THE EYRIE 637    From a Loyal Reader  Caroline Ferber writes from Chicago: "Finlay's Israfel is most startling with the blue--and the 'giddy stars' radiate like 4th of July sparklers. Most unusual to me--it calls for further study and more study. The title As 'Twas Told to Me is really intrigu- ing--and Quinn's name, coupled with the drawing of that cavalier, are enough, to make one want to dig into the yarn. Boy, did I ever feel I was Mary Popham being tried for witchcraft! Brrr--and grrr-- such ignorance of a pioneering people! Black- wood's Magic Mirror evidently does not deal with 'The Man Who Broke the Bank'-- Poor feller--aren't the best of us prone to gamble deeply at times? Sorta liked Tooke's verse, The Wreck. Scientifically, The White Rat was good reading--but rat tales get me down. Better--much better--I liked A Thunder of Trumpets--this tale of a Hindoo --a Yogi--and the dazzling heights his mind traverses--as a matter of fact, it's beautiful and fascinating, as was the hand- some Ranjit. Tusk--tusk--Robert Bloch has almost a C. A. Smith quality in his-- Mandarins Canaries--such subtle torture! Woo--The Fire Princess, she is either very brave, or very foolish--but what exciting fun it is to read! Like an old-time movie serial, we would be kept in suspense as to the out- come of the visit into the bowels of the earth to seek the Place of Power. Passively I wait for the next issue. . . . Your short tales are all mighty fine--making up an excellent issue. Wellman's The Cavern had an amus- ing note even though it brought about the end of a daring explorer and adventurer-- and how true it is!--a hippo really has a cavernous orifice in its head. . .. Paul Ernst's reprint of A Witch's Curse fits in a bit with the front cover. It's more intense than some of Ernst's recent attempts. I'd like to see him do something real good again--some- thing that won't make one feel flat in the end. Glad to read that New Zealanders enjoy my monthly nonsense. B. A. Dwyer's suggestion of a de Grand in film meets with my approval--but I can't see Menjou as the friendly Jules. Have no particular one in    NEXT MONTH MORE LIVES THAN ONE By Seabury Quinn HERE is an unusual weird story that skips through the years and ends at last in the United States at the pres- ent day. Those of you who enjoyed reading the same author's story, "The Globe of Memories" (and your names are legion, as "The Globe of Memories" was one of the most popular stories ever published in WEIRD TALES) will thoroughly enjoy this tale on a some- what similar theme. BEGINNING in the Netherlands un- der the Spanish occupation, the story takes the reader into the home of the rich burgher Pieter van Werff, whose son is shortly to be married to Lysbeth van de Doren, and shows us how that heroic girl accepted shame and disgrace to save those she loved, only to be betrayed by them. Through sev- eral lives runs the story, until the young van Werff at last gets the chance to atone for his treachery. This ro- mantic and fascinating novelette will be published complete. in the December issue of WEIRD TALES on sale November 1 To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER   WEIRD TALES 9 Rockefeller Plaza New York, N. Y. Enclosed find $1.00 for which send me the next five issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin with the December issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) Name Address City State