LEONORA 629    the end of my strength, and any night with its horrors may be the end. I must control myself and think of the things I am writing down as they seemed to me at the time.  I was just turned sixteen, and this was romance. And so I stopped and talked to him, although we exchanged few words. That night he did not ask me to ride with him, and so I was less afraid. For with the romance was fear --but I answered his questions.  "What is your name?" he asked; and I answered, "Leonora."  "It is music in my ears," he said softly; and again, I felt that this was romance. I felt it again, when he added: "I have been looking for you for a long time."  Of course, I did not dream--I did not think that he meant that. I had read novels, and love stories. I knew how to take a compliment.  "Do you often pass this way as late as this?"  Something made me hesitate. But something about him, something about our meeting alone in the moonlight, fascinated me. If I said "no," perhaps I would never see him again.  "Very often, when the moon is full," I said, and moved to go around the car. In a moment the gloved hand that rested on the wheel had touched the broad brim of his hat; another move- ment, and the car shot silently ahead and was gone.   I RAN home with a beating heart. My last words had almost made a ren- dezvous of the night of the next full moon. If I desired, there might be another encounter.  Yet it was two months later when we met again. The very next full moon had been clear, cloudless, frostily cold --and a lovely November night. But      that night I was so afraid that I even avoided the full light of the moon when I crossed our yard in the early evening to bring in a book I had left lying out- side. At the thought of traversing the road that led to Margaret's house, every instinct within me rebelled. At midnight, I was lying in my bed, with the covers drawn close around me, and my wide-open eyes turned resolutely away from the patch of moonlight that lay, deathly white, beneath my open window. I was like a person in a ner- vous fit--I, who had never known the meaning of nerves.  But the second month, it was dif- ferent.  After all, it was a fine thing to have mystery and romance, for the taking, mine. Or were they mine for the tak- ing? Perhaps the man in the long, low car had never come again, would never come again. But his voice had promised something different. Would he be there tonight? Had he been there a month ago? Curiosity began to drive me be- fore it. After all, he had made no move to harm me. And there had been something about him, something that drew and drew me. Surely my childish fears were the height of folly--the product of my loneliness.  I went to Margaret's, and stayed late--almost, as on that other night, until the clock struck 12. At last, with a self-consciousness that was noticeable only to me, I wrapped my heavy coat around me and went out into the night.  The night had changed. It was bit- terly cold, and there was a heavy, freezing mist in the air which lay thickly in the hollows. The shadows of the bare trees struck through the dis- mal vapors like dangling limbs of skeletons. . . .  What am I writing, thinking of? The scream that pierced the night, I