THE NAMELESS CITY 625    which had made me shun the nameless city at night, and were as inexplicable as they were poignant. In another mo- ment, however, I received a still greater shock in the form of a definite sound-- the first which had broken the utter silence of these tomb-like depths. It was a deep, low moaning, as of a dis- tant throng of condemned spirits, and came from the direction in which I was staring. Its volume rapidly grew, till soon it reverberated frightfully through the low passage, and at the same time I became conscious of an increasing draft of cold air, likewise flowing from the tunnels and the city above.  The touch of this air seemed to re- store my balance, for I instantly re- called the sudden gusts which had risen around the mouth of the abyss each sunset and sunrise, one of which had indeed revealed the hidden tunnels to me. I looked at my watch and saw that sunrise was near, so braced myself to resist the gale that was sweeping down to its cavern home as it had swept forth at evening. My fear again waned low, since a natural phenomenon tends to dispel broodings over the unknown.  More and more madly poured the shrieking, moaning night wind into that gulf of the inner earth. I dropped prone again and clutched vainly at the floor for fear of being swept bodily through the open gate into the phos- phorescent abyss. Such fury I had not expected, and as I grew aware of an actual slipping of my form toward the abyss I was beset by a thousand new terrors of apprehension and imagina- tion.  The malignancy of the blast awak- ened incredible fancies; once more I compared myself shudderingly to the only human image in that frightful cor- ridor, the man who was torn to pieces by the nameless race, for in the fiendish      clawing of the swirling currents there seemed to abide a vindictive rage all the stronger because it was largely im- potent.  I think I screamed frantically near the last--I was almost mad--but if I did so my cries were lost in the hell- born babel of the howling wind-wraiths. I tried to crawl against the murderous invisible torrent, but I could not even hold my own as I was pushed slowly and inexorably toward the unknown world. Finally reason must have wholly snapped; for I fell to babbling over and over that unexplainable couplet of the mad Arab Alhazred, who dreamed of the nameless city:  That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange eons even death may die. Only the grim brooding desert gods know what really took place--what in- describable struggles and scrambles in the dark I endured or what Abaddon guided me back to life, where I must always remember and shiver in the night wind till oblivion--or worse-- claims me. Monstrous, unnatural, colossal, was the thing--too far beyond all the ideas of man to be believed ex- cept in the silent damnable small hours of the morning when one cannot sleep.  I HAVE said that the fury of the rushing blast wras infernal--caco- demoniacal--and that its voices were hideous with the pent-up viciousness of desolate eternities. Presently these voices, while still chaotic before me, seemed to my beating brain to take articulate form behind me; and down there in the grave of unnumbered eon- dead antiquities, leagues below the dawn-lit world of men, I heard the ghastly cursing and snarling of strange- tongued fiends. Turning, I saw out- lined against the luminous aether of the