604 WEIRD TALES    munificence of Allah the Compassion- ate and Merciful.  As soon as I had fixed my signature upon the scroll the old man changed completely. He was now the urbane, gracious host, solicitous for my com- fort, anxious that I do his poor house the honor of accepting entertainment.  We dined together, eating kous-kous, flat, small bread-loaves baked with poppy seeds and anise, pastries made of sweetened dates and ground pistache beaten into soured milk, and innumer- able cups of almost mud-thick coffee. All through the meal and the postpran- dial coffee my host talked fluently, al- most garrulously, and--surprisingly, in view of his bereavement--the subject of his discourse was the education of the high-caste Moslem woman accord- ing to the orthodoxies of the faith. The reverence due to man by woman, the duty of a woman to her father and her husband, the admonition of the Prophet--on him the Peace!--against letting women learn to read, were dwelt upon at tiresome length, and before an hour had passed I felt my eyelids grow- ing heavy, despite the coffee I had drunk. A black slave entered with pro- found salaams and whispered to his master, "They have come!" but I was so sleepy I could scarcely understand his words. Neither did the sudden flash in Yousouf Pasha's eyes warn me that I was in any way concerned in the mes- sage.  "If only I could rest my eyes a min- ute," I remember thinking, and experi- mentally I closed them. . . . Too drugged with sleep to offer any fight, I felt a pair of hands grasp me beneath the arms and other hands upon my ankles. Somehow, I couldn't raise my lids to see where they were carrying me, but as I swung between my bearers like a hammock I heard old Yousouf      Pasha's voice raised in a paean of trium- phant praise:  "Ya Allah! Thou All-Knowing, All- Compassionate! Thou healer of the wounded heart. ..."  THE next thing I remember I was lying in the vaulted room where I had first wakened, and the body of the dead girl had been moved so close to me that we were like two people lying in a bed. The brass lamps had been taken out and in their place a torch of fat wood blazed with a dull, smoky light. At the foot of the pallets on which the body and I lay, a tripod with a charcoal brazier stood, and before it knelt a pair of the most precious vagrants I had ever seen.  They were a man and woman dressed in positively filthy rags, mat-haired and grime-encrusted, almost incredibly wrinkled, but without a shred of the dignity old age usually imparts. As they blew upon the charcoal in the fire- pot they wheezed and moaned a sort of singsong chant, and when their lips snarled back I saw that they were al- most toothless, but retained a tusk or two apiece, creating an effect far more repugnant than bare gums would have made.  A single word flashed through my brain: "Torturers!" Somewhere I'd heard or read that an ancient punish- ment for murderers was to sew them up in sacks with bodies of their victims and leave them there bound tight against the putrefying corpses. I tried to rise, to scream, to curse them, but the drug that Yousouf Pasha had administered in my coffee made me helpless as a paralytic.  Now the necromancers rose and wound long bandages of sopping cloth around their faces, covering nose and mouth, and if volition had not gone