630 WEIRD TALES    could not suppress. I must control my- self, or they will come and silence me. And I must finish this tonight. I must finish it before the hour of dawn. That is the hour I fear, worse than the hour of midnight.  It is the hour when Those outside must seek their dreadful homes, the hour when striking fleshless fingers against my window-pane is not enough, but They would take me with Them Where They go--where I, but not an- other living soul, have been before! And whence I never shall escape again.  I walked down, slowly, toward the cross-road. I would not have lingered. I would have been glad to find the cross-road empty. It was not.  There stood the car, black--I had not noticed its color before--low-hung, spectral fingers of white light from its cowl lights piercing the mist. The cross- road was in the hollow, and the mist lay very heavily there--so heavily that I could hardly breathe.  He was there in the car, his face more indistinct in the shadow of his broad-brimmed hat than it had been before, I thought, his gloved hand rest- ing as before upon the wheel. And again, with a thrill of fear, there went a thrill of fascination through me. He was different!--different from every- one else, I felt. Strangeness, romance --and his manner was that of a lover. In my inexperience, I knew it.  "Will you ride tonight, Leonora?"  It had come--the next advance-- the invitation!  But I was not going with him. I had got the thrill I had come for. He had asked me, and that was enough. It was enough, now, if I never saw him again. This was a better stopping-point. (Re- member that I was only sixteen.)  A stranger had come out of the night, had been mysteriously attracted      to me, and I to him. He had asked me to ride with him.  I do not know what I said. Some- how, I must have communicated to him what I felt--my pleasure in being asked, my refusal.  His gloved hand touched his hat in the farewell gesture I remembered.  "Another night, Leonora. Leonora!"  The car glided forward and was gone. But the echo of his voice was in my ears. His voice--deep, strange, different--but the voice of a lover. My inexperience was sure. And already I doubted if, after all, this would be enough for me if I never saw him again. Another time, he would be as punctilious, as little urgent. But he might say--what would he say?   THE January moon we hardly saw, so bitter were the storms of that winter, so unbreaking the heavy clouds that shut us from the sky.  The February full moon was crystal- clear in a sky of icy light. The snow- covered ground sparkled, and the branches of the trees were ice-coated, and burned with white fire. But I clung to the fireside, and again crept early within my blankets, drawing them over my head. I was in the grip of the fear that had visited me before. I was like a person in the grip of a phobia, such as they say that I have now, shunning the moonlight and the open air.  It was March.  Next month would bring the spring, and then would follow summer. The world would be a soft and gentle world again, in which fear would have no place. Yet I began to long for a rep- etition of the meetings at the cross- road, a repetition that should have the same setting--the rigors of winter, rather than the entirely different sur- roundings of the season of new buds