THE NAMELESS CITY 621    where I had to wriggle feet first along the rocky floor, holding the torch at arm's length beyond my head. The place not high enough for kneeling. After that were more of the steep steps, and I was still scrambling down inter- minably when my failing torch died out. I do not think I noticed it at the time, for when I did notice it I was still holding it above me as if it were ablaze. I was quite unbalanced with that instinct for the strange and the un- known which had made me a wanderer upon earth and a haunter of far, ancient, and forbidden places.  In the darkness there flashed before my mind fragments of my cherished treasury of demoniac lore; sentences from Alhazred the mad Arab, para- graphs from the apocryphal nightmares of Damascus, and infamous lines from the delirious Image du Monde of Gau- thier de Metz. I repeated queer ex- tracts, and muttered of Afrasiab and the demons that floated with him down the Oxus; later chanting over and over again a phrase from one of Lord Dun- sany's tales--"the unreverberate black- ness of the abyss." Once when the descent grew amazingly steep I recited something in singsong from Thomas Moore until I feared to recite more:  A reservoir of darkness, black As witches' cauldrons are, when fill'd With moon-drugs in th' eclipse distill'd. Leaning to look if foot might pass Down thro' that chasm, I saw, beneath, As far as vision could explore, The jetty sides as smooth as glass, Looking as if just varnish'd o'er With that dark pitch the Sea of Death Throws out upon its slimy shore.  TIME had quite ceased to exist when my feet again felt a level floor, and I found myself in a place slightly higher than the rooms in the two smaller tem- ples now so incalculably far above my head. I could not quite stand, but could      kneel upright, and in the dark I shuf- fled and crept hither and thither at random. I soon knew that I was in a narrow passage whose walls were lined with cases of wood having glass fronts. As in that paleozotic and abysmal place I felt of such things as polished wood and glass I shuddered at the possible implications. The cases were appar- ently ranged along each side of the pas- sage at regular intervals, and were oblong and horizontal, hideously like coffins in shape and size. When I tried to move two or three for further exam- ination, I found that they were firmly fastened.  I saw that the passage was a long one, so floundered ahead rapidly in a creeping run that would have seemed horrible had any eye watched me in the blackness; crossing from side to side occasionally to feel of my sur- roundings and be sure the walls and rows of cases still stretched on. Man is so used to thinking visually that I al- most forgot the darkness and pictured the endless corridor of wood and glass in its low-studded monotony as though I saw it. And then in a moment of indescribable emotion I did see it.  Just when my fancy merged into real sight I cannot tell; but there came a gradual glow ahead, and all at once I knew that I saw the dim outlines of the corridor and the cases, revealed by some unknown subterranean phosphor- escence. For a little while all was ex- actly as I had imagined it, since the glow was very faint; but as I mechan- ically kept stumbling ahead into the stronger light I realized that my fancy had been but feeble. This hall was no relic of crudity like the temples in the city above, but a monument of the most magnificent and exotic art. Rich, vivid, and daringly fantastic designs and pic- tures formed a continuous scheme of