610 WEIRD TALES    I felt myself go weak all over, and had to press my hands together to keep them from trembling.  The idea of a nose-ring--"as if I were a bull," I'd thought when I first saw it -- seemed far more tolerable when they put this diamond in my nose, and as they slipped the bracelets, amu- lets and anklets on me till I couldn't move without a tinkle I felt delight in- creasing till it was almost ecstasy. I was ready, eager, to go back with them and see myself in the long mirror, and when I looked at the reflection which smiled back at me I discovered some- thing more. The new body which en- cased my personality--or soul, or spirit, call it what you will--was still a thing to be objectively considered and admired, but no longer with complete detachment. It was not I, yet it was I. I knew it was myself--it hurt me when I stumbled up against a tabouret, I could feel the pangs of thirst and hunger in it--yet it was like another person, also. I loved it as I might have loved an exquisite young girl if I'd re- tained my own body, and--please try to understand--at the same time I loved to be loved by me. It was a pleasure to behold myself, to preen and pose and posture at the mirror, and the sensa- tion when I ran my hands along my arms or body was something like that which a cat must have when it's stroked until it purrs.  The slave-girls seemed to understand this perfectly, and instead of laughing in derision they gave nods and smiles of approval when, unable to resist the impulse, I crossed the room and kissed my own reflection in the looking-glass.   I KNEW that Yousouf Pasha's house was orthodox, but I had not realized how it adhered to the old order. The periods of prayer were scrupulously ob-      served with the prescribed prostrations and ablutions; throughout the month of Ramadan we fasted rigorously from sunrise to sunset, not taking so much as a sip of water or whiff of smoke by way of relaxation, but at night we stuffed ourselves with food and sweet- meats, and slept as much as possible by day.  There was no nonsense about Yous- ouf Pasha. He was lord and master of the selmalik and haremlik and every- thing within their confines. When, in the evening of my first day as his daughter, I was sent for by him, I found I had to kneel and press my hands flat to the floor, then lay my brow between them while I intoned formally, "Es-salaam, ya abu--the Salute, O my father." Not until he had responded, "Es-salaam, ya bent--the Salute on thee, O daughter," might I rise, and then I had to stand with folded hands and eyes cast down demurely till he bade me sit upon a cushion at his feet.  I began to remonstrate with him, speaking as an equal to an equal, but before I'd said a dozen words he broke in with, "Istaghfir Allah, ya bent--ask God's pardon, daughter!" Then he ex- plained my status to me and left noth- ing to imagination.  By my criminal carelessness I had robbed him of his one ewe lamb and the possibility of making good his promise to his life-long friend at a single stroke. But I had atoned by of- fering to take the daughter's place, and signed a statement that I did it will- ingly. In reliance on that statement he had trafficked with a pair of slubbia necromancers, desert gipsies, workers of unclean magic and followers of Shai- tan the stoned and rejected. It had cost him much gold to secure their services, for the necromancy which enabled him to change a man into a woman or a