A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL Weird Tales Registered in U.S. Patent Office Volume 32 Contents for November, 1938 Number 5      Cover Design A. R. Tilburne   Illustrating a scene in "I Found Cleopatra"   I Found Cleopatra (Part 1) Thomas P. Kelley 521   A weird tale of many thrills, by the author of "The Last Pharaoh"   Fothergill's Jug Thorp McClusky 551   A fascinating story about a strange jug dug up out of the sands of Mesopotamia, and the weird entity that reached forth its dread hands from within the jug   The Hound of Pedro Robert Bloch 563   A tale of old Mexico under the Spaniards, of an evil black Moor from Granada, and a ghastly game of ten-pins played on the desert sands   The Thing in the Trunk Paul Ernst 573   A grim, absorbing tale about a heinous crime and its strange aftermath, by the author of "A Witch's Curse" and other eery trill-stories   Lynne Foster Is Dead Seabury Quinn 589   The Strangest adventure that ever befell a man happened to the handsome young American after the ill-starred traffic accident in the streets of Cairo   The Nameless City H. P. Lovecraft 617   It lay silent and dead under the cold desert moon, but what strange race inhabited the abyss beneath those cyclopean ruin?   Recompense Robert E. Howard 626   Verse   Weird Story Reprint:   Leonora Everil Worrell 627   An eldritch tale, reprinted from an early issue of WEIRD TALES   The Eyrie 635   The readers express their opinions     Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies 25 cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Span, $2.50; Canada, $2.75; elsewhere, $3.00. English office; Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-lishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission of the publishers. NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright 1938, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITIAN WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH  514