THE INFINITE VISION 137 I TELL you, gentlemen, this is a pretty pass of affairs. Here all the other branches of science are open to practi- cally an unlimited development, while Astronomy is nearly strapped because of one thing--that we have apparently reached the limit of development of the telescope, as evidenced by these plates here. Something must be done. Can't any of you suggest anything?" and the speaker paused and glared around the table. It was a meeting of the International Astronomi- cal Society, gathered to discuss the results of the trial of the giant forty foot mercury reflector tele- scope which had recently been completed in the great Holton Observatory, situated high up among the South American Andes. Evidently the results had been none too satis- factory, as evidenced by the grave and thoughtful expressions of the company. Holton, the chairman, with his none too good ordinary humor, was fast working up to a literal tirade of rage. "Possibly zee mercury reflector might be satis- factorily eemproved," mildly suggested Flambeau, the noted Frenchman, in response to Holton's heated demand. That individual gave a snort of disgust, and his wiry red hair fairly bristled, as he spat out his withering reply. "What, that d--thing! Why that thing is per- fected as far as it lies within the power of mortal man to do it. But look at this plate--magnified enough, but as far as detail goes--! Looks like a striped pancake to me. Vibrationless action, H--! You can't entirely eliminate vibration in any machine. And look what microscopic ripples did in this case. Yes, I'd like to see you do any- thing with that crazy thing. And if you are fools enough to try it, after spending a million dollars with these results, why I absolutely refuse to have anything to do with it. I quit." An uneasy silence fol- lowed this outburst. Not a man was present but who realized that, in spite of his eccentricities, Henry F. Holton was the greatest astronomical au- thority of the day. Con- sequently, no one had the temerity to oppose his views. All through this stormy session, a tall dark man of about thirty-five sat pa- tiently listening to the discourse. Glenn Faxworthy was, in all probability, the greatest scientific genius present at the meeeting that day. Not only was he proficient in Astronomy, but to an even greater de- gree in Physics and Chemistry. He had disclosed some remarkable things in his day, this quiet force- ful man. Curiously enough, however, he had chosen to keep them to himself, biding the day when their revelation might be doubly effective. Finally when the tenseness of the silence was becoming acute, he arose and addressed the meeting. "Gentlemen," he said, "put a million dollars avail- able at my hands and I will build you a telescope which will reveal the molecules of the rocks of the moon." THE PREPARATION A COLD moon was rising over the snow-capped summits of the Andes Range. Upon one of the highest peaks stood the gigantic Holton Ob- servatory, situated in the most favorable location of the world for making observations. On the steps of the huge concrete building two men stood in earnest conversation. One of them was short and red-haired, with bright blue eyes that snapped belligerently behind thick horn-rimmed spectacles. His companion, tall and dark, had about him an indefinable atmosphere of quiet force and dignity. For ten years these men had been engaged in intensive labor, the one preparing the huge struc- ture for the reception of the delicate apparatus which his companion was laboring to perfect in a great laboratory far off in the States. Six months ago he had arrived with it. From that time, with the assistance of a small crew of men, they had worked almost night and day install- ing it. Only that day had they made the final ad- justments which rendered it capable of the mighty function it was to perform. For some moments the two stood, silently regard- ing the great looming bulk which contained all their hopes. Then the tall dark man, raising his eyes, glanced at a great red star, which shone threaten- ingly, unblinkingly in the zenith. He spoke shortly to his companion, and together the two entered the structure. Two hours later they emerged, their faces trans- figured with the light of great revelation. What they saw that night only ten others have seen, from that day until this. * * * Twenty-four hours lat- er the same men entered the building again. This time, however, they were accompanied by ten oth- ers, the greatest scientists of three continents. Harl- ton, the English physicist, was there; Coron, the American chemist; Flam- beau, the Frenchman, to- gether with the heads of the four greatest observ- atories of the world, and others. In the center of the room to which they were conducted, stood the massive mercury reflector, the subject of the torrid discussion of ten years before. But now it was strangely altered. No longer was it set immovably upon giant pivots, pointing unalter- ably, to a single spot in the heavens. Now it was fitted into a ponderous equatorial mounting as deli- cately balanced as a precious chronometer. And its shining surface no longer needed rapid rotation to maintain its perfect parabolical form. The liquid AT THE opposite extremes of the investigations of scientists are the studies of the electron and nucleus and quantum which have crowned such scientists as Mil- ligan and Bohr and Rutherford with reputations which will never die. But on the other end of things we are surrounded by the Stellar Universe where miles are too small to be taken into account, and where the light-year, which is an inconceivable number of miles for the ordi- nary mind, is the unit of distance, and into this great Stellar Universe the observers of the "International Astronomical Society" are striving to penetrate with their gigantic telescope mounted on the great observatory on the summit of the Andes Mountains. What did they see? What secrets were revealed to them? We have no more to say. Read the story. 