192 AMAZING STORIES HOW THIS MAN WON SUCCESS As an Electrical Expert General Manager of his company at 28 years of age! His own boss--owns his own home--married and happy and prosperous--that's the remarkable success achieved by Wal- lace H. Rohrschneidor, now Genoral Manager, Secretary and Treasurer of the Hustlsford Light, Power and Manufacturing Company of Hustlsford, Wisconsin. Mr. Rohrschneider got his start toward his quick and brilliant success at School of Engineering of Milwaukee. There he received the practical, intensive and specialized training that enabled him to make good in a big way. WHY DON'T YOU GET INTO THIS BIG-PAY FIELD? The same kind of training that put Mr. Rohrschneider into the ranks of the highly-paid Electrical Specialists will qualify you for brilliant success in this fascinating field of unlimited opportunities. Come to America's Great Institution or Electrlcal Education. Learn by actual practice in our big laboratories with their magnificent equip- ment, including motors, dynamos, switchboards, ignition and lighting systems, etc. Rocognlzed experts give you personal instruction every step of the way. EARN YOUR WAY THROUGH THIS GREAT COLLEGE You can earn money to help defray your expenses while you are learning. Our wonderful co-operative plan brings an Electrical Career within the reach of every ambitious man. Our Free Employment Department secures positions for those students who wish to earn part of their expenses. In addition, tho Department will help you get a good position in the Electrical Industry when your training is completed. BIG BOOK FREE--Mail the coupon today for our big new illustrated catalog. Check the course that interests you most and we will send you special information. Read about the School that trains men for practical and quick success. See how easy it is for you to get the training that will enable you to step to a splendid position and a handsome income. Mail the coupon right NOW. No cost or obligation. SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING of Milwaukee Dept AS526, 415 Marshall Street, Milwaukee. Wis MAIL COUPON NOW SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING OF MILWAUKEE Dept. AS526, 415 Marshall Street, Milwaukee, Wis. Please send me without any cost or obligation, full particu- lars of the electrical course I have cheeked and your big Free Book telling about your institution and how it will fit me for a big position in the electrical fleld. Also tell me about your Earn-While-You-Learn plan. (Check courses interested in, and be sure to give your education.) --School of Practical Eleetrlclty--6 months or 1 year course. Complete general course, covering entire electrical field. --Junior Electrical Engineering--12 to 30 months' course. Practical electrical training combined with thorough Acad- emic education. --College of Electrical Engineering--3 years' course. Regu- lar collegiate work granting B.S. decree. 14 High School units or diploma from our Junior Elcctrical Engineering Course required for entrance. --Commercial Electrical Engineering--1 year course. En- trance requirements same as for E. E. --Electrotechnics--1 year course. Especially adapted to meet the needs of those who wish to become a Commercial Electrical Engineer but do not possess the necessary en- trance requirements. --School of Automotive Electricity--3 to 6 months. Covers all systems of starting, lighting, ignition, and storage batteries for automobiles, tractors, air-craft, etc. Intensive practice course. --Radio Sales &amp; Service--3 months. --Electric Light, Heat and Power Wiring and Testing--3 to 6 months' course. Practical and intensive course. --Armature Winding and Motor Generator Repair Course-- 3 to 6 months' course. Brief, but intensely practical, lead- ing to well-paying positions. --Electrical Home-Service Training with laboratory facil- ities. for thoso who cannot come to Milwaukee. Name Street City State Age Education experience. It was to them both a subject of the greatest per- plexity to find that the shores of the Mediterranean had un- dergone no change, but they coincided in the opinion that it was prudent to keep their be- wilderment entirely to them- selves. Nothing induced them to break their reserve. The very next day the small community was broken up. The Dobryna's crew, with the count and the lieutenant, start- ed for Russia, and the Span- iards, provided, by the count's liberality, with a competency that ensured them from want, were despatched to their native shores. The leave taking was accomplished by genuine tokens of regard and goodwill. For Isaac Hakkabut alone there was no feeling of regret. Doubly ruined by the loss of his tarton, and by the abandon- ment of his fortune, he disap- peared entirely from the scene. It is needless to say that no one troubled himself to institute a search after him, and as Ben Zoof sententiously remarked, "Perhaps old Jehoram is mak- ing money in America by ex- hibiting himself as the latest arrival from a comet!" But however great was the reserve which Captain Serva- dac might make on his part, nothing could induce Professor Rosette to conceal his experi- ences. In spite of the denial which astronomer after astron- omer gave to the appearance of such a comet as Gallia at all, and of its being refused admis- sion to the catalogue, he pub- lished a voluminous treatise, not only detailing his own ad- ventures, but setting forth, with the most elaborate preci- sion, all the elements which settled its period and its orbit. Discussions arose in scientific circles; an overwhelming ma- jority decided against the rep- resentations of the professor; an unimportant minority de- clared themselves in his favor, and a pamphlet obtained some degree of notice, ridiculing the whole debate under the title of "The History of an Hypothe- sis." In reply to this imperti- nent criticism of his labors, Rosette issued a rejoinder full of the most vehement assevera- tion that a fragment of Gibral- tar was still traversing the regions of space, carrying thir- teen Englishmen upon its sur- face, and concluding by saying that it was the great disap- pointment of his life that he had not been taken with them. Pablo and little Nina were adopted, the one by Servadac, the other by the count, and un- der the supervision of their guardians, were well educated and cared for. Some years lat- er, Colonel (no longer Cap- tain) Servadac, his hair slight- ly streaked with grey, had the pleasure of seeing the hand- some young Spaniard united in marriage to the Italian, now grown into a charming girl, upon whom the count bestowed an ample dowry; the young people's happiness in no way marred by the fact that they had not been destined, as once seemed likely, to be the Adam and Eve of a new world. The career of the comet was ever a mystery which neither Servadac nor his orderly could eliminate from the regions of doubt. Anyhow, they were firmer and more confiding friends than ever. One day, in the environs of Montmartre, where they were secure from eavesdroppers. Ben Zoof incidentally referred to the experiences in the depths of Nina's Hive; but stopped short and said, "How- ever, those things never hap- pened, sir, did they?" His master could only reply, "Confound it, Ben Zoof! What is a man to believe?" THE END 