126 AMAZING STORIES nihility. The only consideration which restrains us is our conception of its atomic constitution; and here, even, we have to seek aid from our notion of an atom, as something possessing, in infinite minuteness, solidity, palpability, weight. Destroy the idea of the atomic constitution, and we should no longer be able to regard the ether as an entity, or at least as matter. For want of a better word we might term it spirit. Take, now, a step beyond the luminiferous ether--conceive a matter as much more rare than the ether, as this ether is more rare than the metal, and we arrive at once (in spite of all the school dogmas) at a unique mass--an un- particled matter. For although we may admit in- finite littleness in the atoms themselves, the infini- tude of littleness in the spaces between them is an absurdity. There will be a point--there will be a degree of rarity, at which, if the atoms are suffi- ciently numerous, the interspaces must vanish, and the mass absolutely coalesce. But the consideration of the atomic constitution being now taken away, the nature of the mass inevitably glides into what we conceive as spirit. It is clear, however, that it is as fully matter as before. The truth is, it is impossible to conceive spirit, since it is impossible to imagine what is not. When we flatter ourselves that we have formed its conception, we have merely deceived our understanding by the consideration of infinitely rarefied matter. P. There seems to me an insurmountable objec- tion to the idea of absolute coalescence;--and that is the very slight resistance experienced by the heavenly bodies in their revolutions through space --a resistance now ascertained, it is true, to exist in some degree, but which is, nevertheless, so slight as to have been quite overlooked by the sagacity even of Newton. We know that the resistance of bodies is, chiefly, in proportion to their density. Ab- solute coalescence is absolute density. Where there are no interspaces, there can be no yielding. An ether, absolutely dense, would put an infinitely more effectual stop to the progress of a star than would an ether of adamant or of iron. V. Your objection is answered with an ease which is nearly in the ratio of its apparent unanswer- ability.--As regards the progress of the star, it can make no difference whether the star passes through the ether or the ether through it. There is no astronomical error more unaccountable than that which reconciles the known retardation of the comets with the idea of their passage through an ether for, however rare this ether be supposed, it would put a stop to all sidereal revolution in a very far briefer period than has been admitted by those astronomers who have endeavored to slur over a point which they found it impossible to comprehend. The retardation actually experienced is, on the other hand, about that which might be expected from the friction of the ether in the instantaneous passage through the orb. In the one case, the re- tarding force is momentary and complete within itself--in the other it is endlessly accumulative. P. But in all this--in this identification of mere matter with God--is there nothing of irreverence? [I was forced to repeat this question before the sleep-waker fully comprehended my meaning.] V. Can you say why matter should be less rever- enced than mind? But you forget that the matter of which I speak is, in all respects, the very "mind" or "spirit" of the schools, so far as regards its high capacities, and is moreover, the "matter" of these schools at the same time. God, with all the powers attributed to spirit, is but the perfection of matter. P. You assert, then, that the unparticled matter, in motion, is thought? V. In general, this motion is the universal thoughts of the universal mind. This thought creates. All created things are but the thoughts of God. P. You say, "in general." V. Yes. The universal mind is God. For new individualities matter is necessary. P. But you now speak of "mind" and "matter" as do the metaphysicians. V. Yes--to avoid confusion. When I say "mind," I mean the unparticled or ultimate matter; by "mat- ter," I intend all else. P. You were saying that "for new individualities matter is necessary." V. Yes; for mind, existing unincorporate, is merely God. To create individual, thinking beings, it was necessary to incarnate portions of the divine mind. Thus man is individualized. Divested of corporate investure, he were God. Now, the partic- ular motion of the incarnated portions of the un- particled matter is the thought of man, as the mo- tion of the whole is that of God. P. You say that divested of the body man will be God? V. [After much hesitation.] I could not have said this; it is an absurdity. P. [Referring to my notes.] You did say "that divested of corporate investiture man were God." V. And this is true. Man thus divested would be God--would be unindividualized. But he can never be thus divested--at least never will be--else we must imagine an action of God returning upon itself --a purposeless and futile action. Man is a crea- ture. Creatures are thoughts of God. It is the nature of thought to be irrevocable. P. I do not comprehend. You say that man will never put off the body? V. I say that he will never be bodiless. P. Explain. V. There are two bodies--the rudimental and the complete, corresponding with the two conditions of the worm and the butterfly. What we call "death" is but the painful metamorphosis. Our present in- carnation is progressive, preparatory, temporary. Our future is perfected, ultimate, immortal. The ultimate life is the full design. P. But of the worm's metamorphosis we are pal- pably cognizant. V. We, certainly--but not the worm. The matter of which our rudimental body is composed is within the ken of the organs of that body; or, more dis- tinctly, our rudimental organs are adapted to the matter of which is formed the rudimental body; but not to that of which the ultimate is composed. The ultimate body thus escapes our rudimental senses, and we perceive only the shell which falls, in decaying, from the inner form; not that inner form itself; but this inner form, as well as the shell, is appreciable by those who have already acquired the ultimate life. P. You have often said that the mesmeric state very nearly resembles death. How is this? V. When I say that it resembles death, I mean 