98 AMAZING STORIES LUMINOUS PAINT Make Your Watches, Clocks, Etc., Visible by Night The very latest discovery in the scientific world. Hitherto, prac- tically unobtainable except at an exorbitant price, we have at last succeeded in producing this remarkable LUMINOUS PAINT, which, applied to the surface of any article, emits rays of white light, rendering it perfectly visable in the dark. THE DARKER THE NIGHT, THE MORE BRILLIANT IT SHINES. Quite simple to use. Anyone --you can do it. A little applied to the dial of your watch or clock will enable you to tell the time by night. You can coat the push buttons or switch plates of your electric lights, match boxes, and innumerable other articles: make your own Luminous Crucifixes, Luminous Rosaries, etc. Bottle containing sufficient to cost several small articles, Price 25c. Larger sizes 50c and $1 postpaid. Johnson Smith &amp; Co., Dept. 343, Racine, Wis. The "Little Giant" Typewriter A First Class Writing Machine For $1.50 A perfect little typewriter for $1.50. There are thousands of persons who would like to use a typewriter but whose needs and business do not war-rant the expense attached to the pur-chase and use of a fifty or seventy-five dollar machine. To such persons we confidently recommend our Little Giant. It is strongly made, but simple in construction, so that anyone can quickly learn to operate it, and write as rapidly as they would with pen and ink. The letters of the alphabet most frequently used are so grouped as to enable one to write rapidly, the numerals 1 to 10, and the punctuation marks being together. With this machine you can send your best girl typewritten love letters, address envelipes, make out bills, and do almost any kind of work not requiring large, expensive machine. With each typewriter we send a tube of ink and full printed instructions for using the machine. Price com-plete $1.50 by mail postpaid to any address in the world. Every Boy His Own Toy Maker Greatest boys' book written. Tells how to make a Pinhole Cam-era* a Canoe, model Railroad, a Telephone, Boomerang, Telegraph Instrument, Box Kite, Talking Machine, Microscope, Electric Motor, Electric Door Bell, Water Wheel, Paddle Raft, a pair of Skis, a Dog Sled, Bird House, Rabbit Yard, etc. 64 pages, 150 Illustrations. PRICE, 10c postpaid; 3 for 25c. GOLD TEETH You know how fashionable it is to have gold crowns--if you can afford it. These gold-finished shells fasten over your real teeth and look like very wealthy fillings. Can be slipped on and off in an instant. Get some and surpriso your friends. PRICE 6 Cents Each, 3 for 15c, or 50c for 1 doz. postpaid. JOHNSON SMITH &amp; CO. Dept. 343, Racine, Wis. U.S. BABY TANK 25 Cents It goes with real Yankee Pep--by its own power Most remarkable Toy ever in-vented. By drawing the Tank backward, either with the hand or over the floor or table and then placing it down, it will crawl along, overcoming obstacles, in the same life-like manner as the larger Tank that proved so deadly in the great war. What makes it go is somewhat of a mys-tery, for there is no mechan-ism to wind up as is usually understood with mechanical toys, yet this tank will keep plodding along ten times longer than the ordinary run of toys. It will perform dozens of the most wonderful stunts; it will go backward or forward at will. 8½ inches long. Price only 25 cents prepaid. BOYS! BOYS! BOYS! THROW YOUR VOICE Into a trunk, under the bed or аnywhere. Lots of fun fooling the teacher, policeman or friends. THE VENTRILO a little instrument, fits in the mouth out of sight, used with above for Bird Calls, etc. Any-one can use it. Never Fails. A 32-page book on ventriloquism, and the Ventrilo, ALL FOR 10c postpaid. MIDGET BIBLE GREAT CURIOSITY Smallest Bible in the world. Size of a postage stamp. 200 Pages. Said to bring good luck to the owner. A gen- uine work of art. Must be seen to be appreciated. Make good money selling them to friends, church acquaintances, etc. PRICE 15c each, 3 for 40c, 12 for $1.35, 100 for $7.50. Also obtainable in Leather Binding, with gold edges. Price 50c each, 3 for $1.25, $4.50 per doz. Magnifying Glaes for use with Midget Bible, 15c K.K.K Everything about the Ku Klux Klan told in a clear, fearless manner. Book tells all How it started and was suppressed In 1871--The New Ku Klux Klan--How organized --How members are enrolled--Oath of the Klan--Questions for Candidates--Creed--Objects of the Order--Obedience--Fidelity--Pledge of Loyalty--Ku Klux Klan and the Masons-- The Jews--The Masons--Real K. of C. Oath--The Negro Ku Klux Klan, etc., etc. Latest and most complete book on the Klan published. Price, 35c, postpaid. Female SEX Indicator 25c Male SEX INDICATOR Hold the MAGIC INDICATOR over a man's hand--instantly it moves in a straight line, back-ward and forward. Hold it over a woman's hand and it describes a complete and continuous circle. The same action can be obtained over a letter written by a man or woman, etc. It is fascinating; baffling. We have never been able to figure out how it's done--but we've never seen it fail. Many novel and entertaining feats may be performed with the Sex Indicator. For example, similar results can be obtained with animals, cats, dogs, rabbits, over birds, chickens, canaries, etc. Also used to predetermine the sex of chickens and birds, etc., in fact it is sold as a patented egg tester in Europe. Price 25c, or 3 for 65c, postpaid. STAGE MONEY Wlth a bunch of these bills, it is easy for each person of limited means to appear prosperous by flashing a roll of these bills at the proper time and peeling off a genuine bill or two from the outside of the roll, the effect created will be found to be all that can be desired. Prices, postpaid: 40 Bills 20c, 120 for 50c, or $3.50 thousand postpaid. Wonderful X-Ray Tube A wonderful little instrument pro- ducing optical illusions both surprising and startling. With it you can see what is apparently the bones of your fingers, the lead in a lead pencil, the interior opening in a pipe stem, and many other similar illusions. A mystery that no one has been able to satisfactorily explain. Price 10c, 3 for 25c, 1 dozen 75c. Johnson Smith &amp; Co. Good Luck Ring Quaint and Novel Design A VERY striking and uncommon ring. Silver finish, skull and crossbone design, with two brilliant, flashing gems sparkling out of the eyes. Said by many to bring Good Luck to the wearer, hence its name, Good Luck Ring. Very unique ring that you will take a pride in wearing. ONLY 25 CENTS. Exploding Cigarettes JUST LIKE ORDINARY CIGARETTES. BUT SUCH REAL STARTLERS! The box contains ten genuine cigarettes of excellent quality. They appear so real, but when each cigarette is about one-third smoked, the victim gets a very great surprise as it goes off with a loud BANG! A great mirth provoker yet entirely harmless. Price 25c per box. Popular Watch Charms 15c ONLY 3 for 40c; $1.35 doz. Very pretty little curiosities and decidedly novel. Fitted with Magnifying Lenses that enlarge the pictures to a very surprising degree; in fact, it seems almost incredible that a clear picture could to possible in such a small com-pass, and how sharp and distinct they show up when you look through. Come in assorted views --Actresses, views of Panama Canal, Lord's Prayer in type, etc. CIGARETTE MAKER Roll your own and save money. Makes them better and quicker besides saving more than half. Use your favorito brand of tobacco. Neat, useful and handy. Pocket size, weighs ½ oz. Made entirely of metal, nickel-plated. Price 25c postpaid. MAGIC FLUTE Wonderfully Sweet Toned and Мusical The Magic Flute, or Human-stone, is a unique and novel instrument that is played with nose and mouth combined. There is just a little knack in playing it which, when once ac-quired after a little practice will enable you to produce very sweet music that somewhat resembles a flute. There is no fingering, and once you have mastered it you can play all kinds of music with facility and ease. When played as an accomponiment to a piano or any other musical instrument, the effect is as charming as it is surprising. Novelty Badges Kissing Permit 10c Garter Inspector 10c Two very novel metal badges, nickel plated, that you can wear, giving you fun out of all proportion to their trifling cost. 10c. each badge, 3 for 25c, or 75c par doz. p.pd. BLANK CARTRIDGE PISTOL Price $1.00 Post-paid This well made and effective Pistol is modelled on the pattern of the latest type of Re- volver, the appearance of which alone is enough to scare a burglar, whilst, when loaded, it will probably prove just as effective as a revolver wit hreal bul-lets, without the danger to life. It takes the standard .22 Calibre Blank Cartridges, that are obtainable most everywhere. Even the most timid women can use it with perfect safety and frighten a thief with-out risk to herself or anyone else. A Great Protection Against Burglars, Tramps and Dogs. You can have it lying about with-out the danger attached to other revolvers. We sell large num-bers around the 4th of July. Well made of solid Metal. PRICE ONLY $1.00 Postpaid. Blank Cartridges 22-cal. shipped by express only, 50c per 100. Johnson Smith &amp; Co., Dept, 343 Racine, Wis. Sneezing Powder Place a very small amount of this pow-der on the back of your hand and blow it into the air, and everyone in the room or car will begin to sneeze without knowing the reason why. It is most amusing to hear their re-marks, as they never suspect the real source, but think they have caught it from the other. Between the laughing and sneezing you yourself will be having the t[i]me of your life. For parties, politi-cal meetings, car rides, or any place at all where there is a gathering of people, it is the greatest joke out. Price 10c or 3 for 25c Mystic Skeleton 10c pd. A jointed figure of a skeleton 14 in. in height, will dance to music and perform vari-ous gyrations and movements while the operator may be some distance from it. Serpent's Eggs Box contains 12 eggs. When lit wit ha match, each one graduallt hatches itself into a snake several feet long, which curls and twists in a most life-like manner. Price per box 10c ppd. Microphone Transmitter Button $1.00 POST-PAID You can easily make a highly sensitive detectophone by using this Transmitter Button to collect the sound waves. You can build your own outfits without buying expensive equipment. It is simple and inexpensive. You can install an outfit in your home and hear conversations being held all over the house. You can connect up different rooms of a hotel. This outfit was used by secret service operatives dur-ing the war. It is being used on the stage. It is ultra-sensi-tive and is the greatest invention in a micro-phone. You can mount the button almost anywhere--card board boxes, stove pipes, stiff calendars, on the wall behind a picture frame, etc. Button is so light and small it cannot be detected. Persons can be overheard without suspecting it. You can listen in on conversations in another room. A deaf person in the audience can hear the speaker. Connected to phonograph, piano or other musical instrument, music can be heard hundreds of feet away. Button may be used to renew telephone trans-mitters; often makes an old line "talk-up" when nothing else will. The ideal microphone for radio use; carries heavy current and is extremely sensitive. Amplifies radio signals. Countless other similar uses will suggest themselves. Experimenters find the Button useful for hundreds of experiments along the lines of telephones, amplifiers, loud speakers, etc. Many fasci-nating stunts may be devised, such as holding the button against the throat or chest to reproduce speech without sound waves. $5.00 is given to anyone who sends in new suggestion for the use of the Button providing the manufacturers find it suitable for use in their literature. PRICE $1.00 POSTPAID ANYWHERE. ANARCHIST BOMBS One of these glass vials dropped in a room full of people will cause more con-sternation than a limburger cheese. The smell entirely disappears in a short time. 10c a Box, 3 Boxes for 25c INVISIBLE INK The most confidential messages can be writ-ten with this Ink, for the writing MAKES NO MARK. Cannot be seen unless you know the se-cret. Invaluable for many reasons. Keep your post-als and other private mem-orandums away from prying eyes. Great fun for playing practical jokes. Only 15c Bottle ITCHING POWDER This is another good practical joke; the intense discomfiture of your victims to everyone but themselves is thoroughly enjoyable. All that is necessary to start the ball rolling is to de-posit a little of the powder on a person's hand and the powder can be relied upon to do the rest. The result is a vigorous scratch, then some more scratch, and still some more. 10c box, 3 boxes for 25c or 75c per doz boxes postpaid. LOOK 35¢ Look With Illustrated Directions 3 for $1.00 Wonderful Instru-ment. Greatest thing yet. Nine sep-arate articles in one. Everybody delighted with it. Odd, curious and interesting. Lots of pleasure as well as very useful. It is a double Microscope for examining wonders of nature. It is also an Opera Glass, a Stereoscope, a Burning Lens, a Reading Glass, a Tele-scope, a Compass, a Pocket Mirror, and a Laryngascope--for examining eye, ear, nose, and throat. It is worth all the cost to locate even one painful cinder in the eye. Folds flat and fits the pocket. Something great--you need one. Don't miss it. Sent by mail, postpaid. Price, only 35c or 3 for $1.00 postpaid. RESURRECTION PLANT One of the most wonderful plants known. Possess the strange power of turning in a few minutes from an appar-ently lifeless, dry herb to a BEAUTIFUL LIVING FERN-LIKE PLANT of dark green color. Simply place the plant in a saucer of water, it will open up and start to grow in 20 minutes. When taken out it will dry up and go to sleep until placed in water again. Fine house plant--summer or winter. 10 cents each or 3 for 25c, postpaid. Agents Wanted. A DeLuxe Edition of our new 1926 CATALOG mailed on reciept of 25c. Handsome cloth binding. Only book of its kind. 430 pages of alll the latest tricks in magic, the newest novel-ties, puzzles, games, sporting goods, interest-ing books, curiosities in seeds and plants, etc., [not available] elsewhere ADDRESS ORDERS FOR ALL GOODS ON THIS PAGE TO JOHNSON SMITH &amp; СО. Dept, 343, RACINE, WIS. Postage Stamps Accepted 