186 AMAZING STORIES can ascertain the precise moment when the shock is to happen, and can succeed in launching ourselves a sufficient time beforehand into Gallia's atmos- phere, I believe it will transpire that this atmos- phere will amalgamate with that of the earth, and that a balloon whirled along by the combined veloc- ity would glide into the mingled atmosphere and re- main suspended in midair until the shock of the col- lision is over." Count Timascheff reflected for a minute, and said, "I think, lieutenant, I understand your project. The scheme seems tenable; and I shall be ready to co-operate with you, to the best of my power, in putting it into execution." "Only, remember," continued Procope, "there are many chances to one against our success. One in- stant's obstruction and stoppage in our passage, and our balloon is burnt to ashes. Still, reluctant as I am to acknowledge it, I confess that I feel our sole hope of safety rests in our getting free from this comet." "If the chances were ten thousand to one against us," said Servadac, "I think the attempt ought to be made." "But have we hydrogen enough to inflate a bal- loon?" asked the count. "Hot air will be all that we shall require," the lieutenant answered; "we are only contemplating about an hour's journey." "Ah, a fire-balloon! A montgolfier!" cried Ser- vadac. "But what are you going to do for a cas- ing?" "I have thought of that. We must cut it out of the sails of the Dobryna; they are both light and strong," rejoined the lieutenant. Count Timascheff complimented the lieutenant upon his ingenuity, and Ben Zoof could not resist bringing the meeting to a conclusion by a ringing cheer. Truly daring was the plan of which Lieutenant Procope had thus become the originator; but the very existence of them all was at stake, and the design must be executed resolutely. For the suc- cess of the enterprise it was absolutely necessary to know, almost to a minute, the precise time at which the collision would occur, and Captain Ser- vadac undertook the task, by gentle means or by stern, of extracting the secret from the professor. To Lieutenant Procope himself was entrusted the superintendence of the construction of the mont- golfier, and the work was begun at once. It was to be large enough to carry the whole of the twenty- three residents in the volcano, and, in order to provide the means of floating aloft long enough to give time for selecting a proper place for descent, the lieutenant was anxious to make it carry enough hay or straw to maintain combustion for a while, and keep up the necessary supply of heated air. The sails of the Dobryna, which had all been carefully stowed away in the Hive, were of a tex- ture unusually close, and quite capable of being made airtight by means of a varnish, the ingredi- ents of which were rummaged out of the promiscu- ous stores of the tartan. The lieutenant himself traced out the pattern and cut out the strips, and all hands were employed in seaming them together. In was hardly the work for little fingers, but Nina persisted in accomplishing her own share of it. The Russians were quite at home at occupation of this sort, and having initiated the Spaniards into its mysteries, the task of joining together the cas- ing was soon complete. Isaac Hakkabut and the professor were the only two members of the com- munity who took no part in this somewhat tedious proceeding. A month passed away, but Servadac found no opportunity of getting at the information he had pledged himself to gain. On the sole occasion when he had ventured to broach the subject with the as- tronomer, he had received for answer that as there was no hurry to get back to the earth, there need be no concern about any dangers of transit. Indeed, as time passed on, the professor seemed to become more and more inaccessible. A pleasant temperature enabled him to live entirely in his ob- servatory, from which intruders were rigidly shut out. But Servadac bided his time. He grew more and more impressed with the importance of finding out the exact moment at which the impact would take place, but was content to wait for a promising opportunity to put any fresh questions on the sub- ject to the too reticent astronomer. Meanwhile, the earth's disc was daily increasing in magnitude; the comet traveled 50,000,000 leagues during the month, at the close of which it was not more than 78,000,000 leagues from the sun. A thaw had now fairly set in. The breaking up of the frozen ocean was a magnificent spectacle, and "the great voice of the sea," as the whalers graphic- ally describe it, was heard in all its solemnity. Little streams of water began to trickle down the de- clivities of the mountain and along the shelving shore, only to be transformed, as the melting of the snow continued, into torrents or cascades. Light vapors gathered on the horizon, and clouds were formed and carried rapidly along by breezes to which the Gallian atmosphere had long been unac- customed. All these were doubtless but the prelude to atmospheric disturbances of a more startling character; but as indications of returning spring, they were greeted with a welcome which no appre- hensions for the future could prevent being glad and hearty. A double disaster was the inevitable consequence of the thaw. Both the schooner and the tartan were entirely destroyed. The basement of the icy pedes- tal on which the ships had been upheaved was grad- ually undermined, like the icebergs of the Arctic Ocean, by warm currents of water, and on the night of the 12th the huge block collapsed en masse, so that on the following morning nothing remained of the Dobryna and the Hansa except the fragments scattered on the shore. Although certainly expected, the catastrophe could not fail to cause a sense of general depression. Well-nigh one of their last ties to Mother Earth had been broken; the ships were gone, and they had only a balloon to replace them! To describe Isaac Hakkabut's rage at the de- struction of the tartan would be impossible! His oaths were simply dreadful; his imprecations on the accursed race were full of wrath. He swore that Servadac and his people were responsible for his loss; he vowed that they should be sued and made to pay him damages; he asserted that he had been brought from Gourbi Island only to be plundered; in fact, he became so intolerably abusive, that Ser- vadac threatened to put him into irons unless he conducted himself properly; whereupon the Jew, 