Bruno's Weekly 1 23 December 25th, MCMXV naaq_1915-12-25_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 23 Ilonka Karasz Illustration 1 Merry Christmas To All! William Marion Reedy cre 3 Greenwich Village of Yore I. In the Times of the Dutch Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno cre Thomas A. Janvier cre 3-5 Just One Nickel Being My Christmas Offering To You cre Guido Bruno cre 5-7 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 7 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 8 The Thimble Theatre, Charles Edison and the Phonograph 9-10 Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics 10-11 In Our Village 11-12 Ilonka Karasz, the Hermit Painter 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-14 The Red Shame H. Thompson Rich cre 15 Dead Men's Eyes Guido Bruno cre 15-16 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 17-18 "I got soldiers and candy and things," he said .... 20 Ilonka Katasz Illustration 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents December 25th, 1915 Guido Bruno in his Garret, Situated at58 Washington Square, South* N.Y.C.Brpuo Chap Books D « UL 1*2/ Greenwich Village • I •$i'»»&lt;&gt;*« WeeklyfAtr UK. "fU*re "fclw.0&lt;hc &lt;?©•ctsL-ei-cle /Wcrtxj- ii Ur€ aUcJUL -fvudt ff*\&lt;y~\s Aaaatc£_ &amp;A-ckjt_Olj SLcXfc(ji -£O~vu*-CA.lAj*-aiv tv Vifi&amp;McS~CWt 1UrtLU ~tUA*SLaJla. &lt;n.&amp;As**uL yUAX. O-MJL ,kx/JUL &lt;x&gt; Au&amp;uv^X**^-&amp; :. fryfit tAx 4tA&gt;|^x\A^cfc^u}X(, H tr ~£Zirxy-"Xer Kfic&gt;f\| X4. / (X^cL.ckX^XX ~ii&gt; £A+r&lt;t,"t*&gt; ICttlAA^kiET- I^AjU^V\3fo~~ BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. S3 DECEMBER 35th, MCMXV Vol. I. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY From Bruno Chap Books for January, 1916. (Concluded) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). Ilonka Karasz Merry Christmas To All! William Marion Reedy. Let yourself go in surrender to the season. Don't beafraid or ashamed to be a bit soft towards everybody.Obey that impulse to kindness. Throw off that inhi- bition on spontaneous friendliness. Note how it getsyou more than you give. Reflect how splendid itwould be to carry the feeling on beyond Christmasalways. Don't let the horror and misery of the greatwar oppress you. In the conflict men are giving allthey have and are for ideals. They are making andshaping a new world and a better one, building it withthe supreme sacrifice of self. Help where you can, asmuch as you can. This world is what we make it.The love-habit will beautify and sweeten it. Everylittle bit helps to make a mighty fire of love eventuallyto burn all hate away. Merry Christmas! Greenwich Village of Yore I. In the Times of the Dutch Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno Thomas A. Janvier F the resolute spirit of another1 Andora, the village of Green- wich maintains its independence in the vCry midst of thecity of New York—submitting to no more of a compromisein the matter of its autonomy than is involved in the Procrus- tean sort of splicing which has hitched fast the extremitiesof its tangle"d streets to the most readily available streets inthe City Plan. The flippant carelessness with which this ap- parent union has been effected only serves to emphasize theactual separation. In almost eve?ry case these ill-advised coup- lings are productive of anomalous disorder, while in the caseof the numbered streets they openly travesty the requirementsof communal propriety and of common sense: as may be in- ferred from the fact that within this disjointed region FourthStreet crosses Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Streets very nearlyat right angles—to the permanent bewilderment of nations andto the perennial confusion of mankind.Excepting the immediate vicinity of the Battery, this is theoldest habitation of white men on the Island of York.But there were red men living here before the white mencamd. In the Dutch Records references are made to the Indianvillage of Sapokanican; and this name, or the Bossen Bouerie—me'aning farm in the woods—was applied for more than a cen- tury to the region which came to be known as Greenwich inthe later, English times. The Indian village was probably nearthe site of the present Gansevoort Market; but the name seemsto have been applied to the whole region lying between the North River and the stream called the Manetta Water or Besta- vaar's Kill.In primitive times the land between Manetta Water and theNorth River was very fertile—a light loamy soil, the valueof which anybody with half an eye for soils could see at aglance. Wherefore, Peter Minuit, first of the Dutch Governors,with a becoming regard for the interests of his owners—-thiswas just after he had bought the whole land of Manhattanfrom the unsuspecting savages for sixty guilders, or twenty- four dollars—set apart Sapokanican as one of the four farmsto be reserved to the Dutch India Company in perpetuity. Witheven greater, but more! personal, astuteness the second DutchGovernor, Wouter Van Twiller—having, a most unbecoming re- gard for his own strictly individual interests—made himselfat once grantor and grantee of this property, and so appropri- ated the Company's Farm No. 3 as his own private tobaccoplantation. He was a weak brother, this Governor Van Twiller,and his governing was of a spasmodic and feeble sort; buthis talent for converting public property to private uses was somarked that it would have given him prominence at a verymuch later period in the history of the Ninth Ward—the wholeof which section of the future city, it will be observed, withsome considerable! slices from the adjacent territory, he grabbedwith one swoop of his big Dutch hands.Van Twiller, coming over in the South erg, landed on thisisland in April, 1633. As he was dilatory only in matters ofstate it is reasonable to suppose that he annexed Sapokanicanin time to sow his first crop of tobacco that very year. Hisfarm-house doubtless was the first house erected on the islandof Manhattan north of the settlement around Fort Amsterdam;and with the building of this house at the Bossen Bouetie,Greenwich Village was founded—only a dozen years after theformal colonization of the New Netherland, and rather morethan two centuries and a half ago.Things went so easily and gently in those placid times thata long while passed before the Bossen Bouerie suffered thesmallest change. Twenty years later, in the time of GovernorStuyvesant, mention is made of "the few houses at Sapokani- can;" and nearly half a century later a passing reference tothe settlement there is made in the Labadist journal, so fortun- ately discovered by the late Henry C. Murphy during his resi- dence at the Hague. Under date of September 7th, 1679, thethe journal contains this entry: "We crossed over the island,which takes about three-quarters of an hour to do, and cameto the North River, which we followed a little within thewoods to Sapokanikee. Gerrit having a sister and friendsthere, we rested ourselves and drank some good beer, whichrefreshed us. We continued along the shore to the city, wherewe arrived at an early hour in the evening, very much fatigued,having walked this day about forty miles. I must add, in pass- ing through this island we sometimes encountered such a sweetsmell in the air that we stood still because we did not knowwhat it was we were meeting." And so for about a century after Governor Van Twilier, ina prophetically aldermanic fashion, had boodled to himself thewhole of the future Ninth Ward, the settlement at the BossenBouerie, otherwise Sapokanican, was but a hamlet, and a verysmall hamlet, tucked into the edge of the woodland a little tothe? northward of where the docks of the Cunard and WhiteStar steamers were to be in the fulness of time: and the ham- leters doubtless had very fine trout-fishing between the1 futureFifth and Sixth Avenues, in the Manetta Water; and in theautumn, good duck-shooting over the marsh which later wasto be! Washington Square. Just One Nickel Being My Christmas Offering To You Guido Bruno. home, no friends, no hope, walking the streets of thebig city on a bitter cold winter evening, the realizationthat again the sun had set and he had tried again in vain tobetter his situation and that he had not been able? to procurefor himself a place to rest for a few hours; it is thetragedy in a man's life."Men and women are passing on the streets, hurrying tosome? destination. Only I do not know what I shall do withmyself. Every one of them has finished his business for theday and is hastening to his warm rooms at home, to his din- ner which he will enjoy among his friends or his family. OnlyI have! tried this or that and I have failed. I do not knowwhere I am going to rest, where I am going to pass the longhours till the day breaks again, what I am going to do to- morrow."It is a bitter feeling that overcomes him, wandering thestreets in his insufficient clothing, unprotected from thesharp winds, the collar of his upturned, his hands deepin his pockets. It does not matter if he has himself to blamefor his pitiful situation or if he is simply the victim of cir- cumstances. Unconsciously he is longing for some one whowill bring relief, for some one to whom he can talk. _ If henever before in his life thought of applying for charity andif he even now withholds the? thought of asking for that whichhe ne'eds and he failed to earn, frost and_ liunger, wind andsnow, and the dark streets, deserted at night _by all humanbeings, change the course of his thought and his logic.And if you are hurrying home on a cold evening fromyour daily work anxious to be again in the midst of thedear ones after the separation of hours, and out of the dark- ness of some alley a man in shabby clothefs extends to youhis hand and asks you for assistance, help him. Don't beannoyed because you might miss your train, don't annoy himwith' unnecessary questions. Don't think he is a drunkard whowill carry your nickel to the next saloon!He is your brother. He is homeless. He has no friends. And he asksyour help. What do you care what he does withyour nickel if you know you helped him? And if he goes toa saloon and buys a drink? Isn't the saloon the only placein the large, large city which kefeps its doors open, keeps itslight burning and its furnace going for the man with the onenickel—the only place where he can listen to human voicesand see kind facds, where no one will pester him with re- ligious and social reforms and deprive him of liberty andself-respect?I know there are drunkards and evil doers and criminals.I know we have professional beggars on th£ corners of ourstreets. I know there are men and women who impose onour brotherly feeling. But at least one out of a hundredwho approach us will be? the one whom we must help, andfor the sake of this one let us help all who approach us!Men and women are paid by organized charities to dis- criminate between the worthy and the unworthy and providea temporary relief.Let us form a new society! Without officers, without mem- bership fees, without homes for the needy, and without stand- ardized lodging houses! Let us wipe out the discriminationbetween the rich who contribute large amounts of money andthe workers who intend to do good for small wages, and thepoor and homeless, the recipients and victims of their bene- factors. Let all of us be members of this society, rich andpoor, me*n and women, idlers and laborers. Let the street beour clubhouse, the outstretched hand and humbly uttered wordsfor help, the high sign and"the grip" of membership.And if he or she asks us for help and we have some moneyin our_ pockets let us hand him just as much as we can—notas a gift, nor as alms."Here," let us say, "is just as much as I can spare to giveyou. I hope it will help you over this night. We all haveups and downs in our lives. You will be better off some day.You too will have some money in your pocket and you toowill hurry home as I do to-day. And some man might stepup to you and ask your assistance. Don't turn away fromhim, but remember that he is the man who came to claimthe loan I made you just now. Pay him the money I amloaning you and tell him what I have! told you."And the little money your circumstances allow you tolend to your poor brother in the street will be in circulation;it will pass through the hands of thousands whom it willhelp. It will initiate thousands as members of our societyand it will not only help the? one who is in need but it willalso restore to him his self-respect. You give the man whomyou make in this way a member of our society not only anight's lodging and a meal but you place upon his shouldersa trust, a responsibility and you place in his heart a new am- bition.And who knows but that the nickel you hand out to-daymight come back to you some time. It might come back to you on a cold winter night, on a darkstreet corner. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska I-lERE in Paris we are launched into another winter ofwar, and there can be no question but that the ideaappals. They tell me that in London the absence from thestreet-life of the mutilated victims of war keeps away "blackthoughts" from the public. I cannot but think that thisreticence—if intentional—in the exhibition of the war's effectsis one of different devices for sparing the shock of directcontact with the reality of things typical of that regrettabletimidity manifested by the English at all times in face ofmoral problems,but particularly to be deplored in the presentcircumstances. In this instance the French show couragefar superior, for they do not require doses of mental pick- me-ups to keep up their calm and resolution. The truth inall its abrupt abomination stimulates them. If the Englishsystem of "letting it down gently" is the most suited tothe British temperament, then the British constitution isfeebler than the French.The deficiencies in limbs and features in uniformed men pass- ing me as I note these thoughts on a bench in the Luxembourggardens, inspires this theme. I wish the four statesmen whohave just visited this city from across the Channel had keptme company here for an hour or so. The smile their pho- tographers so invariably render would, I fancy, be less persistent.We do not want to see Cabinet ministers smiling just now.Joffre may and Kitchener (though he does not) may and everyother soldier may, but not civilians, and especially not responsible!civilians.When I read English contemporaries I am surprised to learnof topics quite new to me as preoccupying the Parisian mind.Do I live in an environment apart or do thety? Anyhow,they inform of features of Paris life quite unfamiliar to meand my circle or occupying so insignificant a place in our inter- ests that they do not occur to me! as worth recording. ConstantlyI read "All Paris is talking" or "laughing" or "crying" or"dreaming" about this or that about which I have bardy hearda mention. Either their interests are peculiar or they imaginethat their readers' curiosity necessarily differs from their own,a theory current among publicists—and, notably, editors, as ex- perience has from time to time shown me—the fallacy ofwhich the subsequent bankruptcy of the concerns they_ directedon these principles will, I trust, have! made evident tothem. . ...... Extract from a letter to"The Egoist," London. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre JJNTIL Thursday, January 6th, on which day it will inaug- arate its 1916 season with a very select vocal and instru- mental program, the Thimble Theatre will re'main closed.It is half a year since Mr. Edison started his movement inGreenwich Village, which has for its motto: A chance for theAmercian singer, musician and composer. And here? is whathe really has done.He created a little show-house. A stage for the artists, com- fortable chairs for the audience. He invitefd American singersand musicians, who for some reason or another had not suc- ceeded in getting a public hearing, to use the stage. He in- vited lovers of music, who wished outside of an evening's en- tertainment to be critics of musicians and singers who had notbeen criticised publicly before, to take the seats.Both came. If you happen to have attended one? of the Thim- ble Theatre performances, you know that the Thimble Theatrehas passed its experimental stage. It fulfills its mission be- yond expectations. Artists who have sung or played here havemade their way since. To have appeared at the Thimble? Theatresuccessfully means to them the same as to have had a well- criticised concert arranged by an influential impresario. Manyof the? artists who have appeared realize that their work doesnot entitle them quite yet to play before audiences, and theyare "trying it again" and harder and better.The audiences know the work Mr. Charle?s Edison is doing.They know that their applause may be decisive for the futurecareer of that musician or singer upon the stage. They areimpartial and therefore not over-sympathetic. Who they are,upon whom Mr. Edison calls to act as judges? Just men andwomen like you yourself; love?rs of music, who feel instinctivelywhat they like and what they don't like and who have foundhere in the Thimble Theatre the one place where- they are atliberty to express their likes and their dislikes. Music is forthe ear. There is no high or specific technical education nec- essary to be able to enjoy music. Only physical limitations arepreventive. If one hasn't got a sense? of rhythm (but how veryfew really do not respond to music!) and such will hardly befound in a place where music is offered for the ear only—without attractions for eye (costumes, scenery) and senses(color and light effects).The simple surroundings, the plain but cheerful colors of theThimble Theatre create in the audience a rented and receptivemood.And Mr. Charles Edison does what he set out to do: he givesthe American musician, singer and composer a chance to appefarbefore their supreme critic, an American public. And you goand ask the musician and singer, not known yet, if it isn't thehardest of all the tribulations on their road to success to gettheir first hearing! The Thimble Theatre, Charles Edison and the Phonograph One of the permanent numbers on the Thimble Theatre pro- grams is a selection on the Diamond Disc. It is listed on the!program as "American Singers on the Diamond Disc."What the printed book means to the author, the DiamondDisc means to-day to the singer, musician and composer. Lim- ited editions of seveh hundred-fifty copies of a certain book onJapan paper, bound in morocco leather are for the collector ofcurios. The appearance of a singer or musician in an operahouse or a concert hall with a seating capacity of our averageshow-houses is a feast for the connoisseur. Books ceased, itseems, long ago to be a luxury of the elect. And in realityit is not so long ago—only since electricity brought everythingcloser in space and released humanity from limitations in anever-dre?amt-of way. Of little service would the publisher beto author and world if he did not aspire to reach out among thetens and hundreds of thousands, if it were not his ambitionto appeal to everybody who has eyes to see and training how toread. Books are not a ddicacy for a few elect but necessaryfood for all of us.Music is for all of us. We do not need to be artists andmusicians in order to enjoy music. We all have ears to hear;but where are the publishers who will realize that the? time ofthe de luxe editions has passed and that instead of thousands,millions are in need of music?There was a time that not only daily papers but men esteemedas critics of their times and of their contemporaries laughedat the idea that our cities would be lighted by electricity, thatthe electric button would have? the most important place inhousehold and business. That must be long, long ago, you say?Not so very long ago. Only in 1884, for instance, andI am quoting Stephen Fiske in his 'Off-Hand Portraits ofProminent New Yorkers." These portraits were originally pub- lished in the Knickerbocker Magazine, and T. F. Durand, itswell-known editor, "thinks it expedient that these off-hand por- traits are not written to order but highly authentic and by atiauthority on criticism of fellowmen." In an off-hand portraitof Thomas Alva Edison, Fiske says:"The failure to utilize electric light in private dwellings totake the place of gas did much to destroy the popularity ofMr. Edison. So did his subsequent failure of the phonograph."This instrument created a scientific and popular furore. Greatthings were predicted of it. Orators and singers were to speak andsing into it and their exact voices were to be reproduced to the remot- est ages. Instruments were put upon exhibition, and marvels wererelated' of the secrets which this discovery recorded and revealedwhen introduced unobserved into private parlors. But the phonographwas practically a failure; the excitement about it soon died out,and the instrument now ranks as a curious and costly toy."iThe Diamond Disc means for the ear what Mr. Edison's in- candescent light meant for the eye.How long will it be and the Diamond Disc will have its placein every home as well as the book shelf with its books ?Mr. Charles Edison endeavors to act as the music publisher of the new kind. He will not confine the singer's, musician'sor composer's work to the de luxe edition of the concert hallor of the opera house. And the selection of American Singerson the Diamond Disc during the Thimble Theatre? performancesshall help to demonstrate to the audiences that, outside of thegreat artists of all countries whose names are household wordsto the newspaper reader, there can be found in the Disc cata- logs American singers and musicians whose work he consideredworth while to be heard by all lovers of music. These discsof American singers shall demonstrate to those present thatthey might be instrumental, through their judicial attitudetowards the singers and musicians appearing on the ThimbleTheatre stage, to efnable millions of music lovers all over theworld to hear the same works, the same artists on the Discin the near future. Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics QUR social old guard in Washington Square North and lowerFifth avenue and its purlieus—especially those whosefashionable prestige is on the wane—are picking _up a fewcrumbs of comfort from a recently issued book, entitled, "FifthAvenue." This work which can be cited as a model of accuracy,is fitly aristocratic in its tone, the only women named_ in theroster of authorities consulted, in the foreword, being thedaughter of the sometime village' shoemaker and his wife thelocal milliner of Greene, Chenango County, in this state. Inthe body of the work, however, quotation is made from thebiography of John Johnston, Esq., of Washington Square North,written by his granddaughter, Mrs. Robert W. DeForest, ofWashington Square North. Mrs. DeForest is a daughter of thelate John Taylor Johnston, a Macaenas of the fine arts wholived in the stately marble house now so sadly in need ofstone re'novating and exterior cleaning, at the southwest cornerof Fifth avenue and Ninth street. The house is now the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Pierre Mali, the latter a daughter of JohnTaylor Johnston, a name! rapidly becoming forgotten under theaccretions of our multi-millionaire fashionable world. Peoplewould be laughed at nowadays, for making even passing mention,on Fifth avenue, of owning a picture valued at only ten thousanddollars. Another daughter, Mrs. Henry E. Coe, an active mem- ber of the Neighborhood Club, livefs on East Ninth street.Mrs. DeForest narrates in this book how one of her grand- father's neighbors on Washington Square requested his coach- man to fetch a couple of pails of water for Mary, the laundress.The? coachman said that this was not his business, and uponbeing asked what his business was, replied: "To harness thehorses and drive them." Thereupon he was requested to bringthe carriage to the door. His employer then invited the laundresswith her two pails to step in and bade the coachman drive herto the pump. There was no more trouble with the coach- man. The Eugene Delano residence at the northeast corner of Wash- ington Square and Fifth avenue and the de Rham mansion atthe corner of Fifth avenue and Ninth street ("the house of thehaunted bay window") are suitably culled out as architecturalspecimens for illustrators. But if one gets into the glare ofpublicity, one must take the consequences. From seeing thesepictures in the book, a be?vy of sight-seers—one or two of themhaughty dames from Washington and Old Virginia, who knowwhat's what—have swooped down upon the neighborhood andhave mentally torn the cheap lace curtains of the de Rhams totatters with their criticisms. "What a pity!" they protest,"There? is only a solitary window on the whole facade of thisstately old mansion, the home of a still wealthier family whichhas lace curtains not one whit better than those of the bourgeoismiddle class 1""How different is this from the upper Park Avenue deRhams, the Casemir, or 'Cacheme?re" de Rhams, as they arepointed out on account of the fine raiment they disport sinceJ # •/ JETfalling heir to a certain legacy," the fashionables comment.To revert to common machine-made curtains, a newly richwoman not at all related to the de Rhams, who was trying topose as "old family" brought down the house with spasms oflaughter at a fashionable dinner the other night, by boastingin all seriousness, of the Nottingham lace curtains which hadcome down in the family from her grandmothers!Aside from the lucubrations on high life, of an ex-hotel-clerkas well as of petople of inherited position, this helpful book—which is the literary apotheosis of Fifth avenue—bears allthrough its pages broad and deep traces of the master mind ofthe socially most ambitious of our Irish-Americans—John D.Crimmins. But valuable is what Mr. Crimmins has to contributeand delightful his self-abne'gation in admitting to the proudand wealthy that his father was a gardener and he himself anerrand boy. In Our Village PEACEFUL and quiet is the Square and the zig-zag of ourStreets, so far away from the Christmas marts and theshopping districts of the metropolis. Only the delivery wagonwith bundles and packages and men and women loaded withChristmas presents on their way home in the evening tell usthat that Christmas propagated in newspapers and store win- dows has really arrived. And then, we are at liberty to imaginethat back of the curtains and heavy hangings of studio and atticwindows elaborate Christmas preparations are being made. Thelittle shops attract some people who are strangers to our happyhunting grounds and who carry away, up-town, village-madeChristmas gifts.A certain Austrian couple?, who seem to have taken Green- wich Village into their hearts played Santa Claus to the chil- dren of Greenwich Village and "Greenwich Village back ofthe Square?." Hundreds of the nicest playthings for girls and boys were delivered, with their compliments to the children ofGreenwich Village, in Bruno's Garret. A big Christmas treefollowed and then came a big box with nice things for the tree.An electrician arrived who eliminated the dangers of the lightedcandle on the tree branches, by wiring the tree. Other friendsof Greenwich Village children furnished ne'eessary money topurchase for efach one of them a nice bag of candy and nuts andraisins, and on Fridajr afternoon, at 3:30, the Christmas treewas lighted for those little ones whose Christmas eve wouldotherwise not have differed from any other evening of the year.The same pleasure the children had in taking down their ownpresents from the tree, the two ladies had who got the treeready.After an absence? of fifteen years, Mrs. Ella Wheeler Wilcoxcame down to Washington Square during her recent visit toNew York. Among her pleasant recollections of GreenwichVillage was an excellent chef in the Brevoort Hotel—one whoreally knew how to create culinary masterpieces .... heis no more.Thomas J. Burton, the historian, dropped into the garret lastwee?k, and while he was warming his hands over the for oncered-hot stove, related to us the story that it was in the identicalroom that Samuel F. B. Morse placed his apparatus while ex- perimenting with his telegraph, while the othe'r station wasestablished in the buildings of New York University.Frendly relations were established between Bronxville andGreenwich Village through the recent initial trip of Miss Kath- leen Burns, to Washington Square. Miss Burns came in thelate? afternoon just at a time to witness that wonderful violettwilight settle upon the Washington Square arch, and shethought that next to Bronxville Greenwich Village and theSquare was the only real place on the map. Outside' of beingmistress of a blue-ribbon Airdale, a golf champion, and daughterof William J. Burns, the detective, she has a very promisingvoice and will be heard the 6th of January in her first appear- ance before a public audience, in the Little Thimble Theatre. Bruno's Garret The exhibition of Ilonka Karasz' "Men, Women, Saints andThings" will continue until January 7th.On Saturday, the? 25th, Christmas Day, at 4 o'clock in theafternoon, will be a Christmas Tree lighted for you, if youwish to come.On Monday evening at 8 o'clock will be an informal talk on"Christmas, Old and New." Ilonka Karasz, the Hermit Painter Back of one of those old residences on Washington Place,which were built fifty or sixty years ago and succeeded in pre- serving their one-family-home character, in a tiny back yard,is a tiny house. It couldn't have been a stable and it cannotbe a garage because there is no other access but through thereception room of the residence in front of it, through thedining-room and the kitchen. Perhaps it served as store-house or as wood-shed. To-day it is a hermitage. Miss Karasz choseit for living-place and studio combined. She painted the wallsand the window sills and its furniture and its floors. Thepaintings on her easel and here and there on the walls harmonizewith it in color and style."I'd like to live somewhere out in the forest," she said tome after I had looked with surprise at the wonderful placidMadonna, and some ascetic and ecstatic saints right next tofashion plates and illustrations which you can see in Frenchillustrated periodicals and taking a walk on Fifth Avenue. "Iwould like to live all by myself; I would like to paint like this,"—and she pointed to the saints—"but before I can do that Ihave to do this"—and she pointed to the fashion plates.Miss Karasz has not been long in the United States. Twoyears ago she came from Hungary, because she wante'd to paint;she wanted to be free of the Old World prejudice of her Hung- arian home that women cannot compete with in art. Shewas the only woman art student in her town, and she founda good many limitations. Greenwich Village was just the place- with surroundings congenial to her. But as to the people: "Iknow hardly anybody," she said. "I am living here in this se- cluded little place I found. I work and I make occasional tripsto art editors."Her pictures are very simple. She doesn't crowd ideas andshe knows how to fill space. Her pictures speak to our eyes.There is a certain positiveness in her colors and lines whichis unusual and which creates dignity and grandeur, even be the'subjects trivial and piquant. Books and Magazines of the Week Among all the "Christmas Covers" of magazines and publi- cations I liked one the best, because it really carried the Christ- mas idea—not only holly and evergreen but what Christmasmeant toman and should mean toman: peace on earth. Andall the doves and Christmas trees and boys with Christmas toysdo not express the spirit of the Christmas 1915, the Christmasfor which millions were praying. It was a picture on "Reedy'sMirror," the St. Louis weekly magazine of William MarionReedy. A battlefield, all in snow. One of those big 42 centi- meter guns gaping towards the? clear blue skies, and Santa Clauslooking down into the terror-emitting muzzle. The cheerful redof his coat and of his cap seems to cover the man-murderingopening. It looks as thought he had "put the lid" upon thatcannon, as though he would silence the bloodthirsty roaringand reinstate "Peace on Earth and Good Will Toward Men." The Egoist "The Egoist" is about the only journal which reaches ourshores from England which doesn't seem to be infected by thebacillus of war. The December issue contains "Extracts fromthe Letters of a Prisoner of War," written from a concentra- tion camp in Germany and illustrating in a characteristic way the occupation of an artist and literateur during his imprison- ment. There is another installment of Richard Aldington's"Translation Series." "Latin Poems of the Renaissance" whichappears simultaneously in pamphlet form in his "TranslationSeries." The Bang The December 20th issue of this weekly, edited by AlexanderHarvey, contains an excellent story by the editor, "A Banquet."Mr. Harvey reminds one, in his short stories, very much of Am- brose Bierce of twenty years ago. Some of his iconoclasticsentences are worthy to be printed by The Roycrofters uponhand-made, deckel-edged paper and to be used as wall mottoes.For instance, here is one: "It seemed unmanly to obey, until the?others in the procession had set me the example." Sherwood Sacrifice Sale A book catalog drifted onto my desk which calls itself "TheSherwood Sacrifice Sale List." Among the sacrifices, OscarWilde's plays are listed as "Erotica," right above "The De- cameron" of Boccaccio, other erotica are letters of John Keatsto Fanny Brown. What a sensation-thirsty, calculating, know- nothingness among our book dealers! The Little Paper Also speaks Esther Griffin White, the only woman in theUnited States who founded, edits and publishes a political maga- zine of her own:The editor of The Little Paper's idea of nothing to do is to belongto the Association for the Prevention of Woman's Suffrage. Or what- ever its name is.These women are worse than anarchists.They're a set of feminine Judases.They're selling their embryonic votes for a head-line and damningtheir civic souls for their pictures on the front page.A parcel of old feminine grouches these.Sandwiched by others who have tried to and couldn't or didn't.Scratch the surface and you'd possibly find a set of women whowant publicity and limelight activities and found the best way toachieve that end was to organize "agin" suffrage. Bruno Chap Books The December issue, th£ last number of the second volume,is a collection of D. Molby's "Everyday Musings," called bythe author, significantly, "Hippopotamus Tails." D. Molby isknown to the reader's of Bruno's Weekly as the keeper of thgmicroscope of the macrocosm and his observations are delight- fully naive or cynically sarcastic—just as you please.Among the ne?w poets who have drifted lately into the garretis H. Thompson Rich. His "Lumps of Clay" are a rather dis- tinctive collection of Imagist poems. While the influence ofthe Imagists of England upon him cannot be denied, jn thisvolume, the January issue of Bruno Chap Books containing hissixteefn war poems, "The Red Shame" show him as an individualof emotions and of ability to paint his emotions expressivelyas well as impressively. The Red Shame By H. Thompson Rich Plea JF we must fight,Then let us fight so madlyWe shall not feel the pain;If we must kill,Then let us kill so sadlyWe shall not wear the stain—If we must die,Then let us die so gladlyWe shall not die in vain! The Soldier's Omen A SILENT Figure walks the skiesAll day;He has a solemn look and wise,They say.A silent Figure walks the skiesAll night;He has a sorrow in His eyes,They write.A silent Figure walks the skiesIn pain;He has a solemn look and wise;He has a sorrow in His eyes;He suffers, and He dies, He dies—Again. Dead Men's Eyes By Guido Bruno But surely he? must have done something those four years.He thought and thought. But there was nothing he couldremember. Rooming houses, lodging houses, benches in theparks, cells in the police stations, saloons and meeting hallsand talk. Talk and talk and talk. But didn't they want tomake the world better? Didn't they want to destroy thepresent order of things? The present order ofthings—these words began to make things grow clearer inhis mind. He shuddered.What had the dead man said before? he threw himselfdown on the bed? "There is truth and love."He said it was too late. "There is truth and love," Medakrepeated and shuddeted again. Was it possible that he hadbeen mistaken? He never doubted that there was love. Butwas there truth ? For four years he had told himse?lf: "Every- thing is a lie and she is the worst of liars."He looked in the broken mirror again. What had thesefour years made of a man full of ideals, full of enefrgy and1 who knew what he wanted and why he wanted it? Was ittoo late? He closed his eyes. He saw a brilliantly lightedballroom. Hundreds of candle's reflected their lights in pend- ant crystals of Venetian glass. He saw himself. How dif- ferent he looked! And he saw the dark-haired woman andthe other man. He saw himself asking the woman a question.The blood flamed in her cheeks. He insisted on her answer- ing. She refused. He? flung at her a terrible word and wentout into the darkness. He left the city and they never heardfrom him again."There is truth!" He could not forget what Tomek hadsaid. He turned to the dead man.,"You know what the Cossacks do when they want to findout the truth? They go into the dead man's chamber andpull down the lids of the dead man's eyes and they put thequestion to him. You know that, Tomek. You have; heardthem tell it in the evening when you were a boy and went inwhere the women spin. And if the eyes remain closed it isa lie. And if tkey open again it is the truth."He went to the bed. He drew the lids down over the big,bulging eyeballs. He looked at the placid white face."Dead man do not lie," he said. His voice quave?red andhis knees shook. At last he was to know if there is truth onearth. Dead man, tell me the truth. Was she guilty? WasI right? Did she betray me?"His hands fell with a convulsive grip to the shoulders ofthe dead man. He watched the eyes. The tenth of a secondthat the lids remained motionless was a long stretch of years,involving crises, introducing epochs. Then they began slowlyto open. He watched them. They rose until half the pupilwas exposed. They glared at him—those? sightless eyeballs.He sprang to his feet and stood motionless. He felt the sense- less misery of four years engulf him. He? fought with it. Hehad only one weapon in his struggle to regain himself.She was innocent. She was innocent.He said it over and over again, each time? realizing it moreand more. Finally he became calm. His body lost its rigid- ity. He walkefd steadily over to the window and let the sweetfresh air of the new-born day drive the smell of iodoformand clotted blood from the room. He turned out the gas.Then he opened Tomek's trunk. From out a jumble ofoapers, cravats, caps and soiled handerchiefs in the? top trayie selected the cleanest collar. In the bottom of thetrunk he found decent shoes, a well-made suit of clothes andeverything that he needed. He fitted a blade to Tomek'srazor and started to shave himself before the broken looking- glass. He lathered his face and began to feel like a humanagain. Wh&amp;i one side of his face was clean he was able tolook himself straight in the eye. And he saw at the sametime in the smaller portion of the broken mirror the imageof Tomek lying dead in the bed with the? sheet pulled upto his chin. And the staring eyeballs. He paused in hisvigorous strokes of the razor over his face."I'm going to take care of you," he said looking back overhis shoulder. "And theft I'm going to take care of myself.There is love. There is truth. And she is innocent." Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno "Kenneth, after you told me and left me that evening, it tookhours and hours to make me comprehend the situation. Onlythe thought of my mother prevented me from losing my beliefin all the women who ever had existed, exist and ever wouldexist. You remember that small room with the cheap iron bed?I'll never forget that room and that bed in my life. I waslying there dressed all night and I could hardly think. I wishedto cry and I couldn't. We men in the city have not often theoccasion to look at the rising sun. That night I looked withimmense interest as the black darkness started to become grayand grayer, how the mist of the twilight gave place to the younglight. How the things in the room started to shape themselvesfrom ill-proportioned masses to the articles well-accustomed tothe eye. I arose, washed myself mechanically and changed myclothes and went out. I saw the men with dinner pails hust- ling to their work. The shop keepers opened their shops andcoffee venders on the corner were selling their frugal break- fast to men who could not stop at home for their food."I saw the awakening of the big city where the sorrow of oneis drowned in the hustling business of thousands of others. AndI forgot myself. I thought of the many men and women suffer- ing as I suffered. I remembered that I was a physician and Ithought of the sufferers whom I could relieve. I stood at thecorner of a busy crossing, the elevated rumbling over my head,the surface car screeching on the rails. I stood still. It was theturning point in my whole life. From that time on, you knowhow I worked."You know, too, how successful I was. And you know howlittle I cared for the money. I forgot what it was, and I workedand worked and waited for a great Something, which might comeinto my life and cause a big change. I never attempted to pic- ture what it might be, but I was sure it would come. I wassure my life would be only the frame for the beautiful master- piece-painting putin as the Soul to give me harmony again."* * *Heavy raindrops splashed rhythmically on the window. Awhistling wind was raving in the dry branches of some trees.Thunder bellowed and rolled away. It sounded like the cry ofa solitary lion in an African desert, heard by a thirsty man whohad lost his way. The quick lightning flashed through the thickdarkness in front of the windows and illuminated the sad sceneryof Autumn's dying nature. As though in a dream, lost in histhoughts, Courtland stood facing his friend but not consciousof his presence. He looked at those bookshelves filled withold, time-worn volumes, at the picturesque arrangement of troph- ies and bric-a-brac. Each had a story and he had ofte?n list- ened as a boy to the father of the man who was sitting beforehim in the big chair by the table, telling strange tales of faraway countries. He knew those strange-looking men and women in the heavy gold frames by name. His eye rested on a pictureevidently new; it was a woman with a girl's face, with bigeyes and a peculiar smile about her mouth. He looked at hera long time. He had never seen this picture before; it musthave been a new one, newly placed among the pictures of hisfriend's ancestors and relatives. He hadn't seen this face forten years. But there was no emotion in him. He looked andthe features of the woman's face seemed to become misty; theyseefrned to transform and he saw a face which he hadseen day and night during the last six days. There was thatpeculiar twinkle in her eyes. He looked again but thevision was gone and there was only the sister of his friend.He sank very heavily into the deep chair near the window.Water was streaming down the French plate-glass anda few drops glowed opalescent in the light of the lamp on thetable. For a long time he sat without moving out of his posi- tion. Suddenly he awoke as though from a long deep sleep.He gazed about in the room. His friend was seated at the table.He seeme'd to be in deep thought. He crossed to the table andtook the seat opposite him. He gazed a while at his friend."You must forgive me, Kenneth. I invited you to spend aquiet evening with me and be happy. I wanted to be happy and Iwanted you to be happy. I wanted to tell you the tale of the newhappiness which I meant was in store for me. I don't knowwhat you may think of my conduct tonight but, for God's sake,don't think that I have lost mjr mind. I'm quiet now, perfectlyat ease. Only it was so hard to realize that there is no truthin the face of a charming woman and that beautiful dreamsmust be shattered and that there is no happiness in the world—at least for me.""Don't you think you'd better not talk about these things?"interrupted Kenneth in a low tone. "You must have gonethrough some terrible experience during the short time since weleft your office. I'm so sorry, Courtland. I wish I could helpyou. I wish I could share those horrible thoughts that you havehad in the last few hours. I wish I could relieve your mindand tell you that you are mistaken." Ilonka Katasz "I got soldiers and candy and things," he said .... RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSESAT k QTAD Broadway and 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Eve'g at 8:20THE /tu 1 v/f\ Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Saturday at 2:00Geo.M. Cohan's HIT-THE-TRAILAMERICAN HOLLIDAYPLAY With FRED NIBLO as " BILLY HOLLIDAY"AT P AMI\I ITD 42d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE Eve'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great All-American CastAT I A PDI? 48th Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE Eve'g, 8:30. Matinees,Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEINIn TRllJMPHdy The Great Lover The Oasisof Washington SquareTea RoomIce Cream ParlorCigars and CigarettesBeneath Bruno's GarretROSSI BROS., Prop'rs BronxOpera House149th St., E. of 3d Ave.Best in the Bronxand Better ThanHalf the Theatresin ManhattanWeek of Dec. 27thThe Cohan &amp; Harris Hit"Young America"