Bruno's Weekly 2 23 June 10th, 1916 naaq_1916-06-10_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 23 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Ideals Tom Sleeper cre 3 Last Season's Broadway Successes. G. B cre 3-4 Jingo I, Emperor of Monkeydom After the German of "Simplicissimus" in Simplicissitnus, by Guido Bruno cre 4-6 Balloons—by Clara Tice Illustration 6 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 7 Hatred Discarded Victor Meric cre Translated for Bruno's Weekly by Renee de Lacoste cre 7-9 FIRST HOBO—"Yes, there is whiskey which makes you 9 Patchin Place James Waldo Faivcett cre 10 In the Subway Charles S. Sonnenschein cre 10 Military Honour 10 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 11 ■'■■■■■■■■ iiitm.nuniiii Hi——-— MM Bill Win Jit J JILBJL-i UIiIIIMLMJ&amp;AI 11 111 I I 1111l 111 ■11 HIM—BM 11 On the Sober Side of the Bar Cat's Paw cre 11-12 In Our Village 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week. 13-14 The Storosh Otto Ischyk cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 14-16 Untitled Image Illustration 16 QNCE in a while Dimond Crisp cre 17 Dies Irae Dies Ilia Cat's Panu cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents June 10th, 1916w. * a. Copyright by Guido Bruno, June 10th, 1916. Origi»il znattef,inducing all drawinss, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guide Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 24 JUNE 10th, MCMXVI. Vol, 11. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of Ma /-ohid, 1879. Ideals Tom Sleeper. ""THERE lie my Ideals, bruised and broken on the battlefieldof experience. All of them—there is not one left—chokedand withered by the poisonous gases of Reality:See them—they are funny, truly.Faith in mankind; faith in God—friendship—woman—andthe rest. The silly show!Yet somehow, I feel there must be one that has escaped—one that I do not comprehend. How else could my heartsing with the poppies nodding in the sunlight as I go aboutmy daily tasks? Last Season's Broadway Successes. G. B. ""THE season closed and Broadway is preparing for its nextyear's musical successes. Is it clever advertisement oris there nothing else to be said about these musical comedies?But vainly did I scan the newspaper reports and reviews of"music critics" in our daily papers, to find out what theseshows all are about. Thousands of dollars of costumes,wonderful lighting effects, marvelous scenery, beautiful girls,a chorus "imported" from some foreign country noted forthe beauty of its women—all this under the heading of musicalcomedy. Where is the comedy and where is the music?Reading these newspaper reports of the opening nights,I am very much reminded of my only trip to Coney Island,in those good old days of about ten years ago; of the pro- fessor in front of a gorgeous monumental building proclaim- ing "Here is the world, look at the world, the whole worldjust as it is! The world with its beauty and its ugliness.With its romances and its tragedies, with its happiness andits misery! Here is the world, come and look at it, don'tmiss it—it's only twenty-five cents!" And I paid my twenty- five cents and seated myself comfortably in a plush-coveredopera chair among hundreds of others who paid their quar- ters. The curtain rose upon a scene which was a masterpieceof stage painting. A huge table was in the middle of thestage, covered with black diamond-embroidered velvet. Agentleman in immaculate dress elaborated in half an hour'sspeech the assertions of the professor outside of the show- house. Garlands of good-looking girls whose dresses hadnot climbed quite high enough, and not descended quite lowenough, were an interesting background back of the table.Suddenly the house was darkened. The diamonds on theblack velvet cover sparkled in the brilliant spotlight. Themusic stopped playing. Slowly and carefully the table wasuncovered. There lay the world before us—unquestionably the world, with all its tragedies and all its romances. TheWorld, the daily paper, you could have bought for a pennyanywhere. Of course, we were stung. But we liked to bestung. And we sent our friends to be stung, too.The makeup might be different, but the show and the musicare the least things considered by our theatrical managerswhen producing the comedies of our new seasons. To lookfor a new plot in the comedy or for a new motif in the musicwould be fruitless. But our public is so accommodating, theyknow they are stung. They are happy because they arestung, and therefore, they will send their friends. And thatmusical comedy was a howling success of last season onBroadway.The operette is designed to solve the tenseness imposedupon us by the routine of the day. But it really is: an over- ture of "a night out," the prelude to all the happeningshereafter.It isn't healthy. It is foreign to the lives of most of us,it is too tense in itself to afford us relaxation. It is an over- dose of a stimulant taken mostly by the wrong kind of peopleat the wrong time in wrong places. Therefore, the musicalcomedy on Broadway is not a popular institution of themasses. It is not, and never can be, an important part in thelives of people. The American people are healthy and mor- bidness in all its phases is hated as well as an empty pocket- book.Some day we will have a distinctly "American show." Anduntil that time our showhouses will be costly curios and notpopular institutions. Jingo I, Emperor of Monkeydom After the German of "Simplicissimus" in Simplicissitnus, by GuidoBruno. the monkeys was one named Jingo, who was dis- pleased with every kind of While the others wereworking for their daily bread in the sweat of their brows, hewas lounging around lazily. And finally lie came to theconclusion that he was better than his fellow-monkeys, be- cause he was not following the plough on hot days andbecause his hands were not hard and horny from toil. Itseemed to him that he had been chosen by Nature to obtainhis food for nothing and to be master over all others. Andto confirm this opinion he placed a crown upon his head.A few monkeys who thought his laziness super-fashionablekept htm company and loafed with him on working days.Jingo lauded them for this, and one day he decided to makethem princes and counts and barons, and he arranged aspecial ceremony to solemnly make friendly loafers membersof his order.This was the origin of kingdoms and aristocracies amongmonkeys under Jingo the First. They permitted their nailsto grow long. They wriggled their tails in a most peculiarfashion and they curled their belly-hair with curling-irons.Now these distinctions would have been very nice andpleasant if the working-monkeys would only have paid at- tention to them, but danger was imminent and it seemed asif they would soon have to give up their doings or starve.In this embarrassment the laziest among them all, monkeyBimms, who later on called himself Fidelis, invented aningenious plan which enabled them to fill their paunchesgrafuitously as long as they lived, and to pass their livesin abundance of everything they desired. He said that theywould have to invent a god, to be placed supposedly abovethe monkey-world, and that they would have to. declarethemselves the special envoys and darlings of this god, andthat the people would have to be taught that only the great- est devotion to themselves could make monkeys blessed,and that god's darlings had to be fed as long as they lived,with the best and most nutritious foods; that they had a rightto every tenth cocoanut and that they must not work underany circumstances, as this would prevent them from prayingand from ruling. vBimms, or Fidelis the First, undertook hereafter to be ateacher of the people; he knew that monkeys could be madedumbfounded by appearances and therefore he as- sumed a holy-like air; cut his hair and shaved it off. Laterhe went around shedding many tears and sighing deeply, andhe spread broadcast the story that he was commissionedby the mysterious god to preach contrition among his fellowmonkeys and to educate them to be believing creatures. Hepainted with glowing colors the terrible fate of such whowould not believe him.The poor monkeys, who were always busy and had notime to think about such things, were terrified by the wordsand tears of Bimms-Fidelis. And because they hoped to leada more beautiful life after their death, they were more thanwilling to make it pleasant for the darlings of god duringtheir lifetime.Everybody who consented to give the tenth cocoanut andotherwise to help god's darlings to fill their paunches withgood things, was blessed by Bimms-Fidelis with speciallyprepared words. They were publicly lauded and an amazinglyhappy time promised them after their death. And so it cameto pass that soon many monkeys took the oath of everlastingloyalty to Jingo and Bimms.Of course there were still some left who resisted and whowould not believe, but the number of believers had becomeso large that the doubters could be treated in a peculiarlydreadful way. They kept their tails on burning coals untilthey believed in the new god. They racked their limbs intorture-chambers; they hung them; they cut off their heads,burned them and quartered them, until finally religion becamethe common property of the monkeys.And now there started a wonderful life for Jingo the Firstand his nobility and also especially for Bimms-Fidelis andhis followers. They were laying around on silk pillows, hadtheir flies fanned off and their vermin removed.They were not at all thankful for the gifts brought to themby the working people but they were very severe and veryhard on their supporters in order to sustain their tyrannies. Whenever they were suspicious that diligence and care wereslacking down, Bimms-Fidelis let his God lighten and thun- der; let him hail and rain stones, and he transformed everynatural event into a punishment of the offended deity. Healso smothered every desire of learning and declar'ed stupiditya divine institution. 112In such a way, he, as well as Jingo the First, increasedhis claim from year to year. And the poor working peoplenow had for their worst worry, the task of how to satisfythe demands of the elected of god. Still harder was it forthe progeny. From childhood they had been reared in pietyand reverence before the mighty monkeys who ruled. Theirorigin had been forgotten. Everybody had grown up instupidity and therefore the fear of the mysterious powerincreased. The sons of Jingo became more aggressive anddesirous of everything they could get hold of. So did thedisciples of the ingenious Bimms and the progeny of thearistocracy.They now themselves believed in all the idolatries ofFidelis; they believe in their own exclusiveness and in boththey found justification to claim more and more.They are still increasing their claims from day todaysomewhere in the Empire of Monkeydom. Balloons—by Clara Tice Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Chateau Margaux is a power within the succulent grapeThat made thee, stronger than all human power.It baffles death in its exulting hour,And leaves its victim'fortune to escape.Thy cheering drops can magically drapeAtrocious thoughts of doom with bloom and flower,Turning to laughing calm care's torment sour,And flooding dreams with many a gentle shape.Ecstatic hope and resurrection lieIn thy consoling beauty, and whene'erPale mortals sip thee bringing soothing peace, 1I see a blue and orange-scented skyA warm beach blest by God's untainted air,Circling the snowy parapets of Nice! Chartreuse Vert J-JOW . strange that thy enrapturing warmth shouldcomeFrom the chill cloister of the prayerful monk,To cheer the desolate heart in misery sunk,And warm the lips that sorrow has made dumb!Thou bring'st the merry twitter of birds that hum,The soul's sweet exodus of song, whbn shrunkExpands again, when, all thy sweetness drunk,Illumes the blood grown impotent and numb.And when I see thee, I most fondly dreamThou must have been the genius and the slaveThat led Aladdin in the legend oldDown thro' dim passages to goals extreme,And in the arcana of a hidden caveHave shown him marvelous treasuries of gold! Hatred Discarded By Victor Meric. (Translated for Bruno's Weekly by Renee de Lacoste.) SCENE I.—ln the Council Chamber. A UNION DEPUTY :—Gentlemen, I shall go on with myproofs! The syndicalists are incompetent, ignorant beings,lunatics! They do not know a thing about Socialism. Theyclaim to represent the working class when in reality three- fourts of them have long ceased to be workers. They prac- tice Sabotage which is a monstrosity. They incite workers tostrike, which is an infamy. They declare themselves unpa- triotic, which is a crime. We wish to have nothing in com- mon with those people. (Lively applause from the heart ofthe assembly).SECOND DEPUTY:—To be sure, I hold the same viewsas my colleague. (Good! Good! from the left.) I will go evenfurther. By their criminal inciting, by their inadmissable un- derhand dealings, the revolutionists, the anarchists, the syndi- calists this abominable gang become sport fo rthe bourgeoisand are working against the Social revolution which we wantlegal and pacific. No more strikes, gentlemen, no more futiledisturbances. We loudly repudiate those faithless brothers.We no longer want to side with them. Better still, we aredecided to stand against them at every opportunity. (Theextreme left gives the speaker an ovation.)THE VOICE OF THE MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY(From the depths of a cell.)—Now, then! Are you all mad?What ails you suddenly? Flow dare you indulge in such crit- icism before your opponents? Do you not see that notwith- standing the divergencies of method and of tactics you are allaiming toward the same goal? Come now! Let us have union,let us have peace! All of you must unite if you wish to avoidmaking yourselves inevitably a laughing stock. The revolu- tionary syndicalists haVe their bad points, but they also havetheir good ones. They teach the workingmen organizationon the economic basis and they train them to rely entirelyupon themselves, through violent methods. Instead of at- tacking them, help them. It will be better, so . . . enough INo more grudges. No more hatred! All unite for the Revo- lution !FIRST DEPUTY—Who is this intruder?SECOND DEPUTY—He is a poor lunatic, a character ofBlangui's and Pavashol's type who goes on preaching the dis- carding of hatreds and manages to keep in prison the wholeyear round.THE MOB—He annoys us! Down with him! Spit onhim! Down with him! SCENE II._At the Federation of Labor. THE SECRETARY OF SYNDICALISM—Comrades, Iwish to proceed with my demonstration. The elected Social- ists are incompetent; they are ignorant beings, lunatics. Theydon't know the first thing about the interests of the prole- tarians. They claim to represent the interests of Socialism,when in reality they are perfect bourgeois. They make use ofthe ballot, which is ridiculous; they invent laws which is hate- ful; sometimes they cast in a vote for the Government andprove thereby their utter lack of responsibility. We mosthighly desire to have nothing in common with these people.SECOND SECRETARY—To be sure, I hold the sameviews as my comrade (Bravo! Bravo!) I go even further.By their insane caution, by their guilty compromises the unit- ed ones, the elected as well as the militant, the whole name- less gang, becomes sport for the bourgeois and are workingagainst the Social revolution, which we will cause to takeplace as soon as we become the strongest. No more ballot,citizens! No more deputies, no more candidates! We loudlyrepudiate these so-called brothers, who have broken faith. Wedo not want to be classed with them any longer.(The audience is in a frenzy).THE VOICE OF THE MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY(From the depths of a cell.)—What ails you suddenly? Howdare you indulge in such criticism just when your enemies are watching all your dissentions? Do you not see that notwith- standing the divergencies of method and of tactics you are allaiming toward the same goal? Come now! Let us have union!Let us have peace! All of you must unite if you wish to avoidmaking yourselves inevitably a laughing stock. The socialistmembers of parliament have their bad points, but they alsohave their good ones. They harass the bourgeois and extortfrom them reforms, concessions, by which you profit. Insteadof attacking them, help them. It will be better so. No moregrudges! No more hatred! All unite for the Revolution.FIRST SECRETARY—Who is this intruder?SECOND SECRETARY—A poor fanatic of Christ andJaure's type, who goes on preaching the discarding of hatred,and manages to keep in prison the whole year round.THE MOB—Remove him! Down with him! Hiss him!Drown him! SCENE III.—Cast Arms Aside! THE MOB-—Bravo! Good! Hurrah for So-and-So! Longlive Somebody! No more hatred! Let us throw down ourarms! Hurrah! Hurrah!A SECRETARY OF SYNDICALISM—Brothers! We allmust unite!A UNION DEPUTY—LTnite, brothers!A SYNDICALIST—Brother Socialist shake!A SOCIALIST—Let us embrace, brother anarchist!THE MOB—Hurrah! Hurrah! Let us unite. Let us dis- card our hatred. Let us face our common foe!A VOICE—There is the enemy! Just look at the scoundrel,the scurvy fellow who caused us so much harm. Down withthis bandit.(The man without a country enters. His beard and hishair are gray. He is bound with fetters.)THE MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY—Brothers . . .Brothers, listen to me . . .!THE MOB—Down with him! Death to him!THE UNIONIST—He criticized our methods.A SYNDICALIST—He attacked our theories.THE MOB—Down with him! The bandit! The wretch!The maniac! Hang him! .Kill him! Tear him to pieces!Commotion. They rush upon the man without a country.They drag him by the hair. They cut off his head and hold itup on a bayonet. Shouts of joy. Socialists, liberals, syndi- calists, united, stamp on his body. Hatred is discarded.)CURTAIN. FIRST HOBO—"Yes, there is whiskey which makes youhappy and there is whiskey which makes you sad."SECOND HOBO—"Sure thing, but you give me thedough and every whiskey makes me happy." Patchin Place James Waldo Faivcett. IT was the afternoon of a gaudy holiday. My tiny streetwas silent save for the thin cries of a little group ofchildren playing in the far end. All my neigbors, possessedof new raiment or new patriotism, were abroad for the day.I was alone save for the far prattle of the children. Mylithe, white-bodied little friend, ruby-tipped between myfingers, burned low; reverie hung about me. And I wasappreciative of the peace and quiet of it all. My work didnot attract me. I sat, idly dreaming, at the open window.Suddenly, somewhat down the street, I heard sweet, gaymusic. A violin, touched by a practiced artist's hand, singingof old days in far lands. My eyes closed neath its arabesquewitchery, and my soul went out across boundless seas intonew worlds of beauty and light and joy. Swift, fresh windscaught me up in their fragrant arms and carried me on andon through myriads of earths and planets into a never-neverplace of sheer delight. I was a child again, full of naivewonder at my pleasure. I was a lover again, in the firstfull charm of tender thought and feeling. I was a playeragain in the world of paint and canvas. I sang as of old,the answering chorus of the whispering melody. I dancedwith keen happiness. I swam in opal seas beneath a crystalsky of summer blue. The song spun o.n, ana on, and on,into the wild aisles of eternity, and did not die. Oh, happyvision! When the music faded, I looked out of my window.A brief distance away he stood, a ragged, crippled, mendicantwith a tarnished fiddle. Children danced around him. In the Subway Charles S. Sonnenschein. A RUSH and a crush resoundForth with a boundLeaps the sturdy steed.A whirr and a halt . . .They are bound.A rush and a crush, they partWhirr again, halt again—It is "dear heart." Military Honour pREDERICK WILLIAM, father of Frederick styled theGreat, relates Thiebault, having struck an officer onparade, the latter stopped his horse, and drawing one of hispistols, said: "Sire, you have dishonored me, and I musthave satisfaction;" at the same time he fired the pistol overthe king's head, exclaiming: "That is for you." Then draw- ing the other, and aiming it at his heart, said: "This is forme;" and shot himself dead on the spot. The king neverstruck an officer afterward. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. The height of wisdom is to know the depth of yourignorance.Its brightest scholars are always satisfied with the briefestcourse in the school of experience.A bachelor girl, whatever her career or renown, is as trueto Nature's design as a barren apple-tree.This Bacon-Shakespeare squabble seems to be just a caseof "Much Ado About Nothing"—much for Bacon to do, ifhe had Bill handy, and easy enough for Bill anyway so longas he had bacon enough; so there's really "Nothing much"to make any "Ado" about.Your friend is he who flees you not when your world isfull of terrors and your soul is full of fears.The main trouble with consistency is: it's as common ascommon-sense. ■'■■■■■■■■ iiitm.nuniiii Hi——-— MM Bill Win Jit J JILBJL-i UIiIIIMLMJ&amp;AI 11 111 I I 1111l 111 ■11 HIM—BM On the Sober Side of the Bar Cat's Paw. npHE stairway and the narrow hails are lined with menand women talking in strange tongues and undoubtedlydescendants of that indestructible race which has been en- gaged during the last two thousand years in accumulatingall the silver pieces in existence. In a room with manybenches, the ideal corner of the money-changers, as men- tioned in the New Testament, seems to have come to lifeagain.A greasy fat man, whose features swam in the superfluousfat of his cheeks and of his three chins, sat in the chair ona rostrum intended for a justice-tender to dispense justice toman.And there he sat sleeping. Every once in a while he wouldjerk himself up and look with his little pig's eyes contemtu- ously at some witness in the witness-box or at some Caiaphas,or he would listen to the whisper of his helpers andnod his head, or lean his fingers lazily against the foun- tain pen someone offered him, and.he would sign his nameto a document, perhaps a scrap of paper that would wrecka man's life and collect rent for the landlord. And all thetime complainants complained, and defendants defended andwitnesses took oaths, and then a stenographer wrote it alldown stupidly in his white little book, and the air was filledwith betrayal and with drudgery and with slavery. Thehelper would knock with his hammer and remind the money- changers that they were in the House of Justice. Like amonster was he sitting there, that judge; dozing, Tjored,silent, without interest, seemingly blank and destitute ofany human feelings; not betraying the slightest attentionto anybody or anything; dozing, fat, with a paunch like a faun, hands stained with their deeds, eyes with empty looks,which didn't dare to meet the eyes of the defendant. Heis sitting there; honored, earning his daily bread.And such bread!No wonder he has a paunch and three chins hansrincr down,and sagging eyes, dozing—dozing—until he meets his judge.He will not meet him in Money-Changers Dorado in anearthly House of Justice.What a dreadful judgment will be issued on this judge'sJudgment day! In Our Village J7RANK HARRIS is undoubtedly the busiest man on theSquare. While his recently finished two volumes of"Oscar Wilde and his Confessions" are just about to see thelight of the world, he is engaging himself immediately onwriting a new book; one that is American and very up-to- date. It deals with the Mexican problem on the Americanborder line. But it is the problem of one individual, suchas has to be solved by the individual himself. There arerumors that "The Saturday Review," his famous Londonpaper, noted all over the English-speaking world for theimportant part it secured for itself in the history of Englishletters of the nineties, will be revived by him with new vigorin New York. Goodness knows that we are in sore needof an ably-edited critical review, which deals with life, artand letters of our day, untainted by faction politics and un- influenced by the troubles of other nations; in short of anAmerican paper which reflects our own times and our owncontemporaries without benevolent supervision from acrossthe water.The Fifth Ayenue Coach Company is using WashingtonSquare, the entire area from Fifth Avenue down to Thomp- son Street, including the children's playgrounds back ofthe fountain, as a terminal station and car park. I don'tknow if their franchise grants them the right to rope offour park into sections and assemble there hundreds of pros- pective fares in waiting line, until they get a chance to occupyone of the twenty-four seats on top of each bus. Thirty-fivethousand children of Greenwich Village have as playgroundonly Washington Square, and it doesn't seem fair to deprivethem, especially on Sundays and holidays, of the few hoursoutdoor play granted +hem by our city administration.Mrs. Thompson's shop on Thompson Street, right aroundthe corner of the Garret, will not close its doors for thesummer, but will afford the opportunity to the many touristsand strangers who visit the Village to see the quaint andartistic things Mrs. Thompson assembles on the walls andthe shelves of her little store.Heloise Haynes, she of the "Wardrobe," left last week for her summer home in Massachusetts, accompanied byMike, her big, almost humanly-intelligent pup."House Beautiful" is in the habit of sending one of. itsrepresentatives down to the Village every once in a while,and Mrs. Russell came last week to see what the artistsand shopkeepers of the Village did anew since her last tripto New York.Anton Hellman entangled some nabob of Long Islandin his interior decorating meshes and therefore he isseen in the Village only when he is racing about imaginehim racing about—to discover some new never-dreamt-ofcolor atrocities.Alice Palmer, who is presiding behind the counter of "TheVillage Store" since the proverbial stove had been removeduntil next winter, had some gorgeous straw hats embroideredand painted, on dispaly. They are worth while viewing; sobig are they and so unusual.Tom Sleeper distinguished the Village by a visit last Mon- day. He descended from his New Jersey mountains speciallyfor the purpose of acquiring a new straw hat. He couldn tfind just the thing that he wanted and so he had to repair,much to his sorrow, to one of the uptown emporiums. Books and Magazines of the Week. Remating Time . ""THERE is just one other book, published in the UnitedStates during the last few years, that entertains one /cover to cover like Jesse Lynch Williams' "Remating Time."It is that funny experience of an everyday American in thecastle of an English lord, as described by Julian Street, inone of his little books."Remating Time" is a good satire upon our divorce lawsand a quite plausible, even if unconventional, solution of theproblem of two divorced couples who not only wish tomaintain friendly relations after they have changed homesbut also wish to have the opportunity to have their childrenin their possession continuously.There is plenty of material in this little book to fill a good- sized novel, and because the author restrained from writingfour hundred £ages of tiresome descriptions, the story ispoignant and keeps one's interest from cover to cover.Charles Scribner and Sons are the publishers. Contemporary Verse The June number is devoted to children's verse. We dohope that children will not be subjected to the perusal ofthese verses. But as for poetical efforts of children theyare not as bad as they could be. Mother Earth Birth Control is the great issue of professional anarchismto-day. Emma Goldman had her trial, her sentence. She wrote her letters from prison (Little Review, Chicago) shevoiced her experiences of a fortnight in prison when- ever she had a chance orally or in writing and her magazineis devoted to her new cause entirely. Dr. Ben Reitman, herlieutenant and advance agent, shares the tribulations of hismentor in the seclusion of his prison cell. He was moreunfortunate, as a penalty of two months was imposed uponhim. A List of Angling Book-Plates Daniel B. Fearing compiled a checking list of AnglingBook-Plates, the very first one ever attempted. "AnglingEx Libris," he explains in his introduction "should exhibitone or several of the following: An angler, or a fisherman.Rod, or rod case. Line, leader, or tin for leaders. Float,Hook, or hooks. Flies Fly-hook. Bait. Bait-box, or can.Creel. Landing-net. Gaff-hook. Walton's Angler. An anglingquotation. A Flask, or a jug." The Pagan A new magazine, edited by Joseph Kling, and a good one.The May and June issues are on our desk and they containtranslations of a comedy by Arthur Scljnitzler, and a noveletteby Sologub. The editorial comments are quite feasible andin reach of everybody's mentality. Get a sample copy; itis worth while to see this individual effort of a group ofenthusiasts who chose with taste the contents of these twonumbers. The Storosh By Otto Ischyk Translated by Guido Bruno. said Vlastmil Gerastimov, the storosh, toLuka Lukashevitch "my aunt Vera Nicoliavna is sick,very sick. I doubt if she will live very much longer. To-daymight be the last chance I have to see her. Take mv olaceas watchman to-night. God will bless you for it and here issomething to keep up your courage during the long nightwatch. It is good stuff. It will just burn your tongue.""Go, in God's name" replied the farmer, taking the whiskeybottle, the lantern and the heavy fur-lined watchman's coat."Try to be back again to-morrow. You will have a pleasantjourney. The night is clear. I will just go home for amoment to tell my wife that I'll be storosh to-night. Godbe with you!"The farmer disappears into his house and the storoshmounts the troika. He "gees up" the horses and starts themon their journey.The air is quiet and cold. The light dies out in the farwest. The nightly wayfarers of the heavens are shiningbrightly.—Muffled in his fur coat, armed with lantern andstick, Luka Lukashevitch emerges from his home. He looksaround in all directions just to make sure that Nature isin order and then he consults for quite a while the bottle ofthe storosh. A last look at his home and he starts uponhis rounds. "It is a new whiskey which I never tasted before" thinksLuka Lukashevitch "Poor Gerastimov, perhaps his aunt isdead already. If she is dead, she knows more than we do,because we know not death. We see how our brothers andhow the days die, but how it is if the dead call for ourselves,we do not know yet. Really I forget how that whiskevtastes?"Luka Lukashevitch took another long drink and continuedhis journey."Perhaps his aunt will get well—or maybe he didn't go tosee her at all. To-morrow we shall know."The farmer reached the other end of the village. Theblack canopy of the heavens, strewn with glittering andflittering stars, is getting brighter. Behind the dense forestson the horizon rises the big red moon."How would it be," meditates the farmer, "if I viewed thevillage from that forest over there. There are only a fewsteps to take and I could be back in an instant; no one willknow and nothing will happen."And immediately he started upon his excursion and hedid not forget his whiskey bottle.Surely it is very nice in this world. My feet are movingby themselves. I feel warm. The earth is so fragrant, themoon is clear and one doesn't need a lantern. It isn't neces- sary to be afraid. If I should meet with a man now I wouldgive him a kopeck and a drink of whiskey and we would telleach other stories."arrival at the border of the forest is again a welcomeoccasion to reach for the bottle. Luke Lukashevitch seatshimself in the dewy grass and views the landscape.If it were in the summer the frogs would croak, but nowone can hear only the beasts in the village. Oh! I knowwho the dogs are and to-morrow I shall give each of thema kick It isn t good to be alone. Suppose a woman shouldappear—a beautiful woman.—Really it is better that I shouldgo. Something might happen in the village."The teacher Sergei Uljanov said once that there was aCzar in the moon and therefore they locked him up. Themoon is white, like the skin of a woman. Sonia is alone.1 wonder if she will sleep. And really it is beastly, not evenm the night does one have peace. 1 am not the storosh—lI believe I have lost my way."Ho! ho! This is funny. There is another moon rising—"But it was not another moon, but fire. The farmer realizesthis soon and he commences to run. The fur-coat is burden- some and he throws it away. Stick and lantern followquickly.Suddenly the ground under his feet slips away and he landsin a mud-hole."Holy Archangel," he screams, "My leg, my leg, surely1 must have broken it. Damn Gerastimov, just the davhis aunt had to die.Dear God, put me in your deepest Hell, but help me out ofthis mud-hole. Maybe my own house is on fire and Soniais in it Fear, and the cold air, quicken the process of sobering upand the farmer, Luka Lukashevitch, crawls on all fours tothe village.But on his arrival, the fire had completed its destruction.There hadn't been much to take—straw and some lumber.The news of his lost possessions made the farmer forgethis broken leg and he hurried to the place where his househad stood. He was looking frantically for Sonia. Shecouldn't have been with relatives because they all werearound him and stared at him with their stupid eyes."Brothers, help me to remove the smoking embers," quiet- ly asks the farmer of the curious bystanders. They do ashe asked them to do. It doesn't take long before they findwhat they were looking for. The brothers feel strangely.They cannot understand the farmer Luka Lukashevitch, whois kneeling quietly before Sonia's corpse. And the devil inthe form of one of the brothers steps near to the farmerand says: "Brother, don't you see? Just look, there, do yousee that second corpse lying there?"And the farmer views the second corpse half-covered upwith ashes and burnt articles.Long does he look with astonished eyes at that secondcorpse, then he murmurs peculiarly smiling: "I knew it allthe time; that I was not the storosh." Dimond Crisp. QNCE in a whileI sit with FateXfar offAnd watch Her ways with menAre truly amusing!A painter stricken blind—A woman fooled,A mother, whose only sonFails her—I smile at her wounded prideAnd grief. \The struggle of someThe ease of othersAlways misplaced.Suddenly my smile turns to laughterI throw back my head,Then lean forwardTo see better,The amusing antics of "Myself"And I am gratifiedThat all the disappointmentsAnd griefs I have enduredShould at least have given meOne moment's laughter!And gazing at Fate by my sideI am not surprisedTo find her a woman,And beautifulFor only a womanCould disperse her favoursWith such dainty trickery,And without blunder.Once in a whileI sit with FateAfar offAnd watch Dies Irae Dies Ilia Cat's Panu. IF I were an Irishman, living in Ireland, I would lock thedoors of my house and I would tighten the shutters infront of my windows. I would sit in my quiet, darkenedroom, and would shed tears for those brave men who lovedtheir country more than themselves; who are being martyredand nailed to the Cross, for what is nobler in man than thelove of one's mother; still nobler then the love of the govern- ment under which one is born and to which he has to swearallegiance; still nobler than the love of God.Those men who are facing their trial for treason becausethey loved their own country so dearly, let their hearts goout to their fellow-men; humanity based upon the freedomof the individual and the community, seemed more to themthan the gods put up in the small circle of an acknowledged,because cruelly imposed, yoke.I would sit there, in that Irish house on Irish soil, if Iwere an English subject, and would feel one in spirit withthe men who have died and are dying for the freedom oftheir country. Their death before the firing squad or atthe hands of the hangman, means more to the world thanthe deaths of millions murdered against their wishes in thetrenches. If I were English I would, feel that they hadcommitted treason against their country, but I would envythem because they had a great motive to live for and to diefor. And I would cherish their memory; cherish it in thatniche of my heart where I place upon a pedestal the menand women who have fought and died for the freedomof the world; for humanity among men; for the love oftheir fellow-creatures. I am not English. Here in Americaon American soil I am breathing the air purified by suchrebels as Washington and Tom Paine; Hamilton and Frank- lin. I am in a free country, unhampered by tyrant rule oftradition, that calls itself loyalty or patriotism.And I rejoice to live in a world which has sent such greatmen as those that were shot in English prisons last week.The sadness of the gigantic struggle in Europe seems to havewon a halo. For these were men and women who wantedfreedom and who wanted to die if they could not succeedin establishing a republic. They did not succeed in givingback to their country what had been taken away from it: theright of self-government. Like a phantom looms up a masterpainting from the loving brush of one master: A unitedEurope recognizing -the brotherhood of man and the right toliberty, following the leadership of men now called rebels,guided by them; the triumphs of mothers and wives and chil- dren, to peace. OSCAR WILDEHIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONSBy FRANK HARRIS Frank Harris (Publisher)3 Washington Square, New York City.Sir:-—Enclosed please find $ , for which•end to the undersigned copies of the autographededition ($20.00 per set) of Oscar Wilde, by Frank Harris,and copies of the regular limited edition at $10.00per set.NameAddress CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, on* dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'sSons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.*Mr. Keeler recitea selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In Mew York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates foffCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his hooks, addressLAURENCE J. GOMME §| JThe Little Bookshop Around the Cornert East 19th Street New York City Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. HOTEL BREVOORTFifth Arena*CAFE LAFAYETTEUnhreriity Place. RAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE**Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry*speaking of Gonfarone's in one of his unexcelled Green-wich Village Stories. GREENWICH VILLAGE INN(Polly's)147 WEST 4TH STREETBetween Washington Sq. &amp;6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining RoomFrom the making ef a lamp tethe creation of a period roomthere is a right way and a wrongway. The problems of your ownhonse may be answered bysaltingANTON HELLHAITSO West Washington SquareSpring 6840Sport Hats, Artist Smock Sets,Masque. CostumesFor town and country.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St. nr. 6th Ave. Phone Spring 23 N. Y.ARTISTIC CUSHIONSIncluding wool embroidery.Unique and original designs inpatchwork. Cushions made teorder. Call or write SessersStudio Co., 82 Wash. PL, N. Y.Spring 1076. IWANTED yon to know that at 00Washington Square South lalocatedTELE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on displaymany odd pieces of Brasses, Pet-tery9 Furniture And Souvenirs#Honrs 10.80 till 0 p. m. Satur-days 10 p. m.T. D. COXStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y.JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring workneatly done. Dry cleaning ofLadies* Suits, Gowns, Wraps,etc., a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITION.Istn DlwtnMi Baoka. Itrly Printed Book*. Im&gt;iil«tlwi Books*Boe&amp;s for Christmas GiftsFawtowl daily or la acta (or paepl* who bars aslthsr tla» aer oppottaaltjr to selset for th«ma«lT*a, or for thoaa who htro aot aeeses to 31k *host beok marts. Why aot hsgia eollsctlngr aowTAddress, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mas For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, 8mPEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AIID INSURANCE40 So. Washington Squat &lt;Telephone 41 il SpringCor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookINWH I C Hvet say just vukat %ve think. Published every month by N orman-BGeddes at 75f Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. it it a litibook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, end libraries; autographletters of known literary men end artists, drawings,pictures end engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCO Furnished Studio ApartmenWANTED for three monthsWashington Sq. preferred.Write to S. M. CLARKEcare of Bruno's Weekly, SiWashington Sq., N. Y. C. There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Discat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yea, with •«compliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stayvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. £diso»