Bruno's Weekly 3 7 July 29th MCMXVI naaq_1916-07-29_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 7 Prisecillia Alden Delano Illustration 1 To James Whitcomb Riley William Lightfoot Visscher cre 3 Permanent Peace: Is It a Dream? Sadakichi Hartmann cre 3-5 Sadakichi Hartmann Illustration 5 How England Helped the Southern Confederacy 5-6 Poe and O. Henry G. B cre 6-7 Bronze Memorial Tablet, the work of Lorada Taft, placed in the State Administration Building, Raleigh, N. C. Illustration 7 Sundays are so welcome because they come only once 7 Builders of the World Tom Sleeper cre 8 Mother and Son Mother Cat's Paw cre 8 The Star-Gazer Charles Gorham Barney, Jr cre 8 Jefferson Market Prison 8 To be misunderstood by the masses is more disagreeable 8 Man and "Woman" A Commplace Drama by Henry Albert Phillips cre 9 Two Poems by Robert Carlton Brown of Orchid Fame 9 Just One Letter 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 James Whitcomb Ri 10 James Whitcomb Riley Illustration 10 Eugene Field, James Whitcomb Riley and Bill Nye, a hitherto unknown photo. Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Indiana's Dead Poet When the Booze is in the Bottle Reprinted from Bruno's Weekly, Oct. 30th, 1915 cre 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 The Poem 11 Henri Gaudier-Brzeska W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 12-13 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Jean Jaures On the Anniversary of his assassination cre Conrad Hausmann cre 13-14 The Diary of a Village Idler 14-15 In Our Village 15 On the Square Illustration 15 The world does not accept readily and with open arms 15 Books and Magazines of the Week 16-17 Others Illustration 17 After Paul Verlaine I. Ernest Dowson cre 17 A Fable from Washington Square James Waldo Fawcett cre 17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Jean Orrick Johns cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents July 29th, 1916W. &amp; G. tCopyright by Guido Bruna, July 29th, 1916. Original matte*,ittdodiitg alt drawing*, may not b« reproduced without permitfiottof Guido Bruno; but that permiwto« may be aHumed U creditto author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall nofius£ your name if you do not wish us to do so.■: 'There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor/' Bruno's Weekly,53 Washington Square, New York City. Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of themarriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 7 JULY 29th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916. by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 Wash- ington Square, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. Prisecillia Alden Delano To James Whitcomb Riley William Lightfoot Visscher I LEY, Poet, rich in fanciesAdept in the necromanciesOf the spells that charm the soul;Ah how deft you touch the heart-stringsPlaying strains of songs that Love sings,In the haunts where lovers strollRiley, you have made the "Hoosier"Grander than a Prince of PrussiaIn the halls where nobles dance;You have charted all the oceanOf the rustic's deep emotion;Made of common-place, Romance.Oh! Deqr Riley, 'tis a sorrowThat you may not have to-morrowFor the uses of your pen;That you may not write as yester;Indiana's strong, true Nestor,Greatest of her gifted men. Permanent Peace: Is It a Dream? By Sadakichi Hartmann has strolled through the palace of Ver- sailles, through the endless picture galleries, onesuite of roqms following the other, filled with nothing butbattle paintings and military scenes, mostly of enormoussize and mediocre workmanship, must have felt weary andamazed, a dull sort of Irritation and indignation, at thiswaste of effort and this persistent glorification of warfare.But a sojourn in Berlin proves even more nauseating inthis respect. On every square, at the end of every thor- oughfare looms some soldier monument, equestrian figure,victory column.; entire avenues are flanked with portraitstatues of former war heroes, as if the population weredevoted exclusively to the worship of Mars and Bellona.Even we, an unmilitary though not necessarily morepeace-loving nation (we have a record of eighteen warsand disturbances), insist on dotting out parks and squareswith hard bronze statues of military men, while poets,scientists, statesmen and philanthropists are thrown in onlyoccasionally for good measure.There is something strangely inconsistent about thishomage to fighting men, when we consider the troubledtimes of the past whenever violence became a necessityand joy over victories was mingled with sorrow and suf- fering. It seems that the fascination is primarily one ofthe senses. We all are fond of show and parades, buntingand flags, brass band and shouting, the excitement of the crowd. The accentuated measures of march music andpatriotic airs affect us like some physical stimulant; andthere is something irresistible in a man in uniform towomen, which even Bourgot could not explain. As foractual service! It is not fancied quite as much. Howmany of our German population have left home andfatherland to evade compulsory service! Still, there seemto be at all times plenty of young men who fancy an ad- venturous existence, and prefer to be provided for insteadof trying to make their own career. For her colonial war- fare Great Britain has no difficulty in recruiting a suffi- cient number of volunteers, and there is no gainsay thatTommy Atkins is the genuine soldier, by entering theservice voluntarily and regarding it as a regular profession,and that there is something fascinating, wild and strangein the pursuit. American recruiting is less successfulbecause it lacks the glamor, change and excitement ofBritish service.Yet no man, and woman still less, in times of peace,reasoning logically, would deny that war is a terriblecalamity. There they lie in trenches opposite each other,their feet in mud, exposed to rain, heat and cold, fed likeSpartans, shooting away at some unknown opponent andshot at again in return, frequently killed or maimed forlife without having seen the enemy. What are theirthoughts during the long nightwatches lit up only withsearchlights, rockets and fiery shells?They have no interest at stake in this mole work, nocause at issue in these endless attacks and counter attacks,no passion or hatred to gratify. They are mostly menfrom the ordinary walks of life, torn away from theirhumble vocations, forced to leave their family, women,old folks and children, to shift for themselves. They aresummoned to the fields by the authorities and now set theirhearts against bayonets and by command press madly tosome battery's blazing tier.Is there anything more unjust than to have womengive life to male offspring, to rear them to manhood,merely to see them march away to be killed from afarjust as if they were cattle raised for the slaughter house.And what atones for the mother's agony, for starva- tion and destitution, for homes destroyed by shell andfire, for children sent adrift and outraged daughters?But is it not all for the glory of the nation, for thedefense of the flag, for the protection of the home, forself preservation, liberty, safety, future welfare? So theyare told, and the name of the dead soldier is used toglorify the bloody deeds of war, that others may followwithout questioning.Why are wars fought? There are now eleven coun- tries engaged in war, more may be drawn into it at anymoment.Can any layman discern and explain the differentsources from whence the present events have taken rise?The Germans are said to fight for their country, for thedefeat of Pan Slavism, the Allies for self preservation,to subdue German militarism. One could just as well assert that they fight for the control of China. And soeach nation claims to have been forced into it and to fightfor the right, while they compete in reality for commercialsupremacy. War is the logical result of eager competition.Whenever a nation is becoming too powerful, and en- dangering the money and trade interests of other countries,a declaration of war is brought about, to balance mattersand to stop progress, momentarily at least, where it is notwanted. Goods made in Germany have been too success- ful not to arouse envy. In a few years the scale of eventsmay turn, and they may be all fighting Russia. Just asJapan will be engaged in a prolonged series of wars inthe East. Japan needs trade expansion as acutely as itsdaily rations of fish and rice. So does China, Siam, Nepaland the various dependencies, but Japan is best preparedto exert itself, it wants to reap the harvest and will notmind a few campaigns of conquest if seriously opposed.Wars are invariably fought for strictly material reasons.It is claimed that wars are no longer possible for purepurposes of conquest, or the gratification of the whims ofsome potentate. Is there such a great difference betweenkings and ruling parties, between conquest and trade orcolonial expansion? Only the pretext has been changed.Although humanity is sodden with the pursuit of gain,a population might not be quite as obedient about goingto war, if the reasons urged made not some direct appealto humanitarian sentiment. There must be a pretext, inthe form of an ethical excuse. As to the real cause themasses remain in the dark. It is secret history. War isarranged in financial circles with the co-operation of themilitary party and international diplomacy. The moneyinterests are in the hands of the few, thus it is capitalismthat instigates war, just as the Church and Imperialismin former centuries. The casus belli, like the assassinationof the Austrian archduke, at Serajevo, the Ems despatch,the firing in Fort Sumter, the blowing up of the Maine,is never more than an incident. The honor of a nationdoes not allow such or such a thing to occur, war agitationhas generally preceded it, so it is easy whenthe moment is ripe to stir up war sentiment and to concealthe real cause, which often originates from no purer sourcethan human passions and selfish motives.The crusaders marched to Palestine, no doubt, manyof them with true religious fanaticism. It had been arti- ficially aroused. It furnished the pretext, to put an end tooccasional Christian massacres and to regain the possessionof the Sepulchre. But the real motive of pontiff andprinces was to oppose the progress of the Ottomans and toenrich themselves, in short an invasion of conquest andaggrandisement.Even in wars of independence, it can hardly be thatwar is forced upon a country. If abuses in a dependencyexist and continue, become insufferable, if there is no re- dress, then the oppressed community is forced to organizeits power for defense in such a way as is most likely tosecure its safety and happiness for the future. Un- doubtedly, but the causes are strictly material and flowfrom sources troubled by both parties. The outbreak wasthe result of preceding periods of incubation and evolu- tion. The English from modest demands in the beginningwidened their program of exploitation more boldly andshamelessly every year. The more powerful party isalways destined to play the part of the usurper. We, on the other hand, conceived the necessity of changes, mod- erate at first, but gradually desired for more thorough anddeeper changes. Humble remonstrances changed intorevolutionary demands. It was impossible to remain in- different. Little by little the majority was imbued withthe spirit of revolt, and the result was war.And the cause of our secession war! Freedom for theslaves was the avowed object of the abolitionist agitation,while beneath it lurked an unusually vehement partystrife of politicians. The South had been the most power- ful factor in politics. The Northern party leaders covetedthis same power. The discontent over the supposed ad- vantages the South derived from the maintenance ofslavery also did not help matters. Decked out withhumanitarian appeals abolition was made the ostensibleissue. The Secessionists resented this and advocated dis- union. Through the Missouri Compromise the Stateswere geographically divided, and the long threatened out- break finally came because both parties (not the masses)could not restrain themselves any longer. The troublehad been brewing for forty years.Was Pacific abolition an absolute impossibility? Even"barbaric" Russia in 1857 accomplished the liberation ofthe serfs in a peaceful manner. Was it done for the sakeof humanitarian principles? Hardly. It was the dreadof a violent peasant uprising. There had been so manypeasant insurrections that it was thought wisest to makethe sacrifice. In Russia it was the nobility, a smallminority, versus the entire farming population, while herewere two parties, equally unprepared and equally resource- ful. Both parties felt too strong to make any concessions.The inevitable result was war.If it is true that the hostilities of nations are promptedby material contrivances, each war should prove itseconomic justification. This seems to be difficult to be- lieve, when we consider the enormous war loans and thedecline of exports. Take the case of any of the belligerentcountries. Each country has been selling to all the coun- tries she is fighting. The idea that a nation could possiblygain foreign trade by fighting some of her biggest cus- tomers, cutting off a considerable percentage of its businessseems to be visionary. But it works merely like an in- vestment on a gigantic scale. The momentary losses andthe expenditure represent the investment. War meansto the victor new openings and opportunities to increasenational wealth and prestige. To lose the war is therisk that is run. But even vanquished nations, if notentirely annihilated and annexed, have a wonderful re- cuperating power. Look at France after the FrancoGerman war, with its World's Exposition in 1878.The individual is only indirectly a beneficiary. But thestrengthening, development, expansion of the material re- sources of a nation can not be censured as being a guiltyor vain ambition. What would have happened if we hadlost the Independence war. Another war and anotherwar until we had bought our freedom by roll of cannonand clash of arms. It is now a proposition so remote thatit is difficult even to imagine it. But we are proud thatit has happened and consider it worth all the sacrificesthat were made for it. And there lies the deep rootedtrouble, if a victorious nation is a beneficiary, the chancesfor a world's peace become very nebulous indeed.But the human mind is obstinate, if there must be wars as there apparently have to be and the individual can donothing to prevent them, it insists at least on "civilizedwarfare." By this is meant Red Cross service and relieffunds, a more rational treatment of war prisoners, theregulation of shipping, the safety of neutrals, armisticesto bury the dead, the prohibition of sacking evacuatedtowns, of killing the wounded and firing on civilians, andall those principles that have been decided upon at theGeneva Conventions to regulate the conduct of an armyduring war and that are supposed somewhat to ameloriateevils. It is of no avail. Civilized warfare is a paradox.Warfare, premedidated wholesale slaughter can not becivilized. To send battle ships with their entire crew tothe bottom of the sea, to sacrifice an entire regiment instorming an entrenchment, without any special purpose,to have it retaken by the enemy on the morrow, to bom- bard towns and to fight big battles where the casualtiesrun into the hundred thousands are in the words of Vol- taire not the work of God but of the devil, some sinisterSiwa bent on cruel, merciless destruction. There is nodiffrence whether one is clubbed down with a morningstar and pierced by a halberd, or torn to pieces by shrapneland throttled by asphyxiating gas. One is as barbarousas the other. Only modern war has become more scien- tifically cruel. The mucular strength has dwindled downto naught.As for atrocites: atrocites, acts of savagery, cross viola- tions of rules have occurred in every war, and non-com- batants in invaded territories are naturally the scapegoats.But war in itself is such an outrage and atrocity that allminor incidents of executions and the killing of neutralsseem trivial beside it. The writer was brought up onatrocity tales of horrible mutilations of wounded and deadsupposed to have been perpetuated by Zouaves and Turcoson the Franco-German battle fields. It is more than likelythat they were not tales but approximately the truth.Society, even by the infliction of the death penalty, can notabolish murder. ■ How then can one expect that, whenmen are sent deliberately to slaughter each other, somewill not give full vent to their latent murderous instinctsand commit heinous crimes just for the sake of committingthem, and even gloat over their bloody deeds. But donot blame the offender, the commanding officer or eventhe nation too harshly, blame the cause and not the effect.Of course, if it comes to methods of warfare that violatethe rights of neutrals, it certainly is proper to demand theirdiscontinuance. Still, if a nation is in sole possession ofan effective instrument of destruction that constitutes oneof its most powerful and successful weapons, it will surelynot be abandoned as long as the particular war lasts inwhich it was first introduced. Wars are fought to do asmuch damage as possible. The more fatal a weapon isthe better it serves the purpose. That such instrumentswill be denounced as inhuman by those against whom theyare employed is only natural. But as long as Zeppelinsand submarines were not in operation when the existing in- ternational agreements that should govern war were made,any new rules pertaining to them can not be decided uponbefore the end of the war. Protests of course can be madebut they can be settled only diplomatically unless the in- " jured nation also wishes to enter a state of war with theoffender. Sadakichi Hartmann How England Helped the SouthernConfederacy THE recent efforts of English capitalists to create aboom in Confederate bonds has led to additionalrevelations concerning the assistance given by Englishcapitalists to the Southern States in the War of Seces- sion. The manner in which these English bondholdershope to realize at least a portion of the millions sterlingwhich they advanced in order to dismember theUnited States to induce the Southern States topetition the United States Government to transferto the bond holders the unappropriated balance of theAlabama award, and of the larger amount of money re- ceived from cotton seizures in the South during the war.It is thought by them that ten millions of dollars arelying idle in the treasury at Washington. This wouldbe thirteen or fourteen million dollars, or about one thirdof the amount they would be satisfied with as a settle- ment. The amount of the Confederate debt is said to befour hundred million dollars. It is mostly held in Europe.How much of this the syndicate *will be able to gather inremains to be seen. At any rate, the syndicate, if suc- cessful, will reap a vast reward for their outlay.It is needless to say that such a scheme will never besuccessful and that it will only be resorted to as a for- lorn hope on the part of those English capitalists whofoolishly parted with their pounds sterling in order to grat- ify their prejudice against the Republic, and with the hopethat the success of the Southern Confederacy would bethe death knell to a united Republic on this continent.In this instance, however, John Bull reckoned withouthis host, and now that his hatred of democracy has costhim millions of pounds, we hope he will be made evenmore miserable by the reflection that not a single six-pencewill ever find its way back into an Englishman's pocket.Mr. Ivan C. Michels, a Russian gentleman well in- formed on the transactions between the late Confederacyand European powers, furnishes a list of the names ofsome of the holders of the Confederate cotton loan bonds.Mr. Michels says that these were the actual losses,moneys paid by each individual, but the amount of Con- federate bonds they received in return amounted to severalmillion dollars. He obtained the information through hisLondon correspondent. Mr. Michels thinks the zeal ofthe London Times is best understood and explained bythe contributions of Messrs. M. B. Sampson and JohnThadeus Delane, editors of the newspaper, as one partedwith fifteen thousand pounds of his wealth, and the othercontributed to the lost cause to the extent of ten thou- sand pounds. The following is the list referred to:Lbs.Sir Henry de Hington, Bart 180,000Isaac Campbell &amp; Co 150,000Thomas Sterling Begley. . 140,000Marquis of Bath 50,000James Spence 50,000Beresford Hope 50,000George Edward Seymour 40,000Charles Joice &amp; Co 40,000Messrs. Ferace 30,000Alexander Collie &amp; Co 20,000Fleetwood, Polen, Wilson &amp; Schuster, Direc- tors of Union Bank of London, together 20,000W. S. Lindsay . 20,000Sir Coutts Lindsay, Bart 20,000John Laced, M. P. from Birkenhead 20,000M. B. Sampson, Editor of Times 15,000John Thadeus Delane, Editor of Times.... 10,000Lady Georgiana Time, Sister of Lord West- moreland 10,000J. S. Gillet, Director of the Bank ofEngland 10,000D. Forbes Campbell 8.000George Peacock, M. P 5,000Lord Warncliff 5,000W. H. Gregoty, M. P 4,000W. J. Rideout, London Morning Post.... 4,000Edward Ackroyd 1,000Lord Campbell 1,000Lord Donoughmore 1,000Lord Richard Grosvenor Hon. Evelyn Ashley, Priv. Sec. to LordPalmerton 500Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone. 20,000Total Losses 898,000The foregoing figures exhibit the startling fact that thetwenty-nine individuals who thus opened their purses forthe perfidious purpose of pulling down the Stars andStripes of this great Republic lost no less a sum than $1,- 490,000 by their insane investment. We have heard ofmany "wild cat" schemes, but assuredly John Bull wasbadly gored by the Southern ox when he undertook to sup- port the Southern cause in order to help destroy this Re- public.Much interest is manifested in this matter as to whatsentiment is held by the Southern people themselves re- garding this new movement to place the English boughtSouthern bonds in such a position as to, at least partially,recoup the English investors therein. If we are to judgeof the people of the Southern States by the sentimentsadvanced by Judge Lochrane, of Georgia, when asked re- cently his opinion upon this momentous question, theJudge was very candid in giving his" opinion, which weannex:"The idea of the States paying the Confederate Wardebt, which, like slavery, was abolished by the fall of theConfederacy, is absurd, and to discuss it would be givingdignity to absurd nonsense, except that the movementseems to have respectable names connected with it."It may be that distinguished attorneys have given ab- stract opinions as to the present validity of the debt, butsuch attorneys could not earn their bread in Georgia."He adds: "But to add to all this trash the threat that thebonds issued by the Confederacy shall not be paid by theSouthern States, or else English capital will be withheldfrom Southern enterprises, and thus stop the progress ofSouthern prosperity until the full value of these bits ofpaper, hardly worth a penny a bushel, shall be made goodto fny Lord Penzance and his syndicate—such a proposi- tion is ridiculous in its presumption. The assumption thatthe South with her present credit and property is depend- ent upon English capital to develop her resources, is aneffort of English arrogance excusable only for its ignor- ance. But if the South had to pay the Confederate wardebt, in whole or in part, to obtain English capital for itsenterprises, then—to be as emphatic as possible, I wouldsay as to their opinion, that we can tell these gentlemen togo to the devil with their money, their threats and theirattempted blackmail."(This is a clipping from Donahoes Magazine, April1867.) Poe and O. Henry G. B. BronzeMemorialTablet,the work ofLorada Taft,placed inthe StateAdminis- trationBuilding,Raleigh,N. C. YV7HAT good does it do to pilgrimage to a tomb, to** plant flowers on a grave, to shed tears at a cemeteryif he whom we had a chance to appreciate, who perhapscraved for a friendly word from our lips, is dead andburied ? The costliest monument executed by the greatestartist and erected by those who seem to make a businessof appreciating the dead only—seems to me just one morestone they are throwing at him whom they pretend tohonor. Think of Edgar Allan Poe! A hundred thousanddollars were expended to create a park to honor his mem- ory—the Poe Park. The Fordham Cottage, for whichPoe paid a rent of five dollars monthly nearly seventyyears ago, -was purchased by the city for six thousand dol- lars, transformed into a Poe museum with a custodianwho, outside of free rent, light and heat, draws a yearlycompensation for his services that would have made Poefinancially independent for years. And I saw a letter afew days ago, written by Poe five months preceding hisdeath, addressed to the publisher of the "Southern Literary Messenger" offering his weekly contributions at two dol- lars a page, each page containing eight hundred words.(The cheapest Sunday paper pays to-day five dollars foreight hundred words to any hack-writer.)The erection of a monument to the memory of a manwho was honored during life, appreciated in the only waygenius should be appreciated by the layman—in dollarsand cents—seems just and appropriate, a real tribute toa dead genius as well as to those who participate in theerection and later on in the unveiling exercises.O. Henry, one of the two literary geniuses America hasproduced since its discovery, was the first to receive ap- preciation and reward for the pleasures he gave his millionsof readers during his lifetime, and now while hardly fouryears have passed since his departure from life, Raleigh,in North Carolina, the capital of his home State, haserected a memorial tablet to his memory.Edgar Allan Poe's name appears almost always in bio- graphies or appreciations of O. Henry. Even ProfessorSmith, O. Henry's biographer, mentions the name Poe,speaking about the dead author. I think this is doneunconsciously. There is nothing alike in Poe and in O.Henry, outside of the fact that both were Americans, bothgeniuses and both originated something new, something thathad no precedent anywhere else, something that was boundto make school here in America and abroad. Poe was anartist outside the sphere of the masses, at his day stillunder the influence of Puritanical goody-goodiness and of"stories for the family table." O. Henry grasped thethrobbing life of the American city as well as of the lonecountry. He appealed to everybody because he seemed toknow everybody. He brought together poor and rich,outcast and snob, tramp and society girl, because he posseted the secret of sounding the note that creates har- monious vibration in the hearts of all. And so, as it isusual and customary in our critical reviews and biographsto compare one man with another, in this case the onegenius is compared with the only other one.America of to-day has progressed far. There is nothingthe matter with the public, especially the reading public,y appreciates genius. Our masses want thebeautiful; they would admire it and prefer it to everythingelse, but they are denied it. Certain publishers of ourcountry have set a standard for the mental food the Amer- ican reading public shall be provided with. They- educateeditors to serve to the readers this supposedly craved-fordiet and the public is simply hoodooed into the belief thatit desires to read the wholesale fabrications of so-calledpopular authors.The publisher of one of the most popular short storymagazines in this country told me a few days ago that herefused to pay O. Henry five dollars for a story thatcounts among the best Henry ever wrote, and that subse- quently sold for two hundred and seventy-five dollars. Hemade him the proposition to accept in payment for theSt°ur i SU ptl°ns to.a Texas paper owned by thispublisher twenty years ago. Subscriptions that Henrycould sell at any price he chose to his friends or ac- quaintances. This proposition was promptly refused OHenry was not starred by his publishers. The readerswanted his stories and therefore he received the aosrecia- tion due him, in life. Sundays are so welcome because they come only onceevery seven days. They are as beautiful as the smile of aserious man. Builders of the World Tom Sleeper it is they laid him■*- Under the moonwhite daisiesSee the crumbling headstoneThe sunken headstoneCrumbling to decay.Great was his fameAnd great his renown.He is lying nowUnder the daisiesUnder the asters and the waving grasses.Read of his greatnessChiseled with reverend handsOn the mossy headstone nowCrumbling to decay.Read of his greatnessIn one simple line it is carven"He founded Peoria, 111." Mother and Son Mother Cat's Paw D O you see that old woman out there with white hairand friendly face? Her dark clothes are out offashion and her hands bear testimony that she must havedone considerable work some time ago. She looks like apeaceful farmer's wife who came to the city to attendchurch. . . But this woman is surrounded by the firstcitizens of the country. The greatest among the greattouch her toil-worn hand with reverence. Scientists listeneagerly to every word that the old lady utters, as if itwere some long looked for wisdom. All women look upto her filled with admiration and just a little bit of envy.. . . Admiration follows her wherever she goes andsome day when she dies a funeral procession will followher bier as if she had been the queen of a faithful country.Her name will spread all over the world.She is the mother of a great man.The SonO you see that young man over there walking shylyin solitude on his own way with downcast eyes?Everyone who passes him looks at him wonderingly* Per- haps with a little bit of envy, too. But he suspects inevery face only pity, thinking they look with a secretirony upon his glory, which overwhelms him. .In his marble palace he locks the doors of his chambersand idly dreams about the life which is his own, his veryown, which he himself lives. He dreams a quiet,unnoticed life without glory, without that terrible glorywhich has burnt in him all that was his own. Which hasmade him nothing but the ghost of a great name. . . .He is the son of a great man. The Star-Gazer Charles Gorham Barney, Jr. ¥ AST night, on his way home he passed an old street1 vender who was presiding over a telescope. Thiswas at Twenty-third Street and Fifth Avenue./ Hewalked by, but after a few steps he turned back. He gave the old man a quarter of a dollar. The old fellowfumbled for the change, and while he was doing so, said:"Look through." Rather reluctantly the young man didso. He would have preferred first to have his change safein hand.There was quite a large star visible. It looked like ourmoon but seemed slightly lopsided. He was ponderingwhether the old fellow would return to him ten cents orfifteen. Meanwhile the proprietor of the telescope wasexplaining that the star was the planet Jupiter; and theyoung man began to perceive that it was not lopsided,those were the smoky bands that he saw, and there werethe attendant moons—four of them!At first he was overcome with a feeling of awe, thenhe was frightened. It was as though he stood on tiptoeat the edge of the world and might, at any minute, falloff and get lost in that shimmery blueness. But, after asteady gaze, he got his balance. He no longer felt uneasy.He had left this little globe with its two for a nickelpeople and was wandering through the heavens! Thensuddenly, but very quietly and seriously, but confidently,he looked into the eyes of the Great I Am. He saw intothe illimitable. Time and Space fell from him like ashrouding garment. He grasped at and for a momentheld, the Infinite.Then he looked away.He had two coins thrust into his hand. Without look- ing at them he started homeward. When he had gonetwo blocks he began fearfully to wonder what was thevalue of those coins. "But, perhaps/' he thought, "theold man was a magician or something and gave me twopieces of gold." He took the money out and by the lightof the street lamp saw that it was, fifteen cents—but goodmoney!The night was chill. He walked rapidly, without effort,he seemed to be treading on air.She opened the door for him, saying that his eyes werebright, brighter than stars! He only smiled. Their boywas asleep. The man looked at him for a moment andfondly realized that he would soon be walking. Then afeeling almost of panic came upon him and he cried tohimself: "I must earn more money." . . ,To-day he did better work than for weeks past and to- night he is thinking :Tha;t old fellow sold me all that for ten cents!Yet, I had to pay my money before I could seeanything! Jefferson Market Prison TV/HAT crimes within these horrid walls* * More fierce and vile than those for whichSociety exiles her hapless onesTo this dark place, are done by nightAgainst these same unfortunates?Why is the velvet night shotWith the frenzied screams of tortured women? To be misunderstood by the masses is more disagreeablethan to be understood. If the masses destroy big things theyare at least sincere, but if they adore them they are lying.The contempt of the masses can convey honor to a man. buttheir reverence, never. Man and "Woman" A Commplace Drama by Henry Albert Phillips The characters and those with characteristics only.A-Man-with-a-Heart VillianA-Girl-called-a-Flirt HeroineThe-Person-with-Gold HeroPlace: Here and There.Period: Adaptable, with the requisite change of scenery, tohumanity of every age and clime.All intervals saturated with soft, tremulous music. ACT 1. (Scene: Usually a balmy moonlit evening away fromthe madding crowd.") ,Ends with A-Girl-called-a-Flirt, overwhelmed withemotion, in the arms of A-Man-with-a-Heart. For abethrothal gift, he presents her only with a Golden Key—to his heart—attached to a rich Neck-Chain, composedof the sunshine of his soul. There is a locket, too, on thechain, which contains a sparkling ruby-like drop—morebeautiful and brilliant than any gem in the world. Thisis his Heart's Life and Happiness."It is all yours," he murmurs."You also?" she queries.In the same breath they whisper, "Oh, Love! Oh,Happiness!" ACT 2. (Scene: Another evening. It is the night of The-Person-with-Gold's grand, glittering ball.)Begins in disclosing two figures seated alone in the con- servatory, where they can hear the strains of gay musicand get glimpses of dazzling lights."It is all mine," mutters The-Person-with-Gold, (forit is he.)"I also," acquiesces A-Girl-called-a-Flirt, (for it is"It")In the act of embracing her, The-Person-with-Goldclumsily tears an ornament from her innocent lookingbreast. Then, as if by accident, he crushes the object underhis foot.There remains only a crumpled mass to gather up, whilethe Jewel itself cannot be found—only a tiny red spotstains the polished flpor.It seems as though "It" were about to faint, but the"Person" produces a gold, sparkling necklace."It's" color returns. The accident is forgotten. Theorchestra strikes up a Dream Waltz."Such Pleasure!" they both echo at once.As the Person and It pass out, she is almost sure thatshe hears a sob and sees the figure of a man sink to theground.This act ends in a protracted buz-z on the part ofSociety. ACT 3. (Scene: The world at large.)Begins in Misery—Remorse it is called."It" has become a woman—but too late.The Person has become a divorcee—hardly soonenough.The Man has become a cynic and a skeptic. His heart'shappiness gone, life has lost its savor: he believes not invirtue, he trusts not in man and as for woman—he almostdespises his mother. The feminine world sympathizes with the man.The masculine world blames the woman.Someone is the guilty one. And the woman?Well, she has yet one of two courses to follow: eitherto remain the woman she has become, paying the penaltyof infidelity in the grim solitude of isolation, with Godalone left to trust her, or to become a Creature, seekinghappiness in gaining a "Past."The end ? Well try to arrange it as you will.No curtain—because the denouement must be everexposed to the World. Two Poems by Robert Carlton Brownof Orchid Fame Summer and Geese ft ER eyes lighted like a child's,* * A look of loving all outdoors was in them."Oh, I was out in snow!" she cried."Getting eggs from the woman under the hill.And there were a dozen geese in her yardFlapping and teetering happily on their crooked yellowlegsAs the snow flakes showered down upon them.*"She waved her arms with the free movement of wings;A gorgeous white bird herself, frolicking with snowflakes.The light of loving was in her eyes.She gave me the pictureAnd I have put it with my treasuresIn a handy place where I shall find itIn the summerWhen the geese are gobbling June bugs on the lawnAnd smacking their smooth yellow beaks over it.I shall find it then and wish for winterAnd wonder wistfully if she and I will be sharingpicturesWhen again the geese are revelling in the snow. The Rim of the Earth IVE me your hand, oh dearest, and -we'll run round the rimof the earth drawing oxygen deep into our lungs untilour cheeks are aflame.We'll laugh and love on the way; clutching at stars, slidingdown flaming streaks left by shooting meteors; two childrenon a balustrade.Shouting our joy from bursting throats, kicking off our shoesand racing the length of glaciers, our hot feet leaving meltedspots as we run.Kicking up the burning sands of deserts, cooling our skin inclinging fogs.Two big, free human beings, with our bits in our teeth, tossingour heads, shaking free of fettering reins. Just One Letter There is one letter in the marriage ceremony, the sub- stitution of which by another, would induce thousands tomarry who are now single, and would give a license forunfaithfulness to thousands who are married. Which isthe letter? The letter v; for which substitute k, in thefollowing sentence—"so long as ye both do live/' whichwill then read, "so long as ye both do like!9 James Whitcomb Ri James Whitcomb Riley Eugene Field, James Whitcomb Riley and Bill Nye, ahitherto unknown photo. 50MEWHERE in this world there are men living, one withus in spirit, who send forth their comforting thoughts inour hours of despair and tribulation; who send to thethousands whom they will never meet face to face but whoseexistence they feel, messages of cheer and of good-will.From time to time news is spread that one of these comfortersof humanity has passed on to another, to a better world. Andwe to whom their names mean more than fame or the storytold by others, bow our heads before the inevitable ruling ofa higher law. We remember the gifts we have received. Thehours of happiness. The joy and the elevation that had beengiven to us. Our love expands in gratitude; we bless thememory of the man.James Whitcomb Riley died on July 22nd in his home inIndianapolis. Indiana honors the greatest of her sons. Thebody of the poet is laid out instate; the citizens are passing byin long procession, doing homage to their Prince of Song.But all the pompous funeral regalia the world can bestowupon its cherished deceased does not mean as much as the simpleman's sincere tear that pays tribute in a thousand eyes to thesimple, modest poet.Riley's youth and the years of his evolution are vested withmystery. Until the last day of his life he led a simple existenceamid humble surroundings. The limelight of glaring publicitywas foreign to his kind and secluded nature.Verily he was one of the chosen few of whom we do not knowwhence they come nor where they go, but whose presence wefeel as a blessing everlastingly. Indiana's Dead Poet When the Booze is in the Bottle Reprinted from Bruno's Weekly, Oct. 30th, 1915 RILEY and Louis B. Chaplin, a Chicago news- paper man, were sitting twenty years ago in thesmoky barroom of the Dennison Hotel, IndianapolisRiley was -not the medal-awarded poet of to-day and Chap- lin was a cub on an Indiana newspaper. They weredrinking and talking, they were merry and sentimental andthey spoke about ambitions and futures which seemed sogolden, and about mother and sweetheart far, far away.The bottle was on the table and glasses clinked at thenearby bar, drunken voices issued from the street and theyfelt the intoxicating air of the whiskey-seller's abode.The poet in Riley awoke. With the satyrical pathosas only he knew it, he recited the lines inspired by thesituation."Great stuff, great stuff!" responded the newspaper in- stinct of his companion.Quick as a flash his pencil was in his hand. He couldnot find paper and so he scribbled on his cuff in the dimgas light. The poet dreamily and suddenly observed thathis dictation was being recorded."Please never write that again," he said impatiently. "Idon't remember what I said, but it must have been senti- mental and silly."His friend promised and kept his promise for twentyyears.It was during a similar session some time ago with thisold Chicago newspaper man. There was the barroomand the clinking of glasses and the little tables and thesentimental intermission leading to memories far awayfrom Chicago, far away from a barroom.He was thinking of twenty years ago, of Riley, sincethen grown to be the poet of the Hoosier State. He rec- ollected the lines repeated so often since and he recitedthem again. He never wrote them. He kept his promise. The Poem \Y/ HEN the booze is in the bottle,™ And the bottle's on the bar,And the seltzer is a-foamin',Like an early mornin' star,Then it is that one is happy,Then it is that one is gay,As he mixes booze and seltzerIn a contemplative way.Some folks are never happy,'Less in a vicious rush,But the sweetest way of livin'sJust to be in a gentle lush.Just to sit and soak and sozzle,As the hours are wearin' on,And to wrestle with that demon,Till the early mornin' dawn. And to dream in idle fancyOf the happy days to come,When the world shall be one barroomAnd the rivers run in rum.Oh, how sweet it is at midnight,When the good are all in bed,To get down along the levee,And to accumulate a "head."To talk of mother dear, and broken heartsAnd little eyes of blue,And finally essay:I'd leave my happy home for you.While through the smoke the barroom lightsSeem many miles afar,And the booze is in the bottleAnd the bottle's on the bar. Henri Gaudier-Brzeska W. G. Blaikie Murdoch. IN a vigorous, if scarcely beautiful poem, Tennysonmaintains stoutly that no biographies of the mastersshould be written. Nor can it be gainsaid that only toomuch writing, in this field, is made up of contemptiblytrivial details, the great majority of biographers betrayingalso a sorry want of literary skill. Nevertheless, the lifeof a fine painter or poet, sculptor or composer, is indeed avery worthy topic for an able pen; and, if it must begranted that the good biographies are few, are they notamong the most delightful things in all literature? Waiv- ing Boswell, there is hardly a single page in Lockhartwhose incision, or mutilation, would not be matter fordeep regret, while a tribute fully as enthusiastic is due toMr. Mackail's book on William Morris, and, in thewhole of Theophile Gautier's glittering and diverseachievements, there are not many items more precious thanhis little pen-portraits of certain of his contemporaries:Dominique Ingres and Delacroix, for instance, Jules Vabreand Celestin Nanteuil. But the genius of Gautier, thetact of Lockhart, the quiet, scolarly style of Mr. Mackail—these are conspicuous by their absence from the life ofthe sculptor, Gaudier-Brzeska, written up by Mr. Ezra Pound, the volume being a handsome quarto, nicely illus- trated and published by the John Lane Company- Read- ing this work, there rises the temptation to espouse Ten- nyson's attitude towards biographies in general. Mr. Pound's Failings Certainly Mr. Pound does not disclose an undue fond- ness for trivialities. But nearly every page of his writingis slipshod, and what is worse, these pages are sadly dis- jointed, many of them likewise containing irrelevancies.Referring to his personal recollections of Gaudier, thewriter tells that details return to him "ill-assorted, pell- mell, in confusion;" and most other authors, who havetraded largely in their personal recollections, must haveexperienced exactly this difficulty. However, think howfinely synthetic are those various charming essays, by Stev- enson, in which he handles reminiscences of his childhoodand recall how infallibly arranged are all Mr. George Moore's numerous autobiographical books. It is clearthat Stevenson and Mr. Moore, both being true literaryartists, began by making copious sketches of their matter,rejecting the irrelevant, composing the remainder into adefinite whole. But Mr. Pound appears to have begunwriting without any definite scheme in his mind, and itmay be added, without exaggeration, that some hours arerequired to discover just what parts of the book are by thebiographer, what parts by Gaudier himself. His lettersare fairly numerous, while he was author of two criticalessays, being given furthermore to recording his ideas in note-books; and it might have been a good plan to havemade these different things of his the real body of thebook, placing them first, and merely supplementing themwith a short account of the artists' life along with a criti- cal study of his output. Or, on the other hand, it mighthave served happily to have opened with a biography, giv- ing next a critical study, then putting all Gaudier's ownwritings in a properly tabulated appendix, embodying here- in moreover an exhaustive list of the sculptor's works.Well, as Mr. Pound has preferred to fling things down atrandom, it is naturally very difficult to disentangle fromthe maze the facts of the artist's life. But this arduousdisentangling is a task literally incumbent on the critic. A Wandering Life One of the most interesting figures in the world of re- cent art, Henri Gaudier-Brzeska, was born on the 4thof October, 1891, at the village of St. Jean de Braye, inLoiret, France. His father was Joseph Gaudier, a car- penter, and it would seem that Henri himself, as a boy,added the Brzeska to his parental name, his reason forthis action not being revealed. While still in his teens hewon a small scholarship, enabling him to leave France andgo to London; while next he is found at Orleans, and soonafterward he returned to England, there to become a pupilat an art school in Bristol. At this institution he won asecond scholarship, funds requisite for travel being ac- cordingly placed in his hands; and so he wanderedthrough Germany for a while, then settling in the QuartierLatin in Paris. Up till now his preoccupation had beenwith painting, not sculpture; but chancing to meet aCzech poet, who talked enthusiastically of statuary, Gau- dier was inspired to essay it. This was in 1910, and, inthe following year, Henri went once more to London,where he obtained a clerkship, spending only his eveningsand holidays in the practice and study of art. It is mani- fest that he entered alike into practice and study with fine zest, for presently he was seriously ill; and he there- fore gave up office work, endeavoring to make a liveli- hood instead of doing drawings for advertisements. Healso designed a poster for Macbeth, while at length hebegan to receive occasional commissions for sculpture, withthe result that he took a studio, but a very humble one,for it was under a railway arch. Here he continued towork hard, month after month; and, if he had to enduremany privations, he was doubtless cheered by the keen in- terest taken in him by those English artists who, stylingthemselves "Vorticists," had for their main rallying-groundthe Rebel Art Centre, in Ormonde Street, where theyconducted a journal with the significant title of Blast.Most of these men were wont to show their productionsat the Allied Artists' Association, and it was at one of theexhibitions of that gallant body that Gaudier first metMr. Pound; while about the time of this meeting thesculptor grew intimate with Mr. Frank Harris, with thefine poet, Wilfred Scawen Blunt, with the painters, Hor- ace Brodzky and Alfred Wolmark and with the engraver, Edward Wadsworth. Another good friend to Gaudier, in these days, was a Mrs. Shakespear, to whoma number of his best letters were subsequently writtenwhile Epstein used to go, now and then, to the curiousstudio under the railway arch. But there was yet an- other person of note from whom the young sculptor earlywon generous friendship, Major Haldane Macfall, him- self author of a wealth of rare drawings and paintings,although it is by his sparkling and scholarly writings thathe is principally known. Few critics of to-day, perhaps,are sounder judges of art than he, few are so quick toperceive excellence when it appears in a new, if not ap- parently iconoclastic guise. And thus Major Macfall,anxious that his Splendid Wayfaring should be finely il- lustrated, asked Gaudier to do some drawings for thebook, the request being promptly complied with. No rec- ord of this affair, however, is offered by Mr. Pound; andit is through the kindness of Major Macfall, himself, that a few of these illustrations by Gaudier are given inthis journal. The End The sculptor left London for his native France soonafter the outbreak of the war. He had evaded his dutiesas a conscript, but was pardoned on giving himself up tothe military authorities; and entering an infantry regi- ment, he eventually became a corporal. Seemingly a com- petent soldier, he plunged with zest into the great cam- paign, being destined, however, to see only a small partof it, for he was killed in a charge at Neuville Street,Vast, on the sth of June, 1915. It is idle to speculate, asseveral writers have done, on what he might have achiev- ed, had a longer lease of years, been vouchsafed to him;because every artist must be judged by what he did, notby what he might have done. Gaudier attained more thanenough to constitute him memorable. His essay onsculpture, actually written in the trenches, denotes himpossessed of a grandly fearless intellectual independence;while many of the-letters he wrote during the war areexquisitely vivacious, enshrining not only shrewd com- ments in general, but frequent flashes of exquisite wit.A past master of draughtsmanship, often making the mosttiny pen-strokes wonderfully expressive, he was a sculptorwho combined sound scholarship with splendid originality.And if, at present, he is commonly spoken of as a "Vorti- cist," surely this state of affairs will soon change! Forare not fine artists remembered by their own works andonly by their own works? Not by their similarity to anyof their contemporaries. Jean Jaures On the Anniversary of his assassination Conrad Hausmann. N the 31st of July, 1914, in that fatal hour in whichEurope's peace was killed, Jean Jaures was assassin- ated in Paris by French chauvinism. This was not merelya tragic incident. Jaures had to be put out of the waybefore the war started by that frivolous, criminal spirit,whose life-long enemy he had been and which he hadhoped to conquer.Jaures had represented the conscience of France. Hewas the great adversary of a hopeless and futile war ofRevenge; he was the patriotic, clear-sighted statesman whohad hoped for a great future for France through a finalseparation from Russian clutches. His campaign for thetwo-year conscript bill in the Spring of 1914 in which he and the radicals were victorious was looked upon by himas the sanction given by the nation to the long-hoped-forliberation from the forced alliance with Russia. He con- ceived it to be the dawn of a new era in the foreign policyof France. I know this to be true because he told me soexactly two months before his assassination: "The bestman we have in France at present is Cailloux. He hasnot only talent, but a sharp eye, will-power and character.This is the reason that he has everybody against him. WithClemenceau you cannot enter into politics at all. He isalways busy pursuing his own stubborn policy. AboutDelcasse? He is a menace to our foreign relations."That was in Basle, and two months later he went toParis and there he found that Viviani had closed a com- promise with Poincare and that these two, united withDelcasse, brought about exactly what Jaures had helpedto prevent for years a world war.Jean Jaures was the first victim of a blind, fanaticalpolicy, and, as a member of the French Assembly said onthe morning of his assassination: "The death of Jauresis the first defeat for France." His glowing, clear-sightedpatriotism has been missed by his country every day, forthe last two years. His loss is irreparable and his deathremains unavenged.There will come a time when Paris will lead Jaures'remains triumphantly into the Pantheon. The Diary of a Village Idler July 24th, 1916. Ihad no reason whatever to move down to the Village.I could have stayed in Chicago or I could have gonehome for my vacation to the little town where myparents must be feeling quite uncomfortable by thistime about my adventures in the Latin quarters of Amer- ica. Virginia wrote to me to come. She said it was theeasiest thing to be a villager from the very first day, ifone only comes properly prepared. And so I bought apink and white striped skirt, a green smock with red andblack trimmings, a white tarn o' shanter, big walking shoeswithout heels, in quite a manly fashion. Once in NewYork, I boarded a bus at the Penn. station, which borethe inscription of the Dorado of my destiny: "Washing- ton Square."It was raining and raining, but I set out with my littlegrip, which contained outside of my necessities for thefirst few days, a box of cigarettes. Virginia had written"You must have cigarettes right from the start. Carrythem in a little case in the pocket of your smock." Well,I set out to hunt for rooms. Next to the famous Garretof Bruno, whose door was locked and labelled with theinscription: "If your knock is not answered, please goaway, as I don't want you."—l was not wanted—areseveral houses with 'Jto rent" signs on the door. I ranga bell at one of these houses and a Frenchwoman openedthe door. She looked me over carefully, scrutinized mysatchel and asked not very invitingly: "Do you paint orwrite?" I was tickled to think that this person shouldthink me an artist at first glance and I admitted—reallyI blushed—that I was a newspaperwoman. "What paperare you with?" was the next query. I wanted to see herstudios and I indicated in a rather stern voice that I had come for that purpose only. I climbed several flights ofstairs and we stepped into a nice large room with threewindows facing the Square. The price was not very highand I paid one month in advance. She left me alone inmy new home. I have a hugh fireplace filled with oldashes and cigarette stumps. I have a mirror and somecarpets and a lot of space to walk, up and down in, and Ithink I shall be very happy here.Virginia had written that all I had to do was to go toPolly's and that that would serve as a kind of Villagebaptism. She also told me to enquire for Jack MacGrathwho is the official introducer and "make-yourself-at-home"man in the Village."If you can get him friendly towards you," she said,"you will know everybody in less than a week. He likesto bring out pretty girls and all you have to do is to con- vince him that you are quite nice." She told me abouta lot of people and I was just crazy to see them all. Vir- ginia had been my class-mate in College and had spent afew weeks with me in Chicago. She told me everythingabout everybody in the Village and she described them sovividly that I was sure I should be able to pick them outin a crowd.I fixed my hair in a fashion that could have passed for"bobbed" and I went out to have dinner at Polly's. Ifound an old building next to a church surrounded byItalian grocery stores and tenement houses.In the backyard of the house, under a tent, were tablesand chairs and a lot of people talking, laughing and eating.Nobody paid any attention to me. I felt quite em- barrassed. Finally I decided to take a chair at a tablewhere a couple of girls and three men were seated. Theyevidently knew each other very well. They did not speak.One of the girls had red hair and red cheeks and theycalled her "Billy." One of the men wore a blue shirtwith turnover collar and had long hair. He was anxiousto get food and called at short intervals, with a very deepvoice: "Mike, I say Mike!" Then Billy asked for a glassof water, drank it in one draught and the scene repeateditself. I was handed, by a nice girl who could not havebeen Polly—because Polly has bobbed hair and this girlhad not—a yellow pad and pencil, to write down my nameand order.Billy wanted another glass of water. Mike just arrivedwith some food for the hungry poet with long hair. I wassure he was a poet. My order came and I soon finished,paid and went out. I was very much disappointed. I hadthought that Polly's was a sort of all-world meeting placewhere one could talk with another quite informally andnow I had eaten a solitary dinner all by myself and hadnothing else to do but to walk home. I had missed myonly chance to make some acquaintances. I strolledthrough the park. The rain had ceased some time ago anda lot of children had come out, playing noisily. Thebenches were filled with men and women who evidentlyhad no other place to sit in.Later in the NightI cannot sleep. I went to bed quite early. But thisconstant noise of the buses and my new surroundingsdrives me out of bed. I think it novel that I should talkto you, little book, because I have no one else, not even,a book to read. My trunk with my travelling library hasnot arrived I am in Greenwich Village. What will it mean to me? I feel adventurous as never before in mylife. I feel a longing for something, but I don't knowwhat. I would like to do things. I would like to be onewith these cigarette smoking women and these men whoseemed so wrapped up in their own conversation in Polly'sor in their thoughts that they were silent. I had notsmoked there.Here is a cigarette. I am lighting it all by myself.lam smoking my first cigarette in the Village. The moon- light pours through my windows. The electric lamps inthe park glimmer like glow worms among the bushes. Ayoung couple stop beneath my window. They laugh andit sounds so harmoniously that it finds an echo in my heart.I'll let it be my first good-night from the Village.I know what I'll do. I'll turn in and I'll dream untilI fall asleep as I did in the Pullman last night, about thatcity editor of the big paper who gives me a chance and Imake good and make the Village my home, not only formy vacation . . . Really what would Miss King inthe old Trib in dear Chi say, if I wrote to her that sheneed not expect me back because I had a much better offerfrom the big paper here which I could not refuse. What asilly thing I am! Bill would say I am an ambitiousphantast! I wonder if Bill misses me . . . ? GoodNight, dear diary. I'll go over there to that cot with itswhite sheets and watch the moon for a while and I'lldream. ... In Our Village On the Square QUITE an astonished face our dear old moon made lastSunday evening as she passed on her quiet journeyover our Village and chanced to look down on her oldplaymate, the fountain on the Square.Sylphic figures in chiffon and bathing suits were dancinggracefully on the once not bus-invaded playground, flittingmerrily from tree to tree like nymphs and fauns playingtheir eternal game. The old cop on the beat who had justturned, comfortably strolling from Bleecker Street, couldnot believe his eyes seeing those informally clothed figureswho had taken possession of the main part of the districtgiven over to his faithful guidance.He arrived in time to prevent them from jumping overthe balustrade and taking a moonlight bath in the fountain.He wasn't rough either. He couldn't be, confronted withso much youth and chiffon. He coaxed them paternallyand he really succeeded.Hush! Hush! Hush! They disappeared here and thereand again the Square was deserted, with the solitary coplike a black giant looking contemplatively up at the treesor in the sparkling drops of the fountain. The moonthrew a few pieces of her silver into the puddle aroundthe fountain and continued on her endless journey. Ablack cat miaowed a little while, sentimentally, and thenwalked gravely to a hugh garbage pail on the south side.And everything was peaceful in the Village.Mrs. Louise Allison was responsible for the chiffon andthe nymphs. Her Sunday evening party in her largedimly-lighted studio in the Square was a charming success.Here she devolved an entirely new idea to her astonishedguests. Something should be done for the undertaking business in Greenwich Village. Color, rhythym and lifeare added to almost everything in life in these latter daysof revolutionizing art and only the poor undertakers arecondemned to continue in their sombre black. She has aunique plan, pleasing to all those concerned, especiallypleasing to the artist—and dead men cannot kick. Fritz Von Frantius, the Chicago banker and art-lover,came last week to the Village for the first time in his life.He liked the square and agreed that it is about the loveli- est spot in dusty old New York.Von Frantzius is one of the patrons of the Museum ofFine Arts in Chicago and it is due to his good judgmentthat the metropolis of the West is in possession of twovery fine specimens of the powerful and weird art. ofFranz von Stuck. IVIr. Von Frantzius purchased theStuck paintings from the German loan exhibition to thiscountry. His own home in Chicago contains many arttreasures and he is known as the friend of artists far out- side the boundaries of his own home town.Witter Bynner, of Tiger fame, old time resident of theSquare, visited his old haunts and refused contrary towhat one might expect from a well-established poet, toadmire a peculiarly shaped moon which insisted in aston- ishing a few villagers who had dined out till late in themorning.Jack McGrath appeared at Mrs. Allison's Sundayparty in the costume of a Greek hero. Heroically Greekhe seemed serving punch from a huge bowl; serving itwith that distinguished gesture which is his very own.Willard Bradley, once upon a time editor of the Green- wich Village News, one of the many literary achievementsthat has come to grief inside the boundaries of the Vil- lage, received from the Union Film Company the nicesum of $1,200, as he made known to us, for his eight pagescenario called "Beloved Imp. The world does not accept readily and with open armsprophets of a new creed and apostles of a new art.We want to discover great men after their death.G. B. Books and Magazines of the Week Others Frank Harris and the N. Y. Times Book Review | have received many letters from book reviewers andliterary editors from all over, the country, referring tomy recent enquiry why the New York Times Book Reviewdid not give some of its space to that singular book ofFrank Harris, "Life of Oscar Wilde and His Confes- sions." They revealed to me that the chance of receivingan impartial and honest criticism of a book is almost animpossibility under the prevailing conditions.Compare the books reviewed in last Sunday's issue withthe advertisements, and you will find that only certainpublishers are represented in both departments: in theeditorial and among the advertisers. What chance thenhas the man who has placed his own imprint upon the titlepage, who has to rely upon his own means of distributionand who cannot or will not spend money for advertising?Not only is a conspiracy of silence in existence againstcertain authors but also a more pernicious and even crim- inal conspiracy of publicity exists against the public. Booksare praised and reviewed and consequently bought by thereading public, which no honest critic would consider read- ing through after he had glanced over the first few pages.Frank Harris last year wrote his "Contemporary Por- traits;" a book, perhaps the first book which brought thebest read authors of Europe nearer as humans to the heartof America. Mitchell Kennerley published this book.It has been in demand ever since, in fact it is out of printat present. It was not only a noteworthy book but onewhich filled a long felt want; one which was given twocolumns in the London "Daily Mail." The "Book Re- view of the New York Times" wrote it up in less than adozen lines.Frank Harris was "persona non grata" for certain poli- tical reasons. But where is Mr. Ochs' good judgmentand where is his justice to his own readers if he permitsshort-sighted students of publishers advance notice to takepossession of the pages of his paper, which should be de- voted to serious literary criticism. The loss is not FrankHarris' but Mr. Ochs' own readers are the losers. Theonly purpose of such a Book Review is the enlightenmentof the reading public. It should serve as a guide amongnew books.And how many books do we discover after years of theirexistence by mere chance, because their publishers did nothappen to be advertisers or their authors did not suit thepolitical attitude of the editor.Ceterum autem censeo . . . Frank Harris' OscarWilde book should be given space in the Book Review ofthe New York Times. The Review The Poetry Review (London) prints as a leadingfeature of its current issue a play presented by MadameBernard on the stage of the field theatre. It is writtenby a Frnch Field officer and let us hope that he fe usinghis sword in a worthier manner for his great cause thanhe does his pen. The play is a very poor machination de- signed to demonstrate ad oculoSj that war equalizes allpatriots and that death on the battlefield is the sweetestand most desirable achievement in the life of an honorableyoung man. The great Sarah might have played it well,but why print such bosh? These concerts and dramatic benefits are greater horrors than the war itself. Whynot let the people give their money outright for a goodcause ? Or should those who are at home get their fill oftorture too? The Little Review Margaret C. Anderson went a-travelling and this timeshe took along her Magazine "The Little Review." Sheis in San Francisco and the Review did not need muchtime to get acclimatized. The Imagist Poets of 1916;I mean the different anthologies as exploited in manyjournals by the amicable Amy Lowell, are still spookingin its pages, but there are again, as in almost every num- ber, new names with new things pleasant and less pleasant,and The Little Review deserves its well-earned place onthe reading table or still better, in your pocket, until youhave finished the issue. Poetry Harriet Monroe, Dean of American Poetry explorers,enlightens the readers of her sheet this month how not toaward poetry prizes and how not to conduct poetry con- tests. She registers quite a kick against The Poetry So- ciety in New York, whose annual dinner she attended dur- ing her last stay in the metropolis. But why notacknowledge frankly that this venerable body of self- crowned poets is only one of the many mutual-admirationsocieties, as they may be found galore among our so-calledintellectuals. A real Poet, I mean one by the Grace ofGod, would not and could not enter a union of artisans,at their best. He would not even submit his poems to thevarious centres of so-called Poetry, founded and supportedby nice, old middle-aged ladies of both sexes who believethemselves poetesses, or at least wish other people to makethem believe they are.American poets, and there are some among us, are sleep- ing at present on park benches, and you can find one everymidnight in Fleischman's breadline! Benches are hardresting places and Fleischman's bread line is not the mostpleasant place to get one's grub, but there are checks forth- coming from certain poetry centres which have a sourtaste . . . they are tainted by prostitution. The Egoist, London This excellent journal, the only one from English shoresat present bearing the stigma of the big times Europe ispassing through has of late somehow changed radically inits contents. Not in its excellence, but the idealism whichone could read between the lines of its page has givenway to a bit of philosophy of hopelessness, and then thereis Mr. Ezra Pound again among the contributors and thatmight have something to do with it. Richard Aldington,the assistant editor, is doing military service and his "Asolemn Dialogue" in the current issue expresses very littlemartial enthusiasm, but some very clear views of whatmilitary service means to the individual: slavery. The Chimera William Rose Benet is the editor of this new magazine,whose second number shows very little difference from allthe other new poetry magazines designed to bless usmonthly. There is that erotic poetess, Helen Hoyt, andthat idealist, Marian Moore, then the flock of Mr.Kreymborg almost in a body and a few of Miss Monroe'sprotegees. Alfred Kreymborg's "Magazine of the New Verse"has four associate editors and its twenty contributorsmake the July issue quite a little volume. "Everybody'sdoing it . . ." : saying something about something elsein a different way, broken up in lines, creating the formof printed poetry. Kreymborg's poem "Dawns" is goodand reminds us very much of that Kreymborg of two yearsago, who was a poet, not a champion of poets and not apublisher of the new verse of others. After Paul Verlaine I. By Ernest Dowson II pleut doucement sur la ville. Rimbaud\/RARS fall within mine heart,As rain upon the town:Whence does this languor start,Possessing all mine heart?O sweet fall of the rainUpon the earth and roofs!Unto an heart in pain,O music of the rain!Tears that have no reasonFall in my sorry heart:What! there was no treason?This grief hath no reason.Nay! the more desolate,Because, I know not why,(Neither for love nor hate).Mine heart is desolate. A Fable from Washington Square James Waldo Fawcett. A T the bottom of the little green rubbish can lay abeautiful diamond. It had slipped out of the en- gagement ring which had passed between two lovers andwas now quite lost in the ebony depths of this strangecavity. The jewel knew its value and significance, andit tried valiantly to attract the attention of passersby. Itflashed long, clear streamers of white light into the face of the sun each time the can was emptied. But those whoperformed this service were blind, and did not see.It confided its difficulties to the can itself and, althoughthe can tried to explain to the passing throng, its voicewas weak, and it failed.But one day a little dead bird was thrown into thecan, and the soul of the bird heard the story. "What awonderful thing," it cried. "I may still be useful inthe world!"Days passed and the little bird withered and' dried underthe summer sun. Then, one day, a voice rang out besidethe green rubbish can."Here, Sam!" it called. "Here's one that needs athorough cleaning. * It's dreadful!"The inspector, whose voice this was, went away. Andso the diamond was found again. It did not come intothe hands of those who had lost it. But in the familyof Sam Coronelli it was brought into service again.And service, as I have hoped to show, is the delight ofcommon things. Jean By Orrick Johns WHEN they passed the corners she spoke to almosteverybody. At the drug-store she asked him towait outside. Presently she came back and pulled him in.The druggist gave them both ice cream. She leaned overto Martin. "You don't have to pay," she said; "I dothings for him sometimes. He's real nice." Neither ofthem said another word while they ate the ice cream.She led him through the streets to the picture show,and when they got there she hesitated. Martin thoughtshe was angry about something. "Are you going to buythe tickets?" she said. He answered, "No, you knowwhy? Because you don't want to go." He thought heought to walk away fast and leave her where she was.She could get the rich druggist to take her home. "I'drather walk," she said, standing on tiptoe and poking herchin out to him, "let's just walk." He felt as he did whenhe saw something good to eat lying on a table, and couldjust take it and nobody would know. As they walkedalong she took his arm and said: "Can I have the dimeyou were going to buy the tickets with?" He said, "Sure,"and handed it to her. She took it and said, "Thanks,"and then said, "Now you'll never say 'sure' in that meanway again, because I won't stand it. I'm not like therest of my family."They came to a bakery box sitting against the wall onthe sidewalk, and she asked him to sit down with her.Martin saw the same things she did, but he would havethought he was a fool if he talked about them so much."I like to watch people and a girl can't at night whenit's better, because the men are with them," she said. "Ihate to see women alone." She picked up his hand andsaid it scratched her, it was so rough. He felt like heought to hold her's until after she wanted to let go, buthe was afraid to. "You ought to get rich, Martin, shesaid, "but none of my family will. Maybe I'll marryriches."They were beginning to feel the cold and presently shesaid, "Let's go home, because I want to tell you some- thing." As they passed the picture show again, she stoppedand looked square at him and told him: "I didn't want togo in there, but I wanted to go out. The druggist didn'tgive me the ice cream; I bought it and asked you for thedime, because a gentleman should always treat a lady.So now, if you're mad, you can go home to your oldmother; she's sulky enough." Martin wanted to hit her,but the next instant she grabbed hold of his arm andpinched it and was saying for him not to be a fool like somany boys were. She added, "I couldn't tell you aboutthe ice cream unless I was walking. I always have towalk when there's something on my soul."She told him she was eighteen and would never workin a factory after her father died, and she hated the drug- gist because he once told her she was pretty, and everybodyknew he was a liar. She said she loved to get up earlyin the morning and dress, and that she loved to dress, allexcept shoes, and that some day she would never wearshoes again—she would just forget them. Martin thoughtit was funny she had not been born a boy, and that itwould be nice to have money, because she might lookbetter in a new dress. When he asked to come to see her,she said sometimes she cried and he had better bring abucket along.She did Mrs. Hupp's work all the time after that. Theold woman went on about it, but Martin never said any- thing to her at all. It was a great comfort to have thingspretty and clean and find supper on the fire when he camein. He always used to hold the door open a little toolong, no matter how cold it was, because he was a fresh- air crank. Sometimes he would see the girl and his mothertogether. He thought Jean was like lightning, she was soquick about doing things. When she aad his mother spoketo each other they almost always seemed mad. Jean wouldstop in the middle of her work while they looked hardinto each other's eyes, as though it were a trial of strength.But sometimes she just went on like she had not heardMrs. Hupp speak. And the old woman followed the girlaround with her sharp glances, which never seemed to misslooking at everything. Read FRANK HARRIS' "LIFE OF OSCARffWrite for the prospectus which will be mailed to you free of charge by Frank Harris, 3 Washington Square, New York CityEdith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.j. 112. McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTE■ .. .. „ , . ... - *Fifth Avenue _ . iinnwemtir Pte®®RA^.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York G ON F ARONE'S40 Wert Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn. ' • A • •• • J - * I V* * . * " - v* v(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining RoomFrom the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wroagway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation Wear.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076. - WANTED you to know that at -60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on-display many odd piecesof Brasses* Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6 p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m.T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y.JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies9 Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea D Rare BooksFirst EditionsExtra BhUwhd Boofca. Early Prmtod Boo&amp;a. AmdiiiM Bcaka. Book* for Ckribtmais Calls*Pwrdheeed tiaglf or k aala for peopk who km MStkar Hbm nor opportwtity to salsci lor tkiMiaanlhraii.or lor tkoaa wbo tsave not access to tka kast book marts. Wky aol kaflt cdhtfag bow?Address, E. V. Boston Transact, Boston, Mass. Far Hmm% ApmtamtU or Rooma, SmPEPE &amp;REAL ESTATE ANDTdbphao* 41 If SptmgBRO.INSURANCE40 So. WwlfajtMl SfBMCm. of KUcPanal Sfciii Bmng m fc«ekIN WHICHw* My just what w» thnk. PeklMwd iwy amrth by Www Pml GdU« «k 171 Wilton Avenuein Datrnt, it is a Side keek wskpMly Sftatfrafod. Write for wapk cepy. I BUY BOOKSSmgle TohamM, small lots, ami SMm; aatograph Icttm of kmowm Wtmmrjrn&amp;to, drawings, pfctnra* audi nmpashp Addra»"COLLECTOR," Car* mi Bnmese Wwfclj, 58 Wasfciaglee Sq. ROSSI BROTHERSSS WMbsbgton Sqwr«UndciBMlb dn GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger. Titer® can be no pleasanter place to bear that remarkableEdison Record N«nber (82536) tbanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the deiightfnl atmmphere of Old Greenwich Village has not Vwa "fifrftrrHIon the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with oar roimplihmiMilii,an interesting little biography of Mr. Tbos. A.Phone: Stuyvesant 4570 Edison