Secession 2 July 1922 naay_1922-07_01 Secession 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 NOTES 2 FOUR POEMS E. E. CUMMINGS cre W. J. TURNER cre MALCOLM COWLEY cre 3-7 I. 3 II. 4 III. 5 IV. 6-7 POEM MALCOLM COWLEY cre 8 THE BOOK OF YUL KENNETH BURKE cre 9-19 MR. AA THE ANTIPHILOSOPHER TRISTAN TZARA cre 20-21 PLOTS FOR PENPUSHERS SLATER BROWN cre 22 THE OBLATE 1. 23 DIRECTOR: GORHAM B. MUNSONTemporary editorial office : Berlin, GermanyBusiness office : Peter K. Hurwitz, Treasurer, 1361 - 46 Street, Brooklyn,New YorkAddress all correspondence, editorial and business, to Peter K. Hurwitz,Treasurer, 1361 -46 Street, Brooklyn, New York PRICE OF THIS NUMBER20 cents in America 2 francs 50 in France 1 shilling- in EnglandSubscriptions, $ 1.00, 12 francs, or 5 shillings for six numbers NUMBER TWO JULY 1922 NOTES Slater Brown: The mayor of Imst, Austrian Tyrol, elected on aSecession ticket.Kenneth Burke: The mayor of Weehawken, New Jersey, electedon a Secession issue — an investigation of Amer- ican literary criticism.Malcolm Cowley: The mayor of Montpellier, France, an honoraccorded for the first time to a foreigner. Pledgedto the Secession plank — Back to the Elizabethans!E. E. Cummings: Candidate for the mayoralty of Paris, the presentliterary capital of America. Indorses Secessioncampaign against Louis Untermeyer, an anthologistbest known for the omission of William CarlosWilliams and Marianne Moore from his ModernAmerican Poetry.Matthew Josephson: Rival candidate for the mayoralty of Paris. Authorof many Secession campaign documents. Recentlywounded in a duel with Will Bray at the PareMonceau. The duel arose, it is rumored, from aquarrel concerning a certain lady editor and poetessof Cass Street, Chicago.The cover design is by Ludwig Kassak, a Hungarian communist andrefugee in Vienna. He is the editor of MA, a publication in correspon- dence with those of the advance guard in France, Russia, Germany andAmerica. FOUR POEMS E. E. CUMMINGS W. J. TURNER MALCOLM COWLEY I. on the Madam's best april thetwenty nellieanyway andit's flutters everything- queer; does smells he smiles islike Out of doors he's a witheyes and making- twice the a weekyou kind of, know (kind well ofA sort of the way he smile butand her a I mean me aIrish, cook but well oh don'tyou makes burst want to dear somehowquickyes when (now, dark dear oh)the icemanhow, luminouslyoh how listens and, expandsmy somewhereallbverme heart mythe halfgloom coolishof The what areparks for wig-gle yes hasare leap, which, anywaygive rapid lapfulls ofidiotic big hands II. (and i imaginenever mind Joe agreably cheerfully remarked whensurrounded by fat stupid animalsthe jewess shreikedthe messiah tumbled successfully into the worldthe animals continued eating-. And i imagine she, andheard them slobber andin the darkness)stood sharp angels with faces like Jim Europe III. life hurl my ..yes, crumbles hand (ful released conarefetti) ev eryflitter,inga. wheremillions of aflickf)litter ing brightmillion ofS hurl;edindodg: ingwhom are Eyes shy-dodge is bright cruMbshandful, quick- hurl edinwhoIs flittercrumbs, fluttercrimbs are floatfallin, g; ailwhere:a: crimbflitteringish is arefloatsis ingfallall! mil, shymilbrightlionsmy (hurl flicker handfulin) dodging are shybrigHteyes is crumbs (all!) it, ey hs IV. workingman with hand so hairy-sturdyyou may turn O turn that airy hurdysturdygurdybut when will turn backward O backward Time in yourno thy flightand make me a child, a pretty dribbling- child, a little child.In thy your ear:en amerique on ne boit que de Jingyale.things are going rather kakaover there, over there.yet we scarcely fare much better — —what's become of (if you please)all the glory that or which was Greeceall the grandjathat was dada?make me a child, stout hurdysturdygurdymanwaiter, make me a child. So this is Paris.i will sit in the corner and drink thinks and think drinks,in memory of the Grand and Old days:of Amy Sandburgof Algernon Carl Swinburned.Waiter a drink waiter two or three drinkswhat's become of Maeterlinknow that April's here?(ask the man who owns oneask Dad, He knows). It is strange that a little mudShould echo with sounds, syllables, and letters;Should rise up and call a mountain Popocatapetl,And a green-leafed wood Oleander. Play it for me again; the theme repeatedslips insensibly from major into minor;each chord, each tone drumming- separatelyagainst taut nerves.I have heard melodiesthat stilled the hammer of the heart againstthe boxed ribs, that played like caressing handsalong the spine, but theirs is a facile beautywhich you despise, whose long prehensile fingersgrope for expression painfully along the keys.And there are melodies which assault the body,entering in at the mouth and the nose and the littlepores beneath the armpits, and having takenpossession of me utterly, burst throughthe parchment armor of skin.0 beautytoo great for this my body, infectedwith the venerealities of sense!O all-sufficient loveliness:1 clingvainly to the marble of your flanksvainly against the thighs of beauty, knowingbefore the ecstasy that my clenched fingerswill loose their perilous grip, that I shall fallawkwardly to adjust myself aboutmy skeleton.But play the theme once moreonce more ... in the pool of sense, the ripples widenuselessly lap the shores and die away. POEM MALCOLM COWLEY One morning during Carnaval they found two swans in thePublic Garden, their long necks twisted, two swans lyingsplendidly dead under a magnolianot yet in blossom and nobody ever knew why they werekilled, whether it was a drunkard, whether an old mantired of women's bodies and wishing thus to destroya more impeccable beauty, or was he young (overthem bendsa domino, black with white moons for buttons, while thesky like a domino bends more vastly over).It was a crime of passion; if I have readof other passionate crimes in curtained alcoves, knifeor poison, they were less splendid than these two deadswans, O less magnificent than the formal pool, empty with- out them, this empty pool which staresfixedly into a fixed and empty sky. THE BOOK OF YUL KENNETH BURKE Part One While waiting-, two men carried on a conversationthat flapped and fluttered like an old newspaper. Anda third was silent. Finally, the conversation gained inintensity, culminating- in some disagreeable figure orimage. Whereat, the third man rose and left the room.With us following, for it is he who conceived of Yuland the eleventh city. Thus:Three men in a room, towards night. Two of themsat in the cold, sprawled somewhat, and with theirovercoats on. The third was huddled in a Morris-chair,knees up to his chin, looking down over his toes atthe vague carpet. „Do you think she will come?" oneof the other two asked. He swallowed, and noticedthat his throat was getting sore. For a while theyshifted slightly, in silence. (As the room grew darker,no one had moved to light the lamps.) The soundsoutside came in dampened by the snow.„We should have started a fire when we first gothere", the first man said, yawning. „If we're goingto wait around here we might as well be comfortable."„Too late now, she'll be along any minute."The man hunched up in the Morris-chair sniffledthree or four times, and then blew his nose. „Ah, whata bitter world!" one of the others laughed. „Look, thepoor devil had to move." ... A heavy clock, inanother room somewhere, or upstairs, or in the hall,sunk seven strokes into the room. Outside an auto- mobile stalled. They heard the scraping of the self- starter several times before the motor began workingagain. Then the car jerked ahead; then stalled. Aftera few minutes, however, the motor thumped with asolid regularity, and the car passed on down the street.Out of the high windows the snow could be seenfalling diagonally across a street lamp.„This waiting outside the gates of Heaven is coldbusiness."„Why in the name of God do you call it the gatesof Heaven?" *Somebody could be heard walking-. Thump, thump,THUMP louder . . . then THUMP, THUMP, thumpfainter. „Probably the people in the next house."Listening intently, they could even catch a grumbleof voices. Off up there, on the other side of the wallsomewhere, people were no doubt sitting- around talk- ing, before a big fire, in a room full of light, eating,or maybe drinking something strong. Like those con- ceptions of perfect luxury which are inserted in theupper right-hand corner, the rest of the picture beingdevoted to a boy in rags, starving to death in asnowy alley.A wind caught in the chimney in such a way asto disturb the burnt rubbish in the grate. The smellof rotten apples blew out into the room. Two girlspassed outside, laughing, and hurrying with short,sharp steps. The man who had swallowed a little whileago brought up some saliva and swallowed again, totest his throat; the glands were distinctly swollen. Heshot his cigarette into the dead grate; after a fewmoments, however, he lighted another. He said, „Damnthis place for a tomb." A pause; then he continued,„When I stay very long in a place like this I alwaysthink, what if I were trapped in? ... when I was aboy, I saw a crow early one spring standing boltupright in a tree. I went closer, and he didn't fly.Then I saw that his foot had been caught in a foxtrap. He flew to this tree, where the chain got caughtin one of the branches. So he had been there duringthe winter, exposed to the cold and without food;and when he died the trap weighted him so that hestood up as chestily as the healthiest crow you eversaw. . . . When I wait in a place like this, I can't helpthinking of dying that way. Can't you imagine us allsitting here in this darkness, dead, you holding a pipe,and me like this, and him over there in the cornerall hunched up!" At this point, the man in the Morris- chair got up, left the room, and could be heard imme- diately afterwards going down the stone stairs on tothe street.The snow was falling now in thick wet gobs. Beforehe had gone fifty feet it was clinging to the fuzz onhis woolen coat. Big banks of cleanliness had been stacked up. The lights of the store windows laydistinctly across the pavements. In that arc-light, in thecarbon, in one molecule of the carbon, maybe, therewas a little world, with planets and stars, and an in- finite sky, and things living on some of the planets,and things living on those things. Someday some bighand would want our universe for an arc-light, andcrunch, away it would go. „In one little corner beyondthe stars, a world glowing up there all by itself, notcrowded in the way ours is . . ." God, what a night!He listened unconsciously to the different scrapings ofthe shovels.He started to turn into the subway, but did not doso, since an elation was on him. Instead, he went intothe park, and stamped about in the heavy snow, evenwalked across one of the ponds, in fact. A gust ofwind hit him strong enough for him to rise up againstit, and yell into the teeth of it. Then he swung hisarms, and charged an embankment. When he reachedthe top, he looked about him, a half mile across thepark to the lights of the apartments along the edge.The wind dropped away; he was almost hot after hisexertion. He opened his coat and laughed a stage laugh.Then he chanted, „Sic erat in principio, et nunc, etsemper, et in caecula saeculorum, amen. And the wind,appearing before me, spook, speek, spike, spuck, SPAKE,,Behold the eleventh citee'. And I, answering unto thewind, spook, speek, spike, spuck, SPAY-ACHE, ,Verily,verily, do I behold the eleventh citee, for there areten others buried beneath it. Gloria!"And then continuing to sing-song the Sic erat,his mind wandered off to elaborate the eleventh city.„It is in the bottom of the sea", he thought, „andlived in by extremely cultivated fishes". But I happento know that it is not at the bottom of the sea; orthat it is not even near the sea. But it stands, bulkyand dead, in the middle of a plain, silhouetted againstthe sky, and cold.It is granite. Even the beds on which the peoplesleep are granite slabs, built in square holes carvedout of the walls. For people live in this eleventh city:quiet, grey-eyed people, who slip about the stone streets,and in and out of the oblong holes which serve as doors. But the under cities are filled with corpses,lying in rows, perfectly preserved, and without smell.The streets are long straight lines, and other longstraight lines drawn perpendicular to these; the sameis consistently true of the architecture.And there was a traveler in this city, by the nameof Yul. Looking ahead at the end of the widest street,he saw a break in the two walls of granite, and wenttowards it. It was a stairway, he found. Broad stairs,the width of a palace in his own country, led downto a platform, then down to a platform, and so ondown and down to platforms. All this was lit with auniform incandescence. While at the base of the stairsthere stood two granite lamp posts, of no great size,but which he could distinguish as clearly as thoughthey were immediately in front of him.But Yul did not descend these stairs. Part Two Yul found the system of transit which had beenevolved here of great ingenuity. It was composed ofsixteen parallel tracks, or rather, endless platforms,which moved continually. These platforms were providedwith benches, pavements, places to eat, and the like.Now, as Yul stepped toward the south, he noticedthat each platform moved slightly faster than the oneto the north of it; and although the change from plat- form to platform was hardly more abrupt than thedifference between the pace of of a baby just learningto walk and the ordinary walking-speed of a grown-up,by the time Yul had reached the fifteenth platform tothe south he was speeding enormously. The sixteenthplatform, however, was entirely different from the fifteenpreceding. To begin with, he found that it could notbe boarded at any point, as with the other platforms.In front of him there moved a stone wall; occasionally,behind this waH he heard a roar, as of something whichapproached and retreated. And Yul, noticing that agroup of grey-gowned figures had stopped near him on the fifteenth platform and seemed to be waiting,waited as well.Within a short time he saw a tower approachingon the sixteenth platform. It advanced evenly, floatedtowards them, growing gradually above them as itcame. When it was only a short ways off, he alsonoticed that there was a break in the stone wall atthis point, and that some of the figures farther downthe platform were already entering there, indue timeit reached him, and he stepped under the square stonearch on to the sixteenth platform. Everything wasquite different here. Instead of the stone benches,pavements, kiosks, there was nothing but this lonelytower and a straight steel track that blurred away tothe east and west. Like the others, he entered thetower, and found it a sort of rest room or waitingroom.Finally, above the grinding of the platforms, afar-off whirr was heard. The grey-clad figures left thetower, Yul thinking it best to follow. A line of carsshot up to the tower and stopped. Yul followed hiscompanions into one of the cars, and they sped alongthe sixteenth platform. Yul sank into a stupor from thisaccumulation of speeds, partaking of nothing but abitter, burning liquid which was brought to him atintervals. After another two days, Yul tired of the cars,and descended at one of the towers. Then he crossedthe fifteen other platforms to the north, and found,when he stepped off the last of them, that he hadreturned almost to the starting point*.He came to the wide street again, and entered oneof the oblong cuts in the stone which served as doorways.Inside, there were winding stairs, lit with the sameunvarying incandescence that he had noticed on thestairs leading down to the buried cities. Yul woundslowly upwards, his steps slapping back at him in aconfusion of echoes. The stairs curved into a room;a large, square room, empty except for a tablet on one of the walls and a bench placed before this tablet.Yul, who could not read the tablet, noticed the firm- ness of the characters, and passed on into the nextroom. This room, too, was large and square and empty.But there was a window hewn out in one wall, oblonglike the doors in the street, except that it was lyingon one of the longer sides. From this window Yulcould see across the plain to the even, cold horizon.It was in still another room, the third, that Yul voided.Yul then came down from this place into the street,and walked along until he came to a larger graniteentrance than was usual. He entered, finding himselfbeneath a balcony. He walked farther and saw a floorof white marble, dipping in a slow curve toward astage or altar in the distance. Yul fell upon his kneesand wept, this quiet curve was so soothing to him.Looking above him, he saw that here, too, there werecurves; the walls reaching up thin arms of brokenarches; a ceiling behind shadows, and vaulted; andthick wooden beams that worked among one anotherlike a mass of human bodies. The church was nearlydark, while the altar glowed with a soft phosphores- cence.As he wept, Yul felt something which was like apurring of the floor, while an uncertain but penetrativeodor filtered about him. The marble was warm, so thathe lay flat on his back and sent his eyes into theshadows of the beams. » -The odor increased, until Yul felt a restlessnesscome over him. He arose, and began putting aside hisclothes, until finally he stood naked in the middle ofthe vast, empty church. Then, listening with great inten- sity, he thought he could distinguish footsteps. Theywere far away, but hurrying. They would increase,then nearly fall away completely, so that Yul began todespair. But finally they became firmer; they were ad- vancing; they were upon him . . , and down to oneside of the altar he saw a form coming toward him.While it was still far off, Yul could already distin- guish two eyes, which were like moist planets shinedon by the sun. That is, they seemed to lie on theface, with an aggressive clearness, while they did notburn but had rather that quiet, steel-blue light of a planet. Of a moist planet, that is . . . not of somedry planets which are like a copper-red spark. Yulwatched the eyes, as they came nearer to him, likemagnets.And as the form stood before him, Yul saw thatit was the form of a woman; and at once he lovedher clamorously. But she picked up the clothes whichhe had thrown off and held them out to him, so thatYul put them all back upon his body. When he haddressed, he stood in front of her, and looked into hereyes. They were big- and deep, like lakes, for he couldsee down into the rich black pupils as though theyreally were made of water. She took him by the handand led him toward the altar, until Yul threw back hishead and sang. But his notes began lingering andgrumbling to one another among the beams, so thathe quit singing. . . . He was led to the edge of thealtar. Then she let go his hand, and jumped. Lookingwhere she had jumped, Yul saw that she had leaptacross a pit in the centre of the altar. He looked downinto this pit; it was dark, but so far below that itmade him shudder he could see the incandescence ofthe lowest of the buried cities. Then he jumped andfollowed his companion on the other side of the altar.For a time they labored along together, down stepsinto cold damp places; around sudden bends intorooms which were warm and brilliant; through somenarrow passage with a rough, pebbly bottom; thenacross a little stone bridge under which a spring flowedout of the rock and back into it. But of a suddenshe stopped and opened her arms to him. Yul closedagainst her, looking into the roads and caverns of hereyes. She stepped away, tore back her garments withone fling of her hand . . . and Yul crumpled on theground under the impact of his disgust. For shiningout upon the hairs of the mons Veneris, there was athird eye, which beheld him steadily and without blinking.. . . When Yul awoke, the woman had gone. Hebegan working his way slowly back through the laby- rinth of rooms and passages. At last he came uponthe pit, and jumped across it. He saw as he went out•of the church that immediately in front of it was thebroad stairway which led down into the other cities. He looked along the narrowing- avenue of stairs, andat the end of them he could make out something whichmoved. But a peculiar sickness was on him; he longedfor his own country, and dropping where he stood, hefell asleep on the first of the granite stairs. Part Three Later Yul returned to the stone church . . . andthe assembled multitude, lifting its thin voices, chantedin unison the Litany of Error:We shall go into the tenth cityGlory glory unto our woesAnd take the hands of our fathersGlory glory unto our woesAnd kiss the nail holes in their palmsGlory glory unto our woesAnd in the palms of our mothersGlory glory unto our woesAnd touch the old shells of their skinGlory glory unto our woesAnd rejoice that now they are alive oh unfolding of therevelation oh ecstasy of blossoming into a world ofeternity oh astonishment of opening their petals in thewarm garden of our Maker glory glory unto the woes of ourfathers and our fathers before them and whatever may befallus in our own dayThe multitude, and the priest . . . they had alternated,the priest alone, standing in the glow of the altar,carrying the „Glory glory unto our woes." But whenthe lob-end of the prayer was reached, the priest andthe kneeling multitude rose up, while heavy music wassuddenly sprayed into the church. After the singingwas ended, the music wound on for a few bars inreminiscence . . . then it suddenly regained its vigor,and while the multitude knelt again with bowed headsit repeated the entire form of the litany, growing at*the last into a tangle of chromatics, with agitated notes crawling1 in among one another, and accumulating fugues,while the whole jumbled mass grew more voluminousand climbed slowly up the scale. Out of it all thereburst one neat, soft chord, high in the treble. Thischord hung, while the rest of the music dropped away,until finally it existed ail by itself. Then it, too, gradu- ally weakened. But for a long time after it was goneentirely the multitude remained kneeling.Now the ceremony seemed to drop more into thebusiness of worship. At times the multitude would rise,kneel at times, while there were even times when itbecame prostrate on the white marble floor. Up fromout of the altar, a long sermon was delivered by oneof the priests. It was a well wrought sermon, by whichis meant that it showed the effects of a mind whichhad devoted several nights to working out the arabes- ques of its idea. „That which is created creates in turnthat by which it was created". The voice from theglowing altar suffered its little elations, its momentarydiscoveries, its occasional felicities between the ideaand the expression thereof . . . the words spread outover the quiet multitude, certain sounds lodging amongthe beams of the ceiling, others shooting straight tothe ear, others floating up sluggishly ... so that it allbecame slightly confused and mellowed ... in spiteof the hard, little stones of the priest's inexorable logic. . . and the voice rose and fell, went slower in placesfor the purpose of emphasis, hurried across parentheticalexplanations, paused before launching on new devel- opments of the idea, halted and retracted a statementto a degree, dropped into a steady trot of exposition. . , the multitude, far from being disturbed that thewords of it all did not reach them with clarity, restedcomfortably on the dips and fluxes of the priest'svoice.The sermon was followed by a prayer ... in trailingsentences of unequal length . . . some short . . . somestretching out to the length of two breaths . . . and atthe end the multitude joined with the priest in praying . . .the frail single line of words from the altar, then theconfused growl of the multitude. After the prayer, thechurch lay lifeless for a few moments. Then a flash of light shot across it. The priest climbedin leaps upon the altar, until he stood looking downupon the multitude. A chord was struck, and the priest,taking his pitch immediately as the chord vanished,chanted:LET THE NINE CHOSEN BE BROUGHT INTOTHE HOLY ARENAAnd off somewhere, lost in the caverns of the churchwhich led away to the right behind the altar, the chantwas repeated in a little thread of voice:Let the Nine Chosen be brought into the holyarena*Then even fainter, away tho the left behind thealtar:Holy . . . Holy . . . Holy . . .LET THE NINE CHOSEN BE BOUND UPONTHE BEAMS OF THEIR CROSSESLet the Nine Chosen be bound upon the beamsof their crosses.Crosses . . . crosses . . . crosses of holiness . . .LET THE NAILS BE DRIVEN INTO THE HANDSAND THE FEET OF THEM AND THEIR SIDESTRANSFIXED WITH SPEAR HEADS UNTIL BLOODMIXES WITH THE SWEAT OF THE EXECU- TIONERS AND REJOICE THAT NOW THE AREALIVE OH UNFOLDING OF THE REVELATIONOH ECSTASY OF BLOSSOMING INTO A WORLDOF ETERNITY OH ASTONISHMENT OF OPEN- ING THEIR PETALS IN THE WARM GARDENOF OUR MAKER GLORY GLORY UNTO THEWOES OF OUR FATHERS AND OUR FATHERSBEFORE THEM ... AND LO! BEHOLD THEMENTER:The voice stopped; the priest's arms were stretchedout in imitation of the agony of the cross; music brokeout, while at the same time a shrieking rose to theright of the altar; silk streamers began dropping andwisting, played upon by lights of all colors. The college of priests hurried up before the altar, howling„Glory, glory!" leaning forward and bearing the crossesof the Nine Crucified like banners. They stopped shortbefore the pit; the music dropped away; the streamerssubsided into a lazy billow; the lights became onepenetrating reddish purple, which lay in all corners ofthe church like a sunset. The bodies -of the NineCrucified could be seen moving in silence on theircrosses. . . . The priest, from the summit of the altar,gave a signal with his hand, and the crosses with theirburdens were dropped into the pit. For a time theycould be heard, scraping now and' then against thesides, or colliding with one another. Finally, as theyreached the bottom of the lowest city, faint thumpscame up out of the pit.The multitude huddled together, closer about thealtar. It seemed to be listening. The thumps becameheavier; they recurred at set intervals, like a slowtreading of feet. Outside the church, beheld by noone in all this city, the march of the armless giants . . .advancing down the broad stairway which was the widthof a palace in Yul's own country . . . little ripplespassing along their ranks and being lost in thedistance . . . armless giants, which rise up boldly outof their legs, like towers. * He had circled only once about the city in all this time, andthat in spite of the enormous velocity with which he had beentraveling; which facts, it is hoped, will tend to show the vastnessof the eleventh city, and of the ten cities buried beneath it. MR. AA THE ANTIPHILOSOPHER TRISTAN TZARA The room was full of furniture drawn from verydifferent periods. One afternoon as i went out, i wasastonished at being- made to wait at the door 2or 3minutes. Mr. Aa was sitting- on a chest. She beggedme, laughing, not to be disturbed. The chest was fullof objects of great value. She said that she had notheard me knock. The coroner entered. Zounds! i cried,you are weeping, you are moved to the point of tears andyou do not breathe a word to me of your troubles. Thepersons who attended the coroner guarded the doors. Thethought of this also aroused me. The coroner was ayoung man. It was clear to me that some generousand ardent sentiment functioned upon his face like asmouldering fire, though whether it were of love orcompassion i could not say. The coroner tapped theobjects in the chest and tested their stability. I satdown at the table with a right gallant air, but by thelight of the candle betwixt him and me i perceived acertain sadness in the countenance and in the eyes ofmy dear friend the coroner. He bent and looked downvery often but said nothing. He marked out the place withsilent powder and thus circumvented the danger. Thecoroner gave orders. These orders seemed as lugubriousto me as the perverse brilliance of this festive gaiety.He related to me that after having learned that i haddeceived him, and that i had gone off with Mr. Aa,he had mounted a horse to pursue me, that he hadarrived at St. Denis a half hour after my departure,that being certain that i would stop at Paris he hadspent 6 weeks in a vain search for me, and that oneday he had recognized Mr. Aa at the Comedy, andthat he was so bravely dressed that he concluded theman owed this fortune to a new haul in scrap ironthe returns of which had filled his money-bags withpalliative warmth. He pulled the cord. Every other day.There i conceived a peaceful and portable manner oflife. It is told that the judge was very severe. Unhappyknight, thou shalt lose all that thou hast loved inthis world. Forgive me that i tell in so few words atale which rends me. A cat forgotten by the express company leaps out of a porcelain vase and justice issolemnly rendered. Forgive me again that i encompassin so few words a tale which pierces my heart. Butthe pancreatic reservoir of the kidneys and the bowelsmakes feasible the crossing of the desert in a sail-boat,which contains bottles of condensed farewells conser- vatories distilleries of gastric disgust and open pocketsstrewn all along way down the Mississippi. PLOTS FOR PENPUSHERS SLATER BROWN {1. The man is motivated by his ideals, the woman by his ideals.2. The man is motivated by his passions, the woman by his passions.3. The man is motivated by his ideals, the woman by his passions.4. The man is motivated by his passions, the woman by his ideals.(1. The man is motivated by her ideals, the woman by her ideals.2. The man is motivated by her passions, the woman by her passions.3. The man is motivated by her ideals, the woman by her passions.4. The man is motivated by her passions, the woman by her ideals.{1. The man is motivated by his ideals, the woman by her ideals.2. The man is motivated by his passions, the woman by her passions.3. The man is motivated by his ideals, the woman by her passions.4. The man is motivated by his passions, the woman by her ideals.{1. The man is motivated by her ideals, the woman by his ideals.2. The man is motivated by her passions, the woman by his passions.3. The man is motivated by her ideals, the woman by his passions.4. The man is motivated by her passions, the woman by his ideals.Note: For novelists or story-tellers only a single item isneccessary. For playwrites, however, the late Geo. P.Baker of Harvard University advises a swift progressionby acts from one item to another. Ex. — C 3 to C 2 toB 2 with slow curtain. (In case slow curtain is deemedinadvisable, A1 may be substituted for B 2.) D1accompanied by soft music makes very affecting climaxfor any arrangement of items. THE OBLATE 1. „Les grands marais phosphorescentsfont de jolis reves et les crocodiles sereprennent la valise faite avec leurpeau."Andre Breton et Ph. Soupault. „But no! Hear me, I beg of you — —"Irrevocable. The man was gone in his spleen, andthe door slammed behind him, while Hyacinth lingeredin an arrested posture. What torture to have the doorclose upon one in the midst of a sentence. It werealmost relief to finish the thought without an audition.Heavens! The man was like a panther: he dartedcalumny, abuse, derision at you, held the stump foran hour, and when you framed your defense, interruptedyou and went off in a petty squall. Well, what of that?Hyacinth still owed him money. He would have tocalm down and come back for it. But his methods, —were they not those of a boxer? To attack constantlyboth as a means of defence and of finishing theopponent.Hyacinth's brain was an angular but smoothly func- tioning affair. Once under steam its glib constructionsnot only lulled his qualms as to his own failings butwere capable of quieting those of others. It wasobviously in full knowledge of this that his friend hadadopted such a high-handed method of dealing with him.How the man had ranted on! Hyacinth shudderedat the thought of what ill-mannered liberties he hadborne for the past hour. He stood near his highwindow and looking out at the valley which lay belowThe Heights, reflected: women? there are millions ofthem down there. Strong-arm methods, a little ogling,a little of the satyr, and they are yours. It is nightfall,and everything blends into the crepuscular marmaladewhich so delights the feeble-minded. For me the whitelight of the sun still fries the Earth.Walking with an older friend whose company wasalways far more soothing to him, a few moments later