Bruno's Weekly 1 8 September 4th, MCMXV naaq_1915-09-04_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 8 Gloom! Ford Madox Hueffer cre 1 Children's Hour on the Square 1-2 Edison's Thimble Opens on the 23rd 3 Cats' Ears D. Molby cre 3 The Evening Performances 4 Miss Callye Weatherred 4 Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village Illustration 5 Nocturne Alfred Kreymborg cre 5 From the Arabic John Addington Symonds cre 5 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 6-7 Pantaloons, by Clara Lice Illustration 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 8 SEPTEMBER 4th, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 19 /5 by Quido tJjruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno, at53 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly. Gloom! Ford Madox Hueffer A N October like November; '"■ August a hundred thousand hours, •And all September, 'A hundred thousand, dragging sunlit days,And half October like a thousand years .And doom!That then was Anterp ...In the name of God,How could they do it? ,Those souls that usually divedInto the dirty caverns of mines;Who usually hivedIn whitened hovels; under ragged poplars;Who dragged muddy shovels, over the grassy mud,Lumbering to work over the greasy sods ...Those men there, with the appearances of clodsWere the bravest men that a usually listless priest of GodEver shrived .And it is not for us to make them an anthem.[112 we found works there would come no wind that would fan themTo a tune that the trumpets might blow it,Shrill through the heaven that's ours or yet Allah'sOr the wide halls of any Valhallas.We can make no such anthem. So that all that is oursFor inditing in sonnets, pantoums, elegiacs, or laysIs this:"In the name of God, how could they do it?" Children's Hour on the Square Even the branches and twigs of the old stately trees on theSquare swayed rhythmically and seemed to whisper oneto the other, while their leaves touched together in the lightwind of the late summer afternoon; they seemed to motionto the bunches of children grouped around the big yellow andred flowers—whose names I don't know— near the fountain,and then they rustled like people that chatter and then theywere silent and motionless as though they thought, and the windcame and swept through them and they had to tell him; andthe wind—that curious fellow—had to sweep lower and loweraround the large circle of people and through those onlookingmen and women, even by the watchful ear of Policeman Sulli- van, of the Mercer Street station, and whirled around the chil- dren—that merry, happy dancing lot. He mounted thesounds that came from the instrument back of the assembly,that huge phonograph which had piped the children and the trees,had opened the buds of the flowers—he mounted them andwent with them up back to the trees, rode them through theleaves, through the branches where the sparrows and otherbirds squeaked and squirmed. They were a little afraid atfirst, but then they settled down comfortably and listened andjoined with their voices, and the branches swayed in the rhythm,and the leaves took up the air, and once in a while the windwhistled and murmured and gave it up, because he was so ter- ribly unmusical, and he just listened. It was the Children's Hour on Washington Square. Sleepy, lazy—yawning in the afternoon sun, lay the houseson the north side of the Square, those aristocrats among NewYork mansions—the shutters drawn, their entrances securelylocked and their owners somewhere on the beach of Floridaor on the top of some mountain. Like some strange islandof happiness, like a far away, only dreamed-of city of peaceis Greenwich Village in these glorious September days whilethe grass is still green and the leaves of the trees at their best.A few social workers had quickly gathered a bunch of childrenon the Square and in the neighboring streets and marched themup right near to the arch, back of the fountain, and new onesarrived every minute, and the message spread that there wasmusic on the Square for the children of our village. Mothersheard of it and brought their little tots. Governesses withtheir charges arrived and at first looked reluctantly aroundand investigated whether it would be quite proper for theirwell-dressed ones to join in the merriment of picturesquerags and healthy, quickly-moving, laughing and shouting littlebodies. It was quite proper. Everybody was happy. Therewere marches, old-fashioned waltzes,, two-steps and one-stepsand fox-trots. Everybody was invited and everybody felt in- vited, and grave, serene, Patrolman Sullivan couldn't helpfeeling it, too. And so he whistled and marked time with legsand hips and hands and even with his big broad shoulders.You should have been there and seen how people's facescheered up, how passers-by. hurrying on their everyday roadof business had a peep at these children—these happy, dancingchildren—how their faces cheered up!And then at 4:30—it had lasted for two hours and a half—the Diamond Disc was carried back to the Little Thimble Thea- tre, and many of the very, very little ones cried and wantedsome more music and dancing. And the crowd was not quickat all in dispersing and going about their business. And every- body felt the charm of the old Square and the lure of youthand the all-equalizing, rejuvenating power of music.The Greenwich Village activities of Mr. Charles Edison pro- vide a Children's Hour twice a week on Washington Square,on Wednesday and Saturday afternoon from 2:00 to 4:30. Edison's Thimble Opens on the 23rd TO tear down solidly-built walls and partitions of an old* Greenwich village mansion is a hard job. Even if thetools and appliances of modern science are putin service; thebuilders of No. 10 Fifth Avenue, the house which is being re- modeled into the daintiest and smallest showhouse in New York,used their hands only and their materials, but all the wreckingmachines of the newest devices are needed to pull down thepartitions and the walls to give place to the auditorium. Itwill take longer than was calculated to transform No. 10 FifthAvenue into a playhouse. The opening performance, whichshould have taken place on the 6th of September, is postponeduntil Thursday, the 23rd. While the alterations are going on,the concerts which are proving of so splendid benefit to boththe composers and musicians who offer their work and to theirlisteners, will continue.Painters and upholsterers make the performances on Monday,Tuesday and Wednesday impossible. But starting with Thurs- day, the 9th of September, the Little Thimble Theatre will beopen every night with the exception of Sunday.While no admission is being charged and everybody interestedin music is welcome to attend, it is necessary to obtain a ticketof admission. The seating capacity is very limited and duringthe last weeks bunches of people had to be turned away ateach performance because they had neglected to get ticketsand there was not even standing room any more to grant themadmission. Tickets can be had at the office of the Little ThimbleTheatre on the fourth floor of the Thimble Theatre Building, byapplying personally or by letter. Cats' Ears By D. Molby IT is fortunate for the cats that their ears are of the shapethey are. They depend so much on their sense of hearingfor their livlihood and for safety that their ears need to bealert and open all the time. If, as is generally the case, thecat lives on a farm and the scraps from the table are scrapedoff a plate out of the window, he needs to hear the clatter ofthe plate else the chickens will come and get them before heknows anything about it. No matter if he is asleep, his earsare alert and he hears.There is a large open space in the cat's ear for the soundvibrations to gather in, and in less than a second after a soundbegins there are enough there so that he knows what it is. Thisls worth a great deal to him for sometimes he is not wantedwhere he is and he can tell it from a single sound so he hastime to go away.The cat's ears are fairly stiff, and broad at the base, yet ifv * • j • . . ear he can give it a quick shake", andbring it right back to place again. The ease with which hedoes it is impressive, and the fact that he always gives it a shakewhenever anything interferes with it is one of the most attrac- tive things about him. The Evening Performances TP HE two evening performances of last week and the matineesin Edison's Little Thimble Theatre were not only a successso far as show successes go: a filled house and twice as manypeople as are on the inside are on the outside and turned awayand furnished with tickets for a show on another day. Towatch the faces of people who are leaving a showhouse ratherthan the expectant expressions before they walk in, to readthese faces tells the story of the show. And everybody wholeft the Little Thimble Theatre during the last week feltelevated, was smiling and chuckling to himself, recollectingthis or that feature of the performance, trying to keep it inmind to tell it or to spring it on some of his acquaintances orfriends.The idea to .give the composers of operettas a chance to playthe most important parts of. their compositions and have someof the choruses and songs sung has proved very successful.And that some of the music produced in the small auditoriumof the Little Thimble Theatre will be heard by larger audiencesin big showhouses. is a question of time. Mr. Charles Edisonwas right in his assertion that there is music being composedright here in New York—music worth while listening to andsurd by equivalent, if not superior to the things picked up byAmerican impresarios in the European market and presentedin-gorgeous attire as our Broadway successes.Miss Clarvoe's operetta, "Love Smoke" contains some verybrilliant music, especially the "Opening Chorus," the "Widows'Song" 'got' the audience and had to be repeated several time?..Little Sally Hamlin and Betty Stence make a fine team: in- terpretive dancing, singing and recitation accompanied by them- selves on the piano.Miss Fox's negro folk lore, her interpretation of negro lifeas portrayed in their old songs and melodies shows clearlythat this original music is more than what we are accustomedfo see of it on our vaudeville stage. It is self-expression of arace so closely affiliated with the American. Miss Fox's voice,which wins the ear of_ the heart of the listener, is especiallyadapted for these touching songs of slavery and bondage, thesesentimental—in the best meaning of the word—longings of anation for its freedom. Miss Callye Weatherred Miss Cally? Weatherred is an Oklahoma college girl. She hasa wonderful, lyric soprano. She came to New York to becomean opera singer. Her interpretation of American composersmade the audiences on last Thursday and Saturday enthusiasticand everyone seen. 1 to feel that America, too, has contributedand is contributing its share to the world of music. Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village Nocturne Alfred Kreymborg The pantaloons are dancing,dancing through the night,pure white pantaloons,underneath the moon,on a jolly wash line,skipping from my room,over to Miranda,who washed them this noon. From the Arabic John Addington Symonds. /~\H when will it be, oh when will it be, oh when,she shall be here, and the flute be here, and the winebe here ? oh thenHer lips shall kiss the lips of the flute, and my lips shall kissthe wine,And I shall drink music from her sweet lips, and she shalldrink madness from mine. Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno "I watched you for a while. I think youwill be game. Don't look at me now please. Keep a naturalface so that the few people that perhaps might have noticed usthink you were waiting for me, and I simply joined you comingout of the hotel. Please carry my satchel."In front of one of the windows of a big department storeshe handed me her grip. She was a young woman. She had ona purple evening coat and very small white satin slippers. Isaw her face for the fraction of a second. I could not noticeany details but felt instinctively that she must be beautiful.She had no hat but I thought I noticed an aigrette standingout of the masses of her blonde hair. "Please don't look atme, as it might arouse the suspicion of those that perhapsfollow me," she said, taking a firm grip on my arm in suchi manner that I could not have turned without swinging hercompletely around. She was not quite as tall as I am and allI could see by turning my head was her white aigrette and herblonde hair. If I only had a cigarette! We reached the depotand 1 thought it best to keep silent. •"Please promise you won't look at me," she said after wereached the well lighted waiting hall, "will you promise?"she asked, necessitating my answer."Of course 1 won't look at you," I said."That is very sweet of you, was her reply. We walkeddown the steps, and I was obsessed by two thoughts. "I mustnot look at her and how could I get a cigarette?""And now I will have to ask you to give me my satchel," Iheard her say, "you promised not to look at me. _It is mostessential that you keep your promise, no matter if you willaccept my proposition or not. I shall leave you now and gointo the women's waiting room for a few minutes. Will youplease manage honestly not to look at me, and still not arousethe curiosity of the people around while I leave you?""I think I can manage that," I answered. I fixed my eyesupon one of the maps high up on the walls of the station.It was a map of Central America and I tried to find the PortoRican Island while I handed her her satchel."I am so happy I singled you out," it sounded like a sighof relief. "I'll be back instantly."I waited a few minutes before I cast my eyes the direc- tion of the women's waiting room. I just saw her disappear inone of the doors. She had an exquisite figure but there wasnothing especially distinctive about her. After I had lostsight of that purple evening wrap, I am sure I could not havedifferentiated her from a few other women that passed in suc- cession through the same door.I strolled up and down through the crowd of people hurryingto the ticket-offices, to the baggage room. Everybody aroundme seemed to have some definite goal he was anxious to reach. I always feel so superior in a crowd of people who are obsessedby the idea that they have a duty to get somewhere and are try- ing their best to get there. I know I have no destination what- ever, but I know I will "get there." Where? Who knows?I will know soon enough after I have arrived. _ How about thiswoman 1 If I only had a cigarette I could enjoy this situationthat would have puzzled a good many or would have made themsuspicious, and that would have thrilled to participate in such astrange adventure.We meet adventures daily on the streets and romance iswatching around every corner. There are two kinds of womenin the "Bagdad on the subway" that most possibly might accostus on the street. Both are adventuresses. The one makesadventure her life profession. The other is passing throughsome tragedy, through something that disturbs her, so elemen- tary, that convention and customs produced during two thousandyears crumble to pieces: she simply sees in you the brothersufferer, the brother that might be willing to help, that per- haps can help. And so she asks you for a night's lodging, orfor a nickel to buy a glass of beer, or to carry her satchel andnot look at her. If I only had a cigarette, how happy I wouldbe!"Well, here I am, my knight sans peur and sans reproche."I instinctively turned around and if I had not recognized hervoice, I surely would not have recognized my purple companionof a few minutes ago. She wore a heavy green and red-brownchecked ulster and a white veil over a black sailor hat thatmade it impossible to recognize her features. She was girlishlyslender, and putting on her gloves. She had the most wonderfulhands I had ever seen. They were long and slim, the nails well- cared for, pink and oval. The knuckles strong. "I had the thingsin my grip. I checked the grip. Please take the check and keepit for me."I think you are wonderfully composed. You seem tohave self-control and I appreciate what you did for me tonightmore than you can ever understand. Even if you don't thinkyou can accept my proposition, please do not ask any questions.All that is necessary for you to know, I shall tell you."I kept silent. She didn't speak for a few seconds. Wehad walked toward the Seventh Avenue back. I felt that theone who was uncomfortable and uneasy in this strange situationwas not myself, but her. But I did not intend to ask anyquestions or encourage her in any way to tell me her story. Youcan't coax a bird to sing. He must feel like it and do itvoluntarily with all the enthusiasm he is capable of: and thenit is worth while listening."Would you like to make twenty-five thousand dollars in oneweek?" she started. I felt her eyes scrutinizing my face.A true daughter of New York, I thought, bred and raised in thehome town of the dollar-hunter. But at the same time, moststriking proof of the existence of heredity. Some of herearly ancestors must have been fighters or robbers, explorersor pirates or something of that kind. I kept silent. Pantaloons, by Clara Lice This Week's Performances and Concerts*Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, ManagerTuesday, 8:00 p. m. Disc Concert on the Square.Wednesday, 2:00 p. m. Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.Thursday, 8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Friday, 8:00 p. m. Disc Concert on the Square.8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Saturday, 2:00 p.m. Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.