Bruno's Weekly 3 26 December 30th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-12-30_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno 3 26 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Love. Guido Bruno cre 2 Merry Christmas, Merry Commerce! Guido Bruno cre 2 On Going to Church George Bernard Shaw cre 2-3 It is impossible to uplift people all the time. Once 3 Sumner, the Vice-Secretary, versus Edna, the Girl of the Street Guido Bruno cre 4-5 The Author of Edna, The Girl of the Street Alfred Kreymborg cre 5 Scars are more painful than words. 5 Quo Vadis? Signed) CHARLES EDISON cre 5 Two Poems By Tom Sleeper 5 A Reverie Walter cre 5 The Trail of Oscar Wilde in America One hundred and fifty contemporary newspaper interviews collected by Guido Bruno 6-7 Two Poems Marianne Moore cre 7 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 Bruno's Weekly Ten Cents December 30th, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno No. 26 DECEMBER 30th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno (Continued from last week) BRUNO'S JVEEKLY (To Be Continued.) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY To Be Continued. BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc., at No. 10 Fitf th Avenue, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office of New York pending. Love. Guido Bruno. Snow was falling.Red bells and evergreen in the shopwindows.Everybody seemed happy.And Jesus Christ passed down the avenue where street girlswalk and smile."Shall we be damned, O Lord?" asked a slender woman in afrightened voice, with her head bowed down. She had recog- nized the Man and had stopped him on the street."Must we be damned?" she repeated in a voice that only Hecould hear. Her heart beat in her throat, her knees shook andshe felt her sin all over her body.Jesus stepped nearer to her. He lifted her head gently. Helooked into her eyes.He kissed her."He that seeks love even if he seeks it on the avenue ofshame, he shall find love ."His voice sounded like a revelation of something that alwayswas, only we have not heard it.Children whispered secrets in the ears of a decorated, white- whiskered Santa Claus in front of a department store."And next Christmas, dear . ..." a man said, passing bywith a handsome girl.Everybody seemed happy. Snow was falling. Christpassed down the avenue where street girls walk and smile.• I n Merry Christmas, Merry Commerce! Guido Bruno. and women feign happiness. They adorn windows withevergreens, with holly, with red ribbons and with symboli- cal bells. The downtown, maelstrom, shopping mart is a mag- net for all.Stores, great and small, have their varied attractions. Atevery counter, in every aisle, Christmas is in the Placardssuggest to prospective purchasers—hosts of last-minute, be- wildered shoppers, intoxicated with the mock Yuletide spirit—methods of bringing happiness to father, mother, sister, brother,sweetheart, friend and acquaintance. Christmas trees, gaudilydecked and laden with things to delight children, create a visionof real home happiness. Holly wreaths, garlands and pmeboughs transform everyday wares on store counter and in dis- play cases into real Christmas offerings.The children are the customers, every saleable article is agift, and the obsequious store proprietors the Santa Clauses. Andall for the sake of dollars and cents—for the money whichthe spurious spirit of Christmas meant for their own purses.Outside the stores, grotesquely garbed Santa Clauses holdcourt. "Suffer the little children to come unto me," is theircommercially prostituted, biblical motto; but only as long asthe tall man in red clothes with white whiskers and with themask which makes his features look beaming and kindly, isfurnished his uniform and paid two dollars a day.And the children come and whisper into the ear of the manwith the whiskey-stained breath. They pour out the innocentsecrets of their childish desires, and then persuade their parents,who will not banish the baby, Santa Claus belief, to enter thestores and purchase the coveted wares from the merchant whouses Christ's name to get the money.Grimacing, hawking street fakirs, blocking sidewalks and di- recting the meanderings of their worthless last-over-niecht toysamid the feet of hurrying pedestrians, come in for their shareof the Christmas tribute—the money that leaves the purse buyerwith the silly abandon which a commerce-conjured Christmasspirit fosters. Vendors of floral offerings, holly and evergreen,which are stolen from Nature and transported cityward in profit- able cargoes, are similarly active.Thoussands of men and women deny themselves luncheons atluncheon time and dinners at dinner time that they may have dollars to buy some unwelcomed gift for someone who willthen pretend appreciation. Many a doctor, tailor, bootmaker,laundryman, grocer and butcher (if they are lenient) will haveto wait for the money owed them by fools who think it neces- sary to give luxurious gifts to their friends to keep up annualappearances."Christmas Money" is advertised in the salary loan columnsof newspapers by the bloodsuckers who should rightly fearto speak, write or even think the name of Christ. Glitteiingjewelry, worth nothing and purchased for an amount a thousandtimes greater than the manufacturing price, is accepted withavidity and delight by women. Their husbands, friends sweet- hearts and sons have signed away their names, income, in fact,everything they possess, ever possessed or will possess in thisworld, to the bland-faced, friendly benefactor behind his sheep- clothes counter in the Quick Loan, Thousand Per Cent bankingbusiness den.Then these make-believe, Christmas celebrants exchangefriendly visits to wish happiness for the New Year—to manifestlove and brotherly feeling. The presents are on exhibition. Theyfind them beautiful. But the yellow Devil of Envy smirks out oftheir eyes, while the muscles of their faces twitch mechanicallythe conventional grimace to show joy which does not exist.Down in their self-pitying hearts they are jealous and mur- mur sincere wishes for happiness and good luck to those whomthey damn.Merry Christmas! Merry Commerce!It is another huge year-end Lie!And so is celebrated the anniversary of Christ's birth.If He Himself should appear on Earth again, would they wel- come Him in the same way? Would the pious sway the incenseburner until He would stagger dizzily to the more wordly? Andwould these smile and shout a joyful welcome? Would He readwith His knowing eyes their great question? "Are you thesolution of the social problem? Will you distribute money andall those things we are seeking?"Would He not clasp about Him His biblical mantle and"fail to understand the thoughts of men, so complexly and elab- orately distorted from His teachings in the coursse of twentycenturies? And would He go?Would He come again in evening dress, with a chrysanthemumin His button-hole, with white gloves in His hands and achapeau claque under His arm?Or would He remain without where snow-laden pine treessend out their long, dark shadows over silvery, glistening snow- fields, where white-winged crows with raucous voices remindthe dark night of its shortness? Would He gaze upward againin the cold dawn into the deep blue sky?And would He desire again to be the Saviour of the World? On Going to Church By George Bernard Shaw III It will not be disputed, I presume, that an unstimulated saintcan work as hard, as long, as finely and on occasion, as fiercely,as a stimulated sinner. Recuperatoin, recreation, inspirationseem to come to the saint far more surely than to the man whogrows coarser and fatter with every additional hundred a year,and who calls the saint an ascetic. A comparison of the worksof our carnivorous drunkard poets with those of Shelley, or ofDr. Johnson's dictionary with that of the vegetarian Littre, issufficient to show that the secret of attaining the highest emi- nence either in poetry or in dictionary compiling (and all fineliterature lies between the two), is to be found neither in alcoholnor in our monstrous habit of bringing millions of useless anddisagreeable animals into existence for the express purpose ofbarbarously slaughtering them, roasting their corpses and eat- ing them. I have myself tried the experiment of not eating meat or drinking tea, coffee or spirits for more than a dozen yearspast, without, as far as I can discover, placing myself at morethan my natural disadvantages relatively to those colleagues ofmine who patronize the slaughter house and the distillery.But then I go to church. If you should chance to see, in acountry church-yard, a bicycle leaning against a tombstone, youare not unlikely to find me inside the church if it is old enoughto be fit for its purpose. There I find rest without languor andrecreation without excitement, both of a quality unknown to thetraveller who turns from the village church to the village innand seeks to renew himself with shandy-gaff. Any place wheremen dwell, village or city, is a reflection of the consciousnessof every single man. In my consciousness there is a market, agarden, a dwelling, a workshop, a lover's walk—above all, acathedral.My appeal to the master-builder is: Mirror this cathedralfor me in enduring stone; make it with hands; let it direct itssure and clear appeal to my senses, so that when my spirit isvaguely groping after an elusive mood my eye shall be caughtby the skyward tower, showing me where, within the cathedral,I may find my way to the cathedral within me. With a rightknowledge of this great function of the cathedral builder, andcraft enough to set an arch on a couple of pillars, makedoors and windows in a good wall and put a roof over them,any modern man might, it seems to me, build churches as theybuilt them in the middle ages; if only the pious founders andthe parson would let him.For want of that knowledge, gentlemen of Mr. Pecksniff's pro- fession make fashionable pencil drawings, presenting what Mr.Pecksniff's creator elsewhere calls an architectooralooral ap- pearance, with which, having delighted the darkened eyes of thecommittee and the clerics, they have them translated into bricksand masonry and take a shilling in the pound on the bill, withthe result that the bishop may consecrate the finished buildinguntil he is black in the face without making a real church of it.Can it be doubted by the pious that babies baptized in suchplaces go to limbo if they die before qualifying themselves forother regions; that prayers said there do not count; nav, thatsuch purposeless, respectable-looking interiors are irreconcilablewith the doctrine of Omnipresence, since the bishop's blessingis no spell of black magic to imprison Omnipotence in a placethat must needs be intolerable to Omniscience?At all events, the godhead in me, certified by the tenth chapterof St. John's Gospel to those who will admit no other authority,refuses to enter these barren places. This is perhaps fortunate,since they are generally kept locked; and even when they areopen, they are jealously guarded in the spirit of that WestminsterAbbey verger who, not long ago, had a stranger arrested forkneeling down, and explained, when remonstrated with, that ifthat sort of thing were tolerated, they would soon have peoplepraying all over the place. Happily, it is not so everywhere.You may now ride or tramp into a village with a fair chance offinding the church-door open and a manuscript placard in theporch, whereby the parson, speaking no less as a man and abrother than as a porter of the House Beautiful gives you tounderstand that the church is open always for those who haveany use for it.Inside such churches you will often find not only carefullycherished work from the ages of faith, which you expect to findnoble and lovely, but sometimes a quite modern furnishing ofthe interior and draping of the altar, evidently done, not bycontract with a firm celebrated for its illustrated catalogues, butby someone who loved and understood the church, and whenbaffled in the search for beautiful things, had at least succeededin avoiding indecently commercial and incongruous ones. Andthen the search for beauty is not always baffled. When thedean and chapter of a cathedral want not merely an ugly but apositively beastly pulpit to preach from—something like theAlbert Memorial canopy, only much worse—they always get it,improbable and unnatural as the enterprise is. Similarly, whenan enlightened country parson wants an unpretending tub tothump, with a few pretty panels in it and a pleasant shape gen- erally, he will, with a little perseverance, soon enough find acraftsman who has picked up the thread of the tradition of hiscraft from the time when that craft was a fine art—as may bedone nowadays more easily than was possible before we hadcheap trips and cheap photographs—and who is only too gladto be allowed to try his hand at something in the line of thattradition. During a bicycle tour, some months ago, I came upon a littlechurch, built long before the sense of beauty and devotion hadbeen supplanted by the sense of respectability and talent, inwhich some neat panels left by a modern carver had beenpainted with a few saints on gold backgrounds, evidently bysome woman who had tried to learn what she could from theearly Florentine masters and had done the work in the truevotive spirit, without any taint of the amateur exhibiting hisirritating and futile imitations of the celebrated artist business.From such humble but quite acceptable efforts, up to the master- piece in stained glass by William Morris and Burne-Jones whichoccasionally astonisiies you in places far more remote and un- likely than Birmingham or Oxford, convincing evidence may bepicked up here and there that the decay of religions from thesixteenth to the nineteenth century was not caused by any atrophyof the artistic faculty, but was an eclipse of religion and com- merce.It is an odd period to look back on from the churchgoer'spoint of view—those eclipsed centuries calling their predecessors"the dark ages," and trying to prove their own piety by raising,at huge expense, gigantic monuments in enduring stone (not veryenduring tiiougii, sometimes) of their infedility. Go to Milan,and join the rush of tourists to its petrified christening-cake ofa cathedral. The projectors of that costly ornament spared noexpense to prove that their devotion was ten times greater thanthat of the builders of San Ambrogio. But every pound theyspent only recorded in marble that their devotion was a hundredtimes less. Go on to Florence and try San Lorenzo, a reallynoble church (which the Milan Cathedral is not,) Brunelleschi'smasterpiece. You cannot but admire its intellectual commandof form, its unaffected dignity, its power and accomplishment, itsmasterly combination of simplicity and homogeneity of planwith elegance and variety of detail: you are even touched bythe retention of that part of the beauty of the older time whichwas perceptible to the Renascent intellect before its weaningfrom heavenly food had been followed by starvation. Youunderstand the deep and serious respect which Michael Angelohad for Brunelleschi—why he said "I can do different work,but not better." But a few minutes walk to Santa MariaNovella or Santa Croce, or a turn in the steam tram to SanMiniato, will bring you to churches built a century or twoearlier; and you have only to cross their thresholds to feel,almost before you have smelt the incense, the difference betweena church built to the pride and glory of God (not to mentionthe Medici) and one built as a sanctuary shielded by God'spresence from pride and glory and all the other burdens of life.In San Lorzeno up goes your head—every isolating advantageyou have of talent, power or rank asserts itself with thrillingpoignancy.In the old churches you forget yourself, and are the equalof the begger at the door, standing on ground made holy bythat labor in which we have discovered the reality of prayer.You may also hit on a church like the Santissima Annunziata,carefully and expensively brought up-to-date, quite in ourmodern church-restoring manner, by generations of princeschewing the cud of the Renascence; and there you will see theworship of glory and the self-sufficiency of intellect giving wayto the display of wealth and elegance as a guarantee of socialimportance—in another word, snobbery.In later edifices you see how intellect, finding its worshippersgrowing colder, had to abandon its dignity and cut capers toattract attention, giving the grotesque, the eccentric, the baroque,even the profane and blasphemous, until, finally, it is thoroughlysnubbed out of its vulgar attempts at self-assertion, and mopesconventionally in our modern churches of St. Nicholas Withoutand St. Walker Within, locked up, except at service time, fromweek's end without ever provoking the smallest protest from apublic only too glad to have an excuse for not going into them.You may read the same history of the human soul in any art youlike to select; but he who runs may read it in the streets bylooking at the churches. It is impossible to uplift people all the time. Oncein a while you have to lower yourself down to theirlevel in order to make them happier and better. Sumner, the Vice-Secretary, versus Edna, the Girl of the Street Guido Bruno. JOHN S. SUMNER, secretary of the Society for the Preventionof Vice, caused my arrest on Wednesday, December 13th,for selling one of his agents a copy of Alfred Kreymborg's"Edna, the Girl of the Street," published two and one halfyears ago and sold during this period in every reputable bookstore in the United States, in England, in France and in Ger- many. I was held by the magistrate in the City Court for trialin Special Sessions in $500 bail until my case shall be decided.The charge preferred against me is that of selling indecentliterature. Who is John S. Sumner? A person vested with the power of discriminating betweendecency and indecency in the tangible expressions of writers,and artists, endowed with the right to seize property of citi- zens after it had been declared indecent by him, to swear outwarrants and have citizens arrested to prevent millions ofother citizens from reading or viewing works of art condemnedby him:most certainly he must be an extraordinary man endowedwith natural gifts which lift him above millions; a scholarof extraordinary learning; a man who knows life in all itsphases; a man who can easily follow the thoughts and reason- ing power of the average human mind.Verily an extraordinary mind is needed to pass judgment onordinary minds."Who is John S. Sumner?" I asked two score of men ofvarious callings and professions in New York. They shruggedtheir shoulders. *'A sort of a lawyer, but now he is the succes- sor of Anthony Comstock."The official "Who's Who" does not mention his name.He is about five feet nine inches. He dresses like the averageman we meet on the street. His shoes are well polished. Hiscranium is flat in the black, not the slightest indication ofimagination. His forehead is in no proportion to his chin. Hismouth is very small, his lips sensual, no characteristic line inhis features. If he laughs he looks uncanny, his eyes arescrewed up, his mouth awry, he seems pleased with somethingunpleasant to someone else.I can imagine such a personality as a successful shippingclerk painstakingly counting packages and parcels and registeringthem in his book. We meet such mediocrities in the offices ofloan sharks.No ordinary mind, no ordinary soul has such eyes for windows.''Extraordinary" has a double meaning. It is beneath theaverage ordinary or above the average ordinary. Mr. Sumner'smine undoubtedly is beneath the ordinary average.My impression of Mr. Sumner is that his mind is not healthyenough to discriminate between the beautiful and the ugly,that his judgment of works of art as decent or as indecent iseverything but competent. I believe that Mr. Sumner is amenace to the creative artist in America, an ill-directing powerfor every American citizen. He is the grand inquisitor of anobscure age who could have flourished five hundred years agobut who is entirely out of place in our era of a free America.A man can never help acting otherwise than according tohis real self. If you look at Mr. Sumner you know his views oflife. The Boston witch trials of the 17th Century cannot berepeated in the New York Courts of the 20th Century.A society for the prevention of vice, supported by the best ofour citizens could be a most estimable institution. In endowingone man with the powers of this society a grave danger pres- ents itself. The choice might fall upon a man like Mr. Sumner orMr. Comstock. Can he state one real tangible case in which heever prevented vice? Did Mr. Comstock during his activities ex- tending over a period of thirty odd years, suppress vice in onesingle instance?Mr. Sumner is accuser and judge in his own person. He ispaid for finding vice. He must fill his card indexes and he musthave something to complain of in order to send off his reports.Why should the citizens of this State permit a man without suit- able qualifications to go about and declare works of art as in- decent, to arrest persons who are trying to lift up humanity?Has a man a right to exist if his chief purpose in life is to dragdown his fellow man? To accuse them; to condemn them uponno evidence but that furnished by his own mind, a mind thathas proven to be void of all discriminating qualities? I believe I voice the sentiment of everybody whoever met Mr.Sumner; whoever heard his arguments and whoever read theevidences of his endeavors, if I say that Mr. Sumner is thelast man on earth to fill the position he occupies. FurthermoreI believe that the position itself should be abolished for ever.But if we must have a censorship let the government of theUnited States establish an official censor, qualified for his posi- tion, governed by a humanitarian and broad program ofrules; an extraordinary position for an extraordinary man tojudge and pass upon the work of extraordinary people for thebenefit of the average ordinary mind.A censor must not be one who's constant motive it is to findviciousness, in order to bolster up his own position and to drawhis salary. Who is Edna the Girl of the Streets? DEFORE she became one of the thousands of unfortunatewomen she was her mother's only daughter. She had toearn a living. The Department Store came—and then the street.Amos Lane met her on the street. He had supper with herand she told him the story of her life.Amos Lane very soon realized that there was not much ofthe adventuress in the companion of his ''night out." The lackof romance disgusted him. Her only desire—money—shockedhim.He paid her for her time—for nothing else; and he wenthome, pondering upon downtrodden women, despising the De- partment Store and its dangers, disgusted with himself.Never again! is his moral.Think of it! If every man on one of these nights, would returnhome and avow his "Never again "If there is no demand, there is very soon no offer. The marketwould close forever.Where is the indecency dangerous to readers? How They Do It. J7 VERYBODY who knows me or my work in Greenwich Vil- lage knows that I have never had commercial ambitions.I have published twenty Chap Books and lost more money thanI had. I had to become indebted to all sorts of tradespeople. Istarted my work without capital and I own nothing to-day.The Garret was beneficial to those who had exhibitions there,to those who read their own poetry and whose books I published—never to myself.With the last cents I could scrape together I rented a placeon Fourth Avenue to continue my work; to edit my Weekly andto dispose of the books I published.Three days after my removal to my new premises a mancame in whose profession was stamped on his face. He did nottry to interest me in some scheme or other and he did not askfor his carfare to Jersey. But he asked for ''Edna: The Girl ofthe Street." I knew then that he was a man from Mr. Sumner'soffice. I had nothing to hide or to be afraid of and I sold himthe book. He inquired if I had some "naked pictures," etc.He came in the next day and bought another copy. He spoket;&gt; me—l don't remember what, and then he went out and calledin a detective who arrested me. He then searched my place. The Judge Murphy was taken down to the City Court on Second Avenue andFirst Street. Judge Murphy, who did not find it necessaryto grant me the "Mr." but called me "Bruno," said:4'l read that book before I signed the warrant for Mr. Sumner.It is a violation of such and such a paragraph of the law."I demanded a postponement and asked him to excuse my ap- pearance on any Monday or Tuesday, as these days are takenup with my work."Writing the —?" asked Judge Murphy."Editing that Weekly of yours or the Chap Books?" Ianswered affirmatively."You might just as well mention that you have to burglarisea home and ask to be excused from this Court" replied theJudge.A judge who is firmly convinced of your guilt before he haseven heard your case.He fixed my bail at $500. Friends Who Restore Your Shaken Belief in Humanity. man who does not wish to have his name mentioned hadheard of my arrest. While I was waiting for the Judgehe went from Pontius to Pilate to secure bail for me. ButFrank Harris appeared all at once like the deux et machina inthe Court room. Words never can express my gratitude for allhe did for me. Money the magnanimous man of means can easilygive, but time, precious time, while one is busy with one's ownaffiairs;—kindness in spirit; a man's intercession for man; allthat cannot be bought with money. It is the manifestation ofa great soul. Frank Harris appeared for me as witness after hehad cancelled his trip to Havanna.His testimony was a brilliant, most fascinating condemnationof Mr. Sumner's office in general and, in the case of "Edna,"especially.Judge Frothingham, quite a different type of judge fromJudge Murphy, a dignified gentleman with even kind and humaninclinations, declined to strike out Mr. Harris' testimony on amotion by Sumner's counsel, because Frank Harris admittedthat his *'is not ordinary."Frank Harris and Sumner! Two extraordinary minds! Theone as high above the average as the other is below the average. The Author of Edna, The Girl ofthe Street Alfred Kreymborg. remember the author of ''Edna"—the story for the printingof which Mr. Bruno was arrested by the Society for the Sup- pression of Vice—l remember him quite distinctly at the tenderage of his composition of it, twenty-three. He was a 110 pound,near-sighted, gloomy, taciturn hermit domiciled in a top floorhall room, rented at six dollars per month, and eating his mealsin a bakery on the proceeds derived from chess instruction. Hewas, in fact, as you will agree, a mortal who does not com- mend himself to our admiration even in retrospect—except, andthis only doubtfully, for his romantic idealism. I remember thislast particularly, because his ''friends" used to laugh at himfor it. Like so many folk of the tender age ascribed to him, hehad a "mission to perform"—he imagined so, at least. Thismission, naturally enough, was the old Tolstoyan one of regen- erating the world through art. A novel or two, some stories, aplay, essays and tentative poems were passionately, arduously,awkwardly, silently and secretly committed to paper. "Edna"was one of these. It was the lad's own experience, "Amos Lane"his nom-de-guerre in the telling of it.The story was presented to Mr. Bruno and published by himabout two years ago. Yesterday, I received a hurry-call fromtiis ex-mayor of garrets along with an invitation, which wasaccepted, to participate in the demolition of a roast duck. Heimparted to me the news of the pleasant adventure which faceshim for having housed in book form the work of the creature oftwenty-three. Incidentally, he asked me to read, or re-read asthe case might be, the 'dangerous" story, and send him a screedsetting forth my reactions. I have done so, and offer herewiththe following paragraph:"Edna" is not a story one would choose for reading aloudto a seminary of young ladies. But it was evidently not intendedfor that benign purpose. Nor can it be termed an immortalachievement, in the light of what artistry it does not contain.It is, however, so clean and so honest a onephase of a theme which will always be timely, as to have heldmy attention by its sheer humanity. Not the least interestingtrait is the outright self-condemnation of the author. In aphrase, the really poignant sincerity of the effort moves me toconfess that I am proud of my close affiliation with the author.I may even go so far as to say that I am ashamed of all thosecompositions since perpetrated on my part in which I may havefallen short of the ideal of truthfulness so frankly championed inEdna." The reading of the work has been a deeply movingand valuable ''lesson" to me. Scars are more painful than words. Quo Vadis? (Signed) CHARLES EDISON. WE have to say farewell in this last issue of our third volumeto a dear friend and staunch standby: Charles Edisonhas resigned from the Board of Directors of Bruno's Weekly.More and more absorbed with the problems of the giganticworks of his father, he cannot devote himself for the time beingto the secret calling of his heart: which brought him down toGreenwich Village and made him for eighteen months the centreof his renowned Greenwich Village activities.Farewell— not for ever.Au Revoir.This is his Letter:December 26, 1916.''My dear Mr. Bruno."It is with a great deal of regret that I am severing myconnnections with Bruno's Weekly. But what can I do? Themultiplication of duties at the factory make it impossible for meto give even the smallest amount of time to an outside ven- ture, no matter how much I believe in it. Antf I do believe inthis one.You have produced something unusual that has solid merit,and such a combination is bound to succeed.And now that I am neither officer, director nor stockholder,there is no privilege left for me but that of becoming a sub- scriber, so you will find my two dollars enclosed. Trusting thatthe Weekly will meet with the success it deserves, I remain,Sincerely, Two Poems By Tom Sleeper Jones QUI TARS are playingIn the hush of Samoan sunsetsAnd softly the music dies awayOver a phantom sea.A bit of laughter rings clear.Gently the air moves among the palmsThen comes the blessed night,The night with its million mysteries.* * * *A jangling alarm clockBreaks distorted slumberAnd from a cheap iron bedI arise,To butt my way to the officeThru the January slushAnd the chill dinginess of a New York morning. Fifth Avenue QJTRUTTING cimeonsOf a barbaric ageSunless monstrositiesOf paint and styleMince and smirkYour way alongNodding to those who areAs doubly damned as you. A Reverie Walter. pUFFING monotonously before the dying fire,The last embers deftly struggling to live;My mind lightly flits past the vale of yearsAnd glances far behind the curtain of manhoodRevealing the one radiant jewel of my empty existence,The companion of my youth, my one true friend;He who understood, sympathized, cared,Because the germ of love was in his soul,The spark of altruism in his very ego.I see him smile upon me, all is light,A golden incandescence floods my roomFor he is with me. The embers die .... darkness.His spirit evanesces, perhaps forever,And there sit I, puffing .... monotonously. The Trail of Oscar Wilde in America One hundred and fifty contemporary newspaper interviewscollected by Guido Bruno The Apostle of Beauty in Nova Scotia Oscar Wilde at Amherst.'J'HE afternoon train from St. John on Friday, brought beauty'slatest evangel to our province. He came, not surrounded bya halo of blue and purple glory, not in a carved car, nor in aGreek urn. He rode on the engine. He saw the little hills re- joicing merrilly. He saw Moncton, and notice.d the irredecentwonder of the "Transcript" editor. He t&lt;r&gt;bk in the pre-Raphaelism of Dorchester. He rejoiced at the preciousness ofWestcock, and was enraptured at the gaudy leonine beauty ofthe Tantramar. Oscar praised the railroad and liked the ap- pointment of the cars. He smoked the cigar of peace as hecrossed the Missequash, but he took no interest in Fort Cum- berland, as the battles fought there were not fought for loveof beauty, but for love of territory.At Amherst he shook hands with the engine driver, gailywished him a good-day, gave him a strong cigar and leapedlightly to the platform, declining the proffered help of thehand kindly outstretched to assist him. The station platformwas crowded with citizens, trying to get a glimpse of "wildOscar," as they called him, and these were anxiously watchingthe door of the car where the Evangelist might be supposed tobe, while he was quietly getting into a carriage and gettingunder way for Lamy's. The first impression on looking at Oscaris that he looks like his pictures. You have seen that picturebefore and are ready to turn over a leaf.A Herald representative called upon Mr. Wilde in his roomat Lamy's. He was received with a polite friendliness that waswinning. The Apostle had no lily nor yet a sun flower. He worea velvet jacket which seemed to be a good jacket. He had anordinary neck-tie and wore a linen collar about number eigh- teen on a neck half a dozen sizes smaller. His legs were introusers such as Greenfield might have made, and his bootswere apparently the product of New York art, judging by theirpointed toes. He wore a ring with a seal of great size. A con- sensus of the opinions of Amherst people decides that Oscar'shair is not good. It is the color of straw, slightly leonime, andstraight as an Indian's. It is faded and bleached looking, andwhen not looked after goes climbing all over his features. Mr.Wilde was communicative and genial. He said that he foundCanada pleasant. He liked the scenery of New Brunswick, asit lent itself readily to art. There were no towering mountains,and deep gulches such as he had seen in the West. There wereno large rivers, but the scenery was always changing as onepassed through. Every turn in the road brought a small surprise.The streams wound attractively through the land, and therewere innumerable hills and valleys of all conceivable forms.Had our autumn forests finer colors than those in England?Well, he would not say that. Our timber was finer, but it'sbeauty was of a different sort. ,Mr. Wilde uses the word ''timber" in a sense that he thinksAmerican. He talks about the leaves on our timber, etc.The conversation turned on newspapers."The editor of a paper," said Oscar, "has an advantage overall other writers. He never waits for his audience, and he issure that what he writes will be read."(Oscar sighed here, doubtless thinking of his poems.)''American journals are in many respects better than theEnglish. I think the American newspaper is the journal of thefuture. It is filled with news. The reader of the large NewYork papers knows everything that goes on in the world that isworth knowing, and much more. Still there is a want of dignity,and an amount of scurrility in the American newspaper whichone gets in smaller towns that is terrible.""Did they not discuss your appearance and your lectures in asomewhat unsatisfactory way?"Oscar at this stage had brought into him a cup of tea andhaving asked your representative to partake with him he laughedquietly and pushed his hair behind his ears, as he replied: "Theytalk in an incredible obtuse manner about my message and mywork. I think nothing whatever about the criticisms now. Itdoes not interest me as it did at first. I understand the peoplewho say those things about me and I cannot bring myself to carewhat they say. I cannot possibly do it At first it surprised me. I came out here, never having spoken in public, in earnest aboutmy message, strongly feeling what I was saying, and I talkedseriously to those people. They heard me and went away andtalked about my necktie and the way I wore my hair. I couldnet understand how people could do such a thing. I thought itinexpressibly stupid."This last with a sigh and a look of half wearied pity at thethought of these critics. He said "stupid" with a strong accentu- ation on the last syllable.''The English Journals," he went on, "are much more seriousand earnest in their tone than yours. But a man who has a namethat is valuable will not be an English journalist. English news- paper articles are written anonymously. A good writer can getno credit for good work, and so will not write for an Englishpeper. The proprietor is everything, the writer nothing there.In France, where the writers sign their names, better men be- come journalists."''But as a matter of fact you can tell who writes many articlesin England.""Yes, in some cases you can. There is George Augusta Sala.(This name was uttered with a weary look as if the physicaleffort of articulating it was nearly too much and the last syllableof Sala was clearly accented.) You can always tell what Salawrites. No other human being can write such intolerableEnglish."Oscar made enquiries about the institutions of Amherst."Do you tell me that it has only three thousand inhabitants?Why (lying back luxuriously on his bear skin rug and sippinghis tea,) I never spoke in a town so small as that, Mr. Towns- hend has driven me about the village and I consider it a beauti- ful little place."He spoke of our style of Government, of democracies gener- ally, of sociology, of Herbert Spencer, whom he had read andadmired greatly. He found nothing in his work or in any otherwork on evolution which differed from Plato and Aristotle."There is nothing in art or philosophy in which we are as wiseas the Greeks. Spencer has prosecuted enquiries which have ledhim to verify the Greek philosopher. No, we should not go backto the Greek, we should try to get up to the Greek. All thatremains for us anywhere is to corroborate the Greeks in every- thing. They reached a level, the summit of which we cannotyet see. True, they had simpler problems. Their commonpeople were less stupid. It is a wonder we do not have twicethe trouble we do have, with the elements that go to make upthe countries we now live in. Our conceptions of beauty mayreach the Greek conception some time. There is nothing higherto hope for.""Yes, I found America pleasant. Out in the West, delightful.At Denver I met the most interesting people I have ever seen."''Rough and ready I suppose?"''Ready, but not rough. They were polished and refined com- pared with the people I met in large cities farther East. Yes, Idid see the common people. I spent a night in a silver mine. Idined with the men down there. They were great, strong, wellformed men, of graceful attitude and free motion. Poems everyone of them. A complete democracy under ground. I find peopleless rough and coarse in such places. There is no chance forroughness. The revolver is their book of etiquette. This teacheslessons that are not forgotten. I wish I could have gone toWinnipeg. I like free people without the resources of civiliza- tion. They are freer and more artistic in their surroundingsbecause they follow nature.""Speaking of the ladies (he had spoken of them) do you con- sider American or European ladies the finest looking?""That I cannot answer here. I shall wait till I get in mid- ocean, out of sight of both countries. If I were to answer you Ishould find it to my advantage to be anything but candid."Your reporter intimated that the last remark was a sufficientanswer.Oscar, smiling and drinking more tea, proceeded: "Youngwomen are pretty. I never saw so many pretty women as Ihave seen here, especially in the South, but the prettiness is incolor and freshness and bloom. A truly beautiful woman nevergrows old. The most of your pretty ladies will not be pretty in ten years.""I believe you discovered Mrs. Langtry?"A look of rapture came to Oscar's face. He flung his locksfrom where they clustered around his nose, and with a gesture,the first of the interview, he said:4'l would rather have discovered Mrs. Langtry than havediscovered America. Her beauty is in outline perfectly moulded.She will be a beauty at eighty-five.""Yes, it was for such ladies that Troy was destroyed, andwell might Troy be destroyed for such a woman. Perhaps itmay be true—they say it is—that the seige of Troy was broughtabout by a quarrel about a harbor, but they thought they foughtfor a woman; they had the conception that it was for beauty,and that is the same as if it was. It would be a fine thing ifnations went to war with each other now over such questionsas to which had the most beautiful women. How much betterthat than the senseless dispute about getting Egypt and possessingArabi. Now that we have caught Arabi we do not know whatto do with him. When I was young I thought the wars of theroses were to decide whether a red or a white rose was themost beautiful. I learned afterward that it was a vulgar dis- pute. The right of one of two men to a crown or something ofthat kind."This last was spoken in a tone of injured susceptibility, asthough York had thrown soup on Oscar's coat, or Lancaster hadsmoked a black pipe over Oscar's dinner."What do I think of your American Literature: I think youhave had a great poet in Poe. He is your greatest poet. Hissense of form and exquisitiveness of touch are intense. Hisgold is not to be gilt and his lilies are unpaintable. JoaquinMiller is also a beautiful poet. 'Arizonian' is a poem of greatartistic excellence. Fawcet, a new poet, whom we had not heardof when I left England, has written some of the most perfectpoetry which I have seen. Walt Whitman if not a poet is aman who sounds a strong note. He writes neither prose norpoetry, but something of his own that is unique. He is oneof your greatest men.""No I do not care for the Commemoration ode of Lowell. Ithas no harmony in its conception. It is oratory of the strongestkind, and is eloquent, but does not meet my idea of poetry.Lowell has written a poem on dedication which is delicatepoetry. You must like it. You have poets with you. In NewBrunswick a young man, Mr. Roberts has published a littlebook. You have heard of it."The reporter had read Robert's published poems and wasdelighted to find that Mr. Wilde met and liked them.And Mulcany, of Toronto, a countryman of my own, a manonce well known at Trinity College. He is a man of taste.Frechette, I believe is however your best poet.""Wordsworth was undoubtedly a poet. I do not read thepoems he liked best of his. I do not care for his *'Idiot Boy,""The Excursion," is nothing to me."Your correspondent intimated that the poem was too longfor what poetry it contained which reduced the average toolow.Said Mr. Wilde, "I do not like to hear poems spoken of astoo long. 'The Excursion' is shorter than the Iliad I would nothave one line less in the Iliad. But I like Wordsworth's Son- nets. That beginning:'Milton thou should'st be living at this hour,' is fine, as isthat which commences:'The world is too much with us.' "As your representative rose to go, having declined a cup oftea, which was again politely offered, he was asked aboutHalifax, the nature of the people and the style of the town.Mr. Wilde had met Sir John Mac Donald and his lady. "SirJohn (and Mr. Wilde sighed as he said it) was a man of theworld, but his lady was charming and so was he."And your correspondent left. There was other talk aboutthe classics, about the French idea of the Dramatic Unities, aboutShakespere and Wordsworth and Keats and Rossetti, but thiswas of a nature too confidential to be communicated to every- body. It will be remembered that Mr. Wilde begins one of hissonnets with this line;*'I stood by the unvintageable sea."Your correspondent thought of this as he was leaving, andremembering that the Tantramar was very muddy as the aesthetepassed over it, he asked, *'Do you consider the Tantramar vin- tageable to any extent?" The apostle laughed gaily at thisproof of the presence of a Philistine, but contented himselfwith praising other streams of less leonine beauty.It may be said here that Mr. Bigelow deserves the greatestcredit for his enterprise and daring in bringing so high priceda man to a small town like Amherst. Mr. Wilde had neverspoken in so small a place before. He had a good house anda good hearing.i Amherst Herald, May 19, 1882 Oscar Wilde in Toronto ZOOMING up krom the Capitol yesterday, when seated atbreakfast, i|\ a far from aesthetic mood, who should beseated next to rf|e but the renowned apostle of the beautiful,Mr. Oscar Wilde. Trusting to the free-masonry of sympatheticideas, I introduced myself as the friend of the late M ,one of the most gifted art critics of this generation, and thejoint author with him of certain sketches of the Old Masters.We are at once en rapport, and I found that I had by thisallusion, as the prophet in the wilderness by his rod, madethe waters to touched a copious spring of highly cul- tured intelligence, philosophical reflection, and acute criticism,both humorous and eloquent. Mr. Wilde is a brilliant con- versationalist, "IT "ppy one in senses, for he can listen aswell as he canlgjhlk, and he can talk so that listening to histongue, eventhe garrulous, becomes more pleasant than tolisten to their Avn. Well, although I am not garrulous I canprevent talk frjopping into silence, and I listened yesterdaymorning to | only conversation worthy the name which Ihave had th' privilege to share in since leaving England manyyears ago, 112 here we cannot find anything to chatover save the virtues of our party and the wickedness of theopposite one, wnich is not a sufficiently varied theme to monopo- lize all one's lingual social capacity or mental sympathies. Tomy mind, one of the greatest disadvantages of life in Canadais the blank, the utter blank, of the charm of intellectual gossip,my talk with Mr. Wilde took me out of the dust and smoke andclatter of a noky monotonous street into the heart of the country,rich in woodland beauty, redolent of floral sweetness, andsoothing to the tired brain as a mother's lullaby to her child.We talked of art, of its present aspects here and at home, ofart culture, of art schools, and their work and failures andneeds. I told Mr. Wilde that years ago I had ventured to laydown as the glaring defect of all Canadian pictures that theyshowed an entire want of the power of drawing with exactitudeany living forms, trees or animals. This he earnestly and almostpassionately approved. "Art," said he, "is not looked upon asan exact science, as it should be; there can be no art withouttruth of form, and no beauty can exist where is falsehood indrawing or color." Two Poems by Marianne Moore The Just Man And HI? pie. "I would beRepossessed of all theSuperlatives that I have squandered,That I might use them in praise of it."The four and twentyBirds were singing while heApportioned it off casuallyAnd found in it nothing for himself. In "Designing a Cloak to Cloak his Designs," you Wrestedfrom Oblivion, a Coat of Immortality for your own Use. by his uningenious willOf dragon-like demeanor, tillIt left them orphans.His foibles clustered underneathHim, dominated by a wreathOf upright half notes.Encumbered as he was with pride,But for that coat he might have diedSo despicablyThat kindness might have seemed unkindHad not the garment been designedTo serve two masters. STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT, CIRCULA-TION, ETC., REQUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESSOF AUGUST 24, 1912,Of Guido Bruno, Inc., published weekly at New York, N. Y., forOct. 1, 1916.State of New York.County of New York.-—ss:Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State and countyaforesaid, personally appeared Guido Bruno, who, having been dulysworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the.' Editor ofBruno's Weekly Incorporated, and that the following" is, to thebest of his knowledge and belief, a true statement, if the ownership,management (and if a daily paper, the circulate m), etc., of theaforesaid publication for the date shown in the *T&gt;ove caption, re-quired by the Act of August 24, 19.12, embodied in action 443, PostalLaws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of =iis form, to wit:1. That the names and addresses of the publi ler, editor, man-aging editor, and business managers are:Publisher, Bruno's Weekly IncM 10 Fifth Avenue; Editor, GuidoBruno, 10 Fifth Avenue; Managing Editor, none; Business Man-ager, Guido Bruno.2. That the owners are: (Give names and addresses of indi-vidual owners, or, if a corporation, give its name and the names andaddresses of stockholders owning or holding 1 per cent or more ofthe total amount of stock.)Charles Edison, Llewellyn Park, Orange, Ncv Jersey; GuidoBruno, 10 Fifth Avenue, N. Y.; Walter Ec|fori., oro Edison Works,Orange, New Jersey.3. That the known bondholders, mortgagees, arj.d securityholders owning or holding 1 per cent, or m "e of Lot. amount ofbonds, mortgages, or other securities are: (If t.hjire re none, sostate.)Charles Edison, Llewellyn Park, Orange, New . ;• y.4. That the two paragraphs next above, giving tJ - names ofthe owners, stockholders, and security holders, if ny, contain notonly the list of stockholders and security holders,, .s they appearupon the books of the company, but also, in cases ,'Viere the stock-holder or security holder appears upon the books ol ! le company astrustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name1"the person orcorporation for whom such trustee is acting, is give ; \lso that thesaid two paragraphs contain statements embracii. : affiant's fullknowledge and belief as to the circumstances and &lt; onditions underwhich stockholders and security holders who do llot appear uponthe books of the company as trustees, hold stock and securities in acapacity other than that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant hasno reason to believe that any other person, association or corpora-tion has any interest direct or indirect in the said tock, bonds, orother securities than as so stated by him.5. That the average number of copies of each issue of thispublication sold and distributed, through the mails dr otherwise, topaid subscribers during the six months preceding the date shownabove, is . . (This information is required from daily publica-tions only.)Sworn to and subscribed before me this 26th day of December,1916.A. MEYERHOFF,Notary Public, Bronx County; Bronx County Clerks,(SEAL.) No. 18; Bronx County Registers, No. 727; Certificatefiled in N. Y. County; New York County Clerks, No.69; New York Registers, No. 7089.6340 SPRING 80 WASHINGTON SQUARENEWTON MERRILLEXPERT IN INTERIOR DECORATIONSR. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED TUESDAY, the 2nd of JANUARYMr. Daniel Kennedy, Auctioneer,will sell at public auction in No. 105Fourth Ave., BOOKS, DRAWINGS,VALUABLE AUTOGRAPHS,PAINTINGS and Original MANU,SCRIPTS, being part of GuidoBruno's Collection, removed recentlyfrom his Garret on Washington Sq.Catalogues will be sent, and seatsreserved on application.THE GARRET SHOP105 Fourth Avenue New YorkAt THE NEW ROMA RESTAURANT of health wherej'ou eat first class and qualiity of Italian and American cook-ing at moderate prices, a la Carte, run by the well knownPETER ROMA, nothing will be neglected with the bedtattention to everybody. Everything is brand new and sani-tary. Dancing every Saturday and Sunday. Grand Hall forBanquets, Weddings, etc.P. ROMA, Manager87-89 Macdougal St., cor. Bleecker St., first floorTelephone Spring 1324OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One of the original 500 copies printed.This book, written by Oscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew York Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the past twenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.Write for catalgoue and send one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from a public gravedigger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City.