The mask 11 2 April 1925 naau_1925-04_01 The mask 11 2 FROM A DRAWING BY OUIDA. Plate 4. Illustration 4 UNIVERSITY AND STAGE. J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 EDOARDO FERRAVILLA AN ESSAY ON A GREAT ACTOR TRANSLATED WITH A BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE BY D. NEVILE LEES. RENATO SIMONI cre 7-17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. 7-13 Untitled Image Illustration 7 THE STAGE ERNEST RHYS cre 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 SHOEMAKER, STICK TO YOUR LAST. A LETTER FROM GORDON CRAIG. E. G. C cre 15-17 THE UNIVERSITIES AND THE DRAMA ALLARDYCE NICOLL cre 18-19 Untitled Image Illustration 19 THIS LITTLE THEATRE C. G. SMITH cre 20-22 BAKST 20-22 HOW DOCTORS WERE SATIRIZED IN THE ANCIENT THEATRE CESARE LEVI cre 23-25; 27-29; 31-33 VENETIAN MARIONNETTES. Two of the figures of the Marionnette Theatre taken to her new home by Loredana Grimani on her marriage with Francesco Morisini, 1772, and now in the Museo Correr in Venice. One of the figures shows a costume of the stage Doctor at that period (see pp. 71-76). Plate 7. Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 29 Untitled Image Illustration 33 WHICH PARIGI... WHICH BIBIENA JAN VAN MOLT cre 33-34 Untitled Image Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 34 TWO WORDS ON LOYALTY TO A CAUSE 34 Untitled Image Illustration 34 THE PLAN OF ROMA FOREWORD GIOVANNI BATTISTA NOLLI, 1748 cre J. S cre 35-42 Cemetaries. Illustration 42 Fountains. Illustration 42 Conduits of which the outlet is covered. Illustration 42 Uncovered opening of Conduits. Illustration 42 Quarters of the Soldiers. Illustration 42 Gates now closed that are to be seen in the walls of Roma. Illustration 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 ARTISTS AND INTERPRETERS X. Y. Z cre 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 FOREIGN NOTES. 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 ONCE ST. PETERSBERG. 44 PARIS 44 MONZA - THE PALAZZO RE ALE. 44 BOOK REVIEWS 45-48 Untitled Image Illustration 45 AN INTRODUCTION TO 45 SONS OF JACOB, a Play by J. 45 A PRIMER OF MODERN ART 45-46 A HISTORY OF THE THEATRE 46 ELEONORA DUSE: The Story 46 SHAKESPEARE'S HAND IN 46-47 THE CONTEMPORARY 47 A MIDSUMMER-NIGHT'S 47 THE ART Of THE THEATRE 48 MAGAZINE REVIEW. 48 44 Theatre Arts Monthly" keeps 48 EDITORIAL NOTES. 49-50 Untitled Image Illustration 49 ABOUT CONRAD AND HIS 49 PASSING FIGURES, 49 o ANNO DOMINI. o 49 AWAY FROM THE MACHINE. 49-50 o ENGLISH o 50 A DRAWING BY OUIDA. (I) Yours, Allen Carric cre 50 UNIVERSITY &amp; THEATRE. J. S cre 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 1 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 THE MASK19 2 5 THE MASK1 1925 THE MASK1925 All Rights reserved. April 1925.Gerente responsabile Antonio MarainiTipografia Giuntina, Firenze. FROM A DRAWING BY OUIDA. Plate 4. UNIVERSITY AND STAGE. J. S. WHY should not there be cooperation twixt Universityand Stage ? We can see nothing and no one to preventit except the over-obvious popular favourites of the EnglishStage and the dreaming section of the University. Mr Allardy ce Nicoll makes a wise plea for such a union in thisnumber of " The Mask " and no one is going to pooh-pooh the soundnotion just because some of Mr Nicoll's statements do not tally with their"no one's " views. What matter the details, why bother whetheriTlschylus and Sophocles were produced by the audiences of the Thea- tres or vice versa: what matter if some of us think that we have alreadyhad too much of "a strong body of cultured opinion.... self-consciouslyasserting itself". The main thing is that cooperation should be strongenough to unite the Universities with all the arts and sciences.Some will say (Captain Marryat assuredly would) that, like Equality,cooperation is an Ideal, is an illusion and has never existed except inbusiness. What of that. It's probably time for it to exist without more ado." Let the artist come into the University" says Mr Nicoll. Buteven if he find the door and knock he may not hear the expectedanswer " Come in "; or should he hear it and go in may find no lifesuch as he has left where all is based on living and letting others live,on courtesy and welcome to all people, all things—life itself. The world teaches a few ancient things—the things which count: theuniversities may have not forgotten these.We ourselves have no knowledge of any Universities; but if men inthese places of learning are anything like those who have the control ofthe Museums, National Libraries and Archives, we are satisfied thaithey can cooperate with any artist and that any artist could cooperatewith them.We are not quite clear what Mr Nicoll means when he says thai4 4 the University in its own way has made the gesture of willingness tccooperate " and that 44 that gesture has not yet been sufficiently repliedto Will he perhaps be more explicit later on.The University of Yale provides its Dramatic section with a vastsum to work with at Yale; but we would like to see an artist and nota professor in charge.We like to learn that Mr Allardyce Nicoll is 44 engaged with sometwenty students in the preparation of an elaborate 4 Dictionary of theDrama *; but we do not like to think that the news was sent to 44 TheMask" and that it was lost in the post. But was the news sent tc44 The Mask " ? The Editorial offices have received not so much as ewhisper about it.Mum should not be the word if cooperation is to become a reality.As for any hatred of the narrowing tendencies of University workthat is we hope an impossibility. The English Stage could with advantage undergo a good deal of that same 44 narrowing " as Mr Nicolrather humourously calls it; and for theatrical people to hate it is alfiddlesticks.There must be no sneering at the University by the Theatre.There must be understanding.This will the sooner come about if our Universities will refrain frorrhonouring none but the more obvious people in the Dramatic world.A University need not follow in the wake of the Court or the Pub!i&lt;and, playing safe, do honour to only those stage favourites whom the wholeworld has long ago dubbed as 4 popular favourites \ and crowned wit!laurels and enriched with gold.We shall always suppose that a University is above anything likeducking to the public, or appealing for its verdict.And in that supposition we welcome Mr NicolFs suggestions and hope to see them come to something worth while. EDOARDO FERRAVILLAAN ESSAY ON A GREAT ACTOR TRANSLATED WITH A BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE BY D. NEVILE LEES. BY RENATO SIMONI THE great comedian had been wasting awayfor months. He could resist no longer. Everydtal force was languishing in him. One day inVlay the delusion came to him that he couldnaster his exhausted body by the power of hisivill. He longed to see once again the street,hat field of his observations, that great stagelpon which the public performed for him. Helad himself caVried downstairs and supportedluring a brief escape from his melancholy infi- nity. He returned home more broken down than&gt;efore. He entrenched himself in the derision&gt;f bitter hilarity. He laughed at his malady,le mocked at death. It was a trifling but tragic&gt;iece of arrogance. He desired to die as Fer- avilla, with the innocent and bitter laugh ofhe humourist on his aged mouth. The dyinglan counterfeited himself. But in the meantimeie was meditating in secret on matters of con- cience. He married his companion, conversedvith churchmen. And, from day to day, hisfe was fading away in a quiet apathy. He/as done for. Death had but to pass by andarry him off. And it took him without encoun- aring any resistence.The public had almost forgotten that Edoardo■erravilla was a dying man. The loud rumblef the war drowned this exhausted senile brea- king. And meantime there was fading awayman for whom no substitute can be, ever wille, found: the generator of a kind of dramatic ob- servation which has refreshed our whole theatre;the most extraordinary and original creator ofcharacters that the modern stage has possessed.Now all that he was is comprised in ourmemory. Edoardo Ferravilla will really vanishonly when we who have seen him, heard him,shall have also passed away. But how shallwe be able to transmit the value and the colourof his art to the young who will overtake uslater in life? If, moved by that dominant in- stinct innate in all to conquer, to conserve, toperpetuate the possession of everything that mostpleases us, we seek to fix in our mind, notmerely the unforgettable traits of his acting,but the sense of that which he himself was,we perceive that we run the risk of recon- structing a Ferravilla as remote from the trueFerravilla as were and are his imitators.Never did the theatre attain to such realityby means of a greater finesse, a finer and moremeasured delicacy.The power of expression possessed by Fer- ravilla shrank from lineaments too definitely di- splayed. The artist seemed always to avoidhighly emphasized gestures, figures wholly filledin and set in full light. He manifested a cau- tious parsimony even in the use of the word,which is yet the readiest, most expressive andmost expansive means of communion with theaudience. He bit it off between his lips: hardlywas it launched with a vivid leap than he re- called and suffocated it; he extinguished it whenit was most brilliant; he let it escape with akind of hesitancy and indecision. His stagespeech was brief: he seemed uncertain, timid,distrait. For him pauses were not silencesbetween the words, but a word or so amidthe silences. His every little phrase had theinstinctive and plastic value of a gesture. In speaking he was not concerned with the expres- sion of ideas or the relation of facts. He limitedhimself to adding one touch the more to a cha- racter. He sought for this alone. His reper- tory was, au fond, a gallery of portraits: por- traits not of persons but of human types. Itwas owing to this that one perceived in themsome synthetic details which a careless observermight mistake for a caricatured distortion; andwhich was, on the contrary, a search for essentialverity, for stupendously distinctive signs.These signs, so sober and so vivid, werethe more admirable in that the figures theydefined, and profoundly differentiated, were notalien one from another, but, in a certain sense,akin. The comic world of Edoardo Ferravillawas no very vast one. It was a little worldof mediocrity, mental and moral: that worldwhich tends not to ascend but to stagnate;inclines not towards self-liberation but towardsan ever closer self-imprisonment within the re- stricted environment of tradition and habit. Itwas the world of the half-souls, characterisedby the absense of every virtue rather than byany definite vices.The actor represented and ridiculed the pettybourgeois society, mildewed but not yet decayed.He seized upon it and reproduced it in all itsinane effort to attune itself to the passing hour,in its laborious and ridiculous approach to thefresh spirit which the new life elaborated andis ever renewing. The Ferravillian personagesare all sluggards who seek in vain to catch upwith the passing of time. Incapable of self- evolution, they imitate; and their profound ab- surdity lies wholly in the disparity between whatthey really are, and the semblances which theywould or must assume either through vanity orout of respect for human opinion. It is an infi- nitesmal disparity, without any solemn reverbe- rations ; a disparity in which, at most, the fivesenses squabble with the ten commandments.Edoardo Ferravilla elevated to perfect artthis somewhat inferior material, which was thematerial of the most ancient theatre. His typesare the traditional ones: the miser, the preten- tious fool, the fop, the glutton, the bore, themuddler, the cuckold, the coward, the libertine.But one no longer recognized them. They hadbeen fused afresh in life itself. They hadacquired a pliability, a simplicity, a lightness,which they formerly lacked. They no longeradvanced insolently to the footlights, massive,limned and coloured in from head to foot. Inthe miser it was not avarice in its most directmanifestations that the artist portrayed for us,but the complex distortions which this passion,when dominant, produces upon the minor pas- sions, the less aggressive instincts, which still,in their turn, seek their own gratification.In the betrayed and complaisant husband hehas never given us the flat and ridiculous igno- miny of this complaisance; but rather the dull,suspicious, fearful corrosion which it works inthe whole moral organism of the personage.It was the coexistant foibles which he examined,so as to make us clearly comprehend what wasthe principle foible.The characters which he created were neverstatic, but were continually developing before us.They neither evolved nor achieved themselves.Each represented a phase, a transitory momentof its own vice. What the actor said not onlydepicted but developed them. They betrayed,rather than confessed, themselves: rather thanexposing themselves, they peeped out. Theyyielded themselves to being known solely becausethey sought to hide themselves. It was the clumsy timidity of their defects which revealedthem. Their broken and brief discourse hinted, itdid not consummate: it cut in, it did not carve out.The stupendous originality of Edoardo Fer- ravilla was manifested with equal brilliance alikein his choice of words, and in the eliminationof such details as seemed to him too generic.In this twofold task he always revealed a psy- chological intuition and a taste which were unsur- passed upon the stage. His great personalitywas founded above all upon these principles,and upon them his true glory is established.It is obvious that this man could not actas interpreter of any other than himself. Henever lent himself to pronounce words writtenby others. When he did not himself composethe part he wished to represent, he entirelyrenovated it; cancelled, from plays offered himby others, the part destined for himself, and,for the authors's conception, substituted, not anyarrogant fantasy of his own, but the actions andreactions impelled by his own sensibility.It was, in truth, a matter of actions andreactions. Ferravilla never created a type straight- way and on the spur of the moment. Helived it. He began to conceive it and to sketchit at the rehearsals; he sampled it, he weighedit, he listened to it. He always brought it onto the stage immature. His personages learnedto speak little by little, from day to day, likechildren. Beginning by babbling, they lingeredaround some monosyllable until the true word,the best, the most significant, the most direct,the unique word, emerged, not from the lips,but, one may rather say, from the consciousnessof the actor, who was no longer merely the inter- preter of the personage, but who had actuallytransformed himself into the real true personage.That word never again changed. Years passed and it remained. And it was so true and illu- minating that it never grew old. Repeatedthousands of times, before the same audiences,it always remained fresh, with all its vivacity,all its exuberant power. From the stage itdescended into the auditorium. The crowdcarried it away, passed it on, spread it, incor- porated it into its patrimony of perfect and com- plete sayings. With how many phrases of speechhas Ferravilla not enriched our current speech ?The famous " ha detto male di Garibaldi "(he has spoken ill of Garibaldi) would itselfsuffice to render a playwright famous. The4' indelicate " of Panera suffices to reveal in Fer- ravilla a capacity to sum up a soul in a singleword, a whole man in a few syllables.A cycle is closed for ever. Never again shall** we see those vivid figures at the footlights.How many were there? A host. And amongthem one loomed gigantic: Tecoppa. He wasthe best beloved. So living was he that hecould not be restricted to one comedy.. Emer- ging thence, he reappears in iriany others. Hewas a precise, mathematical truth, and, at thesame time, he possessed the amplitude of asymbol. He could participate in all events.He embraced half a century. He had knownRadestzki; and imprecated against areoplanes.He was a living protest. He protested againstproperty, against work, against the cararabineers,against the law. "I propose ten months of impri- sonment for the said Felice Tecoppa" thunderedthe Public Minister. " And Ido not accept! "retorted the said Felice Tecoppa. He knewthe world and the pockets of the world. Byprofession he was tradesman and benefactor. Be- nefactor because he disburdened his neighboursby lightening their pockets. As a youth he had acted as a spy in the service of the imperialpolice. He was acquainted with history" Radestzki? he was good, poor little fellow.He had one sole defect: when he was angryhe bombarded". He considered human lifesacred: " Better be cowards for half an hourthan dead for the whole of life". And heused to say 44 A soldier who runs away, is goodto fight another day He detested subsidizedfolk, the rogues, for example, who lead a jollylife and whistle in their cages and do not letthemselves be caught. He had select relationswith the world beyond. Exorcist, he sum- moned the dead to the telephone. 44 Drin,drin! Am I speaking with Hell? Is Brambillathere ? " He desired the division of property.44 We are all brothers. You have ten lire ?Hand them over. Five for me, five for youAnd blows on the sides and below the belt tothe reactionary who refused to solve the socialproblem with his solitary ten francs.He was mellifluous, obliging, the friend ofwine, the friend of man. He walked somewhatbent, with his hands in his trousers pockets,rolling slightly, peasant-fashion, on his long legs;his rapacious eyes cast down, gnawing the pointsof his moustaches ; snorting loudly, with a sini- ster grimace, to clear an always stuff ed-up nostril.He robbed with benignity. He did not threatensave under stress of danger. He grew senti- mental on the subject of his great honesty.Good, unfortunate and poor! Infamous world 1And there are the shop windows of the jewel- lers overflowing with precious things! His phi- lanthropic heart suggested 44 smash the glass,carry away what you can! How many poorpeople you will be able to benefit! " But twocarabineers appear! And they would be ca- pable of thinking ill of his good intentions! Well, Tecoppa is dead. Down with Te- coppa too, down with him into the same graveas that which opens for the long sleep of hisanimator. Small sprouts will still burgeon ; butthe perfection, the rascally grace, the inexhaus- tible novelty, the fresh manifestation, the ever- renewed surprise, of this type, which had becomea prototype, will fade away in ever paler re- flections, ever fainter echoes. A masterpiecehas perished ! And nothing could be done tosave it. And it is better that it should die ratherthan that the restorers should present it to uscontaminated and botched.I wish that the figures which Ferravilla crea- ted, which he fashioned into so many forms ofbeauty, should disappear from the stage. Eventhe most intelligent actor who should dare torevive them would but falsify the memory ofthe dead.He could, at the very most, but reproducefor us the exterior Ferravilla, the Ferravilla who,in the bare and simple dressing-room, betweena grenadine-syrop-and-seltz and a small pipe,before a tiny looking-glass, with a bit of pinkcotton wool, a small brush, and a pot of mastic,obliterated, beneath a new face, his own shavenface. But that same make-up which, on theface of the noble artist, was the reflection ofa soul, became, upon another face, merely aglassy and waxen mask. How imitate thatmysterious light which shone out from beneaththe earth-coloured and the reddish and bluishpastes, the wigs, the whiskers, the moustaches;a light bitter and ironic, the light of inspiration,synthesis, creative power ? Oh infinitely variousmasks of life! Shadows of truth!Here is the face, something 'twixt the irri- table and the sceptic, of Pastizza, with a wrin- kled dryness, half English and half farmer. Here the perplexed and authoritative eyes, andthe calm and valiant nose projected above thesmile full of futile good sense, of the 4 4 Sposoper riderethe absurd husband. Here theincredulous and stupid myopy of the signor Pa- nera, beneath a sloping and wrinkled forehead;the sharp and petulant condescension of signorPancrazio, framed in silky side-whiskers; the littlepointed, up-turned beard, Gascon and Pan- talonic, of Gigione; the great nose of Massi- nelli, delighted by every whiff of fry or servantgirl; the dull senility of the old man of the44 Scena a soggetto", extinguished in a calli- graphic flourish of wrinkles between the loosemouth and the pendulous bow of the butterfly- tie; the thin lips and small brain of Petrino!Here, too, we have artist's whole personattuned to those faces, either as their cause ortheir consequence: There are imperceptible andprofound gestures ; disjointed and halting steps;a curious and significant dislocation of the wholebody upon knees stiff as those of a cab-horse;and there is that stamping of quarrelsome feet,or that hesitation of cautious feet, or that tre- mulous weight of very heavy feet; and thereare certain little shrugs of the shoulders, littleshakes of the head : there is that tortuous andserpentine protrusion of the neck from out thegrandiose collar; there are certain exits from thestage, with back to the public, which weremasterpieces of comicality and expression ; therewas an eloquent winking of the eye, an irre- sistible fluttering of the lashes, and the vacuouswrinkling of the forehead ; and then the infinitenumber of ways of smiling of which Ferravillawas capable, though 1 do not recall that thestage ever saw him laugh; there were thetwenty-and-one voices of which he was master;light, sybillant, sharp, raucous, nasal, tremulous, vibrant ....who will ever again give us all this?And if, by some miracle, some one could doso, it will still never again be Ferravilla. Therewill always be lacking that immense sincerityof his, that genial vigilance of his artistic con- science, that flavour, that character; that style;all the significance, the secret, the marvel ofhis personality.With him ended a noble epoch and a hi- story. The Milanese theatre was dead.This was sad; but there was always Fer- ravilla. The stage upon which his glory hadbeen affirmed had been demolished by thepickaxe. Goodbye, old little auditorium. Butthere was always himself. His comrades hadpassed away : the actresses Giovanelli, Comelli,Ivon; the thunderous Bazzaro; the audaciousGiraud; the grumpy Dassi; Grossi; Carnaghi.What a cemetery ? Gaetano Sbodio was impri- soned in his blindness. But there was still Fer- ravilla, he who summarized in himself the va- nished men and things; he, upright and active,with his fine clean-shaven aristocratic face ; withthe harmless caprices of a mild persecution mania;with his extravagant and jesting irony, his di- scursive and disconnected conversation; he whopresented himself and filled the theatre ; he whonever grew old, and who lived, half gay andhalf suspicious, in his eternally white waistcoat,among his pianos, his billiards, his pipes; sketch- ing in water-colours, composing little marchesand dances; generous and mean, modest andproud, irresolute and obstinate.But, with his death, the ruin was complete.There remained littered around in cupboards andchests-of-drawers, without sound and without to- morrow, the picturesque and antiquated clotheswhich were a part, and not the least artistic part,of his interpretations. Glorious uniforms of a sovereign of the stage, now they are relics, nowthey are rags.Ferravilla is dead.But we cannot, we ought not to think ofhim as cold, motionless and changed upon hisbed.Standing between his past and his tomb,let us turn to the past. We ought to associatethe idea of his departure with some vision of hisart.Here is the little old man of the " Scenaa soggetto musicale". He has chatted, he hassung, he has evoked old romantic melodies onthe pianoforte. Now it is late and he is tired.He rises with an effort from the armchair, takeshis candle, moves slowly, slowly forward to thefront of the stage, turns towards the audience,bows slightly, and says, with a small tremblingvoice, " Buona notte". A head shakes, a littlebow trembles, a light quivers in the feeblehand; and we seem still to see disappearingin the distance the light which illumines hisway, the light which cast gleams of joy intoour life. BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. EDOARDO Ferravilla was born atMilano in 1847, the son of a singer,Maria Luigia Ferravilla, and of the44 noble Filippo Villani"; so that, ifon the one side he had in him some- thing of the aristocracy, on the otherside he had something of the stage.The mother died when he was sixyears old, the father seems to havebeen careless of his existence. GiacomoViglezzi, an accountant, was appointedlegal guardian to the boy, and takinghim home, gave him that family lifewhich he had lost with his mother'sdeath, and which was remembered withprofound gratitude in later years.In the simple Milanese household,where Giacomo Viglezzi lived with hisfive sons, all accountants, the boy na- turally enough progressed rapidly .inaccountancy, and also wrote so fine ahand that at thirteen he was alreadyearning five lire a day .... no small sumin those days.... by copying statementsof accounts.It was not, however, all figures andaccount books ; for one of the brothers,Enrico, was " a delicate painter, a finedilettante of dramatic art, an ardentlover of music and it was under hisinfluence that young Ferravilla made inthese three arts those first attempts which were later to influence his choiceof a career.The theatre soon became his rulingpassion. Giacomo Viglezzi, who wasadministrator of the old Teatro Ke(l)was entitled to a box there. YoungFerravilla and his friends went there,twice a week, to applaud the best playsand performers of the day. " Acrossthat stage " writes the actor " there" passed all the best which the Italian44 theatre could boast, and I vividly" recall the voice and gesture of supreme" artists like Alamanno Morelli, la44 Cazzola, Gaspare Pieri and many" others ".Ferravilla says, like all actors havesaid, that he used to come away fromthe performances with a frantic desireto return to them; and that in the im- patience of waiting he gave time toplaying with a marionnette theatre hefound in the garret of his guardian'shouse.While still an accountant, he beganto act in 1867 with the societa Gus- tavo Modena (an amateur society).His second appearance was in PaoloFerrari's play, " La donna e lo scet- tico *' (the woman and the sceptic),when he was assured by the directorof the filodramatic company, EttoreManzoni, that he was born to playlover parts. He was born to createcomic masterpieces, so it is quite ac- cording to the rules of theatrical pro- phecy that Signor Manzoni should havediscerned nothing.So he returned to the comic.He began with the " Ciocon degrapa 0 by De Toma. In this partFerravilla " gathered the elements whichhe later succeeded in fusing into thetype of Tecoppa " Tecoppa can beuniversal" he writes ; "his moral figure,his character could find a place in alicomedies; he is the man who fawnsbefore the rich, is pompous with thepoor; jovial and an enemy of work ".Here then was Ferravilla, at nine- teen, torn between the theatre and theaccountant's stool, the struggle continuingfrom the spring of 1867 until 1870.His old tutor Viglezzi was now dead,but he still remained in the office withthe son, Enrico, and his salary hadrisen to two hundred lire a month, inthose days eight pounds. He lodgedwith Enrico in the house in via Prin- cipe Umberto N.° 5, and paid theenviably small sum of sixty lire a monthfor food and lodging. " Sometimes I did not pay them all .... but I havepaid since he writes.For two years Ferravilla's indecisionas to a career continued, during whichtime, having takefn a season ticket forthe small theatre of Santa Radegonda (2)he was able to frequent that otherworld which attracted him so strongly.At this time the first idea of foundinga Milanese dialectic theatre was derivingencouragement from the success won byToselli's Piemontese company whichhad visited Milano in 1859-60; andtowards 1872 a group of Milanesegathered together and mapped out thebasis of the repertory and the company.In 1870 a home for this work wassecured by the purchase of the padi- glionc Cattanso, on Corso Vittorio Ema- nuele. The old pavilion was pulleddown, and the Teatro Milanese wasbuilt by Carlo Righetti, better knownin art by the anagrammatic name ofCletto Arrighi, at a cost of " not lessthan eighty thousand lire #\ Beforethe theatre was ready to open, Righettiwas busy forming his company, offeringthree or four lire a day to actors; andyoung Ferravilla determined to applyfor a place, only to find himself im- mediately designated as 44 il vero tipod'amoros ", the true type of lover, adistinction which made his 44 blood runcold "# though he dare not dispute thedecree. An agreement was come to,by which Ferravilla was to be at hisimpresario's disposal for rehearsals only,from one till three in the afternoon,so that he could continue his work inthe Viglezzi office. He could alsocontinue to rehearse in the eveningswith his old friends of the GustavoModena society, and to perform withthem on Sundays. In this interval pre- vious to the opening of the new theatreRighetti was to pay him lire 3.50 a day.In October 1870, owing to the ill- ness of another actor, he made anunexpected debut in a small part asamoroso, and the next day had tolisten to a lecture fiom the excellentEnrico Viglezzi, who pointed out em- phatically that no one can follow twocallings. 44 If you want to stay here" and do as I advise, you can be sure44 that in four or five years you will44 have a solid position and earn your44 three or four thousand a year. If44 you want to go and play the pagliaccio44 at the teatro Milanese, in fine pieces" like that of last night, you are your44 own master. You may possibly die44 of hunger and will certainly make44 others laugh at you ".It was that eternal voice of routine and too solid, too common sense free- zing when faced by the adventure ofart. Ferravilla temporized for the mo- ment ; but as was inevitable he leftthe Viglezzi desk and stool and turnedwholly to the stage.Among his companions at the TeatroMilanese were Sbodio, Gandini, Crespi,Milanesi, Caraviti, Giraud, the actressesLuigia Prada, Trezzini, Vaghi, and twowho both bore the name of Giovanelli.In October 1872 Ferra villa provedthat he had greater capacities thanthose of merely reciting the wordsof others; for, having a very shortpart entrusted to him, he asked leaveto add an extra scene of his owninventing, which obtained great success.In doing this he was but carrying onthe best traditions of the Europeanstage so clearly stated by Riccoboniand Gherardi (3).After this Ferravilla wrote 44 El surPedrin in quarella " in four acts whichwas performed December 2nd 1872:Righetti oflered him three hundred lirefor the right to give the play for a year,and •• full houses " at the Milanesifollowed on without interruption. Againwe see what comes of following thetrue tradition.The young actor was still, however,being cast for the lovers parts, till, ina play called 44 Dal tecc alia cantinaFerravilla created for himself the partof an old paralytic. Thus came intobeing the little old man which later onthe actor used in the Scena a sog- getto musicale. 44 Between 1872 and1880 " he writes, 44 all the types ofmy repertory were bom. I found my- self perfectly in agreement with theauthors, who not only accorded me thepart of the protagonist, but called onme to collaborate. I was free to mo- dify my personage, to caress it andstudy it until it seemed to me in per- fect equilibrium with my aptitudes "•The first idea of the celebrated Te- coppa had come to him long before:44 Panera " was another figure to betested here and there, first in a vaude- ville of his creator's, then in a Frenchvaudeville adapted for the Milanese stage,in which 44 I recited a soggetto (4) allmy part and the whole of the secondact In this piece, 44 El duel delsur Panera Signor Panera, 44 afterhaving undergone for about a monththe retouches suggested in the act ofrepresentation, took his final shape "•.... Hear, you unbelievers, how it isdone. It is grown; it shapes slowly,night by night.The affairs of the company were by this time flourishing, but its membersware discontented, because the manager,Righetti, wasted the profits at the rou- lette table, and .salaries, low in anycase, were being irregularly paid. Fer- ravilla contemplated making a change,but first proposed to Righetti that hewould remain if paid seven lire a dayinstead of five. Hear again how itis done, you unbelievers. But beforeyou can hear you will have to takethe wool out of your ears, and se- condly prepare your nerves for thisawful shock. Five shillings for a ma- sterpiece ! Can you face that ?After a definite refusal, followed bynegociations on the part of the ma-*nager's friends, Ferravilla was offeredhis seven lire a day and the receiptsof one evening a month, and the com- pany want on as before. Rememberthis was a superlatively talented actor,not one of the kind who refuse £ 20a week, £lO a week and wish tobe thought great actors.About this time a certain SignoraPessina, separated from her hushand,began to frequent the theatre, and alsoto attest warm admiration for Ferra- villa himself, which soon proved to bethe prelude to getting herself admittedinto the company, becoming knownupon the stage as Emma Ivon. A beau- tiful woman, with gifts which won herfavour with the public, her friendshipwith Ferravilla continued until her deathin 1899. 'Matters with the Righetti Companywere still unsatisfactory, and the prin- cipal players at last united together toconsider a change.It was at this time that Signor Ta- lamoni, director of the first MilaneseCompany, proposed constituting a Fer- ravilla-Sbodio-Giraud company of whichhe should be administrator. He wasto provide scenery, properties andother necessaries, he and each of theheads should receive ten lire a day (5)a piece, and Ferravilla was nominatedartistic director.All was agreed to and the newgroup began its performances at theTeatro Cressoni at Como in 1876.The repertory consisted of some twentypieces; the enterprise flourished, and pro- mised brilliantly, when Talamoni died.The company was, however, wellestablished, and Ferravilla was invitedtQ undertake the functions of admini- strator as well as of capocomico (6)and artistic director.The young manager, now about twenty-nine, had his hands full withhis new responsabilities, being obliged,by contracts already signed, to tran- sport his company first from the teatroCommenda at Milano to Lodi, andthen for the first time to Napoli.The company prospered; and eachof the soci (shareholders or societaires)took in every year between three andfour thousand lire as well as their sa- laries and the proceeds of their special"benefit" evenings, Ferra villa in 1879was unanimously accorded by his col- leagues twenty instead of ten lire a day.Thus he, the manager and chief actor,was paid about £ 3.0.0 a week.For many years the company con- tinued to perform with uninterruptedenthusiasm and with little change in itsprincipal component parts.Around the five principal playersother and most capable actors weregathered, and a high standard conti- nuously sustained.In 1880, says Ferravilla, " all my" comic types were definitively fixed," and only varied in the phrases withu which I presented them to the pub-M lie ". So we see that he is atwork on his types for thirteen years.Ferravilla was by now a celebratedpersonage. Honours began to comehis way. In 1888 he was presentedto King Umberto at the Quirinal, whenthe King smilingly shook hands withhim, and, after indicating his acquain- tance with the actor's interpretations,summed up his praise in a genialfashion saying, " After having heardM you, the Queen always returns from*• the theatre delighted with everything,•• and I am grateful to youBy the King he was created Ccm- mendatore, and came to enjoy theaffectionate esteem of Giuseppe Verdi,G. Ricordi, (head of the great musicalpublishing house of Ricordi), PaoloMantegazzi, (who wrote an enthusiasticeulogy of him as a " great hygienist ",curing men of the humours of gloomand many mortal ills by the sun-likesplendour of his art); and many more.His own colleagues, also, presented himwith a declaration, recognizing the zea- lous and scrupulous way in which hehad filled his office both as capocomicoand administrator.So things went on until 1897.For twenty-nine years Ferravilla hadbeen the lessee of the Teatro Milanesi,paying an annual rent of eight thou- sand lire, (then £ 320). The receipts,owing to the capacity of the theatre,could not, at ordinary prices, surpassnine hundred lire (£ 36) an evening,although on certain evenings, at higherprices, they reached the sum of thirteenhundred (£ 52). For an evening in Ferravilla** honour in 1880 they evenrose as high as fifteen hundred andseventy lire (£ 62.15.0). But Ferra- villa was growing tired with the admi- nistrative work added to his work asan actor, and was seriously consideringretiring, when an actor named Fran- cesco Grossi made him a proposal bywhich Grossi was to acquire the ownershipof the company together with a certainsignor De Capitani, and the new orga- nization was to be known as the 44 Grossiand De Capitani Milanese Companydirected by Edoardo Ferravilla Thisproposal Ferravilla accepted.Further changes were brought aboutby the death, first of the actress Co- melli, and then in 1898 at Genova,of Emma Ivon. Of the severing ofthis long association he writes: " I" found comfort for sorrow in my art.4 4 When I act I so merge myself in4 4 the personage that I could not betray44 myself even if I would. Every phy- -44 sical and moral suffering finds it most44 effectual remedy for the actor on the44 boards of the stageBut besides the personal sorrowswhich come to all, Ferravilla was besetby those annoyances reserved for allcelebrated and creative artists : that ofthe imitators, who in his case persistedin presenting his well-known parts withtheir own names not very noticeablyprinted in small type, 44 imitator of ** al- most imperceptibly small, and 44 EdoardoFerravilla ** in letters so enormous thatit left in the minds of the busy publicthat it was Ferravilla himself they wereto see. It was the same old monkey- trick from which no art work or en- terprise is free today, and Ferravillawas as powerless as the rest to protecthimself from this dishonest imposition.Young actors will do well to studyFerravilla's cwn u credo ** as set forthin his little book of Memoirs (7), andmeditate upon his experience regardingtruth, his 44 unconquerable repugnancefor dramatic works in verse " (as alienfrom truth) ; his study of measure (ie,moderation) in word, gesture and cos- tume ; his dislike for slap-stick busi- ness or double entendres to raise laugh- ter ; his careful observation; in short,that aristocratic quality which he nev&lt; rlost even when representing the verylowest social types : that immense sin- cerity, that unremitting search aftertruth, that tireless effort after perfectionby which he disciplined his naturalexuberance and creative genius, andwhich rendered him so distinguished asuccessor of the great comici delVarte(44 professional actors **) who were theglory of the Italian stage at an earlier day. (i) The Teatro Re, designed by Cano•nica, was opened December 18It was destroyed about 1876 when the bigGalleria was built. Its positions was nearwhat is today the entrance to the Galleriain Piazza del Duomo. (*) Teatro Santa Radegonda was builtin 1803; it no longer exists as a theatre. (3) see ,4 The Mask Vol. 111, No. 4.(4) Improvising o?i a given subject. (5) You have caught the idea by now&gt;doubtless : the idea that money is notthe whole aim of the finer Italian actors.(6) Leading actor. (7) Societa Editrice Italian at Mi I a no. THE STAGE BY ERNEST RHYS. WHEN a man becomes a mimeHe refashions space and time.With his art, he brings his ageTo an ell-length: that's the stage.In that arm's breadth, all that isWas, and shall be, signifies.Oboe and fiddle play,Shepherds pipe the livelong day;And the dancers* rhythmic mirthSets a-whirl the clodden earth.o o oIn a mirror, in no moreThan a man sees thro* a door, There it is, the little space,Theatral, the magic place, So depictive, that the maidSees herself, and grows afraid, And the greenness, and cloud-shadow,On the boards deceive the meadow; While the puppet wakes the deadWith the nid-nod of his head,And the lantern, Lord of Light,Drags Medusa out of night:o o oWho can figure, who can tellAll that mime-bred miracle ?Mortals? yes; but there they wageArt immortal. That's the stage.15 June 1924* SHOEMAKER, STICKTO YOUR LAST. A LETTER FROMGORDON CRAIG. E. G. C. MY dear Semar.Just a few lines about an importantthing. In fact about Politics.You do well always to avoid tou- ching on Politics, for it is too difficult,too thickly veiled a subject for any buta rare few outside Parliament and theEmbassies anything about, andit is not always easy for the politicians,and sometimes even tfie few statesmenseem though I believe that isa bit of their Tun.In refusing to allow " The Mask "to hold any opinion whatever on thesethings, I take it that you do so fromprinciple. That principle is 44 Shoe- maker, stick to your last *\ I haveoften heard you express the opinionheld by that large group of moderatemen who are not possessed by thatlow vice curiosity, that there is nosounder rule in life than to mind yourown business.Your business is the editing of thetechnical opinions, the theories, thefacts and fancies old and new aboutthe ancient and modern Theatre andyou do right to stick to that and avoidtouching on matters which are exci- ting in quite another way.To the reading public a journal canbecome a good friend or it can bea nuisance. The public is fickle andis always searching for new sensa- tions.... for it is bored..., it has toolittle to d 0.... too little to really inte- rest it, and it is too self-indulgent togo on with its own daily work.This reading public is sometimesapt to take itself a little too seriouslyon the strength of being able to read,When it is able to read two lan- guages it takes itself even more se- riously ; when it can think a bit, it isalways indulging the habit of thoughtand thereby breeding convictions initself: then it becomes a pretty boldthinker and 10, Sir Oracle is be- fore us !Newspapers are sometimes naughtythings, but I have grown to like them,for I have come to look on themas works of art.When I see the paintings by Cima- bue of Heaven and the paintings byOrcagna of Hell I am looking at news- papers of the thirteenth and fourteenthcenturies.Cimabue is called by the historiansthe 44 forerunner of modern art #\Exactly : ....the forerunner of writers on 44 The Observer " and 44 TheDaily Mail #\ And what are his pain- tings of Heaven on the church walls butleading articles to guide and put hopeinto the public of those days in thosecities down south, and what Orca- gna's paintings of Hell but to put thefear of death into the hearts of sin- ners ? And now in place of the wallsof a church we have 44 Observer44 Mail *\ 44 Times ", 44 Post " andthe rest, all battling one with the otherfor the souls of men. 44 This is theway they shout; 44 this is the truepath : ....all else is confusion and folly.Follow us !Why, you do it yourself, Semar.You believe as all the other editorsbelieve, as all the churches believe,and for your belief you seem readyto give up more than do most.But what you give up at the outsetis a little tit-bit seldom relinquished ;it is that you give up that privilegeof the press to be free to say what itlikes (within reason) about matters itis ignorant of, yet, which, if uttered, canbut add a trouble more to the world.Some things there must be, of whichan editor and the ablest of staff, themost knowing of contributors, are igno- rant : and I have always held thatPolitics are amongst those subjects madeespecially to confound the wisest.So I like to see you avoiding allpolitics in 44 The Mask ", and I hopeyou will always avoid them and con- tinue to give pleasure to more andmore people, who are happy to admitthat they too know nothing whateverabout politics.For my part I know less thananyone about them. To me they seemto call to their service a few wise menand good men and a number of ener- getic men; and when I read thatLord Balfour has said this or that, I readit and pretend to understand and saynothing; or when I hear of LordGrey having made a speech I alwaysread it and pretend to understand andnod my head : and when 1 hear thatLord Curzon has done this or thatI pretend to be aroused to action.I then take a walk and feel fine*It is as though I were at a play;looking on, 1 hear a remarkable actorsaying wonderful things, and anothermaking a gesture which thrills.To attempt to tell myself what itall means,.* what are its final mea- nings.**. were not to enjoy the perfor- mance. Should an audience stop tothink at a performance of 4 Hamlet *it would never leave the building.For no one knows what 4 Hamlet *means; he who thinks he does knowsnothing. We are in a theatre for a short space of time, a few brief hours,and we are there to enjoy those briefhours or we are not true playgoers.And without- meaning to be in anyway flippant, indeed meaning to bemost serious, I would say that weshould possibly enjoy the brief glimp- ses any of us get of politics all themore, if we would take it as we takethe play ....cease to fight about itsmeanings and abstain altogether fromwrangling about its readings.Whether the 2nd witch in 4 Mac- beth ' should say 44 Cool it with aBaboon's blood ", or, 44 Cool it with aDragoon's blood " is certainly not easyto decide.So much hangs in the balance twixtBaboon and Dragoon.And besides is this 2nd witch ;or a misprint for 3rd witch ? Whichwitch must always give us pause. Thereare three witches, namely Ist, 2ndand 3rd; but then there is Hecatethat makes four ; and there is a largegroup of super-witches, 44 Black spiritsand grey, pink spirits and greinAnd besides, possibly the printer ofthe first folio made even more errorsthan he himself was aware he wasmaking.Who knows ?Cj Well, as there is always someonewho will be wise enough to be pleasedif we take him to be a fool, so, let us,when at a theatre or before the poli- tical situations of the day and hour,join his company and be content toknow no more than he.There is a passage from this play of4 Macbeth ' which I find the wisest inall Shakespeare, and the most solemnpassage I know in all literature (1).And here it is:All three witches. Seek to know no more.Macbeth. I will be satisfied: deny me this,And an eternal curse fall on you I Let me\know\zWhy sinks that cauldro?i f and what noise[/&gt; this fFirst witch. Show!Sec. witch. Show !Third witch. Show!All. Show his eyes, and grieve his heart;Come like shadows, so depart IYou are not thrilled, Semar ?Why, as I write it out I turn coldand hot and, as the last word diesaway I seem to see as it were a wholeworld grieved to death by obstinatelyand cockily demanding to be satisfiedabout all things.Yours, (i) Act IV, Scene /. THE UNIVERSITIES AND THE DRAMA BY ALLARDYCE NICOLL. TO some readers of The Mask the titleof this article may appear a trifle ridi- culous. I have often heard artists, drama- tists and actors sneering at the University,or else politely refraining from the expressionof any definite opinion as to its worth. Bymany the University is regarded as a hin- drance to the development of a true artistry;it is condemned as a creator of memoriesinstead of talents ; it is regarded as a cram- ming-house for students whose only aim isthe passing of examinations and the puttingof B. A. after their names.All this criticism is true; but is it thewhole truth, and nothing but the truth ? I maybe prejudiced, but I think it is not. Thefundamental purpose of a University is notthe training of students for an examination,but the disseminating of a genuine culture.The aim of the professor should be, not thepouring of facts into the heads of his students,but the broadening and enlightening of theirminds. In the midst of an essentially mate- rialistic age, the University ought to stand foridealism, for internationalism and for this richerculture which is the very flower of civili- sation.Considered in this light, the future of thedrama is, partly at least, in the hands of theUniversities. The students who are beingyearly turned out in their thousands will forma portion of the audiences which go to swellthe theatres, and, because of their training,their influence will probably be greater thanthat of similar non-university sections amongthe spectators. The drama of every periodand of every land depends ultimately uponthe audience. It was a great audience whichproduced ./Eschylus and Sophocles; it wasa great audience which produced Shake- speare. The ruder elements among the spec- tators (and, in speaking of ruder elementsI am not by any means thinking of socialclasses) assuredly always outnumber those ofmore cultured and imaginative tendencies;but that disparity is made up for by thefact that a strong body of cultured opi- nion, sure of its own purpose and self-con- sciously asserting itself, will ever have power over a heterogeneous body of unthinking, un- trained and mentally licentious minds.To help in the preparation of this intel- lectual and imaginative leaven among theaudiences of the future I take to be the firstgreat task of the University. Only duringthe comparative leisure of their student dayscan men and women find time to study and,from their study, to appreciate, the principleswhich underlie all permanent artistic advancein the world of the theatre. Only then canthey acquire that historic background fromwhich is born the philosophic judgment andthe truly critical taste. Only then can theylearn what exactly the Greek stage stood for,for what the mediaeval pageant, and for whatthe Globe and the Fortune. Once given thishistorical background, they are ennabled inthe future to test by surer and more compe- tent standards any manifestations of new ar- tistry which the producer, the playwright orthe actor may have to bring to them.The question may here be asked howthis consummation (most devoutly to be wish- ed !) may be brought about. The answeris two-fold ; by the efforts of the Universitiesand by the efforts of the artists. The morethe artist sneers at the University, the morethe University will tend towards traditionaland hidebound methods. Let the artist comeinto the University, let him take his place inthe developing of that cultured side of aca- demic work, which, after all, is its chief task.The University itself, so far as my own expe- rience goes, is only too ready to co-operate.In America special study has been devoted,not merely to the drama, but to the problemsof the producer, so that Professor Baker'sname is now of more than national import.At Manchester there is a lectureship in dra- matic art; and at London there was esta- blished last year a new Diploma in DramaticArt calculated to appeal to those who wishedto devote their lives to the service of thestage. Small manifestations, perhaps, but nonethe less symbolic of a change from the timewhen the Colleges dealt out only Latin andGreek with dry doses of traditionalized science.These new manifestations, however, will not lead to anything greater unless they are sup- ported by those who have the cause of thetheatre at heart. The University in its ownway has made the gesture of willingness tocooperate; that gesture has not yet been suf- ficiently replied to.There are, of course, many ways in whichthe Universities may assist in the spreadingof this cultural spirit. Students' dramatic so- cieties, if they are well managed and if theyare accorded some patronage from within thewalls of the theatre, help in their own wayto train the minds of those who participatein their activitios and to give the historicbackground. It is useless for students to keepringing the changes on Patience and Pinaforeand modern farce; but where attempts aremade to perform hitherto unproduced worksor to revive forgotten masterpieces of the past,the service. done to the theatre may be inesti- mable. But again, these performances mustreceive encouragement. It is all very wellfor professionals to sneer at amateurs ; but itmust be remembered that the Abbey Theatrewas originally an amateur play-producing so- ciety—nay, more, that the mediaeval theatre,itself, for many centuries, was upheld entirelyby non-professional actors and by amateurplaywrights. The students' dramatic society,therefore, might well receive encouragementand assistance, if necessary, from those whoseprofession is connected with the drama inany of its multifarious forms.Finally, there is one thing which a Uni- versity may do, a thing unique and peculiarto itself; it may provide the materials uponwhich principles of the drama can be based.Those materials, in spite of the immense bulkof literary matter produced on Shakespeareand on Shakespeare's contemporaries, are fre- quently lacking for the student who goes outof the direct highway in the realm of thedrama. Not only have continental influencesnot been fully traced, the very influence ofearlier upon later English drama has not beenmapped out. The bibliographical and stati- stical records have either to be sought forlaboriously by each individual student or elsedone without, for even such compilations asGenest's Account of the English Stage areboth sketchy and inaccurate. One task ofthe University, therefore, ought to be to ga- ther together all the materials which may beuseful to the student of the drama or of the theatre, classify that material and make it ge- nerally accessible. I myself am engaged withsome twenty students in the preparation of anelaborate Dictionary of the Drama; but thisis only one of the many similar endeavourswhich might be undertaken by a University.The University might well establish dramaticmuseums (such as already exist in America)where the development of theatrical art maybe studied through the models exhibited,where amateurs of the drama may be able tosee the Greek, the Mediaeval, the Rena- scence and the modern stages placed side byside, and so may be aided in securing bothan historical survey of theatrical developmentand a philosophic judgment concerning theprinciples of setting and of playhouse structure.It is fitting that I should make this ap- peal through the pages of The Mask, f°r inThe Mask I see that union of scholarshipand artistry which may yield great fruit forthe theatre in the future. If the academicscholar remembers for a moment that thedrama is not a thing for dull dissection but aliving and vital organism; if the artist forgetsfor a moment his hatred of the (for him) nar- rowing tendencies of University work ; amove forward may be made towards a newappreciation both of what the theatre standsfor, and of what it may stand for in thefuture. THIS LITTLE THEATRE BY C. G. SMITH BAKST THE great Bakst is dead: and the famousRussian Ballet loses the last hope ofregaining an important lost element.When Diaghileff came to Paris and London" The Mask " was not able to find specialreason for becoming extatic in praise of theBallet or its Bakst: but it could and did ap- preciate that all the hysterical praise voicedby Paris was becoming to Paris.It was so natural for Parisians to recog- nize and respond to this product of theNear East, for it could also do something inthat line, so it could praise without becomingridiculous. Whereas for a Public which to- lerates, nay, appreciates, the London Theatrefare as does the London Public for twelvemonths a year, suddenly to pretend to haveappreciated the famous Russian is not a littleridiculous. It is another case of the MaudAllen, Beggars Opera, Chauve Souris fever,when the patient becomes inarticulate for aperiod, and all friends are anxious.Had the world never known greater dan- cers I could well understand a fine enthusiasmfor Pavlova, Karsavina, Nijinski and the others.The twentieth century having seen the verygenius of Dance, it seemed to " The Mask "an exaggeration to confuse genius and talent.That M. Diaghileff had genius as an im- presario, was the only genius in the group,must be counted as at least fifty per centtowards the success of this famous Ballet.He had the superb knowledge of the refinedmaster-showman. He knew so well how tosell that which the world thrills to buy. Andexamples of this exotic thing he brought withinfinite care from a land which could producesome of the most vivacious men and womenin Europe. These he decked beautifully outin Parisian finery, and he calls on Bakst toaid,... and Bakst did wonders. There wasno one who could deck out dancers as hecould; there were few, if any, who couldcontrive sceneries to match as he could. Hewas a painter. I admit it: and I will alsoallow that painters of worth rarely leave theirart to descend to the stage; but Bakst didso; and, descending to it, he took there such riches that the discerning public began towonder whether the stage had not gone backa century and a half to that great epochwhich the elder Bibiena inaugurated at hisbirth in 1657, and which Gonzaga closedin 1831, (dying at St. Petersburg, by the way).For it is never to be forgotten that Bakst,as a scene painter, remained true to the oldtradition. Supposedly a revelation,... some- thing quite new, he was really doing whathad been done before, and done superblybefore; and now he came along and repeatedit almost as superbly.He was a scenic reformer of a stagewhich had grown feeble, and commonplacein the stupid sense of the word: he alliedhimself with Benois, with Fokine and withthe musicians; the performers, the dancers,were collected together, and all these remarka- ble Russians united by their Russian leaderDiaghileff, who was deteimined to make avery real Russian effort.This was in Moscow before anything hadJbeen heard of them. What happened? Howwas this determination and this enthusiasmmet by their countrymen? Was it scouted?were they derided,... or ignored perhaps ?On the contrary. Russians were found whowere prepared to finance them to success Russian determination and talent found imme- diate response from the gentlemen of Russia,and this in spite of the damning evidence thatthey were all positively artists or experts.No great dancer such as Isadora Duncanwas in their ranks: no first rate genius of anysort; but all of them were spirited, deter- mined, and very much aware of the highstandard that they were sworn to reach: allwere antagonists of the humdrum but highlyrespected cosmopolitan ballet of their own land.They were in fact rebels, but revolting to agood end. Had they been English, had somelike spirit revealed itself in London, therewould have been no financial support even ifthe spirit had revealed itself five or fifty yearsin advance of the Russians.So it became Englishmen to praise theseartists,... those Englishmen who preferred notto stand by their own men. It was essentiallya fine democracy, this group known as the Rus- sian Ballet; and so it was no surprise that as itwandered through Spain, France, England andelsewhere, it picked up new recruits. Unfortu- nately, when it added Picasso, Bakst seemed to fall off. In fact as it added internationalsof all kinds, the Russians broke away. So itceased to be the Russian Ballet, and indeeddeserves to be known by the simpler andprouder title of The Ballet.I do not recall the exact order of deser- tion and I do not know what sound reasonsthe deserters offered for running away; but Iseem to remember that the first to bolt wasthe charming Madame Pavlova. LaterNijinski skedaddled: then Bakst, Karsavinaand others. The great impresario was leftin the lurch. That was quite living down toone of the traditions of the stage at its worstperiods.... tradizione traditore.There are quite a number of wonderfuldivisions and subdivisions in our Tradition.The main division is simple: Good tradition,Bad tradition: and 1 can but admit that todesert a leader is one of the worst items inthe section Bad tradition.I regret that 1 cannot see any way of ac- cepting any reason which Madame Pavlovaor Nijinski could possibly offer me for desert- ing the flag raised by Diaghileff. Yet thesame old excuses doubtless were offered.It is the Director's prerogative to engagewho he will, arrange what he will, managehow he will. Once a performer or an artisttakes service under any Director whateverit is his and her duty to remain faithful tohim to the end. Even when he falls orfaints, as many a leader has been known to,the followers must be staunch. All else issecondary; and failing this sense of duty allmust fail. Followers must never question aleader they themselves have chosen to follow.The Theatre would do well today tostudy a little its History. In Italy, in France,Russia, Germany and England the best effortsof great men of the Theatre have been ren- dered vain by the lack of discipline in theirfollowers.I do not want to seem hard, but I haveto say a very bitter thing, and it is onlybitter because it is true. The first to deserthave usually been the leading ladies.I can find every excuse that you can, andI can cap these with two or three more whichperhaps will not occur to you; but whenevery excuse has been found I come backto my despest conviction regarding our littleworld of the Theatre; which is that with theadhesion, the fidelity, of all to the director and leader, and with a real sense of disci- pline, our Stage can achieve what a nation,an army, or a navy achieves in the day ofperil. It can pluck undying victory and ever- lasting glory for its cause and its people.And until our European stage comes toknow this once and for all, it can achievemerely petty victories, win only personallaurels, and these are plucked and won yearlyand fade with the years.I do not know how it was that Bakstcame to accept service under other bannersthan Diaghileff's, but it was, and it remains,a grievous pity that his work was ever seenoutside the magic circle of the RussianBallet. I know nothing about this falling awayand I am not curious to know. Neither doI know how the perfect Sicilian actress SignoraMimi Aguglia came to separate herself fromGiovanni Grasso. Why did Musco everdream of leaving that genius? No one admiresthe good Musco more than I do, but I do notadmire his retreat. I admire no retreats.And why do a hundred of the best deserttheir leaders every ten years? The most Imay say is this. These leaders make no call,remembering that the world is old and tiredand that self-interest is a mighty passion : soat the last they come to say " these peopleare not worth keeping.... let them go ." Not worth keeping " is not strictly true;it is but partially true. Looked at as onelooks at a coveted bicycle in a shop windowit may be true I don't think I want it; besides I can getanother any where any dayPerhaps the people are not actually worthkeeping; to have to tempt them to stay bycontinually raising their salaries.... to have toblow spirit into them.... fresh force and willto abide faithfully, proves them a little poor." But then ", asks one of them, " why stayfaithful if not wanted?''And here we touch the top of the que- stion.... It is not I, or you, not Irving, not Dia- ghileff, who wants anyone: —it is the Theatreand Duty wants them and these managers re- present Theatre and Duty. And that is thefinal argument which none of us must deny.To Bakst this did not occur.... how couldit. He must have felt the pull of the Thea- tre; it is an attractive siren. Yes, assuredlyhe felt attracted. Its call drew him graduallyout of his studio.... away from his canvasses... away from his art. He was a painter, wonover to the Theatre.Compare him with Callot the Frenchengraver. In Callot we have an example ofa man utterly enamoured of the stage andDrama and to the finger tips galantaomo.With what courtesy does this immenselittle genius approach the benches at the backof the hail. One hears him saying " Permitme " they all make room for him. En- chanted, absorbed, he sits the entertainmentthrough: when he leaves it is not to go andhob-nob with the performers and amuse theactresses with sketches for a new costume.When he leaves it is to record what he hasseen, never to put on airs: he is too great anoutsider. These little records of his are morefamous and more valuable than all the cos- tume designs by Berain, and do our EuropeanTheatre more honour than all the Dramaticcriticisms (in two volumes) by Bernard Shaw.And they set an example to others outsidethe theatre how to come to look at the Theatre,and how to gallantly abstain from any closerintimacy unless you are one of the troupe....unless you belong to the tribe.I suppose it is quite as clear to manyanother as it is to me, that one is not anEnglishman unless one be born of Britishparents: and in like manner one cannot be aTheatre man unless one is born of it.To become naturalized, to adopt a country,is possible; but even then, unless with immensegrace and with unrelaxing attention to cere- mony, surely the performance is gawkish andrenders nil the result. To adopt a land andto once forget oneself, to speak of " ourland ".... no, 1 think that finds us out. Andto leave the art of painting to which one isborn and which, except for its parent archi- tecture, is entirely self-contained and completeby itself, and to push one's way into someother art is not necessarily to play the amateurbut it is to forget an essential fact.And it is not quite good manners.1 will take Constantin Stanislawsky as anexample of what I mean. Here was a mer- chant cloth was I believe what he manu- factured. One day he is attracted towardsthe Theatre, then drawn into it; becomes anamateur actor.... quietly passes through a doorinto the professional playhouse; finally becomesdirector; reaches to the highest position; butnever for a day does he forget that, somehow or other, he is still a guest. So he passes hereand there, carrying with him a grace, a certainmodesty, a way, which seems to say in everygesture, every phrase and every look, " Howhonoured I am, how happy I am, to be allowedto be one of youHis is an irrisistible charm.... and sun orrainy weather it is ever the same. 0)To the painter Bakst no such grace hadcome. And so he never rose to the positionStanislawsky won to. He is not what theatrepeople call " one of us " as Stanislawsky willever be.And just as Stanislawsky felt as he did,and acted as he did, so does he, now that heis become one of the foremost leaders of ourmodern Theatre, demand of his followers thegrace to serve and obey.With what result? The tale is too sad totell; but there are six chapters in it which aresuperb.At the head of these chapters I wouldaffix five names and there many be more.LILINA. KNIPPER. MOSQUIN.KATCHALOFF. SOULERGITZKY.and there are probably more chapters.These are the names of two of his actresses,two of his actors, and one stage manager.This fidelity of theirs is outstanding in theannals of the European Theatre.It is this fidelity, this esprit de corps, thisduty to the Stage, through discipline to theleader, that is needed in the whole EuropeanTheatre world if it is to advance.The European Stage is advancing, buttoo slowly. Will the English ever come torecognize this ? Why should such a greatnation with so colossal a sense of loyalty, failso in loyalty in the Theatre.I accuse an influential minority among ourworkers of an inability to understand the wordDuty and to endure. And I say that until everyone in the theatre's ranks will come to under- stand and to endure, the work, while it may begood or bad, or indifferent as it is today, willsuffer, and the calling will become a paltryone. It will remain the Little Theatre.Leon Bakst was one of the greatest figuresin this Little Theatre. To be continued. (1) Irving, not born of theatrical parents, cleaves im- mediately and once and for all to the theatre: and ranno business in tandem. HOW DOCTORS WERESATIRIZED IN THEANCIENT THEATRE BY CESARE LEVI. VENETIAN MARIONNETTES.Two of the figures of the Marionnette Theatre taken to her new home byLoredana Grimani on her marriage with Francesco Morisini, 1772, and nowin the Museo Correr in Venice. One of the figures shows a costume of the stageDoctor at that period (see pp. 71-76). Plate 7. " r\OCTOR, I have pain in the stomach,I / headache, and cramps in the legs.What is it?" "—Sir, it is ....twenty francs The anecdote is old : it was attributedto one of the doctors taken as model by Mo- liere for his I'Amour medicin.In every farce of the ancient theatre—from the Italian ones of the Arte (professionaltheatre) to Moliere's Midecin lui—there is a lazzo which consists in feigning torefuse the money for the consultation: thepretended doctor, whether he be called Ar- lecchino, Sganarelle or Crispino, while pro- testing his disinterestedness to the foolish oldman, father of the pretendedly sick girl (" Ihave not done it for gain, I will never ac- cept any money "), holds out his hand, and,having received the money, asks, after havingcounted the coins. " are they good ones ?Also in a Spanish intermezzo of the se- venteenth century, II dottore . Borrego, thereis a reference to the venality of the doctors" Bleed her, purge her and ....give themoney ".The satirizing of medical men is of an- cient origin and we find it as far back asthe Pluto of Aristophanes and in two worksby Luciano.In mediaeval times the doctor was con- fused for the most part with the fisico, theastrologer and the magician. In a FrenchMystery of the XIII century, the Jeuou de la Fruillee by Adam de la Halle, aphysician heals of the " disease of avarice "(an illness which clinics have completely ne- glected !) But in general, in the Mysteriesand the Moralities, medical men very rarely- appear upon the stage: for the most partit is the Saints and their reliquaries whichare charged with miraculous healings: inthe aforesaid Jeu d'Adam a friar jingles thebell and displays the relics of Sant'Acario :to recover it suffices to touch them and givea small sum; (not even then, it appears, wereconsultations gratuitous !).In the Mistero di S. Pantaleone of thefifteenth century there is a reference to whatwas defined as invidia medicorum the worst medical envy : Eustore decides that hisson Pantaleone shall be a doctor, and to thatend takes him to Mastro Morin, a pagan,whom he is to assist for seven years, earningthe sum of ....10 lire; (the assistants of to- day do ill to complain of their stipends!).Pantaleone makes the acquaintance of thepriest Ermolao, who converts him to Chri- stianity, and, " without either medicine orherbs ", with merely the sign of the Cross,he will be able to heal all the sick: but"Mastro Morin, seeing that he heals a goutyman, is jealous of the success of his pupil,denounces him to the Emperor as a Chri- stian, and has him decapitated.Not only in the theatre, however, weremedical men ridiculed. Who does not recallthe Doctor Tant pis, " much-worse ", andthe Doctor Tant mieux, " much-better " ofLa Fontaine's fable entitled " Les Medicins " ?But the favourite place for jests againstmedicine and its ministers was always thetheatre.The actor Mondori improvises his pa- rades " against the Chemists and the Medi- cal men ", and Guillot-Gorju, after havingstudied medicine at Montpellier, sets out totour the world with the strolling operatorswho were, so to speak, the connecting linkbetween the doctor and the actor; and finallyenters the Hotel de Bourgogne, where he sowell produces the caricature of the doctorsthat they themselves are forced to laugh at it.Guillot-Gorju wanted to prove in his Apo- logia, that, in changing profession, he wasnot taking a downward step: the one was asgood as the other: charletans both, one for- merly a doctor could well play the buffoon.After eight years of the stage he returned topractising medicine at Melun.Moliere in his youth saw Guillot-Gorjuat the Hotel de Bourgogne, and, in his farces,revived the type of the medicin ridiculewhich was, as one would say today, a ' for- tunate ' type; but, developing it with greatersynthetic power, and setting it down withpitiless exactitude, he succeeded in gatheringtogether, in his later plays, all the defects,the weaknesses, the vanities, of the medicalmen of his time.As for that, in all those farces which Mo- liere witnessed, from the French to those of(the Italian) comici dell'arte, jesting aboutdoctors was all the fashion : and I should be tempted to transcribe the plot of some ofthese were I not restrained by respect forthe most elementary decency : for which theancient actors had none too much respect.It would be too long to analyse all thecomedies of the French theatre in which thedoctor is gaily bantered : from the farse ofthe Femme mute (Dumb woman) of Rabe- lais, to Les Tromperies (The Deceptions) ofLarivey, among the many precursers of Mo- liere who handled this subject, not on onesingle occasion is the doctor treated with anybenevolence. In the Clarice or Amour con- stant (constant Love), a medical man, " agreat donkey in his speech and doctor in La- tin 7, plays the gallant with a young womanwho has him beaten till he bleeds." Doctor yourself 1 " says the Sganarelleof the " Medicin malgre lui ", almost asthough it were a term of insult.And, to turn from the French theatre, onecan recall a satire on doctors in maccheronicpoetry by an Italian Jesuit of the beginningof the seventeenth century, Bernardino Stefo- nio, intitled Maccaronis Forza.The " intermezzi " of Cervantes are fullof satires against doctors. In a comedy byLope de Vega, " The Vapours, or The deli- cate Girl ", Belise, hearing that among thesuitors for her hand there is a medical man,exclaims, " I marry a doctor! I sleep withthe fever! the very thought of it makes meshiver !As, in the Commedia dell'arte, the Dot- tore and the Capitano, so in the old Frenchfarce the medical man, was thus the typeeternally made fun of; was almost always thesynonym of pedantry and ignorance.The wig was one of his characteristics ;and so also the beard, which, according toMoliere, " is half the Physician ".The dress, however, was of austere cutand always black: and towards the middleof the reign of Louis XIV the physiciansabandoned the characteristic pointed cap inthe form of a candle-extinguisher, and adop- ted the bourgeois dress, and, in winter, themuff. The poorer among the physicians madetheir visits on foot, the others went theirrounds on a mule.What was the cause of Moliere's ani- mosity against the physicians of his time?Principally his own illness, which embit- tered his existence, and brought him to the grave amid indescribable sufferings, at onlyfifty-one years of age.Moliere, notwithstanding his robust aspect,was always of delicate health. His life wasshortened by the exertions of the stage and byamorous abuses : " you ought to abstain firstfrom acting and then from the actress " isthe advice given him by the author of theElomire hy ou Les Medecina satiric play directed against him, in whichElomire is the anagram of Moliere.Incurably sick, he could not, therefore,pardon the physicians their impotence.From his very first farces, today forgotten,Moliere jests about venal and charletan phy- sicians : in the le Docteur amoureux Gerontethreatens a woman : "You will burst " ; andshe : " I am not among your patients " ; a jestrepeated a few lines lower down : "You makeme forget my patients ", say Geronte, and theother replies : " I am doing them a good turn ".Also in Y Amour medecin Lisette expres- ses the same faith in the disciples of Escu- lapius : " what do you want with four doc- tors ? Is one not enough to kill a person ?I knew a man who proved, with good argu- ments, that one ought never to say, such andsuch a person is dead of a fever and a fluxon the chest, but: he is dead of four doctorsand two apothecaries ".So far, however, there is no departurefrom the coarse joke, repeated in a hundredfarces, of the doctor who kills the sick man ;an eternal jest still in high favour on thecontemporary stage.In the " Dottor Borrego " already refer- red to, the servant Lorenzo replies to thephysician: "I know that thanks to you theprice of graves has gone up, and that in thematter of graves you have worked some mar- vellous cures ". And, in another intermezzoof the seventeenth century, by one Bena- vente, (not to be confused with the author of" Anima allegra "); " what must one do toprevent a physician from killing the patient ? "—" Not give him into his care ".But so great a castigator of the vices andweaknesses of society as was Moliere couldnot be content with such facile jesting: thepupil of Gassendi, who in his every workattacked the dogmatic pedantry or the falsescholars, he could not remain indifferent be- fore the charlatanism and ignorance of themedical men of his time. One might however suppose that animo- sity against those who had not known howto cure him had led Moliere to unjust esti- mates of medicine and physicians: but it isnot so! Moliere's plays could be taken as acompendium of the history of Medicine inthe seventeenth century: many farces, which,under their bantering tone, might seem para- doxical or ironic, are but the exact expres- sion of a fact which really occurred, or of amode of thinking of the physicians of thatday.The exposition of the Galenic theories isset forth by the First Doctor of the Sieur dePourceaugnac in away which could not bebettered: the rigmaroles upon nature, thecauses and symptoms of the " hypochondriacmelancholy ", seem copied, even in the ap- propriateness of the vocables, from a treatiseof Riviere, one of the celebrities of the fa- culty of Montpellier, sworn enemy of blee- dings and partesan of purges and emetics.Moliere, with his " humeurs peccants ", his" vapeurs acres et corrompus " the " fuligi- nes, epaisses et crasses " which rise, from theintestines, the mesentery, or the spleen, to- wards the noble regions of the brain and ofthe heart, does but recopy the scientific ter- minology of his time.Thus when, in the " I'Amour medicin ",Moliere makes Doctor Bahis say that "it isbetter to die according to the rules than torecover against the rules ", he is not seekingan effective phrase to provoke laughter, but istranscribing what one of the most celebratedphysicians of his time, Gui Patin, narrates in aletter; that is, that when a sick man reco- vered without having observed the prescrip- tions of the doctor, there were endless squab- bles at the Faculty.When Sganarelle, medecin malgre lui,says that the heart is on the right and theliver on the left, and, to the opposition ofGeronte, replies, " Yes, it was so once, butwe have changed all that ", Moliere is re- ferring to a case of inversion encounteredin 1650 and recorded in the "Gazette deFrance ".In the " Malade Immaginaire " Diafoirusthe father praises his son for being " blindlyattached to the opinions of the ancients, andnever having wished to understand nor listento the arguments and experiences of the pre- tended discoveries of the century on the cir- culation of the blood and other opinions outof the same sackIt was the time of jWilliam Harvey's greatdiscovery regarding the circulation of theblood. The Faculty of Paris, traditionalisticto excess, opposed this as every other newidea.Also in semiology they were much behindin the time of Moliere, doctors not examiningthe sick person save very superficially. On theother hand the questioning was detailed toexcess ; Moliere as usual parodies it in the sce- ne of Toinette in the " Malade ImaginaireThe mania for basing oneself on the an- cient authors was likewise characteristic of theepoch: the authority of Hypocrites and Ga- len was irrefutable. The characteristic traitof the doctors of Moliere is pedantry: thecomplicated and confused language of Sga- narelle, the emphatic and bombastic talk ofThomas Diafoirus, being copied with pre- cision : there is not a single dissertation whichMoliere puts in the mouth of one of his per- sonages which is not conformable to the spiritand language used by the Faculty: it is acontinual satire of the scholastic method anda protest in favour of experience.Also in the remedies used by the physi- cians of that time there was no great variety,as we are instructed by the ceremony in the" malade immaginaire " ; the three sole re- medies for every kind of disease are (in themaccheronic Latin used by Moliere) clyste- rium donare; postea seignare ; ensaita purgare.As for the first cure, I ask pardon of myreaders if I am obliged to treat of an instru- ment so inelegant and of such intimate na- ture : but, speaking of Moliere, how could Ido less ? Not for nothing was such an ap- pliance called, in the translation recently madeof the " Treatise of Clysters " by Regnier deGraaf, published in 1668, "L'instrument deMoliere " ; and all will recall the processionof apothecaries, armed with their inseparable,and, let us say, professional, tool, in that ge- nial buffoonery, " Le Sieur de Pourceaugnac".Purges were in great honeur speciallywith the faculty of Montpellier:The abuse of such remedies was a cha- racteristic of the French medicine °f theSeventeenth century : in a single year therewere inflicted on Louis XIII by his doctor :215 doses of medicine; 212 clysters, and47 blood-lettngs. And Louis XIV in fifty- nine years had to swallow down more thantwo thousand purges; (it must be, however,remembered that he was a formidable eater).Sganarelle of the " Medecin malgre lui ",who orders bleeding even against future illnes- ses, satirises very wittily one of the leading•medical men of that period. The lancet cameinto action for every slightest indisposition :in 1633 Cousinot, first doctor to the king,was bled sixty-four times in eight months, bythe order of his father and his father-in-law,for articular rheumatism; then they beganwith purges. " The idiots that do not un- derstand our calling ", wrote Gui Patin," imagine that there is nothing else to dosave to purge, but they deceive themselves ":and he has no regard either for sex or forage. A medical man, Guy de la Brosse, re- fuses to be bled, and dies: listen to the finefuneral epitaph which Gui Patin pronounceson him: "The devil will bleed him in theother world, as a rascal and athiest of hissort deservesBut, to dethrone the lancet, until then so- vereign ruler, a new cure sought an entranceinto the medical practice of that time; andthis was the antimonio discovered by an al- chemist friar of the fifteenth century, BasileValentin. It was a new Hundred Years War,for, making its first appearance in 1566, itwas only in 1666 that the antimony cure re- ceived its official consecration.That which most favoured the fortune ofantimony was the recovery of the King.Louis XIV fell ill during the Flanders cam- paign ; was transported to Calais ; a consul- tation is held by the doctors, who see all thesymptoms of typhoid. Naturally they are allagreed as to bleeding; but the King willhave none of it. Mazarin then sends in haste toCalais his own doctor, Guenaut, who admini- sters to the King the emetic wine, and the Kingrecovers. Guenaut immediately becomes cele- brated, and antimony the fashionable remedy.Guenaut proved, however, less fortunatewith his patron Mazarin, so that there wascirculated about him this egigram: that, insaving the life of Louis XIV and causing thedeath of Mazarin, antimony had twice savedFrance. And, as further proof of how muchbeloved Mazarin was, it is related that a car- ter, seeing Guenaut, said: " Let Monsieur leDocieur pass: it is he who has done us thekindness of killing the Cardinal". The consultation, which took place atVincennes, at the bedside of the dying Ma- zarin, between the four Court doctors, Gue- naut, Des Fougerais, Brayer and Valot, oneaffirming that the Cardinal's disease was inthe liver, another in the mesentery, the thirdin the spleen and the fourth in the lungs,seems to have served as model to Moliere forthe famous consultation scene of theMedecin.The four doctors of Moliere's play, whoare concerned with everything save with thesick man, and who, when they finally speak,are not agreed, are copied from the four doc- tors of Louis XIV. Guenard, who had thedefect of stammering, would seem to havebeen the Macroton of the YAmour Medecin.Des Fougerais was changed into Desfonan- dres, deriving that is, from the Greek, ' slayerof men '; Brayes was changed into Bahis,and Valot into Tomes, from the Greek " ta- gliase, incidere ", that is, to let bloodIt was Mazarin who rendered the doctorsyet more venal by putting up for auction theoffice of physician to the King : Valot paid30,000 scudi for the office.After the death of Henrietta, Queen ofEngland, this sanguinary epigram was circu- lated about Valot: " The daughter of thegreat Henry had, in dying, the same misfor- tune as her father and her husband. Allthree died by the assassin's hand: Ravaillac,Cromwell, medico; Henry by a bayonetthrust, Charles on the block; and now Hen- rietta dies of the ignorance of Valot ".The Court doctors usually, through loveof gain, ended by losing a little of their per- sonal dignity; they had to endure the sar- casms and reproofs of the powerful whomthey served. The Diafoirus of Moliere's play,an unadulterated representative of the modeof thinking of the Faculty, prefers that his sonshould not become Court doctor, because atleast, with the public, " so long as one fol- lows the rules of the profession ", one neverhas to answer for one's own actions; where- as "that which is most annoying with thepowerful is that, when they fall ill, they wishat all costs that the doctor should curethemFilerin in the YAmour , who re- proves his colleagues for squabbling beforeoutsiders, recalls to mind the continual quarrelswhich took place at the Faculty, between physicians and surgeons, between doctors ofParis and doctors of Montpellier, and bet- ween the doctors of the Faculty itself.In Filerin Moliere perhaps wished to re- present his own medical attendant." Moliere, have you a physician? " askedLouix XIV one day, " and what use do youmake of him? ""We chat together: he orders me someremedies, I do not take them, and I re- cover ".Moliere's doctor, Armand Mauvillain,was godson of Cardinal Richelieu. Of a re- bellious, irascible, impetuous character, he of- ten had squabbles, with the Faculty: nosooner is he nominated doctor than he trans- gresses the express order " to offend no one ",and has to apologize to the Faculty united insolemn assembly, under pain of having hisdegree cancelled.On another occasion he is expelled fromthe Faculty for having snatched, in full con- clave, the cap from the head of his enemyBlond el, when this latter was dean of theFaculty. And he got into yet greater trou- ble for having signed, together with elevenother doctors, the approbation of a medica- ment of a charletan of the public square, acertain Hieromyno Ferranti of Orvieto, knownas " l'Orvietan **, a name which in the end,by extension, was given to the medicamentitself: on this occasion also, expelled fromthe Faculty, he was obliged to humble him- self and ask pardon in full conclave.There was cause enough why a man ofnone too easy character, as was Mauvillain,should seek in every way to be avenged onhis persecutors. While Moliere was gleaningamong the medical men of his time all theirweaknesses, vanities, defects and .vices, Mau- villain, his friend, supplied him with impla- cable exactitude in regard to the " technical "matters of medicine and what might haveescaped even the most acute observer: inthis grandiose, immortal satire on the Medi- cine of the Seventeenth century there is thusthe association of two rancours : the incurablysick man avenges himself with weapons fur- nished to him by the most undisciplined ofthe doctors of the Faculty.But, for Moliere to have been able thusopenly to banter the very doctors of theCourt itself, it was essential that he shouldfeel himself supported hy the King. And Louis XIV was, in this respect, like thehumblest of mortals; he found vast amuse- ment in laughing at the ignorance of the me- dical men, save when he summoned them tohis bedside for the slightest indisposition.His is that celebrated mot after the perfor- mance of the Malade Imaginaire: " Thedoctors have been making us weep longenough for them at least sometimes to makeus laugh ".And, on coming out after the " Berenice "of Racine, Louis XIV, alluding to the ac- tions of the protagonist, is reported to havesaid to his first Doctor; " I have been onthe point of sending for you to aid a princesswho desired to die without knowing how ".Since ridicule of the doctors does notcease even at the steps of the throne, is itlikely that the actors would forego it. Andnaturally the long, solemn and bureaucraticceremonies through which a candidate had topass before becoming " Doctor in Medicine "could not escape the satire of Moliere.The famous burlesque ceremony of the" Malade imaginaire " finds its exact coun- terpart in real life. In this ceremony the co- mic poet synthesizes the most characteristicand significant traits of the ceremonies, atwhich the candidate had to take part, fromthe beginning of his studies until he took hisdegree : the Praeses of the comedy was no- thing else than the Vesperia, save that thisceremony did not take place on the same dayas the taking of the oath, as Moliere was im- pelled by scenic exigencies to make it; thethree articles of the solemn oath likewise cor- responded to reality, save the second, which,treating of a religious question (of the obli- gation of the doctors to attend the masses ofthe Faculty), Moliere could not bring uponthe stage, and so he substituted, instead, theoath to hold on every occasion the same opi- nion as the ancients, whether that were goodor bad.So also the beating which Sganarelie re- ceives and gives, in the " Medecin malgrelui ", where he declares that he was madedoctor in such manner, is an ironic allusionto the blow on the cap which the candidatereceived from the president in the act of pla- cing upon his head the square cap as docto- ral symbol. At Montpellier, where the cli- mate is warmer, this ritual gesture was perhapsless solemn but more energetic, for the can- dictate received from his new colleagues, inthe guise of congratulations, a hail of blows.Also the maccheronic Latin used by Mo- liere was a scenic requirement, for the Latinused by the doctors in their discussions andtheir theses was, on the contrary, Latin of thepurest, and, not infrequently, very elegant.Moliere falls into but one anachronism,when, to the neo-doctor, he accords the rightto " cut, bleed, etc ", while it is well knownthat such more humble office was reservedto the surgeons and barbers : in fact, accor- ding to the oath of Hypocrites, the physi- cians were expressly prohibited from cutting.Every eccentricity of the medicine of theperiod finds its burlesque commentary in someplay by Moliere : so that when Sganarelle,in the " Medecin malgre lui ", orders thepeasant Perrin, to cure his hydropical mother," a piece of prepared cheese, in which iscontained some gold, coral and pearls, and aquantity of other precious things ", he is ma- king fun of the polypharmacy, in great vogue,especially at Montpellier, and does but re- copy a prescription from the Farmacopea deiDogmaiici " Pharmacopoeia of the dogma- tists " by J. de Chesne, wherein, to fortifythe heart, " some leaves of gold, coral, pearls,and amber " are prescribed; while Louis XIV,by order of Valot, took pills in which wereincluded gold, pearls and coral.And in his last play Moliere, by thattime disillusioned, distrustful of the doctorsand their cures, and on the verge of death,attacks medicine itself with this boulade, whichhe puts in the mouth of Beralde: " I seenothing more ridiculous than a man whowants to intermeddle to cure another ".After Moliere's death the doctors werestill not left in peace by the comic poets: infact the majority found nothing better thanto press home the most applauded satiresagainst the medical body; but, after such amodel had been set up, what could theysay that had not been already said ?It was for the most part in farces, repre- sented at the Theatre Italien, that the sameold themes are served up afresh.In the " Regal des Dames ", Arlecchino,dressed as an operator, wishes to extract atooth for someone who is not suffering, " be- cause of the pain that might seize him ".In the " Arlecchino, chevalier du soleil "by Nolant de Fatonville, Pascariello counsels Arlecchino to become a doctor : " It is amost lucrative calling. Look how much thedoctor earns when he is in fashion for thegout! He has taken more than two hundredthousand francs, and knows no more thanyou ". And Arlecchino replies, " He mustknow very little then, because I know not- hing Pascariello. " This will not preventyou being a skilful physician ". Arlecchino." Are you joking? I don't know how to read,or write ". Pascariello " It doesn't matter, Itell you. It is not the learning that makesthe successful doctor, it is effrontary and gab.In the " Ombre de Moliere " by Brecourt,the doctors come to demand vengeance onMoliere for the disdain which he has alwaysmanifested for their illustrious corporation, andthere occurs this retort, which enlightens usregarding the authors' intentions : " How de- sirable would it be to become beasts whenwe fall ill! But how much reason therewould be for fear, were there to be foundas many doctors among the brutes as thereare brutes among the doctors ! "In " Les Desirs " Arlecchino, to followthe rules of Hypocrites which teach that oneshould intoxicate himself once a month, doesso three times a week so as to make nomistake.In the " Arlequin, Empereur de la Lune "by Noland de Fatonville, Columbine asks ifin the moon also the doctors kill the sickpeople, and, at the affirmative reply, exclaims." It is just the same as here ".In the " Brontolone " (the Grumbler) byBrueys, the old jest of Bacon is resumed : aminister, enraged at having been deprived ofhis office declares, " since they prevent mefrom exercising my office " "I shall be thecause of death to more than a hundred men....I will become a doctor ".In the " Moliere, comedien aux ChampsEly sees " by Bordelon, a sick man says to Sca- pin, the doctor, (who is reassuring him bysaying, ' fear nothing ') : " Believe me, whenthe, sick tremble it is not with fever, as peo -pie would have it believed; but for the fearwhich the doctor, and all his terrible train,inspires in them ".In "La femme medecine " by Montfleurythere is the " medicin simpatique (an al- lusion to the charletan Digby), who curesfever by putting the nail parings and the hair"cuttings of the sick person in a tree in such wise that this latter takes the fever and theman is left free.And, finally, in a play by Saint-Evre- mond, intitled 44 Les Operas ", there is thisdefinition of medicine, to which Moliere him- self might have appended his signature : 44 ascience of conjectures, in which the doctormay well not believe himself; and Mayerne,that great doctor, was wont to say that cun- ning was the surest part of medicineIt may be asked how it was that thedoctors never replied to such bitter and vio- lent attacks; how the Faculty, so jealous ofits prerogatives, so cavilling and so easily ir- ritated, never sought in some way to defenditself against the accusations which werebeing continually launched at it from the thea- tre stages by the comic authors, from Mo- liere to the most obscure among the comicidelVarte.It was because the doctors knew hardly,or not at all, the plays in which they were,almost daily, ridiculed : of such attacks theyhad no information save by hearsay: theynever went to the theatre : a doctor, as alsoa magistrate, who should have presented him- self at the play would have been pointed atand discredited by all; no client would haveagain called him in.Thus any -doctor, who should feel boredby having to take his wife to the theatre,could today invoke the authority of tradition :and, to her insistences, could always reply,44 go this evening to the Manzoni ? But doyou really want to see me dishonoured ? . This essay, in an amplifiedform, appears in Dr Volume u Studii Molieriani Ed, Sandrony Palermo, WHICH PARIGI...WHICH BIBIENA BY JAN VAN MOLT. THE Exhibition at the Victoria and Al- bert Museum of the original pen andwash drawings by Inigo Jones for the Masquesof Ben Jonson, and the publication of a veryfine 44 Descriptive Catalogue " of these Jonesdrawings by the Walpole and Malone Socie- ties, was quite a little event in the annals ofthe English Stage but one which I understandthe English Stage had serious reasons for wish- ing to ignore. However, I was delighted withwhat I saw when I went over to London lastyear.An Inigo Jones does not grow on everybush in England, or in Holland for that matter;neither on 17th century bushes nor on thoseof today.But it seems that there were numbers ofsuch masters in Italy in the 16th and 17thcenturies, ....and many more in the 18th cen- tury. Their names, well known in their ownland, are beginning to be known in Hollandand England at last. For example, it is notseldom today that one hears of Parigi, ofSerlio6; and the name Bibiena is today utteredalmost as often as was Raphael's yesterday.There is perhaps some danger in beingtoo quick in passing round a name, for thereis the possibility that more than one Parigi,more than one Bibiena may have existed.And indeed there were four of the nameParigi. You correct me with 4 three * ? No,there were at least four. Three of these werescenographers and the fourth seems to havebeen an engraver. There were more than eight Bibienas, and fully eight were scenographers,not including the first one of that name whomay or may not have painted sceneries.But if it be dangerous to dash in with aParigi here and a Bibiena there, how peri- lous to attempt any dash at all, when the ar- tist one would speak of has not even handedon his name to us on his design.I am thinking of two drawings both ofwhich are unsigned ; the drawing at the headof this article and the one reproduced asPlate 8 and I, for one, am not going tobegin flourishing the word "probable ". Thereis perhaps some justification for genuine his- torians such as Chambers or Brunelli tellingus what they consider " possible " and what"probable", for they are men who havegiven the world serious contributions to theHistory of the Dramatic Art and should beprivileged to be " garrulous to the lastBut I feel a little selfish regret that evensuch scholars should deign to patch their fabricwith any "possibles" and "probables", sincethese are the only two rags left for the am- ateur historian to shiver in.And I am only one of these amateurs,and when I begin to hold forth on suchmatters it is only my false white beard (per- fectly joined, 1 admit) which can attractanyone's attention or command admiration.For I, like* Gordon Craig, am forced toadmit that I am no historian: I really do notknow how it is done, this historiography.Histrionics are my concern, and I haveacquired a far greater familiarity with the toolsthan the tomes of the craft, and this teachesme some ordinary truths as to why stagedrawings are thus or thus, which more learnedmen might be apt to overlook.The first thing, for example, which Ilearn is that if a young man of twenty-fiveand called Parigi is doing remarkably well atthe craft of scene-painting, it's ten to one hehad a father who was pretty good at it too:....then I do not lose time in admiring as amiracle what I have learnt is a quite naturalproduct.And if Bibiena ever existed, I like to lookup where he lived and when and so Istumble across the fact that there weVe morethan eight Bibienas.Then I look at drawings attributed to thefather and the brother and the sons, and thefun begins. Real historians do this, of course butTheatrical critics seldom do this. Every Dra- matic Critic will in future know there are fourParigis and eight Bibienas for I have told themso .... but how many knew it yesterday?Well, we all study these things a bit,here in Haarlem.The design at the head of this article is reproduced froma sepia drawing in pencil and pen for a scene in an opera,{circa 1700). The design is Italian. The original drawing isin the collection of Mr Gordon Craig, who has kindly allowedus to reproduce it. Ed. TWO WORDS ONLOYALTY TO A CAUSE Offered for the consideration of our Readers in relationto " This Little Theatre to be found on page 68. " ... To such men as concern me in any way I wishsuffering, desolation, sickness, ill-treatment, indignities ofall kinds. I wish the misery of the defeated. I have nopity for them ; because I wish them to have the oilything which to-day proves whether a man has any valueor not, namely, the capacity of sticking to his guns.Nietzsche." Come, he who stays at home is a coward. I pro- mise you weariness, hardships and battles. But we willconquer or die." Fortune, who betrays us to-day will smile on us to- morrow. lam going out from Rome. Let those whowish to continue the war against the stranger, come withme. I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor provisions. Ioffer hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death.Let him who loves his country in his heart, and not withhis lips only, follow me Garibaldi. SUCH IS THE LOYALTY WHICHTHE THEATRE, THAT OTHER WORLD,REQUIRES OF US TODAYIF IT IS TO REALIZE ITSELF. THE PLAN OF ROMA FOREWORD BY GIOVANNI BATTISTA NOLLI, 1748 J. S. Cemetaries. Fountains. Conduits of which the outlet is covered. Uncovered opening of Conduits. Quarters of the Soldiers. Gates now closed that are to be seen in the walls of Roma. IN the last number of " The Mask toe reproduced,on a reduced scale, the whole of this celebratedplan in twenty-four full page plates, adding one ofthe two lists of reference made by Nolli.We now reprint (as promised). Nolli's second tableof references, the alphabetical one.At the close we publish a letter receioed from theSuperintendent of the Royal Archives of Roma, which,like others received, testifies to the appreciation, widelymanifested, of the service " The Mask " has renderedto students in publishing the reproduction of this Plan. ALPHABETICAL INDEX OF THE PLAN EXISTING ANTIQUITIES Acqua Juturna 1056Acquedotto delPacqua Verg. 233Acquedotto di Claudio Imp, 1063Acquedotto di Claudio Imp, 25Anfiteatro Castrense 20Anfiteatro Flavio d.° il Colosseo 936Arco di M. Aurelio Imp. 353Arco di Costantino Magno 935Arco di Neron Claudio Druso 948Arco di Gallieno Imp. 41Arco detto di Giano 1053Arco dal Volgo detto de' Pantani 124Arco di Settimio Severo 96Arco eretto da' Negozianti &amp; Setti- mio Severo 1054Arco di Tito Imp. 73Argine di Tarquinio 44Bagni di Agrippa, e sue ruine 164Bagni di Paolo, e sue ruine 119Carcere Mamertina, oT sia Tulliana 921Casa dal Volgo detta di Pilato 1091Castello delPacqua Marzia detto iTrofei di Mario 37Castro Pretorio 202Circo di Flora, e sue ruine 209Circo Massimo, e sue vestigie 1058Cloaca Massima 1088Colonna antica 925Colonne antiche 1023Colonna di M. Aurelio Imp. 310Colonna Antonina giacente 340Colonna gi&amp; del Tempio della Pace 48Colonna Traiana 113Colonne tre antiche Scanellate 928Colosseo 936Conserve delle Terme Diocleziane 200Conserve delle Terme Antoniane 1065Conserve delle Terme di Tito 33Curia Ostilia, e sue ruine 959Emporio, e sue ruine 1070 Foro di Nerva, e Colonne anticlie 123Foro Palladio, o di Nerva, e sueruine 85Mausoleo d'Adriano, or CastelloS. Angelo 1319Mausoleo d'Augusto 472Meta Sudante 934Mura di Settimio Severo 1137Muri antichi 1082Muri antichi 1096Muri antichi 833Nave Votiva detta la Navicella 943Obelisco Barberino giacente 215Obelisco del Circo di Caracalla 605Obelisco del Circo di Nerone 1286Obelisco del Circo Massimo 10Obelisco Lodovisio giacente 14Obelisco del Mausoleo di Augusto 50Obelisco nella Villa Mattei 944Obelisco nella Villa Medici 393Obelisco nella Piazza della Minerva 842Obelisco nella Piazza della Rotonda 834Obelisco Solare giacente 344Palazzo de' Cesari, e sue ruine 930Pantheon detto la Rotonda 837Piedestallo della Colonna Antonina 338Ponte Cestio, or di S. Bartolomeo 1099Ponte Elio, o Adriano, or S. Angelo 1318Ponte Fabricio, o quattro Capi 1092Ponte Gianieolo, or Ponte Sisto 732Ponte Senatorio, or Ponte Rotto 1107Ponte Sublicio 1083Ponte Trionfale, c sue ruine 541Portico di Gneo Ottavio, e sueruine 756Rocca Tapea 978Ruine Antiche 3Saline antiche 1081Sepolcro di Caio Cestio 1068Sepolcro di Caio Publicio 110Sito del Settizonio di Severo 953Teatro di Marcello 1022Teatro di Pompeo, e sue ruine 636 Tempio di Antonino © Faustina 81Tempio di Antonino Pio 322Tempio creduto di Claudio 1Tempio della Concordia 924Tempio d'Ercole Custode 884Tempio della Fortuna Virile 1090Tempio di Giove Tonante 923Tempio creduto d'Isside, e Sera- pide 71Tempio di Minerva Medica 26Tempio creduto di Nettuno 328Tempio della Pace 74Tempio della Pudicizia e sue ruine 1086Tempio creduto di Romolo 962Tempio creduto del sole, e sueruine 258Tempio di Venere 208Tempio di Venere, e Cupidine 22Tempio di Vesta 1089Terme di Agrippa, e sue ruine 874Terme Alessandrine, e sue ruine 806Terme Antoniane 1064Terme Diocleziane 203Terme di S. Elena 24Terme di Tito Imp. 32Terme di Traian Decio, e sue ruine 1070Trofei detti di Mario, e sue ruine 37Villa di Mecenate, e sue ruine 39 ACQUEDUCTS&amp; MODERN ARCHES Acqaedotto delPacqua Felice 205Acquedotto delPacqua Paola 1191Acquedotto delPacqua Paola 1281Arco di S. Agostino 516Arco di Carbognano 302Arco della Ciambella 785Arco de' Gesuiti 848Arco di Gin nasi 892Arco de' Greci 410Arco di Parma 523 CHAPELS S. Andrea 956S. Antonio di Padova 1189S. Barbara 957S. Caterina da Siena 841SS. Ooncezione 1276Crocifissione di S. Pietro 1187SS. Crocifisso nel Cemeterio diS. Spirito 1235SS. Crocifisso 945S. Domenico 950S. Gaetano 394S. Gio. in Oleo 947S. Lazzaro a' Marmorata 1073S. Margarita 18S. Maria delPArco 1067S. Maria de' Cisterciensi 19S. M. in Monasterio 61S. M. de' Cerchi 960S. M. Maggiore in Aventino 1078S. M. Maddalena 1232S. M. Sotto PArco, e Abitazioned&amp; Cavallegieri 1267S. Maria della Pieta nel Colosseo 936S. Maria nel Sagro Monte di Pietk 725S. M presso S, Marco 105S. Silvia 955Triclinio Leoniano 17 CHURCHES OF SECOLARSWITH MONASTERIESCONVENTS HOSPICES &amp;c. S, Adriano de' PP. della Mercede 94S. Agata in Suburra, de' Monacidi Monte Yergine 168S. Agata di Tessitori 92S. Agata in Trastevere de' PP.della Dottr, Crist. 1156S. Agnese 608S. Agostino degli Agostiniani Paroc. 816S. Alessio de' Monaci Geronimini 1076S. Ambrogio della Massima Mona- che Benedettine 1017S. Anastasia Collegiata 961Si Andrea e Bernardino de' Ri- gattieri 70S. Andrea delle Eratte de' Minimiparoc. 365S. Andrea k Monte Cavallo de' Ge- suiti 177S. Andrea degli Scozzesi 218S, Andrea dello Sped, di S. Gio. La- terano 12S, Andrea della Yalle de' Teatini 775S. Angelo in Borgo 1314SS. Angeli Custodi 231S. Angelo in Pescaria paroc. ecolleg. 1020S. Aniano de' Lavoranti Calzolai 1052S, Anna Monache Benedettine 763S. Anna de' Calzettari 1084S. Anna, e Gioachino de' Carme- litani Spagnuoli 179S. Anna de' Parafrenieri 1293SS.ma Annunziata all'Arco de' Pan- tani Monache Domenic. 123SS.tha Annunziata Monache Ago- stiniane dette le Turchine 157S. Antonio Ab, de' Canonici Rego- lari di Yienna in Francia 45S. Antonio de' Portoghesi 506S. Apollinare paroc. 515S. Apollonia Monache del 3 or- dine di S. Eranc. 1169SS. XII Apostoli de' Minori con- ventual paroc. 283S. Atanasio de' Greci 409S. Balbina de' Pii Operari 1060Bambino Gesti Oblate Agostiniane 162S. Barbera de' Librari 634SS. Bartolomeo, e Alessandro de'Bergamaschi 316S. Bartolomeo all' Isola de' MinoriOsservanti paroc. 1098S. Bartolomeo de' Yaccinari 748S. Basilio de' Monaci Basiliani 213SS. Benedetto, e Scolastica de' Norcini 786SS. Benedetto in Piscinola paroc. 1104S. Bernardino da Siena monachedel 3 ord. di S. S. Bernardo alle Term© de' Cister- cien. Riform. di detto Santo 195S. Biagio della Pagnotta Par. 558S. Bibiana 27S. Bonaventura de' Minori Osser- vanti del Ritiro 931S. Bonosa de' Calzolai 1154S. Brigida de' Goti de' PP. del3® Ord. del SS.riio Salvatore 699S. Caio unita alle Monache Bar- berine 192S. Calisto de' Monaci Cassinensi 1164Delia Carcere di S. Pietro 921S. Carlo a' Catinari de' Barnabitiparoc. 759SS. Carlo, ed Ambrogio de' Mila- nesi 461S. Carlo alle qnattro Eontane deTrinitari Scalzi Spagnuoli 180S. Catarina de' Eunari MonacheAgostiniane 1003S. Catarina della Rota paroc. 702S. Catarina da Siena Monachi Do- menicane 130S. Catarina de' Sannesi 695SS. Celso, e Giuliano Colleg. paroc. 575 S. Cecilia Monache Bened.a paroc. 1121S. Cesareo 1062S. Chiara Mouache di detta Santa 873S. Claudio de' Borgoguoni 236S. Clement© de* Domenic. Ibernesi 130SS.ma Concez.e delle Camaldolesi 1120SS.ma Concezione de' Cappuccini 380SS.ma Concezione Monache Cap- pucine dette Earnesiane 67SS.ma Concezione alle Viperesche 42SS. Cosmo, e Damiano de' Barbieri 768SS. Cosmo, © Damiano in CampoYaccino de ' PP. del 3 ord. diS. Eranc. 80SS. Cosmo, e Damiano in Traste- vere Monache di S. Chiara 1136S. Croce in Gerusalemme de' Mo- naci Cistercien. Lombardi 21S. Croce e Bonaventura de' Luc- chesi 1256S. Croce alia Longara MonacheAgostiniane della Penitenza 1214S. Dionisio de' Trinitari ScalziErancesi 182SS. Domenico e Sisto Monache Do- menic, della Prov. di Lom- bardia 131S. Dorotea de' Minori Convent. 1206S. Egidio in Borgo 1294S. Egidio in Trastevere MonacheCarmelitane Scalze 1182S. Elena de' Credenzieri 764S. Eligio de' Eerrari 1047S. Eligio degli Orefici 690S. Eligie de' Sellari 1101S. Elisabetta degl' Invalidi 565S. Elisabetta de' Garzoni TedeschiEornari 631S. Eufemia Conserv. di Zitelle 115S. Eusebio de' Monaci Celestini 38S. Eustachio Colleg. paroc. 802S. Eranc. Bomana dentro il Mo- nast. delle Monac. oblate diTor de' Specchi 986S. Eranc. Romana in Campo Yac- cino de' Monaci Olivetani 72S. Erancesca Romana k capo le Casede' Trinitari Italiani 375S. Francesco d'Assisi 731S. Francesco di Paola de' Minimidi Calabria paroc. 65S. Francesco a' Ripa de' Min. Os- ser. Riiorm. 1134S. Filippo Neri de' Convertiti 1250S, Eilippo Neri a Strada Giulia 666SS. Faustina© Giovita detta S. Annade' Bresciani 559S. Galla 1040Gesii e casa professa de' Gesuiti 902Gesu, e Maria degli AgostinianiScalzi 407S. Giacomo degl' Incnrabili 476S. Giacomo alia Longara MonacheAgostiniane 1216S. Giacomo Scossa Cavalli paroc. 1248S. Giacomo de' Spagnuoli 606S. Giorgio in Yelabro degli Ago- stiniani di Genova 1055S. Gio. in Aino paroc, 681S. Gio. Calibita de' Benfratelli 1093S. Gio. Decollato 1049S. Gio. de' Fiorentini paroc. 549S. Gio, in Font© 9S. Gio. de' Genovesi 1120S. Gio. Laterano Patriarc. e paroc. 5S. Gio. della Malva de' Ministridegl' Infermi paroc. 1203S. Gio. de' Maroniti 228S. Gio. de' PP. della Mercede 361S. Gio. e Paolo de' Missionari 958S. Gio. e Petronio de' Bolognesi 713S. Gio. della Pigna 869S. Gio. a Porta Latina de' Minimidella Prov. Rom. 946S. Girolamo della Caritit 1701S. Girolamo de' Schiavoni Colleg. 459S. Giuliano in Banchi 578S. Giuliano de' Eiamminghi 772S. Giuliano a' Monti de' Carmelit.della Prov. Rom. 26 S. Giuseppe a' capo le Case Mona- che Teresiane 373S. Giuseppe de' Ealegnami 921S. Giuseppe alia Longara de' PiiOperari 1225S. Gregorio Magno sul Monte Celiode' Monaci Camaldolesi 1954S. Gregorio de' Muratori 495S. Gregorio a' Ponti 4 Capi 1036S. Grisogono de' Carmelitani dellaCongreg. di Mantoa paroc. 1143S. Jgnazio de' Gesuiti 847SS. ildefonso, e Tommaso da Yil- lanova degli Agostiniani ScalziSpagnuoli 374SSma Incarnazione Monache Car- melitane di S. M. Maddalenade' Pazzi 192S. Isidoro de' Minori Osser. Ir- landesi 384S. Ivo de' Britanni paroc. 504S. Ivo nella sapienza 800S. Leonardo degli Eremiti Camal- dolesi di Monte Corona 1226SS. Lorenzo, e Damaso Colleg. eparoc. 645S. Lorenzo in Forte 153S. Lorenzo in Lucina de' ChiericiMinori paroc. 350S. Lorenzo in Miranda de' Speziali 81S, Lorenzo a' Monti paroc. 106S. Lorenzo in Pane, e Perna Mo- nache di S. Chiara 164S. Lorenzo in Piscibus de' PP. dellescuole Pie 1257S. Lucia delle Botteghe OscureMonache Teresiane paroc. 893S. Lucia della Cliiavica 661S. Lucia in Selce Monache Agosti- niane 59S. Lucia della Tinta Colleg. e par. 508S. Luigi de' Francesi paroc. 808S. Marcello de' Serviti Parrocchia 286S. Marco Colleg. e paroc. 907S. Margarita Monache del 3 or. diS. Francesco 1170S. M. degli Angeli alle Termede' Monaci Certosini 203S. M. dell'Anima della NazionTeutonica 600S. M. in Aquiro paroc. 330S. M. d'Araeeli de' Minori Osser. 917S. M. del buon Yiaggio 1127S. M. in Cacaberis de' Cocchieri 755S. M. in Campo Carleo paroc. 121S. M. in Campo Marzo MonacheBenedettine 440S. M. in Cappella 1116S. M. del Carmine 267S. M. della Consolazione 966S. M. in Cosmedin Colleg. e paroc. 1086S. M. de' 7 dolori oblate Agosti- niane 1196S. M. in Domenica detta la Navi- cella de' Melchiti di S. Basilio 942S. M. Egiziaca degli Armeni 1090S. M. de' Febribus or Sagrestia diS. Pietro in Yaticano 1284S. M. in Eonte 7S. M. e S. Gallicano 1159S. M. delle Grazie alia Consola- zione 968S. M. delle Grazie de' Romiti a'Porta Angelica 1296S. M. di Grotta Pinta paroc. 635S. M. dell'ldria de' Siciliani 372S. M. Imperatrice 940S. M. Liberatrice 929S. M. di Loreto al Colosseo 31S. M. di Loreto de' Eornari 274S. M. Maddalena al corso MonacheAgostiniane 356S. M. Maddalena a' Monte CavalloMonache Domenicane 176S. M. Maddalena de' Ministri de- gl' Infermi 334S. M. Maggiore Patriarcale 49S. M. ad Martires Colleg. paroc. 837S. M. sopra Minerva de' Domeni- cani paroc. 844 S. M. de Miracoli de' PP. del3 ord. Pi form, di S. Franc.Francesi 484S. M. di Monserrato degli Ara- gonesi 688S. M. di Monte Santo de' Carme- litani Piform. 404S. M. di Monterone de' PP. dellaMercede Scalzi Italiani paroc. 784S. M. de' Monti de' Pii Operari 137S. M. in Monticelli de' PP. dellaDottr. Crist. Avignanesi paroc. 737S. M. della Neve de Cistercien.Piform. Fuliensi 221S. M. dell' Orazione detta dellaMorte 703S. M. dell' Orto 1122S. M. della Pace dei CanoniciPegol. Late ran en si paroc. 599S. M. del Pascolo de' Monaci Ba- siliani Puteni 140S. M. del Pianto 753S. M. della Piet&amp; in Campo Santodella Nazion Tedesca 1271S. M. del Popolo degli AgostinianiLombardi paroc. 401S. M. Porta Paradisi 479S. M. in Porticu de' Chierici Pegol.della Madre di Dio paroc. 989S. M. in Posterula de' Monaci Ce- lestini paroc. 522S. M. del Priorato 1075S. M. della Providenza, e Conser.di Zitelle 492S. M. in Publicolis paroc. 757S. M. della Puraficazione in Banchide' Transalpini 553S. M. della Puraficazione ai MontiMonache di S. Chiara 60S. M. della Purity de' Caudatari 1309S. M. della Quercia de' Marcellari 710S. M. Pegina Coeli Monache Car- melitane Scalzi 1221S. M. della Sanity de' Siriaci 186S. M. della Scala de' CarmelitaniScalzi 1199S. M. del Sole 1089S. M. del Sufiragio 560S. M. della Traspontina de' Car- melitani paroc. 1311S. M. in Trastevere Collegiata paroc. 1165S. M. in Trivio de' Ministri degliInfermi paroc. 242S. M. in Vallieella de' PP. dellaCongreg. dell' Orat. 656S. M. delle Yergini Monache Ago- stiniane 299S. M, in Via de' Servi di Mariaparoc. 238S. M. in Via Lata Colleg. paroc. 851S. M. in Vinci de' Saponari 975S. M. della Yittoria, de' Carme- litani Scalzi Italiani 207S. M. dell' Umiltk Monache Dome- nicane 296S. Marta Monache Agostiniane 859S. Marta al Yaticano de' TrinitariScalzi Italiani 1278S. Martina, e Luca de' Pit tori 97S. Martino al Monte della Piet&amp; 723S. Martino a' Monti de' Carmeli- tani paroc. 58S. Martino degli Svizzeri 1289S. Matteo in Merluana degli Ago- stiniani Irlandesi 28S. Mauto 323SS. Michele, e Magno 1259Nativity di N. S. G. C. degli Ago- nizanti 619SS. Nereo, ed Achilleo 1061S. Nicold in Arcione de' Servi diMaria paroc. 224S. Nicolb in Carcere Collegiata Pa- rocchia 1038S. Nicolb a Cesarini de' Somaschiparoc. 883S. Nicolb degl' Incoronati Parocchia 664S. Nicolb de' Lorenesi 603S. Nicolb de' Prifetti de' Domeni- cani di S. Sabina paroc. 447 S. Nicolb di Tolentino degli Ago- stiniani Scalzi *2llSSmo Nome di Maria 272S. Norberto de' Canonici Pre- moßtratensi 189S. Omobono de' Sartori 1046S. Onofrio di Ermiti del B. Pietroda Pisa 1228SS. Orsola e Catarina 981S. Orsola Monache Agostiniane 412S. Pantaleone de' PP. delle SeaolePie 624S- Pantaleone a Monti 76S. Paolo prim* Eremita degli Ere- mifci Ungari 185S. Paolo alia Regola de' PP. del3 ord. di S. Franc. Siciliani 734S. Pasquale g\k SS, 40. MM. DeiMinori Osser. Scalzi Spagnuoli 1139S. Pellegrino della Guardia Sviz- zera 1435SS. Pietro, e Marcellino de' Maro- niti di S. Antonio Ab. 29S. Pietro in Montorio de' MinoriOsser v. Riform. 1186S. Pietro in Yaticano Patriarcale,e paroe. 1285S. Pietro in Vincoli de' CanoniciPeg. di S. Salvatore 64S. Prassede de' Monaci Vallombro- sani paroc. 56S. Prisca degli Agostiniani Lom- bardi 1059S. Pudenziana de' Cistercien. Pifor.di S. Bernardo 188SS. Quattro Coronati MonacheAgostiniane 938SS. Qnirico, e Giulitta de' Dome- nicane paroc. 89SS. Re Magi 364B. Pitta de' Casciani 914S. Pocco 468S. Pomnaldo de' Monaci Carnal. 278SS. Rnfina, e Seconda nel Later. 8SS. Ruftna, e Seconda in Traste- vere Oblate Agostiniane 1171S. Saba 1066S. Sabina de' Domenicani 1077SS.mo Sagramento a Monte Ca- vallo Monache Cappnccine 176SS.fiio Salvatore in Campo paroc. 738SS.ffio Salvatore de' C&amp;tecumeniparoc. 135SS.mo Salvat. delle Coppelli paroc. 825SS.tho Salvatore della Corte deiminimi paroc. 1146SS.fho Salvatore in Lauro della Na*zion Picena 535SS.fiio Salvatore in Onda de' Mi- nori Conv. paroc. 730SS.fiio Salvatore k Ponte Pottoparoc. 1108SS.mo Salvatore, e Stanislao dePollacclii 999SS.mo Salvatore in Tbermis 807SS.rno Salvatore al Torrione di- smesso 1264Sancta Sanctorum, e Scala Santa 15S. Sebastiano de' Mercanti 1009S. Sebastiano alia Polveriera 932S. Silvestro, in Capite Monachedi S. Chiara 357S. Silvestro k Monte Cavallo deiTeatini 259S. Silvestro degli Scultori 939S. Simon Profeta paroc. 525S. Simon, e Giuda paroc. 586S. Sis to de' Domenicani Trlandesi 949Spirito Santo alia Colonna TraianaMonache Canoniehesse Late- ranensi 114Spirito Santo de' Napolitani 678S. Spirito in Sassia dei CanoniciPegol. Ospitalieri paroc. 1238S. Stefano, del Cacco de' MonaciSilvestrini paroc. 860S. Stefano. de' Monaci Copti diS. Antonio Ab. 1279S. Stefano in Piscinula paroc. 660S. Stefano Potondo 1 S. Stefano degli Ungari 1274Stimmate di S. Francesco 866SSmo Sudario de' Piemontesi 774S. Susanna Monache Cistercien.paroc. 206SS. Teresa, e Gio. della Croce deiCarmelitani Scalzi 722S. Teresa alle 4 fontane MonacheCarmelitane Scalze 191S. Tecla in S. Spirito 1240S. Teodoro 962S. Tommaso Ap. a Cenci paroc. 751S. Tommaso Ap. in Formis 941S. Tommaso Ap. in Parione paroc. 615S. Tommaso Cantuorieuse degliInglesi 697Trasfigurazioue del Sig.re nel- l'Ospiz, Apost. di S. Michele 1128S. Trifone 532SS. Trinity de' Trinitari Casti- gliani 423SS. TrinirA de' Missjonari 341SS. Trinity de' Monti de' MinimiFrancesi 391S. Trinity de' Pellegrini 726S. Yenanzio de camerinesi Paroc. 910B. Yergine del Rosario dentro Ca- stello 1320SS. Vincenzo, ed Anastasio deiCuochi paroc. 746SS. Yicenzo ed Anastasio a Trevidei Chierici Minori paroc. 247Yisitazione Monache di S. Fran- cesco di Sales 1223S. Yitale de Gesuiti 178SS. Vito, e Modesto de' MonaciCistercien. della Provincia Ro- mana 40S. Urbano Monache Cappuccine 103 COLLEGES &amp; SEMINARIES Accademia Ecclesiastica 840Collegio Bandinelli 555Collegio Capranica 333Collegio Cerasoli 316Collegio Clemeutino 499Collegio Fuccioli 133Colleg. Germauico Ungar. 815-515Collegio Ghislieri 677Collegio Ginnasi 895Collegio Greco 411Collegio degl' Ibernesi 126Collegio degl' Inglesi 697Collegio de' Maroniti 228Collegio Nardini 613Collegio Nazzareno 367Collegio de' Neofiti 137Collegio Panfili 608Collegio Piceno 535Collegio di Propaganda-Fide 364Collegio Salviati 330Collegio Scozzese 218Collegio dell' Umbria 1014Seminario di S. Pietro 1277Seminario Romano 324 CONSERVATORIES &amp;MONASTERIES OF WOMENWITHOUT CHURCH Conserv. dell'Assnnta 1194Conserv. di S. Gio. Laterano 6Conserv. dell© Malmaritate 1231Conserv. delle Mendicanti 75Gonserv. di S. Pasquale 1119Conserv. delle Penitenti 1230Conserv. delle Zoceolette 733Monast. delle Filippine 158Monast. dell' Oblate di S. Franc, diPaola 62 CELEBRATED FOUNTAINS Dell'Acqua Felice 205DelPAcqua Paola 1190Del Babuino 399Del Facchino 850 Del Mascherone di Farnese 704Quattro Fontane 181Di Trevi 243PUBLIC PLACESAccademia degli Arcadi 1193Accademia di Francia 285Banco di S. Spirito 572Bastioni di Paolo 111 1074Bastioni di S. Spirito 1236Cancelleria Apostolica 647Carceri di Campidoglio 920Carceri di Correzione per i Fan- ciulli 1132Carceri per le Donne 1133Carceri nuove 632Cinque Scuole degli Ebrei cio&amp;Catalana, Siciliana, Castigliana.Scuola nuova, e Scuola delTempio 1030Conforteria 539Consulta 174Curia Innocenziana 339Dataria Apostolica 349Dogana della Grascia 926Dogana di Ripa Grande 1126Dogana di Ripetta 493Dogana di Terra 322Dogana del Yino 1125Fabrica del Tabacco 1195Govern o 614Granari Pubbliei 197Granari Pubbliei 204Luogo della Ripresa de' Barberi 111Luogo ove Sermoneggiano i PP.della Congreg. dell'Orat. 1229Memoria di Enrico IY 43Monte di Pieta 725Mura della Citta fatte da S.Leone IV 1283Orto Bottauico 1192Palaz. dell' Inquisizione 1265Pol verier a 933Porta Antica di Roma, e Corri- dore di Alessandro Y1 1291Porta Settimiana 1207Porta S. Spirito 1237Quartiere della Guardia Reale 253Quartiere della Guardia Svizzera 1290Sapienza 799Scuole di S. Agata in Trastevere 1156Scuole pubbliche del Collegio Ro- mano 847Scuole pubbliche di S. Lorenzo inPiscibus 1257Scuole pubbliche di S. Pantaleone 624Scuole nuove de' PP. delle ScuolePie 891Scuole delle Mastre Pie 864Sepoltura degli Ebrei 1057Sepoltura de' Giustiziati - 1051Sepoltura degp Impeniten ti 402Sepoltura de' Protestanti 201Sepoltura de' Protestanti 1069Teatro Alibert 296Teatro Argentina 771Teatro Capranica 332Teatro de' Granari 618Teatro della Pace 611Teatro della Pallaccorda 441Teatro di Tordinona 536Teatro della Yalle 795Zecca 1288o ORATORIES oS. Andrea de' Pescevendoli 1021S. Andrea de' Yascellari 1110S. Andrea in Yinci de' Scar- pellini 977S. Angelo in Borgo 1315SS. Assunta, e Cecilia alia Ch.Nuova 657S. Carlo al Corso 462S. Catarina in S. Bernardo 196 SS. Cosmo e Damiano de' Barbieri 769SS.mo Crocifisso a S. Marcello 287SS#mo Crocifisso in S. Niccolb inArcione 225Del Cuor di Gesu 963Dottrina Cristiana 754Dottrina Cristiana nella Traspon- tina 1212S. Eligio de' Ferrari 1048S. Francesco di Paola 66Gesh Maria, e Giuseppe 408S. Giacomo Apost. de' Capellari 735S. Giuseppe de1 Falegnami 922S. Gio. Batta. de* Neofiti 136S. Gio. Decollato 1050S* Gregorio de' Muratori 496S. Gregorio Taumaturgo 908S. M. del Carmine alle 3 Cannelle 267S. M. del Carmine in Trastevere 1144S. M. del Confaleone 562S. M. della Neve 138S. M. della Piet&amp; del P. Caravita 848S. M. della Pieta in Campo Santo 1272S. M. del Riscatto 95S. M. del Suffragio 561B. Nicola de' Rupe 251S, Orsola detta il Consolato 550Delle Piaghe di Gesti Cristo 667S. Rocco 469Spirito Santo de' Napolitani 679S. Spirito in Sassia 1245SS.mo Sagramento in S. Andreadelle Fratte 366SS.fiio Sagramento in S. Susanna 376SS.mo Sagramento in SS. Celso eGiuliano 576SS.mo Sagramento in S. Gio. dellaMalva 1204SS.mo Sagramento in S. Lorenzoin Damaso 646SS.iho Sagramento in S. M. in Via 239SS fiio Sagramento in S. Nicoloin Carcere 1039SS.fiio Sagramento in S. Niccolbde' Prefetti 448SS.mo Sagramento in SS. Quirico,e Giulitta 90SS.fiio Sagramento in S. Gio. La- terano 16SS.fiio Sagramento in S. GiacomoScossacavalli 1249SS.mo Sagramento in S. Lorenzoin Lucina 424SS.tho Sagramento in S, M. in Tra- stevere 1166SS.mo Sagram. alia Rotonda 838S. Teresa alia Scala 1200SS. Trinita de' Pellegrini 727REGULAR HOSPICESWITHOUT CHURCHBenedettini Spagnuoli 377Benfratelli Spagnuoli 155Cistercien. Lombardi di S. Croce 304Cistercien. delle 3 Fontane 982Eremiti Camaldolesi Toscani 194Geronimini di S. Alessio 983Penitenzieri di S. Gio. Laterano 4Penitenzieri di S. M. Maggiore 47Penitenzieri di S. Pietro in Vati- cano 1252S EC U L AR HOSPICESCatecumeni 135Convalescenti 31Convertiti alia Fede 1250Cortegiani 153Fanciulli Orfani 330Fanciulli proietti 1241S. Galla per gli Domini 1040S. Luigi Gonzaga per le Donne 1041S. Michele per le Donne Invalide 1129S. Michele per li Fanciulli 1131 S. Michele per gli Domini In- validi H3OPellegrini e Convalescent! 726Preti Pellegrini 890Yedove 120NATIONAL ERCULARo HOSPICES oArmeni 1090Aragonesi 688Borgognoni 236Castigliani 606Francesi 808Liegesi 456Polacchi 999Portoghesi 506Siciliani 372Siriaci 186Teutonici 600Yescovi Yeneti 260o PALACES o—&gt;aM—mmmMmmmMMmmmmmmrmamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrnmrnrnm*Abitazione della Famiglia di CasaColonna 265Abitazione della Famiglia Ponti- ficia 255Abitazione di Raffael d'Drbino 584Accademia di Francia 285Di Agostino Ghigi oggi Farneee 1212Accoramboni 826Accoramboni 1308Albani 187Albani 190AJbani 184Alberini 178Alberoni 230Alibrandi 739A1 temps, Isimbardi, e S. Casa diLoreto 279Altemps 519Altieri al Gesii 861Altieri in Campitelli 988Altieri in Campitelli 1001Altoviti 540Amadei 865Amadori 352De Angelis 368Della Comp. delPAnnunziata 1010Delia Comp. de' SS. XII Apostoli 290Della Comp. de' SS. XII Apostoli 626Astalli 995D'Aste 856D'Aste 672D'Aste di Genova 498Degli Atti 692Avogadri 425Baldocci 696Barberini con Villa 1260Barberini 215Barberini 216Bernini 362Boccapadnli 1011Bolognetti 277Bonadies 643Bonaventura 596Boncompagni 398Boncompauni 651Bonelli 273Borghese 451Borgbese 453Borghese 831Bossi 670Bufalo 234Bufalo 782Bussi 878Caccia 729Caffarelli 979Camerata 580Cancellaria Apostolica 647Caraccioli 621Carafa 511Carandini 109Cardelli 445 Cardelli gik Capponi 491Cardelli 992De Carolis 849Carpegna 804S. Casa di Lore to 437Casali 818Capizucchi 987Capponi 579Capponi 684Capranica 331Capranica 794Cavalieri 244Cavalieri 765Cavalieri 1254Cavailerini 766Cavalletti 990Caucci 655Cellesi ora Negron 503Cenci 756Cenci 790Cerosoli 162Cesarini 887Cesi 522Cesi 868Cesi 1256Cesi 1261Ceva 117Ciampin* 51Cicciaporci 574Ciccolini 269Cicogni 294Cimarra 149Del Cinque 313Circi 909Colonna Contestabile 281Cloonna Contestabile 258Colonna di Carbognano 300Colonna di Sonnino 885Colonna 863Coltrolini 777De' Conservatori 919Della Consulta 174Conti 241Conti 344Conti 780Conti 105Dell' Ospiz. de' Convertiti 1251Correa 472Delia Confr. del Confalone 512Corsini 1210Corsini Palombara 839Costaguti 1015Crescenzi 835Dataria Apostolica 249Del Drago 594Ealconieri 693Falconieri 694Earnese 705Earnese 1211Eioravante 700Di Eirenze 446Elorenzi 261Eonseca 871Gabrielli 582Gaetani 35Galli e Colloretti 616Galli 642Galloppi 217Gamberucci 913Gentili 226Del Collegio Germanico TJngarico 814Ghigi 309Ghigi 348Ghigi Montorio 686Ghislieri 100Di S. Giacomo degP Incurabili 321Di S. Giacomo degl' Incurabili 481Di S. Giacomo degl' Incurabili 828Ginnasi 894Giraud 1310Giustiniani 832Gomez 415Gottifredi 521Gottifredi 857Grassi 266Grillo 128Giimaldi 295Grimani 219Guarnieri 385Guelfi, Camaiani Montauti, e Ro- varelli 318Jacobilli 760Incoronati 671Ingani 862Del Collegio Inglese 698Dell' Inquisizione 1265Lancellotti 633Lancellotti 623Lanci 303Lanti 793Lanti 1218Lavaiani 646Leoni 1168Lercari 1037Lucatelli 381Ludovisi 382Maccarani 297Maccarani 993Maculani 609Magnani 349Delia Religion di Malta 418Mancini 665Mandosi 709Manfroni 432Manfroni 629Mantica HOMari 1258Mariscotti 867Mariscotti 342Di S. M. dell'Anima 598De' PP. della Minerva 843Maruscelli 427Massimi 984Massimi alle Colonne 625Mattei di Giove 1004Mattei di Paganica 1006Mattei di Paganica 997Medici 392Medici d.° di Madama 806Melchiorri 836Magnanelli 389Millini 288Minucci 475Molara 262Delle Monacbe di S. Anna 1163Delle Monacbe di Calvi 314Delle Monacbe di Campo Marzo 336Dell'Antico Monte di Pieta 595Montecatini 320Montemarte B^7Moroni 1008Del Museo Capitolino 918Muti Bussi 91xMuti Papazzurri 289Muti Papazzurri 292Muti Sacchetti 877Nari 789Nari 823Negroni 199Negroni 1005Negroni 502Del Nero 567Niccolini 317Niccolini 547Della Congreg. de* Nobili al Gesh 996Nunez 426Nunez 870Olgiati 363Odescalco 284Della Casa degli Orfani 312Orsini 673Origo 880Ornani 604Orsini 1022Dell' Ospiz. Apost. D.° la CuriaInnocenziani 339Dell* Ospiz. Apost. Abitaz. diMonsigr Yicegerente 311Ossoli 1167Otxoboni 351Palm a 822Palombara 345Panfili 169Panfili 332Panfili 607Panfili 853Panfili 852Panfili 854Pannini 683Papi 271 Paraciani 276Passarini 148Patrizi 629Patrizi 1002Pescatori 781Perucchi 378Petroni 001Petroni 900Pianetti 172Dell' Ereditk di Pietro da Oortona 916Pighini 708Pio 636Pocavena 65Pontificio a S. Gio. Laterano 6Pontificio nel Quirinale 250Scuderia Pontificia 254Pontificio Yaticano 1287Delia Porta 419Quarantotto 457Raggi 055Ravenna 63Reali 170Rocci 680Rita 024Rocci ora Spada 674De Romania 610Rondinini 043Rondinini 483Delia Comp. del Rosario 228Rospigliosi 173De Rossi 652Ruspoli 434Ruspoli 985Sacchetti 657Sagripanti 629o * r rxrkSala 693Seristori 1265Salviati 1227Sampieri 631Santacroce 740Santacroce per la Eamiglia 741Santacroce 1013Delia Comp. di Sancta Sanctorum 821Delia Comp. di Sancta Sanctorum 614Delia Comp. di Sancta Sanctorum 898Scarlatti 270Del Senatore di Roma 920Serlupi Serlupi 1019Sforza Cesarini 669De Signoribus 741Sinibaldi 787Selvestri Spada 006Spada 670Spada j a CaP° (U Ferr° 716Delia Corona di Spagna 429SpinolaDi S. Spirito Hf?Stella 264Strozzi Tanara 687Teodoli Testa Piccolomini 257Delia Relig. Teutonica 712Tomati 086Delia Trinitk de' Pellegrini 421Trull i 627Yaldina Cremona 439Di Yenezia *O3YerospiYerospi f5Yidman ~ouYiscardi 899Zuccari, Nazzari, Comp. dell'An- nunziata, e Luogo Pio d'Orfani 390o PIAZZAS oDelPAgnello 648DelCAvila 689Rarberina 214Del Biscione 637Delia Bocca della Yeritk 1087Borgbese 452Di Branca 742Campo di Eiore 638 Campo Marzo 438Campo Yaccino 927Oaplzucchi 991Capranica 329De Caprettari 791Delie Carrette 464Delle Carrette 87Di Catalone 1300Delia Catena 976De' Cenci 749Della Chiavica di S. Lucia 668De' Cimatori 648Del Cinque 1178Del Collegio Romano 846Colorma 310Delia Colonna Traiana 113Costaguti 1012Della Crocetta 1145Di S. Eustachio 801Farnese con 2 Fontane 706Della Ferratella 945Fiammetta 530Del Fico 591Di Firenze 442DePa Fontana Secca 1238Delia Fontanella 1043Delle Fornaci 1201Del Fosso 1280Delle Gensole 1102Giudea fuori Ghetto 1025Giudea dentro del Ghetto 1026Del Grillo 127Lombarda 811Dei Macelli 1028Di Macel di Corvi 112De' Due Macelli 369Madama 805Margana 994Del Masclierino 1307Mattei 1016Mlgnanelli 388Della Minerva 842De' Miracoli 486Di Molara 1100Montanara 974Di Monte Cavallo 252Di Monte Citorio 338Del Monte della Farina 761Di Monte di Fiore 1142Di Monte Giordano 581Del Monte di Piet&amp; 724Di Monte d'oro 455Del Muro nnovo 1152Della FTavicella 943Navona 605Nicosia 501DelP Oca 488Dell' Olmo 1151DelP Olmo 887Otto Cantoni 465Della Pace 597Padella 663Prganica 1007Palomba 517Del Paradiso 630De Pasquino 620Pensile a S. Pietro Montorio 1188Di Pescaria 1023Di Pietra 315Della Pilotta 293Di Poli 240Paliaroli 639Di Ponte Sisto in Trastevere 1179Del Popolo 403Del Pozzo delle Cornacchie 827De' Renzi 1175De' Ricci 675Romana 1157Rondinina 830Rosa 305Della Rotonda 834Della Ruaccia 1172Sannesia 1253De' Satiri 633Di Scanderbech 246Di Sciarra 302Delle Scuole in Ghetto, 1209Serlupi 1018Di Sforza 568Di Sora 652 Di Spada 718Di Spagna 395Degli Specchi 736Strozzi 881Della Saburra 154Di Termini 198Della Torretta 436Tor Sanguigna 518Tre Cannelle 263Delle 3 Cannelle in Ghetto 1033Di Trevi 243Delia Yalle 783De' Yascellari 1114Delle Vaschette 1299Di Yenezia 906Do' Zingari 145o HOSPITALS oDi S, AntonioAAbe per gli offesidal fuoco 46Di S. Giacomo degli Incurabili perle donne 477Per gli Domini 478Di S. Giacomo dismesso 480Di S. Gio. Calibita do' Benfratelli 1094Di S. Gio Laterano per gli Domini 11Per le Donne 13Di S. Gio. sud,° dismesso. oraFenile 937Di S. M. e, Gallicano per gli Do- mini 1160Per le Donne 1161Di S. M. della consolazione per gliDomini 967Per le Donne 969Di S. M. di Loreto 275Di S. M. delP Orto 1123Di S. M. della Piet&amp; de' Pazzi pergli Domini 1233Per le Donne 1234Di S. Rocco per gli Domini 470Per le Donne Partorienti 471Per i Sacerdoti a Ponte Sisto 731Di S. Spirito 1242 1243NATIONAL HOSPITALSDegli Aragonesi in S. M. di Mon- serrato 688De' Bergamaschi in S. Bartolomeo,ed Alessandro 316De' Castigliani a S. Giacomo 606De' Fiorentini a S. Gio. 549De' Francesi a S. Luigi 809De' Lucchesi a S. Croce e Bona- ventura 256De' Milanesi a S. Carlo al Cor*o 461De* Portogbesi in S. Antonio 506De' Schiavoni a S. Girolamo 459Per le Donne Tedesche 1273De' Fornari Tedeschi 631o STREETS oAlessandrina 79Anicia e Frangipana 1117Dell'Arco della Ciambella 875Argentina 767Dell'Armata 691DelP Babnino 399Baccina 134De* Banebi 573Banchi Yecchi 566De' Baullari 640Benedetta 1202Di Boccaleone 430Bonella 98Di Borgo Angelico 1297Di Borgo Angelico 1202Di Borgo S. Angelo 1313Di Borgo nnovo 1247Di Borgo Pio 1301Di Borgo S. Spirito 1244 Di Borgo Vecchio 1246Di Borgo Yittorio 1298Borgognona 428Del Boschetfco 166Delle Botteghe oscure 998Del Braccio 1270Del Campanile 1302Di Campo Carleo 122Di Campo Marzo 441Di Campo Santo 1269De* Canestrari 798Di Campo di Ferro 717Delle Carrette 142Delle Carrette 1263Delle Carrozze 1044Delle Carrozze 417Delia Catena 714Delia Catena 1262Celsa 896Cesarini 770De' Chiavari 632Delle Chiavi d'Oro 102Delia Chiavica del Bufalo 235Delle Cinque Lune 812Clementina 146Delle Colonnelle 466Condotti 422De' Coronari 585Delia Coroncina 57Del Corso 433Cremona, e Marmorella 101Delia Croce 416Delia Croce bianca 93De' Falegnami 758Felice 23Delia Ferratella 2Delia Fiumara 1031Delle Fratte 1140Frattina 359Florida 888Gaetana 528Del Gambaro 354Di S. Giacomo gi&amp; Via Massimi 1217De' Gigli d' Oro 514Di S. Gio. de' Fiorentini 544Giulia 564De' Giupponari 721Delle Grazie 964Graziosa 159De' Greci 410Gregoriana 387Gregoriana msDelia Salita del Grillo 129Del Grottino 460Laurina 405Leccosa 497Del Leoncino 435Leonina 139Delia Longara, 1208Del Macello 458Delia Malva 1106Di Marforio 108Margutta 397Marmorata 1072De' Moroniti 229Delia Maschera d'oro 527Del Mattonato 1197Delle due Mole 1149Di Monserrato 682Di Monte Brianzo 509Di Monte Caprino 971Di Monte Oitorio 337Del Monte della Farina 762Di Monte Magnanapoli 118Di Monte Tarpeo 970Del Moretto 360De' Morticelli 1135Delle Muratte 301Del Muro nnovo 1152Nuova 245Dell' Olmo 54Orsina 406Dell' Or so 524Pace 612Della Pallaccorda al Fico 588Delia Palombella 790Di Panico 577Paolina 52Paolina 370Del Paradise 628 Paradisi 151Di Parione 653Del Pellegrino 649Di Pescaria 1029De' Pettinari 728Di Pie' di Marmo 845Delia Pilotta 282Del Pinaco 813Pontefici 473Di Porta Leone 1042Del Priorato 99Delia Purificazione 379Quattro Capi 1035Rasella 220Di Rigina Coeli 1222Delia Regola 745De' Riari 1213Delle Rimesse 1141Di Ripetta 494Delia Rua 1027Salara Antica 383Delia Salara 1080Delia Salara Yeccbia 82De' Salnmi 1111Scaccia 1282Delia Scala 1181Di Schiavonia 463Delia Scrofa 817De' Sediari, e Taccari 797De' Sediari 414Delia Serena 420De' Serpenti 141Delia Salita di Sforza 160Delle Sette Sale 34Di S. Sisto Yecchio 951Del Sole 84Di Spagna 1219De' Sugarari 976Di Testa Spaccata 107Di Tor de' Conti 91Di Tor de' Specchi 980De' Yascellari 1109Delia Yalle 779Delle Yergini 298Di S. Yitale 183Delia Yite 358Vittoria 413Dell'TTmilU 291TJrbana 152o TOWERS oArgentina 773Cantarelli 159Oartularia de' Frangipani 933Di Casa Colonna 265Del Collegio Clementino 500Nel Conservat. de' SS. Quattro 938De' Conti 86Nella Dogana della Grascia 926Gaetana aS. Bartolomeo all'lsola 1098Del Grillo 128Di S. Lorenzo in Paneperna dentroI'orto 165Di S. Lucia in Selci nel Monast. 59Margana 996Millina 610Delle Milizie 130Ottoboni 351Persiani 886Della S. Casa di Loreto 1158Santa Croce 1013Sanguigna 518De Specchi 980Stefanoni 143o VICOLI (ALLEYS) oDell'Ab.e Luigi 776Dell'Agnello 542Dell'Agnello detto Scelerato 68Dell'Albergo de' Marchegiani 803D'Alibert 1224Dell'Aquila 641Dell'Arcaccio . 1155Dell'Archetto 319 D'Ascanio 443Degl'Avignonesi 222Del Babuccio 248De' Balestrari 719Delle Boccie 1103Del Bologna 1180Del Borghetto 400Di Bucimazza 1045Del Bnco 1147Delia Bufola 973Di Cacciabove 308Di Calabraga 659Delia Campana 505Del Canale 1124Del Canestraro 1198Dei Capellari 685Delia Oaprareccia 163De' Carbonari 104Del Cardello 69De' Cartari 658De' Cenci 752De' Cesarini 889De' Ceatari 872Di Ciancaleone 150Di Cimarra 147De' Cimatori 554Del Cinque 1178Del Cipresso 1177Delle Colonnelle 335Delia Colonna 212De' Colonnesi 268Del Coral]o 590Delia Crociata 1148Delia Cuccagna 622Del Falcone 210Del Farinone 1305De' Fenili 965Delia Fontanel!a 1043Dei Frati 1316Dei Prati 1112Delia Fiezza 474Delia Frusta 1185Del Gallinaccio 227Del Gallo 707Del Gambaro 431Delia Gatta 858Delia Gatta 583Del Govern o 654De' Granari 617Del Grancio 543Delia Greca 1085Delle Grotte 720Degl' Ibernesi 125Dell' Inferno 485Dell' Isola 1097Del Lauro 83Del Leoncino 507Del Leoncino 1183Del Leoncino 1266De Leutari 644Delia Lunetta 689Delia Lnpa 449Di Madonna Lucrezia 904Del Masclierino 1306De' Materielani 810De' Matericiani 534De' Mazzarini 171Del Melone 796 Del Merangolo 237Del Merangolo 454Del Merangolo 1184Del Merangolo 747De' Miracoli 487Delle Mole 952Delia Moletta 1095Di Monte Polacco 63Di Montorio 687Delia Moretta 669Del Moro 1174De* Moroni 1205De' Rari 788D' Orfeo 1303Dell' Oro 551Delle Palle 556Delle Palle 1304Delia Palma 223Delia Palma 538Delia Palma 1113Delia Palombella 513Del Pavone 571De' Pastini 326Delia Pedacchia 915Del Pelliccia 1176Delia Penna 489Delia Pergola 467Del Pernicone 88Del Perugino 1268Del Piombo 280De' Polacebi 1000De' Pozzi 78Del Pozzo 307Del Pozzo 1162Del Pozzolo 77Delia Reneila 1173De' Riari 1209Di Rninaglia 161Di Sacchetti 1153Del Sambueo 144De' Saponari 972Di Savelli 650Di Savelli 1034Delle Scalette 490Delle Scalette 1215Dello Scalone 1275Di Scanderbech 246Delia Scarpetta 1105Delia Scimia 563De' Sediari 744Delia Serpe 1071De' Soldati 520Del Sole 602Delia Spada d' Orlando 327De' Spagnuoli 819Delia Stella 1150Dello Struzzo 676De Taroli 116Delle Telline 545Delia Torre 1032Delia Yaccarella 820Del Vantaggio 482De' Veseellari 1115De' Vecchiarelli 537De' Yenti 711Del Yillano 1317Delia Yolpe 601De' Zucchelli 371 THE AUTHOR'S NOTIFICATION. THE modern buildings are indicated by lighter and finer lines.The deeper and darker outlines indicate the ancient buildings which arestill standing.The dotted lines show those parts of the ancient buildings which havebeen pulled down, but which had already been delineated by others whilethey were still in existence.The dotted lines which pass across the streets denote the confines ofthe Rioni (or Quarters).The names of the Rioni which are written and the lines which aremarked in the margins of the sheets serve solely to facilitate the fitting togetherof the same. EXPLANATION OF SOME LETTERSOF THE INDEXES AND SIGNS SEEN IN THE PLAN. T. C. Titolo Cardinalizio.D. C. Diaconia Cardinalizia. AN APPRECIATION OF NOLL'IS PLAN. We have pleasure in printing belowthe translation of a letter re- ceived from the Superintendent of iheState Archives of Roma, written uponreceiving a copy oj ihe January number of " The Mask containing thereproduction of Nolli Plan. Ed." T thank you heartily for the veryA welcome arrival of Nolli's beautiful plan, which, in the eighteenth century,so worthily opens the series of plani- metric plans of Roma.The cartography of the city alreadypossesses here in Roma various illustra- tive works of worth, such as those of DeRossi, Rocchi and Cardinal Ehrle:but none, save for the example given,exquisitely as always, by Di Gnoli,reaches beyond the first half of theseventeenth century, nor gives the pictureof that Papal Roma which is morefamiliar to us, and which was the oneknown by a Stendhal, a Chateaubriand,a Goethe.Nolli's Plan, at once so precise andso picturesque, gives us the image ofthat Roma, the Roma of Benedetto XIV;and hearty thanks are therefore due toyou for having provided for the fillingof so deplorable a vacuum, and forhaving furnished so secure a guide inthe world of the past for retrospectivepilgrims of Yaurea Roma.With renewed thanks,Eugenio Casanova.Other appreciative letters have reachedus, such as that from the from otherscholars, such as Superintendents of theRegia Biblioteca of Torino and Modena,and the Superintendent of the RoyalArchives of Bologna, who adds theinformation that this reproduced planis of especial value and interest in thatcity since it was dedicated by itsauthor to the Bolognese Pope, Bene- detto XIV. ARTISTS AND INTERPRETERS X. Y. Z. AN interesting note upon the lateLeon Bakst in the 44 Observer "Jan. 4, / 925 caught my eye the otherday and I give it here because it raisesa rather curious question.44 A small point, that is nevertheless44 an important point with the designer44 of costumes, seems to have been44 overlooked in many of the obituaries4i of the Russian Artist, Leon Bakst*44 Bakst was not only an artist but also- -44 a workman. In scenic and costume44 designs he knew both the general" effect he wanted and the exact means44 of obtaining it, A drawing for a44 dress by Bakst —sumptuous and beau- -44 tiful picture as it often made—ai- -44 ways remained a working drawing:44 of the precise dress that Bakst in- -44 tended, something that a workman44 could understand and cut from. In44 the day of amateurs, when a cos- -44 tume design is often a pretty picture44 first of all—a sketch for an idea o£4 * a dress, leaving all the real problems44 to be solved by the cutter out 44 this thoroughness and workmanlike- -44 ness was remarkable.... A glimpse a£44 the colour-notes that Derain made for44 the charming 44 Boutique 44 dresses, shows how much Derain owed.44 to the cleverness (even the inventive- -44 ness) of the workmen who trans~44 lated them into material. 44 too good a workman to leave any mar-*44 gin for the 44 inventiveness " of other44 people carrying out his designs ".This is all quite sound and* I amamong those who do not want too manyn pretty picture" artists in a theatre..For these pretty nobodies are somewhatof a nuisance. Already too many of them have stowed themselves away inthe new movement.The International Exhibition of NewTheatre Technique held in Vienna in1924 offered us only too many suchvanities. Anything less technical couldnot possibly be produced* Anyonewho possesses a copy of the illustratedcatalogue of that exhibition,, can turnfor himself to page 7, where he willfind two Figurinen by F. Leger whichwould cause quite enough trouble allround. On page 42 is another suchFigurine, this one is by GeorgeGrosz: and another by the same de- signer on page 43. Awfully clever,they may be : but far too troublesome.On page 55 we come to a couple oftrifles by Oskar Schlemmer which,might give a first-class cutter and hi&amp;assistants five days unnecessary labourand cause some pain to the spectators- afterwards. Then Herr Exter's little:notion on page 68 is not exactly en- couraging..*. and four affairs on page 73-would, I fear, depress the staff, thoughit would not convulse it as would the- terror on page 80. Takuloff did that.But these things would not only bettroublesome to the technical men be- cause all the difficulties had been shir- ked by the disdainful designer, but be- cause they are worthless things*Now suppose we take a design fora costume of great worth by a veryfamous designer,,... one by Inigo Jones(1573-1652); and suppose that thistoo is drawn without any indication- the cutter needs ; are we to throw thataway too as useless. And are we todamn the whole system ?Let us first look a little more care- fully into the methods of those olderdays. Doing so we find that as soonas Inigo has drawn a brilliant sketchof a costume he passes it on to the firstinterpreter. And this is not, as mightbe supposed, the cutter or the tailor.It is another designer.What does this man do? Doeshe interpret freely, changing here and*tjhere as he goes along as a protest-agaijist Inigo's genius ? Not a bit of it.He positively makes an effort.Now this is almost unbelievable. Yetthat is precisely what he does.He makes an effort to redraw itline for line, ,cuff, buttons, doublet,laces, knots, skirt linings, all as Inigohas done ; only he makes each itemclearer as a fact and divests it of allits fancy, its charm, as a drawing. Hepositively interprets faithfully and well.I am by no means opposed to theopinion expressed by the writer in the*4 Observer " paragraph; but we mustlay down no hard and fasj law aboutanything of this kind.While 1 think it might be good forteyery costume designer to learn to cut#sfitch, pin, chalk, and generally act theyou've lost your Inigo Jones atonce, M you make it anything like a law.A far wiser thing to do is to trainAnd I know no betterexamples,to guiifo such interpreters thanffe copies which exist in the superbvokme of the works of Inigo JonesJately issued by the Clarendon Press.Wku but half an eye you cansee ?there the whole process, and it isa process which could easily be learnt.All ihat is required is very long prac- tice, continued exercise as copyist, andno fights of fancy ; absolutely no 44 in- ventiveness \. Therefore a superb trai- ning for beginners who have some talent.Some of you may perhaps agree withime that the beginners start exhibitingin galleries and showing off in journals aTittle too soon. What would you have ?■Put them to work as interpreters, —ascopyists —as the go-between twixt tailorand artist, and perhaps a big and trou- blesome problem has been solved.This is perhaps what is being donemo wad ays in several theatres but ft isrmst done well enough. Their copyists■fihwve not clever enough eyes. Theyeight or ten out of twenty points.fTo sum up : while the Bakst me- thod is first class, the Inigo Jones me- thod is probably more valuable to thetheatre, for it provides a training schooliin the wardrobe for the student, ithelps the tailor and cutter immediately,cand rids us of those silly exhibitions of(sawkish calf-work which are beginning 4o grow into a nuisance. FOREIGN NOTES. ONCE ST. PETERSBERG. COME delightful pictures of Isadora Duncan's immenseschool of the Dance, at last permanently founded (atleast so we pray) in the city which we always rememberas St Petersberg, recently appeared in 44 CommoediaParis. As head instructress of these pupils, some thousandto guess from the crowd of Jeunes filles on the banks ofthe stream in picture b, stands Irma Duncan."What, a daughter ? Bless your heart no and yes.She was once upon a time a little German girl in themost middle-class surroundings in the town of Hamburg( I think) ; worked as she works now, faithfully and well,only perhaps without ever having seen a theatre or thebig world or heard music. Now she has seen all; and,remaining faithful and working well, is not altered, ....only happier. Was it not worth it all ?And there are some odd folk battling all their lives toprevent the spread of the dance, the theatre, and allwhich is happy, believing that all which is grey and pinchedis better for their souls.A hundred times better if they have no fidelity andare merely farthing egoists.But even if this great dancer only found one beingworth its freedom it was well done to have let loose ahundred to their destruction. That is what still has tobe learnt by some people. So, brava Irma.As a matter of fact, out of a hundred pupils 1 believeJsaaora Duncan can count as many as five successes,,, anaI think that is a triumph. PARIS AT the Vaudeville Madame Ida Rubinstein was recently** again playing 44 La Dame aux Camillas " in her ori- ginal way. She advertised the scenes, costumes and furnitureas : 44 Decors and costumes of tne period from the designs ofM. Alexandre Benois. Furniture and accessories are realworks of art loaned by private New stagesetting by M. Armand Bour. nWhich rec&amp;lls to me a passage fr&lt;om that little knownbook by Mr Gordon Craig, i 4 The Theatre Advancingin which tie contrasts a permanent antd a temporary theatre,and speaks of the sham properties of the ordinary play- house as being excellent for a theatne which has no ambi- tion to endure,Madame Rubenstein possibly feels that real works ofart (even though but loaned for the occasion) render herVaudeville one of the first permanent Theatres, But alas,this is not all we look for in the way? of permanence.The Vaudeville Theatre itself i&amp; i a temporary play- house judged by the standards of 4 4 The Theatre Advan- cing and the play, 41 La Dame aux Camelias " a playfor a few days.Notions of permanence are curiously ephemeral nowa- days ; still, a pose of permanence should deceive for amoment. What could be more charming, and who couldconvince us better than Madame Rubenstein. MONZA - THE PALAZZO RE ALE.o BIRDS AND ANIMALS. o VISITING this old house of the Kings, recently givenby the reigning King of Italy to the Nation, I was alittle surprised to find it swarming with artists and craftsmen.I have heard here and there (in Paris and London1 for instance) quite a few people who speak ill of Italywhen its modern arts are under discussion. " The Italiansdo nothing for their artists" is the cry, taken up by" i here are no Italian artists to do anything forAnd then back comes the group to their dear littleselves. France is this and that, America the other, andEngland—a hush falls, a voice speaks coldly, firmly, " England devotes considerable time and thought to theconsideration, the encouragement and the support of its artand its artists ".... And the stance breaks up.As a matter of fact on getting to Monza and seeingthe activities in the Villa Reale—an immense palace atthe service of the artists—another palace (one near London)popped up before my mind's eye and refused to quit. Thisvision was Hampton Court Palace. And a tiny voice amy mind's ear kept crying out, " There's Hampton Court.—The very place for English artists.—Is it theirs, my boy,is it theirs ? *\ I was quite annoyed at my own mindbehaving in this way. " Will you keep quiet and allowme to forget a few things ", I urged : but instead of thatmy eye and my ear were annoying me for the whole ofthat day, during all of this delightful visit to theMonza Palace, by a whispering and a string of Cinemato- graphic dissolving views of the great empty Palaces ofEngland, and " There's a place ....this Vanburgh palace ",or " look here, what about this one ? ".It was annoying because it was unreasonable. Theowners of the Vanburgh buildings need a little room rorthemselves, dash it all: and if not for themselves, an occa- sional ruin looks so picturesque even in Northumberland.Warwick Castle without its Americans, what would it belike, I ask ? Anyhow Monza is for the artists. I wastaken to see it by the delightful Signor Fracchia and hisfriends Signor Caisini and Signor Valentini. Fracchia asyou know is the able editor of " Comoedia " ; but morethan this, he is a charming fellow.Before visiting the Palace Signor Caisini said wemust all go to see the divine fresco in the cathedral.It wasn't merely a fresco, it was all that is perfect.There around us was a music, not heard on sea or land,running up and down the walls: ....do not please ima- gine I exaggerate. All desire to see the Palace walkedquietly away (what seemly behaviour) as my eyes ran upand down the walls of the Cathedral.My friends were here more charming than ever before,and I shall always remember them in that chapel.This is possibly sentimentality. It may be : how can.one explain it ? But Hampton Court THE AVERAGE FEE FOR A THREE ACTPLAY IS FIVE POUNDS PER PERFORMANCE.Monica Ewer in. *' Play Production for Everyone BOOK REVIEWS AN INTRODUCTION TO DRA- MATIC THEORY hy AllardyceNicoll M. A. Harrap &amp; Co. 5/-.A particularly well printed book of218 pages, the paper of whichis good instead of cheap and nasty.Why I speak of this first is that it istime some other celebrated firms stop- ped using paper horrible both to lookat and to touch. A book reviewed re- cent iy in these pages has but 181 pages,costs 7/6, and a badly made paperhas been used.That is what we would call 44 disho- nest " if living under a Fascist go- vernment ; but which here we willmerely call ungenerous of the publishers,who might take a lesson from GeorgeHarrap &amp; Co.Dr Nicoll's essay is, it goes with- out saying, a serious good piece ofwork; but I wonder if the author in- terprets aright the reasons why we laughat comedy and why our pity is arou- sed by tragedy. We laugh, he says,because we are liberated by comedyfrom the ties and conventions of so- ciety. If so, then everyone sees everycomic thing alike, and laughs the samelaugh at each, whereas this cannotsurely be the case.When speaking of Tragedy he takesOthello as an example of a figure we donot sympathise with " to the extent offeeling pity " for him. Well, I mustsay that I do. And I fail to see whatShakespeare was about, that he failedto touch the sense of pity in Mr Ni- coll. But that he and the other dra- matists have tempted Mr Nicoll towrite a book of Theory on this so dif- ficult subject, is not at all a triumpheither for Tragedy or Comedy. Wecan neither laugh at nor pity our au- thor : rather do we (without askingleave of delightful Miss Ashwell) pityourselves and others like ourselves, whoare placed in the comic position ofhaving to review so learned a bookwithout a very long time to digest it pro- perly. Thus wre see that the comic some- times can call forth pity and not alone self-phy, though to pity anythingwe must, alas, first have recognizedourselves in that which we pity.Yes, to write a book about Co- medy and Tragedy is to write the hi- story of the world ; can it be dene in218 pages ? would not 28 pages beenough ?... and is it not in 28 pagesthat the fine poet does write his hi- story of the world, and is not that thefull sum of all that can be said uponTragedy and Comedy?But Mr Nicoll means Tragedy andComedy, as set forth in Tragedies andComedies for a stage. 7 hen 4 tis animpossible subject. A book on oneplay, one Tragedy or one Comedy,would suffice to tax anyone but Aris- totle, and Aristotle was, as A. B. W.one day pointed out to G. B. S. atthe Garrick Club, only intended tobe read in manuscript by a few. SONS OF JACOB, a Play by J.Rainis. Translated by Grace Rhys.Dent &amp; Sons Ltd. 10/ 6 net.J Rainis is a Latvian poet and play- • wright. Latvia is that part of Nor- thern Europe which lies betweenPrussia and Russia, Finland and Swe- den. It is washed by the Baltic Sea.This play has been performed withsuccess in Riga, the Latvian capital,has been translated into many Euro- pean tongues, and now into English.It is a powerful thing, and, wellacted, could not fail to do good, whichfrom our English point of view mayseem to be its most useful purpose.It is not a pleasant play ; the specta- cle of Levi and his brothers gashingyoung Joseph with thorns to relievesome thirsty Hebraic feelings, is not atragic spectacle; it is not comic either ; Ido not think I particularly like it. Ifwe must be lurid I prefer, for this ourEnglish climate, the more ordinary stagespectacle of a young gentleman apolo- gizing to our east-end loafer for ha- ving inadvertently made use of theword damn.The play has something grand inits last two acts, but they seem to betoo long. An unfortunate thing aboutthe principal role is that it needs twoactors ; one for the first act, anotherfor the last. Joseph, and whoever actshim, in Act I is to be 44 seventeenyears old " ; in Acts 3, 4, and 5 he,and whoever acts him, is 44 about thirtyyears old ". For two different mento have to perform the part wouldbe fatal. Yet suppose we ask ayoung actor of fifty-six to play thepart, (no one younger than fifty-sixt orfifty-five, would be trusted with it on the English stage), he will beable to get through the last threeactst but he will not look the firsttwo. If we are rash, and give the partto a younger man he will look thefirst two acts and do nothing more.Yet an author, if he deal with thisold tale, must show us Joseph youngand Joseph old. I conclude that it is,for this reason, one of those tales whichdo not stand stage treatment.The translator seems to have doneher work amazingly well: for to tran- slate even a text book from Latvianinto English must be very difficult, andto translate a play must be almostimpossible.Personally I have no taste in playswhich have the slightest touch of pro- paganda in them ; and, while I may begreatly mistaken, I take this to be apropaganda play.It is a well-printed book, well bound,and a cheap five shillings' worth;and it will give pleasure to those whocannot comprehend the Bible. I am areader of the Old Testament because1 find it thrilling, pictorial, musical, pro- found and gay ; and above all REAL.So real that, when any modern writerattempts to re-do a bit of it here, abit there, he transforms it into somethingquite false.That being what many people like,...for the modern world loves flirtingwith a masterpiece... I think they willenjoy this pla). A PRIMER OF MODERN ARThy Sheldon Cheney. Boni &amp; Liverighi,New York.WILL anyone burn a book or acity because 298 of the virtuesare not to be found therein? So longas two or even one of the best arethere, what matter the rest.In Cheney's book are plenty offaults, but he has given me one hun- dred and seventy five illustrations, mostlyby the best of the best artists of theday or yesterday.I was reading Meier-Grafe's bookon Van Gogh, a book from which I'dhave cut away a hundred pages at thebeginning, reducing them to a few plainfacts readable in twenty pages so as tomake it one of the great 44 Lives "of the age: and in the book I cameacross Seurat's name, and, not knowingwhat Seurat's work was at all like, Ifound an example in this Cheney book.And there are one hundred and se- venty four other designs for those whoare not experts and who want to seewhat the names Gauguin, Matisse,Cezanne, Brancusi or Picasso signify. I ought to know what these namesmean, but I don't: and one ought toknow how to spell these names, but onedoesn't always know how even to spellsimple words like Xylograph and Man- dolin.So then surely nothing can ever bevery wrong with such a book if in itwe can find a true if a primaryvalue, ie, a use for it. And Cheney'sbook has a use, for me, and I do notdoubt that it has several uses for others.Besides this the author has includedthe theatre in this book on 44 the re- newed life in painting, sculpture andarchitecture " ; and while some of usstill think it too early for any suchhonour of that kind, it is not possiblefor us to be blind to the compliment.In his Preface he disavows the inten- tion of posing as a big Idol of a critic,and suggests that his book is a littlePrimer. I have enjoyed the primer,and I know I shall often refer to itwhen ever in doubt about a fact. A HISTORY OF THE THEATREIN AMERICA, hy Arthur Hornbldw.2 Vols. Lippincott &amp; Co. $ /0.00THE copy I have was not sent forreview, but I wish to make abrief mention of the work because itis full of interest to the student ofTheatrical History, and valuable. Manyan excellent print or drawing is repro- duced of theatres, actors, managers,dancers.There are omissions : — the va- luable testimony to the worth of theNew York Theatres in 1850-60 orthereabouts ; the author's note on Ir- ving's visit; his experience of theTheatres of the Southern States,...these things ought not to have beenleft out. The view of so celebrateda Theatre as the Old Bowery deserveda full page plate, if not two, and aview of the interior surely exists.But the book is just what is wanted,and it will be of assistence to anyonewho wishes later on to make a largerbook on this interesting subject. ELEONORA DUSE: The Storyof her Life, by Jeanne Bordeux.Hutchinson &amp; Co. 2 //- net.IN her Preface the writer tells us thatshe took three months 44 compilingand writing " this story of the life ofEleonora Duse; and considering howfew days can be squeezed into threemonths it will be admitted by everyserious writer; that, to do anything atall in so short a time, is little short ofmarvellous. The other kind of writer ....the su- perficial thinker and the slipshod re- corder.... will not agree with us. Hewill say that he considers ninety dayslong enough time to concoct any reallychatty 44 Life ". And one had forgot- ten, for the moment, that it is a reallychatty book that is wanted today.Miss Bordeux, (who is neither Ita- lian nor French), evidently doesn't forgetthis, yet goes bravely on; with theresult that, if she is not almost a failurehere and there, she does succeed ingetting it all done in time.While she wrote the book on Duse,she says, she 44 absolutely lived andsuffered with her " and her 44 vastadmiration " became 44 a reverent loveand she adds that 44 no one in theworld ever succeeded in knowing heras I did ". (She met her for the firsttime in October 1922. Duse diedApril 1924). Whilst Madame Duse'sfriends all seem to have seen thegreat actress in different lights shealone appears to have seen her 44 in allthose lights merged into one ". Un- fortunately the light was low now andagain when she was reading up thefacts and so she reports too many ofthem incorrectly. But what can youin three months.And some of the names are sooddly spelt. Instead of the celebratedMenzel we have the unknown 44 Mer- zel " twice on one page : famous Be- no zzo Gozzoli becomes ignoto 44 Be- nazzo Gozzolin " ; Matilda Serao be- comes 44 Matilde Sarao " : Giulio be- comes 44 Guilio " and Tommaso Sal- vini becomes 44 Tomasso Salvini ".Luigi Rasi is 44 the greatest youngactor in Italy " in 1899. Well. Dusein 1906 44 gave a performance atDrury Lane for the celebration of El- len Terry's Jubilee". But did she?See Ellen Terry's 4' Memoirs". Anincident about a 4 4 broken bridge " onpage 211 is an invention.On the other hand the writer cor- rects a few serious errors of the uni- nitiated.To the report being 44 repeated onall sides " that 44 D'Annunzio hasabandoned her '* she says that 44 only aperson who had not known EleonoraDuse could believe that that was true"....44 Eleonora Duse's love for D'Annunziowas a consuming passion; she was jealousto the point of depravity—making hislife insupportable ".... 44 No, EleonoraDuse was not a victim : if there wasa victim in the case it was GabrieleD'Annunzio, and she .... for yearsmade his life insupportable by her con- tinual unreasonable jealousy ".44 My vast admiration for Duse has become a reverent love " she has saidin her preface.44 II Fuoco the book in whichthe poet has made Eleonora Dusecome to life (and to a most noblelife) she says was published againstthe wish of Eleonora Duse, and addsthat the story was 44 too evident, tooblatant, too unmanly ".She does not feel that D'Annunziofound the right words to express theactress when at their first meeting hecalled her 44 Grande Amatrice " (writ- ten 44 Grand Amatrice" on anotherpage) ; 44 how much more worthy ofher it would have been to have said44 fervid animator ". I don't knowwhat you feel about this, but is it per- missible to improve on the great, even,if in doing so, one misses a point ?The passage I like best in the bookis that which refers to a Roman gent- leman, Conte Giuseppe Primoli. Askedto supply 44 information " for this workhe replied, 44 Much as 1 should liketo help you, of the intimate life ofEleonora Duse I can tell you nothingas it was her great wish that what wasprivate remain private ".I am a hardened journalist who hasserved his ten years in Fleet Streetand been around the world for ano- ther twelve, but must confess that hadI been employed to write this book onthe lady we all so well remember, andhad I received this reply from ContePrimoli, I think I would have putdown my pen, stopped the work, andout of admiration for her, let alone44 reverent love ", I would have satis- fied her 64 greatest wish " by not pub- lishing "this chatty book.But the argument of gold is power- ful, and as paltry as it is powerful. SHAKESPEARE'S HAND INTHE PLAY OF SIR THOMASMORE.Papers by Alfred W. Pollard, W.W. Greg, E. Maunde Thompson,/. Dover Wilson and R. W. Cham- bers. With the text of the III MayDay scenes Edited by W. W. Greg.Cambridge University Press. 10/- net.THIS book is the second of a se- ries entitled Shafcespeares Pro- blems which Professor A. W. Pollardand Mr J Dover Wilson are editing,and its object is to strengthen the evi- dence that Shakespeare wrote threepages which form part of the play ofSir Thomas More. Papers have beencontributed by Dr W. W. Greg, SirE. Maunde Thompson aud Dr R. W.Chambers, as well as by the editors.It is absorbingly interesting, but I do not find that the three Shakespea- rean pages are particularly brilliant,1 find nothing in them which convin- ces me unmistakably of the presenceof that spirit we call Shakespeare.I am not moved.This test is of course no test, sowhat other test is wo th a tinker's tin.But no Shakespearean Library can becomplete without this volume; and,since it is a volume charmingly prin- ted and excellently bound in fine redcloth, its back will lighten up the bookshelf and the contents a careful rea- der's mind. THE CONTEMPORARY DRA- MA OF RUSSIA by Prof\ Leo Wie- ner. Little Brown &amp; Co. Boston.U. S. A $2.50.THERE is no history of the con- temporary Russian Drama in exi- stence, either in Russia or abroad".With these two lines the book begins.And it is a book which I have readwith much pleasure, and a good dealof instruction.Harvard University is to be congra- tulated on having a scholar like Prof.Wiener who troubles about the Dramaand the Theatre ; ....for, when all hasbeen said against Dramatics and Thea- tricals, they do help to make life alittle happier for as many of us ascare to read, or visit a playhouseThe one obvious fault of the bookI would skip over as quicky as pos- sible, for it is a very human fault.Its author exaggerates in attributingtoo much to German influence. Thedevelopments of the Russian stage onsuper-realistic and symbolical principleshave, he says, turned out to be 44 palethough bold imitations of ill-understoodGerman fads; and the Moscow ArtTheatre, the Kamerny, Evr&amp;nov's Mo- nodrama, stripped of the claptrap ofnovelty, are thus reduced to very mo- dest proportions n. This passage makesme wonder whether Dr Wiener hasever been to Russia and ever seenthese Theatres at work. As I readon I greatly doubt it.He admits having found 44 the Wi- dener Library at Harvard Universityand the Congressional Library at Wa- shington so useful that 44 it was pos- sible to reconstruct the chronologicalsequence of dramatic events Thiswould inspire confidence in every stu- dent were the book free of all opi- nions, were it a purely historicalworkBut when he hazards everything ina quite unnecessary attempt to belittlemany of the best theatre men so as to prove that it was the Germans whohad a receipt straight from a slot-ma- chine HOW to inspire Europe inTheatrical things, then I am obligedto withdraw all trust in that side ofthe book.Which leaves me all the happier toenjoy to the full the first class accountof how the Russian Drama was born,developed, and all about Gogol andPoushkin, Griboyedov, Oslrovski andthe other brilliant dramatists of thatplace in the north, which can boast asmany stupid men as we in the southcan, and can boast of more who worrya hundred times as much as the restof us doWorry seems to be a great inspira- tion in Russia. A little problem whichthe South settled some centuries agowill travel up to Russia somehow insome obstinate thick head, and therefreeze into an eternal existence which,after all, is a bit of a bore. And inthis book we see all the old problemsworrying these able men and freezingas they teaze.There they remain like monumentsin ice, happy in being an eternal per- plexity.Now and again the ice cracks, athaw sets in; but all is well beforelong; another writer comes and the vexa- tion triumphs anew; 44it shall triumph ..we will never admit defeat ; no oneshall surpass us in the art of being di- sturbed by nothing ". So they seem tosay.But it was to do no more than sayhow admirable this book is in partsthat I decided to touch upon itnow.Later I hope to be able to return toit, to enquire into a few puzzling pas- sages and some omissions ; to ask howit is possible for the good Professor tostate that Stanislawski nearly wreckedthe Moscow Theatre;—to state thatsome of the best actors 44 could notbrook " Stanislawski whose 44 autocraticpower " offended them. I do not liketo believe that those good Russianactors were cry-babies, dissatisfied with41 the narrowness and onesidedness ofthe repertory and the humiliation andpressure exerted upon the freedom ofthe development of the artistic perso- nality of the actors of the company' .This quotation comes from the protestsent in by Meyerhold, ....Meyerholdwho today seems to be enjoying alittle spell of autocratic power and wor- rying on and on and on.And I wonder why Professor Wienermakes no mention of Reinhardt ? ...andsays not a word of Wyspiansky, andwhy he omits all mention of the Ita- lians who went north and taught somuch there.Anyhow, it is a bright book, andif Wiener must have his way aboutthe Germans, then let him ; ... but theymust then accept responsability for thecatastrophe of the Russian theatre oftoday which Dr Wiener has outlinedso cleverly in the final chapter.There we see the net result of try- ing to influence according to clock- work. The Soviet, he tells us, admitsthat its Theatre has failed. The oldItalian influence—that so natural one,had it been properly absorbed, wouldnever have had such a wretchedresult. A MIDSUMMER-NIGHT'SDREAM by William Shakespeare.Cambridge University Press. 6/- net.WITH its one beautiful reproduc- tion by Mr Walker of the por- trait of Elizabeth Vernon Countess ofSouthhampton by goodness knows who,in quite the prettiest piece of seriousbinding I have seen for some years,this sample of the new Cambridge Edi- tion of the Works of Shakespearecomes to us to prove what excellentwork can be done in England by prin- ters, paper-makers, binders, editors andpublishers, although the times are notall t at could be wishedThe author of this play, recentlyaccepted for production by the Ma- nagement of Drury Lane theatre, andput on there by the best "producer"London can afford, is a man of un- doubted dramatic and poetic poten- tialities.Unfortunately his poetic muse is attimes too powerful, or shall I say, toopersuasive, and beguiles our author intorather too many vagaries : he wiil oftenleave the dramatic muse standing toolong while he forces us to listen topassages of uncalled-for poetry, uncalledfor by the situation.He describes places too .minutely'inthe text. We really do not want tohear so much about 14 the bank wherethe wild thyme blows " ; .... In fact Iregret to find so many long and talka- tive, if poetical, speeches which arenot needed by the Drama.The young dramatist is anyhow aman of talent, and in spite of the re- ception given to his Drury Lane li- bretto by the London critics, I dosincerely believe that when he has ridhimself of the fault just mentioned hewill, in time, come to take his placewith the dramatic writers of the pe- riod, with Barrie, Pinero, Sutro andA. G. Haffer. THE ART Of THE THEATREby Sarah Bernhardt. Geoffrey Bles.London. 7j 6.MR Agate has written a sympathe- tic preface to this volume of rub- bish, to quote Madame Bernhardt'sown word for the book, ...,441e fatras"she called it: and M. Marcel Berger,who, aided by M. Georges Ribemont-Dessaignes had the difficult task of put- ting the manuscript in shape for thegreat actress, has written a charmingintroduction.Both M. Berger and Mr Agate al- lude to Madame Bernhardt as Sarah.And I wonder why ? I ask myselfwhether they called her Sarah to herface,... or perhaps it was Madame Sa- rah. I do not find Sarah is a parti- cularly happy name.... it reminds oneforcibly of the jolly old charwomen.Perhaps this accounts for Mrs SarahSiddons being known to all of us asMrs. Siddons, though doubtless theKemble family, and perhaps three orfour dearest friends, were' v/ont to callher Sarah in private. But in public,in journals, in books, we call her Mrs.Siddons and shall, I think, always do so.It has been the misfortune of num- bers of us of the 19th and 20th cen- turies to hear people in and otherpublic places spreading out their voiceswith this name Sarah (meaning Ma- dame Bernhardt) and pronouncing itit with a long throaty a as in Saharra.But did you ever like it ? I must con- fess I loathed it. Still, it became thefashion, and even well educated peoplelike Sir George Arthur, whose littlevolume I have already praised in thesecolumns, even he is for ever using thename Sarah—but I admit he utters itlightly, crisply.Glancing over his pages again todayI was rather struck by a passage onthe last page. It speaks of her burialand 4S the tomb on which had beencarved the all-sufficing word Bern- hardt Well, it does not suffice MrAgate who, in the course of five anda quarter pages utters the name Sarahnine times. M. Berget voices it but once.As is well known, actors and actressesoften call one another by their Chris- tian names ; there is a reason for it:they are always seeing each other,always at work together ....and theTheatrical family is anyhow a family.But for anyone outside to assume theprivilege is in rather bad taste.1 am a writer, but when 1 was pri- vileged to meet Mrs Humphrey Wardand John Oliver Hobbes I did no;call them Humphrey or Johnnie. I think1 would quite as soon have attempted to call the author of 44 The Bondman"44 Hall old boy". And in private Ispoke of them as 1 did to them. AgainI recall seeing that good publisher MrHeinemann day after day for eight orten months, but never once did I callout, 441 say, Willie ". I kept that forMr Clarkson, He alone may be, mustbe, Willie.And so if her fellow actors Sarah-edthe divine Bernhardt, and if her lovers,Clairin, Sarcey, Berton, Rochfort anda dozen or two more, were so privi- leged, being her professed and acceptedlovers, to call her what they liked, surelythe case is quite another one with thelittle pages who carried her train—andthe ghost of the fringe of that train.1 had not even that honour, so Ma- dame Bernhardt she remains for me.An actress who seems very oftento have been called by her first namewas Sophie Arnould ; but then she wasno tigress, nothing but the amiable wasshe .... and 44 your Sophie will comeand see you" or 44 your Sophie isvery cross" is what she was alwayswriting to everyone. It was always44 your Sophie Not so Rachel. Con- ceive a letter from her beginning 44 YourRachel is in a fit of the blues todaysomehow this tragic being had the powerto make the name Rachel sound likea monument every time it was uttered.There was Clairon too ....who evercalled her Hyppolite I'd like to know ;yet that was her first name. And thegreat Raucourt.... even Mr Agate wouldhardly be heard swinging her namearound. Conceive him trying to showhow well he knew her and saying,44 Yes,- Marie - Antoinette - Josephetook luncheon with me on the outskirtsof Manchester in 1787. .. ah poor dearFransoi?e - Marie - Antoinette - Josephe,what an artist and oh oh oh !!! what aman she was But then Mr Agatewould assuredly have called her Joey.La Guimard was, 1 believe, always LaGuimard, never Marie or Madeleine byany one who well-met and hailed her.No, it really seems to have beenthe fate of Bernhardt to set the vulgarfashion in a vulgar epoch. Think ofit: ....hundreds of hungry souls arewaiting to say 44— was divine tonight "provided they could call that someoneby her Christian or Hebraic name.And so the name Sarah became a nutfor every monkey's mouth.And now the great performer haswritten a hit of a book which begins44 The Art of the Theatre is the mostdifficult of all the arts, as I will show".Full stop.She then repeats what that char- ming Signor Pelzet and a hundred others have said. The whole thing isa confusion and too often a little far- cical. She does not stop to think,and she hurries on without even ma- king a dash for a new notion or two.To haye tried for a new idea or sowould have been something. Yet onceshe has a new word ; she (or one ofher editors) talks of a certain AnnieDesclee who created 4' Frou-Frou '9;.... would this be the sister of AimeeDesclee ? .... if so this certainly is a bitof news and useful to the historian.But all this will not prevent us fromremembering that she was one of thefirst performers of her time, with giftswhich she exercised as much, and quiteas well, off the stage as on it, ....she wasfor ever playing tragedy or comedy,and sometimes even her entourage wasnot quite sure which was which. Butof course Mr Agate was never deceived. MAGAZINE REVIEW. 44 Theatre Arts Monthly" keeps1 up to its excellent standard andis quite the best American Theatre Ma- gazine we know of. We go to it tofind all about the Plays of Mr O' Neilland other American dramatists; thestage-management of a dozen goodAmerican men ; the scenes and costumedesigns of Mr Geddes, Mr Jones andMr Herman Rosse and the rest; thedancing off Miss St Denis and her hus- band Mr Shawn; the acting of MrArliss, of Miss Crews and others, and a.hundred other American people's doingson their go-ahead American stages. Re- cently too there have been some histo- rical items, 17th, 18th and 19th cen- tury items: these are not quite so goodand somehow do not seem to lookright coming back to us from America.One sees reason for any Europeanjournal informing us and America ofan old French Theatre and showingus some of its rare designs, whereasone would see no reason for a Euro- pean journal which attempted to tellus about the building of the old Bo- wery or other American doings.These historical things have to bedone on the spot and take a long time.So when on page 164 of the Marchnumber we see a modern drawinglabelled "Ferdinando Bibiena's Theatrein Torino " we rub our eyes and thenwe look it up over here. We findthat the drawing does not representany Theatre hy Ferdinando Bibiena inTorino, and we find that this moderndrawing is derived, almost copied, froman 18th century engraving by C. An- tonio Buffagnotti of Bologna. Well, atany rate his name might have been given. EDITORIAL NOTES. ABOUT CONRAD AND HISPAINSTAKING METHOD. IN November of last year we cameacross this wretched nonsense in aserious London journal: The waiter, after referring to the44 cult of collecting Conrad early edi- tions ** and to some 44 first annotatedand revised editions" at that time aboutto be offered for sale by Mr J. B. Pinker,for twenty years Conrad's literary agent,goes on : 44 There is a copy of 44 4AI- -44 mayer's Folly*, the story of an eastern44 river, which shows the critical spirit44 in which Conrad reviewed his work.44 Adjectives, redundant phrases, and44 whole passages were deleted, and here44 and there expressions changed in an44 attempt to achieve perfection.44 The corrected proofs of 4Nostromo\44 another of the lots, similarly illustrate44 the pains he took with his work ".Do not our great newspapers alsotake pains? does not the most ordi- nary journalist review his own Workand in a critical spirit does he notdelete whole passages, redundant phra- ses, adjectives, and attempt to achieveperfection ? Of course he does.A journalist is as able a man andas much of an artist and as painsta- king as any great author.... often enoughhe proves to be a great writer Whatobject then is served by this LondonJournal making so much of such anordinary every day affair? Why openthe eyes and gasp out that even thegreat Conrad took pains; for it makessensible folk who read that LondonDaily ask themselves what the deuceit's all about; and it makes a halfmillion fools fanep that writers as arule take no pains, never correct, showno critical spirit, and never attemptto achieve perfection.The writer of the paragraph madenothing interesting out of a very inte- resting theme : A sale at Sotheby's. Allhe could do was to pretend to be stag- gered that an author should take pains.44 The Mask" is not published forany reason but to support Theatrethings; but for all that it may nowand again be excused for putting in aword for writers, painters, architects and other workers in the arts. Some- times neighbour can make it easier forneighbour than he can for himself.Unfortunately this is not always trou- bled about; the tendency being foractors to disregard writers, writers tobe indifferent to Theatre, painters toavoid sculptors, and architects to beunaware that music does truly exist.Something near the truth of it all isthat the art of being able to forgetoneself, to look out at things, is get- ting rather more rare to us egoists thanit always was. PASSING FIGURES, AS the year 1924 came to a closefive prominent figures in the worldof the Theatre passed away. Puccini,Faur£, Bakst, William Archer andDe Max.... Two Composers, a Rus- sian scene painter, an English critic anda Roumanian actor. All five werecelebrated enough, and we need notbe in any hurry to decide on the exactniche in the hall of Fame where chancewill place them. They now startlooking for it for themselves. Willthese two stars De Max and WilliamArcher ever come so close togetheragain in the history of the world asthey do now and here ? And Pucciniand Bakst, will these two names meetagain on the same page ? Perhaps somemay find them silly fellows one andall, when they come to think of them,even as we, when dead and gone, canbut become the fools of time. Whata trouble we put ourselves to, tocompose, act, write and paint, andhow we keep it up. What for? forour own pleasure ? we have very little.Or to make money ? and what's that ?or is it to give pleasure ? Well, we raisesome controversy and breed a little con- tention. And the very little which a goodartist makes is at most a wisp of straw.Still many there are today who willmiss these five: with whom we wouldremember two others who were friendsto our work, .... Sir Claud Phillips andC. Wilhelm : and we wish them allpeace and long repose. o ANNO DOMINI. o MR Arthur Roberts had a gloriousJubilee lately and London didhim proud.The only unkind cut he receivedwas from Mr James Agate who in the44 Sunday Times " spoke of Mr Ro- berts *s songs as those which 44 enrap- tured our fathers ", thereby sugges- ting (as Mr James Agate never failsto suggest) that he, Mr James Agate,is quite one of the young ones.Mr Agate, we learn to our astonish- ment, is nearly fifty, yet he takeshimself to be one of the latest. 44 Fromdim memories "he writes in the samenotes on Roberts, 44 and according toprecise account, those eighties andnineties were delicious days ". As MrAgate was born, according to 44 Who'sWho in Literature ", in 1877, he hasno excuse for not knowing somethingabout the nineties anyhow from some- thing more than 44 dim memory "•And to think that we have neverestimated Mr Agate as over twenty-sevenor thirty at the most. That was whyall his awkwardness seemed so entirelycharming. Now we feel a little diffe- rently about him. Still anyhow thereis room in London for twenty or thirtysuch energetic critics, and what doestheir age matter at all, until Londonshall decide in about eighty years fromnow that it really is time for its Thea- tre to wake up .. and then to get upand do something, AWAY FROM THE MACHINE. THE Guardian the London jour- nal which gives us the Chuichnews, also gives us more than rarelymuch good reading about science andart and recently had an excellent articleby Mr R. Ellis Roberts in its columnson handprinting and woodcuts fromwhich we take a small slice. Mr Ro- berts calls his article 44 Away from thePvlachine ".44 The god who came from the ma- " chine never arrived at the critical44 moment of a play on the Greek44 stage, unless the machine was care- -44 fully managed by human hands. In44 a sense which some of us are in44 danger of forgetting, all machinery44 is dependent on men. When I write44 by the light of an electrically heated44 metal I may forget the great power44 station where men look after the44 machinery which provides the light,44 but 1 can scarcely forget that I have44 to turn on the switch. In the country,44 where, if you have electric light, you44 have to make it yourself, you are44 in no risk of forgetting that the ma- -44 chine is your servant, not your master.44 How easily, however, it becomes a44 spoiled servant—-and a spoiled servant44 will in time always mean a ruined44 master, even though much wealth44 may reveal his obsequiousness. The44 great difference between our day and44 our forefathers" is that we have 44 machinery which it is so easy to44 spoil—in all senses of the word.44 After all, a plow, a cart, a wheel- -44 barrow are all machines: but they44 differ enormously from the threshing- -44 machine, the electric milker, or the44 motor-car. In the early machines44 that served mankind, you had instru- -44 ments in the use of which the effort44 of the men and the capacity of the44 machine were not too unequal. Slowly*• and gravely a man holds the plow44 down and ploughs a careful and44 laborious furrow ; he is using a ma- -44 chine, but he is working with his44 own energy. To-day a button is44 pressed, and a liner as large as a44 block of houses glides from the dock44 into the sea: or you put your foot44 on a small knob in a horseless car- -44 riage and the power of half a hundred44 horses grumbles and gathers itself to44 carry you over England. We are44 not yet, over here, the slaves of44 mechanical things; but one hears44 strange and dreary tales from Ame- -4 4 rica: how, under the pressure of44 big business and wasteful advertising,44 man spends his time in wanting to44 buy things, in order to keep other44 men working to sell things which44 neither seller nor buyer really needs ;44 and there is left time neither for44 leisure nor for life. There is room44 for 44 modern improvements " : but44 they are a danger to all who cannot44 do without them. They are the44 modern manifestations of that Mam- -44 men whose service is declared to be44 incompatible with the service of God,44 of that wealth the possession of which44 makes it almost impossible to enter44 the kingdom of heaven. An enemy44 to God, the lover of the machine is44 necessarily an enemy to beauty : for44 the most mechanical thing in our44 world is fashion, and though fashion44 may sometimes stumble into the paths44 of beauty, the lover of fashion is44 always beauty's enemy, for she (or he)44 will desert loveliness as soon as love- -44 liness is 44 not the thing 44 and will44 often fail to recognise it when it is44 found in the ranks of the poor and44 the disregarded *\ 0)After this the writer praises MrGibbings's new works but recentlyissued from the Cockrell Press, and awork by Mr James Guthrie of thePear Tree Press, and a few old friendssuch as the productions of Ricketts,Crawhall and Morris.His 44 all machinery is dependent onman " is assuredly a point—and onewe should be wise enough to remember in time if we are to get to anythingwith all these machines.In the Theatre they more than oftenget in the way of the men who wouldproduce something worth while.We would like to read another articleby Mr Ellis Roberts dealing with thedifference of the man who merely turnsa switch automatically and the otherman who turns it to some purpose.Electric light is a lovely thing,—butwhen handled on the stage by a manwho is solely of a mechanical turn ofmind,... that is where all the troublebegins. (i) The Guardian. Dec. 12. 1924. o ENGLISH o GEORGE Jean Nathan writing inan American publication aboutMr Galsworthy's 44 Old English " pro- duced recently in New York says:44 The staging of the play by E.44 Lyall Swete, imported by Winthrop44 Ames from England for the purpose,44 is thoroughly up to what appears to44 be the present London standard, which44 is to say about one-fifth as good as44 that revealed in the average American44 semi-professional little Theatre.44 Of the theatres today the En- -44 glish is farthest behind the times in44 the matter of production and sta- -44 ging. Basil Dean, Lyall Swete and44 such are entrusted with England's44 honour while England exiles its own44 greatest stage genius, Gordon Craig,44 in far-off ItalyIt is pleasant to observe that thereis at least in America an English-speak- ing critic who can speak and writeEnglish better, if only because straighter,than is customary in London.To dislike the thing that Nathandraws attention to should be the firstduty of any Dramatic Critic who is(besides calling himself) English, A DRAWING BY OUIDA. (I) Yours,Allen Carric. Dear Sir :A drawing by Ouida seems to meto be something of a sensation,though to judge from this drawing shemust have done several in her time.The date on the drawing is 1890, theplace drawn "Acciaiuoli", supposedlyan entrance to the big castle of theold Acciaiuoli owned today by SirGeorge Sitwell. It is drawn in burnt siena and black,drawn in with rough brushes, and I cameacross it in a bookseller's shop in Fi- renze. Evidently no one had seen thetiny inscription 44 Ouida " at the bottomof the big page (for it is a big drawing) ;and anyhow drawings by L'Amico diSandro are more highly prized thanthose by L'Arnica dei Cani.Anyhow it was a valuable find andI think some day it should pass intoour National collection in London;for so valuable a piece (valuable forseveral reasons) should not be eatingits head off in my collection. (1) A Note on the Frontispiece tothis number, reproduced by permission ofMr Allen Carrie. UNIVERSITY &amp; THEATRE. J. S. MR Allardyce Nicoll hopes that theUniversity and the Theatre willsome day meet and work together.We fear that Mr Nicoll and Fre- derick Nietzsche would not have quiteagreed about that.What is final is that they have longago met and been of service to oneanother; ....at least the Theatre hasbeen useful to the University.We hope to publish an article ona famous College and its theatres inthe 16th and 17th centuries. Mean- time we hear from Toronto ....fromour Canada.... that what London istalking of doing has been done there.The University of Toronto has its ownTheatre which will hold five hundredpersons. It is not a makeshift, it isthe real thing, managed by a group ofserious men with a director and a per- manent staff.Since 1921 these have been free tomanage as they wish, and are onlyresponsable to the Governors of theUniversity.The Theatre has existed since 1919.it was specially built. Modern ideasprevail. Eight to ten new plays arestaged each season.We wish the workers the best of luck,which can but follow good discipline. GIORGIO &amp; PIERO ALIN.ARIPUBLISHERS. VIA STROZZI i, FLORENCE.GRAND COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS50.000 SUBJECTS OF ALL THE TOWNS OF ITALY. GREECE, PARIS, DRESDENPLATINUM, BROMIDE, CARBON PRINTS, ETC. ARTISTIC REPRODUCTIONSOF VIEWS, PICTURES, SCULPTURES, ARCHITECTURAL DETAILS ETC• i, *mmA View of the Ponte Vecchio. Florence.BOOK EDITIONS RECENTLY PUBLISHED,FLORENCEORIGINAL ETCHINGS BY ANTONIO CARBONATI WITH PREFACEBY VITTORIO PICA.ORIGINAL ALBUM ON JAPANESE PAPER; 100 COPIES NUMBERED ANDSIGNED, ENCLOSED IN A FINE LEATHER COVER. BEHIND the Mask is a per-sonality and a creed. In itsown sphere, perhaps, somethinglike that may be fairly said ofthe shopkeeping at Heals'.Heals' try to carry on the oldtradition of fine English furni-ture and yet to add and hand onsomething of their own ; to learnfrom the best of their time; to makeexperiments—to be a good shop.Heal &amp; SonTOTTENHAM COURT ROAD.WI.Bedding, Bedstead, Upholsterp, and Furniture Makers.Dealers in Carpets, China, Fabrics &amp; Decorative things.