Bruno's Weekly 2 23 June 3rd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-06-03_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 23 Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 1 Ave Atque Vale Catullus, Carmen CI Aubrey Beardsley cre 3 Anarchists in Greenwich Village Guido Bruno cre 3-7 Suicide Leo Tolstoy cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 7-8 To My Dear Friend Thomas Guido Bruno cre 8 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 9 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 9 Passing Paris Muriel Cielcovska cre 10 The Arch Illustration 11 From the Garret Window Guido Bruno cre 11-14 QOLUMBINE, with eyes of blue, Florence Lowe cre 14 The Last Hour Gustave Flaubert cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 14-17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Impressions of America Oscar Wilde cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents June 3rd, 1916w. &amp; o. Copyright by Guido Bruno, June 3rd, 1916. Original matter,including all drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 23WmWHMM! JUNE 3rd, MCMXVI. Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Concluded from last issue Bruno s Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. T., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of3d, 1879. Aubrey Beardsley Ave Atque Vale Catullus, Carmen CI Aubrey Beardsley By ways remote and distant waters sped,Brother, to thy sad grave-side am I come.That I may give the last gifts to the dead,And vainly parley with thine ashes dumb:Since she who now bestows and novo deniesHath ta en thee, hapless brother, from mine eyes.But lo! these gifts, the heirlooms of past years,Are made sad things to grace thy coffin shell,them, all drenched with a brother*s tears,And, brother, for all time, hail and farewell! Anarchists in Greenwich Village Guido Bruno. you ever seen a real live anarchist? Just to behonest you never wanted to see one. Is it because thev ?Iphabet or because of a close associ- ?■ . /°/ w,hlcb you are not responsible, you think°112 ,b°m,bS? B°™bs and ar? insepar- able in the minds of most of us. Mysterious destroyers ofme and of property, merciless men who have pledged theirlives or their knives or their guns to some nefarious cause?n ter' assemble in cellars lighted with candles orin road-houses which seem uninhabited and in reality are dvn- nMnl— i j - £ " • . - .—aren't these the an- archists of your imagination? Aren't these the men of whomyou think if you read that a king or a prince has been killedby an anarchist or that anarchists plan to blow up the Ca- thedral on tifth avenue?An anarchist, to you, means a criminal and being an an- archist is his crime. Is it possible today to explain Christi- anity to one who knows the term alone but not its meaning?And just as many denominations, constitute the Christendomof the world, just as many kinds of anarchists are existinga^o!ut.ely pessary to go out and kill Jews to earnthe title, Christian. Millions of us would not even think itpossible that Jews were and are being killed in the name ofChristianity. And millions of anarchists today will deny stoutly and firmly that the real anarchist would manufacturea bomb, destroy other people's property or murder a fellow- being.Millions of anarchists? Of course. There are millionsamong us. Some say they are anarchists and usually arenot, and others would be shocked to be called such, yet theyreally are. It is just like with Christianity, and the samecountry that shocked Christian civilization with outrages inthe name of Christianity put a bloody meaning in the spell- ing of anarchism. To judge a creed by extreme actions offanatics cannot lead to an understanding. The religiousmaniac who is seized by temporary insanity and murdershis wife and his children is a mere incident of everydaylife and does not cast reflections upon the religious beliefwhich is more or less responsible for his delusion. To takethe essence of a religion or a political creed or of anarchismand to compare it with the lives men actually live, with theiractions and the results of their actions is a scientific andhuman way in which to pass judgment.Some of the biggest men in our public life are anarchistsby their actions and they would protest vigorously againstbeing called anarchists. Others confess they are anarchistsand nobody would believe them. The men and women whomwe are accustomed to call anarchists who are proclaimed asthe apostles of anarchism and are supposed to be dangerousindividuals recommended to the special care of the policesurveyance, are in reality harmless creatures living a conven- tional life—professional preachers of anarchy, evangelists likeBilly Sunday who are passing the plate. They might besincere, but they surely get their share out of it.Romance is more essential to everyday life than most ofus imagine. Anarchism has all the qualities of romancea twentieth century man or woman could possibly look for.The moving picture screen is their source of information.Here they see the Russian anarchist who sacrifices his" lifefor the sake of the cause. Meetings in cellars, exquisitelydressed socity women, girls in rags, aristocrats, drunkards,statesmen, rich and poor,- well-educated and know-nothings,all are sitting around the same table ,all take the same oath,all social differences seem erased, the motto is all for one andone for all. This romance is so colossal as to be beyondthe ken of ordinary mortals. Not the overthrow of thegovernment not the planning of a murder, interest the hun- dreds of onlookers; but this comradeship among people whounder ordinary circumstances hardly ever would meet spurnsthe craving for comradeship and equalization of all.Jack London, who declares himself as a revolutionist says:"It is comradeship that all these masses want. They callthemselves comrades. Nor is the word empty and meaning- less—coined of mere lip service. It knits men together whostand shoulder to shoulder under the red banner of revolt.This red banner, by the way, symbolizes the brotherhoodof man, and does not symbolize the incendiarism that in- stantly connects itself with the red banner."It is this craving for companionship, for relations free of the masks and limitations necessitated by our society thatbrings men and women togeher under the banner of an- archism, at least what they call anarchism in New York.And that longing for adventure and romance plays a big partin these circles is evident in the fact that since the start ofthe European struggles certain elements, regular habitueesof anarchistic circles found a new field in their activitiesabroad in different capacities, or here, working for the benefitand the propaganda of universal peace and immediate helpfor the sufferers in the war zone.Emma Goldman has a national reputation. She is a pro- fessional anarchist. She is doing it year in and year out, likean actress playing the big circuit. Did you ever meet EmmaGoldman, did you ever see her? You could never believeall the things you have read of her. Her home life is verysimilar to that of any other woman who is lecturing and writ- ing. I saw her sometime ago as hostess to many thousandsof her followers and admirers. It was at the" anarchist'sball, Red Revel, they called it. It was red all right, but notthe red that stands for dynamite and shooting and murder.It was the red Jack London speaks of, the red of comrade- ship. They danced and laughed and were happy and if any- one would want to call a gathering of young men and womenlike that dangerous, it wouldn't be safe to attend an operaperformance or to enter a subway train. But London claimsthere are ten million anarchists in the United States. Thatwould make one to each ten persons we meet.The anarchists in New York drink mostly tea. They aremen and women like you and me. They work for their living.Of course they would rather prefer not to work but so wouldevery one of us. Anarchism is in eighty out of a hundredcases, the only luxury of their lives. There are certain placesin our metropolis which are known to the elect as anarchistmeeting places. But mighty little anarchism do they talkabout. They usually plan something. Something that anyother club or any other society could plan also—an outing, apicnic, or a dance. They attend lectures and musicals andspend their time as a whole, just as uselessly as most of usdo after working hours.-Old Greenwich Village is the home par excellence of an- archism. On Bleeker street still stands the building wherethe Chat Noir used to open its doors every evening aboutseven o'clock and shelter revolutionists of all nations. Hereis was that the man who subsequently killed King Humbertof Italy, predicted in the presence of many his deed. Butnobody took his utterances seriously, because he was knownas a fanatic whose fanaticism bordered on mania. The ChatNoir closed her doors long ago. "Mazzini's" is to-day in thesame building. "Anarchists" assemble there every night andhave dinner, anarchists from lower Fifth avenue who arrivein their limousines, have a footman to open the door of theircar. They talk anarchism. Here are bits of the table con- versation: An elderly lady in black silk evening dress, deepdecoltee, diamonds in her ears, around her neck and on sixfingers, to a gentleman in evening dress. He is immaculatelike his shirt front: "I went to Emma's lecture last nigIsn't she a dear? She spoke about those darling children otthe Colorado miners and she really made me cry. Im so sen- timental. I remember the time the pastor spoke about. thepoor Chinese and how they haven't even rice for their littlechildren. It affected me so I could not attend Mrs. K. s re- ception and she hasn't forgiven me yet. At another table.Two men, the one looks rather prosperous; the other fellowlooks like an artist. "I say," he says,"this fellow Berkmanmakes me sick. Imagine a man being fourteen years in prisonand living the balance of his life in telling his fellowmen ofhis experiences in prison." A fat Italian plays on the harp- sicord. Everybody eats roast chicken and drinks red ink andenjoys being in an anarchistic place. .In a basement nearby is an Italian place. Rough-100 ingindividuals sit around small wooden tables. It would amusevou to understand the conversation of these anarchistsabout the last letter they received from home and when thelong expected Anita is coming over to become Antonio s wite.In the houses of Mystery on Washington Square are bush- els of anarchists living. They write anarchism and they drawand they paint anarchism and eventually it appears in prin .You can see it on the newsstands or on the book shelves inthe book stores. tLet us cross Fourteenth street and enter that mysterioushouse on Fifteenth, between Fifth avenue and Broadway, itlooks like a monastery and was one, about sixty years ago.It was later a gambling house, a house of ill fame, andits rooms are utilized at present as studies. It isproperty of the Van Buren estate, and the renting agentdoesn't bother to send collectors if his tenants do not paypromptly. He knows that if they do not appear themselves,little good will it do to send collectors. Let us walk pastthe beautifully carved wooden doors of the ancient monk cellsand enter Hippolyte Havel's abode right under the roof.Hippolyte Havel is the anarchist of New York. He looks thepart. He was one of the lieutenants of Enftma Goldman inthe beginning of her career, he was delegate to numerousinternational anarchistic congresses in Europe and in America.He knows everybody in the "movement and everybodyknows him. What does he think about anarchists and anarch- ism in New York? . ,"To be an anarchist means to be an individualist, lo bean individualist means to walk your own way, do the thingyou want to do in this life-do it as well as you can. Youmust never impose on your fellowmen; you must never be intheir way; you must help everybody as well as you can; thegood you derive through your life belongs, in the first place,to you but you have to share it with the world if the worldcan benefit by it. "About throwing bombs and killing other people? No trueanarchist could destroy something that is existing. It wouldmean to deny his own existence, if he should not grant theright of existence to everybody and everything created."How does that sound for the leader of the anarchists in ourcity?To know anarchy, to really know it as it is, takes away itschief attraction; the romance of a melodrama. Suicide By Leo Tolstoy Translated by Guido Bruno The question whether a human being has the right to killhimself is put incorrectly. To question his right to do it isout of the question. If he can do it he also has the right todo it. I think that the feasibility to kill himself is merely asafety-device. And regarding this feasibility, no human hasthe right to say that life is unbearable to him. If life is un- bearable, one kills oneself, and therefore no one really hasreason to complain about insufferable life.To every human the chance is given to kill himself andtherefore he can choose to avail himself of it. And in fact,he is making use of this prerogative of his continually, killinghimself in wars, with liquors, with tobacco, with opium andwith vices.No, it is unreasonable. Just as unreasonable as to cut offthe sprigs of a plant in order to destroy it. The plant willnot die but just grows irregularly. Life is indestructible—it is outside of time and space and therefore death can onlychange the form of life; can only destroy its practical proofin this world.But if I destroy the practical proof of life in this world, Ido not know if it will be more pleasant for me in anotherone, and thus I deprive myself of the possibility to experienceall that life had still in store for me in this world and to annexit for my own, ego.But especially unreasonable is suicide because I demon- strate in taking my life that I really did not know my truemission on earth: I evidently am laboring under the delusionthat life must mean pleasure to me, but in reality I am placedin this valley of tears and of joys to achieve my self-perfec- tion, and supremely to serve that Cause in whose employ thelife of the whole world is.And hence suicide is immoral. Man receives life and op- portunity to live until his natural death, only on the conditionthat he serves the life of the world. But after using it as hepleases, he refuses to put it at the disposal of the service ofthe world, at the same second his own personal existence dis- pleases him. And it is quite probable that he was called uponto render this service when he started to dislike life. In thebeginning every work seems unpleasant. In the hermitage Optina for thirty years lay suffering uponhis bed a paralyzed monk and was able to use only his lefthand. The physician said that he was suffering intensely, buthe never complained about his condition. He smiled andcrossed himself and looked with pleasure at the holy pictureson the walls and expressed with all means his pleasure to liveand his gratitude to God for that spark of life that still wasglowing in his poor suffering body. Thousands and thou- sands of pilgrims visited him and it would be hard to describeall the good this poor cripple did; all the good this mancreated for the world of whose pleasure he had been deprived.Surely this man was a greater benefactor to mankind thanthousands of healthy people who believed themselves bene- factors to humanity.As long as there is life in man he can work towards hisperfection and he can serve the world; but he can serve theworld only if he is earnestly working towards his perfection,and towards the perfection of the world. nn wri--T - iiuu. mnKMigM—ao—g—ffnaeaa»eai»g—usa—a— To My Dear Friend Thomas Guido Bruno IT is night. The wind howls and rattles at my door. Thelock creaks and the wood squeaks. The wind wants towheeze into my ears: "You have betrayed your friend andyou have cheated his betrothed."And the moon is searching for me with its ghost-like lightand I draw the shade. I know what it wants: "I just sawyour old mother crying on her pillows, crying away her sor- rows and her griefs."And I closed the shutters; soon the sun will come with itsclear impertinent rays: "You have stolen from your fatherhope and honor and he died, and I saw him cursing you onhis deathbed."There is the whiskey bottle at a little table next to my bedlaughing at me, temptingly, invitingly, "Come, drink, drinkoblivion," and I give it a kick and smash it into a thousandpieces. I don't want to forget.And the looking-glass seems to look at me pityingly: "Ialways showed you the truth, but you didn't want to see." Iturn it to the wall. I don't want pity.Hard over there, on the bureau, the gun gleams at me:"Come, I do understand you, I do love you, I do pity you andI will redeem you."Tears streamed down my cheeks and I did not shoot my- self. January 28, 1908, 3 a. m. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus. Anisette J-lOW swiftly thou canst dissipate all. careSweet Circe of liquors, when thou dost stealOur fancies from us, and with all subtle zealMake life more rosy-tinct and debonair.There's merry madness hidden in the air.Gay as the refrain of a Vaudeville,When the sweet sorcery, thou canst ne'er conceal,Lures us to gentle laughter everywhere.Thy very name makes resurrect to meThe shadowy past of bygone student days;The guignols aye, the gay cafes, and 10,The blooming fires of youth that used to be,And kisses stolen in delicious ways,Beneath the ancestral oaks of Fontainbleau! Kirsch HTHE mysteries of the Schwarzwald in thee dwell!Thou must be made in hidden fairies' homes,Deep in dim glades, where, in the midnight roamsThe sable huntsman on his ride to hell!Thy drops must aid red witches to foretellTheir awful secrets in unholy tomes,And in the haunted dusk, the limping gnomes,Meeting near somber firs, must know thee well.To me, thou art associate ever moreWith beldames' legends of the weird, blue RhineWhere white and wanton nixes bathe themselves.I see thee luring travelers to the shore,While in the gloomy forest near them shineThe lurid eyes of hell-obeying elves! Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner It is marvellous how much a man may know and not knowenough to know what to do with even a little of all he knows.He who finds pleasures in giving pleasures to those whoknow no pleasures need never know need of pleasures thatknow no sting.Some think it is sowing wild oats that raises tame men;but it is very sure that raising tame oats sows wealth amongeven the wildest men who try it.A frivolous fool and her daring dances are not Solomonicincentive to morality. Passing Paris Muriel Cielcovska May 15th, 1916. , A A ✓ JLV#1 most noteworthy occurrence independent of war-events\r or 6 I(:se.began 'las been the donation to the country byM. Rodin of his life-work. Without anticipated publicity ofany kind the news was announced when the contract betweentle Government and the donor had been duly signed. The ar- rangement was made in the business-like, straightforward waycharacteristic of a great man. Mr. Rodin leaves the clay castsot all his sculpture to the State on condition it be displayed inthe circumstances and order he has chosen. He undertakesthe expense of its presentation at his own cost, the Statfeproviding the housing in the eighteenth-century mansion inthe Rue de Varenne M. Rodin has been occupying these lastev\ years. M. Rodin stipulates, moreover, that he be allowedto continue living there until his death, and that the museumhe leaves, comprising also his drawings and collections, bearshis name.M. Rodin, who had of late years added prose to his plasticand graphic expressions, has only raised his voice, or penrather, 011 one occasion in comment 011 the war. He seems tohave realized, unlike others, that the time is not for preach- ing. Ihe few words he has said were to the point, as is every- thing he says or does. In Rodin are united the qualities ofthe French peasant and of the master-man. He has the sa- gacity and shrewdness of the one, the critical gifts of theother. He is sparing of speech like a peasant, lucid like apoet; tenacious and wary like the former, intuitive, tactful,feminine, like the latter. He has a sense, too, of timelinessas his last deed shows, for it is, in its way, a patriotic deed.He was himself timely in his appearance in the artistic cycle;some come too soon, others too late; some fall completelyoutside of their natural environment. They are out of tunewith their contemporaries. Rodin suffered from none of theseerrors of selection. Some are great artists, but not great, oreven good, influences. Rodin's influence has been as vast ashis genius. It was necessary, it was welcome, it has bornefruit. And there is no waste in his life. Effort has been pro- portioned to result, result to effort. He has, as far as can bejudged, always given, or been able to give, form to his inten- tions; he lias not aimed beyond or on one side of his possibili- ties of realization. His qualities have not been strained to thepoint of becoming faults. His idealism, for instance, has neverdeveloped into idealogy.Rodin is still the greatest of living artists, not only becauselie is the greatest artist, but because, simply, he is a world- wide influence. He is in himself a monument of the best inhis time and race. Excerpt from a letter to The Egoist, May 1, 1916.. . The Arch From the Garret Window Guido Bruno Love and Romance JSJEVER before, perhaps has there been an age of roman- ticism and of self-sacrifice such as ours. And if youdoubt it, compare our daily newspapers with the historiesand chronicles of yore. Here and there a thrilling incident,a great personage, an extraordinary character, and so singu- lar and so rare that the writer of those histories could notresist penning it down for eternity. The love of a Romeo,the perseverance of a Penelope, the self-sacrifice of a NathanHale, the heroism and bravery of a Joan of Arc, are framedin history, being put down as almost abnormal exceptions,proving to the reader and philosopher that this world ofold must have been an extinguished crater, and these inci- dents the sparks that kindle a new feeling among contem- poraries.And then look at our own days, unjustly called realisticand prosaic; called so. by pessimists or men who live uponthe border line of every-day life; who are incredulous andtoo prepossessed to read the police reports in our dailypapers; who are shams clothed with the dignity that preventsthem "from stepping down" into the real life of millions oiour fellow men; who take for granted and for truth theprinted word of theoreticians. Can you doubt that this our age is one of romance, ofsupreme self-sacrifice unheard of, and of love that comesnearer to the love of Christ than the one preached for nine- teen centuries in cathedrals and churches?Read of the Irish heroes who gave their lives because theywanted freedom for their fellow-men. While you wereriding in elevators and subways and pushing electric buttonsthey were being shot or sent to a still worse fate—into thedoom of prison cells—for the same "crimes" we celebrateour Washingtons and Lafayettes.Think of the woman who entered the death cell of herdoomed sweetheart two hours preceding his execution, andmarried him as proof of her sincere and never-changing love.Think of the one man who plotted and called to his aid ahostile nation; who gathered together an arsenal of armsand ammunition; who organized an army ready to strike forhis_country's freedom. The work of a He'/cules—anc! he isfacing a trial for his life.Imagine to-day, this thirty-first day of May, nineteenhundred and sixteen, hundreds of women, part of a crowdof spectators of the Harlem regatta, dressed in all the frolickyand frivolous finery of our time, chanting old-fashionedhymns; crying out from the bottom of their hearts: "Help,O Lord, you are our last refuge," all this on the streetwhile a boy is drowning after an unsuccessful struggle tomaster the swirl of the waves, and while men are throwingoff their clothes and jumping into the flood to save him (asreported in the New York Times of May 31st.)Think of the millionaire merchant in Detroit. From aworker he rose to be this country's foremost manufacturer.He who had drawn pay for years in his weekly pay envelopeis now handing pay envelopes to thousands of his employeesand looking after their welfare like no other man in thiscountry. He could justly and rightfully enjoy the fruits ofhis labor, and he could dream peacefully through the eveningof his life. But the sorrow of his fellow man is his sorrow.His love for the world is so great that he must "do some- thing," be it only an effort to prevent further bloodshed andtears and murder. We see him equipping the Peace Ship.It is like a gigantic phantom of the Prince of Peace; like theunhonored messenger of a great and quickly approachingera; like the herald of a long expected "Kingdom of Man"upon earth.We see him ridiculed and jeered at by his contemporaries.We see him laughted at but he walks his own way;this modern man of romance and of love who wants peaceand happiness for all before he enjoys his own; which couldbe his for the taking.The dreams of the Arabian Nights have come true,charmed to existence by an Edison. Invention to-day is theincarnate romance and the imagination come to life of abygone age.Daily do men realize more and more that to live means "togive and to forgive." That everything belongs to everybodyand that the only way to bring about this idealistic state is to give to your neighbour what you have and what heneeds.Our age is the age of miracles, but we have not time to seethem. . ,We read books or listen to preachers or dig ourselves intoa miserable hole beneath the surface of a universe and wecall it our own world; w become sceptics and pessimistsand haters of men.But life weaves its romances continuously.May one of its myriads of threads entangle you too, oneof these days and make you one of the romanticists of ourage. One of those who have nothing better to give thanlove and who do not wish for anything better in return thanlove.Nothing but love.Life. Washington Honored (?) IN a very peculiar way during the last few days, Washingtonis being honored in the Square named in his honor.Alongside of the pillar of the Washington Arch, facing FifthAvenue, his full-sized figure is being set up gradually, dayby day. It seems to take more time than one would expectand it is a spectacle unworthy of a dignified patriotic action,exhibited there every day. Is canvas really so expensive thata tent could not have been procured for this occasion to bespread over the marble parts of the statue in order to protectit and the working men from the curious looks of passers-by.For two long nights the big trunk and the limbs and thehead were lying about the Arch much visited by the youthof our neighbourhood and by dogs, cats and birds. Thehead had been covered wih wet towels and gave rise tomany ungodly comments of people who cannot restrain froman attempt to be witty even at the cost of patriotism and ofbeing blasphemous. This is the Life "IV/lONEY-changers corner" in the lobby of the Judson,where the many torch-bearers of literature and of artdwell, was in constant excitement and heated conversationduring the past few days. Many pros and cons were raisedbut the question is still at large. _Corinne Lowe was the bone of contention; not she herself,but a few of her stories. And this is the rumor that hadstarted it all. .Miss Lowe returned recently from a trip to Washingtonand soon the glad but strange tidings circulated that shehad sold to the Saturday Evening Post, five stories, receivingan honorarium of twenty cents for each word or a thousanddollars for each of her five stories. „ £Considering that these stories are "an inside history ofthe .late private secretary of Mrs. Hamilton Fish, it seemsquite feasible that our distinguished contemporary of Satur- day Evening would be willing to buy them at any price. It is reported they are to appear under the title "This isthe Life!"Be it as it may be, the defender of high ideals in theLadies' Home Journal, Mr. Bock, will lament the loss ofsuch valuable material for the pages of his journal, whichreally would have been the right urn for the social remainsof Mrs. Fish's secretary.But this, it is said, is the trump card Miss Lowe played,and being a question of "give me my price (twenty cents aword) or the Ladies' Home Journal will give it to me" wonher victory. Florence Lowe QOLUMBINE, with eyes of blue,Do you remember when we were new?Your painted cheeks were brightly pink.And your beautiful brows were lined in ink.Why, children cried for the love of you,Columbine, with eyes of blue.Columbine, with golden hair,I loved you then, but you did not care,For fate looked on with an angry frown,And the showman made you wed the clown.You laughed at me then, in my despair,Columbine, with golden hair.Columbine, with staring eyes,Here in the refuse heap we lie,Your tinsel dress is a battered wreck,And your head is broken off at the neck.But I love you still ... I don't know why,Columbine, with staring eye. The Last Hour By Gustave Flaubert Translated by Guido Bruno. (Found among his posthumous papers &lt;was this unfinished storvwritten January 20, 1837. Flqubert was then fifteen years old.) J HAVE looked at my watch and calculated how much timethere still was left for me to live. I realize I had hardlvone more hour There is plenty of paper on mydesk; plentyto write down hastily all the reminiscenses of my life, and tosummarize the circumstances which have influenced this fool- ish and illogical intercogging of days and of nights; of tearsand of laughter; commonly called the existence of man.''J? 1S small and its ceiling is low. My windows areshut tightly. I have carefully filled the keyhole with bread.Ihe coals are starting to kindle; death is approaching. I canexpect it quietly and calmly while I am keeping my eyes allthe time upon the life which vanishes and upon the eternitywhich approaches. I They call that man happy who has at his disposal an in- come of 25,000 francs; who is well built, tall and handsome,who lives amidst his family, who visits the theatre every even- ing, and laughs, drinks, sleeps, eats and digests well. Thisopinion is old, but therefore not less wrong.As far as I was concerned I had more than 25,000 francsincome. My family was kind to me; I have been in almostall the theatres of Europe; I have drunk; I have slept. Sincemy birth I never knew the slightest indisposition. I have nota glass eye. I am not lame and I am not hunch-backed - - -and I am so happy that I am taking my life to-day at the ageof nineteen. II One day—l was as I remember, ten years old—my motherembraced me weeping and told me to go out and play underthe chestnut trees that bordered the lawn of the castle - - -(Oh! how they must have grown since those days!) I went,but as my Lelia did not join me there, I feared she was sickand I went back to the house. Everything was deserted.Big black drapery was stretched over the portal of the house.I went up to the room of my sister, and then I rememberedshe had not been down to play for eight days.I went up to her room. There I met two women who fre- quently had begged at the door of the castle. They hadsomething lifeless in their arms covered with a white sheet- - - that was her!They/have often asked me since why I was sad. III That was her. My sister! Oh how long and bitter it was!The two black-coated women laid the body in my sister's bed.They strewed flowers over it; sprinkled it with holy water,and later, while the sun was throwing his last reddish rays,which were lustreless like the eyes of a corpse, into the room,and after the day had expired, they lighted two small candlesat window panes on a little table next to the bed. Theyknelt down and asked me to pray as they did.I prayed, oh! so sincerely and as ardently as I could. Butnothing happened - - - Lelia did not move! I knelt therefor a long time, my head resting upon the moist cold sheetof the bed. I cried, but quietly and without fear. I believedthat if I could meditate, if I could cry, if I could rend mysoul with prayer and with vows, there would be granted tome a look or a motion of this body of misty form, where wasindicated a head, and farther down, the feet. I, poor believ- ing child, had faith enough to think that my prayers wouldbring to life a corpse, so great was my belief and so greatwas my harmlessness.Oh! one cannot express in words the bitterness and thegloom of a night passed at the side of a corpse; praying, cry- ing at the corpse which will not be recalled to life. No oneknows what a night full of tears and sobs contains of dreadand terror; a night in the light of two dead candles, passedin the society of two women with a monotonous sing-song,with cheap tears and with grotesquely-resounding hymns!No one knows what such a night of desperation and mourninginflicts upon the heart; what misery and grief. Upon theyouth, scepticism; upon the old man, despair. The day approached! But after the dawn had broken, whilethe two candles were dying out, both women left the roomand I remained alone. 1 hurried after them, I clutched theiraprons and I grasped convulsively their clothes!"My sister," I asked. "Yes, my sister Lelia! Where, isshe?" They looked at me in amazement."My sister! You asked me to pray and I have prayed sothat she may return. You have fooled me!""But that was for her soul!"Her soul? What did that mean? They often had spokento me about God, but never of the soul.God! That at last I could understand. If they had askedme what it meant, I would have taken Lelia's canary, I wouldhave crushed its head with my hands and I would have said"I, too, am God!" But the soul? The soul? What is it? Iwas bold enough to ask them, but they left me without ananswer. Her soul!Well they have fooled me, these women. What I reallywanted was Lelia, who played with me on the lawn and inthe woods, who used to lay on the grass, picking flowers andthrowing them to the winds. Lelia, my darling little sister,with big blue eyes, Lelia who embraced me every eveningafter she had played with her doll, with her little lamb andwith her canary.Poor sister! For you did I cry; you I wanted badly, andthese barbaric people answered me: "No, you will never seeher again; you did not pray for her but for her soul! Forsomething unknown, which is indetermined as is a word of aforeign language; for a breath; for a word, for nothing; inshort, for her soul have you prayed."Fler soul, her soul, I despise it; her soul. I pity her; Idon't want to think of her any more. What shall I with hersoul? Do you know what it is, her soul? Her body it isthat I want; her look, her life, shortly, her! And you, youhave given me back nothing of all this.These women have fooled me; well, and I have cursed them.This curse has fallen back upon me, upon the foolish philo- sopher who cannot comprehend a word without spelling it,who cannot believe in a soul without feeling it, and who can- not fear a God whose blows he faces, as Aschylos caused hisPrometheus to do, and whom he loathes so much that hewould not even defame him. IV Often I said to myself, looking up at the sun: "Why doyou shine upon every day with all this sorrow? Why do youput into the light of the broad day so much of grief and suchunspeakably foolish misery?"Often I said to myself, observing myself: "Why are youhere? Why don't you dry your tears while you are cryingwith one well-aimed shot whose inevitable consequences noteven a God could prevent."Often I said to myself, looking at all the people who arehastening, hunting after a name; after a throne; after theideal of virtue—all things that are more or less shallow andsenseless—looking at this whirl, this glowing lava, this un- clean chaos of joy, vice, of deeds, of emotions, of matter andof passion: "Where to, does all this pass? Upon whom willdescend all this badly-odored dust, as it is carried away bythe wind? In the grave of what nobody will it be incarcer- ated?"And still oftener I said to myself at the sight of the forestsof this much-admired nature; of this wonderful sun-settingevery evening and rising every morning, which shines equallybeautiful on a day rich in tears as on the day of happiness;at the sight of, trees, of the sea and of the skies resplendentwith myriads of stars; how often have I said to myself inbitter despair: "What is all this here for?" V On thought came to me and that is the only remorsewhich ever tortured me; never have I felt remorse as Ithought that men are not good and not bad; not guilty andnot innocent; I know that I do not act out of my free-will,but am prompted by a moving force, by a universal power,by a faith which is stronger than I am! I shall never mournabout the fooleries committed by my enemy. I also findI should have lived as I am dying; happily and quietly, in- stead of crying and cursing God, I should have laughed andshould have faced Him; I should have killed my tears inlaughter. I should have forgotten reality; instead of mourn- ing lost love, I should have been one with life.I should have lived. Impressions of America By Oscar Wilde Among the more elderly inhabitants of the South I founda melancholy tendency to date every event of importanceby the late war. "How beautiful the moon to-night," Ionce remarked to a gentleman who was standing next to me."Yes," was his reply, "but you should have seen it beforethe war."So infinitesimal did I find the knowledge of Art, westof the Rocky Mountains, that an art patron—one who inhis day had been a miner—actually sued the railroad com- pany for damages because the plaster cast of Venus of Milo,which he had imported from Paris, had been delivered minusthe arms. And, what is more surprising still, he gainedhis case and the damages.As for slang I did not hear much of it, though a young ladywho had changed her clothes after an afternoon dance didsay that "after the heel kick she shifted her day goods."American youths are pale and precocious, or sallow andsupercilious, but American girls are pretty and charming—little oases of pretty unreasonableness in a vast desert ofpractical common-sense.Every American girl is entitled to have twelve young mendevoted to her. They remain her slaves and she rules themwith charming non-chalance.men are entirely given to business; they have, as theysay, their brains in front of their heads. They are also ex- ceedingly acceptive of new ideas. Their education is prac- tical. We base the education of children entirely on books,but we must give a child a mind before we can instruct the'mind. Children have a natural antipathy to books—handicraftshould be the basis of education. Boys and girls should betaught to use their hands to make something, and theywould be less apt to destroy and be mischievous.Ingoing to America one learns that poverty is not a nec- essary accompaniment to civilisation. There at any rate isa country tnat has no trappings, no pageants and no gorgeousceremonies. I saw only two processions—one was the FireBrigade preceded by the Police, the other was the Policepreceded by the Fire Brigade.Every man when he gets to the age of twenty-one is al- lowed a vote, and thereby immediately acquires his politicaleducation. The Americans are the best politically educatedpeople in the world. It is well worth one's while to go toa country which can teach us the beauty of the word FREE- DOM and the value of the thing LIBERTY. Old Navai. Prints!A SCARCE AND UNUSUAL COLLECTION OF24 PRINTS IN COLORSize 10% * 14X On Heavy Plate PaperWe have secured the remainder of these beautiful prints, alimited number. Printed in 1893 and then sold for $15.00 perset, these pictures were stored away in a New Englandloft for twenty-three -years, until we unearthed them a fewweeks ago. They are faithful reproductions of the originalpaintings by Fred. S. Cozzens.Among the prints may be mentioned the Constitution,Kearsarge, Hartford, Franklin, New Hampshire, Pennsyl-vania, Enterprise, Hornet, Constellation, Portsmouth,Vesuvius, Miantonomoh, Maine, and the ram Katahdin.For years these prints have been unobtainable, exceptingwhere dealers in old prints have found single subjects, andcomplete sets have been as scarce as the proverbial "hen'steeth." Until our stock is exhausted we will mail to anyaddress, a complete set of twenty-four subjects on receiptof the wonderfully low price of$2.50 PostpaidCHARLES C. BIGELOW &amp; CO., Inc.1919 BROADWAY NEW YORK CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'sSons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates foiCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street New York City Sport Hats, Artist Smock Sets,Masque CostumesFor town and country.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St. nr. 6th Ave.Phone Spring 23 N. Y. GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry,speaking of Gonfarone's in one of his unexcelled Green*wich Village Stories. HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York WANTED yon to know that at 60Washington Square South islocatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on displaymany odd pieces of Brasses, Pot-tery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6 p. m. Satur-days 10 p. m. GREENWICH VILLAGE INN(Polly's)147 WEST 4TH STREETBetween Washington Sq. &amp;6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room From the making of a lamp tothe creation of a period roomthere is a right way and a wrongway. The problems of your ownhouse may be answered by con-sultingANTON HEIXMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring workneatly done. Dry cleaning ofLadies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps,etc., a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring ARTISTIC CUSHIONSIncluding wool embroidery.Unique and original designs inpatchwork. Cushions made toorder. Call or write SesseraStudio Co., 82 Wash. Pl.» N. Y»Spring 1076. 'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner T. D. COXStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, 8mPEPE &amp; BRO.SEAL ESTATE AIID INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 41x9 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCO RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books, Association Books,Boosts for Christmas GiftsPurchased ilnfly or in seta for people who have neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to thkbest hook marts. Why not begin collecting now 7Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. Being a bookINWH I C Htoe say just what &lt;we think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, it is a littlebook uniquely illustrated. IVrite for sample copy. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings*pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. Furnished Studio ApartmentWANTED for three months,Washington Sq. preferred.Write to S. M. CLARKEcare of Bruno's Weekly, 58Washington Sq., N. Y. C. There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, with onrcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stayvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison