Bruno's Weekly 3 19 October 25th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-10-25_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 19 Van Gough Illustration 1 Eldorado Edgar Allan Poe cre 3 Have You Ever Seen Your Double in a Painting? Guido Bruno cre 3-4 Eugene Field's Early Verse 5 "Sower" by Van Gough Illustration 5 Legend of Hercules August Strindberg cre 6 Maxim Gorky's Book-Plate Illustration 6 The Golden Stake F. Sollogub cre 6 A Song of Pennies H. Thompson Rich cre 6 Fragments from the Public Library in New York City James Waldo Fawcett cre 7 The Book of Bargains Vincent O'Sullivan cre 7-9 Art Kuprin cre 9 From an Old English Chap Book Illustration 9 A Scandal Doris Lester cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 A Game The Fledgling cre 9 Men ripen slowly, woman oTernight. 9 Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings (Theatrical Criticism) Momus cre 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Tit-Bits from the Village Renee Lacoste cre 11-12 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Potter's Clay Ernest M. Hunt cre 11 Departure L. H cre 12 Adventure Dora Grant cre 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 12 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUARETen Cents October 25th 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, October 25th, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Bruno; but that permission mayfee assumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 19 OCTOBER, 25th MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916, by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.jWalter L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidUlBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of March3rd, 1897. Van Gough Eldorado Edgar Allan Poe. Gaily bedight,A gallant knight,In sunshine and in shadow,Had journeyed long,Singing a song,In search of Eldorado.But he grew old,This knight so bold,And o'er his heart a shadowFell as he foundNo spot of groundThat looked like Eldorado.And, as his strengthFailed him at length,He met a pilgrim shadow;"Shadow" said he,"Where can it be,This land of Eldorado?""Over the mountainsOf the moon,Down the valley of the shadow,Ride, boldly ride,"The shade replied—"If you seek for Eldorado!" Have You Ever Seen Your Double ina Painting? Guido Bruno. SOMEWHERE in this world is your double—a humanbeing whose face resembles yours as the likenessstaring at you from the mirrors when you shave in themorning or try to adjust that obstinate veil in just thepeculiar way you wish to have it.The characteristic lines about your mouth, the twinklein the eye your friends tell you is just your own, alsoare there in the face of your double. He or she wearsthe hair as you do, trims the mustache or beard as youare in the habit of wearing them, has your walk, andeven your taste in dress. Your friends would mistakethis person for yourself should they meet him on thestreet and you yourself would stare with unbelievingeyes and murmur, "Marvelous!"Nature is mysteriously simple or simply mysterious.The philosopher confronted with the question mightmartyr his brains and after protracted pondering cometo the conclusion:"Why, there is nothing new in this world. Doublesexisted thousands of years ago. They exist today. They will exist tomorrow and ever. How? Why? Andwherefore? That is a mystery of nature. Paintings That Look Like You Then how can you help but look at it still as an un- solved puzzle—one of nature's pranks—if you shouldlearn that your likeness is exhibited among the mostcostly paintings of some ancient master—the pride ofan art gallery whose owner paid a fabulous price forthe canvas?There was an exihibition of paintings by contemporarySpanish artists in the Art institute. Among the can*-vasses exhibited was "Manolita," a young Spanish girlwith dark hair, parted in the middle and covering theears. The severe beauty of simple purity attracted atfirst, then made the onlooker return to glance at it again.Many praised it as the best painting ever exhibited byHermoso Martinez.Martinez painted "Manolita" from a living model inhis Spanish home town. What mysterious connectionhas the model of the Spanish painter in the mountains ofAndalusia with the proprietress of a delicatessen-storeon North Clark street, Chicago.Mrs. Skelley has the same deeply set eyes as "Mano- lita." Should she doff the clothes of the Chicago busi- ness woman and discard from her mind the eternal prob- lem of buying and selling and live somewhere on ahigh mountain in green nature her eyes would surelyhave that far away, dreamy look which makes Martinez'spicture distinctive.And on the other hand, if the Spanish duanitta shouldexchange her mantilla for the shirtwaist of a Chicagoan,if she should attempt to buy and dispose of food at aprofit, her face would soon show the same determina- tion and the same deep lines characteristic of Mrs.Skelley's face. Chicagoan Like a Rembrandt Rembrandt once painted the likeness of ChristianPaul Van Beeresteyn. It hung over the mantel of theancestral hall in the Chateau Maurik, near Vecht.Christian Paul was burgomaster of Delft for a term ofyears and at the time the painting was originated byRembrandt he seemed to be at the height of his career.It was in 1632. The Beeresteyns had seen their bestdays. Grandsons squandered the fortunes of grandfathers who had provided well for them.In 1884 the property of the old family was sold atpublic auction. Among the silver and gold and mostprecious things the appraiser had found in the desertedhalls of the ancient castle a genuine Rembrandt. Thegood judgment Christian Paul had shown nearly threehundred years before in selecting the artist to paint hislikeness meant a fortune to his descendants.An American was the highest bidder at the auctionsale. For $75,000 he called the masterpiece his own.He took it to New York and exhibited it in the Metro- politan museum. Thousands came to see and admire the $75,000 picture which had found its way to the newworld.And among those thousands was one who also lookedat the painting. It appeared to him like some one hehad known years before. He returned again."Doesn't it look like Vladimir Shamberk of Chicago?"It did.The Van Dyke beard, the genially touselei hair, thetwo characteristic lines from the nostrils to the cornersof the mouth, the high forehead—all appeared just likea painting for which the Chicago artist might have sat.What a startling coincidence! The Bohemian artisthad come to Chicago and painted the most famous canvasthat ever glorified a son of Bohemia—that enormousdeath bed scene of the composer, Smetana, which henamed 'Too Late." This artist resembled the Dutchburgomaster whose only memorable deed was to have hisportrait painted by Rembrandt.Both found recognition in the new world. Steele the Double of Edward VII Percival Steele, a Chicago lawyer, takes delight inrelating an incident that took place in Yellowstone parkwhen a member of the German embassy and Canadiantourists mistook him for the Prince of Wales, later KingEdward VII. \It was in the fall of 1898 when Mr. Steele, accom- panied by a few men, visited the Yellowstone. A partyof Englishmen, Canadians, and attaches of the Germanembassy at Washington had cheered Mr. Steele for along time and they seemed to be puzzled about some- thing.The same curious looks greeted him in the diningroom of the hotel and later on the observation car of atrain. On returning from a short outing to the hotel hewas informed by the registry clerk that the party ofEnglishmen had believed him to be the Prince of Walesand had made inquiries as to his identity.Mr. Steele was mistaken similarly on frequent tripsto Canada, which furnished occasions for many heartylaughs.Indifference, a pleasant smile, a passing thoughtabout nature's unfathomable ways result in most caseswhen doubles meet in every day life. Mrs. Skelley wassurprised and pleased to see her Spanish likeness ad- mired by the thousands of visitors of the Art institute.Prof. Vladimir Shamberk gazed a long time at the re- production of Rembrandt's painting which looked somuch like himself. He shook his head and murmured:" Extraordinary! Extraordinary!" Mr. Steele waspleased with his recollections of being mistaken for thelate king of the Britons. Sudden Light of Face Fatal But here are instances where the sudden appearanceof a face, long forgotten, proved fatal. Consciencewhich had slumbered for years was put through thethird degree. On October 15, 1890, the morning papersof Paris carried a story of a theft in the Louvre. Thestolen painting was a little canvas, 10 x 12 inches. Itwas unsigned and had been kept in the Louvre only forits striking beauty.It was the face of a girl, about 18 years of age, withbig blue eyes and blonde curls over the fresh, white forehead, a dimple in the left cheek, and a little me- dallion on a gold chain about the youthful neck. Ithad been bequeathed to the Louvre, among valuablepaintings, and the commission had decided to keep it.It was a mystery. No one would have paid more thanperhaps $20 for the picture.The Matin carried the testimony of one of the mu- seum guards. It related to an old, thin man in cleanbut shabby clothes, who for months had been a dailyvisitor in the gallery where the picture hung. He hadspent hours before the painting. But the incident wassoon forgotten and the painting was not found for manyyears.It was years afterward on a Christmas morning ia1899. A man had swung himself over the rail of thePont de Neuf and the Seine had washed him out. Hewas an ugly little man in ragged clothes with a longbeard and long, uncombed hair. He was taken to themorgue. Picture Resembled Lost Daughter His clothes were searched. The pockets were empty.But tied to hte body was a little roll, carefully wrappedin oil cloth. A picture and a letter were found in theroll.The letter told the story of a father who had lost hiswife and whose pleasure for years had been to take herlikeness, his liltle daughter, on Sundays to the outlyingcemetery. The girl had grown up. She was beautiful.One night the father came home and the supper wasnot prepared. His daughter was gone. A long nightof hope and despair did not bring her back and dayswere spent in a vain search for her. He lost interest inlife and business. Once he saw her on the street. Herface and her clothes told him the sad tale. Their eyesmet and she turned away, jumped into an omnibus, andhe never saw her again.The painted cheeks and dark rings beneath the star- ing eyes haunted him day and night. He could work nolonger. He lost his home and he wandered the streets.To warm himself one December morning the fathersought the shelter of the Louvre. He looked at thepaintings, at the statues, at the shimmering gems andthe ancient jewelry in glass cases. He saw a pictureon the wall. It was the girl's face which resembled hisAngeline.On each day when the doors were open to the publicthe little gray haired man made his pilgrimage to theLouvre to see the likeness of his daughter. In the notein the roll found on his body he pictured how he hadfought the mad desire to take possession of the littlepiece of canvas. He couldn't resist.One evening he managed to hide himself and belocked up with his Angeline—to be with her during awhole night. He thought of how comforting it wouldbe to have her with him all the time. He took his pen- knife and carefully cut the painting from its frame. Inthe morning it was easy to slip out and disappear 'Friends refused their help. Without shelter, withoutlove, hugging his treasure to his heart, he tramped thestreets. He gave up,hope, decided to die, and the Seine,with her ever open arms, receivd him. Eugene Field's Early Verse In an old scrap book I found the following extract—Who knows but in some years to come someone may hap- pen, in some scrapbook, upon these lines and use them too.IN an old scrap book I recently happened upon severalgracious bits of verse signed by Eugene Field, andcredited to several Western papers upon which the hu- morist served his novitiate. These verses have not beenthought of sufficient importance to incorporate in hispublished works, but they are interesting to his admirers,as they evince a certain facetious trend subsequentlydeveloped to its maturity. They were mere drifts onthe great sea of journalism, and found no snuggerharbor than the wrinkled pages of a scrap-book.During the years 1879-81 Field was on the staff ofthe Kansas City Times. He contributed to the paperinnumerable columns of verse, criticsms, humoroussketches, jokes, satires—a literary hodge-podge. Inmy book are many reminiscences of these days. Thefollowing skit is dated New Year's Day 1880:Four young men in an old box sleighWhirling away on the New Year's Day,Happy and free as the air were they,And they laughedAnd they chaffed,&gt;45 blocks awayThey merrily sped, their calls to pay.Four little maidens in white pekay*—Maudie and Bessie and Ruth and May—Watched and pined that live long day.And they moanedAnd they groanedIn a feminine way,Watching in vain for that old box sleigh.\Four mad horses running away,Four young men in an o'erturned sleigh,Corner of \3th and North Broadway,And they fussedAnd they cussed,Spectators say,And the d 1 generally was to pay.Pity the youth in that old box sleigh,Pity the tumble they had that day,Pity the bills they had to pay,But more than allTheir rise and fallPity, we pray,The maidens lorn in the white pekay.Field had a habit of spinning what he called "Rhym- ing ribbonry," a phrase purely Fieldian, and not to befound in modern dictionaries. This "Ribbonry" consist- ed of curiously constructed lines playing upon wordsin this wise:Straight where she strayed, with stride fie strode,Sad sighed he on the sod and said:uSay, see I sigh and sue you so "She had no heed, but hid her head—Maud's mood the mud of mead made mad,No answer knew she now but "No."The swinging measures of the "Little Peach" attaineda tremendous popularity a few years ago. DuringField's connection with the Kansas City Times he wrotea quaint bit of rambling rhyme, in which is traceablethe inspiration that produced the tragedy of John and his sister Sue. It is styled the "Song of the Phillaloo,"of which the first stanza runs:Her face was as fair as the noonday bright,And her eyes were a dreamy blue;Her voice was as soft and as sweet and lightAs the lay of the lark in its fitful flightyOr the voice of the Phillaloo—Toohoo, too hoo.The voice of the Phillaloo.The love of children and reverence for childhoodwhich characterized such a share of Eugene Field'smaturer work was evidenced by much that he wrote inhis younger days. When he "helped to run the localon the St. Jo. Gazette," many tender songs found anesting-place in many a mother's heart. I have beforeme as I write, the.autograph copy of an exquisite bit ofchild's verse, which I have never seen in print:Oh, where is little Tiny Toes?That elf with such a roguish nose,Where is he with his golden hair,/Is yellow as the sunbeams rare?Nurse says he isn't anywhere.Has no one seen sweet Tiny Toes?He totters, precious, as he goes!He wears the cutest baby clothes!And now he isn't anywhere!Did angels steal him unaware?He's gone, alas, is Tiny Toes,Where, where alas nobody knows!Ah, cruelest this of all the woes!Whafs that? The rogue! His golden hair,Eyes, nose, and all behind my chair?Sly rogue was hiding, smiling there!There never can be another Field. Such a diversifiedpersonality occurs only once in a cycle. A remarkablecombination of contrasting traits, he had a personalpopularity seldom attained by one man. A mass of con- tradictions, he was at heart, a simple, wayward child,and it is because of his love for children tftat they lookupon him as their laureate. "Sower" by Van Gough Legend of Hercules By August Strindberg Maxim Gorky's Book-Plate HERCULES had performed his six wonders and madeready for the seventh, the cleaning of the stables ofAugias. This task, while not the hardest, was a most un- pleasant one; for in that stable for thirty years had dweltthirty thousand oxen, and never had a cleaning shovel inter- fered among them. First, Hercules tried broom and shovel.Then howled the oxen—imagine thirty thousand oxen: "Letbe that dirt: that is our dirt!""The dickens!" exclaimed Hercules and started to removethe refuse. "We want to keep our filth," howled the oxenand showed their horns. But Hercules hit them on the earswith his shovel, bade them keep silence, and unmindful ofthe odor kept at his task."Ho, look at the pig!" jeered the oxen. "You are thepigs," said Hercules, "because you are at fault for the dirtaround here. And lam not to blame if lam soiled by touch- ing you."The oxen were silenced. But now the little bugs, who hadfor long dwelt in the filthy mess, crawled about. "Leaveour filth alone," growled they. "It is not yours, but theoxen's," replied Hercules. "Yes, but we'll freeze, if youremove it." "Then go to work, and you will not freeze."And they went to work. In the night, while Hercules slept,they moved back all the dirt which he had shovelled out dur- ing the daytime. And when morning dawned, everythingwas as filthy as before.When Hercules saw this, his anger was roused. "Nowthere is nothing I can do, but put the whole stable underjwater." When the oxen heard him mention water, the whichthey had not felt in thirty years, they were maddened andhowled so loudly, that the miserable bugs who were hidingin the darkness, flew up to seek shelter on the broad backsof the bovines. But Hercules was not to be balked. Hedug a trench from the nearest brook and flooded the stable."He is an enemy of the people," wailed the oxen. "Hewants to destroy society; he will flood the whole world.""That is not true," answered Hercules. "I only want toclean up this mess, and I am no enemy of the people, buta foe to oxen and to parasite bugs who revel in filth."After cleaning up Hercules retired to rest."How can we take revenge?" asked the oxen. "He fearsnot our horns; have we no other weapons?" "Let us throwdirt at him," urged some. "That he can wash off," saidothers. So talking and considering, they came to the con- clusion that they had no weapons against Hercules.But one of the dirty little bugs, who had listened to theirtalk, had an idea. "Put him under water," he advised— "Puthim under water, as he did with our stable." "Yes, that's it!But where get the water?" The bug whispered into theox's ear, the ox told his neighbor, and soon all the oxenknew how water was to be had.Hercules suddenly woke, surrounded by a dirty flood, butfor reasons easily understood, the flood soon ceased. Her- cules grabbed his club and ran to the stable. There hepondered: "One would not kill a louse with a bludgeon.Could you not have used clean water as I did? But whatis to be done! Oxen always remain oxen. I will whip youfor this dirty work, but don't think I came to seek revenge.I came not to avenge myself, but I will punish you." So saying he went about and hit the oxen on their hinders. But the filthy parasite bugs he completely ignored. Translated by G. Prager. The Golden Stake By F. Sollogub LITTLE VOVA became angry at his father. He said tohis nursery-maid:"As soon as I grow up I'll enlist as a general, will cometo father's house with a cannon, take him prisoner and puthim on a stake."Father, who overheard Vova's threat, said:"Oh, you bad boy! Are you going to set father on astake? Why, it will hurt him."Vova became frightened and answered:"Oh, father, but this stake will be a golden one with aninscription: Tor bravery'."From the Russian by Anna Stavsky. A Song of Pennies H. Thompson Rich. THE Poet needs the penniesYou spend for chewing-gum,And "shoes and ships and sealing-wax,Why don't you give him some?If I had all the penniesSome folks have in their cup,I'd spend them for potatoesTo fill the Poet up! H. Thomps Fragments from the Public Library in New York City James Waldo Fawcett I.— The Entrance HT HIS is the door* By which we enter inThis great white marble mausoleumOf dead and dying thoughts.Come, let us pauseA moment;Perhaps a bird will comeTo drinkFrom the poolAt the marble lady's feet! II.— The Magazine Room TJROM every corner* Of the panting earthThey come:Men who sitAt these broad tablesTurning leavesAll day.They are wise.More books are bornAmong these paper coversThan those who write themCare to admit, good friend;Few books are thereThat have not onceBeen merely magazines. III.— The Stack rHERE are hundredsOf thousands of volumesHere in this echoing vault;And each time these volumesHear the attendant's even tread,They pray to their proper godEach in his own true tongueThat they be chosen.And when one returnsFrom the little pilgrimageTo the main reading room,The others ask him:"How is the world?"And sometimes he replies:"It is grey and cold.An aged professor wanted me. There was something of soupIn his beard."And again he may say:"The world is a singing placeOf sunshine and love;I went to the hands of oneWho is fair as Heloise,The well-beloved of Abelard."Strange, eager heartsWithin these aging volumes . . . . IV.— The Stairway rP HIS white descent* Frightens me;It is so steepAnd cold and white.Someday I thinkI shall not resistThe subtle temptationTo throw myselfDown the whole long flightAnd scatter poppies of scarletOver all this adamantine coldness.i • V.— The Newspaper Room JT was here* That I found her secret,—Here among these musty old records,Here where man aids GossipIn her war with Time.v tWhy do you live so long?Yellow sheets of a day,Why linger year on year?Learn to forget;Be kind. VI.— Bryant's Statue rT HIS is our humble tribute* To the name of himWho penned "The PlantingOf the Apple Tree."I wonder sometimes,When I look on his patient face 3If Robert of LincolnIs singing to him. The Book of Bargains By Vincent O'Sullivan IV.— When I Was Dead "And yet my heartWill not confess he owes the maladyThat doth my life besiege."—All's Well that Ends Well. THAT was the worst of Ravenel Hall. The passages werelong and gloomy, the rooms were musty and dull, eventhe pictures were sombre and their subjects dire. On anautumn evening, when the wind soughed and wailed throughthe trees in the park, and the dead leaves whistled and chat- tered, while the rain clamoured at the windows, small won- der that folk with gentle nerves went a-straying in their wits.An acute nervous system is a grievous burthen on the deckof a yacht under sunlit skies; at Ravenel the chain of nerveswas prone to clash and jangle a funeral march. Nerves must be pampered in a tea-drinking community; and the ghostthat your grandfather, with a skinful of port, could face andnever tremble, sets you, in your sobriety, sweating and shiv- ering; or, becoming scared (poor ghost!) of your bulgedeyes and dropped jaw, he quenches expectation by not ap- pearing at all. So lam left to conclude that it was tea whichmade my acquaintance afraid to stay at Ravenel. EvenWilvern gave over; and as he is in the Guards, and a poloplayer, his nerves ought to be strong enough. On the nightbefore he went I was explaining to him my theory, that ifyou place some drops of human blood near you, and thenconcentrate your thoughts, you will after a while see be- fore you a man or a woman who will stay with you duringlong hours of the night, and even meet you at unexpectedplaces during the day. I was explaining this theory, Irepeat, when he interrupted me with words, sense- less enough, which sent me fencing and parrying strangers,—on my guard."I say, Alistair, my dear chap!" he began, "you ought toget out of this place, and go up to town and knock about abit—you really ought, you know."""Yes," I replied, "and get poisoned at the hotels by badfood,- and at the clubs by bad talk, I suppose. No, thankyou: and let me say that your care for my health enervatesme.""Well, you can do as you like," says he, rapping with hisfeet on the floor; "I'm hanged if I stay here after to-morrow—I'll be staring mad if I do!"He was my last visitor. Some weeks after his departureI was sitting in the library with my drops of blood by me.I had got my theory nearly perfect by this time; but therewas one difficulty.The figure which I had ever before me, was a figure of anold woman with her hair divided in the middle; and her hairfell to her shoulders, white on one side ana black on theother. She was a verp complete old woman; but, alas! shewas eyeless, and when I tried to construct the eyes shewould shrjvel and rot in my sight. But to-night I was think- ing, thinking, as I had never thought before, and the eyeswere just creeping into the head, when I heard a terrible.crash outside as if some heavy substance had fallen. Of a?sifMen the door was flung open, and two maid-servantsThey glanced at the rug under my chair, and at&amp;hat they turned a sick white, cried on God, and huddled out."How dare you enter the library in this manner?" I de- manded, sternly. No answer came back from them, so Iin pursuit. I found all the servants of the housein a knot at the end of the passage."Mrs. Pebble," I said smartly, to the housekeeper, "IWcant those two women discharged to-morrow. It's an out- rage! You ought to be more careful."But she was not attending to me. Her face was distortedwith terror."Ah dear, ah dear!" she went. "We had better all goto the library together," says she to the others."Am I still master of my own house, Mrs. Pebble?" I in-bringing my knuckles down with a bang on a table.INone of them seemed to see me or hear me; I might aswell have been shrieking in a desert. I followed them downthe passage, and forbade them with strong words to enter thelibrary. But they trooped past me, and stood with a clutterround the hearth-rug. Then three or four of them begandragging and lifting, as if they were lifting a helpless body,and stumbled with their imaginary burthen over to a sofa.Old Soames, the butler, stood near."Poor young gentleman!" he saicj, with a sob; "I'veknowed him since he was a baby. And to think of him beingdead like this—and so young too!"I crossed the room. "What's all this, Soames?" I cried,shaking him roughly by the shoulders. "I'm not dead, I'mhere—here!" As he did not stir, I got a little scared.old friend," I called, "don't you know me? Don'tyou know the little boy you used to play with? Say I'm notdead, Soames, please, Soames!"He stooped down and kissed the sofa. "I think one of themen ought to ride over to the village for the doctor, Mr.Soames," says Mrs. Pebble, and he shuffled out to give the&amp; order. Now, this doctor was an ignorant dog, whom I had beenforced to exclude from the house, because he went aboutproclaiming his belief in a saving God, at the same timethat he proclaimed himself a man of science. He, I wasresolved, should never cross my threshold, and I followedMrs. Pebble through the house, screaming out prohibition.But I did not catch even a groan from her, not a nod of thehead nor cast of the eye, to shew that she had heard.I met the doctor at the door of the library. "Well!" Isneered, throwing my hand in his face, "have you come toteach me some new prayers?"He brushed by me as if he had not felt the blow, andknelt down by the sofa."Rupture of a vessel on the brain, I think," he says toSoames and Mrs. Pebble after a moment. "He has beendead some hours. Poor fellow! You had better telegraphfor his sister, and I will send up the undertaker to arrangethe body.""You liar!" I yelled. "You whining liar! How have youthe insolence to tell my servants that I am dead, when yousee me here face to face?"He was far in the passage, with Soames and Mrs. Pebbleat his heels, ere I had ended, and not one of the three turnedround.All that night I sat in the library. Strangely enough, Ihad no wish to sleep, nor, during the time that followed, hadI any craving to eat. In the morning the men came, and al- though I ordered them out, they proceeded to minister aboutsomething I could not see . So all day I stayed in thelibrary or wandered about the house, and at night the mencame again, bringing with them a coffin. Then, in myhumour, thinking it shame that so fine a coffin should beempty, I lay the night in it, and slept a soft, dreamlesssleep—the softest sleep I have ever slept. And when themen came the next day, I rested still, and the undertakershaved me. A strange valet!On the evening after that, I was coming down-stairs, whenI noted some luggage in the hall, and so learned that mysister had arrived. I had not seen this woman since hermarriage, and I loathed her more than I loathed any crea- ture in this ill-organized world. She was very beautiful Ithink—tall, and dark, and straight as a ram-rod—and shehad an unruly passion for scandal and dress. I suppose thereason I disliked her so intensely was, that she had a habitof making one aware of her presence when she was severalyards off. At half-past nine o'clock my sister came down tothe library in a very charming wrap, and I soon found thatshe was as insensible to my presence as the others. Itrembled with rage to see her kneel down by the coffin—my coffin; but when she bent over to kiss the pillow I threwaway control.A knife which had been used to cut string was lying on atable: I seized it and drove it into her neck. She fled fromthe room screaming."Come, come!" she cried, her voice quivering with an- guish, "the corpse is bleeding from 'the nose."Then I cursed her.On the morning of the third day there was a heavy fall ofsnow. About eleven o'clock I observed that the house wasfilled with blacks, and mutes, and folk of the county, whocame for the obsequies. I went into the library and satstill, and waited. Soon came the men, and they closed the lid of the coffin and bore it out on their shoulders. And yetI sat, feeling rather sadly that something of mine had beentaken away: I could not quite think what. For half an hourperhaps—dreaming—dreaming: and then I glided to thehall door. There was no trace left of the funeral; but aftera while I sighted a black thread winding slowly across thewhite plain."I'm not dead," I moaned, and rubbed my face in the puresnow and tossed it on my neck and hair. "Sweet God, I amnot dead." Art By Kuprin ONCE an ingenious sculptor was asked:"Is there any concordance between art and revolu- tion to be found?"He drew aside a green curtain and said:"Look!"He indicated a marble figure, which represented a slave,who with a frightful effort of the muscles of his entire body,tries to break his fetters.And one of the spectators said:"How beautiful it is!"Another one said:"How truthful it is!"But the third one exclaimed:"Oh, now I understand the joy of struggle!"From the Russian by Anna Stavsky. From an Old English Chap Book A Scandal Doris Lester. linp HE October wind told a story,A Which proves that he wasn't well bred;I don't know exactly the story he told,But it made all the leaves turn red!" A Game The Fledgling HE gave his heart, his very soul.(He said he'd win; he'd reach the goal.)And so—"Pass on thou foolThou woman's tool.Pass on. Pass on.Be gone."He gave his gold, he gave his all.(The cure was rank, as bitter gall.)From his great height, she let him fall,And so—"Pass on thou fool,Thou let love cool.Pass on. Pass on.Be gone."He gave his life to learn the game.(Compared with this all sports are tame.)He played it wrong so who's to blame?And now this fool is wise."O fool?Ye know thy fate: 'Tis cruel,So pass. Pass on.Be gone." Men ripen slowly, woman oTernight.Very cruel is the moral standard of human society; itrecognizes dead ones only; it has no hospitals for thewounded. Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings (Theatrical Criticism) Momus. NATURE has its own script of hieroglyphs. For writingslates it uses the brains of animals and humans;the higher developed the intellect, the less undecipherable thefurrows in the gray matter. In the case of a baby the slatesare almost even, like those of lower animals. The physiog- nomy of the brain of the aging scientific explorer is verywrinkled. . . .The wrinkles in the " brain are real impressions. And thetime will arrive when there will be no more space for newones. The slates will have been filled with inscriptions.This is also true of the theatrical critic, the impressionistpar-excellence. Very strong, indeed, must be the impressionsthat will leave traces in a brain that has been exposed totwo thousand five hundred theatrical productions. I am tell- ing you now an otherwise well guarded secret of the criticalfraternity; productions of theatrical ,managers and actors, ofinferior quality are forgotten by us veteran critics after afew days. They are forgotten practically immediately afterthey have been registered almost automatically in a morningpaper after the performance. ... We are growing wise,very, very wise, but we are growing old. . . . With quietregrets we remember those beautiful times when we wereyoung and foolish and could enjoy, in our youthful enthu- siasm, even amateurishness.Every woman means a feast to a young boy full of lust; forevery young theatrical critic, every new production. Oncehis attitude becomes really critical the charm of his profes- sion will have vanished.Yes, he becomes blase; but he becomes absolutely sure.The things that can excite him, that can break his profes- sional lethargy, must be worth while. In the long intervalssomething is presented somewhere, that almost urges hispen into his hand; he receives an impression that intoxi- cates him. Still oftener, he will witness the play of actorswho will lure him under their spell, like on that eveningmany years ago, when he saw the play for the first time.Such an actor must have something urgent in his personal- ity, something very individual. An every day good produc- tion leaves the mechanism of the automat uninfluenced. Bigindividuals are very scarce on the American stage, where the stars are mostly planets without a light of their own, re- flecting only the light of their manager.Such real individuality have I seen again a few daysago, seen with all the enthusiasm of pleasure: William Col- lier.Collier, next to George M. Cohan, is the impersonation ofNew York's specific humor. Each gesture of his hand, eachplay of his features, every trick he uses, in order to makethe people in the audience laugh, even the modulation of hisvoice, are New York's very own products. Something naivelyfresh in his makeup that reminds us of the boys from thestreets of New York—yes there must be a gamin de New York.At the same time there is a lot of good naturedness in his im- pudence, there is something smart that seems to sprout outof his home soil, if we are permitted to speak about his homesoil: the great White Way being his home. . . .For once we have a chance to enjoy the real Collier; he isin a clever company and in a very merry piece: in "Nothingbut the Truth," by James Montgomery * There is also a warm spot in my heart that belongs to OtisSkinner, or shall I say in my old critical brains. His happyways, a little bit adventurous and a bit romantic, in themany parts in which I have seen him hopelessly miscast,I have not forgotten. He plays now in "Mr. Antonio" in theLyceum, a wholly impossible hurdy-gurdy man. It is BoothTarkington's creation. Very childish. The figure itself isimpossible, so visibly impossible that the glaring footlightsturn it ridiculous. And notwithstanding this he fascinatesone (for seconds only); his make-up is an elaborated trickand above all his tenor. But the managers, who make himdive in this terrible sentimental syrup of Tarkington's produc- tion,wanted his ruin.False tunes that sound in a theatrical production are worsethan false tunes on a piano; they offend our reason; butlamentably few people have reason. The very sympatheticold lady, who was seated next to me during the perform- ance, I overheard whispering to her daughter: "Oh its fine,its very human.""Inhuman," whispered the automat in my brains, the brains of an old critic. Tit-Bits from the Village By Renee Lacoste Giovannitti's Theatre ON the evening of October 10th„ in the Peoples Theatre,the Bowery, Mr. Arturo Giovannitti opened what willbe a permanent Italian playhouse, with his own drama "Ten- ebre Rosse." The play deals with war and love, two sub- jects which have worried dramatic geniuses for ages. AFrench poet refuses to indulge in the more arduous task offighting until his home and country are invaded by the foe.He is overcome by the fundamental trait of self-protection,shoulders a rifle and returns to the "brute state." By theattendance Mr. Giovannitti is assured of a successful sea- son. Albert Spalding ALBERT SPALDING'S recital at Aeolian Hall, Saturdayafternoon, October 28th, presents several unusual fea- tures of new or seldom played works, among which arenumbered two movements of Bach's Suite in E minor, thesame master's massive figure in G minor for violin withfigured bass, the charming and rarely heard Sonata of Beeth- oven No. 3, which is so Mozartian in character: a set ofSwedish Folk Dances arranged by Max Bruch and shorterpieces by Saint-Saens, Cecil Burleigh and Paganini-Spald- ing. Andre Benoist will as usual be Mr. Spalding's accom- panist. Renee Lacoste A SMALL mind wandering through the Village a fewyears ago would have discovered there was hardly aplace where the villagers could meet in the evenings. Butnow there are more places than evenings. Le Chat Noir,the Mad Hatter's, the Liberal Club, the Ink Pot, the BookShop, A. Onorati. . . . And there are rumors of the immi- nent opening of a cozy little club called The Silver Kay. Atpresent we aren't free to disclose any details, and, as themembership is going to be limited, there is no use of the"outsiders" gaining too intimate a knowledge of it.George Baker's dog "Babby" committed suicide at theGreenwich Village Inn last Thursday."Too many strangers," he whispered just before hebreathed his last. "This is no longer the old Polly's!"And we of the village are disconsolate; we expected"Babby" to preside at the little notion shop Polly is goingto establish soon. We had a picture of "Babby" standingbehind the counter and waiting intelligently upon all cus- tomers, supplying them with the required articles. Alas!Frank Shay, co-partner in the Washington Square BookShop, was unusually busy last Saturday night."Every time I hear good news about my play," said LilyWinner, "I buy books!"Let's hope the play is a success for Frank's sake anyway!It is seldom one of the villagers summons enough energyto leave his Bohemian surroundings. George Seldes has seta bad example by sailing for England, where he expects tofinish a novel and gather news for the American press. Poorlittle Betty Seldes, flourishing her powder puff, announcesthat she is a "war bride." By the way, she has been urgedto induce that powder puff to write its autobiography: howit caused more annoyance, surprise, amusement and con- tempt among the inhabitants of Lee, Maine, than any otherphenomenon there last summer; how it was forever being lost, found in the most absurd hiding places; and, notwith- standing its perilous adventures, is again among us.Helen Criswell arid Matilda Spence surprised us all byannouncing they have joined the American Women's Leaguefor Home Defence. Every Thursday night they don compli- cated uniforms, but they have refrained from wearing themin the Village out of respect for the feelings of those amongtheir friends who don't believe in militarism.The well known Christine and Louise . Coons promise togive the best of food in their new restaurant in West Tenthstreet. There will be dancing and a room where those ad- dicted to it can discuss the problems of their souls. Aformal opening was announced for Wednesday the eigh- teenth, and the "Who's Who" of the Village intended to bethere under the benevolent guardianship of Jack McGrath,the übiquitous Father of the Village.Don't let those who are looking for studios in WashingtonSquare feel discouraged on hearing that Grace Godwin andher family have taken quarters here. There are still a fewplaces left. However, we are indebted to Grace for bringingsome of the sunshine back to the Square. "It is a mark of genius to convey manythoughts in few words. On the contrarysmall minds have the gift of talking much,and saying little."—Vauvenargues. Potter's Clay By Ernest M. Hunt Mirth I HAVE come to restin the churchyardalone.Some day I will be buried here.When the little roots reach down and tickle me underthe ribs, will I laugh? Love Some say, "Go that way."Others, "Come this way."I will wait for you. Contemplation I am tired,too tired to sleep.I sitrelaxed, eyes closed.The train rattles and bumps along;my body is without feeling—my spirit hovers above it.Some day it floats thus.It will see a child suffering afar off,beyond the help of human hands or brains;it will fly to ease the child—and I will die. Garden My neighbor has a garden—scarlet geraniums in red tubs.Whitewashed stones.Pick them up.Throw them.Hit the dumpy hydrangeas—faces swollen with mumpsand bandaged. Departure L. H. THE huge bulk quivers and the hawsers strainUntil unloosed, the great ship slips to seaBearing the friend who is so dear to allTo where the flattened adders of the deepLie hidden, till they launch their venom outIn softly-speeding messengers of death.Wave, O my hand! smile, O my lips! O voice,Ring forth your laughing shouts of raillery!O saving pride, guard well my traitor eyesThat they fill not!—She has the right to weep. Adventure Dora Grant. THE setting is very vague in my memory. The yellowshades were drawn to the sills and the polished floorstretched off dimly into the corners. Faces there were, but I•could not see them. The sounds were clearer. I rememberthe murmur of our voices, the thrash of the hall outside, andthe loud hum of the brass tea-kettle. My eyes rested for amoment on the blue flame fanning under the kettle. ThemI must have turned away, but from that instant every secondis stamped on my mind with hideous accuracy. First, therewas a gentle sputter. Then a sheet of yellow flame quiveredbefore my eyes. I opened my mouth and immediately tastedalcohol on my tongue. I raised my hands to my face andfound it wet. The yellow sheet had split into orange tonguesthat hissed over my ears and crackled in my hair. Theywere very hot. I was mad with fear and beat my head withmy palms. The alcohol streamed into my mouth and I could taste it in my throat, searing me with its touch. Some- how Iran with my eyes shut and my breath coming in gaspsthat hurt. I fell once, but the orange tongues danced onmy eyelids and I struggled to rise. Voices broke in now.They roared and bellowed about me. Through it I heard thethin crackle of breaking china. My face tingled. I tried tospeak but my tongue was filling my mouth to the roof andI could not move. I seemed to gurgle in my throat. A thou- sand needles were pricking my face and throat—red-hotneedles. They bit into the flesh till in agony I pressed myhands over my face. The skin slipped under my fingers. Icould not open my eyes. They stung and boiled in theirsockets, but the lids were glued down. I rose unsteadilyand leaned against something. I raised one hand to myhead and my fingers closed on a dry brittle mass thatcrumbled at my touch. I raised the other hand and laugh- ing in my throat, pulled handful after handful from myhead, laughing the more as it became dust in my grasp.That was all—I have not seen myself since. OSCAR WILDEHIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONSBy FRANK HARRISFrank Harris (Publisher) A3 Washington Square,^eiv York City.Sir:—Enclosed please find $ —&gt; for which send to theundersigned. copies of the autographed edition ($20.00 per set) ofOscar Wilde, by Frank Harris, and copies of the regular limited edition at$10.00 per set.Name —— —A ddress TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give your standing order for Bruno'*Weekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Tliepresent paper prices are such that it disastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you ha?e missed on the news-stands.\Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches froma two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news-dealer. THE EGOISTAn Individualist ReviewPresent FeaturesLingual Psychology: a series of subtle and illuminatingarticles forking out a new conception of the function ofphilosophic inquiry — by Miss Dora Marsden (started inJuly number).Literary criticism, reviews and other prose articles.Paris chronicle and a series of articles on modern Frenchprose writers by Madame Ciotkowska.Dialogues of Fontenelle translated by M. Ezra Pound(started in May number).Tarr, a brilliant modern novel by W. Wyndham LewisMeaden of the English "Vorticist" group (started in Aprilnumber).Poems by young English and American poets — mostlybelonging to the Imagist group.Published MonthlyPrice — Fifteen cents a numberYearly subscription, one dollar sixty centsOakley House, Bloomsbury Street,London, W. C. Next issue of Bruno's Weekly will containFRANK HARRIS AS MAGAZINE EDITORAn intimate visit to the workshop of one of the greatest writers in the English language; whohappens to live in Washington Square, the capitol of Greenwich Village. l&gt;CtMUSHROOMS By Alfred Kreymborg75 Cents PostpaidBruno's Weekly,lnc. 58 Washington Square " ieUyour Authors, books dre nowsD stale.Thai penny His?ries make a better sale *NICHOLAS BRETON,(Slightly altered)From an Old English Chap Book . Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the pasttwenty-five years. ;Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents. \Write for catalogue and send one one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from apublic grave digger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Square, New York City RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,lor for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. R. EDERHEIMER PRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED What great authors think of marriage.Ibsen, Bernhard Shaw, Max Nordau, Tolstoy, H.G. Wells. Will the home survive?A unique book of 250 pages, bound in cloth,fifty-five cents postpaid.The Evolution of Modern Orchestration.It is not only a valuable reference book for amusician but a little journey to the homes ofmusicans and composers of the world for a layman.Published by the MacMillan Company, royal quarto,bound in cloth, 280 pages.One dollar five cents; sent anywhere.BRESLOW'S BOOK STORE123 East 23rd Street 14 Stories by Maupassant,For 25 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan Introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations in colorby Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff dark greenpaper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) New York,M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems; Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books. American Thumb PrintsMettle of Our Men and Women;Sketches of American Woman;This book was published by J. B. Lippincott Co., isbound in cloth, 55 cents postpaid.The Pleasures of Literature and theSolace of Books with introductionBy Andrew LangA choice book for the booklover and book-hunter.55 cents postpaid.FRANK BENDER, 128 Fourth Ave. MONSIEURD'EN BROCHETTE BeingAn Historical Account of Some of theAdventures of Huevos Pasada Par Agua,Marquis of Pollio Grille, Count of Patede Fbie Gras, and Much Else Besides.BYBert Leston TaylorArthur Hamilton FolwellandJohn Kendrick BangsIllustrated by Frank A. Nankivell NEW YORKMC M VKEPPLER &amp; SCHWARZMANN50 CENTS POSTPAIDHARRY STONE137 Fourth Ave. New York VOLUME IIBRUNO'S WEEKLYBound in white linen clothTWO DOLLARS, postpaid ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—M#&gt;thwGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquethings to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Ave.N. 7. C. Phone Spring 23The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every Afteifrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Squas*"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More"You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger.n$1.45and$1,95WEARMILAN'S HATSMade in ItalyBest in the WorldBleeker StreetNear West BroadwayNew YorkCIRCULATING LIBRARY OF FRENCH NOVELSEUREKA BOOK SHOP15 Bible Housev..Astor Place, Cor. 3rd Ave., New York.Facing Cooper UnionBooklovers and Collectors Are WelcomeBeing a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenue inDetroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison.I Va¥.'IV-&amp;■^1?gy®\v■..-S-Harrison Fisher: $7.50&amp;i r^-S.yj$6.00y, *-:&lt;;&gt;r i/.sW■wr?vd&lt;§?r"£g»sa*?■}torrrT*fHAUjtcrJlwidnjKe /*ovKg/vf&lt; :S£SJVX\sg£?KS?; ■""• jjfaus r;Birch: $12.00$5.00SIXTY THOUSAND ORIGINALDRAWINGS OF AMERICANILLUSTRATORSRose O'Neil, Opper, Harrison Fisher, Barton, CasselPughes, Hassmann, Crawford, and Many OtherAmerican and Foreign Illustrators Whose DrawingsHave Appeared in the Foremost American IllustratedMagazines from 1880 up to Datey HAVE purchased the original drawings and1 paintings which you have seen reproduced onthe pages of Puck and other prominent periodicalsduring the last thirty-six years. They are a splendidcollection of the early work and of the best workof America's foremost artists. They show theevolution of the American comic paper from itsinfancy to its present standard as well as the in-dividual evolution of the artists. They are anunique kaleidoscope of the manifold interests ofpublic opinion during the last two score years.There is the period where New York with its cease-less building underground, overground and on thesurface was the target of constant banter. Thereare the political cartoons, a conclusive demonstra-tion why Cleveland or Roosevelt or Taft had to beelected and why Bryan and Roosevelt weredefeated.RARELY will there be an opportunity again topurchase these originals, welcome in the den,in the library of a private home, and appropriateon the walls of public libraries, of museums and ofpublic schools, at such low prices as I am offeringthem now. Many are priced as low as twenty-fivecents. Only a few are marked higher than tendollars.You are invited to call at my store and view thecollection leisurely or inquire about the work ofillustrators you like. I will gladly quote youpictures and prices.HARRY STONE,BOOKS and DRAWINGS137 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORKFor Three Dollars I will send you post-paid Ten Original Drawings of American Illustrators.