The mask 10 1 January 1924 naau_1924-01_01 The mask 10 1 FOREWORD AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY. J. S cre 1-4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 A STAGE SCENE: AN EIGHTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN OF THE ITALIAN SCHOOL. The original drawing in pen and ink was and is preserved at the Victoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. Numbered 2266, It is attributed to the Galli Family (ie: Bibiena). It is from the Collection of Sir Thomas Lawrence R. A, We should not say it was by any of the Family Galli, but rather by some one later: possibly Gonzaga (1750 ? – 1831). Compare with Tav. LVII "La Scenografia" (Ferrari). Plate 2. Illustration 5 TOWARDS UNITY. AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY. J. S cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 7 PERPETUAL MOTION. ALAN NOBLE MONKHOUSE cre 8-11 THE MASK'S CREED. REPRINTED ONCE MORE TO MAKE QUITE SURE. GORDON CRAIG cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 SOTTOVOCE. SOME SIDE NOTES ON A LEADING ARTICLE . 9-11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 FOR PLAIN PEOPLE. SOME COMMENTS ON MR. MONKHOUSE'S ARTICLE, GORDON CRAIG cre 12-18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 THE ART OF THE THEATRE. 18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 A DEFINITION. 18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 VUE DES RESTES DU THEATRE DE MARCELLUS SUR LA PEACE MONTANARA A ROME. From "Description du Thèâtre de Marcellus à Rome "by A. L. T. Vandeyer (Paris) 1812. Born in 1756, at twenty-seven years old in 1783 he wins the Grand Prix de Rome and in 1786 he is in Rome and designs and engraves eight plates showing this Theatre and his own idea of its original state. Illustration 19 ACCA: A NEW STAGE LANGUAGE. AUTHOR OF "FILMS" cre 21-23; 25 Heads exquisitely made. Not so comic as our Westerners too often seem to think necessary. Illustration 23 An interesting framework for a Puppet, Japan. Modern. JAPANESE PUPPETS. Plate 3. Illustration 23 THREE REFLECTIONS. 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 MORE NOTES ON A JOURNEY. FRANÇOIS M. FLORIAN cre 26-29 ON GETTING TO PARIS. F. M. F cre 29-30 Untitled Image Illustration 30 CHARLES VARLET DE LA GRANGE. 1640-1692. 30 LONDON AND COTTON WOOL. WITH A PROTEST AGAINST IMPROVISATION IN THE THEATRE HENRY PHIPS cre 31-32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 THE LAST FOG OF REALISM JAN KLAASSEN cre 32-34 TO THE REALISTS OF 1810. TO THE ACCUSER WHO IS THE GOD OF THE WORLD. Victor Hugo, (William Shakespeare cre 34 A NOTE ON THE POSTER. Page 33. M. B cre 34 THEN AND NOW. 1723-1923. GEORGES DEVOTO cre 34-36 ANNOUNCEMENT OF A PERFORMANCE AT THE TEATRO MALVEZZI, BOLOGNA IN 1742, With Scenery designed by Giuseppe Galli Bibiena . A rare Poster on white handmade paper measuring about 52 inches by 40 inches, for a performance remarkable for several reasons. (see Note page 32) Illustration 35 PISPISPIGLORIO. 36 SICILIAN PUPPETS. The eye of the spectator is not fastidious, so no very great thought is given to appearances. Plate 4. Illustration 37 BOOK REVIEWS 39-41 Untitled Image Illustration 39 SHAKESPEARE'S FELLOWS by 39 DRAMA, MUSIC-DRAMA, AND 39 THE LIFE AND DEA TH OF SIR 39 THE DRAMA AND THE STAGE 39 GREEN ROOM GOSSIP by 39 OPERA SYNOPSES, by J. Walker 39 CONFESSIONS OF AN OPERA 39 by John Cournos. Wm 39-40 A VALUABLE CATALOGUE, (a) 40 DAS INDISCHE DRAMA by Slen 40 A HISTORY OF ART by Dr. G. 40 POUR MESURE par 40 CATALOGO DEL MUSEO 40-41 FASCISM by Odon Por, Translated 41 \ 41 MUSIC IN SPAIN by Carl Van 41 HET TONEEL DECOR by J. W. 41 WHAT THE BUTLER SAW, by 41 MAH JONG by Etienne. Methuen : 41 BOOK NOTES. 41 "PLAYWRIGHTS ON 41 o " WHO'S WHO AT SEA o 41 THE PENNY GAFF. 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 LONDON PARTICULAR G. C cre 42 ATTENTION! 42 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR JANUARY 1924 43-44 Untitled Image Illustration 43 MR GORDON CRAIG &amp; AMERICA. Yours sincerely, Gordon Craig cre 43 PRE-RAPHAELITE OPERA. Faithfully R. T. Vade cre 43 MODERN ENGLISH SOCIETY COMEDY. 43 Sir: Faithfully, Benjamin Rossen cre 43 Sir: Faithfully T. Kempees cre 43 THE ROMAN MARIONNETTES. 43-44 Sir: Yours, John H. Benton cre 43 Sir: Faithfully, Mabel Dobson cre 44 INCORRECT. EDITOR cre 44-45 Untitled Image Illustration 44 BOOKS 44 JOURNALS. 44-45 A QUESTION OF AGE. E. G. C cre 44 MR HUNTLY CARTER &amp; M. TAIROFF. 45 TWO MORE ERRORS. 45 FOREIGN NOTES. 46 Untitled Image Illustration 46 PARIS. A. C cre 46 WIEN. R. S cre 46 MILANO. D. N. L cre 46 NEW YORK. C. T cre 46 EDITORIAL NOTES. 47-50 Untitled Image Illustration 47 LANGUAGE AND OPERA. 47 MADAME DUSE IN AMERICA. 47 SUBSTITUTES FOR WORDS. 47 A CRITICISM CRITICISED. 47 CURSED H E B O N A 47-48 a OLD PLAY BILLS. o 48 THERE WERE GIANTS 48 ON A LONDON CRITIC. 49 THE R. A. D. A., LONDON. 49-50 ON AN ITALIAN THEATRE 50 NO T I C E 50 o ANNOUNCEMENT, o 50 AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. 50 TO ALL OUR READERS. J. S cre 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 The Mask1908 1924 .4E MASK924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 All Rights reserved. January 1924.Gerente responsabile Ferdinando BaggianiTipografia Giuntina, Firenze. FOREWORD AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY. J. S. IN many a volume these past years " The Mask " hasr attacked those people and tendencies which werebaulking the advance of the English Stage.It did not set out to do so before it had first madevery sure as to what these people and tendencies were,and how they went against the best traditions of theTheatre.But it was not only to the English Stage that weaddressed ourselves; it was also to other Theatres in otherlands. And since 1908, when our first volume appeared,there is scarcely a Theatre which has not written to usthanking us for our work, scarcely a dramatist or performerbut has shown us how well it is acknowledged that ourwork has not been thrown away. Nearly all have realizedour direction to be the right one, and for this we arevery grateful to them, and proud to continue to be ofservice so long as they continue to encourage us.The English Theatre has been considerably less cordial than it might have been, and for this reason: areason best illustrated by the following example.Suppose, only suppose, us to have asserted that actorsshould always use Masks and never show their real faces.No foreign actor has ever considered such an assertionto imply a personal insult, an impossibility, or a preposterousnotion. To the foreign actor the question of "to maskor not to mask " has been a topic of eager or indifferentconversation for a century or longer. But mention a maskin England, and stage and critical agitation sets in.Again, mention " Improwisation " and Britain oncemore becomes troubled.... mention anything with which we are not veryfamiliar familiar to boredom and up bristles anutterly needless animosity to what other lands consider quitepossible and possibly well worth while.And so it comes to pass that the other lands havebenefitted by those little suggestions, mostly derived fromancient sources, we have from time to time put forward,whereas England has not benefitted.We printed our journal in English and others thanthose of the English tongue took the trouble to read us.The foreigner has not that chronic antipathy to a newsuggestion which seems to possess theatrical groups ofpeople in England, who, having protested, more than oftengo quickly round the corner and sell the new suggestionfor money.Your foreigner has liked or disliked our suggestions:has used or rejected them : has sold them or has exchangedthem with us for some kind word: but he has never" deplored " with comic indignation our daring to occupyourselves with a matter that concerned us, and our venturingto suggest improvements. From the North, from Holland, Germany and Russia,all sorts of vibrating messages of good-will have come.But, even more and better, good understanding.From the centre, Switzerland, all kinds of friendlinessand often assistence.From France precious words of help.From Italy, unceasing encouragement and appreciation.From Japan interest and good will.And of course from America.From all those Theatres which one calls the mostadvanced (a) has come a friendliness such as the EnglishTheatre seems unable either to formulate or pronounce possibly not feeling at all friendlily.In England there are half a dozen theatres of thiskind, only considerably less active than those on the Con- tinent. One of the things they have shelved as unneces- sary has been to send to us the good word to whichwe refer. Not one English Company has sent us its goodwishes through its Director: many Foreign Theatres havedone so.And if anyone takes the trouble to look through" The Mask " he will see that our whole attitude has beenone of outstretched hands to the more advanced and morewide-awake Theatres of our own Land.It can be seen that we were turned towards thesetheatres looking for some sign of friendly cooperation._ ▼ /&gt; ' _ 1 iNot one sign of any such good will from them hasreached us.Let them accordingly blame themselves but not us■— if we begin to wonder if we have not made a mistakein imagining they are advancing at all. Well, you, our friends in France, in Holland, inSwitzerland, in Italy, in Russia, Germany and America,you at any rate are not tongue-tied: possess large-heartedunderstanding of what constitutes human endeavour.... and;we welcome this opportunity to salute you from afar andto say that even when seeming most critical we are everconscious of your friendliness to us, and are ever friendly to you. i mAnd greetings, too, to our friends in England, ...to thepoets, poet-dramatists, painters, writers, architects, musiciansand our other readers.As you know well, we have not stood for your an- nexation of the Theatre; indeed, we have been at timespossibly a little too blunt in saying that only Theatre mencould legitimately claim to guide the development of theTheatre.This has not offended you, ...you are who you are. IAnd we are not at all sure that we may not beforevery long be looking to you to do the work which all theworld has looked to our English theatre men to do, and, till now, has looked in vain. (a) Even the word advanced is jeered at in England, as though to advance were not the aim of everyoneand everything. A STAGE SCENE: AN EIGHTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN OF THE ITALIAN SCHOOL.The original drawing in pen and ink was and is preserved at theVictoria and Albert Museum, South Kensington. Numbered 2266,It is attributed to the Galli Family (ie: Bibiena).It is from the Collection of Sir Thomas Lawrence R. A,We should not say it was by any of the Family Galli, but rather by someone later: possibly Gonzaga (1750 ? - 1831). Compare with Tav. LVII"La Scenografia" (Ferrari). Plate 2. TOWARDS UNITY. AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY. J. S. The following article by Mr Monkhouse (b. 1858) isreprinted by his hind permission from The Man- chester Guardian " of April 6th 1923.No one needs to be reminded that Mr isone of the foremost Dramatic Critics of Greata novelist and play-Writer of no mean order. His Clubbeing the Dramatists of which Sir Arthur Pinero 1855)is the President, and doubtless Mr Jones {b. 1851) andSir James Barrie (b. 1860) members, it is all the moredelightful that this, as so many of his articles on thingsDramatic, shines with the good sun of toleration: (malicious will mutter "condescension and it is healthyin the malicious to mutter). Mr . we mustremember, belongs to no "Old School ", but he is,with Pinero, Jones and most of the riper play-writers, afew years older than the members of the New Movement.In every age youth, when it feels like it, should dashahead and the youth in the New Movement felt likeit: no harm in that. In dashing ahead youth is aptto be a little rough how else would it clear the ditchesand hedges which the age goes on digging and plan- ting. It is apt to forget the very little ordinary factthat after all your elders, if not your betters, are yourelders. And when your elders have the advantage of some fifteen to twenty-two years of you and yet remain asyoung as you are, your young men are apt to decide onan immediate spurt. Over they go. Some tumble andpick up again.... some speed far ahead ....anyhow ongoes the race. And it is exceptionally delightful tofind Mr Monkhouse with us all, though of course hecannot subscribe to every one of our dash-aheadsuggestions.We would like to see many more with us in thesame sense; and we hope it is not all our fault thatour big group has lacked their pleasant and honourable presence so long. Continued on Page 6. PERPETUAL MOTION. BY ALAN NOBLE MONKHOUSE. m SOME plain people who like good plays mustbe getting a little puzzled over this talkabout presentation and representation, symbolismand expression, and would like to understandmore about the New Movement. It seems thatat various stages of the drama's history its ele- ments get out of proportion to one another;the author may be the person of chief importance,or the actor, or even the producer. The pro- ducer is getting something of an innings now,and the literary man is invited to take a wideview, to recognize production as a great art,,scenery as at least as important as the " literaryfragment ", and " realism "as obsolete. Poorliterature ! Poor literary dramatists! They hadthought that with the growth of interest indrama they were going to have a chance atlast. The repertory theatre brought a little mildenthusiasm for them, but repertory proved to bean uphill job, and was almost effaced by thewar. Certainly it gave to Manchester the most interesting phase of the theatre it has ever had,and in Birmingham and elsewhere it is stillalive. But I fancy that, moving with the times, thepresent repertory theatres are a little shy of themodern prose play.* It is no new experience for the author tobe slighted. I read the other day a story byMr. Booth Tarkington about a play which wasconceived and written as a study in egoism.The great actor who was to play the chiefpart, however, preferred nobility, and so the partbecame nobler and nobler till it was completelyturned round. The author was told that he wasquite mistaken in imagining that what he hadwritten was a play. " A play isn't somethingyou read; it's something actors do on a stage;and they can't afford to do it unless the publicpays to watch 'em. If it won't buy ticketsyou haven't got a play; you've only got sometypewriting ". There we are! Our efforts arereduced to some typewriting. Mr Tarkington'sactor thought, too, that he would like to playSt. Paul in silver armour: " Play it as a spi- ritual character, but not solemn.... Have thewhole play spiritual but light ". Evidently hehad the notion. St. Paul in silver armour,clearly, is not representational, not realistic. YetMr. Tarkington, whose tale was written a de- cade ago, appears to think that the phase hedescribes is obsolete. The difference is thatthe actor-manager he describes was a blatantcreature whom we may scorn; the later enemyto the literary dramatist's peace is a cultivatedman with all the arts at his finger-ends and theproportions all right. Perhaps the " literary- minded critics " have thought too much of lite- rature, and now they are nervous and puzzledas to what the New Movement is up to. Isthe art of the dramatist to be lonely work no longer? Will first-rate dramatists submit to col- laboration? Is a play to be the production ofvarious artists working together in harmony (likethe contributors to a musical comedy) or of onemasterful person with a smattering of all thearts? Must the dramatist of the future be adeptat music, painting, lighting, architecture, furniture,dancing ? It would narrow the field considerably.And already a good-deal has been done in collabo- ration. Big actor-managers have often insistedon it, and their simple method was to bullyauthors into accepting their cuts or their addi- tions. Those who would , have their work onthe stage can hardly be adamantine in theiregoism. For instance, Gilbert and Sullivan madea success of their work, and though, I suppose,Sullivan was the man of genius and Gilbertonly a man of talent, the latter must have directedthe course of the enterprise. An* two men rideof a horse, one must ride behind, and the dra- matist wants to know which it will be. Someof the repertory producers were almost touchinglyreverential towards the dramatist's scrip; buthow is it to be with the super-producer? I don'tknow. We must wait and see. The awfulmistake would be to permit it to get about thatsome of us think New Movements must besimply rubbish, and that Mr Gordon Craig, forinstance, is negligible. Every sensible personagrees that he is not, and it is notable thathe has often had a good word for theatricalenterprise that is hardly within his own scope.Doubtless there is a New Movement, butit isn't always easy to distinguish its manifesta- tions from those of the old. That the theatreis not simply a matter of words is clear toanybody who has been even to a modern panto- mime. The transformation scene may sometimesbe garish, but put it into the hands of a man of genius! I confess that, though I used to findit splendid, I preferred the words 44 Here weare again ". And, indeed, the New Movementpeople will make a great mistake if they under- value words. It is words that last whenactors are in their graves and pageants leavenot a wrack behind. And it would be a mis- take, too, to think that there is no vitality leftin the modern prose play. The majority ofintelligent people who go to the theatre preferit to any other, though they may constantly be tryingto like sorts which they think will do them good.What we want is good plays ; it hardly matterswhat sort. Let us take innovation in a friendlyspirit, the spirit of pragmatism. Let us have poe- tical plays, fantastic plays, plays in which the set- ting is something more than a stale convention.Let us have symbolic plays, always rememberingthat few people are ready to follow far alongthe route of symbolism. Perhaps the symbolistswill slip in their essentials while they capturetheir public by pageantry, and we may rememberthat Shakespeare foisted his poetry upon the worldby means of old melo dramas and hackneyed stories.We are told that words have been of lessaccount in the theatre than many of us suppose,but one has a good deal of confidence in words.It is for us to 44 keep the young generation inhail but the writer of plays certainly wouldnot be content to provide the libretto for abackground. Perhaps this isn't putting it quitefairly. Those of us who are provided only with44 some typewriting " would be sorry to be ruled out,but if a great change is coming I don't think it willcome quickly. In the meantime we must try to besympathetic and understanding to anything newand strange. And it might be amusing to seehow a producer got on with a team of rampantegoists who all insisted on presenting themselves. (1) It Was Mr Craig who drew our attention to this article and wroteMr Monkhouse that he would like to make some comments on it. Thesecomments, " For Plain People " follow this article. THE MASK'S CREED.REPRINTED ONCE MORETO MAKE QUITE SURE. GORDON CRAIG. NEED THE MASK make anyprotestations of faith this year ?M.You know its beliefs. Do you thinkthey will change today ?... Why shouldthey ?Nothing is more easy than that itshould remain staunch to its Cause.It is a Cause which, when it bearsfruit, will bring a little benefit toeverybody.But as that Cause is always beingmisrepresented and belittled by thosecurious folk who seem to want theworld to stand still so that they maymake a remark and ten per cent, letus once more rehearse the Creed.q THE MASK BELIEVES in TheTheatre and in!; The Drama whetherwritten, acted, sung or spoken.q THE MASK BELIEVES m it all.q THE MASK BELIEVES in theActor and in the Actress.qIT BELIEVES in the Marion- nettes and in Masks,q IT BELIEVES in Sceneries andMusics and in Dancing, in Dancers,Musicians, Scenographers and Dra- matists,q BELIEVES in every blessed orcursed ever was, is or shallbe in The Theatre.... if Theatrical.q BELIEVES in The Theatre ofEurope and; in the Theatre of Ame- rica. Not alone in one local Thea- trical group.$1 BELIEVES in, and venerates, thegreat Asiatic Theatre.q IT BELIEVES in the FUTUREOF THE THEATRE.... not alonein the future of a phase of the Lon- don, Paris, or Honolulo Theatre, butin]; the whole.q IT LOVES AND ADORES allthat can be called The Theatre.q IT IS ENTRANCED by the -Thea- trical. " Which some day is to be- come the Theatrical without invertedcommas.IT LOVES the dust and the ragsand the paint and the daub and dirtof the Old Theatre its ancient5me11.,., its strange air.... its queerways.... ALL.HOW SHOULD - THE MASK "NOT LOVE IT ALL ?q As for those who misrepresent THEMASK, tell them from me that W9know our own Mother, and what sheexpects of us, and that no one butshe shall dictate to us our duty.q THE THEATRE is our Mother.Its arms encircle the Globe. It is not Parochial,... not hypocritical.... not pa- thetic.... not pious.... not puffed up....starched or spotless. Not a piece ofVirtue without any goodness, butHuman.Its faults become ours.Do you suppose we shall not lovethese faults.... What?Or do you suppose either that weshall tolerate them in ourselves forlong*... What ?If our Home is not quite as perfectas that of the other Muses it can be....and so it shall be.Give us time to put it in betterorder....Give us bricks to build the founda- tions of a new one.Send no more incompetents to ouraid. .. send no more advice, no moreweak-kneed patrons.... send us moresolid assistance if you wi11.... reliablemen and enough money...4, we needboth.And help us by routing misrepre- sentation.q YOU, OUR READERS ANDENCOURAGERS, nail the lies to thedoors of the liars...,The Tarradiddle that we want noDrama.The Yarn that we want nothing butScenery.The Whopper that we despise theActor.... that we wish to glorify theProducer 0n1y.... that our theories arerash innovations, are not based uponthe oldest and best traditions.... Andthat special fib of the fib-mongers, thatwe are exclusive, that we want a pre- cious Theatre de Luxe.... nail it up ! !We exclude nothing except the non-Dramatic.... the non-Theatrical; andthe great traditions we reverence.We include all and every goodform of Theatre in our Programme,we do not exclude the worst : alreadywe have changed some of the worsttheatres into good ones.So Trace the lies up and down thecities to the housedoors of the liarsand nail them there. Do that part ofthe work for us and we will dothe rest.q. And say besides that it was I whoasked you to do so on behalf of THEMASK and the Dramatic Genius of the World. SOTTOVOCE. SOME SIDE NOTES ONA LEADING ARTICLE . n The awful mistake would be topermit it to get about that some of usthink New Movements must be simplyrubbish and that Mr. Gordon Craig, forinstance, is negligible n. (Monkhouse).IT would be a still graver mistake ifit were allowed to get about thatwe cannot reverence the true dramaticwriter and value his presence in ourtheatres.As grave an error as it would beto dream that we can confound thetrue dramatic writers with the falseones.Our first test of a play is, can itact ? But our second test (and it isno slight one either) is the quality ofthe material,—the way it is made—the style. If it show the signs ofhaving been made to suit a cheaptaste, pandering to a narrow-minded,narrow-hearted section of the public,we find it bad. If its subject is pettyand its treatment as petty when judgedby the highest English standards wefind it bad.The truth which cannot be avoidedis that we have a very great Englishstandard.SHAKESPEARE and the Eliza- bethans.SHERIDAN and the Georgians.Our moderns are not so behindhandwhen we consider that the whole raceof Dramatic authors has been tieddown for some hundred years—tiedup—-gagged, and then told, You arefree, gentlemen ; express —yourselves....The poets have expressed them- selves. Perhaps their noble muse founda way to penetrate the place intowhich the more pedestrian muse wasunable to pass.But the prose dramatic writers havenot quite found their old voice.It was a hard thing to laugh gailyand cry 41 all's well in a world ren- dered obscure as a dungeon—cold asstone;—in a world where the ma- chine up to now has not either justi- fied its existence or rendered us a jotmore human.So the prose dramatists chatted overit with us in our drawing-room plushytheatres and did what they thoughtwas best.Perhaps it was not possible for themto lead their audiences—so may-be itwas just as well to talk it over —agreeing — arguing — putting problems new to the new race but old anddone with by the race gone by.All this may be so :But we must go on. The Theatremust advance or slip back down theslope. It must even offend the newrace by its attitude, laugh the stallsand dress-circle out of themselves—orrather out of the mood which theage has forced these two groups toput" on.Indeed we can reverence the truedramatic prose writer—and we awaithis coming among the poets." The man of genius.'* (Monkhouse).*PERHAPS the fact that discrimi- nation in regard to genius, andrespect for it, is less usual in Englandthan in other lands, helps to explainsome of our Theatre as well as ourother deficiencies.MR Thomas Kelly, wandering thissummer in England, came to thevillage of Somersby where Tennysonlived and wrote.There he met with a man on theroad " who leaned against a white gateacross which was hung a bundle ofrabbits He talked awhile of Ten- nyson, ending up with " what good ispoetry, Mister? You'd may-be writeit yourself, but what I want to knowis this. Can any poet tell me why Ican get but ten-pence a pair forthem rabbits as'll be sold in Grimsbytomorrow for one-and-six each ? Canany poet explain that for me? "Now in Italy (may-be in otherlands) if you speak of a poet and hisverse to a peasant, or to a commercialtraveller, to the average man, he willrise to the theme, not drag it down tothe meaner level of one-and-six.Dante, or Carducci, or D'Annunzio,is "un uomo di genio " " a man ofgenius ".I asked a quite ordinary traveller ina train who was reading in the paperof a speech D'Annunzio had just madein Roma, whether the poet had saidanything sensible. In a grave plainface his eye moved with fire as heanswered me without any other gestureat all, " Of course; he is a man of ge- nius "; and he said this as who shouldsay " How could he not speak withthe truest sense, for a man who hasgenius can but utter the nearest thing totruth ". In Italy your ordinary manutters the word genius now and againwithout feeling he has to apologize,ahd without the awkward habitualcough.It may be that one reason why wehave no National Theatre in England is because one-and-sixpence haunts usas it haunted the rabbit man. NorShakespeare for us nor Tennysonfor him till they can answer theriddle of how to sell rabbits at a bigprofit and make a National TheatrepayNational Folly !44 When pageants leave not a wrackbehind. " (MonkJhouse).THIS line in Mr tMonkhouse*s ablearticle on the New Movementhelps as a reminder that there is hardlyanything which abides. If Pageantspass the swiftest may-be some menand women will say 44 He made histhings not to last—not for people oftomorrow—only for us, " and learn toappreciate this.—who knows.But there is another possibility.Inigo Jones's pageant-like works areshortly to be published by the Wal- pole Society in London, Made from1604 to 1640, they seem to havesurvived fairly well for close upon threehundred years.May be it is because of some moreor less permanent excellence in thedesigns that these survive. And maynot some young fellow of tomorrowdo his work so well—writing it downand drawing it in—that in three hun- dred years from now there will bemen and women who care to say44 He made these things well—let ustake care of them ".44 The Spirit of Pragmatism.(Monkhouse).WORDS are very often difficult,it has to be admitted. Thisword Pragmatism, for example. Notusing it in my speech or writings Ilooked it up in the Oxford Dictionary—the concise one of 1911. There Ifind this tale : ;Pragmatism, n. Officiousnesspedantry ; matter-of-fact treatment ofthings; (Philos,) doctrine that esti- mates any assertion solely by its practicalbearing upon human interests.Since reading this I have not daredto look up the word 44 yes " lest Imight find that it also means 44 no. " FOR PLAINPEOPLE. SOME COMMENTSON MR. MONKHOUSE'SARTICLE, BY GORDON CRAIG. AS The Mask goes to Roma, Moscow,New York, California and Japan,let me state before I write these Notesthat it is felt that they can only interestreaders in England. Our friends abroadwill remember that England is entirelysurrounded by water, and things such asideas take a long time reaching us in En- gland : for we were born obstinate—andit can't be helped. I am as obstinate asmy fellow Englishmen—perhaps a littlemore so—and to an Italian or a Musco- vite this must seem strange and a littlepreposterous. Well, everyone has his owntroubles ; so, if you be good Europeans,bear with ours. It will all come rightbefore long. " Some plain people who like good" plays must be getting a little puzzled*' over this talk about presentation and re- presentation, symbolism and expression" and would like to understand more" about the New Movement(A. N. MONKHOUSE).It is significant that the author of" Perpetual Motion " should proclaim thatit is words which are at the root ofthis bad business of having puzzled plainpeople.If words are quite all that the world hasclaimed for them these many centuries they should puzzle no one. The four wordswhich are puzzling the plain people (andI may admit I claim to be one of thesein that they puzzle me too) are " pre- sentation ", " representation ", " symbo- lism and " expression There isno harm in the things themselves; it'sonly the words which are puzzling, andthe talk which gathers around these things.But what is perfectly clear to understandis Mr. Monkhouse and this first sentenceof his, " Some plain people would like tounderstand more about the New Move- ment ". Good for words this time.I don't know whether I am sufficientauthority to speak about this. Iso liketo feel that I am sufficient to practise it.I find that comes easily.... like walkingor eating. But unfortunately, in a book,one cannot show the New Movement.One is limited to speaking about it, andas many have quite rightly said, speechis not my forte. I have tried to expressby means of words in a few books, whatI have felt about the Theatre, seen in theTheatre, and, sometimes, done in theTheatre ; but I have never felt that mywords succeeded because I have had a toohigh standard before me. I have had anactual model always before me, which Ihave been unable to follow.That model is simply another book:" Scientific Ideas of To-day ", by CharlesR. Gibson. It seems to have been writ- ten some time before 1909, and waspublished in that year. It purposes tobe a popular account of the nature ofMathematics, Electricity, Light, Heat, etcin non-technical terms. Three editions ofit came out in one year alone ; and Ihear that six editions have now beenpublished. \ln his preface the author statesthat he " endeavours to explain the scien- tific facts of to-day without using languagebeyond the reach of any reader ; and that his explanation demands no previous know- ledge of science whatever and no acquain- tance with mathematics He then gives" A. WARNING " which is short andprinted on a page by itself 4 4 Do not readChapter Two before you have understoodthe whole of Chapter One He addsthat it becomes very simple as you goon, each chapter leading to the succee- ding one like easy stepping stones acrossa wide river.This book by Mr Gibson may bevery simple. I was never able to proceedbeyond Chapter Two. Please do notsuspect me of irony. This is a directstatement of fact made in all respect forthe wonders of Science, and this won- derful little book. Two chapters sufficedme. I understood them .... liked them ....but could not go on.You may say I am not very wellequipped in brains if 1 cannot get be- yond Chapter Two, but I must remindyou quite candidly that 1 am one of theplain people puzzled over this talk aboutmolecules, diffusion, cohesion, and chemicalaffinity. And not only puzzled;—ama-zed—alarmed, but anyhow held spell- bound.&gt; And, 1 flatter myself, I am in oneother way like Mr. Monkhouse ; I preferto feel content not to quite comprehendthis new thing, this science, .... not toknow more, as he is happier to feel con- tent without entirely understanding the44 New Movement " in Art. Because Ibelieve we would both rather do thatthan risk losing something that is beforeus, and risk losing our peace of mindwhich is with us now. Mr. Monkhouse'squestion is 44 Why shouldn't we have aNew Movement? " Just as I, looking atmy scientific book and seeing Chapter 24on 44 What is Gravitation?reply tomyself (though I have not passed Chapter 2) 44 Whv not Gravitation ?" I know nomore about it than Mr Monkhouse knowsabout the New Movement and Presen- tation and Symbolism. 1 do not meanthis rudely. I mean that he feels welltowards it without knowing it. And thegist of what I want to say is that noneof us can know it so well as the superiorpeople (ie: the Idle) suppose. Let the su- perior people know and other superiorpeople disbelieve and let us remain in ourignorance without doubting that it exists.We believe right enough. It is only scep- ticism, a disbelief of all things beyondour power to understand immediately,which robs us of too many a good thing.And it is because Mr. Monkhouseshows no scepticism whatever that 1 canlisten as he speaks to us about thesethings.Mr. Monkhouse opens the ball bysaying that it seems 44 the producer isgetting something of an innings now, andthe literary man is invited to a wideview, to recognize production as a greatart, scenery as at least as important as the44 literary fragment and 44 realism "asobsolete. Poor literature Poor literarydramatists !They had thought that withthe growth of interest in drama they weregoing to have a chance at last ".As you know, (or may not know) ithas been the custom in our land (and inmost other lands) for our evening's enter- tainment, be it what it may, to be pre- pared for us in the following manner. Theman who is going to give the entertain- ment, to do most of the work, to haveall the responsibility, and to get the mostmoney for it, is usually called the managerof the theatre. Very often that manageris a gentleman with his thoughts entirelygiven to making as much money as hereasonably can and a certain ambition todo well. If he be an actor, he has a doublewish. It is to enjoy himself while ma- king as much money as he can. Toenjoy a first sensation of appearing, a se- cond sensation of holding a mass of peopleunder his. sway, a third sensation of exhi- biting his faculties, a fourth sensation, thatof realized ambition, and a number ofminor sensations such as that of doing aswell as possible and of doing so at theleast possible expense, of winning the bestopinions and of being a first-class actor.Mr. Monkhouse says, "may be the person of chief importance;or' the actor, or even producerNow, the man who seems to me ofchief importance is none of these, but isthe Manager. Seldom is it that you seean author doing the work of managing atheatre of his own. I say this in no dis- paragement whatever of the author, I mere- ly state it as a fact. Therefore whilewe may say with perfect justice that SirArthur Pinero, because of his intellect,taste, and gifts, is a very much more impor- tant author than, was Sir Augustus Harris,who, as some of you will remember, wasthe manager of Drury Lane Theatre, anda very much more important author thanwas Mr Charles Frohman, whom I think allof you will remember, we have to admit,strange as it may sound, that Harris andFrohman were both more important tothe Theatre and to the audience thanthe greatest of dramatists; for plain peoplecannot wait for the future spite the factthat the words can. ("It is the wordsthat last A. N. MONKHOUSE).For we " plain people " cannot seeor hear the play until Harris and Frohmanmove, unless some actor, as I have saidabove, will undertake the matter of ope- ning a theatre, thus adding an immenseburden to his shoulders.... a burden whicha number of actors carry grandly and gaily. But inasmuch as they accept this heavy,and I think unnecessary, burden, in scmuch must they pay for it with a lossto their power as actors : and their lossis ours.So we see that it is not author, actoror producer, (the three named by Mr.Monkhouse) who is really of prime im- portance. It really is the manager; and afterhim comes the actor, but only when heis manager.Now for the Producer. This is a newname for the office of stage manager.When we plain people go to a theatreall that happens in the front of the houseas it is called where we sit or walk aboutis (good and bad) the work of the ma- nager of the Theatre; the business manager.All that happens on the stage afterthe curtain rises is the work of the pro- ducer, ie: stage manager, or, if he be twopersons, the two are responsible. So wesee the producer or stage manager is se- cond in value. Theatre Manager first,Stage Manager or Producer second. Wearrive at the Theatre and cannot find thebox office easily.... a fault of the manager.We get two stalls ; they creak and arenot comfortable ; second fault of the manager. The auditorium is badly lighted,draughty, and programmes have to becalled for; ....faults of the manager. Afte?the curtain rises three people come in lattand push by us to their seats, ....fault cthe manager. In short, his task is tmake us all comfortable and to providus with all we want when in our seatswhen going to them and leaving them.But it is the producer whom we musthank or blame for the performance. Hiis the responsibility, his must be the authority. If we are interested two or threeminutes after the curtain has risen we mustthank the Producer, not the play-writer.Because the best of plays can bore us straightway unless produced well. It israther like our bread. The wheat, thethreshing, the yeast, the flour, the ovens,the shopman and the delivery may be ofthe very best; all will be rendered uselessand flat if the master-baker is incompe- tent. It is him we have to thank for agood loaf.It stands to reason that the man whocommands the very stage itself, arrangeswhat the actors shall do through thecourse of four or five acts, or what thedancers shall do in the course of a ballet,or the singers and chorus in the courseof an opera, must be a man in a uniqueposition the position in fact. And forsuch a position a capable man is needed.Yet capable as he is, there can be nocomparison whatever between the capableproducer stage manager and the mostcapable play-writer.To illustrate it in a plain and homelyway ; We all have houses, and in ourhouses somebody cooks and somebody laysthe table ; and I think we will be agreedthat, while both are important, it is thecook who does the trick. And so withthe playwriter and the producer. It is,when all is said and done, the play-writerwho does the trick (a).The best of cooks will always be wan- ting to manage you and me, and I don'tknow whether you will agree with me, butI feel that this is out of the question; thehouseholder is sole manager, and so witha theatre; therefore, whoever is theatre holderis the master of the house be he theauthor, producer, actor or anyone.The manager of the Theatre is there- fore the master of it; and at the sametime servant of the public with sufficientlygrave responsibilities towards that public.All others in the theatre, all whose workis brought on to the stage, are the servantsof the public.It should be repeated over and overagain until it is realized, that unless theseservants are obedient to the manager undersuch discipline as the best ships steamunder, and such discipline as every soundbusiness is founded on, a great deal lessthan the best work will be the result.Some of us when we hear the words," discipline " service ", " obedience ",are apt to wince a little.And I can imagine that Sir ArthurPinero, Mr Bourchier, and I myself wouldall three of us wince pretty considerablyif it were proposed to us that we shouldcome to Drury Garden Theatre to be theservants of Sir Thomas Rashy. Goodnessknows why we should feel like that, butwe should. We might not show it. Wemight smile, meet and shake hands, andlisten to Sir T. Rashy's directions andthose of his able lieutenant Mr Codlin,and we might set to work cooking andserving up the banquet that Sir Thomas(with Mr Codlins's assistence) was pre- paring for his clients. And the first-nightof " Heptameron Afternoons " at DruryGarden might go off without a hitch ; andyet I do not think that there would be greatvalue in the work; and thus he, the personwanting the very best that the Theatrehas to offer, would not get the very best.This poor result would be the fruit ofour never having really become the ser- vants of Sir Thomas Rashy. For Ibelieve that the spirit of good service inany united group of closely associated menand women must produce very excellentthings. This is a platitude, is it not ?Why do I speak in terms of wonderment of something which has been proved sincethe world began. Why do I lay suchstress on it? Were it rather more in evi- dence in the theatre I suppose I shouldnot. The lack of it is very plain, andas the plain reason is what we plain peoplewant to get at, it is well to repeat it (c).So now that we are agreed that it isthe manager who is the master and therest of us servants, we can continue toconsider the rest of Mr. Monkhouse'squestions. For one of the charms of hisessay is that it is written almost as a seriesof questions.The chief question that he seems toask is this. Is the literary dramatist, (andhe uses this term) not of greater valuethan the super-producer (he uses this termalso). I must admit that lam not par- ticulary interested in the literary dramatist,but I am far more interested in him thanin the super-producer. Mr. Monkhouse,in the course of his essay, mentions fivenames only, Shakespeare, Booth Tarking- ton, Gilbert, Sullivan, and my own. Icannot see that in giving those five nameshe has cited a single example of a literarydramatist or a super-producer. Still Ialmost fancy I am by implication meantto stand for the super-producer.If I may be allowed to speak of myself for just onemoment and forget myself again immediately, I would askyou to put out of your head that I am anything otherthan an ordinary stage-manager devoted to the wholepurpose of the Theatre and the Drama, an immense admirerof every line of great dramatic writing with a reverencefor that which is behind it, and with but one desire, tosee all actors, play-makers, scenic men and the rest, if theyreverence the Drama and its House, united, without per- sonal interests, to re-establish our English Theatre, puttingthe best brains and spirit to the service of the best directorso that he may serve you, the plain people.I hope that is plain enough.C| As Shakespeare is the only real dra- matist mentioned I find it difficult to understand what Mr. Monkhouse meansin that passage quoted above where hesays that the producer is coming alongand that the literary man is invited totake a wider view and to recognize that" scenery is as important as the literaryfragment " ; and he grieves with the" poor literary dramatists " who thoughtthey were " going to have a chanceat last ". Ido not know what you think,but it seems to me that here our friendMr. Monkhouse is a little offended onbehalf of very successful men play- writers who have had nothing to com- plain of. If he had mentioned some onemodern writer it would have been easierfor plain people to understand exactly thekind of literary dramatist that he meantShakespeare is the only one he mentioned,and Shakespeare admittedly has alwayshad a chance. His name is probably oneof the four best known names in the world,so he has to be ruled out of our talk ifwe are to arrive at some understanding (ebI don't know whether to look onShakespeare as an extraordinary or as a plainman. Was he like us ? I don't feel thatI am at all like him, and I don't supposethat you feel so either. Therefore hecouldn't have been quite a plain man, yethis service was what we call plain asa pike staff. I take it he was a poet,first and last ; and I would suggest thatthere are more poetic than dramaticlines in his plays if they be counted ; hisdramatic figures seem often to wade withdifficulty through that which we call the "poetry**. They can be theatrical enough attimes too— even stagey— and Shakespeareis not above blundering. He is anythingbut the perfect workman and we mustnot forget that his plays are not veryoften seen on the English stage.Therefore as Mr. Monkhouse namesnone of his literary dramatists, and as wewant to work along plain lines and havename:, dates, and facts, he forces us tosuppose people. This makes things ratherdifficult for us. We have to imaginewho those poor literary dramatists of hisare. As there is no help for it, ~ let usin a friendly spirit make some guesses.I am going to guess the name Monkhousefirst. I am going to add the name ofMasefield next; —and wind up with thename Barrie. Here are three writers ofplays: little known, better known, bestknown : little chance, more chance, mostchance. Of these literary dramatists, Mr.Monkhouse has this to say : "first-rate dramatists submit toIs a play to be the production of variousartists wording together in harmony (likecontributors to a musical comedy) or ofone masterful person with a smattering ofall the arts ? Must the dramatist of thefuture be adept at music, lighting,architecture, furniture, dancing ? He thenadds later on : "But the writer of playscertainly would not be content to providethe libretto for a background ". And hethen adds quickly and very delightfully" Perhaps this isn't putting it quite fairly ".Well—it is not putting it quite fairly. Itis not putting it fairly to himself, toMasefield or to any man of spirit who hasnot become " important '*.Can any reason be found for mennot working famously together, or beingunready to help each other ?That is the plain truth is it not ?Is the question of our doing our work so lacking in all reality and seriousnessthat we can feel at all like that? That wecan feel that anything is beneath us ?John Masefield is a poet, but is nonethe less a man living upon this brownearth ; and not suspended by wires in thesky, nor even, by the powers of his nobleimagination, raised too far above the goodground. But if such a man were ouronly writer in my theatre, our main stayfor all our dramas, and if he were to tellme he could not possibly write for meten lines here and five lines there forsome ballet or some opera—provided itwas a noble ballet, a delightful opera—which we were at work on in my Theatre,and he with us as Shakespeare was withBurbage, ....if he could excuse himself, andthese lines positively called for by the na- ture of the whole performance, it wouldbe a very sad affair. But since he couldwrite them, I for one believe he would.Living in Twentieth Century Englandhe might perhaps refuse to give up hismany hours of writing, reduce them, andconfine himself with the rest of us to thisone matter of Drama and Theatre ....hein the Theatre all the time (Shakespearean).I do not know ;—but I hardly think hewould refuse to write what we so sorelyneeded.If I couldn't get this, from my friend,the poet, could some one else? Could theFrohman of the day ? the man who isthe real master of the House.... todaya house in ruins ?No, for though the Frohmans have themoney,—which is the first essential, theproducer has the rest minus the money.Now we are coming to Hecuba.As it is plain that to get the poets,playwright, carpenters, geniuses and all intoone theatre there are two things essential,The first, Money,The second, Wits to produce, and that these two must be united in thesame person, which would you say it wereeasier to bring about ?(1) That the rich man, that is, ourbusiness manager, should enter the King- dom of Heaven, and, by a miracle neveryet known, become an artist - producerteeming with ideas, or•*» (2) that the artist-producer shouldbe visited by some member of those lowerinfernal regions where the Rhinegold isguarded by the three Rhine-maidens andthat he, becoming rich in what every workerneeds, should be able to pay every workerwhat he needs and make the House fitfor a poet to be able to enter it ?Which of these two proposals wouldwin your vote as being the most possibleof the two? I cannot tell. But this muchis certain, the first is a failure.It is of course because the artist-pro- ducers, of England, America and France,the men of the theatre, the men teeming withideas, with all but money, have been re- fused the means to control the Theatre,to make it fit for the Poet to work in,that you have no real theatre today.—What gives " a chance " to theplaywrights,—what helps men to be "wor- king together in harmony ",—what makes aman more "content to provide librettos " orbread or music or any or everything,—whathelps poetry, painting, criticism, life itself?....the Frohmans of the hour, the means towork and to live,—money. For moneyin the hands of men of talent makes themin these days men of authority. With au- thority of this kind alone can they do whathas to be done: fortify their playhouse.And if money is given to the Froh- mans, Harrisses and the rest, what happens?—Rubbish is raised to the theatrical throneand the good things are beaten down.Beating them down creates a revolution.The New Movement was a Revolution. We were called Reformers. I said atthe time we were no such thing. Theaffable know-betters smiled at our pro- tests. The wits began to stir and intel- ligence overturned that folly which dreamedto rule. Intelligence then began to recon- struct. Intelligence is constructing today.We are building a new house. (a) It is, I am told, really very difficult to get a goodcook nowadays.(b) I do not, of course, mean that if a man buys upten theatres and rents them out that he is master of theTheatre. That is merely like a man who owns largeproperties and from whom we rent a house, becoming,for our part, the master of the house we rent from him. (c) Perhaps even Mr Monkhouse does not quite knowhow undisciplined is our Theatre ....or guess why. Wrongmen in wrong place, Mr. Monkhouse.(d) (unless you allow Gilbert in the same field)(€* Gilbert was only a man of talent "; Monkhouse). (e) It might be easily pointed out that Shakespearewas a perfect servant (ie. perfect friend) to the managerof the theatre, who, I understand, was Burhage the actor.But such a theme would I believe run into many pages,for I believe it could be proved that Shakespeare wasalways ready to patch up and to better rather inferior playsby other inferior men which Burbage thought could beturned into successes.... always ready, not condescending.(f) Not Thomas Moore's " poetics " ; "Now Tomdon't be poetic ; (Byron). THE ART OF THE THEATRE. THIS term " Art of the Theatre " is taken tomean the pictorial part of a stage picture,That is the incorrect way to take it. The termmeans the whole result as heard and seen onthe stages Play - music - scene - acting -dancing - lighting - singing - all.The play-making taken alone is a craft: Actingis a craft: The Scenic work a craft: Dancing acraft: each part is a craft. Taken togetherthey form a whole, and that whole today goesby the name of the Theatrical Art. A DEFINITION. PLAYWRIGHT: SHIPWRIGHT: WHEELWRIGHT.A Wright is plain English, and means aworkman : A workman who is craftsman. VUE DES RESTES DU THEATRE DE MARCELLUS SUR LA PEACE MONTANARA A ROME.From "Description du Thèâtre de Marcellus à Rome "by A. L. T. Vandeyer (Paris) 1812. Born in 1756, at twenty-sevenyears old in 1783 he wins the Grand Prix de Rome and in 1786 he is in Rome and designs and engraves eight plates showingthis Theatre and his own idea of its original state. ACCA: A NEWSTAGE LANGUAGE. BY THE AUTHOR OF "FILMS" Heads exquisitely made. Not so comic as our Westerners too often seem to think necessary. An interesting framework for a Puppet, Japan. Modern.JAPANESE PUPPETS. Plate 3. OTHERS have travelled more than Ihave .... others have even settleddown in the land I write from ; and yet,so far as I know, not another but I hascome to realize that it doesn't matter ascrap what is said what actual wordsare said since words are all nonsense,and speech quite without value any more.I mean in theatricals.I would not go so far as does Mr GordonCraig, who, (if tattle is to be relied on),is reported to advocate the banishmentof all speech from the boards; but I wouldexperiment with a new kind of speech, aspeech I should call ACCA. This newkind of speech should be made up of softand harsh, sharp and sweet, deep andshrill sounds ; but I would allow no teethyH' s in the language.That is why I should call the new speechACCA, .... ACCA being the Italianequivalent for H. (a)I should exclude every H for thisreason : because it has got itself entangledwith the T's and the W's and otherletters, and too many windy words arethe result. I here give you some. Thy,The, Then, Thatch, Think, Thou, Through,Thorn, Theatre, Thorough, Thoroughly,Thermometer, Theology, Thumb, Other,Both, Whether, Without, Worth, Writhe,Wreath, Wroth and so on, mere windand froth.With German examples I will notweary you ; but consider the Dutch andRussian words, ' Kaiser Gracht ' andOcean Horoscio '. To listen to the northern actors utteringthese wild and whirling words, so likethe sound of gas when it is escaping, isto be made aware that something hashappened which should have been pre- vented. If, later, one knows that only anoperation on the language will avail, atfirst one imagines that an operation shouldbe performed on the performers nHemust have his H cut out ".This being at such a moment a difficultmatter, more especially since, while it mightbe successful in the case of the first eightypatients, it would be a waste of time ineighty-one, since, with him, ' tis uncertainwhere one may find it. On the floor thismoment the next it is right in frontof my eye. A knife would possibly betoo slow for number eighty-one.It being therefore out of the questionto curb the language, to rid it of itswhistling, its wet and draughty way, theonly thing I can do is to try to invent anew language for the stage.There is no H in the Italian languageWhat an Italian actor wants to say canbe said without smothering the words sothat they tumble out splashed and breathlessor withered up. The English, Dutch, Ger- man or Russian actor must labour withhis language to the end of his days, uncon- scious that he is uttering hideous sounds,dying and being buried, buried quite unawarethat he displeased thousands of Europeansand caused them to ask themselves, " Isthat a language for poets, dramatists andgentlemen?Well, for poets, dramatists, and gen- tlemen it may be. To read Shakespearesilently may be delicious; to read him aloud even by flashes of spluttering H-befoggedlightning, can never be too pleasant. I havejust been to Vienna and heard the actorsstill doing it there in German; have beento Munich,... the same tale to tell; havebeen to the Hague and to Kiev, andthere the same thick padded noises asof many ghosts brushing the palates ofThuringen priests.I returned home to Bergamo and thereonce more I heard a real language forhuman beings, real speech, and crisp andreasonable actor noises. For I must addhere that I understand little or no Italian;and, while this is a disadvantage to mewhen eating, driving or leaving a hotel,it is an absolute advantage when in anItalian theatre.When I go there it is to see actorsand note acting. It is rather an originalnotion, this of mine, so I am told, but Igo there for this specific reason, and havegone there for this reason for over fourteenyear.And in those 168 months I havefound this one quite certain thing: andthat is, that acting is much to do withsound and with movement, with meaninggestures, but meaningless words. Thesounds, those I must have, many sounds;that is why to me the bioscope is not,and can never be, quite satisfactory.So I propose a new language, to becalled ACCA, .... the actors' tongue.I have already made a list of abouttwelve thousand words for this new lan- guage, or, more properly speaking, ofabout twelve thousand sounds; but, untilwe have about thirty-three thousand, Icannot put the book on the Rialto. Asit is, with the few words of ACCA atmy command, I am able to get througha small comedy, (improvised, of course),with a few fellow students interested inthis undertaking. And I may as well presently give you a few speeches to showyou how it sounds, and I will tell youwhat the speeches mean.Although at first we improvised thewhole comedy, by the time we had playedit some thirty to forty times we grew sofamiliar with the situations that the speechesused to settle down, as it were, andbecoming fixed, remained unaltered becausewe found we could not better them.Then one of our assistants took down ourthirty-eighth performance by shorthand,.... yes, it was the thirty-eighth. .... inour new language " zax 000 n.Now for a moment compare the twosounds " Thirty eighth " with n zax 000 ".Thirty eighth contains three Hs and twoths and an eigh. 000 stands for 30,zax for 8 zit being 7, zot being 6,zox 5, zon 4, zi 3, zo 2, and zu beingone.All which to you means nothingat all.All the better. The test of your powerto enjoy and follow a drama is to beable to follow sound and gesture: any empty fellow can swallow sense andnot be a jot the wiser afterwards. Ifthis needs proof it is in the pudding forthose with good digestion and taste-proofpalates. For great sense has been pouringout of the brains of dramatists for somethousands of years but no one is the wiserfor it.So the test of your power to enjoy adrama is to be whether you can followits sound and gesture and get the hangof it from that alone.For example, if I am acting the partof a priest or a prophet, (not a falseprophet, a real one), and have to bringgood tidings to men who are in darkness,and if I say quite distinctly " Hail! Behold I bring you good tidings of greatjoy ! 11 I say something which does noteven convince and illumine the darknessand obscurity which is in the minds of thesimplest of shepherds, let alone the silliestof sheep, and which we too have heardso often that I suppose we are growntired of hearing it. (In these days ofscepticism we must always take care tosay nothing which offend unbelievers).But when the priest or angel pointsto the big new star in the night sky, theactor thrills.... " even shepherds weep " ;and all, if not quite clear, is to be wellguessed at. The next words " Followthe star " bring them to earth again." How follow a star ? What does hemean ? " But as the star moves over thesky, night by night, dipping behind Beth- lehem, somehow or other, the densestshepherd suddenly becomes one of the4 illuminati \ He leaps to his feet andcries out " Ho cazza man nox aliamazza ", and rushes off like the windin its direction, and the others follow likethe leaves, and the shepherd dog goes tosleep again.And audiences are not more cleverthan such shepherds and not more stupid.But they are kind as are the shepherds,very kind and patient, and endure. Formany years they have borne more thanwe should have asked them to bear.A hash of incomprehensible matter hasbeen prepared for them by immenselyprofound but quite inarticulate play-writers,and uttered for them by, unfortunately,word-perfect actors.Once every twenty-five years actinghas dared to usurp its own throne, buthas remembered its place just in time andgone back to the mat.That, I hazard a hope, is now to be changed. The tongue of the actor shallfor the first time be freed : that is tosay, if my dictionary of A CCA, theactor's language, reaches its thirty thirdthousandth word. (a) Vide " A Short Italian Dictionary" by AlfredHoare MA. Cambridge. At the University Press. 1918.Page 179. (b) Here our author only exaggerates a hairsbreadth ;for, though the letter exists in Italian, it occurs so rarelythat the great Vocabulary of the ic Crusca " (edition*of1612) devotes to it barely one column of its 960 doublecolumn pages. This absense of the His one of the bestreasons for Opera being sung to Italian words. Ed. (c) In Germany acht und dreizich. (d) 44 II Teatro dialettale Bolognese Page 33. THREE REFLECTIONS. WE are growing too loquacious, both on thestage and off. We make disquisitionswhich render us only more and more dim-sighted,and excursions that only consume our stores.W. S. Landor. (Pericles).I for my part should be glad to break myselfof talking altogether, and speak like creativenature only in pictures. Goethe.IT may be truthfully said of man too that whenhe is most impressed he is silent and that whenhe is silent he impresses us most.We will surround the people with symbolsin silence ; in silence we will reveal the Movementof Things.... this is the nature of our Art.The Mask, Vol I, page 2, 1908. ENGLAND discovering Stanislawsky promisesto be a joke. Are they not funny whenthese foreigners show them that " the spokenword " is not so essential as they thought it was;in fact the words don't matter, the gesturesare so eloquent!Extract from a Letter from London. MORE NOTES ON A JOURNEY. BY FRANÇOIS M. FLORIAN. WOMEN kill the Drama! " in this " ageof hysterical refinement ".... " the tunein the Theatre is being called by women (a)whose taste is for light stuff rather than forsolid material. " So run the phrases in to- day's " Daily News " 00—some of them yourMr. St John Ervine's phrases, —and " Quitetrue " replies your Miss Sybil Thorndike " the men choose the music-hall and revues the women love the sentimental play. "It remains, alas, for me to utter the word" meat. "If it offend, that is what was to be expected.Meat is bought with money. All othersolid things are to be bought with the samesolid stuff. Froth for froth—eye for eye—" hear with ears and understand "—but theEditor will use his blue pencil if I begin toget at all vague. €[[ The Editor of The Masfe wants nothingvague —he only wants the impossible. For isit not impossible to " write aa article of somethree thousand words in which you explainclearly the situation in the London Theatrefrom a French point of view —fairly, withoutover or under statement " ? I have thereforebegun my article by stating fairly what anotheroutsider in the stalls considers is the trouble andwhat an insider in the dressing-rooms thinksis wrong. €| And a really rather queer thing hasnappened since 1 wrote the above line.I had better tell you, and, in telling, myarticle will finish itselfwithout more puzzle- ment for meall I shall have to do will beto copy out a conversation.I was reading my " Daily News " andother papers in a second-class compartmentbetween Chambery and Aix-les-Bains. I be- gan to scribble :—I had to stop :—I finished the rest of the article in a compartment of thetrain de Luxe between Aix and Paris.This is what happened.On getting to the word " wrong " at theend of my second paragraph I felt utterlyunable to go on. Why should I have to quotewhat Miss Thorndike says —what Mr Ervinesays—what the " Daily News " said ?... Whyall this ? 1 questioned.And then I admit I brightened up a biton recalling the right answer, which was,and which is, quite right—that other people'sopinions are very often valuable especially ifthe people who hold them speak from longexperience.Well, I understand that long experiencehas neither beenMrErvine's lot nor Miss Thorn- dike's ; but they are both sufficiently experien- ced to know a good deal more of the truthabout these things than I, more especially sinceone has been in London for three years andthe other for a life-time. " I would I knewmore! " I sighed, " or I would Iknew someonewh0.... " but it was 12 o'clock, mid-day,a fine view sliding by, I stopped writing,speaking, thinking and gave myself up todreaming, and before long the train was atrest—here was Aix at last; to the deucewith London and all its Saints, its size, its.wealth—all too like my Paris let me, if I mustwrite of London, write of its spirit of aspira- tion and its earnest attempts for better andever better things so that.—" Premiere serveeece! "—cries an elec- tric voice, ....and saves the situation.All was gaiety and grand again. To themere Frenchman in the corridor, food solvesmost problems.... and to feed in motion in acontinental wagon restaurant is to me parti- cularly exhilerating... to pass between twocottages where they are eating a homelypotage while being served with Boeuf a lamode!!! that's the ticket! Beef—meat—meatthe final word on earth. I little thought, as I thought this, that inan hour's time I should be doubting thisimmense truth. I was lucky; the seat reserved for mewas at a table for two ; in front of me sat agentleman for whom Boeuf a la Mode seemedto have been invented. A man of the world,yet, some would say, without any of the nicercourtesies of the world, he grunted and blin- ked at me when I made the customary " withyour permission " inclining slightly towards him.It was wasted on him; plain words and plainactions, that was his motto. Beef was beeffor him " la mode " quite thrown away.I took my seat and troubled little moreabout him. I enjoyed my lunch in silence:he went through his rather less silently: wecame to the end of it and he began to settledown and sigh rather gloriously; immenseEnglish contentment anyhow swelled itself outwith a last long rumbling organ note as insome of Handel's big pieces.Just as these contented sighs were ending,I discovered that everyone else in the wagonrestaurant was gone, and now the head waiterwas speaking to us saying " you must go forthe second service is to be prepared. " Myneighbour laughed. " I want another liqueur "he said to the waiter, " and I want to sithere and enjoy it slowly. " " Very sorry "said the man, " you can't; we have thesecond service to prepare. " " But if I pay forthe table ? " The waiter grew impatient:" Now, Sir, I must ask you to go immediate- ly, " and napkins began to flick and bottlesto fall and crumbs to fly all around my greatneighbour so that he too rose as I had done,and, ordering liqueurs to be sent to his com- partment, invited me to sit with him andtry one." They turn you out " he grumbled " asthough you were so much cattle, ....what ? "Rather on the side of being ferocious, that" what: " a grunt, a flare, a " Damme ifI don't...." ....but I hurried on in front of him,pressing past the distinguished folk who wereblocking the corridors.When we reached the middle of the car- peted train-de-luxe compartment, my boeuf- eater touched me on the shoulder; " Here "said he, and went into a fairy palace of aplace. " I can see you're an artist, or a writer,or something of the kind " he said, " I supposSyou can enjoy a good cigar.... what? "1 said ' thank you ' in a finikin kind ofvoice and sat down. It was a wonderfullygood Havanah, but after the half Toscana I had just finished it seemed like humbug.I told him that I smoked Toscana cigars asa rule, when I could get them. " When youcan get 'em " he repeated, " but you don'tlikfi 'em, what ? " 1 began explaining thesuperiority of the ancient Toscana over allother smokes when he burst in impatientlywith " You're one of those new-fangled aes- thetes; what is it you d 0?... write?... paint?I took yop for a piano-player at first, what ? "" I'm a journalist " I said, " and I dowrite a book when I can, but it's bad pay—and.... " I paused." I know " he said, " that's right, youstick to your business. Business first—plea-sure afterwards. It's an old motto and asound one. "Yet, though his theory was all for business,it's odd, but the next moment he was askingme about my books. " What sort of books?. ..novels? " " No, plays ". " Plays! " hecrowed, " does anyone ever act 'em ?" I have not yet been fortunate enough tohave one acted " I said. " And not likelyto. " he chuckled ; " Plays are no goodnowadays, no meat in 'em. " " (The wordmeat made me jump) " " Look at Barrie"he went on, " sloppy stuff, I call it....makes you want to leave the play 'ouse ".It was the first slip he had made; buthere the liqueurs came in and his eye becamefirm again, for it had winced for an instant.He went straight for a bottle of Curasao,S. T. Millet et Cie. " Leave this; twoglasses. 150 francs.... that's all right.... off yougo ". We were alone again." Now taste that and tell me if it's good? "I tasted and I said it was very good." That's mine " he said. " 'Tis good "he said, still sipping. " I make it at .... abottle and sell it at .... " : I forget his exactfigures. " For thirty years that bottle has neverfailed ". "Yes, it's good ", he said oncemore, and put down his glass." So you write plays, do you. whatsort ? funny ones ? "1 saw it was impossible to tell him of mytragedy " La Fille Verte " that I had beenat work on for the last four years ; so I saidwithout thinking, " Rather funny 1 writeRevues "."Do you, by Jove! " he cried out, wakingup for the first time, and he poured twomore glasses and took another sip. " I like a good revue " he said withdeliberation. " I like a revue for a lot ofreasons. First there's meat in a revue.(" Se-cond serveeece " rang out in the corri- dor). "To look at you Fd not have thoughtyou were much hand at that game. What'syour theatre? "" The Odeon " I said, bold as brass."Ah good place; it's not minethough never went there. Mine's theNew Apollo ever been there ? "" Yes I said." Well then, what do you think of thegirls ? Eh ? pretty fine troupe of girls, what ? "I nodded with my eyebrows up. " Nowwho finds 'em? " he went on; " who pro- vides for 'em, 1 want to know ? I'll tell you,mister ", he went on, " Money finds 'emand we provide the money for 'em "." Money " he said with power, " money iswhat buys the meat ".All this awful truth was just what I hadbeen writing in my second-class compartmentonly an hour back when I was forced to givein, not knowing what more to write nothaving another argument left in favour ofmoney, meat, and the two in partnership. Irealized in a flash that it was no longer left tome to have to invent an article. I was intenselyrelieved, all the more so since I was notat all sure I believed in what I had beenwriting.All I had to do was to interview mycompanion.I ventured to begin. " But you do notmanage the ' New Apollo ' ?" " No ", he said" we put a man in, clever sort of youngbantam; he gets us lots of stuff over fromFrance and America. Nice young ladies,very nice young ladies ....not too much intel- ligence ; and nice manners, very nice man- ners ". He leaned forward rather eagerly." Do you know, I've had one of these girlsto supper with me at the Carlton Hotel, anda couple of Duchesses and a Peer of therealm feeding at the next table, and my youngwoman's manners were as dandy as theirs ;in fact she looked the better lady ". Afterthis he leaned back and seemed to ask appre- ciation.I could willingly give it for I have seenfine manners in every kind of woman, andalways thrilled at the sight." Good hearted girls too " ; I nodded ; " very very good hearted and no malice "." Ah, that's what I say " he ground out asthough addressing the tribunal of the LastJudgement, " and that's why (he thumped theseat once) I put my money on these girls andwhy I will not put my money on thoseintellectual actresses as they're called ".I asked him who he was thinking of inparticular. " Humm, no one ....no one inparticular. I've had dozens of 'em roundabout, trying to get my money to run theirintellectual theatres. 1 don't like them ortheir Theatres, or their agents. Do you? "" Well, I must admit that one or two ".One or two is one or two too many "- _ _ «/he said gravely. " What do I want, youngman, with crying and silliness when I go toa playhouse? ....I want the girls to look freshand happy and to move about sprightly andneat. I don't want , or Art orwhatever it's called. I want a girl to be agirl to sing a good song and dance abit; but above all to look well fed, wellcared for, tidy and neat. That's the beginningand the end of the whole business; andthat's why I put my money into the " NewApollo " and why my friends do the same ".I could get nothing further from him.I saw that. His idea of Theatre began andended in fresh girls, girls who were la- dylike and good-hearted and lively. Therewas nothing for me to protest against in that.I knew many of these young women and Ihad always found them all he said. As forsuggesting to him that perhaps the Theatrewas not the place for merely a display ofgirl, however nice, I saw it would be useless,he would come back straight to his Whopays for 'em " and the wheel would revolveand revolve.It was futile to go for him as having nodecency, for he had: it was preposterousto lecture him, for he would have lecturedme. Who was I, that I, a Frenchman, shouldset myself up to reprimand six hundred ofthe richest men in England because theyhad the remarkable sound common sense ofliking to see pretty girls and taking themout to supper and back home to playcards ? Heavens : are journalists to turn pioushumbugs ? and in a train de luxe too ?Besides, in France we have six thousand ofthem, all capital men. If money be what weare all longing to get, what it can buy should be surely good enough for us to accept alongwith it. And to begin to hum and haw aboutthe evils of money to a man who has it, seemsa little lacking in wit. And the train stoppedat Dijon.My companion got out. " There! " saidhe, flinging me the rest of his ticket on toParis, "You can use that. You're an oddsort of chap. I don't like you writers as arule : I don't trust you, but let's hope you'rehuman " ....and with that he was gone." Let's hope I'm human " I repeated asI picked it up. I recalled a strange book Ihad once read " Human, all too human ",and turned from the gloomy recollection of itwith even more boredom than my late compa- nion had turned once or twice from me. " Toofull of the milk of human kindness to ":that's Lady Macbeth. I don't see her here;nor Nietzsche; the compartment is still vi- brating with that other humanism which has butnow gone out." To err is human, to forgive,...What nonsense these thin phrases of thepen are here in this train de luxe with theglamour of that huge reality still present.Human ?—meat ?—the money too ?—" we've got the money too!You have a song with some such refrain,1 think.Perhaps if the the three were put inseparate compartments I rose up and went back to my second- class compartment, Back there once more I end my article-I sum up the whole matter.The English Theatre is perfectly right asit is, only it is no longer quite a Theatrewhile it remains as it i 5....Very admirable common-sense men run theEnglish playhouses for sound and quite humanpurposes of their own. These purposes arenot those either of the Dramatist, the Artist,or the intelligent men and women of London.Neither are they purposes that I believe TheMask has at heart.I should say that women do not kill theDrama ;that this is not an age of hysterical experiment;that the tune in the Theatre is unfortu- nately not being called by ladies ; and that the English Theatre is a kindof tidy and well organized Smithfield market.With these well-meant but possibly utterlyincorrect conclusions I end. (a) He means the English Theatre. In Italy I sau)}hat the theatre was for both sexes as in France.(b) October / 923, in a report of a speech madeat the dinner of the Authors9 Club. ON GETTING TO PARIS. F. M. F. I have to thank the Editor of The Mask thathe is so agreable to the whims of theplay writer-critic.... often, doubtless, a very pre- cise and practical being, but in my case lia- ble to be at any moment unable to write onthis or that topic, even those he himself fan- cied yesterday.For example, I had the very best of in- tentions of writing an article about M. Co- peau and his theatre which is no theatre:I said I would in my Notes in the last num- ber of The Mask. But after visiting the littleplayhouse in Rue du Vieux Colombier I sawsome obvious signs which indicated that afterall it was a theatre.M. Copeau is a most energetic man, and,what is more, he seems to be a very econo- mic one. He is always at work, at newwork, and never wastes either a minute, afranc, or a notion. I imagine him to be allthis,— and I imagine him to be a man whowould take infinite pains trying to put intopractise a number of the multitudinous ideaswhich, say, The Mask or some such storehousehad to offer him.1 saw some signs of this too at the VieuxColombier.But I was at heart a little grieved. Onemore man wasted, is what I felt; for I feltthat somehow or other the whole affair wasnot enough. How I regret to have to say" it lacked meat. " I prefer on second thoughtsto say it lacked body. Brains it had, some taste,experiment, big endeavour. It had hands, feet,head, tail, trunk, but somehow none were intheir right place.Here is a first-rate second-class man, Ithought. We could have agreed well in thetrain from Aix to Paris. No plush nor li- queurs for him, ho vulgarities. He is noParsival either, no head-in-the clouds, he'shuman, a first-rate man.And my thoughts flew across the Seine to theold house of Moliere. " What possessed sucha first-class place to become so second rate ?I thought; and why does not the Comedie,since it is what it is and can only be less in being little, why does she not reach out herarms and take to her heart the few men who,if second-ciass are first-rate, first-rate at ser- vice, ready to serve her, who always have beenready.And Copeau is one such.Why did not the Comedie in 1913 inviteyoung M. Copeau to bring his quick intelli- gence and his comrades to the service of theold house ?No Frenchman in the Theatre but haseverything to learn when he enters the Co- medie, but some Frenchmen besides that havemuch to bring.M. Copeau had and still has to learn thatwhich shall give his work an ease it lacks;he could have acquired it at the Frangaise.The Fransaise had and still has to learn thatthis is not 1880 and M. Copeau could havetaught it that.These two being divided, it comes aboutthat my fine city of Paris is the loser; allbecause humanity is (even in a city, in avillage even) divided by its little egoism.Not that the theatres of my city alone sufferin this matter: ' tis the same in England ;and, I am told, no different in some of theAmerican States.What a grievous pity ! And what is the result?A new Movement in the Theatre has beenforced upon the more active intelligences inevery land.For my part, being so many years a de- votee of the old-fashioned playhouse —evermore devoted to Rossini and Scribe than Icould become to Debussy and Ibsen ; moreat home before a sumptuous setting by M. Cam- bon than I can bring myself to be when I seethose admirable experiments of your own M.Craig, those of M. Appia, or the very prettyfantastics of the so-different M. Bakst,... I can- not truthfully say (or at any rate write) that Iam one at all points with this New Move- ment. This is mainly due to my training andenvironment.But I am quite aware that the New Move- ment has arrived. And that the old order ispassing.—l regret it;—and I only hope thatat any rate in this New Movement your first- rate English men of the second order, willnot fail as M. Copeau did in our city, to comeinto touch with the first-rate men of the firstorder and serve them. What I say of M. Copeau I would sayof others. In London a Mr Randean is justso as is M. Copeau.... a good second classman. Mr. Fagan, Mr. Playfair, Mr. Mc Dermottare others. Their work lacks certain qualitieswhich are never to be acquired. All these ablemen need is to ally themselves with some manofgenius or some House, (if such exist inEngland) like our Comedie.For it is by the unity of the lesser talentsadhering with tenacity and may I say fidelity(or is the century too old ?) to the larger talentsthat all our European theatres will come (maybe, and I hope so) to the stature which our an- cient Comedie Frangaise once could boast.I would recall the name La Grange toillustrate my exact meaning.Should this become a reality, then indeedthe New Movement may win the Public trust—even as now it seems to have won its svm- pathy. CHARLES VARLET DE LA GRANGE.1640-1692. LA Grange was a very remarkable man. Possessed ofmany talents, he preferred to be the right-hand manof Moli&amp;re, and to remain so, rather than push into a placeat all above his station.Charles Varlet, sieur de la Grange, was born at Amiensabout 1639 or 1640, and died in Paris in 1692. Wetranslate the following biographical note from the FrenchEncyclopaedia, " Le Nouveau LarousseAfter having acted for some time in the provinces, LaGrange entered the troupe of Moli&amp;re, with whom he wentto make his d6but in Paris. It was in his favour that Mo- li£re, six years before his death, resigned his position asorateur of the troupe of the Palais Royal : it was he whoin 1667 was commissioned by Moli£re to go with La Tho- rilli&amp;re to present a petition to the king, at Lille, protestingagainst the interdiction of Tartufe.At the death of Moli&amp;re he passed to the theatreGu6negaud ; then, after the fusion with the hotel de Bour- gogne, replaced Hauteroche as orateur of the troupe. Hedistinguished himself in roles of high comedy. He published,in 1682, with Vinot, a memorable edition of Moli&amp;re. Buthe is above all known for his *' Extrait des recettes et desaffaires de la Comedie depuis Paques de 1659jusqiTau ler Septembre 1685, appartenant au sieur de La- grange, comedien du roi.This register, wherein he entered the pieces, the receipts,the expenses of each day, the births, marriages and deathswhich took place in the troupe, is of value to the historyof Moliere and his comedians, and makes one love theexactitude and good humour of the author. LONDON ANDCOTTON WOOL.WITH A PROTEST AGAINSTIMPROVISATION IN THE THEATRE BY HENRY PHIPS. 1 should hate to be at all critical about anyof the strong points of London : I can onlyadmire them. Some find London too com- fortable and want things shaken up. To meone of its strong points is its extravagant useof cotton wool, and I have just returned fromLondon, having rolled from one bale on toanother all the time 1 was there.1 stayed sixteen days and can assurethose who have heard folk grumble about thediscomforts, the inconveniences, the accursedmanagement of London, that there is not anounce of truth in one of these grumblings.For London is paved with cotton wool,lest the feet be bruised: its walls are paddedwith cotton wool to protect us from theslightest bump; its kind servants of the publicraise us up, and lower us, glide us here, lunch us, tea us, cake us, and glide us back;fill our mouths with about sixty-five differentbrands of cigarettes, about forty-three differentkinds of cigars, some eighty different mixturesof delicious tobaccos ; play on musical instru- ments for us, steer us across dangerous streetsso that no more danger dare exist for us, and,while comforting our physical existence for usbeyond our deserts, steal from us ever sogently but ever so finally every desire to doanything. For while we are kept happy andsmiling money walks into our pockets.To find a single fault with this cottonwool comfort is, for me, out of the question....I came from the East .... from Ceylon. Istopped at Taranto, passed through Italy, onto France, and so to London. Out Eastwool is scarce, at Taranto unknown, in Italyseldom used.At Calais all is still a bit rough andtumble, but at Dover as I land, my luggageis taken gently from me by honest men,quietly taken to a train de luxe, second class.No hustle no bustle —. Tea floatstowards me ; all is warm and cosy. Someeighty or ninety papers spread out on a highlypolished stall, lie awaiting me. They cost much, more than any in Ceylon, in Taranto,and in France, but they are perfect. Thepaper is perfect and the workmanship fault- less and half the letter-press excellent....And what I need in life, after a perfectseat and a perfect tea, is a perfect journal.Some fools would say that all these thingsare superfluous, and deadening to the senses,and that to find eight or nine different tobaccoson landing, after having had but two in allItaly, is bad for one ....what utter rubbish!As well say that to offer me a choice oftwenty-three different cigarettes for the ordinaryand sole Macedonia cigarettes of Italy and theZomba of Ceylon is bad for me : that tofind twelve or thirteen tobacconists, nine or tenhosiers, twelve to sixteen cinemas, and eighteento twenty restaurants in the first street intowhich I am led on arriving at London is asbad for me, as it is bad for him or her, myfellow-passenger, to be met by the adverti- sements of some hundred or so shops offeringother unnecessary luxuries.My only reply to that is, give me Luxuries,and the necessities will take care of themselves....pamper me well and good, and I'll disci- pline myself. So long as I have a stall madeof perfect springs, leather, velvet, plush, ampleand soft, the play will be perfect, whateverit may be.I know that this is to be held by theEditor of " The Mask " to be a form ofheresy, since the Editor is rather severe abouthow I am to enjoy my theatres. He is allfor Mussolini and a discipline which takes noexcuse. He wants the Theatres to exertthemselves and the slack and superciliousdramatic critics to be sacked. So I won'tattempt to excuse myself: all I would say isthis: That if, after the cosiest tea in theworld, and a little exercise on the softAxminster carpets in my hotel, I am plungedinto discomfort in a Theatre, I shall (do youthink I shall ?) be more critical of the piecethan if the lull goes on. Give me the lullof the dope and the Drama can be what itlikes.I count it as a good thing that we all besaved as much exertion as possible in London.Your journal, I know, once advocated theItalian thing called Improvisation. Well, Ihave been purchasing some very rare bookson that art, and I find that Improvisation isa most undesirable business. That it demands a great deal of the actors is not my point.My point is that it demands far too much ofthe spectators.To pay 10/6 for a stall is enough; tohave to exert oneself further is preposterous.And Improvisation seems to call for a horridattention from everyone in the house ; it evenpresupposes a state of intelligence and wide- awakeness. Lull and 101 l which are, after all,the twin spirits of every sort of fine entertain- ment, would be positively driven out of thetheatre which introduced Improvisation. That'swhy I am against it.A glance at the reproduction on page 13of volume nine of " The Mask ", issued lastOctober, shows the first part of the first act ofthe book of the play called " La Schiava ",written down by some actor in 1600 orearlier, and acted many a time and oft inItaly. Heaven forbid that our admirable actorsshould ever be forced to attempt such a dog'stask as the one. implied by this book.For it shows that what Mr Gordon Craighas told us for years is only too true. Itproves conclusively that actors were once upona time actually expected to invent their owndialogue!! I couldn't do it myself, so 1 takeit no ordinary actor could do it, and I believeit would take a very athletic intuition to com- pass such a job.Mr G. B. Ambrose translated it intoEnglish so that we could see for ourselves,word for word, step for step, the cruel taskthe actors were put to thank God, onlyonce-upon-a-time.To expect this of actors of today is goingtoo far. Their work is arduous enough asit is. Seldom sure of what they are goingto do for a living tomorrow, half their time isperforce given up to getting an engagement,their work at the Club, fixing up a tour, andfinding a stop-gap somehow when a play hasbeen a failure. The actors' work is, further- more, a profession. They have no wish, so faras I can ascertain, that their work be held tobe an art, and certainly not a laborious kindof art such as improvisation would make it.Well, some of the most reliable dramaticcritics can be trusted to see that no Londonactors shall ever be imposed on and askedto make any such effort: yes, our really greatdramatic critic, Mr Agate, and Mr Godfrey1 urner and a few more can be trusted todo this. Their pooled intelligence will see to it that nothing is done in a hurry andI hope they will above all things always takea nice long time about seeing that nothingbe done. THE LAST FOGOF REALISM BY JAN KLAASSEN. REALISM is one of the Patent Medicinesof Art.Realism, for which no sound artists haveever had any use until these later morbiddays, and which these artists rejected almostas soon as they had touched it, ....Realismstill creeps up and down the boards of theTheatre.The best of Realism is that anyone canpractise it. Being easiest it appeals to thelaziest of thinkers and workers in the arts.The worst of Realism is in its appearance..It looks and sounds badly. It has always the"look of having been very difficult. While a playby Tolstoi seems an appalling series of dif- ficulties overcome, a play by Moliere looks;and sounds as easy as a romp.The evidence of difficulty and effort is.ever present in a novel by Zola or Tolstoi,,a play by Ibsen or Strindberg, an opera byDebussy. " They grunt and sweat under aweary life they surmount obstacles beforeour very eyes, whereas the first rule of art isanyhow to avoid thai. You will not find.Moliere, Sheridan, Rossini, Bizet, pretendingto have just overcome stupendous difficultiestaking their own style and method withthat awful solemnity which belongs by soleright to the quiet prig.Realism is mean it is the short measureof those who were born to serve behindcounters, who study the " Kodak ", and whorarely go in for charades on winter evenings.Realism is a setting sun and as is sad.Realism is the happy thought of the nou- veau riche. It aims to seem like its betters,to assume a profound air it might have been,born with with other parents. And you either like it or you don't.Stage Realism is a strange form of exag- geration, carefully avoided by the ' ancients,who employed other means for holding theattention of the spectators.One of the perfections lacking to Realismis ease. There is ever something jerky,husky and agitated in its hushed nonsense.Russia without Realism would have beenan impossible place. Any other land with itbecomes intolerable. I think that Russia be- gins to realize this now. REALISM IS A TAKE-IN. THERE are some ridiculous points aboutRealism. Compared by us all with Artit is really its antithesis.Whereas Art is a genuine thing,Realism is a take-in. That which we find ismarvellous real one day, looked at or listenedto a hundred years later becomes extravagantly,ridiculously unreal (a).€J The Stage should never have | usedRealism, for it is the very first resort of thedesperately serious amateur.If in painting and engraving and in thenovel there be some reason for a canter nowand then on the poor nag, the stage and theactor should have answered nay.For whereas author and designer canget off the animal, the actor, once on, seemsto be obliged to stick. It seems made forhim; actor and realism become a new centaur.Only this time tis the actor who is the backpart of the animal, and Realism raises a proudwax head and arms in front. THE EASIEST WAY. FOR an actor it is without exception theeasiest v/ay of performing. For the stagemanager and scenic man there are no diffi- culties.€J Provided the play is written on realenough lines the emotions not too deep orfierce, the actor should find the realistic mountthe easiest nag to learn to ride on. DonQuixote on a wooden horse goes too far. Noone will ever go too far on the nag Realism. €J Realism fools you.It fools you into believing many things,and it is all the more curious that Realismshould be considered somehow related to Art,since Art never even attempts to fool you.€J Whereas artists since the year two(after the cave-men who drew realistic bi- sons and deer), have, it seems to me, alwaysrather pointed off the earth, and raved over- much about the stars, the realists, being therevolutionary bad boys of the family, havedenied the existence of stars. " Pin pricksin a black cloth ; frauds ", they have replied....and the incredible thing is that they havebelieved what they were saying.Oh, and they believe well in what they aredoing, these realists.... their own sayings anddoings are more to them than the stars.For it is not as though these realistsmerely swept up the litter of sentimentalismand what they are pleased to call " Theatrica- lism " and made all neat and tidy again.Their sweeping lasts on for hours and at theend all the stars are in the dustpan. Thesky is clear at last one limpid stretchof grey fog. All our old beliefs are forcedto yield to the brusque monotonous swish oftheir brooms. They sweep and char sing- ing Ca ca ira, and many an artist emigratesto lands where people are to be found stronglyat peace with the old belief in the impossible.Such artists walk in the sun, watch itscourse, marvel at it and measure its shadows :they stand by the sea and again marvel atits ways; and from these two immensitiesdown to a leaf, a grain of sand, they con- tinue to marvel seek to know no more and are at peace with it and create mas- terpieces.Not so the realist. He is often a gentle- hearted being most loveable ; but if heraises his eyes to the sun he must pucker hisbrows and purse his lips and begin to puzzleand to worry : then an argument lasting eighthours begins if two of 'em are together. If bythe sea, he must be frowning because it is solarge, whistles a slow and gloomy jig becauseit is so deep, shuffles up and down on thesands before it because he'll be damned ifhe'll bathe. He does not assert that sea andsun are impossible because he sees them there.But he denies the spirit which has made them.The proper study of mankind is man. "Ifthe sun can be of use to man " and here he corrects himself "if the sun can be ofuse to me, then I will give some time to itsstudy; but if it cannot it can stay where it isAnd, priding himself upon the precision of hiseyes, he quizzes at nature and perceives inall its old glory about as much as a poor bat.Well, the sun will rise, spite of the bats,and realism will then go with them into thebarns once more. (a) Callot's Last Supper and his other Biblicalthings for example. TO THE REALISTSOF 1810.TO THE ACCUSER WHO ISTHE GOD OF THE WORLD. Victor Hugo, (William Shakespeare). Truly, my Satan, thou art but a dunce.And dost not know the garment from the man;Every harlot was a virgin once,Nor canst thou ever change Kate into Nan.Tho' thou art worship'd by the names divineOf Jesus and Jehovah, thou art stillThe Son of Morn in weary Night's decline,The lost traveller's dream under the hill.AND as they made nothing of it in 1810 they still makenothing of it today. Bats and moles, blind anddeaf. . . . goori . . good.But the sun is rising you know, dear little bats, goodlittle moles, We cannot possibly delay its warmth, itsrays an hour longer : ....get quick into the barns, burrowquickly into the old earth. — Buona nolle. TOO much matter is the evil of our day. Hence a cer- tain dnlness.IN the poet and in the artist there is the infinite. It isthis ingredient, the infinite, which gives to this kind ofgenius the irreducible grandeur. A NOTE ON THE POSTER. Page 33. M. B. THE Teatro Malvezzi was built in 1655. In 1680 itwas rebuilt ; in 1697 it was enlarged and decoratedby Ferdinando Bibiena and Francesco his brother. In 1 745it was burnt down. (Ricci). While it existed it was, with theTeairo Formagliari, built in 1646, the chief theatre of Bologna.The performances given were what v/e should todaygroan about but which in those days they enjoyed : thatis to say, they were made frankly without hope of evenpaying expenses.This " L' Eumene " with music by jommelli, withscenes by Bibiena, costumes by Landi, dances by Sovve- lerre, was performed 27 times only, 39,176 lire-werespent; 24,515 lire were taken. There was therefore aloss of 14,660 lire on the 27 performances. But thegame was good sport,—not called sport but fine art. Jom- melli received 900 : lire five singers between them received9,730 lire. For lighting'the stage and the front of the house2106 lire were spent on wax and oil. The orchestra re- ceived 93 lire 13 for each performance. THEN AND NOW.1723-1923. BY GEORGES DEVOTO. ANNOUNCEMENT OF A PERFORMANCE AT THETEATRO MALVEZZI, BOLOGNA IN 1742,With Scenery designed by Giuseppe Galli Bibiena .A rare Poster on white handmade paper measuring about 52 inches by 40 inches, for a performance remarkable for several reasons.(see Note page 32) THE Theatre is no longer of the same im- portance to Europeans as once it was.Even in Italy where, in essentials, it is asgood as it always was, it does not hold the placeit did. Which is a very good thing.€J And what is there which holds exactlythe same place as of old ?Some things have spread themselves and,instead of one seat occupy fifty seats- Someother things have been obliged to give uptheir seats so that " neighbour" may have morethan he needs.It's a wonderful new arrangement.The Theatre has had to give up it's seat....and is now standing. Perhaps it once oc- cupied too many places. Be that as it may,it now has to stand.And, as I said above, this is a verygood thing. It may teach it something it hadto learn.€J In the eighteenth century the Theatrewas the only place to go to after dinner tomeet your friends ....to discuss politics ....tomake love ....to make mischief ....or to showindifference to love, politics or friendship whilepretending to be entirely concerned with thefoolish spectacle on the stage.In the eighteenth century " The womenentered their palchi well cured of any wishto attend, to see or to hear " (a)..... " through the whole of Italy they con- sidered the theatre as a place for rendezvous "(Sharp, 1765), "to exchange visits ". Like beesthey buzzed all the time—popped in like beesdo first into one cell then into the next. D' Es- pinchal, for example, in 1 780-1790 in Roma,Torino and Paris was no sooner in one logethan he left to visit another; if he has tovisit twenty out of the sixty loges and staysfive minutes in each he will have to give onehour and forty minutes to this pretty pas- time.And he would visit at least twenty, forwherever he went he knew everyon. In his vo- luminous record of theatricals he never forgetshimself so far as to make any mention of theplays, operas and performers beyond recordingwhat were the names, ....what the hours, ....whowas in the house.The spectators talked very loudly ....theplace was very dark ....it was very much likea modern restaurant where excellent musiciansoften play to dumb ears and through talk whichhums or rattles on like the town or countrytraffic.€J A great singer, dancer or actor mightoccasionally silence the spectators to attention.To do so something resembling the superhumanhad to be exerted. The Theatrical had tobecome doubly, trebly Theatrical to tell, todominate the chattering, to pierce the obscu- rity of the Theatres, to cut through the denseand often choking atmosphere.€J We may believe that sie old mannerof acting came in here very usefully.As no one was attending there wouldbe no applause ; and indeed until the early19th century there was not applause (b).€$ But 1 ask myself, was the Theatre everof any importance except as providing a meet- ing place for busybodies and folk a bit frigh- tened in the dimly-lighted salons of theirhouses.... " candlelight " (c).Yes, today it has another importance.It is the place people go to find quiet andrecollect there why they did as they did yes- terday in Parliament, at the office, at MrsJones's, and to puzzle out what they shall dotomorrow.Again as in the 18th century they lookblankly at the stage and understand nothingthat is going on there, or, understanding thatlittle, sigh and are really grateful that it isnot more.Oh ....There is Madam Z Howshall I explain what it really was I said toher friend Madam Y this morning ".That man in the fifth row sitting so silentlyalways intent on the stage and now readinghis programme, he is interested in the Theatre,what ?44 Not on your life " as the Americanssay. He is tired after the day's work in hisoffice—and the play distracts him a little ; he does all he can to be distracted more; ....butonly distracted. Real interest ....real joy ....realunderstanding of what is going on upon the stagehe has none.What? ....would you ask a hard-workingman of sound commonsense and a good dealof natural distinction to be interested, to bejoyful, to understand THAT? q The Theatre is no longer of the sameimportance to Europeans as it was.For obvious reasons. (a) Bellorini. (b) Fischel.(c) Craig. "On Stage Lighting " The Chap- book "• Nov. 1922. PISPISPIGLORIO. TEATRO. Noi non siamo gli antichi, e percio non ab- biamo nb circhi, ne stadj, nb termi, n&amp; anfiteatri, neteatri. I nostri Teatri scno una specia alveari, dove si vanon per vedere, n&amp; per udire drammi, ma per farvi unpispispiglorio di cellula in cellula. Se vogliamo Teairo,facciamocelo Ncome insegna Vitruvio, e Palladio, e tanti ahri,che han dimostrato che nel interno deve il teatro essere pergli spettatori gradinato semicircolarmente; e all'esterno deco- rato in modo che si riconosca subito per Teatro.From Francesco Milizia: Di- zionario delle belle Arti, etc.Bassano 1797. Vol. 2: p. 268.Which, being translated, reads as follows: -44 THEATRE. We are not the ancients, and so wehave neither circuses, nor stadiums, nor baths, nor amphi- theatres, nor theatres. Our Theatres are a species of bee- hives, where one goes not to see, nor to hear, dramas, butto make a buzz buzz buzz (pispispiglorio) from cell to cell.If we want a Theatre, let us make it as shown by Vi- truvius and Palladio and so many others, who have demon- strated that in the interior the Theatre ought to be in se- micircular grades for the spectators; and on the exterior de- corated in such a manner that it may be at once recognizedas Theatre ".Milizia (1725-1793) was architect and writer, andnot like that typical eighteenth century gossip cTEspinchal,whose sole object in going to a Theatre seems to havebeen to visit acquaintances, box after box, until he droppedinto a seat in the last box from sheer fatigue.One almost fancies Milizia must have seen d* Espinchalin the Teatro Aliberti in Roma playing the bee from cellto cell when inspired to describe the Theatre as he does.WHAT a good word ! ....this Italian noise to describechattering in whispers, ....Pispispiglorio. Danteuses it in a contracted form twice in the Purgatorio.I suppose that in the eighteenth century, when Miliziawrote, it had grown more elaborate as suitable to Baroque—may-be it was seldom so printed. Yet there was a wordlike it, Pissipissi which signified to whisper the Paternosterunder the breath. SICILIAN PUPPETS.The eye of the spectator is not fastidious, so no very great thought is given to appearances. Plate 4. BOOK REVIEWS SHAKESPEARE'S FELLOWS byG. B. Harrison M. A. John Lane,6/- net.THE purpose of the book is to pro- vide a background for the studyof the early dramatists, and this theauthor does with care and' withoutbeing long over it. In 202 pages andwith an Index he guides us pleasantlythrough difficult paths in a tanglewoodplace.We like the plain English under- standing of Burbage, for example....avoiding all surmise as to this man'stalents and regrets at what he couldnot do, and what he failed to do, hetells us what he did, which was to make4&lt; one of the greatest contributions to Eli- zabethan Drama : he gave it a stage. "Nowadays the critics would blamehim for being so material.... would ask44 what have bricks and mortar to dowith Drama?—no, Mr Burbage, it isthe word which abides.... the word isthe spirit of Drama—the word....Words, words, words. DRAMA, MUSIC-DRAMA, ANDRELIGION, by Ramsden B aim- forth. The Year Book Press, London.THE author brings to this study allthat knowledge of Ethical andReligious values which he revealed inhis 44 The Bible from the Standpointof the Higher Criticism. " He holdswith Hamlet that 44 the play's the thing,wherein I'll catch the conscience of theKing, " and King Demos, ie : official- dom, is the King he would see worstedby the best propaganda plays.He finds the plays of Mr Galswor- thy, Mr G. B. Shaw, Ibsen and others44 are so effective in their moral andspiritual appeal: " praises the PassionPlays for this reason, and the music- dramas of Wagner.To these last he devotes nearly thewhole of his little 93 page book, andone feels that he is probably exact inhis estimate of Wagner as aiming al- ways toward righteousness. THE LIFE AND DEA TH OF SIRJOHN FALSTAFF with an Intro- duction by George Radford. /. M.Dent &amp; Sons. Ltd. 12/6,HORACE Walpole, who oncewrote, relative to Shakespeare's41 Henry IV, " 44 Now I hold a per- fect comedy to be the perfection ofhuman composition, and I firmly be- lieve that fifty Iliads could be createdsooner than another such character asFalstaff ", would surely have welcomeda volume in which the entire Life ofFalstaff in all 44 the joyous, humou- rous and outrageous pitch of his gam*bol faculties " is gathered together andcoordinated from the various plays, asin this attractive volume issued, with14 coloured Illustrations by SignorG. B. Galizzi, from Aldine House the House of Dent. THE DRAMA AND THE STAGEby Ludwig Lewisohn. Harcourt, Brace&amp; Co. New York• $ 2 net.MR Lewisohn is a lucid and pains- taking writer, who likes obser- ving his theatre and setting down whathe observes in little essays. It is acollection of such, originally publishedin The Nation, which he has nowissued in book-form. GREEN ROOM GOSSIP by Ar- chibald Haddon. Stanley Paul &amp; Co.A little volume full of good-na- tured and often amusing gossipabout stage life and stage people bythe dramatic critic of the Daily Express.Mr Haddon has fulfilled his office forthat paper for twenty years without abreak, and has therefore had conside- rable opportunity of familiarizing him- self with theatre conditions behind aswell as before the curtain. He hasalso had the chance of watching andcomparing times past and present, seenmost of the great actors and actressesdisappear, and not seen the arrival ofthose of equal stature, qualified to taketheir places: for, as he asks, 44 If Irvingwere alive, is there an actor in har- ness to-day who would be worthy totie the laces in his shoes? " Thosegrand old actors ", he continues, 44 hadbrains as well as mere deportmentand, though their names 44 may be onlyhearsay to the careless modern playgoer,ignorant of the wonderful traditions ofthe British theatre ", 44 their genius hasbeen made immortal by such pens asthat of Lamb, Hazlitt, Leigh Hunt,Forster, Lewes, and by many a greatpoet of their time ". 4 By jove! he is a soul! ' exclaimed Byron after seeingEdmund Kean; 4 life, nature, truth,without exaggeration or diminution'.4 Garrick's face ', said Dibdin, 4 waswhat he obliged you to fancy it age,youth, plenty, poverty, everything itassumed '.But for all this there are someactors today, and we think Mr. Had- don just the man to discover them. OPERA SYNOPSES, by J. Walker'Mc. Spadden. G. G. Harrop &amp; Co.THIS little volume sets out to be a44 guide to the plots and charac- ters of the standard operas and gives,in fact, the scenarios of nearly seventyof them, including 4 grand 4 romantic 'and 4 light ', and the selection has beenmade with the intention of includingall the operas produced in recent yearswhich are likely to remain permanentlyin favour. These brief, clear outlinesof the various stories together with listsof the characters, the manner in whichthe parts are distributed among the dif- ferent voices, the dates of first produc- tions, and other like details, will beof service to many who would be gladto be more familiar with these things. CONFESSIONS OF AN OPERASINGER by Kathleen Howard....A. A. Knopf. 1918. New York. $2.IF anyone wishes to learn what womanfeels like when struggling to succeed, tobe an operatic singer, determined todo this in Germany and America,—this book will explain. Miss Howardmet with several adventures and someof these she tells us about. I haveplaced it on my shelf side with QueenVictoria's 44 Life in the Highlands "not because it is at all like that work butbecause it is so unlike ; indeed QueenVictoria could not have written thepassages on 44 Travels " pages 14 and245 of the 46 Confessions. " by John Cournos. Wm Hei- nemann. 7/6 net.Mr Cournos needs no introduction,and this book 44 Babel " has alreadybeen introduced to our readers by histwo former books, 44 The Mask " and44 The Wall M.44 Babel " is a readable book. Ithas all the qualities of a popular bookand a dozen qualities of a book whichcannot be popular.These are not thrust forward—oneis less aware of the author than oneis of his characters. The place wherein they move isLondon—sometimes Paris and NewYork—but London is the Babel.These is a scene of the death of awoman which is one of the very bestthings Mr Cournos has done, and afigure 44 Judith, " who seems destinedto pass into another book and becomea very famous creation.It is a human book and full of no- ble things. Above all things very rea- dable.... and since books are writtento be read it is fortunate for Mr Hei- nemann to have found what mustprove to be one of the best sellingnovels he has ever handled, and be- fore long to enter its 15th thousand. A VALUABLE CATALOGUE, (a)THERE are some things which takerather longer than others beforeone can learn how good they are.And a good Catalogue of Books islike that.The value of the Catalogue of Thea- tre Books which was prepared in 1922by Mr G. H. Palmer assisted byMr A. van de Put grows on me everylime I use it.... and anyone who isstudying the Theatre will find it ofthe utmost service to him.Not only books dealing with theNew Movement are catalogued, butthose dealing with the Theatre ofpast ages.I do not know if the Catalogue isstill procurable, but if it be so I adviseeveryone who reads The Mask forpurposes of study to make sure of se- curing a copy. (a) '• List of IVorfcs on the Art of theTheatre in the Victoria and Albert Mu- seum Library. " (no date) issued in 1922. DAS INDISCHE DRAMA by SlenKonow. Leipzig. Vereinigung Wis- senschaftlicher Veileger. 1920. 5-jIn one of those able Brochures whichthe Continent is always yielding us forthe price of a few pence ProfessorKonow condenses in 138 pages anenormous amount of learning, the re- sult of (one imagines) years of re- search.It is a book to be read with Dr Coo- maraswamy's 44 Mirror of Gesture, "and like that book it emphasizes thepoint that, except these plays be per- formed in India and before a specialaudience of those initiated in the pre- cise meaning of gestures, the sense ofthe play will escape us.Professor Konow points out that theaudience should consist of none but the most intelligent; an awful blow for thelow brows.... but at any rate no com- fort for those on high, for it is a pe- culiar intelligence, ie. a Hindu intelli- gence, which is required.With our European Stage as it is,and our English Stage where it is, itnot a book which can help us verymuch.Mr Horace Hayman Wilson's 44 Se- lect Specimens of the Theatre of theHindus " 1827 is, one would imagine,more to our purpose, till one rea- lizes that one has had it to no pur- pose for close upon a hundred years. A HISTORY OF ART by Dr. G.Carotti. Vol. 111. Translated by JanetRoss ; with 357 Illustrations. Duck- worth &amp; Co. London. Price 8/—.HISTORIES of Art are as a rulelifeless things, and are generallybulky affairs: and I like this Historyof Art because it is one of the smal- lest of books (barely larger than aTauchnitz volume) and not lifeless.For me the life of History is in theamount of dates, references and barereports of what remains. n Perhaps 11and n it seems n are words a Historianshould avoid, and Dr. Carotti and hisTranslator avoid them.To judge from this volume dealingwith the art of Upper and SouthernItaly in the middle ages, Art would seemto be all contained in churches andpalaces.Was mankind of that age always ina church and for ever holding com- mittee meetings in some Palazzo dellaRagione? Was it all the time on pa- rade ? one asks oneself. If not, whereare the signs of Art in the everydayhouses, ...in the off hours especially.Or were there none ?If there was Art at such times andin such places why does not Dr. Ca- rotti show us some examples? His 357tiny illustrations give us superb chur- ches, crosses, thrones, pulpets, doors ofchurches, candelabre, cloisters and tombs:but of art in the every-day life thereare no visible signs.And so, if not lifeless, this Historyis not quite real anough.I suppose a plough or an oven cannotbe called a work of art, and to men- tion one and show us one (if one exist)would be playing at History when thereare fifty cathedrals, sixty bishop's thronesand seventy tombs pushing to the fore.Yet to introduce a few lowly itemslike ploughs, ovens, barrels and othersuch humble things might perhaps stirsomething of us which does not stir atthe overwhelming sight and story of the ecclesiastical and civic life with the lifeplucked out of it.Dr. Carotti is a ucky man to haveenlisted Mrs Strong and Madame Berylde Zoete as translators of his first twovolumes and now to have Mrs JanetRoss's erudite and sympathetic assistence. POUR MESURE parWilliam Shakespeare: traduction etpreface de Guy de Pontales, ornernenisgraves sur hois par Jean-Louis Gam- pert. Paris. Societe Litteraire de France.1921. Frs. 30. net,One thousand copies have been is- sued of this finely printed book, (prin- ted by M. Paul Herissey at Evreux).The preface is charming and char- ming too are the wood engravings byM. Garnpert, designs not in the leaststagey, but most dramatic.The cuts seem to have been printedfrom the wood blocks, so that collec- tors have more than half a dozen piecesof original work, and for the small sumof thirty francs. CATALOGO DEL MUSEO TEA- TRALE ALLA SCALA. II PiccoloCicerone Moderno. No, 12. Alfieri &amp;Lacroix. Milano.IT is the rule aud not the exceptionthat all the historical work dealingwith the Italian Theatre is good. Butthe catalogue of the Museo Teatrale ofthe Teatro Scala in Milano is very bad.Let me say at once that it was printedbefore Signor Scandiani came into powerthere.The collection itself is a very prettyone, only I have always found diffi- culty in getting to see it when I wantedto. So far as I can gather it is opento those who are spectators at the af- ternoon and evening performances, andto no one else; and as the waits be- tween the acts are never more than tenor fifteen minutes, I was never able togive proper time and thought to thecollection as I should like to have done.I should also like to find in the Museotables at which I could write as I study.But there are no tables, and many ofthe prints are hung too high for me tosee in detail. Yet a design for thetheatre must be studied close at handand not far off.So when I visited the collection Iwas disappointed. But I said, 44 I shalltake the 1 16 page catalogue away with'me and it shall tell me all that I needto know ".I got it home, but found, as I havesaid, that it was very bad.I like to see the name of AdrienneLecouvreur as it is written. 1 do not want her translated into Italian "Adria- na Nor do I like to hear of Gio- vanni Filippo Kemble or Signora Do- belin. I wish to hear of John PhillipKemble and Fraulein Dobelin. As forDavide Garrick as Amletto who diedin Londra, ...it sounds and looks drollto me. He is David Garrick, he actsHamlet and he died in London. Iknow some of us write of Julius Caesarwho died in Rome, but when wedo so we are at fault. We shouldwrite of Giulio Cesare who died inRoma.There are too many entries of athletesand gladiators in this volume. Thereis even " una tigre ed un lione "....not marionettes as one might expect,....but Roman plaques.Then we have an odd entry underscenografia: it runs: " I. Gioachino Ros- sini Maestro compositore. "It is a bust in bronze by Maricchotti,and it has nothing whatever to do withscenografia.As many of the exhibits in the mu- seum are very interesting, they deservea better catalogue, and I hope thatSignor Scandiani will see that one ispublished. FASCISM by Odon Por, Translatedby E. Townshen d. The Labour Pub- lishing Co. Ltd. 7/6.A small book of over 300 pages onthis practical Movement scouted byeveryone two to three years ago as" impossible " dangerous "or " non- existent ".It is a clear and practical book,showing in what way Labour is closelyconnected with Fascism : showing alsohow Fascism possesses Labour "has not, ....the power of appealing tothe imagination of a people, pro- vided imagination has not been utterlycondemned as a worthless quality bythe people's rulers.There is something about /E in thevolume. \CONTEMPORARY DRAMA INIRELAND by E. A. Boyd. TheTalbot Press, Dublin, Price 61- net./CONTEMPORARY Drama.... andin Ireland.I grow depressed holding this bookin my hands, .... turning its leaves. It'stoo tragic.... this "Tenebrae". Itsaddens me too much: ....the lightscannot be lighted again. Whether itmatters or no I can't say, it saddensme too much.As I turn the book I see the nameEdward Martyn, -and there too are William Butler Yeats, Synge, Colum,Gregory, Boyle and /E....What is it all about ? I thought Iwas sure what it was all about: butthe wind is howling outside as I writethis, and were I to open a windowto see the last lights in the room wouldall go out." Lennox Robinson is one of themost important of these writers for hehas shown I have heard the Irish actors andseen them on the stage. I like themso much. They came to London, wentto America, and it all seemed some- thing like a foreign company going therounds; there was something they seem- ed to be wanting to say: it was asthough they wished to do something.But I cannot tell what it was theywanted to say or do. I am only forthe moment conscious of " Tenebrae MUSIC IN SPAIN by Carl VanVechten. A. A. Knopf. New York•1918. $ 1.50.MR Van Vechten may be trust- worthy in his facts about themusic in Spain: from a former workof his we should have judged him fittedto write better about the castles there. HET TONEEL DECOR by J. W.F. Buning; A Reeks Monograph ofthe Toegepaste Kunsten, W. L. &amp;J. Brusse. Rotterdam. Holland.IN a small brochure of 47 pages il- lustrated by 44 interesting designs,plans, and projects, Mr Werumens Bu- ning of Amsterdam gives us a greatdeal of information about the Dutchhistory and methods of decorating theirstages since 1908, all valuable to thehistorian. He takes M. Appia's " Diescenische illusion liegt in der Lebendi- gen gegenwart des darstellers " as hismotto, and, in the designs he showsus, proves that if theoretically this bethe truth, the practice of performers isto depend on a good deal beside theirown gegenwart,.... in fact they are toleave the task of creating the illusionto an enormous extent to the scene,and the more expressive the scene thebetter ; the more that expression leavenothing to the imagination the easier.Practically all the 44 designs arenew to us, unless by chance we havebeen in Holland lately, and even thensome are still quite new.I cannot make out exactly what isthe price of this brochure, (which hasa charmingly designed wrapper in co- lours), but it seems to be at most avery few shillings. WHAT THE BUTLER SAW, byEric Horne (Butler) ; T. WernerLaurie Ltd. Price. 12/6 net.THIS is a book rather like that volumeof " Reminiscences " by MichaelKe11y,... the one Theodore Hook wrotefor him in 1826.It's good reading, easy reading,...was it easy writing ?.... and whowrote it ?These kind of books are in someways so rich that, if they never be- come celebrated or the writers of themvalued, the stuff in them serves manyanother author in the centuries tocome,For there is live stuff in such books.It lives on, but is always kept downuntil it has been squeezed of all itsjuice by authors; some hundred yearslater it is reprinted, few copies sold,still talked of by authors and others,and yet never held to be worth much.Like the butlers and actors them- selves, these books often have more inthem than their betters, and yet 'tisstyle which we value in man and inbooks, and I suppose we.are right inour valuation.And since we have here our butler'sword for it that style is what countswith him, the vote goes to style.... theold style. MAH JONG by Etienne. Methuen :Price 3/6 net.THIS is a useful little book, andenables everyone easily to learnhow to play the fascinating game ofMah Jong. It is besides prettity boundand clearly printed. BOOK NOTES. "PLAYWRIGHTS ON PLAY- MAKING" by Professor Brander Mat- thews has come out. A Manchesterpaper said that " The strength of his(Prof. Brander Matthews's) book is inthe advocacy of the theatrical for thetheatre. "That's right! We too feel that theTheatrical is, in away, made for theTheatre. At Columbia University ithas never led to much. o " WHO'S WHO AT SEA o" Who's Who at Sea " seems to bea new book just issued. This is goodnews, for we have always wanted toknow more about five or six of theEnglish Dramatic Critics. THE PENNY GAFF. HOW pleasant it is to hear MrWalkley in his new book lecturingthe crowd and its popular-minded criticsScott and Sarcey on the weakness ofits common-sense 44 in confrontation withany new movement ".44 Their criticism *\ writes A. B. W.14 though influential, can hardly be saidto have been an influence for good ".And then it is that he tells us whereit 44 broke down " : 44 both men....were absolutely 4 floored ' by Ibsen ".New movements should not, of course,44f100r" popular-minded critics. But whatif they 44 floor " superior minded ones ?Vide A.B.W on the Theatre Exhibition.It cannot be possible that Mr. Walk- ley, Mr. Clement Scott and L'OncleSarcey are all popular-minded critics....or is it possible ?Still, one thing is as good as ano- ther to write about if one writes aswell as A. B. W„ But to become adramatic critic and remain one for fifty- three years on this plea may notbe exactly 44 an influence for good ".only that.That is being popular minded withthe cynics.... no proper minded cyniccares twopence for the Theatre as anart or an institution. He will, if hehave some sense, use the Theatre :live by it even,... live on it,... butcare for it ?... 44 LawksWell, who knows : may be in timehe comes to learn to care for it morethan all else; for nature is even morecynical than he, poor boy, and willbring his head to the dust, his lips evento the tattered edge of the muddy skirthe once so slightingly sneered at.MR St John Ervine, but late theDramatic Critic of 44 The Obser- ver ", once told Mr Craig, that heshould be less self-reliant and should learn to depend on the 44 pooled in- telligence " of people.If Mr Craig should ever come to atheatre of his own is it not more thanlikely he would prefer to depend upontheTunique intelligence of some one likeMr St John Ervine ? We put it to you.But Mr Ervine has lately gone onebetter than that, and has referred toMr Craig's 44 damned personality ".This in 44 Drama ", the organ of theBritish Drama League t00,... ratherodd !... and in comment upon a letterof Mr John Semar's, which, by theway, bore no allusion to Mr Craig at all.Thus is the sweet and gentle perso- nality of Mr Ervine most adequatelyrevealed to all.WE asked in our last where wasSir Gerald Du Maurier, whereMiss Viola Tree, where Miss NielsonTerry at the opening of the Interna- tional Theatre Exhibition in London.Now we know where Sir Gerald was....in Fleet Street preparing 44 Stage Props ".44 Stage Props " is a monumental li- terary achievement of the present lea- ding lights in the London theatre. Ifyou have not seen it, secure it, and itwill illuminate for you the present con- tentment of the theatrical profession inLondon.44 Stage Props is to be purchasedat all book sellers. LONDON PARTICULAR G. C. " London Particular (or London ivy)," a thick yellow or black fog, the product"of certain atmospheric conditions and11 carbon : formerly peculiar to London ;41 Now common in ?nost large manufactu- " ring cities situated near water and lying" low. (1832)J. S. Farmer &amp; IV. E. Henley.. 44 A Dictionary of Slang 1912.T TNDER this Heading we intend toreprint a few of the brightestparagraphs on the Theatre, etc. from theLondon Press or Books. Not exactlyIncorrect—not quite correct—just bright.We reprint them so that our friendsin America, France and Russia cansee from far off just how it is that En- gland has secured the £fW of theatreshe has at present, and in the hopethat the younger members of the Theatrewill do something with us to get abetter 1 heatre.I mused: 44 The critics and the ama- teur critics said they couldn't under- stand my book: words perhaps are dif- ficult to manage: let us read the news- paper ".I take up a London Daily. I seethat sun spots are giving our worthytown cause for much uneasiness. What are sun spots ? I wondered.44 Where's the Encyclopaedia ", I callout: it comes; I turn to 44Sun", andthis is what I find.44 Sun.44 .... Observations of the sun-spots44 show that the sun rotates in about 2544 days, but the lower latitudes rotate44 faster than the higher. The con- -44 tinuous spectrum yielded by the pho- -44 tosphere is crossed by thousands of44 dark lines (Fraunhofer lines) due to44 absorption by the gases of the chro- -44 mosphere. Comparison of these with44 the spectra of terrestrial substances44 has led to the identification of many44 elements in the sun. The lower layer44 of the chromosphere consists chiefly of44 metallic vapours, which give the so- -44 called 4 Flash' spectrum of bright44 lines at total solar eclipses. Promi- -44 nences are now observed by means44 of the K line of calcium, which ele- -44 ment is present to a notable extent44 in the chromosphere. Quiescent pro- -44 minences, consisting chiefly of hydro- -44 gen and helium, are of various forms44 and may reach an altitude of 70,00044 miles ".And this is a passage from theEditor's Preface : 44 .... Such a work44 as this would be of little value in- -44 deed if it did not deal with the terms44 which daily emerge in speech and wri- -44 ting—the words in this work have ge- -44 nerally been hoarded with miserly44 care, the only provision being that at44 no time should clearness be sacrificed.44.... Science and philosophy, in which.44 the 44 average man "is legitimately so44 interested, are both expounded so far44 as possible in the language of ordi- -44 nary speech....".Nothing could persuade me to giveaway the name of this popular, and ge- nerally first-class little Encyclopaedia.I have enjoyed it so often : often it isvery informing. But what is one tothink of words when an average mangets an utterly unilluminating passagelike this, purposing to be a clear re- port as to sun-spots 44 in the language of ordinary speech n ? ATTENTION! From THE WEEKLY DESPATCH.Oct. 21.1923. Carmelite House. E. C. 4.The new theatrical partnership ofSir Alfred Butt and Mr Basil Dean atthe Queen's Theatre is one of the verybest things which could have happened.*To see vast interests like those of SirAlfred working in harmony with ge- nius such as that of Mr Dean, shouldmake an appeal even to the gloomyheart of Mr. Gordon Craig. LETTERSTO THEEDITORJANUARY1924 MR GORDON CRAIG &amp; AMERICA. Yours sincerely,Gordon Craig. Dear Semar :MAY I draw your attention to a statement made in anEnglish paper and attributed to Mr Nathan to the effectthat Mr Arthur Hopkins made me an offer of $ 100,000to go to America which I refused.As many may imagine from this that someone or otherhas made me such a definite offer on Mr Hopkins s behalf, Iwish to let you know that I have never received any suchoffer, therefore I can have refused none.I feel sure that Mr Nathan made a rather differentstatement to the reporters, and that they would have reportedcorrectly had they understood it. Rapallo, Italy. P. S, - By the way, should I ever go to America itwould not be to produce a play or two. 1 should gothere as anywhere else to be of use in helping to developethe powers of any new American Theatre, that felt I couldbe of some permanent use, not to show off my own powers. PRE-RAPHAELITE OPERA. FaithfullyR. T. Vade. Sir:I cannot quite understand how it is that the Musical Criticon the " Manchester Guardian" comes to speak of" Louise ** by Charpentier as " a Pre-Raphaelite Opera .The 1912 edition of the u Dictionary of Music andMusicians" (Grove) has no word about Pre-RaphaeliteOpera. It is, then, a 1913-1923 label, and describesa music, I suppose, rather like Pre-Handelian architecture.But there again, what is Pre-Handelian architecture ?As well call a certain breed of calf Pre-Turtle.The music previous to the time of Raffaele Santi, ie:Raffaello,—and never Raphael—was the same music asthat which came after him. He lived between 1483 and1520 and the first opera came along in 1600.How Charpentier's opera " Louise " can resembleopera which never existed is a little puzzling.After stating that this is a " Pre-Raphaelite operathe Critic later on says; li Pre-Raphaelitism in detailtends if over done to endanger rather than strengthen thewhole ". Again, " He has put everything on the boardswith a Galsworthyan impartiality and fairness 9 .So Galsworthy is a Pre-Raphaelite too,—and Raphaelis partial and unfair, as is every other artist since 1520and the age of Ruskin. — Wonderful. Heath Street, Hampstead. MODERN ENGLISH SOCIETY COMEDY. Faithfully,Benjamin Rossen. Sir:I have been reading many plays since Mr Rankin put hisquestion in Volume 9 asking if someone could name amodern English society comedy or comic opera equal forbrilliance of treatment and sanity of thought to " TheSchool for Scandal" and "The Beggar's Opera".The result of my search is that no such comedy hasturned up.I cannot answer the second question, why none hasbeen found by me, for I may not have searched in theright district.I am rather a believer in the gloomy theory that incertain periods of history the world never gets the finecomedy until the author is dead and gone with the period inwhich he lived ; and I am inclined to think that we areliving through just such a period. Paris. FaithfullyT. Kempees. Sir:I have read no modern play which for brilliance can becompared with " The School for Scandal ", but forsanity of thought surely Mr Bernard Shaw's u Back toMethuselah " is far ahead of that rather too riotous comedy.Mr Shaw in all he does teaches; and to instruct seemsto some of us to be the highest peak of sanity. If wecould only learn from the works of Mr Shaw the lessonsthey have to teach us we should be all of us better men. Easthourne. THE ROMAN MARIONNETTES. Yours,John H. Benton. Sir:MR Manning may be right when he says that money isat the roots of what is so vapid in that London moodwhich gushes over Marionnettes for their worst and turnsfrom their best manifestations. And of course there isplenty of money in London.But I cannot help thinking that a public gets for andfrom itself what it wants. If it wants the silly for thesake of gratifying its sillyness, well, it asks for it andgets it.I was recently at a performance of Marionnettes atMantova. Nothing Shakespearean there.... and nothingsilly either, It is an everyday thing, (as you know) overhere to see a bright little show by marionnettes. But shouldsome Polish Company of Marionnettes come all the wayto Rome from Warsaw or Podloz, would it be able tosurvive without a like excitement such as that worked upby Mr. Cochran in London over the Roman puppets ?For my part I see very little reason for any actors orpuppets travelling a thousand or so miles when they arebest at home.... wherever that may be.I have never yet seen any actors or marionnettes do atall well away from their own house and land. Somethingpriceless still remains in environment, and, being a bit of atraveller in my way, I for one shall never go to a companywhich has apparently come a thousand miles out of its wayso as to be not quite itself. Milano. Faithfully,Mabel Dobson. Sir:I agree entirely with what Mr Manning says. Moneydoes spoil things for us in London. But I don't likeMarionnettes and I am glad when money spoils them.Punch and Judy I do like,... but they aren't Marion- nettes, are they ?I have read your journal since it first appeared, andhope you will go on and on and on and never stop. Notting Hill. INCORRECT. BY THE EDITOR. BOOKS WHERE we correct statements made in hooks we doso in the hope that readers who possess the books inquestion will enter our correction in their margins. J. S. IN " The Plays and Books of the Little Theatre " byFrank Shay published by the Theatre Crafts Exchange,New York, in 1919, and a quite well done booklet, usefuland compact, costing only $ I. mention is made on Page 7,line 2 of Mr Craig's " memorable production of 4 Hamlet 'with black curtains " in Moscow. Not one black curtainwas used.SCAMOZZI, Palladio's pupil who completed the TeatroOlimpico (Vicenza) " built another classical Theatre in1588 in Sabbioneta for the duke Vespasiano Gonzagobut this does not now exist ".John Henry Middleton. M. A. Litt. D. ; F. S. A. ;D. C. etc. in " The Encyclopaedia Brittanica.Vol. XXVI. latest edition).The Theatre fortunately does exist:—an illustrated ar- ticle appeared in the Architectural Review, December 1923describing it.THE picture Figure 42 facing page 342. Vol. 2, Mantzius" History of Theatrical Art" is supposed to representthe Teatro Olimpico of Vicenza.It is altogether an invention. Taken from Riccoboni's" Histoire du Theatre Italien ", face page 116, it is allthe more surprising. Riccoboni and Mantzius could bothof them have given us exact plan and elevation drawings.Ala National Gallery, a Londres, on voit un tableau" de Ferdinand Bibbiena la sc£ne et un" decor de ballet du theatre de Parme vers 1725 *\Bapst. il Essai sur VHistoire " etc. 1893. * Bibiena not Bibbiena is the correct spelling of thename. Bibbiena is the Cardinal, Bibiena the Architect.On page 190 Bapst spells it Bibienna which is againincorrect. The stage represented, to which Bapst refers,is not that of Parma. JOURNALS. A QUESTION OF AGE. E. G. C. IN "II Convegno, " Anno IV, Nos. 4-5-6, issued asone book, on page 568 Signor Carlo Linati has madethe error of stating that Gordon Craig was somewhereabout seventy years of age in 1920. Upon our writinghim to ask his precise age in 1920 he sends us thischaracteristic reply: My dear Semar.In 1920 1 was if I remember aright about forty-eightyears old. When I reached Milano and discovered thatCarlo Linati, a resident in Milano, had never been to theTeatro Gerolamo—although he had heard of the place,and had M. Anatole France's guarantee that Marionnelteswere the real thing for a literary man —and Signor Linatiis a literary man;—when I became aware that I was inthe presence of a literary chiel tacking notes, I admit I puton some forty two more years, bringing my age up to ninety.On getting once more into the train and going on to Pa- ris I found I could throw off the age which Signor Linatihad thrust upon me.I did this by recalling that the delightful Signor woreboots, seemed to possess a more or less hearty appetite,had carried himself easily as my guest at the RestaurantSavini and in the Teatro afterwards, and had failed tosee why I had asked a prohibitive sum to do a work Iwished not to do. Yet Signor Linati is also an Avocat.What lent me some extra power to cast off this giftof years was that Signor Linati had at parting asked meto send him a few pages that he might translate them intoItalian and publish them.So I sped towards Paris aged forty-eight, Within theyear I had again put on eight more years, ....I becamefifty-six, (you'll note never seventy), for, though I sentSignor Linati an ounce of work, some three or four pagesto translate, as he so kindly requested me to do, I havenever seen the translation, not even heard if the pageswere used, nay, less, received.Yes, I was as you surmise born in 1872,—the sameyear as Beardsley, Beerbohm and Rothenstein: therefore inthe year 1920 I was forty-eight.But perhaps I am not quite fair on my advocate friend.Possibly working ten to twelve hours a day and some- times fifteen, and mostly for other people, is not away tokeep young. Who knows ?I am now as you know working for myself. Youknow it because I send you about an eighth part of themanuscript I used to send, and about one fiftieth of thewoodcuts too. In 1908 I was sending you a great dea 1,and gladly, for " The Mask.I will not weary you with more. I am putting it allinto a b00k.... or rather into five or six books—for myselfthis time.Kindest regards to M. Florian and friend Ambrose.I thought both their articles in the last volume of " TheMask " very good, and wished I had written them myself.Yours, MR HUNTLY CARTER &amp; M. TAIROFF. ON April 7th 1923 appeared in 44 The Outlook ",London, the following incorrect statement aboutM. Tairoff and his Kamerny Theatre. It was in an articlesigned by Mr Huntly Carter :44 Soviet Russia is wisely sending samples of its best44 spiritual goods the rounds of Europe and America....44 the latest of these travelling exhibits is the Moscow44 Kamerny Theatre Company,... the conception and organi- -44 zation of the Theatre belong to M. Alexander Tairov ".44 (M. Tairov signs his name Tairoff., by the way).So far, except for the suggestion that the Kamerny Theatrefollowed instead of preceding the Soviet Government, all iscorrect,— after deducting the suggestion that the Kamernyis a revolutionary affair on the war-path.It was conceived before the war. As Mr Sayler hassaid very clearly in his book on the Russian Theatre :44 Contrary to the vast majority of Russians, its memberswould rather discuss light and colour and posture than thefuture of the State ".Mr Carter, in suggesting a connection between thisTheatre and M. Lenin's policy, is probably as incorrect as itwould be to suggest that the late Mr Lovat Fraser had beensomehow the tool of Mr Lloyd George.Such slips, however, do not much concern us.Where Mr Carter is positively incorrect is in thefollowing passage :44 To M. Tairoff the actor comes first ". (correct)44 He refuses to have any truck with the opinion expres- -44 sed by Madame Duse that the Theatre must be44 destroyed and the actors thrown on the scrap-heap, or of44 her disciple Mr Gordon Craig who has seen in this44 outburst a demand for a super marionette ". (Incorrect).M. Tairoff considers every opinion held by MadameDuse worthy of the utmost respect and consideration : this one about the actors he understands—and does nottake it literally as do those who want to, and who donot take the trouble to understand it,As for his 44 refusing to have any truck with " the opi- nions of Mr Gordon Craig, we happen to know that heis devoted to them and to the man himself, and does notfear to express it.Of course we all know that Mr Carter cannot just yetget away from his particular sympathies and the ac- companying outbursts. Well and good :—to each his ownopinion. But it has always been, and will always be anerror, and a very great error too, to mix up Politics andArt, and to assert that because a Theatre happens to beRussian it is making 44 Bolchevist Propaganda in Paris ",or, when English, English propaganda in TimbuctooThat all the Theatres in Russia as well as the books,papers, picture-galleries, concert halls and the rest are undera Soviet rule is understood. With the success of that rulethey may prosper ; at its destruction they will not be des- troyed. For it is a spiritual thing, is it not, this thing wecall Art, and not really concerned with likes and dislikes ofsystems of local government.This Theatre performs Racine's 44 Phaedre "—in whichwe are told by everyone Madame Koonen gives an unfor- gettable performance. We can well understand that. Butwhere do politics come in?,., what is Russian in Racine's44 Phaedre " ? —Did not London and Paris adore the inter- pretation by Madame Sarah Bernhardt night after night?...did not every Conservative, Liberal and Radical in QueenVictoria's two Houses say that it and she were perfect ?What the English Parliament approves with a rare burstof enthusiasm can hardly be in the least politically disturbing. 44 La Fille de Madame Angot " is another piece oftheirs : 44 Romeo and Juliet " another. Do these two pieceshail from Moscow ? We always thought one was by merrylittle Lecoq of Paris and the other by young Shakespeareof Stratford-on-Avon. Bolchevic !!! ! ?Then comes 44 The Man who was Thursday ", a piece,we imagined, that did sound a bit shattering: —we even gues- sed that Trotsky might be the author, until we were told thatChesterton, our own Chesterton, had written it. Reallyfolk are comic who find in these four pieces signs ofterror and trouble.To continue the list:—44 Sakuntala " (the first piecethey produced) is not by Lenin,—it is by an Indian. NotMr. Ghandi but one Kalidasa and translated into Englishin 1789 by our own Sir William Jones. It is not aTragedy ; 44 the Hindus in fact have no Tragedy " writesHorace Hayman Wilson in his 44 Select Specimens of theTheatre of the Hindus 1827.Then came 44The Playboy of the Western World" whichis not by Chicherin ; 'tis a little trifle by the late poet Synge ;—Synge of Ireland, not a mythical being from Caucasus.Next 44 Life is a Dream " by Calderon of Spain,(1600-1681): next 44 The Fan", not by Tchekov—butby the mild and happy Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni(1707-1793). Next 44 Le Mariage de Figaro " by Beau- marchais (1732-1799). This we admit is rather a blood- curding piece.... and we have never known how it can betolerated by any but Latins in the south—where the blooddon't curdle. Rostand's 44 Cyrano de Bergerac ", Shake- speare's 44 Merry Wives ",... and a few Russian andGerman pieces complete the programme of M. Tairoff.But enough. Artists, especial.y those who abhor gloomyrealism—that is to say very quiet and very sad and verydeadly representations of sordid or middle-class life—arenot and never can be 44 political "... nor tend to unrest.It's Realism which makes for trouble.Callot, Rubens, Fragonard, Giovanni Bellini, Blake,because these painted must they be painting for some po- litical purpose ?Slightly different is it when we come to men likeGilray, and Leandre, for example. There we have theobviously paid propagandist of yesterday. Do any English- men recall the Leandre touch? Ah—but modern pro- paganda is a thousand times more subtle— subtle nonsense—so subtle that it's not seen. No, Propaganda has to bedirect to be of value :—direct—vividly what it is. In short,Propaganda must be seen and heard or the fools for whomit's intended won't get it.—Again, enough. TWO MORE ERRORS. 44 \Y/E are getting very tired of Mr Gordon Craig'sVV notion that scene designing comes before the workof the dramatist, just because scene designing is Mr Craig sjob. How far, far wiser is Mr Frank Vernon etc.L. Godfrey Turner in 44 The Gentlewoman ".II August 1923.The incorrect thing about this is that it is not Mr GordonCraig's notion. Is it Mr Turner's perhaps ?Again, in the same paper, on September Bth 1923,Mr. Turner comes out with this:44 The rumour of a visit from Mr Gordon Craig to sprinkleour stage with angular shadows has happily proved but afalse alarm;" ....which looks like currying favour withMr Craig. The copy of the press cutting sent to TheMask was signed L. God. We take it to be only MrTurner's name in little. FOREIGN NOTES. PARIS. A. C. LAST autumn a strike of scene-shifters occurred at theGaiete Lyrique theatre in Paris during a performance,as a result, according to the 44 Matin "of the management'srefusal to receive two members of the Union who wishedto know what steps were being taken regarding a recentdemand for higher wages.The management summarily dismissed 13 of the strikerswhile actors and members of the chorus changed the scenesand saw to everything so that the performance could go on.Which is of course the sensible thing to do.And suppose the management had refused to receivetwo members of the Actors' Union? Suppose tomorrowtwo actors should knock at the door of some Manager'ssanctum and begin to tell him that the actors wanted toknow what steps were being taken regarding recent demandsof theirs ;... would the manager summarily dismiss 13 actors(13 for luck), and would the scene-shifters and otherhands take up their parts ?Justice and common-sense says they should. The tunethe Gander may be eaten to can be played while the Goose goes down,—what ? WIEN. R. S. o SPELLBOUND. oTHE following is from a seriously managed London'journaldated October, 1923. (The italics are mine R. T.).o SHAKESPEARE IN VIENNA, oAUDIENCE OF 4,000 SPELLBOUND.{From our own Correspondent).VIENNA.44 HPHE extraordinary success of Shakespere's " Richard II"1 at the Burgtheater is the outstanding feature of the44 theatrical season in Vienna. Every seat in the State44 theatre, one of the largest and handsomest in the world,44 has been sold for the first three performances.44 During the struggle of the last five years to keep44 alive the Burgtheater, which was never meant to pay44 its way, for the building alone cost nearly £, 2,000,000,44 new settings of Shakespeare have been the most suc- -44 cessful expedients. But 44 Richard II " is the best Shake- -44 spearean production here under the Republic, and will44 be played several nights weekly till the spring.44 There is no orchestra, The scenery is of great44 beauty, but the stage pictures are mainly ingenious com- -44 binations of lighting, draping of the wings, and ingenious44 and tasteful grouping of colours in costumes and backcloths.44 The note of the production is refined realism, not44 that of furnishings and trappings, but dramatic realism.44 The audience sits spellbound. Such silence maintained 44 by 4,000 people I have never known in a London44 theatre. If people want to cough they go out into the 44 corridor. " We don't think we can better this, so leaving it asit stands we beg leave to go out into the corridor. Eld. MILANO. D. N. L. EAGER anticipation was aroused by the news that theDirectors of the Scala were going to produce an operawith the scenes designed by M. Adolph Appia, and that thegreat Swiss artist was coming in person to oversee the work.The result has been a keen disappointment: adequatejudges do not hesitate to say an utter failure. I was told by one whose opinion was of especial weightin the matter that the Theatre is incapable : but it hardlyappears to me that the fault lies there.The Scala is not incapable: it is a finely organizedand newly equipped theatre of immense capacity alongcertain lines. The mistake would seem rather to lie in thefutility of trying to put new wine into old bottles.The Dramatic Critic of the 44 Corriere della Sera "describing this [production writes (December 21st), aftertreating at some length of the mise en sc£ne and the me- taphysical intention and concept of the artist: —44 Now in44 practise, what happens? The public is not aware of the44 symbolic meaning sought in the contrasts of light and44 darkness, in the persistence of the gloom and of other44 scenic particulars. It perceives before it the real fact :44 and since it of this and of this only that it receives the44 impression ", he declares that, instead of the sense of place,and an intimate consciousness of the poet's concept, beingproduced, 44 it ends by finding itself bewildered and astray ".But surely this is no evidence of failure the artist's concep- tion, but merely testifies to the confused stage conditionswith their contradictory elements, their mixture of realismand symbolism, of the natural and the unnatural, of thereal and unreal.The beauty and nobility of M. Appia's conceptions ispatent to all, but they need entirely different conditions,.... a new theatre .... for their realization.This unfortunate experience of M. Appia's only goesto confirm the already strong conviction of Mr GordonCraig's wisdom in refusing to exhibit his advanced workin any existing theatre, or to enter one to work, until it bea Theatre of his own.His friends are very frequently asked how it is hedoes not bring his work before the public on the stage ofthis theatre or that, and why, when invited, he asks whatare called 44 prohibitive prices ".He does this for the protection of his work: andit is to be hoped that this failure at the Scala will teach people a few things they need to be aware of. NEW YORK. C. T. MONSIEUR REINHARDT and Mr Morris Gest appearto have invited trouble by engaging two ladies toshare the role of the Madonna in 44 The Miracle Re- ports have already appeared in the papers that the Prin- cess, who was formerly Madame Carmi and the originalperformer oft his part, has objected to having the role sharedby Lady Diana Cooper, whom these gentlemen, in theinnocence of their hearts, (or the cunning of their notions)had engaged to play it on alternate nights.We have heard before of the courage of the Impresario.Messrs Reinhardt and Gest must indeed possess it if they could so blithely go out to meet trouble halfway. EDITORIAL NOTES. LANGUAGE AND OPERA. THERE has been quite a littleto-do in Manchester about themixing of Languages in Opera. Butit led nowhere :—that's the pity.One half of the city agreed that itenjoyed Opera without knowing a wordof Italian or French; the other halfthat they have enjoyed an opera with- out knowing a word of English ; butthat is a little exaggeration, for, afterstaying a year or two in Manchesterevery foreigner can pick up enoughoperatic English.Is anyone nowadays really expected'to take the words of Opera very serious- ly ? In Metastasio's day perhaps itwas as well to listen to each word.But of course to ask us today to takeseriously, to reason calmly and withquietism on a chorus as it sings: —We go, we go, we go—we go—we go :we go to the hills—we fly—we fly—we go, we go, we go, (repeat four times),to be aware of the sense of this andto note that no one stirs, that no onedreams of going—would be to makean ordinary Manchester manufacturer©f bicycles, for example, or of motorcars, let us say, feel a little uncomfor- table. He would certainly have somereason for believing that if the forty- two people lined up behind the foot- lights and yelling at him are in earnest,it is a slight on his whole existenceand his manufactury, which, till heheard what he now hears, he alwaysconsidered a going concern. To him allthis would be as prelude to a strike.But all this will be put right iflibrettisti will only turn to ACCA (a) ;or managers and musicians turn to thepoets, and a new leaf be turned overfor the public.Our readers still like us, we sup- pose, to take it as granted that the Public is not responsible for the stateof its Theatres whether good or bad.We most assuredly would like to believethis now as we did formerly. (a) See page 19. MADAME DUSE IN AMERICA. THE Papers announced in Octoberthat Madame Duse had arrived inNew York after an absense of morethan twenty years and had been en- thusiastically received. After this thePapers began a little exaggeration—wesuppose at the order of some distin- guished Impresario.She was to be considered as theguest of the American Government.Her Baggage passed without inspec- tion.... 44 like an ambassador's. " Thepolice were given orders to stop theNew York traffic wherever her automobile passed.It is this sort of nonsense, this likeningof actors and actresses to Ambassadors,even Kings, (only for Kings, and veryrarely, is the traffic of a great citystopped), which renders the Theatreridiculous.... and it is we of the Theatrewho beg leave to say so. It renders italso more and more of a failure—itundermines its strength.There is of course not more than anounce of truth in those reports. Ma- dame Duse is above all performers themost modest disliking that froth of deepfeeling, which short-sighted Impresarios,however distinguished,always employ withthe people of a nation whom they despise.When will all this tomfoolery stopthese unnecessarily distinguished impres- sario-isms be rendered valueless by theappearance of a real impresario whoplays up to not down to the Publicsof the world ? who really respects theintelligence of the American People.When Papyrus arrived in NewYork he too was escorted by policethrough the traffic which was stopped. SUBSTITUTES FOR WORDS. 44 T ET us have no deliberate substi-JL-i tutes for words in the Theatre. "Harold Brighouse. (4t Writer of playsand fiction. " ' Who's Who. ')Why should this be ?—unless it bethe Theatre of Cochran's 44 DeauvilleBeach Nymphs. "4 4 London said an important Dailypaper in a paragraph written aboutthe time Mr Brighouse wrote, 44 has46 answered the challenge of Paris and44 New York in entering the bathing44 suit and swimming contest that will44 take place on the beach at Deau- -44 ville on July 21. Mr Charles Coch- -44 ran and Mr Albert de Courville 44 announce that several girls from the44 London stage will be sent to com- -44 pete. "Instead of attacking us, Mr Brig- house, Mr Ervine, Mr Turner andthe rest, why not attack Mr Cochranand Mr de Courville? Or is this thesort of thing you find reassuring ? A CRITICISM CRITICISED. A London journal says that whenPavlova danced last season atCo vent Garden she was 44 the wondershe ever was, " and that when 44 sherepeated her two most famous poems inmovement of the old days—the SaintSaens 44 Swan " and the 44 AutumnBacchanal " of Glezunov—the mostjealous eye could not see any fallingaway. "That is all as it should be. Butwhy no word about any advance ?Have any of our readers ever askeda dancer whether she feels she hasmade any progress in her art or not ?We recall hearing the Great Dancerspeak of the progress she was makingin 1920, and already she had outstrippedeveryone by immeasurable distances.(Is it necessary to say we refer toIsadora Duncan....).Just to start a ball rolling may we sug- gest that 44 wonder " is a rare word andone that we should not use too often.As when folk cry 4 Oh * at a pieceof silk, and 4 isn't it wonderful! ;'—or at a lady one admires and shewith but little that is at all to wonderat ;... or exclaim at any verse of poetryand at every drawing 44 oh wonder- ful \" the most wonderful man, "using this word fifty times a week offifty men, women or things.There be a few wonderful menand women assuredly, but everyonewill not every day see a wonderthough it pass under the nose and allcomprehension. CURSED H E B O N A Expressionism in the Theatre is beingexplained to the English cliques, andthe English cliques are as usual eagerlysipping at the explanation, if not drink- ing it in.Mr Harold Brighouse, writer ofplays and fiction, is lending a hand.Some one has told him that this sameExpressionism comes... (hush, not aword)... from Eastern Europe—so n Ba- singstoke it is 11 for Mr Brighouse. Thesame Promptor has told him (takinghim aside)) that in Eastern Europe44 Men felt the Peace atrociously, andthere they saw dramatic means for the expression of their feelings. " Oh, MrSpence, come quickly comere andgasp with us,When in 1912 we were in Manches- ter, Mr Brighouse's town, we werestruck with a thing which no one elsefound at all unusual : we mean thepresence of the foreigner. Chip chipchip chip....Actively, pleasantly busy informingeveryone who wrote, lectured, or couldin any way spread the good word,exactly what was whaf... aathoritively...Manchester listened like a lamb.And we suppose Mr Brighouse has hispresent day information from the localforeigner in that big lounge in the bigHotel: we forget its name.Before the war it was one Germanin particular who would help :—nowit is we suppose some gentleman fromPrague on Russia or Scandinavia.Mr Brighouse writes quite a long co- lumn of good stuff ahout Expressio- nism and goes wrong from first to last,When Mr Brighouse writes fiction hegoes right from start to finish.... forhe uses his own brains, „.his own eyesand ears, his own convictions. But inthis unfortunate article on n Expressio- nism n he is talking in his sleep. Uponhis secure hour, sleeping in his lounge,his custom always of an afternoon R,dear Uncle has stolen with juice ofcursed Hebona and into the porches ofpoor Harold's ear has poured the le- perous dope;... and as you see, instantlyHarold has begun to babble of things;of the 44 older theatre " of 1875-85,where 44 the thing heard was of moresignificance " (signifying nothing,... taletold by....) than the thing seen.Mr Brighouse still keeps up the 1875tradition; when he hears somethingtold he still likes to doubt his own eyes.In 1875 Sir Arthur Pinero was twentyyears old; Mr H. A, Jones was twenty- four ; Mr Shaw nineteen ; Sir JamesBarrie fifteen. Mr Thomas Hardy, onthe other hand, had the remarkable goodluck of being no age at all even as heis today, Mr W. B. Yeats, Mr Mase- field and Mr Bottomley and a numbermore seem to have had the same luck.The result is that while Pinero,Barrie, Shaw and Jones and somehundred more give us acres of mangledwords, Hardy, Yeats, Masefield, Bot- tomley and some dozen more havepreserved the magic of words. Therest of us should be content to labeltheir books and plays 4 some words. *Let us for heaven's sake discriminateas Brighouse asks.Expressionism is just a label callingattention to a certain quality alwaysvalued in art since the year 0ne,... le,expression. England had it. Remember Ro- landson, Defoe, Gainsborough, Byron,Hogarth, Goldsmith, Turner, Blake,Charles Keane, Edmund Kean, PhilMay, Du Maurier, Beardsley, Tenniel.England still has its Nicholson, Pryde,Beerbohm, Symons, John, Huxley, Lewis,Savage, Strachey, dozens of them. Eu- rope has always had expressionists;Daumier, Callot, Macchiavelli, Piranesi,to pick out four from four hundred.And now England poses as wantingto lose this expression it being easier fornobodies to express less than more—andso a band of nobodies have beenadvanced to seats and sit on the matand stay there. Rolandson and the wholeof the old English School preferred torange free and expressed something.That is all that expressionism is.Mr St John Ervine tells us thatnowadays it is the English Ladies who44 wont have it, " and so expression mustcease in our land because a few ladies44 wont have it. "Who knows ? Mr St John Ervinepossibly exaggerates.... but who knows ?possibly not Mr. Ervine. These mat- ters must really be left to other ladies.Only one prayer :—that the matterbe hurried np and settled one way oranother. Let us have either expressiveor noncommittal art, but let us get onand over this prim talk, this pretentiousreporting of mere hearsay; and stop en- couraging folk to tinker at the expense ofEngland with this cursed Hebona in a vial. a OLD PLAY BILLS. o OF the many London Monthly Ma- gazines, few of which are dull*the most interesting perhaps to us isthe Cornhill of October, on accountof the valuable article upon &lt;4 Old Pro- vincial Play Bills*' by Mr. M. J. Landa-As a rule old Play Bills are a bore,but why it is difficult to say. Every- thing about them bores, and yet theypossess every attribute. The paper usedin the olden times was so excellent,the type very often admirable in form,the setting up of the bill executed withconsiderable judgement and often witha charming effect: the long shapes ofthe English bills are fascinating; onefancies one sees them hanging over thebox edge, or one floating down fromthe gallery; one hears the crinkling;noise of them as the old play-goercrunches one up to lock for Mrs Sid- dons's name.But besides their typographical valueand their sentimental charm (and letwho will lose this, we'll not), there istheir undoubted historical value. Andthis is not little. Mr Landa proves it, and his articleshould be secured by every serious stu- dent of the English Drama. Gadzooks,We don't mean that we mean every stu- dent seriously studying the Dramaticworld of England. Mr Landa tells usthat there are 44 hundreds of thousandsof old playbills bound in many hugetomes " stored away in the cellars ofthe British Museum. For the rest youmust get the Cornhill and see whattheir value is.And besides play bills this Octobernumber of the magazine has an excel- lent good thing called 44 Krishna Gowda"by Mr Denny C. Stokes, quite worthslowly reading, ... if 1924 permits youto read slowly.We like to take up such magazinesmany months after they appear anddiscover if the contents have a lastingvalue or not. The Cornhill has. It'snot appallingly full of what the thenMinister of This or That Office isgoing to do and thinks—which is ablessing, since no sooner is he a Mi- nister than he becomes something else—things travelling quite unnecessarilyquickly these days.In the same number is a good Noteon Cardinal de Retz by Maurice Hew- lett. But there are other good thingstoo in that number.If The Cornhill is always as goodits a wonderful 1/6 worth. THERE WERE GIANTSo IN THOSE DAYS, o " T TN gigante dell*Arte, Lorenzov-/ Bernini (1508-1680) colla ma- ravigliosa sua potenza si applico pureal teatro *'.44 A gigantic artist, Lorenzo Bernini(1508-1680), applied his marvellouspower also to the theatre" La Scenografia ". Ferrari.(Hoepli: Milano). page 119.WHAT a man! a marvel indeed.To think that during his shortspan of 172 years he had the time toapply a moment to the teatro!Of Bernini John Evelyn writes: ™19th November.44 ....Bernini, a Florentine sculptor,architect, painter, and poet, who, alittle before my coming to the city(Rome), gave a public opera (for sothey call shows of that kind), whereinhe painted the scenes, cut the statues,invented the engines, composed themusic, writ the comedy, and built thetheatre ! !44 Diary of John Evelynedited by W. Bray. Vol. //,page 118. ON A LONDON CRITIC. MR St John Ervine, one of themost lively of the English dra- matic critics of the last three years,whose weekly column or two in 44 TheObserver " was always vivid, has gonefrom 44 The Observer " and from Drama- tic Criticism.Only for a time, we hope, for therare gift of allowing some genuine lifeto get into a weekly article on a drearytheme (and the London Theatre ques- tions have become dreary, not to usea harder word) is a very preciousthing.Not that Mr Ervine is ever at allprecious in the weak sense of theword; he is sturdy, attacks well, praisesoften as well, and is altogether a va- luable asset. No one less than Ervineneeds that said of him: it is quiteapparent.But Ervine's fault was a particu- larly useless fault. It served no one,and was one his Editor might .havecured him of.We do not allude to his harsh su- perior manner,—a harsh superior man- ner is often what is wanted in a cri- tic. Nor does his seeming lack ofdepth of feeling count, (the feelingwas very shallow in his last 44 Ob- server " article where he bids adieu).The fault was more obvious, andis this :Dissatisfied with the stage in Eng- land, he failed to call for the menobviously needed by the English stage.Such an attitude would have been allvery proper in a man like ClementScott who saw the English Theatre ofhis day as all that was to be desired.All right it is in vany man satisfiedwith existing things. But when tho- roughly dissatisfied with the stage aswas Ervine, it was a grave fault notto have seen more clearly that thesole way to strengthen the stage is toinsist on every one of the best menbeing put into power.This he failed to do. He wouldpraise third-rate men at the expense(to the public) of the first-rate men.He would praise a third-rate book onthe Theatre and dispraise a first-rateone. His plea might be that, HonestInjun, he wrote what he thought;—ifso it becomes clear that he thoughtvery little and not very long.We say this remembering that theEnglish Theatre was and is still notmaking use of her best men." Since Ervine was for ever lamen- ting how hard it was to get Londonmanagers to accept good work " wrotePeter Mc Brien in the 44 Irish Inde- pendent 44 it was not his place todecry good things ".We also want to know from Er- vine himself some day what it was hedid with his energy on the Publicitysub-committee at the Victoria &amp; Al- bert Museum in 1922. We saw veryfew signs of that energy : practically notone rousing article appeared from hispen, and such an Exhibition will notbe seen again for many a long year.On his sub-committee were sixothers: Mr Whitworth, very energe- tic ; Mr Hardie; Mr Shipp; Mr Payne;Mr Ivor Fraser and Mr E. O. Hoppe.Mr Hardie had a thousand otherduties and attended to them: Mr Whit- worth plenty ; but Ervine, clearly theman for the job, seemed somehow tolack the gift for working with otherpeople.... He failed to ppol his in- telligence with that of the other sixwith minds of their own. He neglec- ted his duties, for it was obviously hisduty to make London ring with newsof this Exhibition. 44 The Observer "might have given a whole page to theassembled talents of these Europeanworkers for a New Theatre, for itlater on gave its principal page, (andMr Garvin touched it with his ownparticular wand) to a Theatrical matterand at a moment which were not psy- chologically the matter or the moment.If 44 The Observer " missed fire foronce, it was because Ervine had spikeda gun. We hope some day to hearthe reason for this sudden panic.Before he shook the dust off hisfeet Mr St John Ervine was speakingat the dinner of the Authors* Club,in October last, on the subject of44 Novels and Plays ", and said wewere passing through a period of tran- sition from masculine to feminine. Eve- rything was at the same time deterio- rating. Owing to feminine predomi- nance tragedy vanished, and its placewas taken by comedy. Every healthyand strong nation delighted in tragedy,and every weak and flabby nationcould not bear it.When writers got back to tragedy,gloom, and misery they would help toget a healthy race again. If they wan- ted to get the world back on todecent lines they had to start off withthe gloomiest possible view of it.It is not often that we find ourselvesin sympathy with Mr. St. John Ervine :but here, in away, we do.But we object that Mr Ervinedoesn't jguite understand the problemeven now: he understands so muchand yet not enough.What is all this about Tragedy....as though it were the cause of 44 a heal- thy race " ? It is one of the effects of a healthy race* As for 44 the gloomiestpossible view of the world getting theworld back on to decent lines ", wefeel quite sure, with Mr Ervine, thatgloom can help, but it can't do whathe thinks.The gloom of Tchekov and Do- stojevsky, or Tolstoi and Turgueneffdid something, we suppose, to helpRussia; ancL yet we would as soonhave things different up there as wewould have them different in London.A Tzar may not be all they wan- ted : another Tzar might have been :but to croak out, 44 We want a stork,we are dying for a tragic stork, aterrible stork is essential to us ", seemsto be overdoing it. Those people who,by the aid of the fine-mannered ifdismal Cinema and the confidential ifhusky 44 Whispering in " of the wire- less always learn so much, are apt tomiss very much too.44 Gloomy tragedy, not afraid tolook death in the face " (vide Tche- kov) did a little harm to Russia ifwe mistake not.No : emphatically and regretfully no,that mixture is not to be taken eitherafter or before meals.Fine Tragedy, Comedy, Farce,Dance, Song, Verse, Prose all comealong grandly after a Nation has beento the trouble to shake itself.If ours really shook itself now,Mr Ervine for one would certainlyfall off its back.A STORK IS ESSENTIAL.Go : you may call it madness, folly ;You shall not chase my gloom awaysuch a charm in melancholyI would not if I could be gay.Samuel Rogers. (1763-1855). THE R. A. D. A., LONDON. LAST year the Royal Academy ofDramatic Art gave an exhibition ofwhat its pupils could do at the GlobeTheatre.As this Academy has a full-sized lit- tle Theatre of its own, we are curiousto know why this Theatre was not usedfor the exhibition. Can any readerinform us ?Mr Mervyn Johns won the goldmedal: Miss Rita Page won the sil- ver one: and Miss Madge Bellairs thebronze medal. Miss Juliet Manse wonthe 44 Grein French prize ",—but whatthis is, whether composed of a mixtureof gold, bronze, silver or of goodfresh lead, we have not yet been in- formed. The 44 Manchester Guardian ** as- serts that the idea behind the RoyalAcademy of Dramatic Art 44 is stillwhat it was ten years ago—that is, to make good plastic tfiaterial for theproducer rather than stimulate the ih- dividual's creative instinct and addsthat 44 the present educational methodswill help the poor in spirit at theexpense of thdse who have a realspark within themWe hardly think that Mr. Johns,Miss Page, Miss Bellairs and MissManse will agree with the 44 Man- chester Guardian and for our partwe can only hope that the 44 Guar- dian " is for once incorrect.The reporter in 44 The Observer "said that 44 students are less certainabout their enunciation than they mightbe..., ,f and that 44 many of them sufferfrom unmusical voices H. We hopethat too is all a gross libel. And wecan but believe that there is still plentyof room for this Royal Academy andplenty of work for it to do.And how strange it seems that this,the second Royal Academy of DramaticArt, should have taken so long tocome into existence. The first wasfounded in opened by thePrince of Wales in 1865, and disap- peared suddenly in 1877. Thackerayand Dickens were two of the promo- tors who urged it into existence andthen let it die.1877 seems a long time ago, ON AN ITALIAN THEATRE LAST year, at the period of themost acute crisis of the 44 Teatrodegli Italiani M founded in Rome* thePresident of the Council, Signor Mus- solini, commissioned Senator EnricoCorradini to carry out an enquiry toestablish the vitality or not of the at- tempt. Senator Corradini in August1923 forwarded to the President ojthe Council a letter in which he said .44 Your Excellency,44 In execution of the esteemed com- -44 mission entrusted to me by you I44 have examined the situation of the44 Teatro degli Italiani ". Unfortunately44 the situation, both as regards the44 criteria of the foundation and struc- -44 ture proved such as to be una- -44 ble to be taken as basis for any44 reform and any improvement. This44 being so, I do not hold it oppor- -44 tune to involve the State in any44 expenditure. I beg your Excellency44 to receive the expressions of my" profound devotion.44 Enrico CorradiniAfter that the President of theCouncil decided to take no further in- terest in the fate of the enterprise. No\V what on earth is the meaningbi this lack of ability on the part ofan Italian Theatre to avail itself of anattempt to re-establish it—or a part ofit ? 44 Mysterious " as seem all the waysof the Theatre, this seems curiouslyincompetent.The Italian actors are brilliant... areborn 50.... are the genuine actors. Canit be that they instinctively mistrust44 organization " ? Some sense in that.And yet while most northern Thea- tres have organization, and nothingelse, the Italian Theatre has all elseand only lacks a measure of organi- zation.Or are we wrong here ? Does theItalian Theatre know itself—does itfear lest it might lose its dash, its po- wers to do so well if it took even thelightest yoke on its shoulders ?Well, we are always prepared todiscover that everything the Italiantheatre does from instinct is as rightas rain. NO T I C E THERE have appeared lately morethan once in the Press two erroneousstatements in regard to The Mask :first, that it is edited by Mr GordonCraig at Rapallo ; second, that its firsteight volumes were written by him.Such reports are incorrect.The Mask remains in the samehands as heretofore. Its home is stillin Florence, and it is edited, as ithas been from the first, by Mr JohnSemar.Mr Craig continues to send, ashitherto, his contributions.In regard to the second error, theIndexes of the first eight volumes haveonly to be consulted for it to be seenthat, while Mr Craig has contributedlargely to them, and certainly has acapacity for work, they were not allwritten by him. Such a feat weresurely an impossible one. o ANNOUNCEMENT, o THE pages of the next number of44 The Mask \ to appear in April,will be mainly devoted to Poets, Plays,Playwrights and Play-Writers, withsome special consideration of the Dra- matic work of Mr Thomas Hardy,Mr W. B. Yeats, Mr John Masefieldand other modern poets, and of theplays of Signor Pirandello, Mr Milne,Mr Granville Barker and M. Moli£re :also with some observations on theplays of Blake, Keats, Coleridge andthe unknown author of Maistre Pierre Pathelin: together with some noteson Melodrama, on Opera and itslibretto and on Incidental Music, AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. WE have pleasure in acknowledgingthe courtesy of Grand UfficialeBemporad, of Florence, who kindlyaided us towards securing the reproduc- tion of 44 Li Buffoni (Plate I);and of the Victoria and Albert Mu- seum, South Kensington, for havingenabled us to reproduce the StageScene shown in Plate 2. TO ALL OUR READERS. J. S. WITH the aim of keeping in touchwith every endeavour towardsfine achievement in theatre work, as wellin remote parts as in large centres,we invite our readers all over theworld to cooperate with us by sendingus news of effort and advance in anyand every line of such work, givingus dates and details. We shall wel- come reports of fresh endeavours inbuilding, scenic work and organization,with pictures, photos and plans ; news •of plays which are really original, andreports of acting, too, and new ac- tors ; in short, of all that tends towardsa higher standard in whatever line.Even if the actor be only a begin- ner, the endeavour only in its infancy,let us hear of them, if the right spiritbe manifest in them, the right signsevident in their work.