Bruno's Weekly 3 10 August 19th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-08-19_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 10 Untitled Image Illustration 1 To God the Father Boris Petrovsky cre 3 France, Literature and the War y Remy De Gourmont cre Translated by Richard Aldington cre 3-5 Remy de Gourmont Illustration 4 The Riddle A Sketch by Maxim Gorky or Feodor Sologub, Who Knows? Authorized translation by Guido Bruno cre 5-6 You speak to the withered flower: 6 Who On Earth Am I? Tom Sleeper cre 6-7 Will you stop to bark . . . take care . • . you darn beast! I'll show you! But my dear little doggie, have you no sense of humor? Drawing by Petersen Illustration 7 In Memoriam Stevensons Cora Bennet cre 8 Faith: You, Yourself and Others Cat's Paw cre 8 Memories: New York Elizabeth M. Walker cre 9 In Prison Kewe Sheridan cre 9 T WALK through this barred corridor 9 Drawing by E. Schilling Illustration 9 Tears and Pity Cat's Paw cre 9 An Author's Complaint H. Thompson Rich cre 9 Exclusive Samson V. Becker cre 9 In a cafe. Man, wife, newly married. His best friend. 9 Reilly's Wife—and Mine Hubert James McCurrach cre 10 D EILLY is Irish, 10 Arthur Schnitzler. By Gulbransson Illustration 10 Carlo De Fornaro Bernard Gallant cre 11 Caricature of Fornaro by Jorge Encisco, famous Mexican Painter Illustration 11 Drawn by Herb Roth Illustration 11 The good nature of a fool cannot be compared with the 11 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Oscar Wilde Guido Bruno cre 12 The Folly of Making too Much Money H. M. East, Jr cre 12 In Our Village 13-14 Native Admirer of Art and landlord, by Jack Flannigan Illustration 13 The Flambeau Weavers 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Pasteles in Prose I.—Sacrifice Guido Bruno cre 15 HE two men sat in the summer-house back of the big 15 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Why and How I Got Married 16 The End of Romance R cre 16 31 Years of Married Life T cre 16 In Love After 17 Years Nathalie cre 16 Untitled Image Illustration 16 Books and Magazines of the Week Alexander Harvey cre 17 Peradventure Amy 0. Well cre 17 Jean Orrick Johns cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY IF. Coulton WaughFive Cents August 19th, 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, A tig. 19th, 1916. Original matter,wciudi.l2 all drawing*, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditU given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even Ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall sot)use your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor/' Bruno's Weekly,53 Washington Square, New York City. Every waek those stories which are printed will be paid for at space]rates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of the!marriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request j BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 10 AUGUST 19th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) Rinnn'n Weeklv i&gt;ub I is hod weekly toy Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vioe-Pres.,Walter if and at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written toy GmdoB^Entfr^sPsecond2rfaLeamatter at the Post Office of New York, N. T., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. To God the Father Boris Petrovsky. To the little, pitiful God I make my prayer,The God with the long grey beardAnd flowing robe fastened with a hempen girdleWho sits nodding and muttering on the all-too-big throneof Heaven.What a long, long time, dear God, since you set the starsin their places,Girded the earth with the sea, and invented the day andnight.And longer the time since you looked through the bluewindow of HeavenTo see your children at play in a garden . . .Now we are all stronger than you and wiser and morearrogant,In swift procession we pass you by."Who is that marionette nodding and mutteringOn the all-too-big throne of Heaven?Come down from your place, Grey Beard,We have had enough of your play-acting !"It is centuries since I believed in you,But to-day my need of you has come back.I want no rose-coloured future,No books of learning—no protestations and denials—I am sick of this ugly scramble,I am tired of being pulled about-—O God, I want to sit on your kneesOn the all-too-big throne of Heaven,And fall asleep with my hands tangled in your grey heard. France, Literature and the War y Remy De Gourmont (Translated by Richard Aldington) Remy de Gourmont Vritten shortly after the outbreak of the European Warr HE war cut short all literary activity in France,suppressed in a day all the means by which men ofetters ordinarily derived an income from their art. Thereater part of the Reviews have ceased to appear, or arehly published in a much smaller form; even the dailyapers have suspended all literary or picturesque contribu- bns. It is hardly necessary to say that the publication ofpoks has undergone the same fate. They all stopped shortt the moment when the order for general mobilizationpas received. In the complex labour which is necessaryb the material production of a book, the slightest dis- organization of one of the parts stops the work. But onfhis occasion all were attacked progressively; and a totalbaralysis was the result. Moreover, what was the use|112 publishing books, even if it had been materially possi- )le? There was nobody to buy them, and hardly anyonep read them; it would have been making a present tohe public which the public would not have noticed. Thelewest and most passionate book of the day before mo- ilization did not exist on the day after.Although I was not in Paris on the day of the declara- Iopy right 1916. by Qui do Bruno lion of war, I have been able, since my return, to discoverhow completely it disorganized the literary world, and thecommercial concerns which depend upon the literaryworld. At the end of July the monthly financial accountsof the French publishing houses, with their agencies inthe provinces and abroad, had not been settled. TL herewas, therefore, a lack of money, which had an immediateeffect on the writers themselves. From the first day itwas certain that the literary world would have much tosuffer if the war were to be a long one. When I returnedat the beginning of October, committees of relief had beenorganized for writers, and the "Societe des Gens deLett res" had instituted free dinners for its members. Itis apparent how rapidly distress had broken out since theyhad had to raise such Homeric remedies.It is only now that I begin to understand how closelyeven the most disinterested productions of genius aregoverned by the general conditions of social life. Libertyof the mind is the first necessity, but prosperity andequilibrium of the nation are also necessary. And a nationat war, above all a nation which has war within its ownfrontiers, can never be a prosperous nor a well-balancednation. Even supposing—an absurd proposition—that thewar had disorganized neither commerce nor industry, in- tellectual productions would not have been disturbed.There is a close relation between the different parts of anorganism, and if disintegration had not begun in the lesserparts it would have begun in the greater. It Is impossibleto enjoy one*s full intellectual faculties when the youthof a country is fighting a powerful enemy, when its des- tinies are daily at stake. But the truth is that all partsof the literary organism were attacked at once. Thewriters could not write, the printers could not print, thereaders could not buy and read. The literary organismslept. It still sleeps, and no one knows when it will bereawakened.Now for a few details. The Goncourt brothers, in thefirst pages of their "Journal," note, as one of the mostdistressing events of their literary career* that the coupd'etat of the second of December, 1851, occurred on thenight which preceded the publication of their first book,"En 18—/' As a consequence this book remained abso- lutely unknown, though the confidence, frequently men- tioned, has made its title famous. There is a time forbooks. If the hour passes before the book obtains recog- nition, practically all hope of publicity is lost. The worksof the best writers now appear very late in the summerseason and go straight to readers in the couniry or at theseaside. I know of several books which were going to besent in this way. They have been spared a useless voyage,and they have remained done up in parcels. Others, sentout in July, had just made their appearance on the book- stalls when the terrible day arrived. They are still there.A large number wTere in the printing press, and were tohave appeared during the first days of October, but thepresses suddenly stopped, and their rumbling is silent—ithas not yet begun again. The Reviews for the first ofAugust could not only appear with difficulty, and those which are usually a little late were lost in the first feverof mobilization and their distribution put off till bettertimes. Some were still received on the 15 th or the 20thof August and the text, set up in perfect serenity, seemedrather like a bad joke. Here is a rather touching oc- currence. A new Review founded by young poets cameto me on the first day of mobilization. It was full ofconfidence in the future:"L'avenir, l'avenir est a moi!Sire, 1' avenir n'est a personnel"—(Victor Hugo)At the bottom of what trench do these conscripts lie,what new fever had suddenly made them men of action?I have kept the only number of this Review. It containsmore philosophy than many fat treaties. The future!Yes, but there is the hazard of it all. I have also been avictim, but I should complain if I had escaped. Whenthe whole community suffers it would be shameful to beforgotten by destiny. You would feel like those too happygentlemen you sometimes meet now. They have not beentouched by the war. They have no son on the battlefield,and as to their friends, they treat them less as motives ofanxiety than as a means to gratify their vanity. Theirbusiness—they are naturally business men—is, as theysay, a business which deals in the first necessities of life,which has. been increased rather than depreciated by thewar. Their employees are women or old men. Theyhave taken their holidays as usual, but they found thatthe trains ran very badly. "Such a disgraceful state ofthings is very bad for business." As they only returnedto Paris at the beginning of October, when Paris wasrefreshed and had come partially to life again, they havekept their good spirits. One phrase keeps coming up intheir conversation: "Things have been greatly ex- aggerated." For myself I do not believe it. Sufferingshave not all been reported, and worse miseries will berevealed this winter, unless the affairs of the war turnsuddenly to the good and social activity is greatly in- creased. But how can there be a question of any activitywhen the best and most intelligent part of the nation aresoldiers? There could only be a partial activity. How- ever, I will mention certain facts which are not withouthope for the literary world. There is some sort of move- ment in the libraries; new projects are discussed, newgroups and associations are spoken of. The military pub- lishers, Berger-Levrault, are associated with the new houseof Cres in the publication of a periodical album of wardrawings. These drawings are very superior in qualityto those which have appeared up till now, and there isno doubt of their success. These two publishers are alsogoing to attempt something of the literary order: a reviewwhere the war will be treated not by journalists—whoare always in a hurry—but by writers who prefer to givethemselves time for reflection. This review will be wellreceived, and its appearance will coincide with the re- appearance of several others which have spent the lastthree months in reorganization. They even speak of pub- lishing books. But it is only a vague rumor; it is probablyonly a hope. The only books so far published are a fewmilitary pamphlets and a reprint of a little novel, halfmilitary, half fantastic; it has not had much success. Thisis not a moment when it is possible to interest the publicin descriptions of imaginary battles. The reality is too prodigal. It overwhelms us with battles. Its generosityis immeasurable. It is true that these battles are so new,so long, of a kind so absolutely unfamiliar, that the public,though they feel the terrible reality, are evidently non- plussed by the lack of sensationalism, of extraordinaryresults. If the French had followed more carefully thecampaign in Manchuria they would understand the pres- ent war better. The movements of the armies in Polandwould impress their imagination more keenly.The public to-day desires nothing beyond the officialcommunique except the picturesque stories* of the latestheroic deeds. It is useless to attempt to do anything elseexcept in a more or less transitory way. In the projectedReview of which I have been speaking it will obviouslybe necessary to take into consideration this state of mindand to mix military reports with philosophical comments.However, I know from a very reliable source that thetaste for reading has not diminished during these lastmonths. The public libraries, and especially those in thedistricts of Paris which were established for the use of thepeople, have lent the same number of volumes xas is usualat this time of the year. The man who loves reading does not give it up willing- ly, and it is precisely during the hardest times that hefeels the most need of books. The book-buyer, who wasthought to have vanished has reappeared, and, since thereare no new books, he asks for last season's, and even forlast year's. This is another symptom of a revival of litera- ture. Perhaps even when the enemy is driven from Francea few new books might be published. To explain this itshould be borne in mind that Paris, to which many richpeople returned during the month of October, is totallydeprived of amusements; there are no exhibitions, nosocial gatherings, no horse races, no theatres. Everyonefeels the necessity for amusement, and everyone chooseswhat is perhaps the most speculative, for a man of theworld, but the most secret and most discreet—reading.In certain circles they are beginning to think that it wasa mistake to close all the theatres. The reason given isthat numbers of actors and supers are on the streets, andthey are the less resigned to their fate since winter iscoming on and their hardships will become more and moredistressing. Here also they will proceed discreetly, andlittle by little the drama will reoccupy a small niche inthe social world without the theatres being actuallyopened; it is said that matinees will be organized in thetown-halls. They will not play dramas, but they willrecite poetry and read pages of good prose. This seemsto me very reasonable. It will be a step towards thegreatly desired reopening of a few theatres.Yesterday I \met a dramatic author who confided hiswoes to me. Whenever one goes out in Paris a meetingwith an actor or with a dramatic author is absolutelycertain; there are,, in fact, too many of them, especiallynow when they are all out of work. This "homme detheatre" was in a sort of despair. He had had a greatplay, a kind of tragedy in prose, taken by the TheatreFrancais just before the war. "But," he said, "willpeople want tragedies after the war? They will haveseen so many far crueller than any that could be invented.Will people not want less harrowing spectacles, whichwill entirely change our idea of things?" "Everythingis possible," I replied, "but I am not going to embark onany kind of prophecies. That kind of boat is too oftenwrecked." aWhat will the theatre of to-morrow be, and what theliterature? If we knew, it would be deprived of muchof its interest; for all literary work, even the most serious,derives part of its value from the quality of novelty. Itis always disappointing to find things happen exactly atthe hour and in exactly the manner foretold. Geniusloves surprises: we shall be surprised if genius has any- thing to do with the war. But will it? Shells and bulletsalso love surprises. A young officer, himself a writer,with whom I was discussing this question the other dayon his return from the fifteenth battle during one month,said to me, "If the new literature is sincere it will becynical like war itself. Those who have passed throughit will have no illusions. They will know human naturethrough and through." He talked to me for a long timein this way, and even more bitterly. But he is, perhaps,an exception. Nothing changes a man's temperament.Each one will feel the war according to his nature, andthat will be a very excellent thing. P. S.—The first number of the "Bulletin des Ecrivants,1914-1915," privately printed, which I have just received,informs us that of French writers actually soldiers, twen- ty have already been killed in the war, more than thirtyhave been wounded, a certain number are in hospitalthrough illness. The Riddle A Sketch by Maxim Gorky or Feodor Sologub, Who Knows? (Authorized translation by Guido Bruno) JWf ICHAIL DIMITRI CRAZOVITCH kicked littleNicholas. Michail was foreman of the bakery.Nicholas was the apprentice; therefore he could afford tokick him. 'He also kicked him because the echo fromthe cellar in which the bakery was situated pleased him.Nicki was a philosopher.He sighed and said: "As long as there are feet andcertain spots of my body there will also be kicks andblows."After the echo had resounded, Michail Dimitri smiledsatisfiedly, took his cap and departed lazily for home.His cap was shabby and very much used. MichailDimitri had bought it from Lewin Abrahamovitch. LewinAbrahamovitch was a.little Caucasian Jew;'once during apogrom they had cut off several of his legs. Since thenhe had been lame. He kept a second hand shop whichbrought him little money and lots of knocks.It was hopeless.After Michail Dimitri had reached his home he spatout. He lived in a small stinking garret together withFomitch Migalow and with Sonja, whose family nameno one knew. In each corner of the garret was a bundleof straw upon which to sleep. The fourth corner wasstill to let.Fomitch Migalow was a tubercular senile hunchback.Once upon a time he had been very rich and had beenmarried to a beautiful woman,—to the actresss Kath- arowna. One day she used kerosene oil for a salad dress- ing and he killed her.After that he sank lower and lower. And now he hada hunch on his back and was consumptive. Had he notcoughed from time to time one could have scarcely noticedthat he was still alive.It was hopeless.Sonja was a harlot. She was thick and had manyfreckles which came from her way of living. Clothed inher shirt only, she was seated upon an old box mendingher underskirt.She sighed and said:"There are decent women and there are harlots. I ama harlot."Later she ran a needle in her finger and said: "Ouch!"The "ouch" vibrated for a little while in the air. Thenit disappeared.It was hopeless.The sun threw through the garret window a com- passionate ray upon the bundle of straw of MichailDimitri."It is a riddle!" he said."What, you old pig?" asked Sonja irritatedly.Michail Dimitri threw an empty whisky bottle at herand groaned. Migalow coughed."Why does the sun shine?" cried Michail Dimitri aftera little while. "I don't need it. Only the rich needit. Aristid Kuwalda, the Captain, needs the sun andStephen Lebanow, the land-owner. And the priest andthe Governor. And the Tsar. Why, then, does* the sunshine?" .. -"I love the sun!" said Sonja, rising from her seat;her voice suddenly seemed soft and tender. "I love thesun as I once loved my little Nikita. He was good andkind and had blue eyes. But you, all of you, are swine!""The sun reminds me of my mother," said Migalow,coughing slightly."It reminds me of my children!" sighed* Sonja, whosefamily name no one knew."It reminds me of my fathers!" groaned MichailDimitri. His eyes, red from drinking much whiskey,filled with tears."It is a riddle!" he said a little later with resignation.Then they kept silent. Sonja had finished her under- skirt. She put it on, humming her favorite song:"When the moon does not shine at night,All is black, so black, so black . . ."A belated sparrow flew through the little window,fluttered excitedly through the garret and finally escapedagain."Why are sparrows?" asked Michail Dimitri, gazingafter it with melancholy eyes. "Do we need them?—Damn beasts!""Don't swear at them!" said Sonja, "they are betterthan humans! They fly into the heavens and make chirp,chirp!"Migalow coughed."It is a riddle!" repeated Michail Dimitri, gazingstraight in front of him; his look followed a bedbug whichcrawled slowly from Sonja's straw bundle over to Miga- low's. Slowly and hopelessly . . . Such a beast!• • •"What is a riddle? Hey?" asked Sonja, madly excited.Michail spat at her feet. This made her angry. Shejumped up and shook her childlike fists and screamed atthe top of her voice:"What is a riddle? Hey?" said she, "what is a riddle?If you do not tell me I will scratch your wolf's face!. . . Animal! Animal! You animal!"Dimitri yawned and said:"Why do we always philosophize? And why do wenever act? We always philosophize, always and ever!"A happy smile radiated Sonja's face, and with a voicevibrating with love, she said:"Because we are by Maxim Gorky or Sologub or byArtzibasheff, you idiot!"And Migalow coughed.It was hopeless. You speak to the withered flower:"Do not perish."You fool!What you are really agitated about is not the fact that theflower is perishable but that you do not enjoy it at theright time. Who On Earth Am I? By Tom Sleeper Will you stop to bark . . . take care . • . you darn beast! I'll show you! But my dearlittle doggie, have you no sense of humor? Drawing by Petersen LIE was a poor man with no family and only an unde- veloped inclination to live. Accordingly he rambledaround town until run over by an omnibus. During thecritical period immediately following in which he hoveredbetween life and death at the hospital under the personalsupervision of a gifted surgeon, he suddenly saw a greatlight and in an inspired moment dedicated his hithertofruitless soul and body to the advancement of surgicalknowledge. The surgeon quick ,to grasp the possibilitiesof the idea reconstructed him in a highly creditable man- ner so that he soon found himself well and strong.Experiments in grafting happened at this time to havecaught the fancy of the surgical profession and forthwithcommenced a series of amputations and replacements onthe willing Jones with signal success until he walked onunrelated legs, wrote with the arm of an unfortunatemachinist, saw with the eyes of a still more unfortunateletter carrier, ate with the jaw of a deceased millionaire,digested his food with with the transferred stomach of alongshoreman, breathed with fragments of several alienlungs, blushed with the result of various transfusions andwas liberally overhauled in other directions.Fired by the success of his operations and the submis- siveness of his subject the surgeon pressed on to more deli- cate experiments involving the brain. Jones found himselfone morning in definite possession of a knowledge ofFrench. He remembered also, many experiences he hadhad in Paris, a city to which he had formerly believed him- self a stranger. In a like manner he obtained a profoundknowledge of astronomy and a smattering of relatedsciences. Once on recovering from the anaesthetic hefound that he could recall snatches of speeches he hadmade while stumping the State for the governorship ofOhio. Later Greek and archeological information cameto him unsolicited and many other disassociated recollec- tions.The surgeon rubßed his hands in satisfaction and madefurther institutions. Into the fold of Brocca of the un- complaining Jones was grafted odd bits of the folds of anassorted population. And Jones waxed exceedingly wellinformed.As time went on Jones puzzled over his past. Howcould he have been with a party of astronomers in Chiliwhen he distinctly remembered that it was at this time hehad been run over by an omnibus in New York. Whatexplanation was there for the fact that on the day he hadbeen presented the medal of the Legion of Honor by thePresident of France for researches in Cypress he had alsobeen burned by a gas stove in a Chicago tenement. Then,too, he had distinct recollection of having died in a cafein Scranton, Pa., while his common sense seemed to indi- cate that this was improbable.And so it came to pass that one October afternoon asplendid specimen of physical manhood knocked at thedoor of my mountain hermitage. He spoke, saying:"I am told that no part of myself is myself. That mygreat knowledge is not my own. But I have never ceasedto live and funtion as myself. Now in the name of Allahwho I ask you am I?"Giver oflight give me knowledge wherewith to answerthis man. In Memoriam Stevensons Cora Bennet HTHE clay is setting down over Fanny Stevenson's coffin.* Her earthly body with its spiritual face set towardan upland grave in far Samoa is fast turning to dust.But the memory of a rare union of a man and a womanis everlastingly fragrant, a source of consolation and in- spiration.The marriage of Fanny Osbourne and Robert LouisStevenson appeared to include elements of destruction.She had been marrie dbefore. jShe had two half-grownchildren. She was an ambitious American woman sprungfrom the heart of the Midland. She was restless, con- structive, creative. She was not one of those than canserve by standing and waiting. Moreover she united allthat is persistent and practical with the sensibility of anartist. She thought she wanted to learn to paint. Sheset her face toward France, toward Barbizon, towardMillet. She took with her, her pallette, her paint brushesand her children.Robert Louis Stevenson also came to Barbizon. Hehad never loved. Himself a youth he had never dreamedof the responsibility of parenthood. He had refused toreap the honors of his family of engineers. Literally hewould rather write than eat. He had fallen out with hisfather because of their religious differences. He was cutoff with thirty-five dollars the month', and his cough. Hecame to Barbizon as far as he knew to have companion- ship of a group of artists that called him Louis. Theysmiled when he entered a room. They believed in hisright to work out sentences containing initial p's andmediant t's just for the beauty of the sound. In otherwords they believed in him. And they loved him. AndRobert Louis Stevenson had to have love. It was theonly medium in which he could exist.The union of Robert Louis Stevenson and Fanny Os- bourne was not celebrated until after many problems hadbeen courageously faced and solved. The questions in- volved were delicate, difficult, tremendously significant.Moreover they were not being put and answered inchambers. The world was watching. And when thesetrials were over and the wedding solemnized, dignity andhonor had been served.These two people not only married each other. Theyaccepted each other's past and all that it might mean forthe future. She made her husband's ill health, his lackof common sense, his family's notion about religion andsecond marriage things to be reckoned with as matters ofcourse; but in no wise to be considered as detrimental topeace and happiness.Fanny unfailingly courageous, infinitely resource- ful and charmingly gay. She had found in her secondhusband all that could restore her lost life. She wasgrateful to him for her opportunities to use her variedcapabilities. She needed just his genius to love as asolvent foj* the bitterness that had lodged in her heart.He loved to play the flute, to work with his hands, towrite, to pray and he loved his fellow men, great andsmall. Perhaps after all they each came to Barbizon seek- ing only each other. That is—love.She went with him to the ends of the earth. Theytravelled as a matter of life and death but always in thespirit of play. They laughed together at Death, while the deck of a leaky schooner bound for nowhere in particularin the South Seas was awash in a hurricane. They hadbought this vessel with their last dollar. They foughtthe jungle side by side with little more than their barehands. And then they made many books in order to builda home in the middle of the Pacific Ocean where nothingof the dirt and dust of the world could irritate the lungsof the invalid. And this was a merry hospitable home towhich came the children of Fanny's first marriage. Andtheir children. And the stiff-necked and at the last notunloving old Scotch mother of Louis. And writers andstatesmen and artists from all over the world.Moreover this home was a place of refuge for the op- pressed or all classes of all over the South Seas. Andit was the kingdom come for the hundreds of dispossesednatives that were taken on as workers of the farm. Theyfound not only bread and fire at the hands of the masterand mistress of Vallima but deep insight into and pro- vision for their spiritual needs.And one evening, after a full day of work and play,Robert Louis Stevenson died. He and Fanny had beenbottling a cask of Burgundy lately come over from France.They had been talking over the closing chapters of Wierof Hermiston. With a faint cry, "Oh, Fanny," he fellwith his head in her lap. And that was the end.She wrapped him in the sacred mats brought by sorrow- stricken Samoans for his graveclothes. She sat with themwatching the candles light the face of her beloved deadall night. And'the next day, she let him be borne on thebacks of island kings to the upland behind the house.There she helped them lay him "under the wide and starrysky," in sight of the sea that he loved so well and thatwas literally the breath of life to him. But there was nodesperation in Fanny Stevenson's mourning. Its quietnesswas the calm not of despair but of expectancy. It wasas if she had lighted her lamp, content to sit in the lowdoorway of Death, occupied constantly with sweetmemory, awaiting the summons to re-union. Faith: You, Yourself and Others Cat's Paw. IT IS head erect, his steps jubilant, he went out into the* * world. Strength laughed in his eyes, joy on his lipsand back of his youthful forehead audacious thoughts ofconquest played like armed knights of yore. His armswere outstretched as if he wanted to embrace the worldand all its happiness. People noticed him and shook theirheads. They said:"He has lost his faith!"* * *LI IS head bowed, his walk slouching, he returned home.* * Meekness whined out of his eyes, deadly fear uponhis lips, behind his senile forehead crouched powerlessthoughts of confession like solemn singing monks. Histrembling hands were folded begging from the heavens atiny bit of blessedness.The people noticed him and were well pleased. Theysaid:"He has found his faith!" Memories: New York Elizabeth M. Walker The Harbor I Sit a dream, or did I really see* A fairy city rising from the mistOf early morn? the ferries, and the white ships,all sun-kissed,And the huge buildings stretching to the sky,With pale smoke wreaths like incense everywhere—It seems Aladdin must have been at workFor my delight, and traced it in the air! The Subway CAN it be real? The miles of underground,The white-clad guards, the rush through still,dead air,The whirring fans, the passengers themselves,Poured in and out like tides; a white flash, whereWe rumbled on past openings to earthLike a great monster climbing to the light—Was it a thing of fact, this underworld,Or did I only dream it in the night? Third Ave. L—Sunday thing remains, intense, burned in my mind,—Pale, children's faces in the scorching sun,Crowded at windows, penned in squalid rooms,Fighting for breath, themselves, food, bed, debris,all one.Women and men, like animals, sprawled outUpon the window-sills, all staring, mile on mile,Wearily wistful, hideously sad,Poignantly hopeless—God! Not one could smile! In Prison Kewe Sheridan. T WALK through this barred corridor* IVith my eyes shut tight.The guards say—to the visitors—"He hates the light!"They cannot see into my heartAnd know that I walk soFor the sound is like a pavement / walked long, long ago. Drawing by E. Schilling Tears and Pity Cat's Paw They speak of tears of joy and tears of sorrow.Rarely have I seen such; but daily do I see tears ofcompassion, of deeply felt compassion with one's own self.Only once pure precious tears do I remember. It wasmeant for one dead long ago.My daughter had heard for the first time one of Wag- ner's operas and I told her that the creator of thesemelodies had suffered starvation, that he almost starvedin Paris while writing his "Rienzi."My daughter cried.But perhaps even these tears were riot free of pity ofherself."I could have given him to eat and to drink if I hadlived in his day! Oh, what a pity it is that my desireto help this wonderful man is unattainable!"Observe closely those who cry easily and often. Deeds,not tears, are the expressions of a warm compassionateheart. Tears are mostly only conclusive proofs of egotisticinclinations. Cry if you pkase, but be sincere; cry be- cause you have infinite pity for your own self. An Author's Complaint H. Thompson Rich I HATE my heroes!* They make me sickWith their intrigues and wiles and adventures,Their intimacies,Their amours and liaisons.I hate my heroines!They turn my stomachWith their chattering and giggling and kissing,Their lax morals,Their lewd tastes and disgusting lives.I hate the people I write about! (We agree with Mr. H. Thompson Rich, we too, hate thepeople he writes about.) Exclusive Samson V. Becker iy| R HIGHLY RESPECTABLE (one of our firstfamilies) died and went to Heaven, in search of hiswife who had left Earth before him. When he arrivedat the Heavenly Hostelry he inquired for his wife, butafter a search of the register, he was told she wasn't there.So he went to the Only Other Hotel in town, where hewas met by his wife and a party of friends (all formermembers of the Most Inner Circle)."Why," said he, adjusting his monocle to the most ap- proved angle, "did you come here? It is rawther warmhere, don't you think?""Yes," she replied, as she raised her diamond studdedlorgnette, "it is; but it's so much more exclusive!" In a cafe. Man, wife, newly married. His best friend."... And so finally I had to choose whetherto get married immediately or to shoot myself instantly/'The friend (looking sideways at the wife) : "Suicidewould have been cowardice." (La Vie) Reilly's Wife—and Mine Hubert James McCurrach Arthur Schnitzler. By Gulbransson D EILLY is Irish,A poetic summons server.Reilly and I are alike—He's happiestWhen his purseIs flat,And so am I. . . .I often wonder how Reilly feels,When for the courtHe pursues a debtor.How does he suppressThat irrepressible grin—When he confronts his prey ?Or does he smile regardless?Reilly and his Wife are alikeThe domestic purse is the family joke.But they are always happy;And so are the little ones.Never a stormBut leaves the ReillysSmiling and joyful entirely. No poetry shows in Reilly's speech-It's wholly in his eyes and grin.How cheering this must beFor ten-dollar clerks and the likeWhen conscience's prodHe corroboratesWith an order from the court!If ever the courtSo distinguishes meI hope it'll be ReillyThat is sentTo present the mandateMy unmercenary actsHave earned.But will my wife be like Reilly's?Who's everything to Reilly, I'm sureBut no financial anchor . . .If it be, so be it, an' I love her.But if the past is anythingTo go byWhere shall we be in a year? Carlo De Fornaro Bernard Gallant Caricature of Fornaro by Jorge Encisco, famous MexicanPainter Drawn by Herb Roth A MONG the writers who are introducing Mexico to** the American reading public, the Mexico of socialstrife and revolutionary upheaval—the land of the strug- gling peon and Indian—Carlo de Fornaro occupies animportant place. It is true that to the American publicFornaro is better known as a painter and cartoonist, never- theless, it was he who in reality first called attention tothe brutalities of the Diaz government. In his book,"Diaz, Czar of Mexico," he exposed the Machiavellianmethods of Porfirio Diaz and gave the American publicto understand what is transpiring in the land of theAztec, Mayo and Yaquis Indians.For his troubles he was rewarded with bitter persecu- tion, a suit for criminal libel and a sentence of years toBlackwell's Island. His book, however, marked the be- ginning of a systematic revolt against the Diaz regimeand resulted in the fall of it.Undismayed by his prison sentence Fornaro continuedhis work in behalf of the Mexican revolutionists. Hissecond book, "Carranza and Mexico," published by Mit- chell Kennerley, masterfully unfolds the complicatedMexican situation and gives its readers an insight in thegreat tragedy now being staged in that land of strife andbloodshed. To him it is a great social revolution, by fargreater than the French revolution ever dared be, in whichall social customs and traditions will be swept away. Personally Fornaro is a very unique and interestingcharacter. He was born in Calcutta, India, and rearedin Italy and Switzerland. He is a scion of an old Italianfamily and is a member of the family of Pope AlexanderVI. His education he received at the Royal Academy ofMunich and came to this country twenty years ago. Whenhe grew tired of dear, old New York with its glitteringelectric signs, he went to Mexico. That was in 1906.Instead of painting the picturesque scenes of that marvel- ous country, as he contemplated, he published a news- paper for more than three years, giving the Mexicans ataste of real Metropolitan journalism. That markedFornaro's entrance into the field of the Mexican revolu- tion and he has been a loyal champion of the revolutionistsever since.In appearance Fornaro looks very much like a Jesuitpriest and keeps the hours of a brigand. He sleeps mostof the day and wanders from cafe to cafe most of thenight. With the fair sex he is most charming and gallant,but is galling bitter when he portrays them with pen orbrush. But he is far from being a woman kater. Oddlyenough, regardless of his cafe life, Fornaro indulges innothing stronger than water. The good nature of a fool cannot be compared with thekindness of a wise man.One who is wise and still good is very good.It is as important to know danger as to be brave. Oscar Wilde Guido Bruno lIE is the high priest of a wonderful cult, a cult which*• embodies the whole creation and whose initiaterepresents in one person master and creature of the uni- verse, who wanders through the world garbed in thepurple of his office; whose life is a continuous preparationfor the great communion, for one last sacrament.Blood is the dark sparkling wine which fills the be- jeweled goblet.It had taken a long time to fill it to the brim withthousands of drops of throbbing life blood.They were taken drop by drop from just as manysinners and criminals, from chaste and from vicious menand women. From angels and from devils.The goblet had seemed insatiable.And then came that evening.The goblet was filled.No sin was ever committed, no vice was ever indulgedin by men or women whose specimen of life blood was notcontained in it.The time had arrived when he should gather the fruitsof his life. When he should command the sun: Stop!And it would obey his command.And he would laugh at the spender of lighKwho hadto leave this world when the mysteries of night settledthe universe and when dark shadows crept on silentsilvery feet into nooks and corners, into the brilliantlylighted palace, and into the dark dungeon holes of thepoor, of the vicious and of the criminal.Clothed in gold-embroidered purple and adorned withjewels and flowers, he went to the table of communion—like a usurper to his coronation—to place the crown onhis own head.He wandered through crowded busy cities, through sun- burned prairies, through lonely forests oyer lovely pastures,and ascended the highest mountain; where mortals feelthe nearness of the skies and do not look down upon thecosmos at their feet shuddering before the greatness of itsCreator.He raised the goblet with its precious substance to theclouds:Dare you, behind those clouds! Master of this universefor ages! I am Master as you! I, the man! Birds in the trees, stop your singing! Listen in reverentsilence!Flowers close your cups! Grass, stop growing! Rivers,cease flowing! Animals, hide yourselves in the densestbushes! Earth-heating worms, make not another movewith your miserable bodies!Flashes, chastise the earth!Thunder, roll over the hemispheres, resounding in aterrifying echo!Earth, quake!I, the master, the man, am taking my sacrament!He put the goblet to his lips.He drank.Oscar Wilde remained master in the dingy regulationcell of his prison. The luxuries and comforts of life whichwere denied him he found in himself. The quicknessand sharpness of his mind, the discrimination of art andthe bad attempt to be artistic but more than all his self- consciousness, were with him. He was the creator ofhis world and the master of his creation. The Folly of Making too Much Money H. M. East, Jr. IT is as great a folly to make too much money, as itis not to make enough. However, there are some peoplewho never know when they have enough money. Neverdid I yet meet a man who said that he had enough money.Even I haven't enough, and I shall never get enough,though I realize the folly of making too much. I mightyield to the temptation, for money tempts man and theJews like a pretty woman. "Money is the root of allevil," saith the proverb. This is a sweeping statement,but the desire for money is responsible for an astonishingamount of sin- And when you are making too muchmoney you are a menace and an outrage to civilization.The sons of millionaires are sadly handicapped. Thevices of the rich are more insidious than the vices of thepoor. The man who makes too much money causes envy,hatred and schemes to get his money away from him.The Bible is quite emphatic on the fate of the rich man. Blind audacity we notice even in beasts. In Our Village Native Admirer of Art and landlord, by Jack Flannigan CINCE time immemorial aristocracy of mind and aris- tocracy of birth have lived in close quarters. TheRoman Caesars were the friends and protectors of poetsand artists. During the Middle Ages, trench and Ger- man Princes encouraged the songs of the troubadours.The art of Guttenberg would have died in its infancy ifthe lords of castles and palaces had not found an honoredplace in their abodes for books.The Napoleonic era brought about its big changes.Traditions were abolished. Titles became shallow names.Money and power became synonymous. Barriers that hadexisted for centuries were torn, down; everybody was in- vited to participate in the big competition for life's goodand desirable things. To gain money through personalefforts became a noble occupation of humanity. Actuallyto have gained it meant admission to that new nobility ofour times: to the aristocracy of money.And so to-day we find the aristocracy of money livingin close quarters with the aristocracy of mind.Right here in our Village, on Washington Square:there are the mansions of the oldest and richest familiesof New York, built by those merchant princes who gavenames to our streets and public squares, to our librariesand our railroads, to our hospitals and our universities.On the South side, in the houses which O. Henry called"houses of mystery," are artists and writers, reformersand enthusiasts. And like a bridge over the yawningabyss that separates rich and poor, the university buildingon the East side of the Square. Here is the commonground where the dweller on the South side may find hiscard of admission into the palace on the North side. Andhere it is that the scion of the rich merchant's family willlearn to bare his head before genius.Such is the charm of Washington Square. Here is theexplanation of "Greenwich Village," of that "republic inthe air," of that misunderstood, commercially exploitedBohemia, which ceases to be a Dorado of mind the verymoment one becomes conscious of it.There are some "benefactors of humanity," "lovers ofart," and "philanthropists" who have chosen GreenwichVillage for their field of operation. They have invadedthe peaceful quiet of our surroundings with the loudtrumpet of their humbug. They have partly driven outthose who have lived among us for years working andcreating quietly in the shadow of our old trees, in thesolitude of time-worn rooms, rented and inhabited bythem for years in the quaint houses and cottages nowdoomed to destruction.What a marvelous background is this "Greenwich Vil- lage Bohemia" for the real estate shark! Every cellarand every garret,—half-a-dozen years ago rented for verysmall prices to Italian families,—brings high prices as a"studio." Old houses are being re-modeled; i.e., theydivide one large room into two or three small ones, andcharge instead of six dollars a week, seventy-five dollarsa month for a "studio apartment." Artistically inclinedshirt-merchants, and atmosphere crazy shoe-manufacturersare welcome lessees to our Greenwich Village real estateshark.And they do such a lot to beautify our neighborhood!Notwithstanding expenses and labor they paint the win- dow sills of re-constructed houses pale green. They putwindow boxes in front of the windows and compel you inthe lease to keep them filled with flowers. They hangan old lantern before the house door and permit the starlessee to choose it from a junk shop on Third Street. They refuse to renew the leases of rag-pickers, cobblers andother old inhabitants of the neighborhood; and then theyraise the rent from twelve dollars to forty-five and allowsome individual obsessed with a mania to run a purpleand yellow shop in Greenwich Village to make the suitablealterations. There is no fee charged for this permission.They build apartment houses with fabulous rents. Andnow, having succeeded in getting Charles Dana Gibsonto sign a lease for one of them, they should have no*"trouble in obtaining any price they wish to get from "art enthusiasts" from Peoria and East Oshkosh who come toNew York to satisfy their cravings for "art" and "at- mosphere."Greenwich Village is experiencing now what happenedto the Chat Noir after Salis' death. Artists ceased tocome to the once famous cabaret. Poets and litterateurskept away from a placfc where they were put on publicexhibition. Therefore the proprietors, who had to showthe goods to the endless chain of sight-seers, hired indi- viduals with long hair and fantastically dressed women.And they made a financial success for quite awhile. Butyou can't fool all of the people all of the time. . . .The people who had found in Greenwich Village alonged-for seclusion among the ancient surroundings haveleft and are leaving daily for other parts of the city. Theycould have endured the influx of population. They couldhave stood the fantastically dressed women, "successful"writers and artists, who manufacture their wares byhundreds of yards" to order only, and buy automobiles ;they could have stood and newspaper notoriety whichexploited with the pompous language of quacks what wasso dear to their hearts. They would have endured thenoise of buses and the annoyance of sight-seers; but theynever could pay the exorbitant rents that merciless realestate sharks are charging now for their habitations.Even the most dilapidated looking, almost shatteredmarble pillar has more charm, has more reality, is morealive than cheap stucco imitation, even if it is dainty- looking with pale-green window sashes and the iron lan- tern in front of its door.Fads and fashions die. Cemeteries are restful and idealplaces for dreamers. Real estate men will get their share,they will get the limit of their share.In a score of years Greenwich Village will again be theGreenwich Village it was. A new generation will dis- cover its charms, will take possession of it and our grand- sons will dream and love and starve and work and createin the Greenwich Village we have lost.Robert Carlton Brown spent a few days in the Village.It was a sort of recreation after finishing his last novel.He is very much interested in South America and is con- templating a trip to Argentine in the near future. Hislong sojourn in Spain revealed to him the attractions landbeauties of Latin countries.Doris Carlyle is a good talker and her close personalassociation with all those men who surrounded OscarWilde gives a certain background to her London chatter.A course of lectures by her, delivered before our blue- stocking clubs, would be not only more entertaining butsurely more beneficial than the grape juice pets are com- monly listened to. Doris is holding court in the Brevoortlately and her word duels with her more or less brilliantcontemporaries are better entertainment than our averagetwo dollar shows.Irene Maguire adores stripes. If she does not wear ablack and white tamo'shanter and dress to match, she hason her pink and white one, or her yellow and white one.On certain days she prefers green and white stripes. Ow- ing to the war and the shortage in dye stuffs in this coun- try she has to restrict her fancy for stripes to the elemen- tary colors.Billy Hamilton has decided to get married. It willhappen on Sunday afternoon at four o'clock. Jack Mc- Grath will be the best man and the ceremony will takeplace in Bruno's Garret. Billy's future husband is a niceyoung boy, very tall and very blonde, very romantic andvery much in love with Billy. They met on Friday, gotengaged on Monday and will be joined in holy wedlockon Sunday. Quite a record—even for Greenwich Vil- lage! His name cannnot be mentioned at present as he isafraid his father and mother might not approve of hisquick decision.Tom Kelly, the cabby, renowned far beyond theboundaries of the Village, who delivers you safely at yourhouse even if you are not able to recollect it the morningafter, refuses to rechristen his horse "Kaiser/' the besthorse on the Avenue, as he calls him. As far as Yonkersor Coney Island he will take you, and to take up a racewith a Ford is an everyday occurrence in his professionallife. The Flambeau Weavers DOSE WATSON is one of a few people who haveformed an Association that has as its purpose themaking and selling of hand-woven and hand-dyed fabricsand related handcraft objects of unusual art distinction.I quote from their circular:4'We are reviving the art of_dyeing, a new medium forAmerican artists, to take advantage of successful experi- ments recenlty made for us. This work will be exhibitedOctober first and choice and unique pieces kept on sale*.A colony of artists on the Palisades has been designingand weaving tapestries for us to present to the New Yorkart world. With these weavers as a nucleus we haveformed a group including deft craftsmen who left theirhand-looms in France years ago to work in the grind ofour commercialized silk mills. This is the first attemptto preserve the native art they brought to American andnearly lost in the mills.We have a well established source for foreign hand- woven fabrics and an arrangement for a sure supply ofpeasant-made linens and cloths which have never beforebeen available in New York.As for home-spuns: in backward regions of this coun- try there are still women who spin their own flax andwool on looms their grandfathers carried with them acrossthe mountains a century ago. We are glad to make amarket for them and give some of them the first sight ofreal money they have ever had. It will be just as pleasantot offer these honest stuffs to a city which scarcely knowsthe look of real wool. Some day, when the birth throesof the business are over, we shall start instruction centerswhere women can learn the art of their grandmothers." Pasteles in Prose I.—Sacrifice Guido Bruno. HE two men sat in the summer-house back of the bigresidence. It was dark. The white candle on thetable flickered an insufficient yellow light. The river farbelow seemed an untransgressable, separating depth ofthe high hills that grew into the heavens on the otherside. Not a star shone on the clouded skies. A Dig uglymoth did her best to commit suicide in the flame of thecandle. The air was laden with heaviness. It was oneof the nights that we declare our love, that we exchangeconfidences, in which we regret lost chances and resurrectdead memories. The man with a sad, almost mourninglook, broke the silence."And so I gave up because of my real, eternal,never changing love. I never thought that I could do it.But love wins. I watched her closely. I tried to under- stand every one of her actions. I indulged her eccentrici- ties. She was sick, I felt her pain. I watched over herday and night. And her husband was always at hand.""Your life has always been sirhple, my dear fellow.You don't know what it means to love a woman, to receivefavors from her, all those small and big favors that makelife worth living—and then, you have to say good-nightevery evening. You have to make appointments to meetat this and that place when you know that she should bewith you all the time. Then there were her children. It'sa funny thing about those children. Wouldn't you expectrather strange, even hard feelings towards the living tes- timony of her devotion to, another man ? But no—I neverdid. They seemed to be a part of her. I loved themalmost as much as herself.You know, we went on this way for months. Womenare such masters at burning life's candles at both ends.They know that the two lights must meet some time.And that then there will be darkness. But they don'tthink. They don't feel the creep of the inevitableshadow.""We met every day. We lived. We kissed. We loved—and in the evening she went home to her husband. God!The torture of it! When I sat evening after evening inmy quiet quarters with her picture in front of me. Andshe ... I don't know what she was doing. I onlyimagined: Now she is serving him some dish, inquiringsolicitously if it is to his liking. Now she kisses him good- night ... I believed in her with all my heart. Buthow could a man made of flesh and blood resist forcinghis way to her chamber ... a man who had thelegal right to her . . ."She loved her home, the old furniture so carefully se- lected by her and for her; the old servants upon whomshe depended; she hung with all her soul upon the every- day routine of living that she had followed for more thantwenty years. I was now a new factor in the new routine—a beloved one, but an addition."Well, I gave her up. I gave it all up. I didn't havethe heart to induce her to give up the surroundings sheloved. I know she would have been willing to do theconventional thing but I didn't dare do it. I loved her somuch. I sacrified everything for her sake. Life is worth- less for me. I'll never see her again and I'll never againfeel warmth in my heart. I'll never see her again in mylife and I shall long for her until I die. "I might be happy at that . . . if it is happiness;the consciousness of my self-sacrifice."The man with a sad, resigned face looked forlornly outinto the darkness. There was a long silence. His com- panion did not move. It seemed an eternity, but it surelylasted an hour. Neither did his companion take his eyesaway from the face of the man who was speaking. Heseemed to try to read his mind and look deep into hisheart. He was studying the features of his face and mak- ing comparisons.And suddenly all the relaxation disappeared. He seem- ed active, dynamic. He lay back in the garden chair. Hestretched his legs and arms conscious of his strength.There was a vigorous exhaltation with his powerful lungsthat blew out the light.v. . . "Fool ... I would have taken her. Iwould have made her forget her surroundings and her fur- niture and her husband. I would have made her sit withme in my lonely quarters. I would have passed to her apart of my own dish. I would have made her feel the des- ecration of another man's touch. I would have guardedher all night. I would have brought her happiness in re- turn. I would have sacrificed everything but her, andconscious of that I would have been happy."A glaring white lightning parted the dark skies. Thun- der resounded from all corners of the earth. Heavy dropsof an unexpected rain beat against the roof. The two menhurried back to the big lighted house. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. Most modern fiction, the literary pabulum of the un- literary, measures up about a thimbleful of fact in a tubfulof fancy.You don't have to eat the whole of a cake to find outwhat it all tastes like.In the world of fashion's favor, a fat purse and finemillinery shall cover a multitude of imbecilities.When one fool blames another fool, how if any otherfool to t&amp;l which fool is really the real fool?The man who makes his own opportunities will soonfind opportunities making for him. Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. The End of Romance R. WAS a favorite with all the men I knew at the time, and* engaged to one of them; yet, when I met ''him" the otherswere forgotten. It was a very ardent courtship and we wereextremely happy when we could forget my mother's opposition.He was of good family, good to look at, athletic, a Spanish Warveteran, a general* favorite with men and women, and thereseemed no good reason why one should not marry him. Inless than a year we were married and in less than two yearsafter that I realized what it meant for a woman whose husbandwas a "favorite with men and women." Twice he begged for- giveness, which was granted, but, as it will, the time came whenI could endure it no longer. We separated. Nothing was heardof him until seven years later, when the mail brought me aweek-old newspaper notice of a suicide that led me to Rochesterto find that the thirteen cents in his pocket was all that was leftof a borrowed quarter and my life's romance was at an end. 31 Years of Married Life T. HAD been in New York only three weeks when I got a jobin Litchfield Co., Conn., where I lived altogether amongYankees, and learned to speak English. But I found I couldnot get my pay, my employer, a brigadier-general of the militiaand a walking whiskey-bottle, being insolvent. Therefore, aftersix months of hard work and poor pay, I accepted a position inD. on the Mississippi River, which happened to be freg. Aftera year and a half I wanted, and asked for, a better positionwhich became free, but was refused, whereupon I threw upmy job and paddled my own canoe, i.e., gave lectures, did pri- vate tutoring and held a summer school.Through a course of lectures on modern history I made theacquaintance of the young lady who, within three quarters of ayear, became my wife. The course was for young ladies whowanted to improve their general education and she was one ofmy class. I saw soon that she was the most studious and sen- sible of all, and so naturally took great interest in her advance- ment. She seemed to appreciate that, and after a month or soI was invited to call at her parents' residence.But there was a mutual dislike between her father and me!Most likely he soon saw the drift of things, and undoubtedly hewanted a son-in-law better situated than I. As for me, I hadheard of him, and seen him before, and what I heard and sawgave me the impression that he was narrow-minded, egotistic,was suffering from megalomania, and was apparently blind tohis elder son's doings.There came a clash between us, and I wrote the young ladyI would not call any more; if she really cared for me, as I forher, she should meet me at any place suiting her and we wouldtalk matters over. Her answer was that she and her motherhad prevailed upon her father to be decent and I should nothesitate to call again.I thought that over for a couple of days, and then cut thematter short by calling and proposing. She accepting me, I calledupon the father, told him how matters stood, and asked for hisconsent, which he gave, though with a wry face. Soon after that I got the position I had been refused the yearbefore, and after an engagement of eight months we were mar- ried. This is now not far from 31 years, and, although we haveoccasionally had our little spats, I may say that through goodtimes and hard times we have lived quite happily. 1No bliss in life is unalloyed, and two of our eight childrenhave caused us more or less anxiety; but we hope the worst isover, and we further hope and wish to depart this life, knowingthat our hard work for our children has not been in vain. Thereis some prospect that several of them may be a great deal better off than we ever were. In Love After 17 Years Nathalie. A LL my life I have been a dreamer, and most of my dreams** * have come true. I was brought up in the South, in a bigold Colonial country home, and I was sent to Paris to school,and was desperately homesick.A lady whom I met on the steamer was telling a young Amer- ican, John, of my loneliness. He asked my name. "That girlhas a cousin here," he said. "I am to dine with her this evening,and I'll tell her of her lonely little relative." Result, my cousinasked John to bring me to call, my steamer friend introducedus, and John fell in love with me at first sight. From thattime on the dull gray days were turned to rosy ones. Johnasked me to marry him at once, was refused, but persisted, andin a few weeks we were engaged, and our wedding took placeat my home six months after we met.After seventeen years of married life John is dearer thanever, and hardly a day passes that he does not tell me that I amdearer-to him. When my friends ask me the secret of our idealmarriage, and how I have kept my husband my devoted lover,I usually reply, "I married an ideal man." But I know that itis more. Our iriarriage is the fulfillment of a dream, the carry- ing out of an ideal, and, above all, that attention to the littlethings—little courtesies, little words and acts of love—has madeour life together beautiful, and never permitted it to stale.John is the finest human being I have ever known. I do notbelieve he ever has a small or sordid thought. I am blessedabove all the women that I know. He believes in me and isproud of me. When he leaves me in the morning I feel a littlepang—he is so precious! When I see him coming home atevening, my heart swells with joy and pride, and my eyes oftenfill with happy tears, to think that this Man, of my Dreams isreally my own, and that he loves me! Books and Magazines of the Week Alexander Harvey Alexander Harvey's Appreciation of G. S. Viereck in hismost unique weekly, "The Bang"O verses written in recent years, no verses, that is, ofwhich I happen to have knowledge impress me quiteso much as "Doctor Faust's Descent from Heaven," byGeorge Sylvester Viereck. It is the glory of his "Songsof Armageddon/' much as that delta is the glory of theNile. Faust is discovered in a mood of disdain with ref- erence to the earth. What can earth give him of joyhenceforth? He has loved Helen of Troy and the blondeMarguerite!From the very first line, the manner has an indescriba- ble effect of beauty and of power blended. The wholepoem proceeds like a majestic procession climbing gloriousstairways to the sound of a chorus of angels. I have norecollection of a metrical effect so tremendous. The thingenchants me, like a favorite musical composition.Faust knocks at Heaven's gate, "the musical gates," asViereck calls them with a rare effect. The effect uponthe angels is tremendous and is conveyed with all the fine,thoroughbred arrogance of the poet. Although we aretold by one who should know that in Heaven there isneither marrying nor giving in marriage, Viereck makessome of the angels swoon in the arms of their mates. Ilike the idea, although it seems impious.And they let Faust, by which name Viereck is conven- tionalized, into Heaven. He tells God there is nothing tobe or to do in that pent-up Utica, that is, for a man likehimself. Not that our poet would extend an impious handfor the sceptre of the universe. On the contrary, he leavesHeaven in a mood of the most beautiful disdain, afterhurling at God the single tremendous and unanswerablequery:"Have you loved Helen of Troy and the blonde Mar- guerite ?The poet arrives in Hell and clasps the hand of itsPrince. What a sympathetic figure the Lord of Damna- tion becomes! All the poets, even Milton, have lovedLucifer, but Viereck here makes us completely miserablewith sympathy for the fiend. And he affords the devil theluxury of being understood:"I have loved Helen of Troy and the blonde Marguer- ite."Leaving the sovereign of lost souls to his scarlet candles,the overwhelming poet addresses himself to Time andEternity. He explains in that stupendous style of his thathe is the Pilgrim of Passion. Lilith and Eve! His dilem- ma between them makes one shudder for even the ass withthe two bundles of hay. But the poet's state is worse.Lilith and Eve have made him lose nis way twixt Hell andHeaven and Earth.Inevitably, then, he begs the boon of oblivion—thinkof it! George Sylvester Viereck implores oblivion as aboon! If the petition is to be denied, he will beg for an- other birth. Away with Lilith! Away with Eve! Leta new woman be made by a blend of each. What ecstasyis to be his"When beautiful Helen of shall be one with theblonde Marguerite!"I do not know how to praise this poem more highly thanby observing that I abhor the blonde. I was brought upamong blondes, all the feminine members of my familyhaving been of that complexion. I would embrace a blonde. I know from too painful experience just what itmeans to have to live with a blonde. The mere idea ofincorporating a blonde Marguerite with the dark-browedHelen makes me shudder. Nevertheless, I revel in thispoem- I have read it many a time.Observe the skill with which all things tremendousworked into the effect. God, his antagonist, woman, pas- sion, what is not wrought in cunningly? Thus:The devious desires that crouch through the brain likemonsters that nest in the sea,Pass-—pageants of ghosts—through the luminous eyes ofone who is dear to me.The other—all pangs and delights of the visible world andits quests,Are engraved in the exquisite curve of her throat and thehieroglyphs of her breasts.Good! as Polonious said. Again:I came to the nethermost place where Satan sate in splen- dor alone,The writhing limbs of anguished men were the pillars ofhis throne.Good again! Isaac Watts cannot in his most Calvin- istic stanzas excite us with so glorious a Hell! Peradventure Amy 0. Well We copy from this interesting new journal the poemby one Amy O. Well:The Song of the WhiSSe-TrecEver since the Purple Cow was ropedAnd put to pasture,The weirdness of her milkHas been upon me.I awake, kicking the clapboards,In the night;I ride the iron bed-rail till my heartSplits like a peanut,So terrible is my mirth.When I arise and hair-pin my hair,The madness of that milk within meShatters the mirror,And precipitates my snickerInto rhythmic chasmsOf curd, and whey, and buttermilk,And New Orleans molasses.Things turn and look at me;But I am pulling the Teat of Inspiration,And I out-stare them.Suddenly I explode withDemoniac laughter,Making a noise like a candy-suckerIn the mouth of a six-year old,Or the shriek of a cabooseWhich has been divorcedFrom a locomotive.And Things turn and flee me,But I write on.For am I not the New Poet?Am I notThe latest Scream? Jean By Orrick Johns AND that was how the summer passed by. She told himeverybody was getting to be strangers to her at homeand she hardly spoke to them any more; that the worldsomehow was not the same* He said the foreman and the"straw-boss" got him so mad, sometimes, he guessed hellwas not any hotter than the factory. He said it was all hecould do every day to keep from running out of the build- ing right to where she was, to tell her things. She said,"Yes, and the worst of it is, I'd probably be right whereyou went: we couldn't hope for any better luck at all.He said he never could tell her the things, though, whenhe saw her; he did not seem to want to, then. She said,"Yes, you're a quiet man, but I have no rights, anyway.One night they were sitting on the steps. She wasdown below him, with her chin in her hands, and thelight from the l'amp inside fell upon the back of hei neck.The breeze was blowing her hair over it and Martinwatched it, it was so white and soft, and he wanted totake it in both hands between his fingers and strangle herto death. When he told her what he wanted to do, shesaid, "Oh, God, Martin, it might be for the best." Heput his hand on it and she never moved, as though shewere waiting for him to carry out the awful thieat. Thenshe said, "If it was right for you to be in love with me,I'd be glad you said that, because that's the way you oughtto feel. But you oughtn't to, because we're too goodfriends to do like everybody else, and its just seeing eachother that counts." He said he would like to know whatfriends are for—with a girl. She got up and said if hetalked like that she would have to part from him forever.She said, "Because you were only too right when you saidwe shouldn't marry, not having money the way it is withus." He said, who asked her to marry him? She said,well, she was not begging for chances and he was gettingalmost shameless; that she must call a halt. It got tobe such a quarrel they stormed at each other and the nexttime they met they both felt bad and Martin apologized ;and she said they just had to kiss and make up; that itwas only right, and she would submit with a glad heart.They were sitting on the big hill in the park &gt;that samenight, on the grass. It was a clear sky, with all the starsout bright, and the city was all a garden of lights; theycould see them twinkling for miles and miles and the skya dull red glow in front of their faces. Martin lookedat the sky and thought it was so bright he was ten timesas big as he was and everybody in the city could see him sitting there on the hill with a girl beside him, and histrouble, and not knowing what to do. She was afraid,too, and moved away. They did not dare to touch eachother. Suddenly she got up and ran away and Martinwaited. He got scared after a few minutes and went tolook for her. At first he could not find her, because shehad gone in among the trees where it was darker. Whenhe came up she was kneeling under one of the trees andleaning over so the tall grass was in her hair. He did notgo right up, but he heard her moaning, "This can't goon!" She said it over and over again. He could hardlysee and he stumbled over and &gt; fell beside her and his handswent all over her. She.said, "No, no, no!" and pushedhim away wildly, and after a minute he got up and stoodstill, waiting for her to move. Pretty soon she got upand he took her arm. Part of the walk to the car he hadto almost carry her. They sat beside each other, andnever said a word; but everybody was laughing andtalking around them. He was ashamed because her dresswas torn at the throat and he had a great scratch on hischeek and thought everybody in the car was pointing at it.When he got to his house he took her arm and she cameright in with him without a word. They went into theand he lighted the light and said, "Now you stay here.''She sat down as though she did not know what she wasdoing. He said down, too, after a minute and started tosmoke. She got up and took one of his mother's apronsand put it on. He turned her right around and untiedit and threw it in the corner. Then she jumped past himand ran out of the house and stood on the porch with herback against the railing; and said, "Now I'll talk to youhere, Martin Hupp, if you have anything to say to me."Martin walked by her and sat down on the step like acrazy man and said, "I've said enough." She came besidehim and threw her arms around him and said, "Oh, Mar- tin, how noble you are!" She kept hugging him and halfcrying and told him he would have to be man enough forboth of them; that she was only a woman, and would haveto give in if he said anything about wanting her. Theysat there for a long time silent; and pretty soon every- thing seemed clear and bright to Martin all at once, andhe turned to her and grinned and said: "Aw, hell, Jean,why not get married?" She stood up astonished and said:"Well! I guess you've got to ask a person." He askedher what she thought he was doing. She sat down againthen close to him and sighed deeply and said, "Yes, dear."She said it was here moment. Martin just took her uplike a baby and carried her home. He laughed becausehe held her arms and she could not do anything butsquawk. Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.j. 112. McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET . HOTEL BREVOORTFifth AvenueCAFE LAFAYETTEUniversity PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hismexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room From die malting of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation wear.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23 Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076. LE DERNIER CRIThe gift shop magazine. Exploits the latest giftshop novelties. Devoted solely to the Gift andSpecial Shop. Sample copy free. 50 cents peryear.LE DERNIER CRIGrand Rapids, Mich. T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y. JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring 'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner READERS OF BRUNO'S WEEKLY ARE ASKED TO BECOME SUBSCRIBERS52 ISSUES, TWO DOLLARSSEND YOUR CHEQUE TO-DAY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, NEW YORK CITY Rare BooksFirst EditionsExtra fflnstrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas GKkI*urehased siagly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for thsmsslveator for those who have not access to die best hook marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mess. Bains a bookI N W lilC IIwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson AvenueId Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book miquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address' 'COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington So. ROSSI BROTHERSS8 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICC CREAM AND TOBACCO The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square'Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger* There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn tku store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not besn tarrirodon the altar of commerdaliamA postal will bring yon, with oar ccunplnwsnts,an interesting little biography of itr. Urns. A.Phone: Stnyresant 4570 Edison