Bruno's Weekly 1 16 November 6th, MCMXV naaq_1915-11-06_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 16 Untitled Image Illustration 1 We of the City Clement Yore cre 2 Greenwich Village—1823—America's Temporary Business Centre 2-3 Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. 4 Greenwich Village in Modern Fiction 4 I. Katie Jordan in "Creeping Tides" 5-6 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 6-7 Civilization George A.C. Keller cre 7 Lashes on the Bare Back for New Jersey Women From "The Gentleman's Magazine/" 1788 cre 8 Day and the Dawn of Time, James Waldo Fawcett cre 8 In Our Village 9-10 Corner on Washington Square South and, Thompson Street-Drawn by F. Jacoby Illustration 10 Bruno's Garret 10-11 Some of Our Aristocrats 11-12 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-13 The Third A Story from Warsaw's Latin Quarter Henry Sienkiewicz cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre Heliodor Suslowski cre 13-15 Sparrows' Chirps D. Molby cre 16 Richard Wagner—Egoist Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'SWEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents November 6th, 1915. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited By Guido Bfuno in his Gavret on Washington Sqinur# No. 16 NOVEMBER 6th, MCMXV Vol. I opyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue). BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison andEdited and written by Guid© Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. We of the City Clement Yore It is chill and wet and the sun has setBehind the sullen city,It is cold and damp where the dim street lampLooks on with barren pity—Oh! the laughs that mock and shock and blockThe very souls that melt,Mid the snarling sneers and jeers and tearsWhich in the air are felt.It is man and stone, red flesh and boneRaised but to satisfy,It is lustful fire exposed for hireWhich seems to carnify.Oh! the brains that leap and steep and sleepIn the lust and vice and shame,'Tis the awesome thrill that kills and stillsAnd defiles with Passion's flame.What is name or birth or singular worth,What is Honor, Truth or Pride,What matters it all when at last we fallStripped to our wantoned hide?Oh! the pink, pink arms and swarms of charmsHidden to tease and lure,Oh! the calling eyes with cries and sighsWho cares if they're impure112It is gold and wealth and a little of health,To enable us better to plungeInto the shame of race not with a blame faceQuickly our past to expunge—'Tis the constant sip of lips that dripThat washes our souls away,But the souls come back all black to rackWhen we have had our day. Greenwich Village—1823—America'sTemporary Business Centre P IS one of the few facts about Greenwich Village, n©tgenerally known, that its early celebrity was not due to thehospitable character of its inhabitants, the salubrity of the neigh- borhood, or the exclusive character of some of the social observa- ances, but to an epidemic of yellow fever. There had been•isitations of that disease in 1791, 1795 and 1798. After the last epidemic, in the spring of 1799, the Bank of New York and theBranch Bank of the United States bought two plots of groundin Greenwich Village on what is now Bank Street and put upbank buildings on them. They had to use these buildings inSeptember, 1799, when a fourth epidemic of the fever came uponthe city. Notice was given in the papers that notes and bills fordiscount might be left for the cashier at the Tontine Tavern inthe city on Mondays and Wednesdays, and would be called forby a bank messenger and offered for discount at the bank thefollowing day.There were epidemics in 1819, 1822 and 1823, but the epidem- ic of 1823 was most serious of all, and it had the effect of almostdepopulating what are now the lower wards of New York and ofincreasing the popularity of Greenwich Village, then an outlayingvillage. As a local historian wrote, "As soon as this dreadfulscourge made its appearance in New York the inhabitants shut uptheir shops and fled from their houses into the country. Thosewho could not go far on account of business removed to Green- wich, a small village situated on the border of the Hudson River,about two or three miles from town. Here the merchants andotliers had their offices and carried on their concerns, with littledanger from the fever, which did not seem to be contagiousbeyond a certain distance. Very few were left in the confinedparts of the town, except the poorer classes and the negroes."Persons familiar with the Ninth ward of New York as atpresent, and westsiders who have grown to be accustomed toits irregularity of geographical construction and placidity ofexistence, may feel emotions of surprise when they read theauthentic and veracious narrative of what happened in 1823when, so to speak, Greenwich Village was booming: One Satur- day—not a half holiday either—in August, wrote a local observer,"our city presented the appearance of a town besieged. Fromdaybreak till night one line of carts containing boxes, merchan- dise and effects were seen moving toward Greenwich Village.Carriages and hacks, wagons and horsemen, were scouring thestreets and filling the roads; persons with anxiety stronglymarked upon their countenances and with hurried gait werehustling through the streets. Temporary stores and offices wereerected, and even on the ensuing day (Sunday) carts were inmotion and the saw and hammer busily at work. Within a fewdays thereafter the Custom House, the Post Office, the banksand the insurance offices and the printers of newspapers locatedthemselves in Greenwich Village." Since 1823 the banks havenot had to fly to Greenwich, and the only trace of their formernomadic visits there is Bank Street.It had been before that and was for a considerable timeafterward the seat of the State prison and the landing place ofthe Ferry from New Jersey. Boomed by the incident of theyellow fever epidemic, it became an established place of residencefor many well-to-do New Yorkers, and for almost a hundredyears since has retained many of the characteristics then firstsecured to it. Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Char- les Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. MOST of the visitors of last week admitted frankly that theynever had heard of Stephen Collins Foster and that theynever took even the trouble to find out who the composer of thosemost favorite American home songs was, as "Way Down Uponthe Swanee River" and "Old Folks at Home." The littlepilgrimage to his workshop and home, to his little grocerystore on the Bowery, to his furnished room in the old AmericanHotel, also on the Bowery, and also to his death-bed in oneof the wards of the Bellevue Hospital, brought not only thecomposer nearer to our hearts but anew his songs and works.These are not lectures, it isn't like reading a book. It is likea journey into days gone by and the spoken word, the music ofthe instrument, the song of the voice creates an everlastingpicture, a monument for him who hasn't found one in ourstreets or parks.Among those who will appear during the last three days of theweek in the Thimble Theatre, is Miss Dorothy Nussbaum, ayoung pianist from Chicago. She will play "Gavotte et Musette"by d'Albert, "Pres de la Mer," by Arensky, and "RhapsodicNo. 8," by Liszt.Miss Addie Galva, a Vermont girl who has spent the greaterpart of her life in Boston, came to New York to enter uponan operatic career. Her aim is to sing grand opera, especiallyWagner. "Elsie's Dream," from Wagner's Lohrengrin, is heropening number in the Little Thimble Theatre. She will singalso, a few songs by American composers. Greenwich Village in Modern Fiction A good many of the well-known and of the less-known authorsof America have laid the scenes of their short stories and novelsin Greenwich Village. It is not the naming of streets and ofsquares but the conveying of the atmosphere, the picturing ofarchitecture and of peculiarities of the interior that are of in- terest to us who live here and to those who are interested in thepreservation of real historical landmarks of New York.Of course, there is O. Henry, the master teller of romance inNew York, who used Greenwich Village as the most essentialingredients of his best stories. He doesn't call the streets bytheir names or the stores by their proprietors or the hotels andstudios but if we ever bump against one of the places, we in- voluntarily remember his stories.In fact; take Greenwich Village away from O. Henry's NewYork stories and there won't be any stories left."O. Henry in Greenwich Village" is the title of the leadingarticle in next week's Bruno's Weekly. Today we are followingKatie Jordan in her "Creeping Tides" and well does she picturethe studios or furnished rooms of our village, the streets andthe people who are our fellow-roomers in house and village. I. Katie Jordan in "Creeping Tides" CHE sat in a really spacious room, a remnant of old-time,temperate opulence. Through the smoke-grime on thehigh ceilings oleaginous Cupids bearing garlands were dimlyseen. The sarcophagus-like marble mantel was decoratedwith branches of heavy grapes, all mutilated. The mirrorset into the wall above it had a beautifully carved old frame,a glass cheap and new. Few of the dangling prisms wereleft on the huge chandeliers. The colonnaded mahogany doorswere scarred.This stately room and two spaces partitioned from it, hadbeen her home for eleven years. They were close to Wav- erly Place, in Greenwich Village—that one corner of relic- slaughtering New York that retains reminders of the dignifiedgentility of a century ago. Here Eleventh and Fourth streets,refusing to be separated by arithmetical arrangement, meetat an unexpected point as if to shake hands, and WaverlyPlace sticks its head in where some other street ought to be,for all the world like a village busybody who has to see whatis happening around the corner.The place is two-toned in a most striking way: Along thestreets that have survived impairment are lines of sedate,prosperous homes, many of them occupied by descendantsof their builders and as conservatively American as any townin New England; there are other streets where decadentmansions are rented out in bare floors, even rooms, and housea curious, secretive and constantly shifting population. Hereone meets wrecks from strange pasts; walking sorrows withmemories for companions; eyes that seem looking into graves;patrician voices often in strange tongues; beautiful hands inold gloves; proud, gray heads under old bonnets. The oldVillage holding back from the shrieking rush of progress,has an affinity with these aimless, broken beings. They floatin and out like spoil on the tides."You mean the people in the house?" An envious frownshot down between her brows. "They don't try to knoweach other—do they?""There are some in the upper rooms that I've not evenseen; they come and go like the time. You can't help meet- in the permanent ones, however, and if you like 'types'you'll enjoy them." Miss Onderdonk poured out more tea."There's a little dressmaker downstairs in the front—Mrs.Murray. She's a mixture! Spanish and Irish-American. Hergrammar is awful sometimes, and yet she has a streak inher that will make her weep over a sonnet or a sunset. Onthis floor the front parlor is rented to an old German whomends violins. If the cupboards and the wardrobe didn'tdivide him from you, you'd hear a wailing like sick animals.He's always celebrating some anniversary or other and thenhe nails smilax around the frame of his door and has some very old men come to drink coffee with him. Each plays onsomething, and all beautifully! Over there"—She pointedacross Mrs. Barrett's head to the big double mahogany doors—"is the back parlor of the house next door, which in itspalmy days communicated with this as a double mansion."And in there," she said, her eyes brightening like a connois- seur's over a treasure, "divided from you by seven inches ofold Domingo mahogany that's clamped by rusty bolts whichhave not budged for twenty years, you have a neighbor who'sas interesting as many a three-volume novel! Do you readthe papers?" she asked in a sudden way, pointed with mean- ing.It is a romance of an old neighborhood — a true replicaof the many romances enacted in the everyday life of ourvillage. The book is dedicated to John Masefield, the Englishpoet who served his apprenticeship in American letters inour country right among us as bartender in The WorkingGirls' Home, as it is known to us, or Mr. O'Connor's Colum- bian Hotel bar, as it is known to the non-elect that pass dailythis memorable landmark in the life of the English poet. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre ■JHERE is nothing startling and unusual about it. No luxur- ious equipment for the audience. No new color schemes,no unexpected effects or revolutionizing stage features, no arch- itecture producing optic illusions on the stage. It is a show- house in the realest sense of the word. A house where somethingis shown. The things which are put on show being the onlyreason for the existence of the house, and its main and solefeature.Only with physical comfort is the human mind susceptible tonew impressions, ready to listen, to like or to dislike, to approveof or to reject. An unprejudced mind must be housed in a com- fortable-feeling, self-unconscious body. Therefore, comfortablearm-chairs are provided with plenty of room to the right and tothe left to enable one to change one's position easily, and plentyof space between rows so that the legs do not feel stepmotherlytreated.The stage is simple. Just an elevation, with no other purposethan to expose the performers conspicuously to everybodypresent.Acting, music, singing and recitation are good as the result ofbeing themselves. Therefore, stage settings of more or less con- spicuous designs, decorations of all kinds, the appliance of thescience of stage lighting are only irritating and distractive to theattention.Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre has no competitiveambitions with professional theatres or showhouses. It hasone purpose and one aim: to give the American composer, theAmerican musician, the American playwright and the American poet, a chance to meet face to face with his supreme critic,an American public.Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre has one mission: tocreate ideas, to give everybody who has something to say, a voice,to throw ideas among the masses. If they are worth while, themasses will take care of them. They will be exploited and viewedand reviewed, reconstructed and remodeled, and improved, andthey will live—live forever.If the ideas are shallow, 110 echo will resound. They will beburied in oblivion. The highest and the supremest judgment, thejudgment that lasts forever and forever is passed by the masses.The masses are composed of thousands of individuals. Everyindividual has his voice in this court of judgment. Just one in- dvidual might tip the balance of all the thousands. To the in- dividual must we speak in order to speak to the masses. Just tothe one who might find in four or six simple lines of rhythm therevelation of the harmony and the rhythm of his own simplelife. Civilization George A.C. Keller A FLARE! A roar! A screaming shell!A flood of gas! A flame of Hell!A lane of death; a slaughtered mass;A crimson fortune on the grass.A wav'ring cheer! A frantic shout!A furious charge! A driven route!A silvery note; a sudden stand;A gory trembling of the land.Mad-wheeling horses; racing cars;Loud-drumming aeros; fading stars;Soft-fingered search-lights, picking outThe night-hid legions circling 'bout.A weakened front; a break; a drive;A flight; a chase; a swarming hiveOf men gone mad—a murder pen.With men all bent on killing men!Day comes:—a thousand funeral firesRedden the scene from as many pyres.The dead are ash; the rest still fight—For King and Country; Home and "Right i" Lashes on the Bare Back forNew Jersey Women From "The Gentleman's Magazine/" 1788. THE first settlers of New England made the laws of Mosesthe groundwork of their constitutions; and often producedthem as the highest authority in determining suits in theircourts. This respect for the Levitical code will account formany of their ancient laws, which appear repugnant to thenatural rights of men, and the feelings of the human heart.The following was the statute of New Jersey restrainingdrunkenness."Concerning that beastly vice, drunkenness, it is herebyenacted, that if any person be found to be drunk, he shall payone shilling fine for the first offence, two shillings for thesecond and for the third time, and for every time after, twoshillings and sixpence; and such as have nothing to pay, shallsuffer corporal punishment, and for those that are unruly anddisturbers of the peace, they shall be putin the stocks untilafter they are sober, or during the pleasure of the officer inchief in the place where he is drunk.Quere. Would not the enforcing of such a statute in moderntimes be a ready mode of raising a revenue and dischargingour public debts?Another law of New Jersey was in these words:"If any man shall absent himself, or run out of this Provincewith another man's wife (without her husband's consent), andafter return hither, he and she so offending and being lawfullyconvicted thereof, shall each of them receive ten lashes upontheir bare backs."By another statute of that colony, every female was forbidto marry her grandfather, and every male his grandmother,from the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand sixhundred, and eighty and three.Many of the laws of that colony appear to be dictated by aspirit of piety; yet we find the proprietors not friendly toclergymen. Among other instructions from the committee ofthe proprietors to Governor Basse, dated, London, April 14,1698, there is the following:7. "That you do not consent to a law for imposing orascertaining the yearly, quarterly or any other salary, tax orallowance for the maintenance of any sort of preachers orministers of whatsoever persuasion they be of in matters ofreligion." James Waldo Fawcett Day and the Dawn of Time,Love and the Soul of Rhyme,Night and the Evening Chime,Life! In Our Village Corner on Washington Square South and, Thompson Street-Drawn by F. Jacoby | DIDN'T believe my eyes last Friday, but truly and honestlyit was horse car—one of those old rickety New Yorkhorse cars, with chimney sticking out, puffing away white cloudslike a peanut roasting machine or the stove of the chestnut selleron the corner of Thompson street. The horses had bells, thedriver a whip and a derby hat with his number stuck 011 thefront. Slowly but merrily it moved up Fourth street and passedthe Square. I was standing there at the window of my garret,the same window where Lafayette during his last visit toNew York in 1824, witnessed the execution of a score ofhighwaymen on what was then Potters' Field, at the samewindow from which a lady an hour ago had called to her foot- man to bring her machine around to the entrance. I sawthe horse car passing and nobody seemed to pay any attentionto it, and soon the electric street car passed over the samerails, and automobiles hoot-hooted, and the big electric arclight in front of the windows flashed up while the city withits gigantic structures back of the arch grew darker and darker.It was night. Naked branches of dark trees right in front ofthe windows. Here and there a gas lamp, yellow and flickeringthrough the darkness of bushes and benches and people of theSquare. Farther and farther seemed the world with its noiseand with the modern devices of our days' life. I lighted a candleand sat in front of the grate. Winds rattled on my windowsand swept through the chimney, the broken and dilapidatedchimney. The wood-work creaked, the wind pressed its waythrough the cracks and knot-holes. The tin on the roof rumbledand the light of the candle was dancing in merriment, swayingrhythmically like a young girl with her hands at her hips,listening to grandmother's sweet melodies.I was sitting in my old chair and thinking of the charmsyou all are deprived of—you who are living in steam-heated,electric-lighted elevator apartments — you who are living inhouses with killed souls. Your telephone wires pierce theirhearts, your steam pipes put them on the bed of Procrustesand your tapestry muzzles them.And on black nights you can hear the wind moaning outsidein vain asking admission. He can't deliver his messages fromneighboring souls. It is on those nights that you turn restlesslyin your bed, listening to strange noises, that you switch onyour light and reopen the book you laid away in the evening. . . . and you don't know that the house had a soul andthat souls come back.But that horse car travels at least once a week throughGreenwich Village : to keep up the company's franchise. Colonial Cavaliers Mr. Edison extended the courtesy of his Little Thimble Theatrefor Sunday evening to The National Society of Colonial Cava- liers, who will hold here, their annual meeting. Mr. W. Lanier Washington, Deputy Palatine General of the National Societyof Colonial Cavaliers, will give an account of his recent visitto Sulgrave Manor, England, the ancestral home of the Wash- ington s. Mr. Washington is a direct descendant of the Wash- ington family.Bruno will tell about the Dutch-German branch of theWashington family, a short review of his book under the sametitle, published recently by the Historical Society of Chicago.A Patriotic Ensemble on the Diamond Disc will conclude theyearly meeting. Bruno's Garret Djuna Barnes' exhibit of grotesques and arabesques in warand peace moods will be tacked to the walls of Bruno's Garretuntil November 11th. Saturday afternoon is a poetry reading,at which you will be heartily welcome. "We of the City" is the subject of an informal talkGuido Bruno will deliver in his garret on Monday evening.You are invited. Some of Our Aristocrats Edward N. Tailer Esq., the Dean of New York Society, hasa remarkable diary of New York Society and the world's cur- rent events which he has been keeping for more than half acentury. The diary already fills between fifty and sixty ponderousquartos. On each page Mr. Tailer records in handwriting abrief mention of any social function he may have attended, orother interesting event in which he has participated, or personof note whom he may have met. On the same page, but innewspaper clippings are pasted accounts of important currenthappenings in town, or in the world at large. Historical societiescovet the diary in vain, for it is willed to Mr. Tailer's only son,Mr. T. Suffern Tailer, who inherits his fathers's fondness forfashionable society but not for Washington Square. Mr. EdwardN. Tailer who is the eldest survivor of the late Mrs. Astor's inti- mate coterie, has proved himself to be a shrewd business man.but in late years has devoted himself to the care of the largeinherited real estate of his own and of his wife, who was aMiss Suffern. The mansion, No. 11 Washington Square, hasbeen in possession of the Suffern family upwards of ninety yearsand is filled with priceless heirlooms. A daughter, Mrs. RobertR. Livingston and Robert R. Livingston, who own an extensiveLivingston estate at Tivoli-on-the-Hudson, pass their winterswith Mr. and Mrs. Tailer. Another daughter, Mrs. Burnett, thewife of General Henry L. Burnett, former U. S. District At- torney, lives at No. 7 East 12th St. Mrs. Burnett, who is oneof the grand dames of the Washington Square neighborhood andcould head any Salon, is intellectually the most brilliant of Mr.Tailer's children. Of Mr. and Mrs. Tailer's friends and neigh- bors in this old Janborg, who belong to the same great worldof society, national in fame, of which they have stood for gener- ations as representative personages, may be cited, the Frank S.Witherbees, Lispenard Stewart, the W. Starr Millers, Mrs.Cadrialader Jones, Mrs. Benjamin C. Porter, Mr. Eugene De- lano, Clement C. March, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Guinness, Capt.and Mrs. Philip M. Lydig, Mrs. Ambrose Spencer, Clinton Spen- cer, the Charles de Rhams, and the Schermerhorns of UniversityPlace. Families in the Washington Square neighborhood, whowere received by the late Mrs. Astor, have it jotted down initalics in their mental note books and those who are eligibleto pass muster in Mrs. Ogden Mills' drawing room, the mostexclusive in town today, are equally aware of this cachet.The Rev. Charles W. Nauman, the genial clergyman who livesat No. 35 Fifth Avenue, has just been appointed a curate ofthe Church of the Ascension. Mr. Nauman is an excellent ser- monizer and reader of the service ultra-conservative, has not thesocial uplift spirit and is not a parish visitor. His charming wifeis a Vassar graduate, but free from the angels which bristleon some college-bred women. Mrs. Rozel Oertel Butler, painter of America's deserts andBad Lands, is back to the city, occupying her old grand quarterson Washington Square. Mrs. Butler's studio was during thepast season a musical centre on the Square, and her exhibitionin the Ehrich Galleries was followed quickly by exhibitions inseveral cities of the country.Raising fishes—all kinds of fishes, is the hobby and favoritepastime of Miss Mildred Snider. She has hundreds of them—648, to be exact, and new ones are being daily hatched. AndMiss Snider is not an old maid by any means, and no crankeither. It is just her hobby and she assures that her fish areall high and well-bred. She keeps them in three rooms, in big andin small tanks.Mr. Camoin, of the famous 42 on the Square, just finishedan operetta, both score and script. Its scene is laid in Green- wich Village; its time is today. It pictures life on the Squareas it is. Soon it will be seen on Broadway.Benjamin Benn opened a Sunday drawing and painting classin his studio at 244 East 23rd Street, and he will be glad toextend the courtesy of his studio to all those who are interested. Books and Magazines of the Week To write a historical drama while the history is being madeby one's contemporaries is a superhuman task. The dramatizationof the Napoleonic wars by men who had been eye-witnessesproved worthless in years to come, from the standpoint of theartist, at least. It takes the sane mind of a critic above theonly too human emotions of the actors in this bloody drama inEurope to write one for the stage. Leonidas Andreief, moved bythe suffering of Belgium, by the terrible scenes he witnessed,wrote a drama, published recently in English translation, byThe Duffield Company. It is not Andreief's calling to writeplays. The Minaret It seems a new renaissance of the one man magazine devotedto literature and art is breaking in all parts of the country.Washington contributed this week its share, Mr. HerbertBruncken's new magazine, "The Minaret," which carries onits first page the aims and the confessions of its editor."We are not Cubists, Futurists, or Imaginists. We do notpretend to stand for the past or future, but for the present.We have a single aim, and that is to produce a magazine thatwe hope will appeal to those who are fond of good literature.In a word, we are Americans interested in the literature of ourown country, but we believe that by publishing in this magazine,in the future, translations of the modern French and Germanpoets, we are enriching our own literature." The Colonnade The October number of this "Fireside Magazine" is a romancenumber. The Colonnade is published by the Andiron Clubof New York, an association of forty-three members—writers,university instructors, musicians, artists—who meet fortnightlyaround an open fire for the purpose of reading and discussingthe contributions submitted for publication in the Club'smagazine.Mr. John W. Draper, the poet, is its editor. We of the City £LEM YORE is the remancier of Chicago's slum life. Hesees the romance in the existence of creatures whosewalk through life is an eternal "move on." For the womanwho sells her body he feels that pity which is hungrily soughtafter by the poor creature and which makes her feel like ahuman being. For the bum, the roamer, and the rowdy, hehas words of encouragement which are free from the bittersting of accusation.He is merciless towards those whom he makes responsiblefor these spoiled lives—the men and women who lead the evillife in secret and cover it up by charitable activity in public. The Lusitania's Last Voyage Charles E. Lauriat, Jr., a well-known business man of Boston,who was a passenger on the Lusitania when she was torpedoedby a German submarine, has written an account of the disasterwhich will be published by Houghton Mifflin Company, the 16thof this month under the title The Lusitania's Last Voyage. The Third A Story from Warsaw's Latin Quarter By Henry Sienkiewicz Translated by Guido Bruno Heliodor Suslowski We both are listening . . . not a sound!"Didn't you hear anything?""No!""We're in a nice fix! It must be hundreds of yards deep!""Try it again."Swiatecki takes another bigger stone and throws it down.No echo.There is nothing doing. We have to sit there until early inmorning. Swiatecki tries a few more stones, but all isfutile. One hour after the other passes. I hear Swiatecki'svoice."Wladek! Don't fall asleep! .... do you have a cigarette ?"I have cigarettes, but we neither of us have a match. Weare desperate. It isn't later than one hour after midnight.A fine rain starts to fall. All around us imperturbabledarkness. I feel that we who are always living among peoples just the same whether in the city or in the country, have notthe slightest conception of what quietness is. Because thequietness which surrounds us now roars almost in our ears.I almost hear how the blood circulates in my veins and Idistinctly hear the palpitating of my heart. At first I foundthe entire situation interesting. In the pitch dark night, nextto a deep abyss, on the ridge of a mountain—it was quiteromantic. But soon it grows cold, and Swiatecki starts tophilosophize: "What's life anyhow? Just bunk— They say:Art! Art! .... just a cheap imitation of nature, andabove all meanness .... haven't I seen twice the Salon ?There they sent so many pictures that one could have manu- factured out of all that canvas straw ticks for all the in- habitants of the world. And what was that all? Made to order!A speculation to fill pocket and stomach. An anarchy of art!Nothing more! If art, real art had been there, everyone wouldhave been stricken with paralysis. But to their good fortune,real art isn't at all in this world. . . . there is only nature.Possibly, that nature is nothing, too, but humbug . . . thebest would be to jump down and all would be over. I wouldsurely do it if I had some brandy, but as I have none, I haveto refrain myself; because I swore that I won't end sober."I was more or less accustomed to Swiatecki's babble, buthere in the midst of the quietness the destitution, the cold, thedarkness and on the edge of an abyss, his words made evenme gloomy. Fortunately, his raving was at an end. He threwa few more stones, repeated a few times: "Not a sound." Andwe both were silent for hours.And then it began to dawn. It was still dark and I couldsee nothing. I heard the rushing of birds' wings above myhead. I distinctly heard crowing. I was sure it must beeagles flying above the abysses; the crowing became moreintense in the darkness. It sounded as if legions of eagles hadassembled above our heads. Anyhow it meant the approach ofthe morn.Soon I could distinguish my own hands resting on the edge ofthe mountain and soon the shoulders of Swiatecki, like blacksilhouettes against a less black background. This backgroundturned visibly pale, a wonderful pale gray tone started to shimmerthrough the mountains which penetrates more and more thedarkness as if a silver fluid had been spilled over all saturatingeverything, fading from black to gray and from gray into apearl color. A wet acerbity was over all. Not only the mountainswere wet but also the air.It grew clearer and clearer. I am absorbed in this wonderfulcolor scheme of nature. I am trying to retain the colors inmy mind. A loud exclamation of Swiatecki interrupted me:"What asses we were!" His back vanishes from my eyes,"Swiatecki," I exclaimed, "What are you doing?""Don't scream, just look!"I lean over, and what do I see? I am sitting on a rockand about a yard below me are pastures. Dense moss dampened the echo of the stones. The pastures are lying there like acarpet. Far off, near a cross way is a flock of crows whichI had taken for eagles. We should just have jumped downfrom our rocks and could have reached home in a very simpleway. And we had sat there all night, freezing and desperate!I don't know why this incident which had happened a yearand a half before crossed my mind while I waited in our studiothe arrival of the landlord.This reminiscence gave me a new courage and bravely I saidto Swiatecki:"Do you remember, Antek, how we thought once that wewere sitting at the edge of an abyss and how in reality a nice- pathway was right in front of us? The same might happenright now. Just now we are poor as a church mouse. Thelandlord may come and throw us out of our studio, and stilleverything may happen quite differently. Isn't it possible thatan unhoped for sluice will open up for us the way that leadsstraight to glory and gold? .Swiatecki was sitting at the tick putting on his shoesmumbling that only he is sensible who has the courage tohang himself and that the only reason why he hadn't done it him- self up to now was the fact that he was not only the biggestliving ass, but also a low-hearted coward.My optimistic remark interrupted his musings and he lookedat me with his big carp's eyes:"Of course, you have very good reasons to be happy; yesterdaySuslowski threw you out of his house and out of the heart of hisdaughter and today the landlord will tell you to get out of thestudio."It was true, Swiatecki was right. Three days ago I still hadbeen the fiance of Kazzia Suslowska and Tuesday morning Iwas the recipient of the following letter from her father:"Dear Sir:Following the parental admonitions, our daughter consentedto break off an association which would have brought heronly unhappiness. Well would she always have found a hiding- place at the bosom of her mother and under the roof of herfather, but it is just up to us, her parents, to prevent such anextremity of the case. Not only your financial position, butalso your frivolous character which you did not succeed inhiding from our eyes caused us and our daughter to give youback your word and to break off any further relations with you.But what otherwise does not diminish our fondness for you.Respectfully, Ex-President of the Former Treasury Commission."Such was the letter.That my finances could not induce a dog to leave his warmplace behind the oven, I have to partly acknowledge. But whatthis pathetic monkey wanted with my character, I don't know.(To be continued) Sparrows' Chirps By D. Molby fHE sparrow is a much better bird than he is usually givencredit for. He does not have any rich colors in his feathersso that people will want to wear them on their hats, and hemay not have any other practical use, but he is a good songbird. In the summer, there are so many other birds aroundthat people are prejudiced in favor of, that the sparrow doesn'tget any notice. But in the winter he is the principal bird.It is fortunate for him that he does not know what thepeople think of him. He feels that he is just as good a birdas there is in the world, and when all the other birds havegone south to where it is warm, the sparrow gets up in a bigtree that has lost all its leaves and stands there in the wind andsings. He sings with all his might. He sees that the peopleneed song, and he stays so there will be someone to give it tothem. The passers-by and the people in the houses near the treemay think the sound is shrill and only a noise, but this doesn'tinterfere with the sparrow—he knows it is a song. And whenhe sings it, he is happy.He does not sing his song just to hear himself, else he wouldsit in his nest at home and do it. And he doesn't sing it withthe idea that he will get something to eat. It is just pastimefor him and he does it because he likes to and assumes that itis appreciated. This attitude is so good that, regardless of thequality of the song, the sparrow himself should be respectedand made more of. Richard Wagner—Egoist By Guido Bruno No argument was put up, neither mother nor wife everinterrupted his explanations and ambitions with the question:"And what shall we live on ? With what shall we pay rent andbuy the daily bread?"They endured the hardships, made him comfortable exercisingconstant self-denial, kept away from the room where he worked,where he dreamed the reality of life.And these two women justly participate in the gratefulnessthe German nation owes Richard Wagner.Wagner loved animals. Eighteen years his dumb friend,Peps, was his steady companion. It is not surprising that aman like Wagner, living in his own world, living in his ownthoughts and working towards a purpose, the ultimate goalof which was known to him only and not understood by hisfellow men, was in spasmodic intervals possessed by the moodto be affectionate to caress someone, to talk kindly and child- ishly to some being.When he is in the mood to give he is not necessarily in amood to receive and the same man who felt like bestowing upon someone, following a momentary impulse, would havefelt uncomfortably embarrassed if his caresses had been re- turned. -It was a healthy egotism, here as always in Wagner's lift. Heknew others would not and could not understand him and so hadid not expect an answer when he spoke.He was happy when he could give and could impress.Admiration to him was the only possible and expected answer.A vivid illustration: Minna patiently trains the parrot herhusband received as a present to say:"Wagner is a great man."And the composer is happy over his new admirer, places hiscage near the piano, feeds him every morning, talks to him whenhe does not feel satisfied with his own work and smiles with theparrot's interjections which sound like the soothing voice of theone who understands and whom Wagner never found:"Never mind; just go back to your work and try it again.Wagner is a great man."WAGNER had read Shakespeare in English, the Greek dra- mas in Greek. After his mother had gone back to their originalhome town, Leipzig, where two of her daughters were actressesof note he frequently attended the theatre. He became ac- quainted with the German stage of his day. He realized thedifferences between the favorites he loved so dearly and theFrench importations the average playgoer seemed to enjoy."If the German nation had a national drama," he mused,"they never would listen to these artless and low works of menwho had nothing else in view than to make money with theirproducts."The drama of a nation, he persistently contended, was a faith- ful mirror of the people. Where the tone of a drama was base,the people would be found degraded through their own acts orthe superior force of others. The idea of a national drama forhis fatherland possessed him. He longed to lift the German dramafrom its miserable condition and his model was"the noble, per- fect, grand and heroic tragedy of the Hellenes."He had received piano lessons in the school but he nevermastered the technique of an average pianist. He loved Weber,the composer of Germany's revolutionary songs, and he admiredBeethoven. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsMonday,3 p. m.Wednesday, 2:15 p. m.Thursday,Friday,3 p. m.8:15 p. m.8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.A little Pilgrimage to the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage of the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down upon the SwaneoRiver," "My Old Kentucky Home,""Old Folks at Home." Do youknow that they were created andwritten by Stephen Collins Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?Come to the Matinee on Monday or Thursday at 3 P. M.