Secession 1 Spring 1922 naay_1922_01 Secession 1 IDENTITY CARDS 2 DAY COACH MALCOLM COWLEY cre 3-5 BOTTLE FOUND AT SEA LOUIS ARAGON cre 6-9 PERIPATETICS MATTHEW JOSEPHSON cre 10 APOLLINAIRE: OR LET US BE TROUBADOURS WILL BRAY cre 11-15 instant note brother TRISTAN TZARA cre 16 A BOW TO THE ADVENTUROUS G. B. M cre 17-21 UNPUBLISHED FRAGMENT FROM MR. AA THE ANTIPHILOSOPHER TRISTAN TZARA cre 22-23 IN A CAFÉ WILL BRAY cre 23 EXPOSÉ No. 1 G. B. M cre 24-26 AN OLD SONG TO NEW MUSIC Isidore Ducasse (Comte De Lautrémont cre 27-28 SECESSION NUMBER ONEVIENNATWENTY CENTS DIRECTOR: GORHAM MUNSONTemporary editorial office : Hotel Zenit, Vienna, AustriaBusiness office : Peter K. Hurwitz, Treasurer, 1361 - 46 Street, Brooklyn,New YorkAddress all correspondence, editorial and business, to Peter K. Hurwitz,Treasurer, 1361 - 46 Street, Brooklyn, New York PRICE OF THIS NUMBER20 cents in America 2 francs 50 in France 1 shilling- in EnglandSubscriptions, $ 1.00, 12 francs, or 5 shillings for six numbersBNUMBER ONE SPRING 1922% Translated from the French by Will Bray Translated from the French by Will Bray Printed by Julius Lichtner, Vienna VIII. IDENTITY CARDS Louis Aragon; A youthful student of medicine who served in thewar. Poet, novelist, critic, co-director of Litterateurand associate editor of Aventure, the two organsof the youngest French generation in letters.Will Bray: He has covered at prodigious speed an enormousamount of literary territory during his nineteenyears. He has lived alternately in America and inFrance and writes in both languages.Malcolm Cowley: A contributor of poetry and essays to a numberof publications, including the Dial, the LittleReview, the N. Y. Evening Post Literary Review.He graduated from Harvard not long ago and isliving in Montpellier, France, at present.Matthew Josephson: A recent graduate of Columbia University and aresident of Paris. He has been published byPoetry: A Magazine of Verse. Lately, he joinedthe staff of Aventure. A helpful counselor at themeetings in Paris which planned Secession.Tristan Tzara: His cry, „Dada", has travelled around the worldfrom the Cafe Voltaire, Zurich in 1916. A Rou- manian who writes in French. He is author ofLa Premiere Aventure Celeste de Mr Antipyrine,Vingt-Cinq Poemes and Calendrier cinema ducoeur abstrait. DAY COACH MALCOLM COWLEY I Tickets PLEASEsaid the conductor, and Benjamin settled backinto his seat, and by this action wrappedsolitude about hipi like a cloak.Strangers brushed past himdown the aisle, soiling onlythe fringes of his mantel;his eyes had turnedto watch the hills that so proceeded like awkwardvast dancers across his eyes;to watch the movingmist of his breath as it crept along the pane. II He says to himself— it is the placingof the foot upon the step deposited by the porter:it is the leisurelyprocession with baggage up a red plush aisle:out of such gestures there growsthe act of travel.Johnstown, Pittsburgh: these citiesescape the grasp of the handthese cities are pimpled on hills;Manhattan is corseted briefly about with waters.You climb into a train, give a tip, open a paper, light acigar, and the landscapejerks unevenly past.Your knees straightenautomatically at Pittsburgh; a portertakes the luggage, saying rapidly— this way to a taxi, Boss,this way to a taxi,and the hills and fields of Pennsylvania quiverbehind you vaguely, the landscape of a dream. III As the other train passed he looked through theplate glass of the dining car — the other — and sawa fork suspended in the air and before it had finishedits journey he was peering into a smoking car with asilver haze and four men playing cards over a suitcaseclamped to their knees. A world, a veritable world, asseen beneath the microscope. A world in an envelopesealed with the red tail light that proceeded gravelypast him up the track. A world sealed out of his worldand living for thirty-five seconds of his life. IV The lights of the train proceedtransversely across the water;across the water stridesthe shadow of the engineer;the square barred windows move across the wateras if they marked a prison that existsnever between four walls, but only movescontinually across a world of waters. V His head drooped lower gradually; he dreamedof the locomotive that boldly had desertedthe comfortable assurance of steel rails;it turned and leapedlike a beast hunted along the wooded slope.BMMMPover logs, over stones and amongthe trees that leaned away from it as it passed,and all the time the engineer bending out of his caband saying— The four fourteen will be on time at Youngsvillethe four fourteen will be on time WON'T it, Bill.And the trees, reassured, lean back to their posts again. VI Time is marked not by hours but by cities; we areone station before Altoona, one station beyond Altoona; CRESSON: change cars for Luckett, Munster and allpoints on the line that runs tortuously back into aboyhood, with the burden of a day dropping like ripefruit at every revolution of the driving wheel, with ayear lost between each of the rickety stations: BeulahRoad, Ebensburg, Nant-y-glo; gather your luggage andmove it towards the door. BIG BEND. VII 0 voyagers, with you1 have moved like a firefly over the waters;with you I was spitlike a cherry seed from the puckered lips of the tunnel.Come: let us join our hands,dancering around the rosy, farmer in the dellaround this clucking locomotive. Come!And out of the red cabooses huddled in the yards,out of the engine cabs and roundhouseswill stream out silently to meet usthese others.Come! VIII Out of the group at the station, no form detached itselfto meet him; the circle of their backswas a wall against him. He waiteduntil the checkerboard lights of the train had shownphantasmally along the shale of the cut and vanished.He buttoned his coat and stumbled into the darkness,the darkness proceeded along with him untilhe picked it up and wrapped it about his shoulders,bending his shoulders under the weight of the darkness,he stumbled away with his burden of bushes and hills. BOTTLE FOUND AT SEA LOUIS ARAGON Lost as I am by the edge of this profound lake inwhich is mirrored an unknown sky, shall I ever attainthe linking of my existence with the human centurieswhose faint trail seems scarcely to penetrate theseregions? Even the sense of time is forgotten: whetherI go toward yesterday or tomorrow, there is no wayof knowing. And these words suggest nothing more,since it is impossible to tell whether the ages havebeen arrested forever or whether their flight has beenhastened with the uniformly accelerated rapidity of abody approaching the sun. If only I had a watch withme to end this uncertainty. A diffuse light reignseternally over this world and the sun that is of spaceas well as of time has deserted this immutable firmament.The lovely liquid expanse which composes my horizonrounds out toward the west and receives at the north- west a stream that flows from the north. As far as Ican ascertain with the aid of my compass, its directionseems to be north-northeast by south-southwest. Buthow to measure its extent? I have made the circum- ference of the lake several times without arriving ateven the haziest idea as to the year or minute of thelength of the voyage. At first glance I had estimatedthe circumference to be a hundred miles. Later con- jectures brought this figure up from a hundred to ahundred and fifty or a hundred and sixty miles. Theactual span must be somewhere between these twonumbers. Nor can the time that I place at the disposalof this investigation serve as a yard-stick: it comprisesanything from a few sparse thoughts to a desert ofennui and vexation. The beatings of my pulse informme no better, their irregularities born no doubt ofthe helplessness in which 1 find myself to appraiseequivalents amid such astounding phenomena. Thevegetation in its development follows no habitual orlogical order of growth. There are trees here whichgrow downward, flowers that give forth leaves, budsthat the wind carries off to make a carpet for me.* Fragment from Telamaque, a novel to be published thisspring-. Translated from the French by Will Bray. Certain plants remain invariable; others seem as ephe- meral as my regard. Suddenly I feel myself ageing- asI lift my eyelids. I should certainly make a poorhour-glass.How I could have blundered about in time; I stillwonder at this. I had accepted with real pleasure aninvitation to go to Normandy and stay at the villa of afriend, Celeste P , . . married recently. Paris wasthinning out, and the thought of spending a few daysby the sea-shore where the air was so pure and re- freshing with the nip of salt, was by no meansunpleasant to me. It had been a superb day. The sunbrimmed over in the fields. The dust invaded therailroad coaches, but nearing the sea we scented itsdelicious tang and it went right to our hearts. Gettingoff the train, I looked about me and saw that the skywas sky-blue. Celeste advanced toward me with herhand outstretched. Suddenly a fit of abstraction seizedme, I thought of other things: once you have thoughtof other things, you are done for. Impossible to getback to the point of departure, and following thethread I reached some desert region at some indeter- mined epoch of the universe. At first I did not under- stand what was happening to me. I said to myself:„This cannot last". Now 1 do not even know whetherit does last.I have come to believe that in the temporal impasseinto which I have strayed there is no soul that lives.Only a companion in misfortune could help me toregain life. Together we could reconstitute time. Sim- ply a matter of comparison. Alone, I lose grip onmyself in wrestling with my identity: if I remained thesame from one minute to another how could I experiencethe transformation announced by this movement of theclock-hand? 1 end by losing all track of the continuityof my thought. For in the most general sense all islogical to me in solitude, and, writing as I am forchance salvagers, for blind savages, or for the deaftides that carry my bottle, I can scarcely trust that thelanguage I use will ever be understood by any manother than myself. Why, it is impossible for me toread it over: I am only intelligible to myself in flashes.My sheet of paper all at once becomes perfectly blank again, or covered with ideas I have never had. Thewords themselves come invested in strange masks, orbare and different from each other. Bursted balloons.Pastimes, pleasures, leisure, salt of life, all seem strangecustoms, rites devised to hasten death along. Fire iswhat I find most mysterious of all. The novel I keptin my pocket during the entire journey has remainedthere and I reassemble in it my only memories ofhuman life. Preposterous existence bounded only bythe most elementary of questions. I take, for instance,from my book, the character called George, hotelkeeper.How the emblems of all the trades balance themselvesunhappily in the blue city of the vision. This horriblelimitation, the branch of holly which the man fixedabove his door one morning condemned him to benothing but an innkeeper for all eternity. Is it not truethat in books sudden illuminations flash between theconventional characters one longs to resemble? Thechoice between two destinies is tragically lost in thedisordered movements of the heart. A very beautifulwoman, two or three singular exaltations, a moment ofperfect happiness, the entire life of a citizen .of theworld reduces itself to a few metaphors more wretchedand vulgar than a carpenter's shop: the split up woodhardly arouses any enthusiasm. Through staring intospace for a long time there grows in my breast theimage of the red and blue infinite in which life pulsesat a given speed. Adjust yourself any way you please:to regard the universe, or to interrogate your heart;it cannot be done without fatigue. All ends with a redlamp balanced against the wind, and later, the horseshaving delivered the parcel, trotting briskly along thepavement of the suburbs.Sun of cries without reason, mad plants, the earthflees we know not where and we press the tablets ofphysical law against our vest-pockets with littlecommendatory smiles. With what great ingenuity webind for ourselves with ribbon-formulae a bouquet ofmarguerites and of roses, the functions of space andtime yielding indulgently to our will! In the meantimeI am quite beautifully lost in duration, and my move- ments are restricted from just here to there. But I feelmore and more, I almost said with every day, the elements of my consciousness rotting- and melting.I have only to give utterance to a few more of suchnotions and it is all over with my chances of gettingback to the land of clocks. And yet, it is the gradualdisintegration of my personality that I have the strongestmisgivings about. Since I am alone I cannot go mad.The sponges of silence, the crystals of vacuum, wherewas I amongst them? I hurry on, bicyclist lost afterthe departure of the rear wheel, maintaining myselfmiraculously by one perpetual revolution. Equilibriumdenotes nothing but unstable position, or habitualdifficulty, if you will. Yes, crawling fear has its littleday of terror. I choke now and then through forgettingto breathe at regular intervals. Sensuousness in thisbrothel-world! Best not to think of it. The geometricalprogression of lust is not conceived as apart from allcontinuity. The four operations, very nice to talk about.Fly in sticky-paper, inkwell of clouds, who will giveme back the fancy-cake with an Eiffel Tower relief,the City of Light, as it is called. PERIPATETICS MATTHEW JOSEPHSON 1 Do not sway thus from side to side thin youngwoman with one breast the left, crushing a book againstthis. I, utterly curious shall walk behind thee monster.It will, doubtless, take many quibbling miles before Ihave gulped thee, whole, into my system. Let us walka little further and all will be very simple. 2 If I, you, the mussels, the oysters, the ham, thelobster, the artichoke, should all yawn and agree thatit were time to get up and march across the tablesform a procession and crawl thoughtfully into thestreet order sunlight a flourish an electric baton a zebrain advance an elephant supporting the rear — wouldthey then disagree with us? would they be willing toconsider another point of view and lay it before usreasonably ? 3 Returning at evening to my dear door in thecourtyard my knees trembling with exhaustion, herewhere no flowers have begun burgeoning, nothingcommenced clasping my senses (I am about yearningfor the brown old streets again with the high wallsI have just left: the Street of the Honest Burgher, theStreet of the Wooden Sword, the Street of the FourDaugthers as well as that of the Four Winds whereI promenaded modifying my conceptions to conformwith just and mild skepticisms), I am now burning totest my knowledge of the way in their evening aspect(could the method fail?) when the peaceful nunneriesof the grilled windows would pose new and arrestingriddles; thence to return to my door with my pausingand reflective key to consider it all again and turn orturn the key.J A &amp; 4 I shall not grow bald; whatsoever,I shall hang on to my hair by the hair. * Dedicated to G. B. M. APOLLINAIRE: OR LET US BETROUBADOURS WILL BRAY One of the first illusions to be rejected upon con- tact with European letters in the flesh is that thepresent generation consists of exthausted and disenchant- ed young- men. Nothing could have been moreunfounded. There is far more danger, I am told, ofthe present American generation exhausting itself inattempting to dent the stupidity of its art-patrons, itscensors, its inarticulate loosebrained prophets.They are not exhausted, these young men who havesurvived 1914—1918. Witness the excellent morale ofthe writers of the avant-garde in France who, in iso- lation from the rest of their countrymen, have com- pletely forgotten the war. Talented, extravagant,intolerant, fun-loving, these young writers whether ofDada affiliations or not have broken with the directline of French literature. The fifty or sixty crownedpoets of the pre-war era from Mallarme to Paul Fort,all of whom de Gourmont treats with such encyclo- paedic precision, and some of whom Amy Lowellintroduced belatedly and inaccurately to the Americanpublic, — these have all been immolated. There is abrisk inclination to forget the silver age of twentyyears or so preceding the war which was dominatedby such sterile traditions as those of de Regnier,Barres, Moreas, Anatole France, de Gourmont.In the main line from the tendencies of yesterdayfalls the group dominated by Andre Gide and associa- ted with the Nouvelle Revue Francaise. In its mostcharacteristic contributors, Andre Salmon, Jean Girau- doux, Paul Morand, there is a certain penchant formockery, a certain cleverness at the comedy of manners.But in none of these writers has there been a cleanbreak with the artistic conceptions of the foregoing era.Inasmuch as the majority of French writers are stillreiterating the a little frozen beauties of the Symbo- lists or the vers-libre universitaire of Laforgue thereis very little to hope for. One meets with a greatmany names in the throng of reviews and books pub- lished and commented upon every day. They are blurred with indistinctness in the recollection of them.They scarcely ruffle the surface. The similarity of onepersonality to another is significant, their divergencesunimportant.The age has been at the mercy of the small tal- ents and the war has scarcely sifted them into big orlittle ones. What is worse, it has even placed falsestress on the mysticism of Peguy and Claudel, orshifted attention to the raucous insincere „modernism"of Jean Cocteau. This last gentleman, a Maecenas ofthe arts, an idol of the boulevards, a rastoquere, whosepoetry has the taste of bran and leaves a perfect blankin the brain, — this person has been presented byindiscriminate American interpreters as the last word... ofParis.In the turbulent „advance guard" of letters thereis, however, something to be reckoned with. One meetsan unexpected sincerity, a desperate willingness to goto any lengths of violence in opposing the old regime.The young men who operated „Litterature" for twoyears, Louis Aragon, Philippe Soupault, Andre Bretonare certainly youthful as individuals and as a groupor „movement" (in this nation of groups) and whatthey have done has not altogether assumed permanentvalue. But one takes much hope from their quick in- telligence, their sensibility, their vigorous and fun-lovingdisposition. They are inventive to an extreme degreeand are utterly without blague or snobbery. They arebent frankly on unbounded adventures and experimentswith modern phenomena. They have been stimulatedby Rimbaud and Lautreamont, who demonstrated, forinstance, that although nature had always been paintedas a static landscape in literature it could be render- ed in subjective motion or in any of a thousand states.The Apollinaire strain is in these writers. One ofthe last things that Guillaume Apollinaire wrote con- cerned the field which was left to the poets of this age.Apollinaire, arch-intransigeant and forerunner of almosteverything of importance, I fear, that will take placein the literature of the next generation, urged the poetsof this time to be at least as daring as the mechanicalwizards who exploited the airplane, wireless telegraphy,chemistry, the submarine, the cinema, the phonograph, what-not. The innovations of the past generation, havebeen astounding-. The recent conquests of man overnature have in many cases realized the fables of an- cient times. It is for the modern poet to create themyths and fables which are to be realized in suc- ceeding ages.„Is there nothing new under the sun ?" asks Apolli- naire. „Nothing — for the sun, perhaps. But for man —everything!" The poet is to stop at nothing in hisquest for novelty of shape and material; he is to takeadvantage of the possibilities for infinite combinations,the new equipment afforded by the cinema, phonograph,dictaphone, airplane, wireless. What he creates outof these new conditions, these new instruments, or there-percussions which these things have had on our life,will be the material the folk-elements, if you will, ofthe myths and fables for the future.Touching definitely on the form or technique ofpoetry Apollinaire regards vers libre as only a fractionof the possible contributions to the media of poetry.There is an infinite amount of discovery to be made, hesuggests, with alliteration, with assonance, with typo- graphical arrangements such as give new visual andauditory sensations to the reader.Has anything more immediate been offered withreference to the ways and means of modern art thanthese enunciations of Apollinaire? He goes evenfarther than the suggestions I have quoted. There isthe forecast of possibly some poet or super-artist, wholike a modern orchestra conductor will have at hisbaton a hundred or a thousand different instruments,or sciences, or mechanisms. This enormous army ofsymphony (as I have always dreamed it, at least) wouldfill a prodigious amphitheatre, against which the GrossesSchauspielhaus of Berlin would shrink in the comparison.The audience of course would be one man, onthe stage . . .We shall not discuss these bewildering possibilitiesfor the moment. It suffices that proceeding with theconception of a modern folk-lore we are justified intraversing all the ramifications of modern man, all thefar flung discordant exigencies of the present spectacle,whether they be in an office building of New York, in the grand hall of the Aquitania on the Atlantic, orin an airplane volplaning felicitously down on Warsaw.The literature of Louis Aragon, Andre Breton, PaulEluard, Philippe Soupault, Tristan Tzar a is an exhilaratingrecord. Tzara's poems are as naturally expressive of thebeauty of this age as Herrick's are of the 17 th Century.With an utterly simple and unaffected touch they employall the instruments of the time, the streetcar, the bill- poster, the automobile, the incandescent light, etc. Thepoems are not modern because they indicate: „I wasriding in the tramway" (instead of a diligence), butbecause the tramway gets into the very rhythm, formand texture of the poems.In the prose of Louis Aragon there is the speed andvividness of the motion picture, a constant and uproariousdialectic, and a volume and richness that is quitedistinguished after so much thin and lucid French prose.The humor is not of human foibles so much as ofsmoothly functioning swiftly moving modern devices.The influences of the up-to-date detective and theAmerican cinema are strongly evident. There are marvel- ous American films whose characters, out of all thesincerity of the director's heart, make the most pre- posterous, imbecilic and imaginative gestures. There ismuch of this terrifying beauty in Aragon's stories.Les Champs Magnetiques, which Andre Breton andPhilippe Soupault wrote in collaboration is another com- manding book of prose. It rejects plot as completelyas Joyce's Ulysses does, but goes even farther indisavowing even such a precise and inchoate verisimilitudeas Joyce employs. The book achieves an upheaval ofmethods. Take a single sentence or a paragraph andit is, alone, rich-and-beautiful, but means nothing withoutits context. For the writers instead of attempting toexpress human drama by definite words or phrasesindicating so many incidents or details, work for aneffect of growth in their theme by a large continuedrhythm. The prose changes its blend and intensity oflight, spatters its broken tracts of conversation or cogita- tion, gathering a large momentum through the successionof chapters rather than sentences. This is simply anothercase of literature coming abreast of modern paintingor sculpture or music. The poems of Paul Eluard in Exemples, with theirbright hardness and their artfully chosen typographicalappearances suggest curious and tortured movementsa little beyond the reverberations of the words. Theyare dominated by a piercing humor which is howeverquite unlike Aragon's or Jarry's.The conviction strengthens here and there amongthe extreme young who are jealous of their liberty thatthe modern folk-lore of which Apollinaire spoke istaking shape. These young writers are of considerableingenuity and charm. Their work seems clean; they arenot tangled up in messy Parnassian paraphernalia; theydo not fumble with the old cliches. These observationsare the basis for my initial assertion that France is notexhausted. Nor is Europe, in that case. One feels curiouslyas if a great developing movement, a momentous front- drive were getting under way.On the other hand, the conviction comes that Ameri- cans need play no subservient part in this movement.It is no occasion for aping European or Parisian tenden- cies. Quite the reverse, Europe is being Americanized.American institutions, inventions, the very local conditionsof the United States are being duplicated, are being „putover" daily in Europe. One has only to visit Berlin, for in- stance, in 1922 to witness this phenomenon.The complexionof the life of the United States has been transformed sorapidly and so daringly that its writers and artists arerendered a strategic advantage. They need only reactfaithfully and imaginatively to the brilliant minutiae ofher daily existence in the big cities, in the greatindustrial regions, athwart her marvelous and youngmechanical forces. TRISTAN TZARA instant note brothernothing- rises nothing1 descendsno horizontal movementhe arisesnothing stirs neither being nor non —being nor the idea nor the prisonerchained nor the tramwayhe hears nothing other than himselfunderstands nothing other than thechairs the stone the cold the water . . .knows to pass through solidmatterhaving no more need of eyes hethrows them away in the streetlast burst of blood in thedusklast flourishhe tears out his tongue — flametransfixed by a starquietedautumn dead like a leafof red palmand reabsorbs that which he deniedand dissolves the project in the otherhemisphere second season ofexistenceas the nails and the hairscross and return A BOW TO THE ADVENTUROUS G. B. M. What is the attitude of the critic toward the rangeof subject matter suitable for literature? What is theattitude of other literary artists toward the same?Isidore Ducasse does not directly raise these ques- tions in the curious preface to his lost Poesies, butthey constitute the chief protuberances in my reflec- tions upon his emphatic assertions. Here was a youth,born in 1850 and dead in 1870, author of the Chantsde Maldoror, a legend about himself, and Poesies, whobased his violent reaction against the poetry of hiscentury purely upon its subject matter. „Je remplacela melancolie par le courage, le doute par la certitude,le desespoir par l'espoir, la mechanete par le bien, lesplaintes par le devoir, le scepticisme par la foi, lessophismes par la froideur du calme et l'orgueil par lamodestie." With a dauntless courage, he denouncesChateaubriand, Senancourt, Jean-Jaques Rousseau, AnneRadcliffe, Edgar Allan Poe, Mathurin, Gautier, Leconte,Goethe. Sainte-Beuve, Lamartine, Lermontoff, VictorHugo, Mickiewicz, de Musset, Byron, Baudelaire andFlaubert. „Grands-Tetes-Molles," he dubs them. „Sivous etes malheureux, il ne faut pas le dire au lecteur.Gardez cela pour vous." There is no discussion of themanner in which these writers employed their subjectmatter nor of the esthetic states they may produce.They chose subject matter the temperament of Ducassedetested. He erected his prejudices into general dog- matisms and declared that, therefore, their poetrywould not endure. Lately, the Dadaists, partly throughsome affinity with his views on subject matter, havehoisted Ducasse from his obscurity.The case of Ducasse gives, I think, a frequentanswer to our second question. A poet or a novelistof specialized gifts seeks for subject matter which willwork like an explosive in him. Much leaves him cold,but here and there he finds materials which heat himinto expression. Sorrow forces one poet to tearfulexpression, praise of a beneficent god another tojoyful affirmatives; that which a naturalistic novelistleaves out fires an idealistic narrator. Each, if he knows what he is about, cultivates jealously his ownpropensities: each narrows the field to his owntemperament and then digs as deeply as he can:each, unless he happens also to be a critic, is temptedto say that the subject matter which appeals to himis the best and even the only subject matter for theart he practices. We cannot quarrel with him.But the answer to the first question is the reverseof this. The critic works after the fact. The catholicspirit, which has surveyed the staggering diversity ofliterature vertically through the ages and horizontallyacross the nations, which has noted the quality ofsurprize which attaches to esthetic production, whichis in touch with the astonishing experiments of modernwriters, which has experienced good states of mindfrom absolutely contradictory subject matter, can makeonly one answer. The range of subject matter suitablefor literature is unlimited. In art as in love, so deGourmont said, everything is possible. To put restric- tions on the range of subject matter is to be guiltyof provincialism both of time and of place.Being human, the critic has his prejudices, of course.I, for example, am more interested by the psychologicalhesitations of the characters in a Henry James novelthan I am by the slow thinking of the hill-folk inKnut Hamsum's Growth of the Soil. But that does notprevent the perception that Hamsum has fitted hisdiction to his dynamic realities, set his effects intorelief and balance, and otherwise forced his rude ma- rerials into a significant esthetic organization. Fromthat I can extract enjoyment although in a moremoderate degree than if I had been of a temperamentmore responsive to his subject matter. The primarytask of a critic is to make allowances for his preju- dices, to examine the relation between a writer andhis dynamic reality (subject matter), and to ascertainthe quality of the state of mind induced by the pre- cipitate of this relationship. Catholicity may be a vicefor a poet or fiction writer: it is always a virtue forthe critic.One poem of this number, In A Cafe by the pre- cocious Will Bray, serves admirably to knot this dis- cussion into an example. Although the Bible refers to the bodily necessity he has so cleverly understatedand Rabelais, Cervantes, Mark Twain (in ~1601"),Huysmans and Apollinaire have made varying- use ofit, Bray invades subject matter that most people andmost poets would condemn as unsuitable for literature.Yet Bray saw a certain humorous significance in theoccasion which he conveys to us by rhythms, invent- iveness and adroit evasions. We can perceive his loyaltyto his stimulus, note the manner in which this loyaltyhas been made concrete, and experience an estheticsatisfaction from the solution of his problem.In sum, criticism says to the other arts: Use anysubject you wish. My concern is in the state of mindyou create with it.Another poem printed here, that by Tristan Tzara,will assist in developing this conclusion. (I do not, atpresent, vouch for the bulk of Tzara's activities buthe has written several indubitable poems.) In this poem,Tzara contrives an abstract* organization. He departsaltogether from conventional coherent intelligible sub- ject material and gives us instead a controlled seriesof physical sensations. The effect is as unalloyed withintellectual and extra-esthetic reactions as those ofmusic or cubist painting. Yet it cannot be defined interms of musical or painting criticism nor very wellby literary criticism since that is lamentably weak inits own esthetic vocabulary. Tzara s word arrangementapproaches mathematics. (There is some reason forbelieving that the ecstasy arising from the solving ofa complicated mathematical problem is very much akinto the esthetic emotion.) What he does here is, bymeans of words, to make a pattern of sharp arrest,dead calm, rising motion, developed calm, progress,spreading out, contraction and final collapse thatleaves us physically satisfied. And emotionally satisfied.His is an abstractness as devoid of idea-emotions asmusic or painting can be but still belonging verydefinitely to words.Satisfying as this is, it nevertheless causes speculationupon the depth, solidity and interior organization of* Abstract, like romantic and realistic, is an indicative fingerfor certain readily perceived phenomena, but not a precise de- fining term. writing. It brings us to a consideration of the estheticpower of a writer's material. The writer s material?Is it words filed as clean of all their connotations andideational meanings as a curve or a spread of color is?Or is it precisely those connotations and meanings,those idea-emotions, that are the writer's material?The sign or the things for which the sign stands?Tzara is headed towards a sign esthetic. His poetry isa challenge to further research in the esthetic nature ofwords. My tentative belief, however, is that there arevery restricted walls for an art based on signs and thatthe proper materials are those things which theysymbolize. Abstract painting does all the essential thingsthat representative painting, if it is of value, does. Bothare good for the same reason. But abstract literature,to date, falls short of representative literature becauseit has not yet conquered a literary third dimension,cannot expand very far into an interior organization.That is, I conceive the psychological, social, idea- emotional, interpretative, etc., values of an organizedpiece of writing to be the only means a novelist, letus say, has to give a feeling of documentary solidity.They can be detached from his design, but, if he usesthem as an artist, they serve to weight and energizehis scheme. Let us note, then, that there are certaingrandly serious elements of life and certain very trivialconstituents. This means that the power of subjectmatter varies and leads to another tentative conclusion.The more documentary solidity a writer can give hiswork provided he can control surfaces proportioned tothis interior development, the deeper and fuller responsehe can create.With more certainty it may be said that there is ashifting importance attached to the multitudinous subjectswhich writers use and that there come periods wheneven the grandly serious things are of less importancefor literary production than the minor facets of life.This is, in part, due to the operation of a law of fatigueupon esthetic emotion. Certain subject matter, let ussay doubt, melancholy, speculation upon insolubles,exploited again and again in an era, gradually loses itspotency and calls forth weaker and weaker replies.It is necessary to turn to other materials, courage and certitude, minor moods perhaps, to evoke fresh strongresponses. These assume for a time greater potencythan their mighty predecessors. The literary history ofFrance from 1830 to 1922 is replete with examples ofreactions of this sort, the last being the present brilliantactivities of Messieurs Aragon, Breton, Eluard, Soupault,et al. The exhaustion of certain literary forms, as, forinstance, the Flaubertian novel-form seems to be exhaustedtoday also shifts the importance of subject matter.Experiment and discovery of new methods canoften be conducted better if what the writer has tosay is not so overwhelmingly urgent that he must sayit at all cost. The presentation rather than the mattermust be his urgency and his attention is more efficientlyspent upon that if it is less distracted by the subjectmatter. This reduces to the simple statement: in someperiods what a writer says is of supreme importanceto the esthetic emotion, in others the evasion of thegrandly serious is the most provocative. Secession exists for those writers who are preoccupiedwith researches for new forms. It hopes that there isready for it an American public which has advancedbeyond the fiction and poetry of Sinclair Lewis andSherwood Anderson and the criticism of Paul Rosen- feld and Louis Untermeyer.Interested readers may look up an important originand a general program for Secession in an essay byMalcolm Cowley entitled „This Youngest GenerationN. Y. Evening Post Literary Review, oct. 18, 1921. UNPUBLISHED FRAGMENT FROM MR. AATHE ANTIPHILOSOPHER TRISTAN TZARA When the eyes transcend their orbit the cravat ofthe branches strangles the English foliage dressed inhigh silk hat white gloves and patent leather slippersof ardent chlorophyl. What said my friend you do notbelieve in the existence of parallels even though theyprolong and renew themselves. The finale of symphonyis hard the music cannot end without cutting up thefragments of beauty into yet smaller pieces and be- ginning over again. It is too bad said he again weshall never know whether it is the wind that bendsthe blade of grass or the blade of grass that bendsthe wind. Put the grass in some place where there isno wind — i believe in neither common sense norparadox. My plane has no wind no grass it has noplace it has no flies. Live without reaction withoutmoods without false tempests. My plane loves ennui andthe uncertain colors and the bisexual paths my planeresembles all other planes and its men all other mengood God there is no happiness anywhere life passesas it passes the only happiness is to know ennui thepoet-insects shut themselves up in their towers of choco- late on the mountain of Zarathustra they are the gen- iuses who with their secretaries go into town twice aday to telephone to the printer and measure by thescale of animal pride the results of their compromises.My dear Tzara let us have done with the purity andthe impurity of the mind and the Parisian temperamentthe Academy and Spain as well as all the Spanishdead living anarchists or Indians indeed all such flip- pancies cold and cynical as exist or do not exist incoarse brains functioning like stomachs. The amassingbrain — bah 'tis nothing but a crab that stayed behindin the chowder and made believe he was an emperor.It was a brave chowder with brass music and travel- pictures.How do you do what already very well rescussitatein the wind no matter where how are you says myfriend iam very well thank you do you wanta light he says the ruffled bird might pass as an eyebrow for the dusk expiring of so much beautifulmusic said he how are you what already iamvery well thank you rescussitate in the wind any- where how are you says my friend iam verywell do you want a light says he. IN A CAFÉ WILL BRAY He — You are a sweet girland I shall throw you into the riveryou are a sweet girland I shall buy you narcissiyou are a sweet girland I shall give you wormwoodyou are a sweet girland I shall chew your earyou are a sweet girland I shall leave you for a momentShe — I am going to leave you for a momentHe 1 am sroiner to leave You for a momentleave YOUleave YOUa moment#a momentoh welloh! EXPOSÉ No. 1 G. B. M. The Dial is, I suppose, generally considered to beAmerica's leading magazine of literary expression. Onecritic has even called it the recognized organ of theyoung generation! True, there is not much competitionfor these honors, and the career of the Little Reviewhas been sufficiently obscure for the reclame broughtby size, money, circulation and famous names to over- shadow it in public esteem. What, then, is our „leader"like?It boasts: „We have freed ourselves from commer- cialism and manifestos, from schoolmen and littleschools, from a little nationalism and a snobbish cos- mopolitanism". That is, it has freed itself from a fixedpoint for judging, the absence of which for moralityPascal found so lamentable, but which happily existsfor art. It has liberated itself from a definite direction.It feels no obligation to homogeneity. Naturally, itschief effect is one of diffuseness. It is late Victorian,Yellow Book, philosophic, naturalistic, professorial,dadaistic, traditional, experimental, wise, silly, inter- national and nationalistically concerned in a developingliterature. It prints Anatole France, Thomas Hardy,Santayana, Yeats, Beerbohm, Sherwood Anderson,Pierre Loving (!), professorial articles on Germanliterature and Thomas Moore, Kenneth Burke, E. E.Cummings, James Oppenheim, Mina Loy, Ezra Pound,Jean Cocteau, D. H. Lawrence and an article onHigher Education in China! A stringent catholicity isadmirable, but where is the reconciliation here? Withthis array of irreconcilables, it is no wonder a copyof the Dial gives the impression of splitting apart inone's hand.As an intellectual cable across the Atlantic, theDial has informed America that Remy de Gourmonthas lived and died. The news of Guillaume Apollinaireis still * untransmitted.It features a wallowing ox of a stylist who retailseach month acres of vague impressionistic excrementon music, painting, and books. Still, his uncouth attempts* February, 1922. at new sentence rhythms, word coinage, and tellinginversions give more hilarity than pain. But this softplace next to Marianne Moore!The final seal has been stamped by the announcementthat the 1921 Dial Award has been bestowed upon Sher- wood Anderson. It was stated that „the award will go to ayoung American writer, one of our contributors, inrecognition of his service to American letters ... tobe given annually to one who has already accomplisheda service, yet has not completed his work . . . intendedfor encouragement and opportunity" for leisure, 1 infer.It went to a man forty-five years old and by no meansin a seriously impecunious position. Inasmuch as theroyalties from six books and frequent payments fromseveral magazines eager for his work have, of lateyears, enabled him to support a family, devote all histime to writing, and take a summer's trip to Europe.An established writer, in short. The approach to arti- culateness of this author I have traced in detail in anessay now floating around somewhere in America. Letme extract a few points without supporting them again.1. The impulse which produced Windy Mac Pherson'sSon and Marching Men was thin. Anderson, inßrentano'strade paper, spring of 1921, declares they were writtenfrom an emulative desire worked up by reading othernovels. 2. I agree with his preface statement to Miid-American Chants that he can do .nothing as yet „butmutter and feel our way toward the promise of song".3. The key-sentence to Winesburg, Ohio is „Oneshudders at the meaninglessness of life while at thesame instant and if the people of the town are hispeople, one loves life so intensely that tears come intothe eyes". This translates into „I have nothing tooppose to the meaninglessness of life but a sentimentalattachment for my fellow townsmen". 4. Anderson hasno control of diction, not even the elementary man- agement of sentence mechanics that syntax can give.There are many examples. Witness one from Poor White.„Standing on a high cliff and with a grove of treesat his back, the stars seemed to have all gathered inthe eastern sky". 5. Anderson's formula for writing isa psychological, not an esthetic one. Vide Brentano'strade paper, spring of 1921. 6. He correctly regrets in the Triumph of the Egg, „I have a wonderful storyto tell, but I know no way to tell it", since his diction,construction, characters, ideas, and emotions are in amost hopeless sprawl. He is, literally, a monotonouspilgrim on the road from nowhere into nothing. Ineverything in writing that the generation under twenty- five values, he is incomplete.„ . . . what makes us understand the rack and thewheel is the assurance from our friends that if wedropped everything modern we should have a greatmagazine. Possibly they are right. We will not saythat in that case we should have a great deadmagazine; but we are certain that we should be doinghalf our job and no more". — The Dial The Dialcondescends to include certain young writers, some ofwhom are both very promising and desperatelyimpecunious. Motives of safety, shall we say since itseditors have repudiated commercialism, lead it toinsulate them by the cooling remains of pre-warliterature and to assign its award to a man with aninfluential public.It would be less compromising to go one way orthe other. Stay on dry land like the Atlantic Monthlyor leap headfirst into the contemporary stream. If youwish a good swim, take off your life-belt!I should not like to see the Dial annihilated, butI should enjoy seeing its pretences abandoned. Vulga- rization is a legitimate business. Some large,Americanpublisher might well bring out the Dial as Emile PaulFreres publishes Les Ecrits Nouveaux. That would bea frank undertaking.The existence of this Yale - Review -in- a - Harvard -blazer is one of the bitter necessities calling for Secession. AN OLD SONG TO NEW MUSIC Isidore Ducasse(Comte De Lautrémont) The Director pledges his energies for at least twoyears to the continuance of Secession. Beyond a twoyear span, observation shows, the vitality of most re- views is lowered and their contribution, accomplished,becomes repetitious and unnecessary. Secession willtake care to avoid moribundity.Secession is taking advantage of low printing costsin the Central Powers. This means that, whereas mostmagazines of the arts in America must appeal for thou- sands of dollars in order to attain to any size ordistribution, Secession can equal them by the expen- diture of a few hundreds.This fact affords the sophisticated, regardless ofthe size of the bank accounts in their names, an unu- sual opportunity to resume the honored role of literarypatron — at present neglected by a leisure class with- out the knowledge of enjoying their leisure.By the gift of only five dollars (more, if you like)towards the expenses of each of six successive numbers,you may become a Patron of Secession. Patronagegifts are payable upon notice from the Treasurer ashort time in advance of the publication of each num- ber. Patrons receive two subscriptions, invitations toSecession soirees, and whatever other special privilegeswe can give them. A sufficient amount of patronagewill produce a larger, more handsome Secession, print- ed ten times a year. It will enable us to make moder- ate payment for manuscripts.Enthusiasts are invited to address Peter K. Hurwitz,Treasurer, 1361 — 46 Street, Brooklyn, New York. Je ne permets a personne, pas meme a Elohim dedouter de ma sincerite.