The Glebe 1 2 November 1913 naat_1913-11_01 The Glebe 1 2 Diary of a Suicide Wallace E. Baker cre 1 THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE is 2 Diary of a Suicide 3 Diary of a Suicide Wallace E. Baker cre 5 FOREWORD. A. K cre 7 Note: In cutting out his references to places and people, 8 THE DIARY OF A SUICIDE 9-85 The December issue of THE 87 SHBEbk (UK. iSßaB»i TSfcim ~j»§B_- msm MEI tbBB aSaB T^!®E£EgMk 'XKaMHC _ •Mteh,. BP| . --"^aagg^&amp;*£*; ,v ' ~\ ___ - • ~ «&amp;*? ;• \'* NUMBER 2 NOVEMBER's' - ■■-..'■'- .' ' - ...'!■' ■■' - - ■ ' ■T H T Qxy A o SUBSCRIPTIONThree Dollars YearlyTHIS ISSUE 50 CENTS Editor Associates Business ManagerAlfred Kreymborg Leonard D. Abbott Charles Boni, Jr.Albert BoniAlanson HartpenceAdolf Wolff Tfiixdgi NEW YORKALBERT AND CHARLES BONI96 Fifth Avenue1913 Copyright, 1913ByThe Glebe Subscription price per year, $3.00 Diary of a Suicide By Wallace E. Baker THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE isthat embodied in its declaration of absolutefreedom of expression, which makes for a rangebroad enough to include every temperament fromthe most radical to the most conservative, the onlyrequisite being that the work should have unmistakable merit. Each issue will be devoted exclusively to one individual, thereby giving him an op- portunity to present his work in sufficient bulk tomake it possible for the reader to obtain a muchmore comprehensive grasp of his personality than isafforded him in the restricted space allotted by theother magazines. Published monthly, or more frequently if possible, THE GLEBE will issue twelveto twenty books per year, chosen on their meritsalone, since the subscription list does away with theneed of catering to the popular demand that confronts every publisher. Thus, THE GLEBE canpromise the best work of American and foreignauthors, known and unknown.The price of each issue of THE GLEBE will varywith the cost of publication, but the yearly subscription, including special numbers, is three dollars. Diary of a Suicide Diary of a Suicide ByWallace E. Baker FOREWORD. A. K. On Sept. 28th, 1913, Mr. B. Russell Herts, of"The International," received the following letter:New York, Sept. 27, 1913.Mr. B. Russell Herts,c/o International Magazine,New York City.Dear Mr. Herts:—Under separate cover I am send- ing you a record of a young man who is about to com- mit suicide. My only object is that it may help, ifpublished in part or whole, to ease the way for somewho come after.If you will kindly read it through, especially thelatter part, you will be able to judge whether you careto make any use of it. If not, kindly mail same toMr. , Toronto, Ont.I have cut out references to places and people hereand there for their sake, because naturally I cannot beworried about myself after death.Thanking you for giving this matter your attention,I remain, I do not sign this, but you may verify my death bycommunicating with Mr. , whom I am writingto-day, so that he may look after my effects in NewYork.The body of a well-dressed young man wasfound off Manhattan Beach, Sept. 28th. In hispockets a torn photograph of Strindberg and receiptsfor three registered letters were found. These re- ceipts were traced to Mr. Herts and to friends inToronto, one of whom identified the body on Oct. 2das that of Wallace E. Baker. He was buried onOct. 3d in Evergreen Cemetery, Brooklyn. Note: In cutting out his references to places and people,Baker marred some of the text. These excisions are indicated by dots, dashes or stars.THE GLEBE is indebted to Mr. Herts and "The International" for the permission to publish the diary. THE DIARY OF A SUICIDE —, January 26, 1912. It is with mingled feel- ings of hope, discouragement, joy and pain that Ibegin the second book of my diary.My hope springs from the fact that my outlookseems to be clearer ahead, the old uncertainty ismore in the background, but there is another sideto it all. My discouragement comes from my con- stant feeling of tiredness, less evident in the even- ing and for awhile at night, but exceedingly strongduring every afternoon with few exceptions. Thishas resulted in my weak yielding to weakness atnight, and only last night after my confidence thatI had gained a certain mastery I was overcome.This was partly from the fact that I worked at theoffice until nearly ten o'clock, charging a supperwith wine to the firm. Although I drink very little,now and again I have gone out and taken a decentmeal with wine to get away from the monotonousboarding-house fare. A small bottle which I nearlyemptied (cheap wine) resulted in making me feelgood—l have never been under the influence ofliquor more than to feel good, never without fullpossession of my faculties, but on the rare occasionswhen I have taken a little I have sometimes noticeda weakening of the faculties, a sort of lack of moralrestraint. I had enough last night to weaken fora time my new found resolutions, but the succeed- ing absolute disgust and worry lead me to believe that I was not wrong in thinking that the struggleis now on a higher plane.My salary was increased at the first of the yearto $22.50 a week. Although glad of this, my old- time pleasure at the receipt of more money eachpay-day is lacking. Money I must have to live,further than that it seems a pitiful waste of timeto spend one's life in a mad endeavor to obtainwealth at the price of all that counts.Havana, Cuba, February 29, 1912. Leap-yearand a good opportunity to enter on a bigger fight.I must date my beginning this time as February 18,being the day after my last fall from grace. Theweek and a half since, however, makes me feel con- fident once more, despite that for three or fourdays I have been without a night's rest, owing tostomach trouble and the nervousness thereby en- gendered, but this is nothing unusual, that is, theloss of sleep, for it is long since I have had a realgood night's rest, and I know a crisis is approach- ing and I must get rested ere I collapse.I have read during this time "Ibsen, the Man,His Art and Flis Significance," by Haldane Macfall,and it has given me great encouragement andaroused intense enthusiasm. I feel that I am get- ting back my old enthusiasm, that I am recoveringmy ideals on a higher basis, although I am undoubt- edly weaker than ever physically. But with in- creased moral strength I hope soon to cut downthe buts, howevers, althoughs, and to stand forthwith more decision, more firmness, and knowingmyself, and with my ideas and ideals clarified. During the last two months the first step in thisattempted regeneration has been becoming moreand more a determination, emerging from a mereunsettled idea—must return home for variousreasons. First, I am played out physically andneed rest. More important should be the fact thatmy mother is getting old, has been constantly call- ing to me to return, worries about me, needs meto put my shoulder to the wheel more than I havedone. True, I have systematically put apart for mymother a certain amount every month for a long- time and have sent it without fail even when onlyearning $lO a week back in the early part of 1910.This at least has kept me in constant touch withmy dear old home, full of strife though it was.While I have at frequently recurring periodsthought of returning home during the past year anda half, my resolution did not crystallize until I be- gan to feel the compelling necessity of a rest, bodily,mentally, and, I might say, morally. Hot and coldby turns, lonely, sleepless, tired and generally rundown, I have not been able to look at things intheir true proportion, and I must get away forawhile from the daily struggle, keeping up themental and moral one, however. To this end Ihave practically cut out all amusement. Night afternight I come home tired out, read a little, generallytill lights are out at 10:30, and then to my dis- turbed sleep. Getting up early as to-day (7:00 to7:30 being early for me) I either read, study, writeas to-day, or work on my story which I started lastAugust and of which I will write more later. Thiselimination of outside distractions is helping to strengthen me, helping me to look forward to a lifeof service without the necessity of foolish excite- ment, and the money I am saving by this closenessin everything except necessities I hope to enableme to go home, rest, think, exercise, and studycalmly and sanely for a year, paying my mother aregular weekly amount; and I hope at the end ofthe year to have sufficiently found myself to goahead on my work with more collected ideas asto what I want and what I should want, and allto the better interests of my mother, myself andthe good of others with whom I may come in con- tact. By the middle of this year. I hope to takethe first step by returning home.Havana, Sunday, March 17, 1912. The 15thushered in a new start, and the 16th was a veryimportant day. On the 14th I had been thinkingvery intently about future plans and went verycarefully over the ground of a possible collegecourse. I picked up my Self Educators and lookedinto the various subjects for study, estimated thetime I would have to spend on a college course;the financial difficulties, my mother's need of myhelp, my temperament and pronounced predilectionfor certain things and as pronounced aversion forothers, my nervousness and constant mental strug- gle ; the result of all this was to confirm what Iwrote on January 8, that I had about given up theidea. The only hope, or rather possibility I havein view now, is that I may take a course in certainspecial subjects—literature, drama, philosophy,logic and sociology, but I hate mathematics. I pick up a book of algebra with extreme distaste and,although my enthusiasm in New York caused meto study this subject fairly assiduously, I see it wasa mistake.I have a distinct tendency and deep enthusiasmfor literature, gradually awakening from my firstboyish effusions at the age of 10, and it was awaste of time to neglect what I can excel in for thesake of a mistaken idea that a college educationmeans so much.The reason that the 15th of this month wasan important day is that, following my decision ofthe previous day re college and subsequent weak- ness, I made a big step towards finding myself onthe 15th. While I had known for some time thatI did not care for mathematics, Latin, Greek, andprobably several other subjects, I still cherishedthe idea that I wanted to go deep into philosophyand possibly biology, and, of course, study soci- ology, logic and perhaps economics seriously. Thiswas sufficient to cause me to put in considerablewasted time on the subjects I did not like, espec- ially algebra.On the day mentioned, but two days ago, Ilooked into this matter in the view of a specialcollege course, eliminating mathematics. Then Irealized that I liked the subjects as long as theydid not become too abstruse or mathematical. Isaw that biology as soon as one gets past the popu- lar books on the subject and the "Origin of Species"becomes a subject of much mathematics and dryscience, as evidenced by Huxley's Essays, which Iunsuccessfully endeavored to digest with enthusi- asm. Now I know that I merely want to studybiology in a general way for the sake of cultureand because of a thirst for knowledge, which, how- ever, is not sufficient to make me go into the drydetails. lam interested, however, very much in thequestion of heredity, but not to specialize in. Therealization of this in regard to biology, coming sud- denly and sharply, caused a sort of awakening. I be- gan to search my other tendencies and realized thatI did not like the dry, obstruse details of philoso- phy either, nor economics, but that byway of work- ing out a philosophy of life or conduct and hope forfuture, I was very greatly, more, vitally, interestedin the subject. I like to read and study philoso- phy as giving a basis for a plan of life, but whenyou get to the brain wearying works of Kant andthe like it is different. For instance, in reading ofIbsen and Tolstoy and their philosophy of anarch- ism, or their mystic-realism as it has been de- scribed, I am intensely interested. I imagineNietzsche would be of great interest to me, possiblySchopenhauer and others—I intend to look intoBergson's divine impulse, but to go deep into amass of details, no! I am looking for light, for aphilosophy of life, and I might mention James andhis Pragmatism as another one to look into.About the same applies to psychology. Sociol- ogy I am still doubtful of, but all social questionsand matters of world-wide importance interest me.But when I turn to literature and the drama, itis no longer a matter of doubt. On March 15, asI was in my room thinking over these questionsand had come to the conclusions above, I realized in a flash that my temperament was more artisticthan scientific, the latter coming from my Germanheredity, and undoubtedly being strong, however.The little details of literary work do not bore me.Of course, I like the dreams best and lately findit great pleasure to sit down and write, write. Ispend hours collecting scraps of books, authors,drama, and also philosophy and psychology, sociol- ogy, etc., but principally literature, drama and alliedbranches. Even the details of grammar do notseem tiresome any more, and, compared to myaversion for algebra, I can see that the worst inthe pursuit of literature is a pleasure compared tothe best in other things, especially business.Of course, I have much to find out yet, but itwas a great step to relieve myself of so many doubtsand make literature my pursuit through thick andthin, as I have determined to do, knowing it is myone line. I am not sure whether I can write bestshort stories, novels or dramas. Short stories onlyappeal to me as means of expressing myself whereI have not a big enough idea for something biggerand better, but I love to write them just the same.(I have only written one of 8,000 or more words,but I have taken numerous notes, written manyarticles of various kinds and recorded incidents andanecdotes, which I shall use fully later, and all thiswith an enthusiasm and pleasure not gauged bythought of profit or even publication in all cases.)On the other hand, novels are an unknownquantity. I do not know whether I am a good de- scriptive writer, whether character drawing is myforte, or narration is a strong point with me, al- though I find I can write along without hesitationin writing of occurrences, and I notice the peculiari- ties and little foibles of my fellow boarders and seewhat good material there is here for characterdrawing, but I do not find it so easy to put thisdown on paper with that human touch which makesone like to read some authors, notably Dickens.Again, the drama has always made a powerfulappeal to me. I always liked a strong drama,enjoyed Shakespeare both in reading and acting,eagerly devoured dramatic criticisms and I havethought lately very much about this, and I knowI should like to write strong dramas of our modernlife. However, I shall have to study Ibsen, Strind- berg, Brieux, Shaw, and others before I can cometo any conclusion as to this.However, a sea of doubts are now behind and\ *the vista before me is bright.Yesterday, however, while a day of great inter- est, was also one of misery, which perhaps accountsfor my optimism to-day,—action and reaction beingvery often equal and opposite with me.Havana, Sunday, March 24, 1912. Another be- ginning to-day and I hope a good one. The un- finished story of the 16th, Saturday, which I failedto relate last Sunday, was the burial of the Maine.Deciding at the last moment to witness this, Iboarded the Purisima Concepcion at about 1 o'clock.After a short time, while looking overboard at thestruggling crowds, a lot of rope and tackle camedown on me from overhead and took half of theday's pleasure away in the shape of my glasses. Thereafter I witnessed all the events with my oneremaining lense held over one eye and tied to ahandkerchief covering the other and tied behindmy ear. It was a miserable subterfuge, and to addto it all I had a beautiful headache; cold, and thefear of glass in my eye—for one lense was smashedright over my eye. However, a day's strain wasall that happened, and when it was all over I votedthat the day's pleasure was worth it.The sea was very rough and many people weresea-sick, but I enjoyed it very much. About 5o'clock we were all lined up, the United Statesnaval vessels, North Carolina and Birmingham, theMaine in between, and beyond on the side oppositeus the diminutive Cuban navy. The sea cocks wereopened and we all looked with intense interest, Istraining my one eye with everything forgotten.For twenty minutes the Maine did not seem to befilling very rapidly. At 5 :20, however, the sinkingwas noticeable; then as we stared she settled deeperand deeper, the stern, where the bulkhead was, sink- ing first; then suddenly she turned, the stern wentunder, the forward was up in the air at an angleof 45 degrees or more; it was a thrilling sight.Then with gathering momentum she went down.At 5:27 the waters of the gulf covered the lastvestiges of one of the great tragedies of history.It was a grand sight; Nature herself seemed inmourning; for the day, bright and clear in the fore- noon and early afternoon, had gradually becomedarker, and she disappeared with the sky overcastand a solemn hush over everything. I know thiswas the way it impressed me, and all my petty troubles were forgotten in the grand scene beforeme.In an endeavor to discover my feelings of aday, from the 10th to the 15th, I kept a short recordbyway of finding out how much I could count onmyself in my struggle, and the result showed methat I lack exercise, am too nervous and over- strung to put forth my best efforts, all of whichconfirms the wisdom of my decision to return hometo find myself after a rest.Sunday, March 10—Fair in morning; depressedlater.Monday, March 11—Fine until middle of after- noon, then tired and nervously depressed. Night,cheerful again; bedtime, terribly nervous, depressed,wakeful, worried and despairing.Tuesday, March 12—Tired from previous night'sdepths of gloom; calm later, fair night.Wednesday, March 13—Calm and enthusiastic;tired, but not depressed, later restless in bed.Thursday, March 14—Quiet and calm, exhaustedfrom previous flurries; later, storm again, very bad,and depths of morbid despair.Friday, March 15—Ambitious and determined—fine all day—restless night.The above pretty well represents my strugglefor a long time, but through it all I have had aconfidence in the final triumph and a constant re- turn to my ideals and ambition, and I am noticinga gradual elimination of some weaknesses. Theblue moods I am beginning to check before going too far, and the ecstasy I am also holding in an en- deavor to preserve a calm, ceaselessly persistentdemeanor, neither too hot nor too cold.To-day I hope to be a model one, one of steadywork, writing, studying, arranging papers; no timefor self-consciousness, worrying or anything else.So far, from 6:25 to 8:25, it has been ideal.—, March 24, 1912, 9:53 P. M. After anotherdespicable fall following on a good and bad day, Iam almost desperate and realize that the fight forlife must come to a head soon. I wrote the pre- ceding from 7:35 to 8:25 this morning. Followingthat I started in on my scraps and about 11 o'clockmy plan for a hard day's work came to naught,because of a disturbed mind due, as I know, to toomuch of one thing. I simply have not the capacityto stick to one thing very long, although thethings I like are always fresh after diversion. Go- ing out for a change, some of the boys asked meto cross the river for a good walk. I consented,and after dinner (almuerzo or breakfast here), wetook bum boat to landing near Morro, walked toCojimar, across country, along shore and on roads,and thence to Regla. The hot sun and dusty roadstired me, and to-night, tired and wearied, I fell.Too much is killing for me. I must hold off, andsimply cannot stand any day too much of anything.There simply has got to be a readjustment or Ishall go crazy or become desperate. Below all thisI feel the fight welling up in me, however, and to- morrow must hold forth better promise. Havana, Tuesday, April 9, 1912, 12:30 A. M.Somebody has. said, "War is hell." I say, "Life isHell," with a capital H. God! but I would nothave believed it possible a few years ago that aman could go through such prolonged mental agony.Am I a degenerate? Is there some insidious formof insanity slowly creeping over me? Gautier hassaid that nothing is beyond words. I deny this—I could be as eloquent as ever man was, have asfine a command of language, be as fluent, brilliantas the best of the masters; but I could not describethe agony of the past few weeks.It is not alone the nervousness, loneliness, andthe old tired feeling; the sudden bursts of enthusi- asm, followed by strange periods of peculiar calm- ness, now peaceful, now raging, now with an un- holy joy in I know not what; then black despairseemingly without cause, it is more than this. Self- consciousness to an extreme, fight it as I will, andyet a deep absorption in anything which really in- terests me so that I lose my identity in it. Thusmy deep love for the theatre, even moving picturedramas, for the strong stories of love, passion andmental states of the French writers, little as I haveread of them. If I could always find somethingto interest me the solution might be at hand, butwith the same dreary prospect of day after day ofhell, hell, hell (the other word for business to anartistic temperament), how can I get a night'srest? I lie awake and go through all the hot pas- sions, wild enthusiasms, ecstatic feelings, morbidthoughts, wrath at the existing order of things. I damn everything, and yet I realize how futile myscheme of life would be for others.Since I last wrote I had started afresh. I havethree times lost control over myself, and but anhour ago, the last time. It is terrible. With suchnoble thoughts that come upon me sometimes, suchbeautiful ideas when I feel in tune with everythingin the world, and then always the hellish reaction.Oh, God! what a sorry mess you have made ofthings. How could you do it? You have made aterrible mistake—to make me such a shatteredwreck before I was out of my youth; to take fromme everything, strip me naked so that I can saynow that I am absolutely indifferent to everythingexcept to express myself before I die. That ideahas taken possession of me. If only I can writesuch a book as will express all these mad imagin- ings, hopeless longings, the void in my life, com- plete absence of feminine companionship, doublytrying to one of my hot passionate moods. Harlotsdisgust me increasingly. It is not morality, for Ihave come to the state where things are not moraland immoral—they are just so. I would not con- sider it immoral to-night, for instance, to have in- tercourse with a girl who pleased me, but I cannotsacrifice what I have in me on the couch of onewho sells her passion. I want love, if I under- stand it aright. And yet this is not an ever-con- suming passion. I had just as much, or nearly somuch, longing for education up till lately, and haveonly dropped the idea of going to college because Ifeel the approach of dissolution unless I can get upnorth, rouse my physical self and mayhap feel for once physically fit. Lately I have realized thatthere is something deeper than I before realized inall these things. My brain is over-tired, faggedout, wearied with too much thought, worry, read- ing, hate, fear—I know not what—but a changemust come soon. It cannot go on. Perhaps thereis something organically wrong with me—God, ifyou exist, you should have given me some manlyvigor commensurate with the mental strength Iimagine I have, and after all, is my mind weak orhas my poor, weak body and abuse merely draggedit down, and is it capable of resurrection? Itseems impossible that I should be born to get sonear to some things which touch the deepest stringsof human conduct, the deepest emotions of heartand brain, to have such a keen sense of humor, tosee the tragedy underlying it all, to feel a sympa- thetic note with the foibles and weaknesses ofothers, even as I laugh at them or become cynicalabout them, to walk by the sea and drink in hervarying moods, the misty ethereal early mornings,the calmness of gradually settling twilight on aday when the waves scarcely ripple, the blood-redsunsets with ever-changing cloud effects; the deep,mysterious shadows on a dark night, with the moonreflected from behind the clouds; the night whenthe moon is in her glory; the day when an over- cast sky symbolizes my overcast soul. These andmore have I thrilled with, and all for naught. Giveme but strength for a few more years and I willvindicate myself; but I must break away from thisagony soon, overpowering, overwhelming—Why, OGod? —, April 19, 1912, 9:10 P. M. It is just tendays since my terrible night of agony, and I nowhope again. Following that night I had almost aweek of peace, a nervous sort of calm which, how- ever, was better than the other. Then another fall,and the last one to-night, I really hope the last.It certainly has been my salvation that I alwayscome back strong in the fight again after a blow,but there are several things which have weakenedme, and it is in spirit only that I recover; thephysical weakness remains and increases. Nerves,as a strong man mentally I should hesitate to con- fess it, but I am worse than the average womanin my hysterical nervous state lately, and, more- over, I feel very often that there is somethingvitally wrong deeper, either that, or I am consider- ably run down, so much so, in fact, that a goodnight's sleep is a Godsend; a calm, quiet day—joy;and yet I would not want too many of the latter,for my adventurous spirit defies my body and says,"Be up and doing." Now, to-night I am feelingcalm and hopeful and I must win out on one thingat least. This will help me with others.True, I have by no means found myself yet. Istill am pulled in many directions, but a hopefulsign is the abhorrence nearly always with me nowof the low, common and vulgar. I could overlookin myself a little laxness in many things, but Inever forgive myself the vulgar act and speech, de- spite my lack of moral code at present and myartistic indifference, to which is added lately, butonly temporarily, I hope, a lethargic indifference,born of that ever-recurring tired feeling. An idea which has gradually been forming inmy mind I hope to begin to put into definite formjust four weeks from to-night, and I then hope tohave four clean weeks behind me as a start for myyear's abstention from passion. During this time,while endeavoring to obtain a foothold in the maga- zine field with short stories, my big idea is to writea novel of the various struggles and emotions ofan ambitious, erratic youth, with a prematureweariness, and unless pre-empted by another, I shallvery probably call this "A Youth Who WasPrematurely Tired," suggested by a criticism ofMademoiselle de Maupin, but this is to be alto- gether dififerent, and is to touch the depths ofagony and despair contrasted with the heights ofecstasy and the fierce, hungry longings, terrible dis- appointments, unrelieved passion, loneliness, am- bition, morbidity, deep poetic feeling, and the otheremotions of a sensitive, over-nervous youth ofartistic temperament and large insight tempered bymany paradoxes in character.I have found myself enough to see the necessityof one course at least, that is, to preserve a dignifiedsilence. The coarse, vulgar familiarity of the fel- lows I have met has jarred on me more and more,and I see that my only escape in the future is tomaintain a reserve and a dignity beyond which noman may penetrate. Anything I reveal will beby writing, not by speech. I have made consider- able progress, but still have to fight a foolish talka- tiveness on occasions.Another policy I expect I will follow later, atleast, will be the cultivation of courtesy and a more gentlemanly treatment of others, friends and other- wise.I only have to overcome one or two little weak- nesses, and to recover what I have lost physicallyto be able to win out—and I will.—, Sunday, April 21, 1912. After another re- lapse last night, I am beginning to think that muchof my so-called idealism is merely a pitiable, boy- ish, conceited foolishness. This has often come tomy mind, but I hesitated to express it; but if I amsincere I must record the other side of the question.To-day may or may not be the beginning of amore sensible outlook as far as my erratic, artistictemperament will permit. In any case this strain,self-imposed for the most part, must stop even ifI have to throw over a few pet theories. I mustbe human even at the expense of virtue. I almostcongratulate myself that I can at least laugh at myown foibles and enjoy the joke, just as I cannothelp, cynically to a certain extent, pointing outothers' foolish earnestness over nothing. My senseof humor is indeed my saving grace. Havana, Friday, April 26, 1912. Hope dis- pelled, but I am making progress. Since myawakening the last few months of last year andthe first of this year, the reactions have been shortand sharp for the most part. Probably the worstone began a little over a week ago and culminatedyesterday. During this week, while I have not had more than one very bad night, there was aperceptible diminution of my spirit of fight and Itemporarily slipped back into the old mood of in- difference. However, I have recovered, stronger Ihope, from the temporary weakness. Havana, Wednesday, May 1, 1912, 4:20 A. M.Slowly but surely the net is tightening. The pastfew months have been such a hell as I hope fewyoung men in their bare majority have passedthrough. Day by day the work at the office be- comes more of a burden, a yoke. Come 11:15 ortime for lunch (almuerzo or breakfast here), andI feel as if I were leaving prison. Strive as I mayto concentrate my mind on routine work I look for- ward to getting away soon after arrival. Break- fast and an hour's (more or less) reading revive metemporarily, and I generally manage to get in anhour or two hours in the afternoon before the utterweariness, brain fag and nervous fatigue, takespossession of me, and the previous day's ordeal isrepeated. The strain of this and the necessity ofshowing a semblance of interest in the work (which,lately, however, I have not done to any great ex- tent), repeated day after day in monotonous regu- larity is only part of the hell, but a part of such/deadliness that I doubt if I am able to completemy allotted time of contract, which I had made upmy mind to force myself to do for the sake of themoney.This has been another potent cause of general decline. Having made up my mind to return hometo work out my future, I began to retrench moreand more, eliminating amusement for the mostpart—almost the sole one now is moving pictures,which takes my mind away from myself for twoor three nights a week. I enjoy them here for onereason, i. e., they present long pictures in a numberof parts which present good dramas of life. Thesepictures are French for the most part, and now Ihardly understand how I ever took any interest orreceived pleasure from the prevailing Americanpictures, as I always loved drama and continuedstory, vaudeville never appealing to me. But forthis one little thing, present conditions would beunbearable, which is why I touch upon it at greaterlength than the story of these days would seem towarrant. One of the principal pleasures of my lifehas been the theatre. I always had an abiding andever-present liking for dramatic action and situa- tion, as well as good comedy—burlesque, vaude- ville, moving pictures, farce, and the like, only hada limited appeal, although I must say that "SevenDays" was a farce which I greatly enjoyed. Com- ing to Havana I had to drop the theatre entirely,—not that I was such an inveterate theatre-goer be- fore (owing to financial circumstances)—because oflack of understanding and lately lack of energy toexert myself to attempt to understand, my hearingnot being any too good at best; a greater reasonwas the absence of good plays and the outrageousprices. I ignore entirely the numerous small the- atres devoted to pandering to the lowest instinctsof the ignorant black, mulatto and even white. Under these circumstances I turned to the movingpicture theatre, and by only attending when thereis at least one longer picture which promisesdramatic action, I managed to derive considerablepleasure from this class of entertainment, no doubtto a great extent due to the fact that that was theonly thing which took me out of myself, so thatI lived in the play—except my reading. These twohave kept me going during these months—when Itire of reading or by reason of a peculiar nervous- ness do not feel like reading, if there is a goodpicture I go, otherwise I make myself read andam soon reconciled for the evening. Sometimes awalk by the sea during the evening helps me much.Even with this, however, through it all lingersthat sense of utter weariness, almost to the point ofexhaustion. During the day I manage to escapethe worst consequences by keeping my mind busywhen absent from the office, and the early eveningor night generally also is passed without too muchworry. This leaves the periods of dull care at theoffice, hoping and waiting for the hour of gettingaway and bedtime and later night. A proof of howmuch I have retrogressed physically is, that fromOctober to December, 1908, during my first fewmonths in New York, I was able to work fromeight in the morning until six at night, and threeor four nights a week, with only an hour's breakfor lunch and . . . Now, working less than sevenhours a day, the day every week is longer, moretiresome. The weakening of my powers has beengradual and to a certain extent unnoticeable, butit has been steady, inexorable, and now I am face to face with a condition which means the end ofeverything if continued for too long. During theseyears in my heart I have protested against it all.Taken away from school when I was leading theclass, without any great effort either, by circum- stances, I began a business career of hope and withboundless ambition and half-formed boyish ideals.The fact that I left school of my own accord out- wardly does not detract from the fact that circum- stances were gradually making it more imperativeand I only took the bull by the horns, as I havedone many times since. I remember with greatvividness an incident of my early business career,when with .. . store. I used to keep a creditbook of returned goods, and had considerabledealings in this way with the girls of the vari- ous departments. I was then rather indifferentto feminine charms, although awakening sexualpassion was entering into my emotional and mentalstates, and had been for a year or so. I was thenfifteen or sixteen (I do not know whether this hap- pened before or after my birthday). One of thegirls, a rather flippant, but as I look back, ashrewd observer, came to my window in the office(which was on a similar plan to a bank, I havingone window and the cashier another) with some- thing or about something returned. I scowled forsome reason or other, probably because I had apressure of work. She then made an observation,the prophecy of which has been amply demon- strated—"you are a boy now, but you will neverbe a youth," and something about my jumping intomanhood. She was only a department store girl, but she hit the nail on the head exactly that time,as subsequent events have proven. In those days,after my little stories for ... I liked reading andprobably looked forward to college at some time inthe future in an indefinite way. I was very earnestand ambitious about my work, which continuedmore or less until some time last year, when theincreasing tired feeling, nervousness, changingideas, ideals and different outlook combined to bringon rapidly my present state, when I positivelyloathe my daily work. The principal reason forthis, no doubt, is that I have neglected exercisealmost entirely and now have reached the statewhere exhausted nature will not be denied.I have already at frequent intervals commentedon the disturbances which haunted my bedside, andto-night, or rather to-day and last night (for it isnow a quarter of six and the candle before me israpidly losing its efficacy) is only an example ofthe recurring frequency of my nervousness at bed- time . . . off all temptation to indulge in sexualpleasures from the first of this year, and, althoughI have not succeeded entirely up to the present,having only five days of absolute abstention fromexcitement of any kind sexually and possibly sev- eral months from direct intercourse, behind me,—still I have radically changed from my excesses ofthe first few months in Havana, although even thesewere not excesses compared to the average of avast number here and elsewhere.This holding off naturally leaves out a vitalsource of relief for the all-compelling necessity ofgetting away from. myself. Sometimes, from my twentieth year on, when the prospect of a nervous,sleepless night presented itself, sexual intercoursebrought the much-needed relief, and sleep followedAnd yet, such was the strength of the conventionalatmosphere that I had been reared in and lived in,despite my radical views and supposed freedom ofmind, I thought it was somehow or other wrongand underhand to seek relief in this way. I cussedmyself for a weakling, fought, staved it off forweeks, and then succumbed again. It is only latelythat I have seen a different light on the subject.My views now are that our present system ofsexual relations is absolutely false. This conclu- sion is more due to my own reasoning than to anyradical literature I have read. First, there shouldbe freedom. Any man should be allowed to haveintercourse with a woman who was willing, as longas they did it for love. There should be no suchthing as an illegitimate child. If a mother wasnot in a position to or willing to bring up herchild, the State should do it. Of course, when Isay there should be freedom, I do not say that, ifone man was living with a woman (legally, ofcourse, as all such relations would be legal with- out any question), I should be at perfect libertyto fool around, but if at any time their relationsbecame such that they could not harmoniously keepit up any longer, divorce should be automatic.Marriage might be for a minimum period, and asmuch longer as the parties concerned cared to keepit up. There should be no coercion on either side.The woman should have the care of her childrenif she so desired, but if unable to take care of them, the State should do so. Even without a socialiststate this could partly be put into effect.The White Slave Trade should be abolished asa trade. If a woman was herself willing to becomethe tool of every man who came along, she couldnot perhaps be restrained, but those who profitfrom it other than herself should be vigorouslyprosecuted. All diseased should be prohibited fromsexual intercourse.Even under the present state of society, thereis a solution to one problem. Many young men,like myself, have strong sexual passions, but wedo not like to consort with those who, startingout with a debased idea of sexual relations, havedebauched it. Now we meet girls who are alsopassionate and who, were it not for the knowledgethat their life would be ruined, would be only tooglad to have intercourse with us on the basis ofmutual sexual attraction and passion. This wouldbring relief to both of us from much of the deadlymonotony of sordid, every-day affairs, if the girlcould go on just the same as the man, she beingallowed to have a child legally, which she couldeither take care of herself or delegate to the State'scare. This would take care of that large body ofmen who are not in a position to marry for variousreasons, and that equally large body of women whoare unable to find suitable husbands, but who feelthe emptiness in their lives, and those women whowant children and consider, or would consider ifsociety would permit, that it is nobody's businesswho the father is. It should be a crime to haveintercourse when one is diseased, and the knowl- edge that one can with impunity have intercoursewith a woman for love would deter a large numberof men from having it with those who only givethemselves for money and are liable to transmitdisease. This would then leave those men who aremorbidly fond of the baser forms of sexual per- version to the professional prostitutes and women(few comparatively), who naturally are attractedby, or are willing to put up with, the drunkennessand attendant beastliness of a certain kind of man,who we may hope, will be a smaller and smallerfactor, as radicalism grows.Thus, now, with radical views, I am endeavor- ing to attain my old state as before my twentiethyear, for a year at least, so as to work this outwith other problems, because in my present stateof physical weakness I cannot afford to risk addedweakness, and so fight this off every night, andhope soon my nature will have become resignedto this until my twenty-third birthday, when I hopeto have a clearer plan of action.Starting this with a nervous sleeplessness, I endat 6:30 A. M., over two hours later with a clearhead, but, of course, the tired feeling lies theredormant.Havana, Friday, May 10, 1912. Another birth- day, my twenty-second, and I intend this year tobe the best yet. The past one has been the worstand the best; the worst because of my acute nerv- ousness and self-consciousness and my foolish ac- tions during the early months in Havana; best be- cause I woke up from a lethargy and blind groping in the dark to a conscious effort to find myself andbe myself; and to this end I have dedicated mytwenty-second year. I do not expect to work outthings to a fine point during this time, but hopeto decide on a broad, general scheme of life policyof procedure and philosophy; of necessity the majorpart of the details will take years to work out.Hope and ambition, tempered by my experience,are dominant, and my calm periods are becomingof longer duration and more frequent occurrence,in fact, predominate to a gratifying extent lately ascompared with what has gone before.I start afresh on a year's freedom from sexualexcitement, or such is my plan, for not the leastof the problems to work out is that of sex. It willbe hell to hold myself in check entirely in everyrespect, but I feel I must, in order to collect mythoughts and feelings which were becoming ratherconfused on this, as on other subjects, owing to mychangeable moods, passions and feelings.I have the advantage of starting out on thebroadest basis possible, the agnostic position as Iunderstand it. I have not studied Spencer norreduced my agnosticism to any dogmatic positionof knowable or unknowable, but always it has been:I neither believe nor deny; my mind is open; Iam willing to learn; to give all who have a seriousmessage a hearing. True, up to the present I havenot given much serious study to the problem, hav- ing read considerably more about philosophy thanof it, but I have had that tendency, and, beingyoung yet, it is perhaps best that I did not attempt to go too deeply into the problem ere this, andeven now I shall go slow.The question has unconsciously, however, nar- rowed itself down. I have given enough thoughtto the matter to reject the Christian theory ofChrist being the son of God, and, leaving out mostof the minor religions or philisophies which areobviously full of error (except as there may be agrain of truth here and there among the chaff),there is left such religions or philosophies as Theos- ophy, Monism, Spiritualism, and those which maybe classed under the general head of Materialism(Rationalism, Free Thought, Positivism, etc., etc.),but as I do not see that any have as their basisAbsolute Truth (that much abused word) I suspectI shall end where I began, as a Pragmatic Agnostic,denying that we have any Absolute Truth inour world, whatever may be beyond which we donot know. I have not read James; but will doso; and I think that I shall not give much atten- tion to spiritualism, as no satisfactory evidenceseems to support it, and there is too much char- latanism to offer a fair field for a truth-seeker. Havana, Wednesday, May 22, 1912, 12: 12 A. M.It is no use—I have to acknowledge defeat. Bornwith such a Jekyll-and-Hyde disposition that Iam never normal, either so filled with ideals thateverything good and noble seems possible, or soblack that I shrink from myself in horror—eventhough it has been in thought rather than deedthat I have transgressed or been an idealist. It isnot that I have contemplated deeds of violence, but one thing, sex, is the cause of the perfect hell mylife has been. During the past year I have fool- ishly thought I could make myself what I willed,could be consistent and normal; vain hope and itneeded to-night to show me this. After all mynoble aspirations, hopes, love of literature, and thebeautiful things in life, I could not keep my resolveof my birthday. Torture is the only word for it.My sexual passions, from their first awakening,have given me no rest and never will. I have nothad at any time a girl who loved me, have nevereven kissed. With almost uncontrollable passion,and yet the ability to be satisfied with embrace andtouch rather than final consummation, yet have Inot had that chance with any but the lowest whofill me with disgust, or else attract me in a madpassion which for the moment is insatiable. Muchof this is due to my wretched physical health,wrecked nervous force and absolute lack of anykind of love for so long that I am too selfish andself-centred ever to amount to anything. Who isto blame? My father dead, how can I blame himfor his share? My mother is the only hope left inthe world. Without her, suicide would seem tobe the only alternative, and I have . . . what isthis after all but the imagined courage of a weak- ling, my egoism the conceit of a degenerate? Amonth ago I would not have dared to write this,but unless this summer serves to recuperate me,I must go down rapidly. Having started sinkingall round, I dare not go in for anything without asleepless night.I only write this record now for what use it may be as a human document. It may serve asa warning to those who ignorantly bring childreninto the world to suffer. I shall be repaid. Incase I collapse suddenly it is my express wish thatsuch of my letters, papers, including this and myother diary, as may bear on my struggles againstan inevitable fate, may be sent to ... so that,without using my name in such away that thefamily may be involved, he may use such parts ofthis record and the papers as may help to show thelife-story of a youth who was prematurely tired, ifI do not succeed in writing this in fiction form orotherwise myself before the end. Slowly but surelyI am coming to the point where nothing matters.Something always pulls me back before I go toofar, but will it always? Once let me go beyond acertain point in my dark moods and shame will keepme from attempting to get up again. Deep downin my heart, however, I have had and still do havein my most despairing moment the conviction thatI have in me the ability to do great things, mylove of the finer things, keen appreciation of char- acter so that I see right through many people Imeet, wherefore much of my continued unpopularity,great care in small details, love of neatness, order,strong passions, enthusiasm, many other things inmy good moods which I cannot quite grasp, butmy physical weakness annuls everything and leavesme a hopeless weakling, vacillating and desperatelyunhappy.Havana, Wednesday, June 5, 1912. Feelingvery much chastened, following the deepest disgust with myself and everyone, and everything else forthat matter. I must state most emphatically thatfor the most part all that has gone before (duringthe past six months at least) is due to disease; notspecific, but generally run-down, nervous, over- tired condition of body and mind. Therefore, al- though to-day again I start with hope to fight on,I do so with less wild enthusiasm, less tenseness.After all, the world does not revolve around me. Ihave sometimes thought it did, or at least actedas if I thought so.Being calmer on my determination, the reactionsI trust will be less violent. I have the feeling thatI only have to get over this tired, nervous condi- tion to be once and for all on the road to victoryover myself.One thing I will do—throw overboard as it weremy preconceived half-formed ideas and start as achild. Too much have I stuck to convention andprejudice while congratulating myself on my radi- calism.Of course, everything is dependent on my re- covery of health. Without this, life will indeed benot worth living, because the very things my heartand mind are set on accomplishing will be impos- sible, and a conventional, plodding life devoted tothe accumulation of money is impossible for me.Death is much preferable. Art, philosophy, love oflife in its nakedness, without false convention, mustbe my keyword, not for happiness, for that wereimpossible, but for sufficient interest to carry methrough. Havana, Saturday, June 8, 1912. lam graduallybut inevitably coming to the conclusion that theonly way to get along is to throwr over all thatI do believe in and pay the price. If I had donethis before I might have been saved much of thispetty personal struggle and put my divine energyinto bigger things. I have let false conventionsbattle with the natural love of freedom and radical- ism of an artistic nature, frittered away life forcesin unholy passions where I might have put it intothe big struggle. Now I will conquer or die, vic- tory or death. Death even by my own hand ispreferable to frittering the tremendous passion andnervous and mental energy I have away in a lifeof conventional ease, despising myself and hatingothers, and being hated. Oh! if I had only con- served instead of wasted, but even now at theeleventh hour it is not too late. Now, to-day, I willgo forward to my fate. Havana, Wednesday, June 12, 1912. In furtherthought over my decision of last Saturday, or ratherthat which has been growing on me for a long time,I must add that, as I am not any too sure as towhat I don't believe in, time must be a large fac- tor in the matter.Then again, due to that tired feeling and nerv- ousness, I have during the past six months put toomuch emphasis on the dark side.I have never for more than the briefest spaceof time contemplated self-destruction as I havehinted at several times. The thought has crossedmy mind in my darkest moods, but I am not a coward and to-day must go a step further and saythat I'll fight to the finish against all outside diffi- culties, as well as ill health and natural defects oftemperament and heredity. From now on any de- partures from a certain standard until I havechanged that standard by thought and experience,I will consider in their proper light of weaknessesto be overcome.All of which may be what I have been reiterat- ing over and over again, but my awakening of to- day is a little broader. I leave the standard fairlyflexible, but strong enough to be a rock in a stormysea until the waters are calmer, and then my mindshould be clearer so that I can readjust the variousuncertainties to a certain point at least.Life and a full life rather than mere reason Ithink will be the outcome, but reason and philoso- phy presiding over all as a benignant judge I trust.Who knows?Havana, Saturday, June 15, 1912. My contractis up to-day, and for several days earlier in theweek I thought of leaving suddenly and gettingaway from it all for a rest despite any notice totake effect on the 29th. I thought it over, however,and from standpoint of unpreparedness, doubt andhonor perhaps—did not—or rather will not—as boatleaves to-morrow.In thinking over problem of society it has oc- curred to me, or the thought has come to my mindof what little use the benefactions of rich men areto really help anyone in need in a personal way. Iremember how I used to have such a passion for education—I did so want to know. I wrote Car- negie, Patten, Pearsons and E. H. R. Green, notbegging for money, but telling of my great desirefor an education and putting it in such away thatI asked the secretary to refer me to any boardwhich they might have had for helping those de- sirous of obtaining an education. My physicalweakness precluded the idea of working my wayand studying at the same time. Of course, I re- ceived no replies, and I then realized that the mostambitious or deserving might be on their last legsand all this charity would count for naught.The personal aspect of the question has longbeen forgotten; my ideas as to the value of a col- lege education in its relation to the larger educa- tion of life have changed; whatever rancor I mayhave had against these men has gone; my outlookon life is different; the things that count now arefew, are far between.If my health permits, the necessity of making aliving will cause me to write for money to a cer- tain extent, but with a bare living income I thinkI should write from my heart, because of the greatdesire, because I look on it as an art, not a busi- ness. However, if my health continues as it is orgets worse, I will not sacrifice what little life Ihave left on the altar of the modern god—money.I shall write in blood the agony that has been eat- ing into my heart and brain and give it to theworld if it will take it for what it is worth. Formyself I expect little, but it may help towards abetter understanding of natures like mine, and inthe future may help towards a little more forbear- ance, attempt to understand on the part of goodpeople. But whether or not I will write it.Before doing so, however, I intend to see thatI do not, out of self-pity, fall into the error out- lined in the December, 1911 issue of The Interna- tional "Upton Sinclair's Delusion."Havana, Tuesday, June 25, 1912, 7:10 P. M.It is getting tiresome, these moral reformationsand back-slidings. But even now I can lay downa preliminary philosophy which I must subscribe towhether I will or not .... gives a general lineof conduct which leads to progress in a wide senseand taking account of human nature, its strengthand weakness.Life, of course, comes first. Unless a man isgoing to deliberately plan suicide he must live. Allaccount of death from outside sources must be leftout of account because they are outside of hissphere to influence. By living I mean to touch thedepths and the heights, each one according to thestrength of his passions, his temperament. Heshould not be an ascetic except under certain con- ditions, and asceticism as a deliberate plan of lifeis absolutely wrong for a young man—whether forone who is older time will tell.For instance, if a man is of a strongly passionatesex nature he should gratify it sufficiently to savehim from tremendous nervous disturbances due toholding himself back. All conventional moralityor standards to the contrary, gratification is notonly justifiable, but not to gratify is a crimeagainst human nature. If a man be of a cool phleg- matic disposition, a limited asceticism in this as wellas other things may be good rather than otherwise.The above is limited by conditions and circum- stances. Disease, of course, should be rigidlyguarded against. This is a matter that calls foraction by the combined societies of the world.Assuming that the man of artistic temperamenttakes these precautions and gratifies his passions,he must restrain himself as soon as his gratificationbecomes a source of weakness rather than ofstrength.In other words, as long as gratification of thesenses does not weaken one appreciably that grati- fication is good and moral and conduces to life,but when it becomes a weakness and threatens thephysical and mental strength of a man he mustrestrain himself. Life comes first, but by life Imean life with Power. Thus anything that makesfor power and for a full life and healthy gratifica- tion of the senses is good.This is my first definite outlining of the philoso- phy I have been endeavoring to attain. I havecome thus far without reading any philosophy ex- cept bare outlines and reviews. Now I shall readand study life and build from these grounds. Myphilosophy is rather more individualistic than so- cialistic, but, of course, it is open to a reconcilia- tion between Socialism and Anarchism. Conven- tional views are left entirely out of consideration.It rests with the individual how far he will beguided by precedent and prevailing opinion in agiven situation.As far as I am personally concerned, I have reached a state where any sexual gratification is aweakness and a strict asceticism for a time is amatter of self-preservation. Anything else is a de- liberate throwing down of my philosophy and is aweakness of the worst type, and I write this afterhaving constantly violated my decision to hold off,made on my birthday and even before then, andwhich has just culminated in this outlining of ageneral course to follow, holding in view the two#objects, a full life and a healthy one, power andlife. Without power life is death. With means ofgratification lacking, one must hold off from baserforms at least until absolutely necessary, and thenonly on the most infrequent occasions.Keeping these in view, life and power, I havesomething to anchor to while I am struggling to- wards the light, and I submit this in all seriousnessas a good workable philosophy for a man who hasnot found himself and has hitherto been gropingaround blindly in the dark with very little prospectof light. Starting with this the years must bringmore light, and the conservation of a love of lifeand at the same time of power will keep one in astate to take advantage of any new light on thisterrible problem of existence, of how to getthrough life in the best way, for in the final analy- sis that is what all philosophy teaches.Thus, in the future, gratification may be quiteconsistent with my philosophy; in my present weak- ened state I must hold off if lam to survive. Other- wise it is a case of deliberate suicide, and the onlything to do would be to go ahead and gratify until disease and weakness made it evident that deathwould be the only relief. Thus I go ahead for thepresent. my manifest destiny, that of doing something worthwhile in the world, so that the world will be betterfor my having lived in it.Since May 10th, my own birthday, although onseveral occasions down to the depths, I havestrengthened my purpose and the lapses are becom- ing less and less, and the increasing disgust aftereach is cementing my determination. One onlyhas occurred since Tuesday last, when I outlinedmy philosophy, and I . . . . Thus, the fight has resolved itself into this,—if I can control myself when tired, nervous and de- pressed, the victory is won. On all other occasionsI have myself pretty well in hand, and in normalmoods, with good health, the outcome seldom seemsdoubtful, but I must watch the abnormal moods. Havana, Tuesday, July 2, 1912, 12:45 A. M.I don't know whether it was a premonition whichcaused me to put morning at the head of my pre- vious entry, because now, the same night, or thenext morning very early I am obliged to repudiateit all. It is no use—my philosophy as outlined last week would be all right, but for two things, i. e.,my absolute lack of opportunity of touching life,and my absolute lack of strength, physical, mental,or moral to cultivate power. Determinism is forcedon me against my will. As far as possible in mygood moods I suppose I shall follow my first phil- osophy of Tuesday, June 25, but, nevertheless, Iam fast being forced to a thorough determinismbecause I simply cannot control myself. What Imight have done had I not been forced to becomea victim of our commercial system (so that attwenty-two I am exhausted, my enthusiasm andhope almost killed by deadly routine and no pros- pect of relief), I do not know, but I think I wouldhave accomplished much under careful training oreven a fair opportunity to express my individuality.To-night everything seems hopeless—whether in- sanity is creeping on me Ido not know. I simplymust have sexual intercourse to relieve the strain,and it is the lack of it which brings on these moods..If for nothing else woman is a necessity for me torelieve the great strain when routine becomes sodeadly as to tempt me to throw everything to thewinds. If I could come home and have a woman,I am sure that I could be saved much if not all this—the worst of it at least, but our damnable con- ventions keep me from them and keep them fromme even though many women are enduring torturesof unrelieved emotion for lack of what I could givethem. Oh! life is indeed hell—why, or wherefore,I don't know, and I am fast reaching the pointwhere I care less. In an evil moment I consentedto stay on here for a few weeks longer for a con- sideration of my return fare to New York. Thismeans three more weeks before I can get away fromthis damnable place which has been getting on mynerves more and more so that I never hated any- thing as I hate this island and everything and every- one on it.Havana, July 3, 1912. Well, despite my littleoutburst of early yesterday morning, I am still inthe fight. After every defeat I arise, chastened, per- haps, but with a growing feeling that I will win.I must confirm and add to my philosophy asoutlined on June 25th. As I wrote yesterday, De- terminism seems to be true as things are at present,but even accepting this does not make me any theless a fighter, for it is quite consistent with thatphilosophy that my determinism is to be something,and the weak periods are only to strengthen me.As to the Life part of it, that is still a littledoubtful. I have not touched it enough, my experi- ences have not been broad enough with the othersex for me to throw over all conventions, for I knowfrom experience and the experiences of others, thatwhen a woman plays fast and loose she loses somuch that even conventionalism sometimes seemspreferable to a loosening of the bonds. My ideawas to idealize the relations, have all children legiti- mate. While I think my part would be done allright, I doubt other men and women. Besides, Ihave always had an unconscious and sometimes con- scious feeling of superiority to women—this hasbeen so indefinite, however, that I do not lay toomuch stress on it at present. I must reiterate Power as the keynote. Everyweak yielding .... impossibility to me at least ofwhat I will call "The Impulsive Philosophy," i.philosophy of being guided by emotion and senti- ment, to the exclusion of reason. Reason must co- ordinate, if not dominate, and at least impulse mustnot dominate. This is my second outline, but lamgoing to disregard the foolish system of dates,—time is to attain anything. I realize the folly ofsaying at a certain date I will stop this or that Iwill reform in this or that. All I can do is to at- tempt to live up to a certain standard as fast asI have decided it to be best and to endeavor todrop off everything that pulls me down as soon aspossible. Havana, July 20, 1912. Last day in Havana.At last my counting of each day as bringing nearerto my goal is about to end. Whether my return. ... is productive of results commensurate withmy expectations or not, my relief at the suspensionof the agony of the struggle down here is so deepand heartfelt that I could shout for joy.I at least have several good weeks behind me,and every day in which I make the slightest prog- ress in any direction whatever is bound to reactfavorably.For the present I reiterate my outline of philos- ophy of June 25th and July 3d. I intend to ... .control pending a readjustment. At any rate for ayear intend to have nothing to do with fast women—I do not say anything about intercourse without monetary consideration, but am unlikely to havemuch chance as I will not be looking for it.Until I am settled in relaxation will be therule. With the least worry and the line of leastresistence for a month or so I should be in a muchbetter frame of mind to accomplish anything thanby keeping up this constant nervous strain. Hopeand confidence mark the last dav, and I count theyear as a leaf in my book of experience and look- ing back, do not regret my year in the tropics.—, August 1, 1912. has a cottage for the summer.The month of July was the best one for some- time. I have at last realized the futility of expect- ing to make great changes in my habits of life ina day and, therefore, attach less importance to acertain date for this or that as I have done previ- ously. Suffice [it that] after a month I can lookback and notice a slight improvement, more self- control and a stronger determination. This I findis the case now and with the prospect of a monthof healthy activity and absence of nervous andmorbid thoughts the present month should be oneof the best of the year, and if a quiet determina- tion without the passion of heretofore will help me,this seems assured. System will be the keynoteas far as it does not interfere with the rights ofothers, for here I cannot be too selfish in my at- tempt to reach a certain standard, and besides I have no intention of becoming a slave to system, asI heartily dislike red tape. But I can start prepar- ing myself for the big fight when I return home nextmonth by making each day count.—, August 12, 1912. Since the first I have beenthrough an [intense] struggle, the worst yet. Be- ing greatly disappointed at the unfriendly attitudeof the family to my ideas, disgusted and tired, dayby day I became more worried. Heated argumentresulted in open charges of immorality on theirpart, that is, they considered my views immoral.Last night was the culmination of all this—for thefirst time I actually threw over all my plans andambition and contemplated suicide. Many timesthe thought had crossed my mind before, but it wasalways as a possibility in the dim future, but yes- terday the thought materialized.I carried on a terrific mental struggle in bed andthe will to live triumphed. I will fight on, but Iwill be more and more egotistical. I realize thevast gulf between me and the rest of my family.It is insurmountable, and my last hope now centerson my return to ... . My mother is pliable and Imay be able to sufficiently dominate my brotherand my sister to fight it out there without toomuch interruption, which is the bone of my presentsituation.—, Friday, August 23, 1912. Gradually throw- ing off that almost inborn habit we have of actingas a pose for others, I must sometimes act in away which must appear immoral when such is far from the actual truth. In the endeavor, weak it istrue as yet, to rise above good and evil, the onlycriterion is sometimes whether such and such anact makes for weakness. If it does it transgressesagainst nature, and I make the definition that any- thing which does not go against nature is neithergood nor evil. From this point of view, moralissues do not enter into the question to the sameextent. I am going to put into writing the dis- tinction I make between conceit and egoism. Con- ceit is exemplified by the young man who, shallowof heart and brain, dresses in fancy clothes andparades around so that the girls can admire him.This is one instance I take to contrast it with. . . .With the desire to express myself, to be an artist,to live the fullest life possible, or whatever my pre- cise object may be, it is absolutely necessary to bedamn independent.I have found the family very impatient, and outof accord with my views and rejecting their idealsof a man—very conventional—I must of necessitymake a break, because the petty bickering engend- ered is bound to dissipate my energy without any- thing being accomplished. Having attained morepositive views later, I may see fit to resume theold status, being safeguarded by grim determinationand absolute sincerity as far as possible, believingas I do, that truth is only relative.The conflict is not only between reason andpassion, but also between naturalism, and if I mayput it, unnaturalism. That is, I want to act naturalaccording to my nature rather than to set up anideal opposed to my nature and endeavor to live up to it. The only trouble is that I have variousmoods, and at the time I really believe that eachone is the right one. However, by gradually drop- ping unnatural habits caused by trying to conform,I hope to reach an impregnable position insofar thatI am willing to lose everything for freedom tolive my own life, believing that this seeming self- ishness makes for the best for myself, family andall others, because even though wrong in manythings, if my nature is wrong, it is better to bewrong and be myself than to be what I honestlybelieve to be wrong and please others.—, Sunday, September 1, 1912. Beginning anew month, although full of hope as usual at thebeginning of anything, I also feel rather humbleafter my previous egoism. Thus I go from moodto mood, but the turning point is at hand. I can- not be tossed around like a bark without rudderor sail much longer and with my tendency to ex- tremes, feeling that I have much power for goodor evil in this world, one course I must enter onwith the greatest determination.Having willed to live at the moment of despair,I must needs live with sincerity and without con- forming; a little more forbearance will do me good,and certainly the events of the past few weeks havebeen a sore trial. I have undoubtedly made a foolof myself, but still acknowledging my ideal, feeldetermined as ever, if chastened.I candidly must say or write that .... ques- tions are still open, but I intend to get right downto action towards a literary career, meanwhile grad- ually attaining the thing which I have been strug- gling for—not peace of mind exactly, but the feel- ing that I am doing my best in a sincere mannerunder the circumstances, namely, that I must gothrough life with health impaired to a greater orless extent; that I am inclined to extremes, pessi- mistic or very cheerful, even childish, by turns;that life appeals to me when I think as terribly in- evitable that I have a tendency to degeneracy attimes (which I feel I can overcome to a certainextent by heroic measures) ; that the happiness ofa home and children of my own may be deniedme. With these prospects before me, my fightingblood is up and I simply have got to go on andup or disintegrate altogether—there is no halfwaymeasure for me, and I would have it so. I writewith absolute sincerity now.—, October 2, 1912. Another month rolls on,—despite my having writen that I do not count bydates now, I find it convenient to note whetheror not I have made any progress in this way.I have. The same old struggle between passionand intellect was continued, at one time intellectualand philosophical calmness animating me and thenlow passion, but the net is surely but slowly (fasternow) closing.I came home, loafed around the house, read,dreamed, did nothing. Then in a burst of energypurchased a typewriter, an unabridged dictionary,supplies, taking some S7O from my scanty savings.Later I repented of this, why all this preliminaryto a conventional, routine existence? Why not go away, gamble, attempt to gain all by a singlethrow? Why struggle to no end? But deep downsomething always says, "Go on, you have it in you."Well, I recovered myself again, calling on Nietz- sche as my guide, not that I had read his works,but I had read about him and his philosophy of theSuperman—will to live because it is painful, and Iwill take a fierce joy in life. It is hard to dropthose passionate dreams born of romance, but Iknow that happiness is not for me, not the happi- ness of convention or even sex unconventionallv,* 'but perhaps a certain amount of intellectual satis- faction and the thrill that comes from reading themaster minds which respond in me, the thrill as Ifeel willing to make any sacrifice for my ideals,reaffirmed by a perusal of several of Ibsen's playswithin the last few days, Schopenhauer's "Studiesin Pessimism," and a part re-perusal of HaldaneMacfall's book about Ibsen.As I read Schopenhauer to-day I realized sud- denly that there are more than one variety of Dolls'Houses, and it is indeed one that those who go onliving in their dreams away from life live in, hopingsome day to have happiness or pleasure from therealization of their dreams.No, too long have I postponed facing the situa- tion. No longer must I dream. I must act. Icannot fail; worldly honor is not success. If I betrue to myself I succeed, the world notwithstanding. I have a few more studies to make,—rather Imean I am just beginning—before I have a definitephilosophy, subject, of course, always to change asnew experience or observation serves to confirm or reject. Schopenhauer, Ibsen, Tolstoy, Nietzscheand others must still give me their message in fullbefore I can glean from them sufficient to test myown observations, but in the final analysis my ownindividuality, by own judgment must be supreme,I yield to none. Schopenhauer is right when hesays we should not fill up on other men's learningbefore we have experience ourselves .... has beenone of my great mistakes and the resulting con- fusion has paralyzed me, but now I read but tolearn, not to adopt without searching criticism, andmeanwhile I may begin working.So long as I keep unsullied by any more verybad outbursts, forward I must go and if I am car- ried off at any time I have not failed, the ideal stillbeing nursed with that tender passionate regretthat Emerson speaks of. A new era is dawningfor me. In spite of misunderstanding, seeming self- ishness on my part, sacrifice of my best nature,the spark still lives. A few more months of renun- ciation and I have myself in hand and then, what- ever the difficulties, ever onward and upward.—, December 30, 1912, 6:30 P. M. A hurriedwriting previous to departure for Chicago. Thepast three months, ones of disillusionment andblasted hopes. Future uncertain, but atmospherecleared for anything that turns up.Suddenly deciding last night, Sunday, to leavefor Chicago—slept on more or less irregularly, andhad trunk packed early this morning (previouslyready for quick departure), tickets, etc., by noon— theatre this afternoon, and everything nearly readynow.Turning point insofar as leaving future to chanceinstead of carefully planned out course .... formy temperament to settle down to any such dullroutine as seems necessary to get on as others have.Besides, I have lost a certain grip I had before theearly part of this year brought on acute nervous- ness, and it needs quick action to put me intotouch with life. Slow and sure is not my forte,but fast and intermittent, and I have to face itwhether I will or not.Chicago, January 29, 1913. If I wrote that thepast month was the worst I had ever experienced,I would probably repeat myself, as I have hadsome very bad and frequent worsts, during thepast year and a half, but nevertheless I never hopeto feel so utterly despairing this side of eternity.I arrived in Chicago on December 31, an hourbefore the new year. I was met by my uncle andproceeded to his house with him. He is a vege- tarian, a raw food one, an ardent and unmercifulpropagandist; his wife a chronic invalid, cold andlifeless.There was really no room for me, and I sleptin an unheated room, where they kept fruit andvegetables. It was cold, too cold to dress in with- out great discomfort, but uncle said the air wasgood for me, and the fruit had to be taken care ofanyway.Now I am generally open to reason and per- suasion, even if I do act on my own impulses and ideas eventually. But I will not be forced. I havefled from one refuge to another in the hope of beingfree, of being able to be myself, and uncle's in- sistence on my not doing this and that, resulted inargument, but no open break.The result was that everything seemed to fallfrom under my feet, and on January 10th, I madeup my mind to commit suicide on my twenty-thirdbirthday, May 10th, next.Of course, this was not the result entirely, oreven principally, of my trouble with uncle. Thatwas only important insofar as it added the laststraw to my .... misunderstood and, if not per- secuted, at least worried beyond endurance, by myrelatives.My reasons, in a few words, for deciding onsuicide were:(1) Disillusionment. What had sustained methrough the mental and nervous shocks, sleeplessnights, ecstasies, and despair of the years, since mysixteenth (although it began before that) was thethought, which I dare not acknowledge to myself,much less express to others, that I was, if not agenius, at least a talented man, with the ability todo big things. Sometimes business success ap- pealed to me; at other times, science or philosophy—mental and intellectual pre-eminence; then artis- tic effort, vaguely the idea of being an author,dramatist or literary and social reform leader.Up to the day I left Cuba, despite reactions andpitiful weakness, I kept my faith in myself, in mymission. Reading Ibsen only served to confirm it.In .... I still had it. I lost it in .... to a great extent. After I had purchased a typewriter andsat down to work, my courage failed; I could donothing.Reading Bernard Shaw showed me that muchthat I had thought to be artistic temperament,ideals, sentiment, was plain romantic illusion, andI did not feel that I was called upon then to sac- rifice myself for humanity, without the estheticpleasure my illusions had given me. Before this Ihad unwittingly cloaked my own desires and pas- sions under the guise of doing something worthwhile, of uplifting and what not.Curiously enough, all my ambition, ideas, etc.,returned on further reading of Shaw in Chicago,after I had started going on the assumption ofsuicide on May 10th. I took them back, with theidea that now I was through with romantic illusionand prepared to face reality.Before recurring to this, I shall go on to theother suicide reasons.(2) The continual moving about trying to find aresting place, and consequent disgust and quarrelswith relatives, and the feeling that I was indeedalone and without a home.Leaving Cuba in hope I left , swearing theywould never hear from me again. I left withvery much the same idea, but before leaving, wrotea very short letter to Nellie, informing her that Ihad nothing against her and thought as much ofher as ever. Uncle was the last straw, althoughI could not have the least doubt of his sincere de- sire to benefit me, and when I realized this I triedto take advantage of his advice and follow it to a great extent, but his wife chilled me, and she reallydidn't want me, Of course, she wasn't well, anduncle told me that but for that he would have hadme stay with them, and take a good room in whichthey had a roomer. Aunt had advised against mycoming—she did not want to be bothered.However, all this only added to my feeling ofloneliness, of homelessness, and I took a small room,after sundry hints from my aunt.(3) Related to the above, was the deeper feel- ing that I had not place in the world. Forced towork myself into a nervous wreck, when I wantedto shine in intellect; laughed at by my acquaint- ances, for I had no friends, because of my theories,impracticality, temperament; inability to get onwith people socially, due to a peculiar inherent shy- ness, not lost by contact with people in business,where I had a reputation even for nerve or perhapssometimes impertinence, although I meant no harm.I was rather sharp in repartee, and suppose Ishowed a feeling of superiority, whereas said ac- quaintances, openly at least, made me feel inferior,unsocial, a crank—always in the wrong. Whatwas the use, I said time and again, of my bril- liance, of my love of study, of esthetics, of my care- ful life, if it was turned on me and made into afault, a crime.(4) Fearful of gradual approach of insanity,brought on by above causes, and degenerate stockon my father's side. I have no proof of this, ex- cept fact that my father was small, nervous, andvacillating, and I am sure it is only my mother'sblood that has saved me thus far. (5) The thought that my ideas, etc., instead ofbeing due to higher qualities, due to this degeneratetendency or strain, in short, that I was a degenerateweakling, doomed to drift on until insanity ordeath ended it all.The above caused my resolution to commit sui- cide, taken on January 10th. My hand is tired now,but I have much to write of subsequent days.I leave to-morrow morning for San Francisco,and shall fill in details to date either on train orthere.Denver, Colo., February 2, 1913. To continuewhere I left off, the sixth reason, the last but notthe least, to use a hackneyed term, is:(6) Sex. I have previously gone into this atsome length, so little remains to be written. To usea medical term, I presume my affliction may becalled erotomania.My passion, ungratified, except with mercenarywomen, has been a terrible thing. If I could havehad a little satisfaction, even without actual inter- course, in my youth, as other fellows have, I mighthave been spared the suffering, mental and phys- ical, caused by my random attempts to feed myinsatiable hunger.Not having anything pleasant to look back uponin an emotional way, has probably contributedmore than any one thing, to my despair of thefuture.When in desperation, just after my twentiethbirthday, I first had intercourse with a prostitute, Imade little distinction between moral and immoral women, that is, some women I felt naturally at- tracted to; others repulsed me, and this attraction,physical or mental, I was generally unable tofollow up more in practically every case.With one or two exceptions, every prostitute Ihad intercourse with was a source of bitter disap- pointment, and constant recriminations by my bit- ter outraged nature. I worried and worried overthese downfalls, as I invariably considered themafter.The one or two exceptions, however, left mewith no feelings of disgust or disappointment. Ienjoyed them thoroughly. They were with womenwho had a strong attraction to me, and I wouldnot have changed them for many a virtuous woman,except for the experience of being the first.Altogether, I have not had intercourse withmore than twenty women, and most of them, ofthe shortest, being generally driven by strong pas- sion without a worthy object.Many a time have I cursed myself, however,for ever beginning. At about the same time as myfirst fall, I first touched liquor.I often feel that if I had been told by myparents, I might not have taken the first downwardstep and waited until I could give my emotion ahealthy outlet on honorable terms.As it is, I have lost something which is thecause of my condition of despair, and it will takea long, slow process of upbuilding to give me backmy enthusiasm and grip on life, but events of to- day and yesterday give me hope and encourage- ment. Denver, Colo., February 5, 1913. To go backto my story, after deciding on January 10th tocommit suicide on May 10th, my troubles becameworse instead of better. The will to live rebelledagainst this decision, and I endeavored to drownthe still small voice, and succeeded in doing so, onlyto have it come up again.Only one reaction in Chicago, however, amountedto anything. In my usual impulsive, emotionalmanner, after reading Shaw's "Quintessence ofIbsenism," my old feelings about art and literaturereturned with force augmented by the depth of thepreceding condition of pessimism and hopelessness.For a week I felt like a genius, went about full ofesthetic feelings, courage. I exercised twice a day,thus conquering an habitual physical laziness,walked with a springy step, inhaling the cold airenthusiastically. In short, it was the same oldstory.I fed my esthetic feelings at the art gallery,library, and theatre. I attended several perform- ances at the Fine Arts Theatre of the Irish Play- ers, and enjoyed their simple, honest humor.By Friday it began to peter out. Depression,unaccountable as usual, began to come over me.I shook it off, but it could not be gainsaid, and onSaturday night, January 25th, I attended a per- formance of Strindberg's "Creditors" and "TheStronger" at the Chicago Little Theatre, with ill- suppressed feelings of impending disaster, which,however, I realized, as of old, were temporary andunfounded, perhaps, but nevertheless enough togive me hours of hell, hell, hell. The circumstance agreed with my mood, and inaway awakened my ambition to have my ownwork performed and read, but the realization afterof the work, utter lack of appreciation of such workof genius by the general English and Americanreading public, and moreover, the ever present dis- like and fear of going back to office work andworking on from year to year to no purpose, untilinsanity or death ended it all,—brought on all pastforebodings, and I went down to the closed district,found a woman, more, two, and disgusted myselfwith life to the limit; went home and cursed, raved,and what not, until exhaustion brought on fitful,wild slumber, and I awoke with a headache, weak,repentant, defiant, and I know not what.I might right here give the immediate supple- mentary cause of my suicide decision, over andabove those enumerated.As long as I was at work I still had hope. InHavana I was weaker, felt more poisoned physicallyand mentally than before or since, but the thoughtof artistic success sustained me. I looked forwardto dropping the intolerable burden on finishing mywork there, and going ahead and becoming a writer.This kept me on through it all, when I workedon sheer nerve and every day was an agony. InI still cherished the delusion—I was a genius,a superman, and would show them all.When I settled down in and bought a type- writer I started typewriting my shorthand notes,put down in Havana, describing my moods, pas- sions and various mental conditions, having in mind writing a book, "The Youth Who Was Pre- maturely Tired" .... mental struggles and states.On getting down to it, however, the thoughtthat if I was to do anything it must be done whilethe money I had saved by scrimping, scraping,sacrificing social life, amusement, almost every- thing,—lasted, which would not be any too long,and then, the old agony of uncongenial hellish work,—this thought took away everything.The bottom fell out, and from that time on,last September and October, I have steadily lostall confidence and hope in myself, and my grip onlife. The thought of going back to work .... themental state of which it had been the product,haunted me unceasingly.I dared not face the situation. I quarrelled athome, with reason, however, fled to Arthur's housein . The wild idea I had conceived in ... .of disappearing, going away secretly and suddenlyreturned. No matter where I turned there seemedno refuge from my own diseased mind. Wildanarchical schemes entered my head. Now I under- stood why men killed, went insane. Before I hadexperienced passion, good and bad, honest and dis- honest, clean and sane, and unclean and insane,poetic frenzy, glowing emotional enthusiasm, andnow new ranges of wildness came to me.I cursed myself, my parents, heaven and earth;then the reaction brought sorrow and spasmodicattempts at reparation.I destroyed my books and objects of fond re- membrance, the next day repented and endeavored to undo the damage. This began in Havana, con- tinued in and became worse in .Then in a sudden impulse I decided to go awayfrom it all, using the excuse of going to Californiawith my aunt, then to Chicago, which I really in- tended to do.In Chicago I at first felt like making a newstart, but after accepting a position, I had a fore- boding I should fall down on it, and I cursed thesocial system and employing class for not offeringme a living salary for just as much work as Icould stand, and have leisure for writing, study,etc.Death seemed preferable to working, and, dread- ing to go back to what it had represented in Havanaand New York previous to that, I made the suicidedecision. The reasons enumerated all came to menight after night as I lay awake, and I calledfor death .... it was this dread of work thatfinally took the ground away from under my feet.I felt in my heart that, with a weekly income ofS2O to $25 I would persist and fight my mentaldisabilities, finding consolation in reading, study- ing, especially philosophy and writing. My ideawould be not to write with the idea of makingmoney, but of making literature.I got cold feet whenever I thought of the sordidcommercialism of present American authorship.My ideas and ideals, delusions, illusions, call themwhat you will, were too strong to face the facts.I had wild ideas of laying my case before somerich man, or at least some institution endowed byone, seeing if they, out of pity, sympathy, or some other feeling, could be induced to allow me an in- come of S2O to $25 per week, and not require ofme definite results.I thought of going to sociologists, insanity ex- perts, those whom we read so much about in thepapers, who are always talking of reform, eugenics,social service; but the realization that these glit- tering generalities meant nothing to one poor, weak,degenerate individual like me, deterred me.Two other reasons kept me back, the first self- respect; for despite my weaknesses and downfalls,I still had an inordinate pride, and repulsed pity,sympathy, and felt how humiliating it would beto depend on some one else like that even weresuch a wild idea possible.Wild idea, indeed. I remember the letters Iwrote in the heyday of my ambition and enthusiasm,to Carnegie, Patten, E. H. R. Green, and severalothers, asking for a hearing before some board tofurther education—and the fact of hearing nothing.Time and again I had bitterly reflected whatgood is all this charity, social work. It is all gen- eral, where does my personal case come in, whois there to give me a little human consideration,a helping hand, encouragement, sociability, love?Reformers, women reformers and social workersspend their efforts in closing up districts, scatter- ing prostitutes, making it difficult to gamble andgenerally taking away the means for such as me toforget our troubles now and again, but not a handis lifted to save me from insanity or death by myown hand.Outside of this feeling of death being preferable to the humiliation and shuddering at the shocks tomy sensitive nature which would be engendered bymaking public this record, there was the additionalfeeling that instead of freedom from the bondageof poverty resulting from such an appeal, confine- ment would be the result.I dread this about as much as going back towork, because the sanctity, jealous regard and fearabout my personality, my individuality is such thatif I thought that the result of an appeal would beconfinement, I would welcome death as a gift fromheaven.I am an agnostic, and, philosophically at least,an anarchist. I want to be free, to glory in liberty;to have no boss, to be able to develop my intellect.To do this I am willing to pay the price of keep- ing within the law, to refrain from indulging sex- ually more than seems absolutely necessary, but Icannot look forward to being fed and given a placeto rest in, and otherwise allowed to develop in myown way, but not being allowed freedom of actionand residence.I am not insane now, but any attempt at coercionor confinement would drive me violently insane. Ishould beat at the doors of my cell, curse every- thing and die raving, and it is the fear of confine- ment that keeps me from submitting this to thosewho could probably save me if they would.Before the day when my last dollar is gonecomes I may in desperation [decide] to risk this, inthe hope of being allowed to live in my own wayrather than commit suicide, but I don't know. Denver, Colo., February 6, 1913. After that fallin Chicago, after Strindberg, Saturday, January25th, hope left me until the 30th. Leaving thatday for 'Frisco a certain old time grim resolutionto make another big effort took possession of me,but to no purpose as usual.At noon of the 31st, I changed trains at LaJunta for a side trip to Denver. While on the wayto Denver I became acquainted with the man whoput me back in fighting mood for several days.Our conversation started when he asked permissionto sit beside me, which was unnecessary, but polite.He casually asked if I was going to stay in Denver.I said no, that I was merely on a visit. I askedto be referred to a hotel. He told me of the kept by his brother.We talked along, and he painted Colorado inglowing colors—said he had left New York twenty- two years ago, and with the exception of one yearin Texas, had lived in Denver ever since. To hismind there was no place like it. He told me busi- ness was quiet, but that I could undoubtedly getsomething within a short time. He invited me tocall at his house on Sunday.We arrived Friday night, the 31st, and hepointed out the hotel from the station, and hurriedoff. Saturday, I took sight-seeing car through city,and Sunday foothills trip. The air was fine, ashe had enthusiastically said, and the bright appear- ance of things, despite a snowstorm on Saturday,argued well for this as a healthy, bright, beautifulcity and all he said it was.I called on him Sunday, and found he had a beautiful house, a pleasant wife and two fine chil- dren. The little girl of three took to me right away,which surprised them but not me, as children dotake to me. The boy of thirteen was also veryenthusiastic, bright and friendly, and after supperwe three grown-ups had a pleasant talk on varioussubjects. I left with a delightful feeling of havinghad a glimpse of a nice home, which brought backall my thoughts of times past of a home, with alovely wife and children on my knee, dreams whichin my bad periods I had rejected as hopeless forme, thus taking away a great spur to work andambition.Impulsively the next day I put in my ticket forrefund, being willing in my enthusiasm to lose sllor so for baggage, which had gone on to Frisco,to say nothing of freight charges of over $7, includ- ing boxing, for return to Denver. Thus I expect topull out $lO of my $49.75 for ticket from Chicago,fare to Denver being $22.60, tourist. I give thesefigures to show how great was my ecstasy on Mon- day morning, February 3d, perhaps the last time Ishall feel so optimistic and in love with everything,great enough to make me, without work and lessthan SIOO in cash, drop $lB carelessly and withoutworry—me, who had skimped and scraped eversince started working, although only to lose reck- lessly on impulses.Then I went after work in the same spirit;called on the Chamber of Commerce, was referredto two reliable employment agencies, went to thetypewriter companies, and visited one prospectiveemployer. On Tuesday I visited three, and could probably have landed one, but my old bugaboo, thereaction, had begun to set in, and at 5 o'clockTuesday, after lying down in my room at the hotelI got up, hurriedly dressed, rushed to the railroadticket office, and asked to have my baggage stopped.My ticket had gone in for refund, and the freightagent promised to telegraph immediately to holdbaggage if not already sent. Yesterday I found ithad been sent, and now await returns on that andmy ticket.When I got these I thought of going on toFrisco and ending it all there. Last night I wrotea despairing letter home, offering to return if theywould send me SSO, but did not mail it, and thismorning tore it up, merely writing saying I wouldbe here until the latter part of this month in casethe family had any proposition to make to me ormoney to send.If they ask me to return and send some money,I probably will. Otherwise I shall probably go toFrisco with a week or two week's expenses in mypocket after paying fare, and finishing this story.I say probably in both cases because I now realizemy hopeless lack of will-power, my whole life prac- tically being impulse with a delusive current of pur- pose running through it.—, February 6, 1913, 10: 37 P. M. This morningI cast out hope. To-night I feel that beneath allmy degeneracy and weakness, I am a genius and Ifeel that I cannot die without leaving somethingbehind. No, I will fight. It is harder for my yield- ing, but I cannot give up without a struggle. Some- where and at some time I must prove that I amsomething besides a weakling. Good and evil pre- dominate by turns, love and hate, weakness andstrength. Reconciliation is the solution. I havejust read an article in The International for Novem- ber, 1911—" J. William Lloyd, Philosopher of theParadox," and it gives me new faith in myself.Denver, Colo., February 8, 1913. Yesterday wasa good day. I went to bed feeling the same wayas when I wrote the above, and even felt I had madea discovery, or rather discovered or realized an oldtruth in its application to my case, namely, mod- eration.Instead of going to the extreme in one directionas I have done, I said go as far as the conditionspermit, but cease before the pleasure does.Applying this to intellect it would mean studyphilosophy, but don't overwork it—dream with thepoets, but not too much. In this plan, Strindberg,Shaw, Ibsen, and others all have their place.Women, well the same here—quit before becom- ing weary, and a mental reservation to endeavor tohold off more and more, but not to take it to heartif not able to. This is a natural weakness, and isgood if not too much. Can I do it? That is thequestion. If I can tide over that terrible reactionthat comes several times a week, and sometimesnight after night, I think I can endure life, or hell,as I am coming to regard it.Reversing the conventional view I might say,"Life is hell, and we have nothing to look forwardto which is worse, therefore if there is any future life, it must be better." Whether this is logical ornot, I don't know, but it looks good to me, even ifnot altogether original.I have been reading Strindberg at the DenverLibrary the last few days. I have read "CountessJulia, the Dream Play, the Link and the Dance ofDeath."I enjoyed them, which is a matter of course, asI always understand and enjoy deeply the work ofgenius, especially so-called degenerate genius.Last night some time or other I dropped hope,only to pick her up again, for she must be a woman—she tantalizes me so much.Denver, Colo., Monday, February 10, 1913. Yes- terday as the day wore on, gloom prevailed, increas- ing until last night, but I clenched my fists andgrit my teeth this morning, and will go on.Three months to a day to my birthday, I notice,who am always looking for auspicious dates for anew start.The principal issue is clear, I must crucify myperverted hereditary sexual appetites. Absolutecontinence except under favorable conditions. Asthese conditions are unlikely to occur, as I am notgoing looking for them, namely, that a woman yieldfrom pure love or passion, and the only other alterna- tive is marriage, I have a big fight on, but as theissue is life with honor, or death, with or withouthonor, I feel that I shall make this stand at last,after which the fight will be easier, if without theprospect of happiness, for, after all, I must notexpect happiness; I must learn to live without it, to make my life represented by my work, and finallyI may attain a degree of peace and rest, if not ofhappiness. Yes, crucify, the devil.New York, Sunday, February 23, 1913. Arrivedhere last Tuesday night, the 18th. Thursday onbad attack of grippe. Misery, of course, inducedexceeding pessimism, but .... although physicallymiserable, my mental condition is hopeful.Shall endeavor to remain in New York. De- pends on whether I get well quick and get workquick, as I have just $24 in cash left from the S4OOI saved in Havana, with $lO from railway refundcoming sometime. If health and work come out,then it is only a matter of being able to keep it up.If not pride humbled, back to Aproposof this, I am not so sure but that I made a biggerfool of myself than others whom I consigned tothat class.Have been with old. friend , first time infive years, with exception of one brief day. Hehas changed considerably. Now is all for experi- ence and practicality—theories merely a sideline,and, of course, for both of us to live it must be so.New York, February 28, 1913. I leave to- morrow for , my last trip. On the eve of anew month I feel indifferent. Hopelessness tookpossession of me several days ago, and I prettywell decided to end it all as planned.However, as my money is gone I must work ifI am to live even until May 10th, and, of course,if I work again for ever so short a time in view, I cannot say how long I may keep it up, so I saynothing.I make no grand resolutions for beginning [ofmonth], but the usual sexual one, having fallenagain. Even if I must die because of my weaknessphysically I would like a —, Sunday, March 23, 1913. I had not intendedwriting in my diary to-day, but at the end of themonth. This evening, alone in the house, every- thing quiet, the fire gently singing, even the catasleep. I was reading in the kitchen Dickens'"Great Expectations." I just heard a sound andfind my brother Percy asleep on the sofa in thenext room. A feeling of peace came over me as Ilaid down my book that I was prompted to write inmy diary, for moments of peace have been so in- frequent of late that it was a remarkable contrastto my wild vagaries and desperately suppressedemotions.For I am working again. I arrived here nightof Saturday, March Ist, and on Tuesday the 4th,commenced work with at the fine salary of$55 a month, with prospects. They offered $5O; Isuggested it and we compromised on $55. Ofcourse, there have been openings in my line athigher salaries, but I took the first thing and willnot change, as it seems good as business goes, unlessthe prospects do not materialize.Though I hated to acknowledge it to myself, Ineeded to get back to work more than anything else to save me. I had my opportunity, or rather Isaved up S4OO by sacrifices in Havana, and then satdown and did nothing until half was gone, after- wards wasting the rest in a wild goose chase aftermy destiny.However, I entered into my work with a spiritof hopeful resignation. Being inevitable, and forthe first time in my work, acknowledging it, I willnot say I attend to it more conscientiously, but Igrip myself when a wave of the old dissatisfactionpasses over me and work, work.At night I sleep, but at intervals during day andevening, and in the morning I find it a great effortnot to fly off the handle in protest of it all, butkeep on just the same.I have had several passionate weak outburstsduring the month, several times I have made afool of myself by venting my temper on thosearound me, but generally I hold myself in betterand am more conscious of having command ofmyself.As for my ideas and ambition. It is still alive.The will to live is stronger than any misery as aforce for life as against death. Taking this as amere basis, I must of necessity have some largerview than the mere cramping effect of a clerkship.I work, because I must and under protest, butI try to do my best, and I work honestly and Iearn my salary and more, as much as I can underthe circumstances.I am just getting settled and am getting mybooks together. lam now going in for drama andI still have a soft spot in my heart for philosophy, although I am still at the beginning of Kant'sCritique. I read a little of it to-day.I still feel the call of a larger mission, but Ifeel more like going about it in a practical, busi- ness-like way, because I realize I must. I acknowl- edge that. Experience has had to push facts downmy throat before I would face them with the aid ofBernard Shaw.I feel more sincere now. A tendency I havenoted to theatricalism I will sternly suppress. Isometimes act cruelly after a mental struggle andI just hold myself by calling on Neitzsche and thephilosophy of the superman, and then woe betidethe one who crosses me.While I will not force it, and avoid self-pity, Icannot help feeling at bottom the tragedy of lifeto me. It is such an effort to live, there is solittle to look back on, no youth, no sweetheart, nolove except that of the children, and the mistakenlove of a weak mother. The short peace to-nightstands out but as soon as I became conscious ofit I said to myself that I must cultivate that frameof mind to do the best work and find out the truthquickest.—, Sunday, June 1, 1913. This morning, thebeginning of week and month, and the first realspring Sunday of the season, I once more start ona process of rehabilitation. For three years I havebeen fighting my sexual passions. Previous to May21, 1910, as I note from that date in my diary, Iwas clean absolutely, as I have said before. Threeyears of the fiercest action and reaction. Despair to the verge of suicide, exultation to such heightsof ecstasy that Heaven opened its gates almost.And in between indifference, or simply dull care,daily monotonous, hopeless toil, restless, tirednights.I lived over the date set for my suicide, May10th, this year. Every month I determined to startin anew, practically every month for these threeyears. At the first of the years 1911, 1912 and1913, at birthdays May 10, 1911, 1912 and 1913,Leap-year, February 29, 1912, and after every de- spair I started in anew with the determination tonot only conquer that weakness, but to restrainmyself in speech and act sufficiently .... aheadand accomplish something.Failure has been the result every time. I askmyself why, and the answers are many and various,according to the last disappointment.In a large measure it has been due to thatemptiness of my life, to the lack of affection anda definite ambition, and to my not being more posi- tive instead of attempting to be merely negativelyvirtuous or self-controlled (as I don't like the wordvirtuous), combined with nervousness, strong pas- sions and emotional qualities with no proper outletfor them when they became so put up as to threatento overflow.To-day I begin on a new ground, that of beingpositive and rigidly self-controlled until I feel Ican relax with impunity. I have tried relaxing be- fore after a week, two weeks, but one relaxationin word or act has been followed by others untilthe circle has been completed by a blind unreason- ing yield to the sexual impulse under conditionsof mental chaos and physical exhaustion, and thennew resolutions and reaction set in.I would go far to state that it is different now,but so repeatedly and in such a series of shockshas the lesson been driven home, that I have sim- ply in desperation put suicide on one side and re- straint on the other, and, realizing that it is im- possible to go on as I have been doing, I have,with all the remaining strength, passion, love, honor,or whataver is left in me, ambition and enthusiasm,and the like, determined once and for all and forone year at least to be absolutely ascetic as thefirst step. To restrain myself all around is, ofcourse, the next, and I will succeed fairly well.The big questions of sex I leave open. I mustget an impersonal view away from the conflict first.Philosophy I also leave open, tentatively adopt- ing the simple formula from that of the superman,the will to live because life is painful and thewill to power, endeavoring to thrust out everythingthat makes for weakness.Friday, June 13, 1913. Just writing to-day be- cause it happens to be Friday the 13th—13th morebecause I have nothing but contempt for the sillysuperstition.Have maintained my resolution as far as sexis concerned easily enough to date, but otherwiseI am not satisfied with self-control attained, thatis, in speech and temper, but time will tell. I'llpull through a full year on the one thing in anycase, and I am still fighting for all around control, and a settled scheme of work towards becoming asuccessful playwright.Saturday, July 26, 1913. Nearly two monthspassed since June Ist, and I have failed to keep mygood resolutions and also to commit suicide afterseveral failures. It seems a silly business allaround, these writings included, but I must keepon for awhile in this strain.The only thing is to try again. I only realizethe more keenly the utter hopelessness of theeasiest way. Self-control, and the thought as Ilook ahead of giving up things is harder, but theother is impossible. I hesitate to express myselfso confidently as to my ability to be a supermanand a genius, but I can still fight on for a time atleast. The end is not yet. What it will be I don'tknow. The depths have been deep and the heightsmight have been higher, but there is a fair middlecourse possible and I'll try to do my best.At twenty-three I have to go back to the self- consciousness of youth before I can cast it all offand face life as it is. I often realize the apparentpriggishness and silliness of this diary, but I atleast try to be sincere sometimes, and after theshocks of the realization of life I may write as aman. Things cannot go on as they have been do- ing. Circumstances will force me to sink or swim,either to rise from this slough and weakness orcollapse utterly, and this knowledge will help me.I may be silent for a long time now, because Iam about to cast off my romantic youth and be aman, and the break will appear more isudden than it is. Up to now this diary does not show the vastprogress towards disillusioned manhood I havetaken. In reality they are so big that I have attimes bridged the gulf and said, "All is illusion."I have felt the utter pettiness of this struggle andseen things from the impersonal and even tran- scendental viewpoint. The difficulty is, after mak- ing the jump, to come back to where I left off andtake up the daily struggle. It is hard after realiz- ing that finally one will say, "All is illusion, whetherit be worldly success—money and honor, or artisticsuccess and the personal satisfaction of work welldone." However, I must come back in order tolive at all, and if I find it too much and after re- peated attempts some day give it up as hopeless,then it will be necessary to take the jump at oncefrom youth to death and leave out what comes inbetween.New York, September 27, 1913. .Suicide againpresenting itself as the only way out, I wasprompted to read over my diaries. As a result mysense of humor caused me to destroy the first one,dating from 1905, my fifteenth year. Full ofchildish struggles and events, at least until myeighteenth year, I could not let it live after mydeath. After my eighteenth year in New York, Ibegan to face reality, but yet I could not alloweven that part of the record to survive.True, from my fifteenth year I have been in abad way, but until several years ago a solutionseemed bound to come. Suicide never entered mythoughts in those days. Sex worried me, however, from fourteenth orfifteenth year. Mentally, only until my twentieth,but thinking without acting didn't strengthen me.However as this is a sort of last testament I mustnot waste time on those days. I hardly know howto begin and what to say, but something seemsnecessary.I could not write the greater part of this evennow, because I have realized since that it is alto- gether foreign to the spirit prevailing among theAnglo-Saxon, so-called, at least, and I myself amsufficiently contaminated with their spirit to feelcynical about it.If these writings do come to print I can imaginecynical and damn foolish newspapermen writingabout weaklings and degenerates in line with sillyeditorial in New York Times recently about suicideand another in the World on occasion of suicide ofa girl who was tired of 20 cent dinners, to sayvnothing about those arch idiots and hypocrites, theHearst hirelings with their talks about the idle richand the good thing it is most of us have to workfor little.Of course, I do not compare myself to the aver- age man. If I had no sense of hurnor I wouldhave persisted and made myself a genius in spiteof the hell life has been. Nietzsche could neverhave been if he was born in England or the States.But I only feel at home when I read men ofgenius. Always without a friend, the average manis a stranger to me. Women have killed me, be- cause with all my temperament and passion I have been too shy to ever have any love or outlet tomy passion.It is hard to say that if things had been differentthat such and such would be the case. SometimesI have thought absolutely sincerely that if I hadhad enough money to be able to dispense with thedaily grind, which, with its necessity of strong ex- citement as a reaction, has so impaired my will- power as to bring me from supreme egoism ofimagining and believing myself to be a genius to amiserable death alone and away from home by myown hand.At other times I have said that if I question my- self honestly that with money I would have simplydegenerated into a good for nothing vicious idlerof the Thaw class.Now, when about to die, I will be honest andsay that the latter would have probably been theoutcome, but it is by no means certain. After allI have been outraged and disgusted in the pastafter every fall from a certain standard and mylove of books does die while I live. Who knowsbut that I might have got down to study and workand done something? Undoubtedly, I would havehad affairs with women (had time and money per- mitted) under any circumstances, but drink anddrug has never appealed to me, even in imagination.I have been honest and sincere, particularly tothe fine point on matters of honor, at least until Ibegan to lose my grip on life. While I never gotdown and faced things, it was because I was in- curably romantic, and when I finally began to real- ize life it came to me in such a series of shocks that independence would have probably made mea Baudelaire, without his creative work to balancethe scale. With such an impractical, childishmother and failure of a father, uncongenial brothersand sisters, almost hating each other, with badheredity on both sides and a hellish environment,a shy nervous, suspicious disposition, extremes ofecstasy and despair, ungratified passions, alone andfriendless, how could I end otherwise than asuicide?I claim that any man who commits suicide ofnecessity suffers more than any who continues tolive. I don't want to die. I cannot make any out- sider realize by anything I can write how I havetried to avoid this step. I have tried every sub- terfuge to fool myself, to kid myself along that lifewasn't so bad after all. This record does not showup my humorous side, but I laugh as much as Ifeel like crying. I enjoy a comedy as well as atragedy, am tickled by the very things that amusethe average American, and at a baseball game Iactually feel like one of the boys, but where I differis in my tragic and morbid side, and my keensensitiveness.Things which pass over most men afflict mewith terrible force. My pride has stood in the wayof my hope of success under conditions which existin this country at present. I cannot indefinitelypretend as I apply for work that I am just like therest. I cannot always conceal the resentment andscorn I feel as I interview business men and standor sit before them as a mere stenographer. I, afellow in spirit with men of genius, must show my references, call and beg and implore, for a miser- able salary which I despise, must haggle for a fewdollars more, the price of a meal.The indignity of it all. I, an aristocrat at heart,of the arsitocracy of brains and sentiment, mustelbow with the ignorant vulgar bourgeois whocould not for an instant understand if they would.What is the use? Death only holds forth relief.I cannot look back on a really happy day. Light- hearted and merry have I been on occasions, butseldom a day without morbid thoughts sometimeor other, generally at night. If I could have had amistress things might have been different. WhenI have gone out and had sexual intercourse witha woman who pleased my imagination I have sleptwell—seldom otherwise.Sex has been my Nemesis, and to-day if I hadmoney I would continue to live. Without it, thewhole dreary past and prospective future is toomuch for me. With it I could dispense with thegrind and do work after my own heart.Of course, others have the grind, also; but thefact that they continue to live shows that they canstand it much better, and were born to it. I wasn't.My whole nature is outraged by the life I have hadto lead. Empty, cold, dismal, hellish.Let the cynical hirelings of the newspaper whomBernard Shaw well shows his contempt for, laughand write editorials. The day will come when menwill be allowed to live, not rot, the New YorkTimes notwithstanding. If a thousand men could be persuaded to com- mit suicide in protest, the powers that be wouldsit up and take notice.Arise you Americans who have some blood inyou and get rid of your Comstocks, Bryans, re- ligious hypocrites and grafters, and let the so-calleddegenerates and insane men have a say, and if youdo not live bigger and better, then you deservewhat you get.The majority is always wrong, and the minorityof supermen and degenerates—Zolas, Ibsens, etc.—must band together and overthrow the whole damnsystem which drives the best, the most sincere andhonest to suicide or starvation. The December issue of THEGLEBE will present "TheAzure Adder," a one-act comedy by Charles Demuth.