Bruno's Weekly 1 19 November 27th, MCMXV naaq_1915-11-27_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 19 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Untitled Image Illustration 2 The Richmond Hill House: Its Decline and Fall General Prosper M. Wetmore cre 2-4 Edison to America's Musicians 4 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 5 This Week's Performances in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 5-7 The Psalm of Life After the German of Karl Ettlinger, by Guido Bruno cre 7-8 Ave Maria Guido Bruno cre 8 The Disciple Oscar Wilde cre 9 Turtles' Eyelids D. Molby cre 10-11 Oscar Wilde—The Last Drawing from Life, Paris, very Shortly Before his Death Illustration 10 Children's Hour on the Square 11 Book love, my friends, is your pass to the greatest, the purest* Anthony Trollope cre 11 In Our Village 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week "Trashy Novels" in Branch Library News 13 Dog Days Clement Yore cre 14 Bulletin of Chicago Art Institute 14 "Greenwich Village" 15 Biography of Edward MacDowell 15 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 15-16 Richard Wagner—Egoist Guido Bruno cre 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents November 27th, 1915 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 19 NOVEMBER 27th, MCMXV Vol 1 Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and editedand written by Guido Bruno, at 58 Washington Square, New YorkCity. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry ss second-class matter at the Post Office oINew York pending. The Richmond Hill House: Its Declineand Fall General Prosper M. Wetmore IN the year 1813, this noble mansion of Aaron Burr remainedin good preservation, with its broad entrance, under aporch of imposing height, supported by tall columns, withbalconies fronting the rooms of the second story, and with anaspect of distinction altogether beyond that of the ordinaryprivate dwellings of that day. The outer entrance of thepremises, at that period, was through a spacious gateway, placedbetween highly ornamented columns, at the then terminationof MacDougal Street, about two hundred feet north of SpringStreet. The grounds at that time had been reduced in size, by,the interposing barriers of newly opened streets, and no longerextended to the river. The beautiful piece of water, long knownas "Burr's Pond," remained intact, with a full supply of theneeded element, which, in winter, gave excitement and enjoyment to all the noisy urchins fond of the sport of skating. Onthis point the writer can speak from personal knowledge. "Burr'sIfotid," so far as its exact location can now be traced* mustfeaye been on or near the piece of ground known as "TheTriangle," as it has been followed to a point whete it meetsthe junction of Bedford and Downing Streets.In the year 1820, the final excavation of the high groundwas completed, and in 1822 a public garden was opened, and soonbecame a popular resort for the neighboring inhabitants, towhom refreshments were served from the main building. Aturtle feast became, also, a standard entertainment, and wasfrequently presented to an appreciative public by a society giftedwith a knowledge of such culinary accomplishments.Having passed through all the mutations of city suburbanproperty, these premises followed the fortunes of other local- ities: the street commissioner made his influence felt; streets andavenues were opened; buildings were demolished or removed;profile maps came into vogue; hills disappeared and valleyswere filled; until at length the old Richmond Hill mansionfound itself shorn of all its grandeur, stripped of its verdantgroves, despoiled of its gardens and lawns, sitting sadly, farbeneath its former altitude, at the noisy and somewhat unsavorycorner of Charlton and Varick Streets. Its stately portals nolonger opened wide to welcome the entrance of distinguishedguests from foreign lands or the brilliant crowds that came tomingle in the gay receptions of joyous and sparkling Theodosia.Poor Theodosia! whose grave has been made for her beneaththe? surging billows of the ocean.Alas! for the changes wrought by the relentless hand ofTime! The tenacity of life with the old mansion was remarkable;and, after the gardens had ceased to be remunerative and othersimilar attractions had failed, a new and more pretentious effortwas made to embellish its history and to keep alive, a littlelonger, the distincton attached to its name. On its newfoundation the house was placed with its front, still wearing theadornments of columns and balconies, some twenty feet with- drawn from Varick Street, extending along the line of CharltonStreet. About the year 1831, the premises were leased, and anew building constructed in the rear, connected with the prin- cipal edifice, and running back about fifty feet with the viewto form a dramatic temple under the title? of "The RichmondHill Theatre." When completed the management of the estab- lishment was entrusted to Mr. Richard Russell an experiencedand respectable member of the theatrical profession.Shortly before the opening night the manager invited, bypublic notice and the offer of a prize, the co-operation of ourcity's literati in the production of a Poetical Address for theOccasion. The committee selected to award the prize sat in oneb&amp; the reception chambers of the old time honored mansion.It was an afternoon to be remembered. As the long twilightdeepened into evening, the shadows of departed hosts and long- forgotten gueste seemed to hover 'round the dilapidated halls and the dismantled chambers. Silence and a saddening gloomweighed heavily on the spirits of the selected party. But thelights came, the feeling of depression soon passed away, andthe disordered fancy was roused to resume the duty of thehour.Mr. Gulian C. Verplanck was chosen to brefak the seals of acouple of dozen envelopes. The writer of this paper was per- mitted to be a sharer in the ceremonies. As the poefms wereread, or glanced at, some few were placed on the right hand,but much the larger number on the! left. Of course therecould be but little hesitation in making up the final verdictThe successful competitor bore the name of Fitz-Greene Halleck. Edison to America's Musicians There surely must be among the thousands of musiciansin New York—and it is safe to say hundreds of thousands inthe United States—men who are taking the old masters of theworld for fundamental knowledge! and worshipful reverie butfeel the throbbing life around them—who feel its music, itstragedy, its romance, and who are endeavoring to expressthemselves through their medium: music. The far West, theBad Lands, the deserts, that wonderful quiet and peace, thegrandeur of Nature/ the solitude of a man, ja traveler;then again the buzzing life of the busy industrious city.Shouldn't the noises, the roaring and the moaning which fillthe air of our cities impress the creative genius of a musician,shouldn't all that that is distinctively American call forth anecho in the soul of the artist? There surdy must be Americanmusic, right at this moment. It only has not had a chance tofind its way to its right possessor: the American public.The Little Thimble Theatre invites every American com- poser and musician to take advantage of its opportunities.Everybody will be considered equally seriously.The Little Thimble Theatre! does not endeavor to producemasterpieces or to detect geniuses, in other words, to create sensa- tional successes. The artist is e'qually free to step before thepublic, as the people—his audience—are free to come and to likeor to dislike. To have an audience must be the! most cherisheddesire of every artist, and he who takes his art seriously willwelcome his audience as his critics. Because there is no ad- mission fee charged and everybody welcome as long as thereare seats and standing capacity, the audience is comprised ofa combination of people who resemble truly the Americanpeople at large to whom every artist wishes to appeal finally. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska Paris, November Ist. JHE heading of this record finds too ample? justification thismonth, although of the three leading figures who havedisappeared from among us: Henri Fabre, Remy de Gourmont,and Camille de Sainte Croix, only the two last properly belongedto Paris. Paradoxical as it sounds of so retiring a personality,Remy de Gourmant was efminently Parisian not only in spitebut also on account of the fact that he did not parade inthe academical cocked hat which so much better becomes themore popularly and internationally renowned Paul Bourget,Maurice Donnay, Edmond Rostand, and Piefrre Loti; that hisboulevard was the one which is not one, i.e. the BoulevardSaint Germain; and that the cafe he patronized was pure ofconfraternal or cosmopolitan associations. To the independantsof Montparnasse, to the official of the' right bank, the Parisof Gourmont—the rue des Saint Peres, where he lived (incomplete solitude), the Cafe de Flore, on the frontier lintfbetween the faubourg (Saint Germain) and the quartier (Latin),where he took his occasional aperitif, are the provinces. To theseand to those they are out of the world and out of date. Theyare, also, unprofessional. Remy de Gourmont kept on thisborder-line of semi-aristocracy, semi-Bohemia in his life and inhis work. His Paris was his own Paris; his position in letterswas unshared. He was not an independent; he was independ- ent. Consequently, isolated; consequently, strong. A haughty,solitary, pathetic figure. He was no one's disciple and leavesno disciples. His earlier tendencies inclined, no doubt, in thedirection of symbolism, with whose proselytes he identifiedhimself, a natural fluctuation on the part of a fastidious intellectsubmitted to the reaction following upon naturism (Remy deGourmont was born in 1858)—one to which youth in its disdainfor the positive and concrete frequently tends at all times—andwhose infinite? capacity for culture compensated for what hisimagination might lack in power of endurance.This peculiarity had occasion to find expression with the out- break of war, when he promptly reversed his attitude of inter- nationalist (he lost his post as librarian at the BibliothequtfNationale for having said he would not give a pinch of snufffor Alsace-Lorraine) to take position with the patriots and majority. Extract from a letter to"The Egoist," London. This Week's Performances in CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre A VIVID picture of the obstacles and stumbling-blocks in thecareer of the American musician or singer is the lifegtory of Maud Edens, the exceptional mezzo-soprano who willbe heard this week at the evening performances of the LittleThimble Theatre. Born and reared on a farm in south Texas, Miss Edens received her first vocal instruction in San Antonio,and not having sufficient funds to complete her musical educa- tion in leisure, devoting her entire time? to her schooling, shewas compelled to earn her living in various other vocations,often not shrinking from actual labor and work behind thecounter in a department store.The! offers from the vaudeville stage—and very luring ones—were refused after she had given the stage life of a "circuitactress" a short trial. "Many times I seemed almost compelledto surrender the fight for my education," said Miss Edens. "Thestage life—especially of the vaudeville musician—is not con- genial to really artistic ideals so the struggle has been harderbecause of the? failure on my part to reconcile the ideal and thereal."There is nothing substantial in the flash of the footlights—doing your turn two or three times a day, together with trainersof wild animals, and acrobats. The only real pleasure comesfrom the? opportunity to give one's own real expression. Ifind only one reward for my work and that is my own approvalof it."The program of Miss Edens includes "Nadeschda," by Goring-Thomas, and "Mighty Lak' a Rose," by Nevin.Miss Margaret Baldwin, a Vassar girl, who is devoting herlife to the interpretation of music through the terpsichoreanart, will appear this week in an exquisite program in theThimble Theatre. To give to the eye what the composer gives toour ear is her great ambtion. Her interpretation of Strauss'efs"Blue Dantfbe," awakens in us that subconscious rhythm,materializes the effusing charms of Strauss'es swaying melodyand creates in us the joy of life. Her program includes"Momentes Musicalefs," by Schubert and "Blue Danube," byStrauss.Just such people of the musical world who prefer to do for thetime being work of all kinds for a living, in order to keeptheir ideals for their chosen profession—their music, shouldbe given a chance to appear before the public to express them- selves to an audience?, to receive encouragement, or to realizethat their playing or their singing is a nice pastime for themselves,but not big enough, nor a message for the world. To relievethe financial and material struggles of artists is not the missionof the Little Thimble Theatre, but to give the self-consciousartist a chance to deliver his message or to strengthen theself-consciousness in the one whom the commercial attitude ofthe world made to lose belief in himself.Frances Sybil Robinson, another singer who will appear onthis week's program in the Little Thimble Theatre?, aims tobecome an opera singer. On account of the war she had toleave her home in England and abandon the promising careerwhich seemed opened for her in her own country. She is atpresent employed as governess in a suburb of New York. Shewill sing Thursday, Friday and Saturday, an aria from Mozart's"Nozze di Figaro," and two ballads. Miss Marguerite Glenn, from Nashville, Tennessee, is enteringupon a career as a concert singer and will have her firstNew York appearance before a public audience this week in theLittle Thimble Theatre. She prefers the old-fashioned songwith all its coquetry and the charms of by-gone-days' gallantry.Two numbers of her program are, "A Painted Butterfly," byJocelyn Noel and "Riding on a Load of Hay," by Harry Birch. The Psalm of Life After the German of Karl Ettlinger, by Guido Bruno I. AT the age of twenty-two he said to his father: "Your goodadvises are worthless. They never can suit me. Theyare saturated with mistrust against humanity, they are full ofdisappointment. But I do believe in humanity. If you madebad experiences, it is your own fault, father! I know it andI feel it: thefre is only one thing we can depend upon in thisshort life, upon the kindness of human nature. So you bettersave your good advises and let me work unmolested on thatwhich you call my own destruction!"He kissed his father, petted his cheek and thought: "Poor,dear father,—how embittered he is J"And then he went away to his friends. II. AT the age of thirty-four he said to his wife: "Surely it isgrieving that all my frieStids betrayed my confidence andgot the beftter of me. Never would I have believed it of Alex- ander. I would have given my last cent for him without hesita- tion and he deceived me for a farthing. But all this won'tmatter. Don't I have you? The love of a woman is the onlything in this undefendable world one can depend upon. Letme kiss your beautiful blue eyes I"He petted her cheek and thought: "How rich I am! Howummeasurably rich." III. AT the age of forty-five years he spoke to his French poodle:"To-day is the third anniversary that she has left us.And oh, what a dude was the man with whom she eloped! Shesurdy is very happy. How much have I loved her, and therewas nothing that I wouldn't have done for her. But perfidyseems to be an essential in the female nature. If I did not haveyou, my dear poodle, I would be all alone. You true andsincere animals are the only beings one can depend upom in thisfalse world. I love you, my little dog!"He petted the white poodle and gave him a piece of sugar. IV. AT the age of fifty-three he looked meditating at the marblehead of Apollo on his writing-desk and said: "Yester- day I saw him on the street. He, too, recognized me instantlyand jumped up on me. But soon he followed his new master and left me behind. It would be easy to clwtn him back, as hiwas stolen from me—but he loves his new master better thanme. All that they tell about the fidelity of animals is a fairytale. Only upon you, you lifeless things, can one depend. Iwonder who created you, you beautiful marble head? I wonderif he ever suffered as I did.He petted the cold marble and kissed it. V. AT the age of sixty-seven he died. It was of heart failure.Among his possessions there was found a piece of paperwith a few lines upon it. They read: "It is strange. lamstarting to believe in humanity. I feel that I shall love humanityif there are still a few more years of wishless age in store forme. To-day I saw a child which—" In the middle of his sentencedeath had surprised him.Distant relatives divided among themselves the welcome in- heritance. Only a small package was passed up by everybodyand finally thrown away. It contained: one out-lawed promis- sory note, signed by one Alexander, unknown to everybody. Awoman's lock of hair, a dog collar and the broken fragmentsof a marble figure. Ave Maria Guido Bruno S°°N the thick brown buds of the trees will open. Natureis pregnant and will give birth. The tender green andpink life will thirst for the first refreshing rain. Everythingwill bloom and send forth fragrance and live—and live.The atmosphere around me vibrates. The darkness seems tostretch into the immeasurable. And there, from there, resoundsthe echo. I feel it. With every nerve of my brain and withevery vein which leads back from the extremest finger-tips to theheart. I feel it.A grave is there with a big cold stone, and under it thedust of the warmest heart. Does it bloom there, too, sendingforth fragrance? And will the rosemaries glow again?The Mother of God in the nearby church holds her baby inher arms. She seems to smile and to be pleased with thebeautiful roses and mignonettes brought to her in her month.Mother of God, do you remember that last sigh of that redbleeding heart; you, her last thought before it died? Motherof God, did you send the fragrance and the? love throughthe night from one end of the indefinite to the other?Ora pro nobis 1 The Disciple Oscar Wilde This story of England's master teller of fables and fairy talesof the last century appeared in"The Spirit Lamp," for March,1893, a short-lived literary periodical in Oxford, edited by LordAlfred Douglas who recently denied, in his voluminous book,his master. "The Spirit Lamp" is exceedingly scarce and there isno complete set extant in America.When Narcissus died the Trees and the Flowers desired toweep for him.And the Flowers said to the Trees, "Let us go to the Riverand pray it to lend us of its waters, that we may make tearsand weep and have our fill of sorrow."So the Trees and the Flowers went to the River, and theTrees called to the River and said, "We pray thee to lend usof thy waters that we may make tears and weep and have ourfill of sorrow."And the River answered, "Surely ye may have of my watersas ye desire. But wherefore would ye turn my waters, whichare waters of laughter, into waters that are waters of pain?And why do ye seek after sorrow?"And the Flowers answered, "We seek after sorrow becauseNarcissus is dead."And when the? River heard that Narcissus was dead, itchanged from a river of water into a river of tears.And it cried out to the Trees and the Flowers and said."Though every drop of my waters is a tear, and I have changedfrom a river of water into a river of tears, and my watersthat were waters of laughter are now waters of pain, yet canI not lend ye a tear, so loved I Narcissus."And the Trees and the Flowers were silent, and after atime, the Trees answered and said, "We do not marvel thatthou should'st mourn for Narcissus in this manner, so beautifulwas he."And the River said, "But was Narcissus beautiful?"And the Trees and the Flowers answered, "Who shouldknow that better than thou? Us did he ever pass by, but theehe sought for, and would lie on thy banks and look downat thee, and in the mirror of thy waters he would mirror hisown beauty."And the River answered, "But I loved Narcissus because,as he lay on my banks and looked down at me, in the mirrorof his eyes I saw ever my own beauty mirrored. Thereforeloved I Narcissus, and therefore must I weep and have myfill of sorrow, nor can I lend thee a tear." Turtles' Eyelids By D. Molby THE first thing about turtles' eyelids is that thefy have twoseparate layers. The inside one is made to keep thesand out and yet be seen through. It is a single piece andworks from the inside corner like a sliding curtain.Not many people know it, but the human eye has a thingjust like this, only it is never drawn out. Howevet, anybodycan see it by just looking in a glass. Perhaps it would be a goodthing if it could be used, but it can't. One would suppose thatthe turtle's outer lids would not hav£ any use, but they do.They are made to sleep with.A turtle does not have any eyebrows as he is cold-bloodedand ncfver sweats, so does not need them. Not being made tolook at, especially, he has no eyelashes. This is a good thingfor it keeps him from having any stys. In a general way a turtle's eye is very much like a crocodile's.The reason people use the expression "crocodile tears," is thata crocodile does not shed many tears, and what he does shedare cold ones. "Turtle tears" would do just as well, and Ithink it should be used occasionally just for variety. Oscar Wilde—The Last Drawing from Life, Paris, very ShortlyBefore his Death Children's Hour on the Square Mr. Edison's children of the! Children's Hour have found anew patron, a rather very practical patron. While she wishesto have her incognito preserved, we do not doubt that she mustbe a mother herself; a mother who witnessed perhaps, thechildren dancing and being merry around the Diamond Disc,who saw not only the flushed cheeks and the often hilariousjoys of the quickly moving boys and girls, but thought on the"hereaftefr," when the disc shall have stopped playing and thechildren will sit around the benches of the park and chat or playbefore they go home. Pneumonia is the nursery skeleton ofefvery mother. It must give her a chill to see those over- heated little bodies sitting down, or to walk home with theperspiration of exercise on their foreheads, in the same thin coatin which they exefrcise. Only a mother could have thoughtof that particular gift which was transmitted as a Thanksgiving;offering to my garret, and will be distributed among the chil- dren of the Children's Hour on Saturday, December 4th, at3:30 in the afternoon. It is a bunch of nice warm sweaterswhich can be worn as well by the girls as by the boys and thesocial workers who have charge over the Children's Hourwill keep a good eye on sweaters and their owners so that theywill be worn henceforth " after all is over."To make this gift annonymously increases its value for thegiver and for the receivefr. Some of those children there areundoubtedly orphans. Free range is left to their imaginationand their fancy as to whence that warm gift came. To knowthat one woman among the millions of New York, is good andkind-hearted is not such a comfort to the receiver of the gift,but to think that every one that he meets and who looksat him with kind eyes may be just the one who provided forhim his Thanksgiving gift. The anonymous gift to the child,which did not emanate from a certain known society, or acertain individual who has a name, carries a great message:this world, all its inhabitants want me to be comfortable.T© be indebted to the world means to be indebted to eachof its individuals and it is just this indebtedness which makesman square and fair, which makes them brothers of theGolden Rule. Anthony Trollope Book love, my friends, is your pass to the greatest, the purest*and the most perfect pleasure that God has prepared for His creatures.It lasts when all other pleasures fade. It will support you when allother recreations are gone. It will last you until your death. Itwill atalse your hours pleasant to you as long as you live. In Our Village Antonio, the Chestnut Vender rVEN if the snow crystals which glitter somewhere highabove our planet can't quite make up their minds todescend from their heights as snow, and our afternoons lookmore like Indian Summer than early winter, the surest signof the winter's refal advent has arrived: Antonia, the venderof chestnuts, has come back to the Square. He is just asfrozen, with reddish-blue cheeks, dancing from one foot to theother, swinging his arms in order to warm his body, as last yearas the year before, and all the many years previous to that.On the corner of Thompson street and the Square, rightopposite my garret, in front of that memorial fountain whichcloses its refreshing spout, when the city gardeners wrap rosebushes and the plants of the many colored flowers of the parkcarefully in straw and cart them away . . . somewhereto sleep over the winter, Antonio has his roaster wsth amerry chimney out of which emanate from time to time, hand- warming clouds of vapor. In rhythmical intervals the littlewhistle shrills the glad tidings to the boys and girls who loiteraround him and to the passerby: "Here youl Here issomething simple for you, something that smells good and tastesgood!" Of course, you buy chestnuts. Involuntarily you fishout the pennies your newsdealer handed you back as you pur- chased your paper.Old Antonio looks very much like Garibaldi. But he toldme that he posed also as Uncle Sam and as Lincoln and asan Italian bandit and as immigrant father who hunts in themerciless streets of New York for his lost daughter, and Iknow you have seen his face somwhere in an illustrated maga- zine or in the Sunday supplement of a daily paper. Yes, he isa model. If the chestnut season closes, he stores away hisroaster right around the corner on Sullivan, in that old stableof our flower man. And then he impersonates in garrets andstudios everything and everybody they wish him to impersonate.He can't speak English, but he knows exactly what you want."Me, Napoleon!" and he takes the characteristic pose, andif you have enough imagination and you know what you wantto draw, and, you are determined to draw it . . . well, you,too, will see Napoleon.And then Antonio is so handy. For instance, your model dis- appointed you. He didn't show up, as they often do. Justrun down to Antonio's corner, buy out his stock of chestnuts—and not expensive are his wares—and he closes shop and comesup to your studio and he will pose for you and you chewchestnuts and draw.The only one who has a grudge against your bargain willbe the gentle woman who takes care of your studio, who has tosweep out the chestnut shells the next morning. Bruno's Garret Of great interest proves the exhibition of Mr. Waugh'sinsects, wild animals, women and lichens, and it will be tackedto the walls of Bruno's Garret until December sth.Bohemia, the rekl one, in Europe, and its romantic capital,Prague, is the subject of an informal talk by Guido Bruno onMonday evening at eight o'clock. You are invited to attendand will be very welcome.Mary Pyne Kemp informs mef through a messenger of peac«and delivery, that since the last issue of Bruno's Weekly she hasspent most of her time telling people who had read the' noticeabout a novel she was supposed to have written in the woodsof Connecticut, that she did not write a novel, but just a story.So, therefore, be it here stated with black type on white paper,that Mary Pyne Kemp did not write a novel, but a story.On Tuesday morning at two-thirty-eight, Djuna Barnes—sheof the gruesome war pictures and the "Book of RepulsiveWomen," was inspired by yd gods, awakened from soundslumber by the gentle kiss of her genius; she jumped out ofbed, dashed to her machine and wrote THE POEM. That isnothing out of the ordinary. It might happen to you or to mtf.But at eleven o'clock of the same day, she transacted in theoffice of Bob Davis, him the purchaser of poetry and literaturefor the Munsety publications, the deed, making the said publica- tions the happy proprietors of THE POEM. Some record!Happy land-lady!Barney Gallant recently returned from an adventurous trip toMexico which had the distinction of being press-agented byhim, is back to his old haunts in Greenwich Village. He doesnot wear boots with spurs, not a sombrero—but he tells a goodmany tales of Mexico. Books and Magazines of the Week "Trashy Novels" in Branch Library News Of course, it is a matter of opinion to call a novel or "fiction"trashy. But the article in the Branch Library News on "TrashyNovels" and the defense of "standard fiction" is highly amusing.A library should not consist entirely of books of imagination, noraltogether of books of fact: it should have both. Novels are brandedas "fiction," and are sometimes condemned without discrimination, asthough fiction meant "untruth" in a moral sense. Persons who writecarelessly about "trashy novels" imply that if a book is not a novel itis thereiore truthful and worthy of all esteem. It requires only a slightacquaintance with books to realize how utterly false and misleadingis this implication. A novel may contain as much truth as a biog- raphy, a work of philosophy or of science, or a piece of historicalwriting. Dog Days Clement Yore JT is hell when you are lonesomeIt is worse when you are blueIt is sizzling hot when you're forgotAnd realize you're through.These are the dog days pardnefrYou know just what I meanYou sit alone a worthless droneClean sore on what has been.These are the dog days sure enoughAnd you are there? todayYou sit and weep and seldom sleepBut you've learned how to pray.You've had your fun, 'tis overThe fiddler's time? is comeHe wants his pay, now every dayRise up and give him some.Where are the girls who called you dearWhere are the bright eye?d palsAll stung like you and quite as blueDarning their bacchanals.You are gouty and grim and sullenThe dogs and kids hate you'Tis sizzling hot and you're forgotAnd the hell of it is you're through. Bulletin of Chicago Art Institute A revival of the greatest event in the history of Chicago—theWorld's Columbian Exposition—emanates from the FergusonMonument Fund of the) Art Institute of Chicago.The corporation which controlled the World's Columbian t Expo- sition of 1893 did not disband as a business organization until Sep- tember, 1915. The balance of $48,000.00 which the Board of Directors hadin their treasury they presented to the Trustees of the B. F, FergusonMonument Fund, who are also Trustees of the Art Institute. Thismoney is to be used for the erection of a statue to commemorate theWorld's Fair, the statue chosen being a reproduction of the colossalstatue of "The Republic," which stood in the Court of Honor at theWorld's Columbian Exposition in 1893. It is to be of bronze, twenty- four feet in height, executed by Daniel Chester French, the sculptor ofthe original "Republic," and is to be placed ia Jackson Park on thesite of the old Administration Buildiag. "Greenwich Village" The November issue of "Greenwich Village!," which entersupon its third volume with this issue, contains a continuationof the article on the "Rise and Decline of the Cabaret: TheCabaret in New York," illustrated by many drawings, "Heine'sTestament," and a reproduction of the first page of the original. Biography of Edward MacDowell Mrs. Elizabeth Fry Page wrote a life of MacDowell, one of thefew great native composers of America, which is quite differentfrom the average biography. Mrs. Page makes us acquaintedwith MacDowell, the man, and with MacDowell, the lover ofaatare and of romance. Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno "Kenneth, did you ever in your life look at a painting—abeautiful painting which did not seem anything but insignificantto you at first? But you found that you couldn't help but lookat it and the more you looked at it the more beautiful it becameand it assumed a certain form? You looked and looked—andit brought you a message? You felt as if some very heavy bur- den you were carrying around was being taken away from youby unseen hands. And the same unseen hands would place aglorious happiness in your heart?"And your chest would expand and you would wish to begood? You would wish to do some good and some great things?And you would feel like remaining on a high hill nearer toyour Master? Nearer to the Beauty? And you would turnyour back to the picture and be another man, again desiringto communicate this message you have received to the man withthe weary face and to the woman with a tired look whom youmet on the street."Kenneth, were you ever in God's free nature? The skyover you and water, water as far as you could see? On a boatwith a lot of other people. Men dressed in blue and gray andchecked travelling suits with black derby hats or fancy trav- elling caps. Women with long coats and short coats andsteamer rugs and sweaters? The species of the everyday cattleyou see. in the showhouses and in public dining-rooms, laughingand talking and sitting quietly in easy chairs. And then amongthem all you see one—a one you have seen since your child- hood days in different disguises. It was the Fairy Godmotheras long as you wore knickerbockers. It was the Princess inyour storybooks which you found under the Christmas treeand later it was the one you dreamed about and imagined sooften, that you found her, only to be disappointed. And nowas a grownup man, who has forgotten boyish dreams, who gaveup as vain the search for the Masterpiece of Creation, you seeher standing at the railing of the highest deck."It was dark in the room but neither of the men noticed how the sun had struggled with the lake on the far, far horizon,the one of them talking with his quieting dreamy voice, theother intently listening. An expression of pain came over Ken- neth's face as he looked through the dusk at Courtland. Astrange soft feeling came over him. He remembered how thedear friend of his boyhood had once sat similarly opposite himin a dark room— years ago in the twilight, and he was thespokesman. Both were young. Both had hopes and ambitions,arid Keneth had a sister. His friend, Courtland, loved her. Allthe tender feelings came back to him as he recalled the hourin which he had to tell the friend the sad message which shat- tered his life hopes for happiness. The sister had forgottenthe woes of love. She had forgotten the man who was livingto devote his life to her and she had gone to a far-off countrywith another man whom she preferred.As today, they were sitting in a dark room, silent after theword was spoken. _ Never again was the unhappy incident men- tioned. Never again had they talked about Woman or Love orHappiness out side of the one Joy they found in their Lifework."Coutrlarid," he spoke softly. It sounded almsot reverently."Are you in love ?"There was no answer. The little clock in the raised arm ofthe bronze statue on top of the bookcase ticked monotonously.Kenneth waited. Minutes seemed hours. His friend did notspeak. Finally he arose, pushed his chair behind him nervously."Where is your electric light button, Courtland ?"The spell was broken. The room seemed no longer quiet.Low voices in the next room were clearly distinguished. Fromanother direction sounded the monotonous clatter of instru- ments boiling in a kettle.'It is quite late," said Kenneth a little nervously. "I didn'tintend to stay so long. Will you dine at the club tonight orwill you take dinner at home?"Courtland was sitting in his chair. He also got up. Hefumbled for the light button. Soft light streamed from underthe red-silk shade and filtered through the room."Did you say something?" asked Courtland. "You must par- don me. I was thinking—thinking and I forgot I was notalone. No, I'll not dine at the club. I shall take a walk to aquaint little restaurant in a very unfashionable street. Theyserve the meals on little marble tables and use one knife andone fork for four courses. The waiter will tell you what heconsiders best and recommends for tonight and will bring youa bottle of wine without waiting for your choice because it isa part of the dinner. Richard Wagner—Egoist By Guido Bruno WAGNER hated Jews. He said so whenever anyone wasready to listen to his explanations. He wrote it wheneverhe had the opportunity.It is a curious incident that he thanks his career and introduc- tion to personages who helped him gain recognition during hislife and even the suggestion of some if his most importantoperas to Jews. The first woman he ever loved was a Jewess.The man who, at his arrival in London, helped him straightenout his passport troubles, was a Jew.The family which gave him letters of introduction to Meyer- beer, after he had met them by chance in Boulogne, was Jewish.A cousin of this family who resided in Paris procured quartersfor Wagner and his wife at a time of distress and when he hadno other friends.It was the Jew, Maurice Schlesinger, the great music pub- lisher and proprietor of the Gazette Musicale who gave himemployment in Paris, loaned him money and helped him in hishardest years.The Jew, Heinrich Heine, suggested to him the story of theFlying Dutchman as the mystic, fascinating material for adrama and an opera.was ungrateful.After he had succeeded in the eyes of the world, after hewas received by kings and princes and he had money and wasliving in luxury, he denied admittance to his old friends.Vainly his old friend, August Roeckel, discharged from prisonafter a confinement of nearly twenty years, appealed to hisgenerosity. Indignantly Wagner refused to help the old musicianand revolutionist.He separated from his wife who had shared struggles andhardships with him.But he gave Germany its national grand opera.What he had dreamed came true.He had produced the great "music of the future."His works were worshipped in the sanctum of the nation isBayreuth.He had money.He lived in luxury.He was worshipped.Wagner is the one egoist of the world who: had the right tobe egoistic, who never had weak moments, who was true tohimself and whose works won his self worshipped Ego the de- votion of the world. READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS52 Issues One Dollar Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Brnno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsMonday,3 p. m.Wednesday, 2:l§ p. m.Thursday,3 p. m.Friday,8:15 p. m.8:15 p. m,Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.A little Pilgrimage to the homeand workshop or StephenCollins Foster.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage of the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down upon the Swan««River,'* "My Old Kentucky Home,""Old Folks at Home." Do youknow that they were created andwritten by Stephen Collins Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?Come to the Matinee on Monday or Thursday at 3 P. M.