Bruno's Weekly 3 18 October 18th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-10-18_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 18 FRANK HARRIS By John Duncan Ferguson Illustration 1 La La Chatter, chatter, chatter Tom Sleeper cre 3 Anatole France: the Parisian George Brandes cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 3-5 Anatole France as a boy Illustration 4 Anatole France by Steinlen Illustration 4 Anatole France in his library Illustration 5 An autograph letter by Anatole France Illustration 5 I Can't Sell Umbrellas 5-6 Significant Facts of American Literature Set Down in the Consecutive Order of their Significance 6 Two Tales by N. Shebouev Translated from the Russian by Mark Weinbaum cre 6 A Guardian Angel Ed. Hayes cre 6 War-Toll Thompson H. Rich cre 7 The Book of Bargains III.—The Business of Madame Jahn Vincent O'Sullivan cre 7-9 Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings (Theatrical Criticism) Momus cre 10-11 Untitled Image Illustration 10 IN GRATIAM: Our Chorus Girls G. B cre 11-12 Kitty Astra, one of the Stars that shines in the chorus of "The Girl from Brazil." She was born in England, spent her childhood in India and appeared in musical comedies in Paris and in many cities in France and Belgium. Her ambition is to become a solitary star in the musical comedy firmament. Illustration 11 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-13 The Dead E. C. Beckwith cre 13 At the State Fair Vinçent Starrett cre 13 A Brevoort philosopher and sage of the Village Illustration 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUARETen Cents October 18th 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, October 18th, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Bruno; but that permission maybe assumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. To You Gentle Readers&gt; ■ 9Q WING to the fact that American raw material is placed at the disposal of foreign manu- facturers, the cost of paper and printers ink increased during the last year two andthree times their original prices.The paper upon which Bruno's Weekly was printed could be had only a year ago at twoto three cents per pound.'The price today is six cents and one-half per pound.All other raw material, especially the metal used for the composition work and the actuallabor of the printer increased similarly.The publishers of an individual magazine who have to depend upon the money derivedfrom their sales, which is almost the only means of maintenance, must either increase theirsale prices or stop publication.The cost of selling and displaying a magazine is another sad item upon every publisher'sledger.Therefore Bruno's Weekly, will sell, starting with its current issue, at ten cents per copy.The subscription price will remain two dollars per year, until further notice. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited hj Guide Bran© in His Garret on. Washington Square No. 18 OCTOBER 18th MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916, by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.;*Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of March3rd, 1897. FRANK HARRIS By John Duncan Ferguson La La Chatter, chatter, chatter Tom Sleeper THE busy tongues spin webs of scandal—odd bits oflaughter, knowing winks—earnest "too bads"—frag- ments of a resurrected past, all woven artfully to give amoment's pleasure to the weavers.And the girl, the motive of their pattern—what of her?She faces them defiant for a time. Then frightened andunstrung, draws gradually within herself. Friends drop away—her house grows dark. At last, in bitterness she quits thetown, and tries to lose herself in the turmoil and rush ofcities."Ah! what did we tell you," the weavers cry. "Her motherwent that way before her—wait, just wait."Bit by bit they carry their tapestry of lies into the city.She begins to meet questioning looks—a little coolness here—a practised insult there. /Men treat her boldly. She seesthe snares with reddening eyes. Long days and weary nightsare hers. Prayer and religion fail her. Books bring onlyfleeting solace. Exasperated—nervous—at bay—she plungesinto the social whirl. An act of impulse—a false step—then—down—down—down3—Chatter, chatter, chatter. Anatole France: the Parisian By George Brandes Translated by Guido Bruno. Anatole France as a boy Anatole France by Steinlen Anatole France in his library An autograph letter by Anatole France ANATOLE FRANCE is far from being young but his fameis of rather recent origin. He was seventy-two yearsold on the 16th. of April but it is only twenty-three yearssince his countrymen became interested in his writings andin his books, since he has become the celebrated author ofhis .country.As a very young men he started to write literary andhistorical essays and poems best characterized if they arecalled "nice";-he was thirty-seven years old when he attractedfor the first time public attention through his story "Le Crimede Sylvester Bonnard," and it was not before the year1892-93 that he proved his originality.That he remained so long unknown to wider circles isexplained in the slow process of his self-evolution, in thelong, time it took him to discover his own individuality; helacked the courage to be wholely himself and he needed en- couragement from others.And then there were the great authors of descriptiveliterature in the limelight who have departed since; story- tellers like Maupassant, Daudet, Zola; other geniuses likeBourget and Huysman turned to clericalism, men like JulesLe Maitre to nationalism, other gifted men as Hervieudirected their activities towards the theater. And then thegreat master of style had departed, Ernest Renan, who hadleft France his heir. Only after this fine doubter andenthusiastic saint of thoughts had laid aside his pen forever, and not before the renowned and celebrated authors of booksthat had created sensations in the 90's had expired, came theopportune time for Anatole France.Those other Frenchmen had come originally from theprovinces: Daudet and Zola from Provence, Maupassant fromNormandie, Renan from Bretaigne, Hervieu from Neuilly,Bourget from Amiens, Huysman was of Dutch origin. Franceis a born Parisian and he possesses every merit and everycharacteristic of a Parisian.His master Renan became a Parisian after he had reachedthe eve of his life,' after he had discarded the peculiarities ofthe Bretaigne, after he had ceased to be the pupil of Ger- many. France was from his very start a Parisian.The light and air of Paris were his original elements, theGardens of Luxembourg were for him the nature of France,the street was his educational institution. As a child he hadwatched in the Quartier Latin girls deliver milk and workmencall at the doors of everybody. And he knows better perhapsthan any other living writer the little tradesman and artisanof Paris.The show-windows of stationers and paper-dealers withtheir many-coloured pictures attracted his attention and hereceived his first reading lesson from the poor "flying" book- dealers on the banks of the Seine, in whose boxes he usedto rummage if they did not look.He himself was the son of such a poor book-dealer orperhaps of only an assistant to one. He was born in a book- shop, educated among old and wise books: amid themysterious memories of a life that does not exist any more.Here he learned how short-lived our existence is, how littlethere is left of the work of a generation. His early reflec- tions here in these surroundings are responsible for the leit- motif of his books: their sadness, gentleness and pity.It is really extraordinary to think of the many small book- shops he described in Paris and outside of Paris, the booksthat were on their shelves the visitors that frequented them,and the conversations that took place among these old-Toms.Again and again he stopped while passing these good "flying"book-dealers on the banks of the Seine, stopped long enoughto pity their miserable existence, to feel with them the frostand rain while they were standing in front of their stallsexposed to bad weather on the lookout for customers,examining and buying books, but only seldom selling any.And so he became their good patron and their guardianangel they see in him today.No one among present-day Frenchmen seems to us soreally French as Anatole France; he seems to combine inhimself the entire tradition of French story-tellers who everlived in France, of those of the Middle Ages; from Montaigneto Voltaire; and we do not think it strange that lie audaciouslyadopted the name of his country instead of the one his fatherhad left him. But France had also been the first name of hisfather, of the modest bookdealer France Thibaut. For.thesmall people of the street where he resided the, Allee VillaSaid, he is not France. The small men of that neighborhoodcalled him "Monsieur Anatole." The streets along the banks of the Seine live vividly in hismemory. Somewhere he says:"I grew up on these banks,among the books of simple and humble people; they are nowmy only memory of my early life. Some day, after I shallhave left this valley of sorrow, it will be as if they never hadexisted."Somewhere else in one of his books he calls these streetsnear the Seine "the adopted country of all humans withbrains and with taste."In a third place he says:"I grew up in surroundings whereold books blended with the landscape. The Seine delightedme I admired the river which in daylight was mir- roring the heavens and carrying boats and which covered it- self in the night with precious stones and with shiningflowers. A friend of books he was and remained one till today. Thereader of France's books is amazed above all by his extra- ordinary literary education and by the quality of this educa- tion, unusual for a poet and a writer of novels. Frenchauthors as we know them are unscholarly, with a distinc- tive French education, as it is gathered by the graduates ofnormal schools whose knowledge is a one-sided classical one,and then scholars whose education is European. But Francepossesses a rich and full education gotten in a Europe fromwhich the Germanic peoples are excluded. He knows noEnglish and no German and that is the chief contrast be- tween his and Renan's education. But we do not miss it inhim as we do miss it in others.Renan was an oriental philologist; Semitic languages werehis field; German science had nourished his brains. Francehas a thorough knowledge of Latin and Greek antiquities,but he also knows well the Latin and Italian literature of theMiddle Ages. "I am nourishing,'' he says somewhere, "adesperate love in my Latin studies. Without this I cannotsee the beauty of French genius. We are Latins. The milkof the Wolverine is the best part of our blood."He became especially well acquainted with the period ofthe revolt in which Christendom and Heathendom foughtbattles in the antique souls; he knew well the entire world ofChristian legends; he knows how to relate these legends witha winning sincerity and with a well-secreted irony. He is ascholar of Italian and especially French history of the ancienttimes, from Caesar up to the 18th century; it came to life in"Reine Pedauque." Very often his art is occupied with religious moods andconditions and here we find the sharpest contrast with Renan.While Renan's disposition was always religiously inclined,his expression often unctious, France remains while treatinghis religious themes, in spite of his seeming reverance, deepin his heart as sober as Voltaire.To pictures from ancient times he added, during recentyears, pictures from the France o1 today. He embellishedthem with portraits of people who only a short time ago werein the limelight of publicity, as for instance of Verlaine or ofEsterhazy.But it isn't the modern life that possesses his poetical andpersonal preferance. One day while a visitor to whom hehad shown his books seemed amazed to find very few modernor recently published books among them, France remarked:"I have no modern books and I do not keep those I receive;I'm in the habit of sending them to a friend in the country."(The friend in the country, most likely, is one of those littlekeepers of book-stores on the banks of the Seine whomFrance knows so well and as it is the French custom amongthe book reviewers.)"But don't you care at all to know them?""My contemporaries? No; for what they could tell me Iknow just as well myself. I learn more from Petronius thanfrom Mendes."Therefore France followed, most likely, only the call of necessity when he consented to act as a critic of his confrere- authors and write about their work regularly in feuilltonsin the Temps. But the four volumes in which these articlesof his are collected are highly amazing. France declareshere, from start to finish, that a critic can never write tech- nical criticism but only personal impressions; that he nevercould portray anything else but himself; and that thereforewhenever the critic spoke of Horace or Shakespeare he onlyspoke about himself because of Horace or of Shakespeare.France always spoke about himself: "I hope that every- body thinks of himself whenever I speak about myself."France as a critic related always his own personal impres- sions and liked to tell little stories, mostly incidents from hischildhood or early youth, illustrating or commenting uponthese impressions of his. He was not a critic in the severemeaning of the word and after his books had started to sellwell he gave up writing criticisms. But notwithstanding this,his expressions in these four volumes are highly character- istic of his personality, disclosing his brilliant mind, hislimitations and his prejudices ..... prejudices that he butslowly overcame. The friend to whom France had answered: "I have nomodern books in my house," asked smilingly, "Not even yourown ?" "No," answered France, "what one builds himself . . .even be it a palace . . . grows so well known to one's eyeand senses that it is unbearable even to look at it. I couldnot endure to hold my own books in my hands. What shouldI do with them?""Avoid repetitions."8* "That is the reason I am repeating myself constantly,"answered France, and that is true .... it is one of the favourite sins of this author. Only too often the samethought returns with almost the identical words. Often herepeats himself from one book to another and for page afterpage.A very true self-portrait France created in the person ofthe sculptor in his "Red Lily." One realizes how true it iswhen reading the answer of the sculptor to Madame Martin-Belleme: "I never look at one of my own works, I never sawagain any of my statues or busts. How could you think Icould take any pleasure to live among my own creations?I know them so well . ~ . they would bore me." ThatFrance paints himself in the sculptor Dechartres is almostacknowledged if he lets him continue: "Even if I havemodelled a few bad figures I am not a sculptor. But theremight be a good deal of the poet and philosopher in me." I Can't Sell Umbrellas HrxO you know Juan de la Roca?"U "We were friends. Many years ago . . . That's tosay, when he was poor.""I'll introduce you. He is wealthy now.""Then he won't want to know me."And so it was. At first he refused to"know" me, but hewas civil; he carried a heavy cane, and he offered me amodest cigarette which I declined like an aristocrat. Hestruck me as being a timid man, for he trembled while hetalked and trembled about everything, as if he suffered fromthe mania of persecution. He tried to prove to me that hehimself hadn't gained his wealth but that he had been richeven before his birth. On hearing such a life I felt outragedand wished to offend him; so, keeping an eye on his strongstick, I said:"I knew you when you were selling umbrellas on the CalleVictoria. Do you recollect? One evening you begged me togive you a dollar. I couldn't do it. I didn't have any either.I was so poor! As poor as you."I waited for a blow from the cane, but no, the caneremained motionless."It is true, I sold umbrellas," he answered slowly. "Bythis I became rich.""That's just it! Therefore do not insult your forefathers.If you are rich you must be so through your own work, yourwill power, your fate, your tricks, or your honesty; notthrough-your forefathers. Do you think it is more creditableto be rich through one's parents than one's self?""No. But people mistrust those who become rich withouthaving inherited.''"And what should I do to get rich, having no one fromwhom to inherit?""Sell umbrellas.""Very true. It hadn't occurred to me. But I lack theintellectual faculties which are necessary for this trade.""The better off you'll be; consequently you shall not sufferas I do.""You, suffer?""Tremendously. As I go about sad and thoughtful everyone believes that I suffer from the remorse of having com- mitted the "crime" which made me wealthy, and they don'tknow that this crime is to have sold umbrellas on the Plaza deMayo. To avoid the suspicion that I have stolen what I haveearned with my umbrellas, I attribute my wealth to my grandfathers ... I force people into saying of me: 'Poorman! He has been rich all his life. He doesn't know thevalue of money. He doesn't know how to enjoy himself.'""What is the cause of your sadness? Are you ill?""No, sir. I suffer from no sickness. The doctors haveexamined me thoroughly; lam perfectly sound.* However,I am dying like one in agony. I cry like a child. I shakelike a criminal about to be executed.""Some disappointment in love?""With half a million dollars to one's name, no womanundeceives us. My sadness originates from my fear of death.It horrifies me to think I must become a skeleton. My bedseems to me a coffin. I light a candle and I think it is oneof the "six" which will be consumed on my death watch.When I was poor my desire to be rich fooled me into believ- ing that life with money was a different life. After so muchwork, so much hankering, so much suffering, I attain riches.And what for? To become convinced that I must die likedogs and men die . . . Therefore, if it is to die that we work,of what use to us is our ambition, our dreams, our hearts,our livers? Oh! my hair rises up on end when I think ofdeath . . . All my friends die. When will I die? Tomorrow?In a month? In a year?"A few days later Juan de la Roca shot himself. His fare- well was condensed into this phrase: "I kill myself becauseI fear to die."He didn't remember me in his will; he didn't leave meeven a penny. Bad friend! He didn't feel compassion formy inability to sell umbrellas—cursed inability which willforbid me the pleasure of bequeathing half a million dollarsto my son."Sell umbrellas!" the spirit of Don Juan whispers to mefrom the Chacarita."It is no use," I reply. "I wasn't born to sell umbrellas."From the Spanish of J. /. de Soiza Reillyßy Renee Lacoste Significant Facts of American Literature Set Down in the Consecutive Order of their Significance I. The name of Jones Very remains unknown to his educatedcountrymen generally. II. Edgar Allan Poe died in the hospital of a Baltimore alms- house. III. Walt Whitman was dismissed from the service of theUnited States government because he wrote "Leaves ofGrass." IV. The New York Society for the Suppression of Vice con- fiscated "The Genius" by Theodore Dreiser. V. Hamilton Wright Mabie flourishes like a green bay tree.Alexander Harvey in his "Bang" Two Tales by N. Shebouev Translated from the Russian by Mark Weinbaum He, She, and All THEY entered the hall arm in arm.He thought:"Every one in the hall envies me. All admire her charm- ing little head. The majority of men who are present areanxious to take her away from me and keep her as their mistress. And many would even offer her a legal marriage."She thought:"Every one in the hall pities me. All admire my charminglittle head. The majority of ladies say about me:Such a little fool! She could have been the mistress of anyrich man she desired. She could become the wife of acount, or a duke. But instead she entangled herself with apoet who cannot even dress her properly."All thought:"What a pretty little head she has! But is it possible thathe does not, notice how immensely silly and uneducated sheis? Almost every woman here would feel happy to be hismistress. By what means did she bribe him! Her every wordis an impersonation of triviality! She exposes him every- where!"They pitied him. They envied her. The Head 44'TnHINK what you say! . . . You lost your head al- -1 together ... !""Ah, if I had twenty heads I would lose them all to thelast one in that moment . . . But why does a lover need ahead? ... I offer to you my hand and heart, but not myhead.""You are right," said she laughing, "no lover offers hishead and heart because he has no head at such amoment ...""And wherefore de wo really need a head? Love is notcricket where balls are required . ."That's right! Love is not cricket, but another game . . .""Oh! it is an entirely different game" replied I."Love is a football game ... But is it possible to play itwithout a ball!""But why do you want that your partners should hurl theirboots just at my head. Can't you use for that purpose someone else's head . . . ?"She blushed angrily."But who told you what I want? I don't want anything!Do I propose to you or you to me? You are the one whowants to be known as the master of a football game . ."Yes, you are right. It is I who dream of the happinessof being a ball in your football game . . A Guardian Angel Ed. Hayes I HAD a dream the other night and I thought myguardian angel left me and flew to the great whitethrone where God sat.And God said, how is it with our friend on Earth?And the angel said it goes badly; he loves a girl andwants her.And God said well let him have her, then children ofmen want a lot of things! But my angel said, Oh noLord, then we will lose two Souls and the devil has beenvery successful of late and we can't afford to lose manymore. What shall I do? And I thought I saw God leanover and whisper in my angel's ear—l awoke restlessand still thinking of my love for the girl.Then an odd thing happened. I felt my love expandand grow. I felt I loved her sisters and her friends andthen all mankind and I became full of the joy of life andI arose and went about my work cheerfully. War-Toll By Thompson H. Rich The Whole FORTUNE has smiled upon them; they have facedThe cruel fire unhurt; bullets have smashedAnd cut and killed around them, have erasedLife after life—but left them there, abashed.Schrapnel has shrieked above them, burst and flayed them;Thunder has roared beneath them, ripped and torn;Night has not given them any rest to aid them—Weary and tired and taunt, they wait forlorn.Week after week they face the roaring shambles;Month after month they front the yawning hell.Ever it's: "'Ere, 'e's 'it! See 'owe scrambles!"Each foot of trench marks where some hero fell.Helpless, they stand and face the helpless foe—Waiting till Death shall deal the assassin blow. The Wounded MOANING in bitter anguish, they're brought back,Broken and torn and crushed in every limb,Butchered and bent and battered on the rackOf vain, impetuous War. What requiemThose piteous moans send piercing to the skies!All Europe pales and closes up her ears;The whole unhappy Earth looks on and sighs,And though she says it not, she fears—she fears.Ah, and so brave, so zealous for a cause,So keen to pour out their blood's precious redFor Freedom's sake. Before such warmth one awes,One wonders if for naught have died their dead.But then—a look upon the ghastly sight,And Hope is swallowed up in utter night. The Missing A MUDDY ditch, perhaps, or some dank fieldFosters their ruined bodies; or they rotUnder a crumbled fort, their dust congealedWith coarser dust, not knowing time and notAware of the green grass that grows above them,Silent to all the changes of the years Unconscious that the sorrowing hearts that love themHave long since learned the uselessness of tears.Or else, half-mad, they wander on alone,Country and home and name alike rubbed out,Wondering where all the happy days have flown,Lost in a maze of agony and doubt—Cursing and praying with a single breath,Wishing not anything at all but Death. The Dead TpHESE have passed by.; to them some worthier paves1 Are given to walk on; they've no more to treadThis world of reeking blood and children's graves—This rankling, raucous temple of the dead,Where love and all the nobler feelings wane.They've fought quite valiantly the futile fight!Loser's? It matters not the loss or gain Silence is theirs, and the eternal Night.And theirs the kingdom of the pure, high Stars:Purged of all sin, all evil washed away,They dwell in Paradise, no wounds, no scars-—None of the little pains of yesterday.Earth has not anything so fine to giveTo they who still must battle on and live. The Book of Bargains III.—The Business of Madame Jahn By Vincent O'Sullivan HOW we all stared, how frightened we all were, how wepassed opinions, on that morning when GustaveHerbout was found swinging by the neck from the ceiling ofhis bedroom! The whole Faubourg, even the ancient folkwho had not felt a street under them for years, turned outand stood gaping at the house with amazement and loudconjecture. For why should Gustave Herbout, of all men,take to the rope? Only last week he had inherited all themoney of his aunt, Madame Jahn, together with her houseand the shop with the five assistants, and life looked fairenough for him. No; clearly it was not wise of Gustave tohang himself!Besides, his aunt's death had happened at a time whenGustave was in sore straits for money. To be sure, he hadhis salary from the bank in which he worked; but what is amere salary to one who (like Gustave) threw off the clerklyhabit when working hours were over, to assume the dressand lounge of the accustomed boulevardier: while he wouldrelate 4o obsequious friends vague but satisfactory stories ofa Russian Prince who was his uncle, and of an extremelyrich English lady to whose death he looked forward withhope. Alas! with a clerk's salary one cannot make much ofa figure in Paris. It took all of that, and more, to maintainthe renown he had gained amongst his acquaintance of hav- ing to his own a certain little lady with yellow hair, who danced divinely. So he was forced to depend on the presentswhich Madame Jahn gave him from to time to time; and forthose presents he had to pay his aunt a most sedulous andirksome attention. At times, when he was almost sick fromhis craving for the boulevard, the cafe, the theatre, he wouldhave to repair, as the day grew to an end, to our Faubourg,and the house behind the shop, where he would sit to an old- fashioned supper with his aunt, and listen with a sort of dullimpatience while she asked him when he had last been atConfession, and told him long, dreary stories of his deadfather and mother. Punctually at nine o'clock the deafservant, who was the only person besides Madame Jahn thatlived in the house, would let in the fat old priest, who camsfor his game of dominoes, and betake herself to bed. Thenthe dominoes would begin, and with them the old man'sprattle, which Gustave knew so well: about his daily work,about the uselessness of all things here on earth, and thehappiness and glory of the Kingdom of Heaven: and, ofcourse, our boulevardier noticed, with the usual cheap sneerof the modern, that whilst the priest talked of the Kingdomof Heaven, he yet shewed the greatest anxiety if he hadsymptoms of a cold, or any other petty malady. However,Gustave would sit there, with a hypocrite's grin and inwardlyraging, till the clock chimed eleven. At that hour MadameJahn would rise, and, if she was pleased with her nephew,would go over to her writing-desk and give him, with a rather pretty air of concealment from the priest, perhaps fifty or ahundred francs. Whereupon Gustave would bid her amanifestly affectionate good-night! and depart in the com- pany of the priest. As soon as he could get rid of the priest,he would hasten to his favourite cafes, to discover that allthe people seeing had long since grown tired of waiting, andhad departed on their own affairs. The money, indeed, was akind of consolation; but then there were nights when he didnot get a sou. Ah! they amuse themselves in Paris, but notin this way—this is not amusing..One cannot live a proper life upon a salary, and an oc- casional gift of fifty or a hundred francs. And it is notentertaining to tell men that your uncle, the Prince at Mos- cow, is in sorry case, and even now lies a-dying, or that therich English lady is in the grip of a vile consumption and ismomently expected to succumb, if these men only shove uptheir shoulders, wink at one another, and continue to presenttheir bills. Further, the little Mademoiselle, with yellow hair,had lately shewn signs of a very pretty temper, because herusual flowers and bon-bons were not apparent. So, sincethings were come to this dismal pass, Gustave fell to attend- ing the race-meetings at Chantilly. During the first weekGustave won largely, for that is sometimes the way withignorant men: during that week, too, the little Mademoisellewas charming, for she -had her bouquets and boxes of bon- bons. But the next week Gustave lost heavily, for that isalso very often the way with ignorant men: and he wasthrown into the blackest despair, when one night at a placewhere he was used to sup, Mademoiselle took the arm of agreat fellow, whom he much suspected to be a German, andtossed him a little scornful nod, as she went off.On the evening after this had happened, he was standing,between five and six o'clock, in the Place de la Madeleine,blowing on his fingers and trying to plan his next move, whenhe heard his name called by a familiar voice, and turned toface his aunt's adviser, the priest."Ah! Gustave, my friend, I have just been to see a col- league of mine here!'' cried the old man, pointing to the greatchurch. "And are you going to your good aunt to-night?"he added, with a look at Gustave's neat dress.Gustave was in a flame that the priest should have detectedhim in his gay clothes, for he always made a point of appear- ing at Madame Jahn's clad staidly in black; but he answeredpleasantly enough."No, my Father, I'm afraid I can't to-night. You see I'ma little behind with my office-work, and I have to stay at homeand catch up.""Well! well!" said the priest, with half a sigh, "I supposeyoung men will always be the same. I myself can only bewith her till nine o'clock to-night, because I must see a sickparishioner. But let me give you one bit of advice, myfriend," he went on, taking hold of a button on Gustave'scoat: "don't neglect your aunt; for, mark my words, one dayeverything of Madame Jahn's will be yours!" And theomnibus he was waiting for happening to swing by at thatmoment, he departed without another word.Gustave strolled along the Boulevard des Capucines in astudy. Yes; it was certain that the house, and the shop withthe five assistants, would one day be his; for the priest knewall his aunt's affairs. But how soon would they be his?Madame Jahn was now hardly sixty; her mother had livedto be ninety; when she was ninety he would be —. And meanwhile, what about the numerous bills; what (above all!)about the little4ady with yellow hair? He paused and struckhis heel on the pavement with such force, that two menpassing nudged one another and smiled. Then he madecertain purchases, and set about wasting time till nineo'clock.It is curious to consider, that although when he startedout at nine o'clock, Gustave was perfectly clear as to whathe meant to do, yet he was chiefly troubled by the fear thatthe priest had told his aunt about his fine clothes. But whenhe had passed through the deserted Faubourg, and had cometo the house behind the shop, he found his aunt only verypleased to see him, and a little surprised. So he sat withher, and listened to her gentle, homely stories, and told liesabout himself and his manner of life, till the clock struckeleven. Then he rose, and Madame Jahn rose too, and wentto her writing-desk and opened a small drawer."You have been very kind to a lonely old woman to-night,my Gustave," said Madame Jahn, smiling."How sweet of you to say that, dearest aunt!" repliedGustave. He went over and passed his arm caressinglyacross her shoulders, and stabbed her in the heart.For a full five minutes after the murder he stood still; asmen often do in a great crisis when they know that anymovement means decisive action. Then he started, laid holdof his hat, and made for the door. But there the stingingknowledge of his crime came to him for the first time; andhe turned back into the room. Madame Jahn's bedroomcandle was on a table: he lit it, and passed through a doorwhich led from the house into the shop. Crouching belowthe counters covered with white sheets, lest a streak of lightofn the windows might attract the observation of somepassenger, he proceeded to a side entrance to the shop, un- barred and unlocked the door, and put the key in his pocket.Then, in the same crouching way, he returned to the room,and started to ransack the small drawer. The notes he scat- tered about the floor; but two small bags of coin went intohis coat. Then he took the candle and dropped some waxon the face and hands and dress of the corpse; he spilt wax,too, over the carpet, and then he broke the candle and groundit under his foot. He even tore with long nervous fingers atthe dead woman's bodice till her breasts lay exposed; andplucked out a handful of her hair and threw it on the floorto stick to the wax. When all these things had been ac- complished, he went to the house door and listened. TheFaubourg is always very quiet about twelve o'clock, and asingle footstep falls on the night with a great sound. Hecould not hear the least noise: so he darted out and ranlightly till he came to a turning. There he fell into asauntering walk, lit a cigarette, and hailing a passing fiacre,directed the man to drive to the Pont Saint-Michel. At thebridge he alighted, and noting that he was not eyed, he threwthe key of the shop into the river. Then assuming the swaggerand assurance of a half-drunken man, he marched up theBoulevard and entered the Cafe d'Harcourt.The place was filled with the usual crowd of men andwomen of the Quartier Latin. Gustave looked round, andobserving a young student with a flushed face who was talk- ing eagerly about the rights of man, he sat down by him. Itwas his part to act quickly: so before the student had quitefinished a sentence for his ear, the murderer gave him thelie. The student, however, was not so ready for a fight as Gustave had supposed; and when he began to argue again,Gustave seized a glass full of brandy and water and threwthe stuff in his face. Then indeed there was a row, till thegendarmes interfered, and haled Gustave to the station. Atthe police-station he bitterly lamented his misdeed, which heattributed to an extra glass of absinthe, and he begged theauthorities to carry word of his plight to his good aunt,Madame Jahn, in our Faubourg. So to the house behind theshop they went, and there they found her—sitting with herbreasts hanging out, her poor head clotted with blood, and aknife in her heart.The next morning, Gustave was set free. A man andwoman, two of the five assistants in the shop, had beencharged with the murder. The woman had been severelyreprimanded by Madame Jahn on the day before, and theman was known to be the girl's paramour. It was the dutyof the man to close at night all the entrances into the shop,save the main entrance, which was closed by Madame Jahnand her deaf servant: and the police had formed a theory(worked out with the amazing zeal and skill which cause theParis police so often to overreach themselves!) that the manhad failed to bolt one of the side doors, and had, by subtilty,got possession of the key, whereby he and his accomplicere-entered the place about midnight. Working on this theory,the police had woven a web round the two unfortunates withthreads of steel; and there was little doubt, that both of themwould stretch their necks under the guillotine, with fullconsent of press and public. At least, this was Gustave'sopinion; and Gustave's opinion now went for a great deal inthe Faubourg. Of course there were a few who murmured,that it was a good thing poor Madame Jahn had not lived tosee her nephew arrested for a drunken brawler; but with fullremembrance of who owned the house and shop, we weremost of us inclined to say, after the priest: That if the braveGustave had been with his aunt, the shocking affair couldnever have occurred. And, indeed, what had we more inspir- ing than the inconsolable grief he shewed? Why! on the dayof the funeral, when he heard the earth clatter down on thecoffin-lid in Pere la Chaise, he even swooned to the ground,and had to be carried out of the midst of the mourners. "Oh,yes," (quoth the gossips), "Gustave Herbout loved his auntpassing well!"On the night after the funeral, Gustave was sitting alonebefore the fire in Madame Jahn's room, smoking and makinghis plans. He thought, that when all this wretched mockgrief and pretence of decorum was over, he would again visitthe cafes which he greatly savoured, and the little Made- moiselle with yellow hair would once more smile on himdelicious smiles,, with a gleaming regard. Thus he was think- ing when the clock on the mantel-piece tinkled eleven; andat that moment a very singular thing happened. The doorwas suddenly opened: a girl came in, walked straight over tothe writing-desk, pulled out the small drawer, and then satstaring at the man by the fire. She was distinctly beautiful;although there was a certain old-fashionedness in her peculiarsilken dress, and the manner of wearing her hair. Not oncedid it occur to Gustave, as he gazed in terror, that he wasgazing on a mortal woman: the doors were too well boltedto allow any one from outside to enter, and besides, therewas a strange baffling familiarity in the face and mien of theintruder. It might have been an hour that he sat there; andthen, the silence becoming too horrible, by a supreme effort of his wonderful courage he rushed out of the room and up- stairs to get his hat. There in his murdered aunt's bedroom,-—there, smiling at him from the wall—was a vivid present- ment of the dread vision that sat below: a portrait of MadameJahn as a young girl. He fled into the street, and walked,perhaps two miles, before he thought at all. But when hedid think, he found that he was drawn against his will backto the house to see if It was still there: just as the policehere believe a murderer is drawn to the Morgue to view thebody of his victim. Yes; the girl was there still, with hergreat reproachless eyes; and throughout solemn nightGustave, haggard and mute, sat glaring at her. Towardsdawn he fell into an uneasy doze; and when he awoke witha scream, he found that the girl was gone.At noon the next day, Gustave, heartened by severalglasses of brandy, and cheered by the sunshine in theChamps-Ely sees, endeavoured to make light of the affair.He would gladly have arranged not to go back to the house:but then people would talk so much, and he could not affordto lose any custom out of the shop. Moreover,, the wholematter was only an hallucination—the effect of jaded nerves.He dined well, and went to see a musical comedy; and socontrived, that he did not return to the house till after twoo'clock. There was some one waiting for him, sitting at thedesk with the small drawer open: not the girl of last night,but a somewhat older woman—and the same reproachlesseyes. So great was the fascination of those eyes, that, al- though he left the house at once, with an iron resolution notto go back, he found himself drawn under them again, andhe sat through the night before, sobbing and stupidly glaring.And all day long he crouched by the fire shuddering; and allthe night till eleven o'clock; and then a figure of his auntcame to him again, but always a little older and morewithered. And this went on for five days; the figure that satwith him becoming older and older as the days ran, till on thesixth night he gazed through the hours at his aunt as shewas on the night he killed her. On these nights he was usedsometimes to start up and make for the street, swearing neverto return; but always he would be dragged back to the eyes.The policemen came to know him from these night walks,and people began to notice his bad looks: these could notspring from grief, folk said, and so they thought he wasleading a wild life.On the seventh night there was a delay of about fiveminutes after the clock had rung eleven, before the dooropened. And then—then, merciful God! the body of a womanin grave-clothes came into the room, as if borne by unseenmen, and lay in the air across the writing-desk, while thesmall drawer flew open of its own accord. Yes; there wasthe shroud of the brown scapular, the prim white cap, thehands folded on the shrunken breast. Gray from slimyhorror, Gustave raised himself up, and went over to look forthe eyes. When he saw them pressed down with pennies, hereeled back and vomited into the grate. And blind, and sick,and loathing, he stumbled up-stairs.But as he passed by Madame Jahn's bedroom the corpsecame out to meet him, with the eyes closed and the penniespressing them down. Then, at last, reeking and dabbled withsweat, with his tongue lolling out, and the spittle runningdown his beard, Gustave breathed:—"Are you alive?""No, no!" wailed the thing, with a burst of awful weep- ing; "I have been dead many days.'' Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings (Theatrical Criticism) Momus «MISS SPRINGTIME" at the Amsterdam Theater is iVI a new reminder for us that the blossoming- time of Austro-Hungarian, or as" it is called generally, Viennese operetta, has not passed yet, or hadn't passed, at least, at the time these unhappy struggles in Europe started. Emmerich Kalman is a composer who had found his country too small and who has conquered the world for himself with his "Sary." In "Miss Springtime" his melodies perhaps do not come as spontaneously but they still retained their fiery Hungarian rythm. The in- strumentation of the parts is very finely conceived and worked out in an extremely diligent manner. He was an inspiration to Jerome Kean, the American composer, who was called upon to enrich the music with melodies from his own fountain. One has to be an expert in order to recognize without "the pons asinorum" of the program where Kalman finishes and where Kean starts. Imitation of this kind is the most subtle form of flattery, a real tribute to the Hungarian composer. _ The new Hungarian diva who made her debut in the title-role, Miss Sari Petrass, is undoubtedly a success, She is only another one of the many popular actresses Austria has sent us during the last few years. Her play is not so exceptionally temperamental; her voice while a very good quality is not very phenomenal, but the entire portrayal of her part is extremely artistic. Her acting and her singing show at all times her good European schooling. The author of the American version of the libretto, Guy Bolton, opened up large possibilities for a real American comic-opera, and Jack Hazard, one of our best living light-opera comedians, uses every one of the many occasions and really surpasses himself. Very interesting were the "legitimate" dramatic novelties of this past week that gave us, in the midst of Indian summer, the golden sunrays of "Miss Spring- tjme » In the L.and H. Theater "The Intruder" was an ex- periment that one would have hardly believed possible in our times and that met with an astonishing success, Cyril Harcourt, the Englishman who wrote the play, undertakes nothing less than the rejuvenation of theblood-thirsty French melodrama of an Alexandre Dumasand his contemporaries which had been ousted for yearsby a new and less sensational generation. The oldestgeneration of theater-goers could have easily imaginedthat they had been asleep for half a century, for theywitnessed just the sort of drama they used to love to seeon the stage fifty years ago. The style of the performancewas well selected by the actors; most astonishing was itto see that not only the old generation among theaudience but the younger generation, too, seemed spell- bound. The old school of critics which declares that"show is show" and everything old and nothing new wereright in this case of "The Intruder."A curious piece came before the footlights of theFulton Theater: "Arms and the Girl" by Grant Stewartand Robt. Becker. These two American authors seemedto know only a little of the war entangling the world atthe present time. Of course they know of its existencebut they treat the European struggles something verydistant; like a legend or a fairy tale. Bourbofis whohave forgotten nothing for the last twenty years writea romantic drama with the war as a background. Adrama that plays somewhere in the romantic nowhere,something a la Anthony Hope. Hero and heroine arean American couple unexpectedly surprised and broughttogether by the German Invasion of Belgium. TheGermans in their field-gray uniforms are portrayed asnice people but impossibly comical; they seem figuresfrom an light opera. The general appears to have onlyone occupation in Belgium i.e. to play a sort of earthlyprovidence for the improbable love-adventures of thetwo Americans. The, German field-gray soldiers areundoubtedly German reservists in real life.It is refreshing indeed to realize in these times fullof hatred that even war has its merry side. The charmof the play increases through the actors. Cyril Scott hasa part that after a long while again just seems to suithis personality. Fay Bainter, who appeared here for thefirst time before the New York public, is one real find (of William Harris, Jr's management. She's a littleblonde girl who not only has a lot of soul and temperarment but knows how to express it well, and withoutartificial endeavors in either face or gesture. She's sograceful, one has simply to like her. Henry Vogel asthe German general has the funny Teutoni; characterand the necessary sterness of humor which give him theunction for his part. IN GRATIAM: Our Chorus Girls G. B. Kitty Astra,one of the Stars that shines in the chorus of "The Girlfrom Brazil." She was born in England, spent her child- hood in India and appeared in musical comedies in Parisand in many cities in France and Belgium. Her ambitionis to become a solitary star in the musical comedyfirmament. delight our eyes, they awaken in us the sense| A of rythm, they are the background of the wholeIproduction; the beautiful frame in which the managersI place the sparkling (or should-be-sparkling diamonds)| of their stars They are the colour and the lifeI of our Broadway successes, they are a firmament well\ selected and carefully chosen: These charming, muchJ abused, but very much loved chorus girls!Chorus girls! We think of them always collectively,never of this one or of that one. They come in bunches,like violets.The florist will exhibit in his show window in a singleVenetian glass, an American Beauty, a hot-house plant;upon an unnaturally distorted long stem of six feet, abig potatoe-like growth of the rose family which wasforced by the sensation- and money-thirsty experts tolose the fragrance with which nature blessed her and tobecome a curiosity with ten times as many petals as itreally should have.Have you ever seen a single violet as the show-piecea florist's window?The chorus girl springs into prominence only when- ever she happens to be mentioned notoriously in thesociety columns, or if she commits a murder, or aftershe was murdered. After viewing two-hundred and someodd musical comedies during the past eight years I don'thesitate to say that most of them were successes on ac- count of their chorus girls. The managers very oftenadvertise their shows as having "80 Beauties," or "30of the sweetest and most beautiful girls," etc.The Milky Way is so far that we cannot distinguishthe singular beauty and the individual sparkling of justone of those myriads of little stars that create thefabulous background for the constellations which arebrought nearer to us and about whom we have learnedfables and legends in our Latin and Greek mythology.What wonderful little schoolmasters and creators ofmythologies are our own star-makers the Bellascos, theShuberts and the Keats!For some reason or other the chorus girl is supposedto be an alluring siren who has a lute ready any time toenchant the "tired business man"for whose recreationour musical comedy masterpieces are especially made toorder.Chorus girls are supposed to come to the show in theircars, have a footman who opens a limousine door (seeRobt. Chambers: any page where he mentions a chorusgirl.) They also are supposed to have maids whoare busy alternatively with the wardrobe of their mistressor watering the bunches of flowers she has just received;they are also supposed to be sparkling with jewels, gift^ of their banker-friends who are said to be busy gettingdivorces on their account; after the performance theystroll with their wealthy friends in immaculate eveningdress (see description of such immaculate evening dressin Inez Haynes Irving's collected works), through thePeacock Alley of the Astor to its diverse dining-rooms,or they have a wild night at Rector's And in reality what poor disillusioned creatures! Ifthere is anybody tired during the performance of amusical comedy it is the chorus girl.Rehearsing and rehearsing and rehearsing! Theproducer for her is the slave-driver, the rich friends whomake her life easy and luxurious a good providenceseems to have saved up for-them, for their better lifehereafter. While rehearsing from eight to twelveweeks without pay, they have to pawn not only the fewtrinkets they might have had, the only and gloriousremnants of a last season's Broadway success but alsomost of their clothes. Small advances granted themduring these times of starvation reduces their $25.00 or$30.00 a week income to $15.00 or $12.00. They manageto pay for a roof over their heads, to buy the stockingsand shoes they need for their performances and forwhich they have to pay themselves, they get two meals every day and they just succeed in keeping themselvesin the physical shape necessary to make the chorus thesuccess of the show, and the show the success of thestars.They are a good sort. No worse than any other groupof women following a profession—only worse paid, onlyworse treated.Their names are not known to the thouasnds for whomthey sing and for whom they dance. They are like thelittle stars whom we so often see near Venus or nearJupiter. Whose names we do not know but who attractus and please our eyes. We forget for moments thesparkling of Venus or the steady gleaming of Jupiter.We admire those little nameless stars and are gratefulbecause they shine for us, the obscure, the unknown in- habitants of a world that cannot do more to show its appreciation than to look at them. Books and Magazines of the Week Kreymborg's Mushrooms ALFRED KREYMBORG'S new book "Mushrooms" wasjust published and the echo of criticism and of reflec- tions upon "Poetry Kreymborgensis" resounds in the in- dividual magazines here and abroad. William Carlos Wil- liams reviews in the Egoist, London, Kreymborg's activityduring the last two years and comes to the conclusion thatcan be read in the third number of my Journal "GreenwichVillage," which appeared exactly two years ago, at the timethat Kreymborg ceased to be creator and branched out into?the game of promoting other peoples creations.It was on a sunny October afternoon, I had just returnedtb Greenwich Village to start my magazine, that Kreymborgwas introduced to me. I liked him immediately. We had metat a dinner table in a little restaurant and we exchanged a-few pleasant remarks; after dinner he walked home with me.He read me a few of his poems and gave me a copy of hisbook "Erna Vitek." The simplicity of his style and of histhoughts, his unconscious sincerity, his kindness towards alland everybody who were mentioned in our conversation mademe anxious to read his book. It was one of the best storiesI had read for quite a while. He described simple peoplein simple surroundings. The words he used were humble;as humble as the lives of the millions around us, who areborn, who suffer and who die.We had one of those rare meetings that start with a smile,that continue-in a harmony of soul and of mind, and that endin a hearty hand shake and a sincerely meant "au revoir."He went his way and I went my own. He did things andso did I. Hard days came for me. Days of dark despair.Nothing seemed to go right; worries piled upon worries.printer, paperdealer were the iron clad foes ofmy new magazine to be. All my energy seemed to havevanished. While I was sitting on dark afternoons and ontriste evenings in that "back room of 46 Washington Squarethat threatened to be the tomb of my plans and my endeavors,&lt;one day Kreymborg appeared on the scene. The white crispsnow was on his worn overcoat, his eyeglasses were frostedas he entered the room that was a few degrees warmer thanthe cold December day. He took them off and smiled. Hissmile meant so much to me.He seemed to understand. The poverty of the room, thepiled up proof sheets on -the table, my own resignation to the inevitable seemed to tell him more in one second than Tcould have related to him in hours of confidential confessions.He came often. It was like life inspiring balm to have hiid;read his poetry, "His Mushrooms."Things gradually cleared up for me; they started to lookbrighter from day today. My magazine saw the light of the;world. But I could not forget what Kreymborg's little mush-'rooms had done for me. What they had done for me theyperhaps could do for others. And so I arranged his first;!poetry reading. One of the first Chap Books I published:was Kreymborg's "Mushrooms." They created comment jover the United States and England.Newspaper paragraphers gave them large publicity and ,simple modest little Kreymborg became all at once the centre ,of admiration. Do you know the sort of admiration a manwill receive who creates something original, who succeeds toexpress clearly and from heart to heart a truth others try invain to communicate? A few letters from kindred souls, afew hand shakes which tell more than well set speeches,and on the scene appeared the bloodhounds of the ,creator: insignificant, insincere creatures who want to use- the newly arrived man as a vehicle to the so much-longed- for notoriety. Sensation thirsty women with short hair andhusbands in the family skeleton closet tried to say theirnothing in the form of Kreymborg's poetry; shirt salesmenwho longed for the Bohemia of italian red-ink-roostsdiscovered all at once their souls with mushroom growths.Mushrooms became a very common dish, indeed. Bob Davis,head buyer of Mr. Munsey's purchasing department, got themushroom appetite, and so he entered them upon the stockexchange list; they went high up in price. Once they reached the Ella Wheeler Wilcox price of twenty-five cents &lt;per line.Kreymborg lost his head. "Poetry," Harriet Monroe'sendowed magazine of verse, was, since its start, the goal of tambition for the American poet. Kreymborg got there. Hehad arrived. The arrival upon those pages means unanimouselection to the mutual self admiration society of poets.Kreymborg fell again. Nice old ladies from East Oshkoshand anaemic under graduates of the University of Wisconsin,together with a few geniuses, who had burned up the fewdrops of their oil in Europe and had brought over the ashesin costly little caskets to our shores, offered material galoreto start a magazine. Poor, sincere Kreymborg took the cropsof insincere thinking, of lying brains, of notoriety-thirstyimagination and of would be creative imitation for a richharvest of other sincere souls that struggled for expression.A Maecenas with a bunch of poems tucked away somewherein a pigeon hole of his business desk is always ready to be |godfather when an inexpensive magazine will print hispoetry. %"Others" was published. Modestly Kreymborg kept in thebackground. He selected among the poetry crop of Englandand America creations that filled the funny columns of ourspapers; that made the ridiculous embrace and smother thesublime. He was always sincere during his trials and trib- ulations as magazine editor.Two years were quite sufficient to open his eyes. And nowhe turned over the editorship of the magazine to hisambitious contributors. He put the ewes to one side and therams to the other. He gathered his mushrooms into a niceclean basket and carried them home lovingly. His book "Mushrooms" contains also those that I publishedto yea-s ago. I daresay that they are better than any other112 his works. And I know that he will do things worth whilefow after he has returned to the seclusion of his own selfiter the stormy voyages of the last two years. rank Harris' Oscar Wilde Book It seems that Frank Harris did well to put his own imprinto the greatest of his books to the "Life and Confessions" of)scar Wilde. The 600 copies of the ordinary edition whichte had reserved for America are all exhausted and he decided9 use the remaining 250 copies of the lot that was meant forirgland, to satisfy the American demand. And this in spite&lt;112 the fact that he has sent no copies to the press for review,nd in spite of the fact that the foremost book-trade paper, theBook Review of the Times" has taken special care not toeview, not even to mention in its pages, the greatest biog- aphy ever written on American soil. The Phoenix Michael Monahan's biography of James Whitcomb Riley,he leading article of his September issue, is written with aoving hand, and the attached letters of the dead poet permitn intimate Peek into the soul of Riley. If you do not happen tomow The Phoenix write to the Editor at South Norwalk,Connecticut, for a sample copy. It will be a treat for you tonake the acquaintance of a man whose writings will pleasetarmoniously your mind, your soul, your eyes and your ears. The Rambler John Kendrick Bangs gave birth to a magazine of his own.-lis sarcasm is good natured, his wit is of that sort thatnakes you laugh, and smile afterwards if you happen to•emember again what you read. Most promosing is the fol- owing paragraph in his announcement:m"The Rambler does not seek to be,converted in the matterr any of his beliefs, political, social, or otherwise, and anyjorrespondence started to that end by any solicitous friendI ill die young for the excellent reason that this particularftomad has come hither to express himself, and not others.He has not the slightest objection to the expression of them- selves by others but he thinks they would do it more.effectively if they started magazines of their own for thepurpose." The Dead E. C. Beckwith | N the cool shadows of the elm and fir trees I contem- plate it, a city of the dead. On that calm green seathe little white grave stones of the poor are like the crestsof tiny waves. Beyond them rise the grey columns ofgranite, the white crosses, the marble tombs, the massivemonuments of other dead.How tranquil is that silent world. The pale sky coversit like a shroud. The mild air is sweet with the fragranceof grass and earth, like the breath of Divine peace and,love. Sadness enters my heart, for it is so lonely here.And yet there are a multitude sleeping deeply beneaththose lines of grassy mounds. Their sleep is too pro- found for the living to think of them as sleeping.Along the narrow earthen path a man and womancome, dressed in the mourning clothes of the poor. Theyare carrying flowers, lillies and everlasting. They stopbeside a small, new-made grave, the resting place of achild, and kneeling, gently cover the little mound withflowers. The woman is crying softly, and the man com- forts her. For a little while they remain, then risingslowly, they go away.To be loved in life even as a little child is loved, and\in death to be cherished and mourned. But in a fewmonths, in a year perhaps, she will have ceased to mournin her heart, she will grieve no more as I have seen hergrieve, and, though she will not forget the child life thatis gone, she will have forgotten how to sorrow for it.Sorrow passes; only death is eternal.It is so sad and lonely here. The day is ending. Theshadows deepen under the elm and fir trees. The sadnessdeepens in my heart. A bell tolls, measured and mournful, warning the living who remain here that it is timeto leave the dead. Behind the crests of the tall trees thesun has set, and the pale sky is changing to a faint red,like a winter sky at twilight.And as I walk toward the gates that open to the livingworld, the thought comes to me that I too will rest here- forever. At the State Fair Vinçent Starrett A Brevoort philosopher and sage of the Village OVER the heads of the yokels,High on a swaying wire,Mademoiselle LepelletierDances and slithers and slides.Slim her ankles and rounded her calves,Under her foaming laces,And the rustics gaze with wild desireAnd feast their puritan eyes.And one goes home to a rambling shackAnd gazes with disapprovalOn the lumpy female who shares his slumberAnd tries to imagine her on a wire. Next issue of Bruno's Weekly will containFRANK HARRIS AS MAGAZINE EDITORAn intimate visit to the workshop of one of the greatest writers in the English language; whohappens to live in Washington Square, the capitol of Greenwich Village. R. EDERHEIMER PRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED What great authors think of marriage.Ibsen, Bernhard Shaw, Max Nordau, Tolstoy, H.G. Wells. Will the home survive?A unique book of 250 pages, bound in cloth,fifty-five cents postpaid.The Evolution of Modern Orchestration.--It is not only a valuable reference book for amusician but a little journey to the homes ofmusicans and composers of the world for a layman.Published by the MacMillan Company, royal quarto,bound in cloth, 280 pages.One dollar five cents; sent anywhere.BRESLOW'S BOOK STORE123 East 23rd Street 14 Stories by Maupassant,For 25 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan Introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations in colorby Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff dark greenpaper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) New York,M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems; Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's' Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of .Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books. American Thumb PrintsMettle of Our Men and Women;Sketches of American Woman;This book was published by J. B. Lippincott Co., isbound in cloth, 55 cents postpaid.The Pleasures of Literature and theSolace of Books with introductionBy Andrew LangA choice book for the booklover and book-hunter,,55 cents postpaid.FRANK BENDER, 128 Fourth Ave. MONSIEURD'EN BROCHETTEBeing^An Historical Account of Some of theAdventures of Huevos Pasada Par Agua,Marquis of Pollio Grille, Count of Patede Foie Gras, and Much Else Besides.BYBert Leston TaylorArthur Hamilton FolwellyANDJohn Kendrick BangsVIllustrated by Frank A. Nankivell NEW YORKMC M VKEPPLER &amp; SCHWARZMANN50 CENTS POSTPAIDHARRY STONE137 Fourth Ave. New York VOLUME IIBRUNO'S WEEKLYBound in white linen clothTWO DOLLARS, postpaid ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—MotherGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquethings to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Ave.N. Y. C. Phone Spring 23 The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every Afternoonfrom 3 to 6 at c150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Squan"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy tsTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger. Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the pasttwenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.Write for catalogue and send one one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from apublic grave digger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Square, New York City RARE BOOKSFIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison. Harrison Fisher: $7.50mfZ&lt;0 Air|BTi\$6.00r?Vq,=U-«mrar"L! 1 -1-^.v*?r*k»■tr*r-17*JXtlitwtitfoVS:UlM='ZxL1&amp;'/*I1■v\Birch: $12.00SIXTY THOUSAND ORIGINALDRAWINGS OF AMERICANILLUSTRATORSRose O'Neil, Opper, Harrison Fisher, Barton, Cassel' T Pughes, Hassmann, Crawford, and Many OtherAmerican and Foreign Illustrators Whose DrawingsHave Appeared in the Foremost American IllustratedMagazines from 1880 up to DateI HAVE purchased the original drawings andpaintings which you have seen reproduced onthe pages of Puck and other prominent periodicalsduring the last thirty-six years. They are a splendidcollection of the early work and of the best workof America's foremost artists. They show theevolution of the American comic paper from itsinfancy to its present standard as well as the in-dividual evolution of the artists. They are anunique kaleidoscope of the manifold interests ofpublic opinion during the last two score years.There is the period where New York with its cease-less building underground, overground and on thesurface was the target of constant banter. Thereare the political cartoons, a conclusive demonstra-tion why Cleveland or Roosevelt or Taft had to beelected and why Bryan and Roosevelt weredefeated.RARELY will there be an opportunity again topurchase these originals, welcome in the den,in the library of a private home, and appropriateon the walls of public libraries, of museums and ofpublic schools, at such low prices as I am offeringthem now. Many are priced as low as twenty-fivecents. Only a few are marked higher than tendollars.You are invited to call at my store and view thecollection leisurely or inquire about the work ofillustrators you like. I will gladly quote youpictures and prices.HARRY STONE,BOOKS and DRAWINGS137 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORKFor Three Dollars I will send you post-paid Ten Original Drawings of American Illustrators.