Bruno's Weekly 2 16 April 15th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-04-15_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 16 Coulton Wough Illustration 1 Ave Maria Plena Gratia Oscar Wilde cre Florence cre 3 Disasters and Poetry Guido Bruno cre 3-5 Reminiscences of Tommaso Salvini Hugo Ballin (New York cre 5-7 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 8 A Fable Sadakichi Hartmann cre 8 The Perversity of Love Ernest Peabody cre 8 A Greenwich Village Anthrology (With apologies to Edgar Lee Masters) Sardonyx cre 9 A Publishers' Club From The Bang, Alexander Harvey's Fearless Weekly cre 9-10 The Stranger Emily B. Stone cre 10 Longing Charles Keeler cre 10 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Religion Tom Sleeper cre 12 In Our Village 12-15 Books and Magazines of the Week 15-16 The Last of the War Correspondents 17-18 Statement of the Ownership, Management, etc., of Bruno's 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents April 15th, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright April 15th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit is given toauther and Bruno's Weekly. A T■ CHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEN FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.C,THE STATE FORBIDS!By SADA COWANandTHE STRONGERBy AUGUST STRINDBERGGUIDO BRUNO, Manager and DirectorEVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY and THURSDAYAT 8.45 P. M. AND SATURDAY AT 3 O'CLOCKONLY 65 SEATS AT ONE DOLLAR EACHTo be had at the BOX OFFICE, 10 FIFTH AVENUE, or by mail Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 16. APRIL 15th, MCMXVI. Voir ii. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last week) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Coulton Wough Ave Maria Plena Gratia Oscar Wilde. Florence IV as this His coming! I had hoped to seeA scene of woUdrous glory, as &lt;was toldOf some great God who in a rain of goldBroke open bars and fell on Danae:Or a dread vision as &lt;when Semele&amp;Sickening for love and unappeased desirePrayed to see God's clear body, and the fireCaught her white limbs and slew her utterly.With such glad dreams I sought this holy place,And now with wondering eyes and heart I standBefore this supreme mystery of Love:A kneeling girl with passionless pale face,An angel with a lily in his hand,And over both with outstretched wings the Dove. Disasters and Poetry Guido Bruno. IN olden times, when a big catastrophe occurred, bringingdeath to many people, and damage to much property,artists and poets promptly took possession of what had trans- pired, made it a subject for reverie and were transported intoa playground of fantasy and inspiration. After the earth- quake which demolished Lisbon in 1755, an entire literatureVas created. Poets, on wings of imagination, visited theruins of the city and themselves felt the power of themysterious spirits that shook the earth and disturbed thedepths of the planet. They wept with those whose mostdearly beloved lay buried beneath the debris and voiced insong the praises of the heroism and sacrifices of men andwomen who were brave enough to forget their own safety,when friends, or even neighbours, were in danger.Other catastrophes of the eighteenth century likewise wonthe glorification of their heroes. So Goethe erected an ever- lasting monument to the memory of the seventeen-year-oldJohanna Sebus. Everywhere there seemed to rule a desireto preserve in the jewel box of memory a momentous hour ofdanger.And not long ago, indeed, even a few days after the terribleChicago holocaust of 1871, poets the country over evincedits inspiration by paying tribute to the heroes of the de- vastated city as well as to the unseen force which burstits bonds and blazed forth in such mighty power. Through- out the world and in many languages rang the rhythmiccantations born in the wake of the disaster. Bret Harte wasone of the first to greet the sorrowing world with a poem.John Greenleaf Whittier dedicated another to the victimsof the smitten city. And what of to-day?Indeed, we are not lacking catastrophes in the present age.With the progress of civilization, to be sure, they seem tohave increased in frequency and horror. We need but recallthe tragedies since the war started. Think of the many livesand millions of dollars worth of property buried beneath theruins of San Francisco and the hundreds of thousands ofvictims of the present war.And each time there awakes amid the horror of suchtragedies the same heroism of olden times. Men are certainlyno less valiantly inclined and ready to sacrifice to-day thancenturies ago. - But still our catastrophes bring us no poesyas in the past. Our poets do not sing the praise of theseheroes. They turn their eyes from the sinking city.They do not spar with the envious wizards of the innerearth, who vent in terrific cataclysms their jealousy of happypeople. They do not reach in despair with the drowning forthe splintered mast, with the fighting for new strength.And yet, are not these very subjects rich enough in grandeurto inspire the artistic soul to the most fantastic dreams?Dreaming?Yes; there is the point. We dream no longer.We are a generation of newspaper readers. We possessno more the faculty to picture in our thoughts the catastrophewith all its dreadful consequences—to allow our fantasy anunbridled rein, which she must have if something poeticallytrue is to be materialized from the fabric of fact. There ismade to hover over the grim region, where death harvested,no fanciful twilight whose outlines are hazy. There is nomystic belief in the animosity of personified elements. Thecold, daily press compels us to see everything in broad day- light and too obvious reality.The "Special Correspondent" sent to the scene of the dis- aster, telegraphs homeward and over the world in his dry,vor what is worse, his pompous, sentimental English, all thedetails a few hours after things have happened. He inter- views the relatives of the dead and the sick, and the eyewitnesses and gleans his information so that he may be ableto relate all in the most minute detail.Of course, we learn too about the heroes and heroic deeds;and should fortune decree that a man of financial or socialstanding should excel in bravery or calmness in the momentof danger, the news cables vibrate gleefully the story of hisflattery and praise. The disaster is then portrayed to us in amanner as though it had been enacted by the heavenly powersfor one purpose only—to give the excellent character of thisCroesus or social leader a dignified background. Certainly,too, there are loyal bards who will sing submissively of hispraise. But loyal bards are very seldom, perhaps never, goodpoets. The good poets remain silent during catastrophes.And the reason for this is that everything that happens issobered into sordidness by the press dispatch. Newspapersvie to excel in offering lurid descriptions of the disaster. And so we learn of a catastrophe in all its gruesome entirety.We read its extent and know just how many were killed andhow terribly their bodies were mutilated. This arouses inus a sadness, an admiration for the heroic and a desire toaid the suffering.But when the imagination is smothered, the artistic inspira- tion is lost. And, indeed, should a poet depart from the trendof the times and write about a catastrophe he would havelittle effect and—what to the nowaday poet is most vital,—little or no popularity. The newspaper, which satisfies andarouses his curiosity, conveyed the same narrative morecorrectly, in greater detail and in a way, perhaps, betterunderstood by the masses."My paper has this better," says *he subscriber, and laughsabout the poet, who doesn't seem to know the cruel detailsand correct descriptions of the disaster location.None would deny the merits of the newspaper of to-day.It renders speedy succor possible and brings relief to theunfortunate. And with our rapid transport facilities, im- mediate news despatches are a necessity. But the daily pressis killing all dreams, educating a fantasy-lacking race andparalyzing poetical desires. Because of it the catastropheof to-day is not followed by poesy. We are robbed of thefaculty of seeing with our own inner eyes and are compelledto look at everything as thousands of others about us see thesame. There is stolen from the disaster and the heroic deedof unselfishness the romance, without which we cannot feelpoetically.And so we may say unhesitatingly: What is clicked overthe wires is lost for Art. Reminiscences of Tommaso Salvini By Hugo Ballin (New York) IT was excessively cold the first time Tommaso Salvini calledto see me in the big empty studio in the Piazzo Dona- tello in Florence. On that day the hills of Fiesole werepatched with snow, as if some mighty visitor from the Northhad left the impress of his powdered sole. Through mysouthern window the little oval English cemetery interceptedmy view. The naked trees, like imploring hands clawed thecheerless heavens for a ray of kindly warmth. Salvini knockedat my door at about ten in the morning. He refused to takeoff his large heavy bat-winged coat. The thermometerregistered about 55 degrees F. My big fat tin drum stovewas very useless on that day as on all other days. The morewood I fed it, the less it worked. It seemed to grow stubborn.The ashes that formed within its body, choked it. It wassorrow-bound for four cold months. It was the most in- effectual bit of machinery ever reared by man. I called it astove because it stood where stoves are supposed to occupya studio and from its collar-bone a long black unpainted tube ran up sixteen feet to an exit that was the most efficient exitever numbered. The Gordigiani, the proud owners of thisequipment, had other possessions such as the building inwhich this treasure was housed, and in their drawing-room- hung the most remarkable collection of chilled tapistries thatever graced an unpainted wall. But all this is quite irrelevant.Salvini knew the Gordigiani, but on that cheerless day hecame to me.Those days in Florence were not exactly happy ones. EvenHope, the most constant friend an aspiring painter has,had left me. She flew South on the wings of my far-reachingdesires to linger where the waters are ever blue and wherethe sweet-voiced and ill-behaved daughters of Oceanus port- holed cruising parties and behaved so surreptitiously. I re- mained in Florence because I had contemplated remainingand I would no more break this resolve than a thousand lirenote.I had met Salvini in his home. I entertained a suspicionthat the first time he called to see me, he went abroad tofind more comfort in the rooms of another. His house was avery cozy place, full of photos and fragments of tabards andmorions and Lochaber axes that crossed halberds in palmatedarrangement. It was essentially an actor's home, crowdedwith souvenirs. I remember him reading to me in his groundfloor room; that was sixteen years ago on a bright morningin early Spring when life had returned on the breath of asoft message from Aeolus. /Perhaps Salvini's friendship for me was very sincere be- cause he found me alone working with very swollen hands,due to the cold, trying to realize an ideal in the face of theseoppositions. There must have been pity in his heart, for afterthat we often saw each other and when I was not in Florencehis letters were a great source of interest and enjoyment.I shall quote his letter written Oct. 21st, 1902.Most dear Mr. Ballin:—As you see (referring to a small photograph) I am stillin the country with my Newfoundland between my knees.In a few days I shall return to Florence, via Gino Capponi 17.In general my health is .good with the slight exception ofsome small annoyance, which persuades me that I have notacquired seventy-four years for nothing. But what can bedone? Suffer it until death.I too know the Island of Capri. Its location is incom- parable, so poetic and inspiring. Who can tell how manysketches you have made? Are they compositions for a largepainting? Why do you say that you have admired theseplaces for the last time? You are young and can return tothem, not once but twenty times, while to me it is forbiddento visit America, not having much time before me.I can be naught but thankful for the kindly memories youcherish of me, I beg of you to always have them. It makesme pleased and happy. This letter will find you in that country of energy andloyal people for whom I have deep sympathy and affection.1 hope that you will cross the ocean safely and that you willenjoy perfect health. Every time you wish to give me newsit will give me a holiday.Believe me with respects,Yours affectionate and devotedTommaso Salvini.Another letter dated Siena per Vagliagli, Aug. 18th, 19031 am sure will be of interest.Gentilissimo Ballin:—If I could write and speak English as you write and speakItalian, I would consider myself a sage; you will thereforesee how I must not criticise any slight error in your letter.Yes, gentle friend, many were the inducements which theimpressarios, Liebler &amp; Co., personally made to me, and Icould not refuse to return once more to the United States.Ihis will be settled next April.I will act in Italian with an English company in which yourbeautiful star Miss Robson is to take part. If you will tellme something concerning this young actress I will considerit a favor.I am now in my domain to escape the warmth of the city.In October I am going to Asti and Torino to commemoratein a production of Saul, the centenary of the death of Vit- torio Alfieri, our grand tragic poet, and afterward I shall re- turn to Florence where I will prepare myself for the new tour.I believe I have always answered your very welcome lettersand I do not merit the reproach you make of my not havingwritten you. My correspondence is enormous. I do never- theless answer all my letters.Your country never ceases and with time it ameliprates.As! me! I always cherish the advancement of that greatcountry.I am sending you a clipping which will give you pleasure.Read it and congratulate me in time. In the meanwhile Iexchange best wishes. Consider me always your affectionateand devoted friend,Tommaso Salvini.These two letters are typical. I always found him sincereand kindly. The last time I saw him was four years ago inFlorence when I called at his home with my wife. He wasrehearsing his son and daughter-in-law for a production inwhich they were to appear that afternoon.We drove up to the amphitheatre at Fiesole and under asoft blue sky we saw "Edipus Rex." The air was neversofter and the seats were never harder. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Vermouth rJ*HOU canst unbind by potency unique,The tangled skein of misty souvenirs,And bring again, defiant of dull years,The mantling pulse of youth unto the cheek.Urged by thy warmth, the fancy loves to seekThe roses of a past that disappears,And by some recollection that endears,Once more, in charm, forgotten words to speak.The sunlight of the past will then returnWarming the soul; and I, oh blessed boonAnd resurrection of the things that fade,Recall the happy days for which all yearn,When first I heard on Venice's lagoon,The soft adagio of a serenade! Absinthe comes thy fatal, fascinating charm?. Thy fumes are sharp, dire as Medusa's tears,In thy green depths a tempting demon leers,Leading the victim on without alarm.Thy trait'rous poison makes the senses warm;Dull minds, grown vivid, grasp the distant spheres;But ah, the sad reaction, when the tearsOf madness flow, when maniac fancies swarm!To me, thy glorious Lethe ever showsSome godless wretch, with haggard eyes and pale,Seeking the shame of brutal bagnios.Or, mixed with powder, when all else doth fail,I see thee make impetuous Zouaves scaleStern Malakoffs that teem with countless foes! A Fable Sadakichi Hartmann. QNCE upon a time two beautiful maidens went bathing,one was named Falsehood and the other Truth. Aftergamboling to their hearts content in the water, Falsehoodstepped out first and, true to her nature, she stole and dressedherself in the robes "of Truth and ran away. WhenTruth came out she found the robes of Falsehood lying on thebank; she, however, true to her nature, would not don thembut went her way as it was, and that is why we so seldommeet with "Naked Truth." The Perversity of Love Ernest Peabody. QNE day Love dropped an arrow from his quiver. A short,stout little lady picked it up and with many blushes,returned it to its owner."Ah! Sweetheart!" said Love, "you shall have your reward,"and he shot the arrow at a man who was passing. •And the man, alas! was tall and slim. A Greenwich Village Anthrology (With apologies to Edgar Lee Masters) Sardonyx Sadakichi Hartmann Where he came from and where he is going That is not the main thing.The main thing is that he is Sadakichi Hartmann,A strange sardonic figure,The author of Christ and Buddha.But great as are his Christ and BuddhaGreater still, more piteous and more splendidIs the drama called Sadakichi Hartmann. The Nameless One There were two people in Greenwich Village.One of them belonged to the oldest and most infamousprofession for women.She created nothing; her mission was to destroy.The other was an artist who created beautiful things.Mark the irony.The artist died.The nameless one will live to a hale and hideous old age.For Death will have his little joke.Even in Greenwich Village. Alfred Kreymborg In a selfish ageThis man is kinder*'to "Others" than to himself.He obeys the maxim"Do unto 'Others' as you would they should do untoyou."Shelley was the poet's poet.Alfred Kreymborg is more than the poet's poet.He is the-poet's friend. A Publishers' Club From The Bang, Alexander Harvey's Fearless Weekly. Scribner persisted in weeping."If Americans cling to their new fad of reading Americanliterature," he gasped, "our great British writers will starve.""Our great American writers," Holt reminded him, "havestarved for years.""They're used to it," Dodd putin, "and we're not. We'republishers." 5"We'll starve too, though," Houghtonmifflin groaned. "Wehave loaded ourselves with British novelists in sheets. Britishpoets by the wagon load.""The jig," MacMillan roared, "is up!~ The fools won't buy thepeotry and prose of the Londoners just because they're Lon- doners." '"Couldn't we work up a centennary of some British jiovelist?" Dodd asked this. He was snapped up crossly by Houghton- mifflin."No, we can't have any more centennaries of British novel- ists. We can't live on any more scandals about British poets."You don't mean,-' gasped Scribner, "that Dodd'll stop TheBookman?""How can Dodd stop The Bookman when it isn't going, youfool?" roared MacMillan."Boys!" yelled Doubleday, "this trick will save us."He held up the picture of Byron, now labelled in large letterswith the name of Charles Brockden Brown."I see the game!" cried MacMillan. "I'll have a statement innext Sunday's World to the effect that we've always stoodfor American literature." "Even the weeping Scribner had to join in the laugh withwhich they all broke into the chorus of "stuff the public, stuffstuff, stuff, publishing is nothing but a game of bluff." The Stranger Emily B. Stone. ""THERE came to the colony a young man whose face wasunmarked by care and whose blue eyes contained a deephappiness.The people stared at him, but none thought to offer himlodging. They did not inquire his name nor from whatcountry he had journeyed."He is not like us," said one, and he berated the new-comerwith coarse words and threw stones at him."Let him alone." said another; "his odd conceits may serveto make our children laugh;" and he gave to the calm youngstranger a gay cap with bells.But a third said, "This wanderer speaks words which wedo not understand. He is mad."So they built with great stones a tower and imprisonedthe beautiful stranger, not dreaming that his name wasWisdom and that he had come from their far-away Father- land. Longing Charles Keeler. TTOR the unutterable,For the ineffableAm I longingIn dead of night;For the rose unfading,The song unending,The heart unchanging,For love, for light! I would gather the stars,The flowers of heaven;For my garden brightIs the beautiful whole;I would stray with theeO'er night's wide meadow,O spirit maiden,O radiant soul. From "The Victory—Songs of Triumph" Religion Tom Sleeper. AND it came to pass that I pondered on the reason for mybeing. And as time passed my spirits drooped withinme—my days became sunless and my nights abysmal—for Iknew_ not my purpose. And 10l as I sat, brooding by themargin of a pool, watching the pale white lilies nodding oneunto the other, the figure of a man appeared unto me comingfrom out the hemlock grove. And he came close to me andspoke words of counsel. And I thought unto myself: "I willdo that which this man counseleth," and arose and wentstraightway unto mine own house.Then it came to pass that after three days I stood beforethe oracle and I spoke unto him three questions: Whencecame I? By what rule must I live? Whither do' I go?And the oracle answered unto me saying: "These are mightymatters of which ye speak." Then drew away the oracle unto himself. And after themoon had risen I went again unto him for an answer. Andhe replied, saying: "Oh ye of little faith! Know ye not thatthe Kingdom of Heaven is like unto rare gems that are hid- den, and that he that liveth by the spirit shall have ever-ilasting life? Let thy faith circle then round about like untoa cqat of armor. Believe for in believing lies all virtue."And I prostrated myself before him in reverence and inworship. And after I had made offering of gold and of silver—of sandal-wood and of rare spices I returned unto mine ownhearth exalted.• •Yet, I knew not the meaning of that which was spokenunto me. In Our Village WH. ENEVER the Great sojourn among us and we have- achance to see the daily life of men whose works we doadmire, we view it through the magnifying glass of theunusual; stories—really only everyday observations—pass onfrom mouth to ear and from ear to mouth. That is howhistory is related. A rich field for biographers.Many and various are the stories told about SadakichiHartmann and his indispensable valet, during his last visitto our village. Inseparable like a shadow, watchful like adog, inspired with a mission like an apostle, is that littleman whom Sadakichi chooses to intrust the care of his bodilywelfare.He is never far. If he does not announce the arrival ofSadakichi he is carrying his master's overcoat or rain-coatand that ominous hat-box which contains not only a blacksombrero but also other useful objects which might comein handy if a man decides quickly to do something quitedifferent than he has planned on leaving his hoifie. He ismore than a body servant, who keeps shoes fhined, the.proper crease in trousers and all those other things which are the daily routine of a "man". He is the screen Sadakichichooses often to put between himself and the world. He isthe bearer and deliverer of messages, the plenipotentiaryextraordinary on occasions most difficult and delicate.It was at a dinner recently in the home of a well-knownpatroness of Art on the north side of the Square. Sadakichiwas one of the guests of honor. He was in that mood inwhich one enjoys a well-prepared repast and awaits anxiouslythe arrival of the demi-tasse. A lady well-known as a soulfulpoetess was sitting at his right. She is one of those womenwho are not content to leave buried the romance of theirlife and to plant faithfully flowers of the season around thetombstone, but who are trying constantly to exhume thecarcass, to force to new life what was dead and should re- main so for ever. She spoke to Sadakichi; she spoke con- stantly. He was undisturbed, partaking of the differentcourses of the dinner. The slight signs of annoyance werenot noticed. The lady talked. It was too much for Sada- kichi! "Call my valet" he said to the butler, while everybodywas rising.to repair to the next room for the demi-tasse. Thevalet appeared. Sadakichi calls hkn "valet," never by name.That man doesn't seem to have a name at all. He must havebeen born as Sadakichi's valet, and to be his valet seems tobe identical with his life. He appeared; he did not take noticeof anybody in the room. He stood there all attention, likethe despatcher of torpedoes before the commander of hiscraft."Valet," Sadakichi thundered at-him, "take my place at theside of this lady (pointing to the soulful poetess who wasstill talking) drink a demi-tasse with her and exchangecommonplaces.Out he walked and the bang which sounded through thehouse indicated that Sadakichi had not waited for the foot- man to open the door for him. How long the valet remainedin the drawing-room I do not know, and if he drank a demi- tasse with the soulful poetess and exchanged commanplaces *with her I could not ascertain.And then it was on an afternoon in the Brevoort. MariaAppel, the sculptress who had just finished the bust of Sada- kichi, interrupted a serious session of his, around a roundtable: "Your bust is ready; it is good; it is wonderful; it is -not only a likeness; it is a masterpiece. I will ship it to- morrow to an exhibition, up-town. You MUST come andsee it at once!"Sadakichi who at first had indignantly interrupted his ap- parently more important conversation with his companionsat the table, looked around for a few seconds as if searchingfor something and then, wheeling around in his chair: "Valet"with such a strong voice that Emily Stevens in the next roomwas visibly disturbed in the consummation of her scrambledeggs, and the waiters rushed to the door ready for an affray.Heavy steps quickly approaching. The valet with hat-boxand rain-coat."Valet" roared Sadakichi, "Go home with the sculptress, look at my bust and then come back and report to me ifit looks like me." And he resumed his conversation.Again I do not know if the sculptress accepted Sadakichi'sproxy and if he proved himself a competent art critic.Doctor Reitman, the advance agent of Emma Goldman,undertook some time ago to manage a series of lectures forSadakichi. They had a disagreement of some sort, a longargument that lasted for hours which culminated in the finalbreak-up of business associations. These were the partinsrwords of Sadakichi:"You are permited to greet me but I will not talk to you—that shall be your punishment!"Tom Sleeper, the hermit of the New Jersey mountains, poetand ponderer of the riddles of the Universe, left, as we areinformed by authentic sources his solitary hut, has thrownaway the hair-cloak to invade after an absence of monthsthe village on last Wednesday eve. He came in a Fordaccompanied by a man who as rumor, and he himself as- certained, will be married to the woman of his choice in lessthan fourteen days. Tom Sleeper had been segn the weekprevious in Hoboken but he assures us that he did not takeadvantage of the marriage facilities of this peace-lovingsuburb. Tom took, as 'he always does upon his arrival, asolitary on the square in worshipful -reverence of thegreat spirits deceased and still among us, before he pil- grimaged to Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. Whiledeeply meditating upon the fate of unborn children of per- sons unfit to be parents, and upon questions of preparedness,he tried his best to start his Ford. He succeeded after 'awhile and leaving for the better illuminated haunts of upperNew York, he shook off the impressions the Bruno Playershad made upon him during the performance he had at- tended with a "Develish thing, this Sada Cowan's 'The StateForbids'." Ziegfield's Follies were his antidote. Careless asevery proprietor of a Ford, he wanted to leave his car un- watched in front of the New Amsterdam, trusting that thievesrecognize the make of an automobile at first sight. A ben- evolent policeman drew his attention to the fact that someonemight take a chance on it, being a brand new one. But no- body did. And in the chill of the early morning hour didhe start back for his home mountains, leaving behind him thelures of the Great White Way, of the haunts of our villagewhose foremost citizen he will remain even be he not inour midst as of yore. Yes! New Jersey! lifefor you! Far out fhere in its plains and in its mountains!Many were the notable personages who pilgrimaged downto Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre during the lastweek and honored the Bruno Players with their illustriouspresence.' Kaufman, he of "Around the Town" in the Globehad come, seen, and listened. It was particularly nice andcomforting to have it from him himself that he was pleased.Zoe Beckley of New York Evening Mail fame, who inter- views on the average more queer and famous people in oneyear than the ordinary human being has a chance to meet m a lifetime attended one of the 'performances and ac- knowledged frankly she knew nothing of the Bruno Playersbefore this evening, which marked a historical moment inher lite, lo know so much and not to know the BrunoPlayers is a distinction of its own. With pleasure did weinhale the fragrance of this bouquet, Zoe Beckley!Helen Roland accompanied her, she, the renowned sageof the Evening World's magazine page. And Emma Goldmanto her°me t0 SCe "ThC State Forbids" Tt was not newMiss Sada Cowan, who wrote the play presented by the BrunoI layers was pleased with her work. She viewed it, accom- panied by her mother, from the first row, and she is quitedifferent from any other author of plays. She had no sug- gestions to offer nor changes to make.Mr. Walcott, the great Dramatic censor of a still greaterdaily paper, sat-through the whole performance very atten- tively. He was accompanied by his yellow gloves hisspectacles and his walking cane. Books and Magazines of the Week The Citizen and Art citizen does not criticise anything so keenly and soself-lordly as Art. Every new appearance of literature,music and painting gives him a welcome chance for hisjests and jokes. Just like the paranoiac, he sees the .megalo- mania under whose illusions he himself labors, in the artistThe citizen hates Art because Art seems to him "useless"'Art does not transmit to him news. It doesn't bring himfacts and it is very hardly avoidable, because Art :s it isharp to say why, and surely it must be lamented—a part ofsociety. But Art is obtrusive and therefore one must findimaginary, sham causes for a defence. One simply has notime tor Art. Life to-day is very strenuous. Every pro- fession claims the whole man and the whole woman, and inthe evening it is the duty of everybody to look for recreation.One s mentality must be unhitched, and it was never hitched Iis more automatic than to follow one's profession.)To acquire a surface knowledge—in order to be countedamong the educated the daily newspapers suffice and aknowledge of names The new novel of Richard HardingDavis, a new drama by Shaw, the new poems of the friendthe lawyer, are bought and one has done his duty. Themusical comedy "Du Jour" the average citizen would takein three times. Yoii know it is necessary to recognize themelodies in the cabaret! Everything else done for Art isfelt as a disturbing element in one's private life, preventingafternoon nap or a spin into the country. How daresMr. Matisse to draw things one cannot see How daresEzra Pound or Richard Aldington or Alfred Kreymborg towrite a language one does not speak? Even if one does notspeak his own Engl oh. mother's tongue, one has learned hislittle French or German in school—also for the sake of that curse, to be counted educated. And the critic of the familypaper is "against it." Artists simply have to learn tc expressthemselves so that they can be commonly understood. Other- wise, the Art can go to blazes, especially the Art of ourcontemporaries, because the citizen has, by reason of theafore-mentioned education, his beloved "classics". In themuseums are the most wonderful pictures, and people whowould never think of visiting them are indignant that thereis being charged an entrance fee on certain days and juston those days when they intended to revel in Art. Musicalways had" to be paid for in cash, but there, one has theadvantage of sitting in a comfortable chair now you,dear reader, if you meet men and women who speak to youin strange-sounding voices, whose language seems differentfrom your own and therefore foreign to your own self; ifyou see their paint'ngs which are strange to your eyesbecause your eyes have never seen their like before, do notjoin the chorus of the Romans. Do not assail them becauseit is more coiliforaible to walk the path trodden by themillions. But try t) be yourself—your unbiassed self, and 10,the miracle will be performed and your eyes will see withtheir eyes and your ears will hear with their ears and yourlanguage will become their language and the beauty outsideof you will become a part of yourself and the universe willbe a part of you and you will be a part of the universe. Thejoy of others will be your joy, and your sorrow will be thesorrow of the wond; and you will be nearer—oh, so muchnearer to the solution of your existence before you have toreturn to the nothing out of which you came. The Nutshell "Taking tea with Longfellow" is the pleasant experienceof A. G. Heaton, the Editor of this unique communicationsent out by him into the world quarterly. The Art Critic This new magazine devoted to art criticism contains verylittle criticism of art. I do not believe that is is essentialto know market values and financial returns of pictures inorder to appreciate their artistic merits. The New Review An additional feature of this critical survey of InternationalSocialism is the publication of a complete play in each issue."Will he come back?" by Felix Grendon is not bad. The Edison Monthly The historical articles and illustrations of the same by oldand rare prints add importance to the monthly numbers ofthis magazine. "The Descent of the Brick" draws attentionto a subject otherwise scarcely thought of to write about. The Last of the War Correspondents _ In the garden he pQses and we talk but it is to von Krieg- elstein he gives all his attention. Villa does not smoke. Wehave_ the word of the New York World editorially for this.That is why he is rolling a corn shuck continuously. Pardonthe degressions. Poor Villa is the most maligned aristocratin Mexico. He really loves the common people enough tomake them behave and work for the common good which willbe headed by Pancho Villa. See Government of the UnitedStates for a parallel. Only V ill a will have to shoot a fewmore deluded peons who are with the Carranza army beforethe common good comes about. The baron likes Villa. Heremarks after the meeting:"Villa is an orang-outang with the heart of a tiger.""Will he rule Mexico?""Absolutely, and the best that can happen to them."Merely opinion, but von Kriegelstein has seen twenty-oneyears of revolution. It is now possible to get an article out,for the announcement comes that the wires to the United'States are open. This is August the sixth, and the baron isinterested to learn that his country is now at war with mostof Europe. Even Chihuahua is excited although used to warfor four years and there is no war just as interesting as yourown. There are reservists to gather at once, whohave been officers in Austria. They must be financed out ina hurry for they all know something of benefit to Austriarp 11 *ine baron must go.Von Kriegelstein shows excitement for the first time. Thisis the great war that he has lived for. I hurry with him, fornow it is useless to try and send any Mexican news. Hemust have one interview with General Felipe Angeles, theartillery commander. General Angeles is no slouch. TheFrench Government wants him in Europe this minute totake charge of artillery there. He is acknowledged in secretcircles of Europe to be the best military expert in the world.Yes, he is a Mexican. He has more and better artillery thanthe United States. He also has more than one day's am- munition for it. No, he will not invade the United States.He is too good a general for that, although he imagines hemight be able to hold the Southern State for a year. Theconversation is in highly technical French.General Angeles knows the baron. They figure out someinvolved things. Shucks, but von Kriegelstein is the type ofcorrespondent who foolishly acquired military knowledge inthe absurd belief it made him better able to understand andreport war. Not needed now. Didn't think I needed it myselfuntil I knew the baron a while. Languages helped somewhat,too. Witness him that day.He speaks French with General Angeles, goes to the littlerestaurant under the Hotel Francia and jabbers a moment inChinese with the proprietor, talks Spanish on the street, entersthe Hotel Palaccio to get a draft cashed and talks with the Danish owner in Danish, meet Ihmkoff, the Russian salesmanfor a shoe company in St. Louis, damns him out and hiscountry in satisfactory Russian, hurries me along in English,chats an instant in Turkish with a salesman who has beenmarooned probably as a punishment for trying to sell orientalrugs and winds up by bowing in Japanese to the attache whohas just come over from Torreon. He could have spdken tothe Jap in Jap, because his complete repertoire of languagesis fourteen, in six of which he writes articles. English helikes best, because there are some hundred thousand morewords to pick and choose a meaning than in any otherlanguage. So he says, but I have never verified it.Are you beginning to believe that the last of the war cor- respondents was von Kriegelstein?Before we left Chihuahua, the Russian attempts to have thebaron murdered, a matter of money there, the same as inNew York. The man selected is the renegade Brooks, anAmerican army deserter, who is playfully accurate with apistol when executing helpless Federal officers. He is affec- tionately known as "Fierro's Gringo" and lives up to thequality of his master. But he meets the wrong man in vonKriegelstein, who promises to shoot him out of hand. Brooksmeans nothing, he says, and produces an American army coltautomatic marked United States property. He will removethe magazine to explain the new colt to the baron. He doesremove it and is about to point the empty pistol at the baronwhen von Kriegelstein covers him with his own pistol tellinghim to take out the bullet that remains. Brooks is verysurprised that he should have made such a mistake. Heremoves the bullet. There is no accident. Statement of the Ownership, Management, etc., of Bruno'sWeekly, published weekly at New York, N. Y., for April Ist,1916, required by Act of August 24th, 1912. Editor:—GuidoBruno, Post Office address, 58 Washington Square, NewYork, N. Y., Managing Editor, Guido Bruno; Business Man- ager, Guido Bruno; Publisher, Charles Edison, LlewellynPark, W. Orange, N. J. Owners: Charles Edison and GuidoBruno. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other securityholders, holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds,mortgages or other securities: None. Signed, Charles Edi- son. Sworn and subscribed to before me this 29th day ofMarch, 1916, Frederick Bachmann, Notary Public, State ofNew Jersey. My commission expires July 2, 1917. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Book*Books for Christmas Giftssingly or in sets for people who have neither time nor oppor*tunlty ta select for themselves, or for those who hare not access to thebest book marts. Why not begin collecting nowtAddress, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.J1 BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq.For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SecPEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor, of MacDougal StreetBeing a bookINWH I C H&lt;we say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-BetGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is a littlehonk uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam*.Sons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates forCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street New York City &gt;vCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Gail* Bthm. MuhwThis Week'# PerformancesHond*7, 8:48 p. m. Bruno PlayersTuesday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersWednesday, 8:48 p. m. Bruno PlayersThursday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersFriday, 8:45 p. m. MuslcaleSaturday, 8:00 p. m. Bruno PlayersSaturday, 8:15 p. m« MuslcaleAak or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free.There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison Recordh * ,Number (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the attar of commercialism■«* . *** &lt; ;&lt;A postal will bring joi, with o«rcompliments, an interesting littlePhone! Stayresant 4570 biography of Mr. Titos. A. Edison