Bruno's Weekly 1 3 Monday July 26, MCMXV naaq_1915-07-26_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 3 Love John W. Draper cre 1 Young Edison in Our Village 1-2 Edison Promotes American Music 2-3 Stevenson's Songs and Draper's Symphony 3 The Edison Stage 3 Everybody Welcome! 4 Drawing by Clara Tice Women, Cat, Rhythm. Illustration 4 A little romance in your heart, a little Michael Monahan cre 4 Rainy Day on Washington Square Illustration 5 Just Time 6 Mosquitoes' Necks D. Molby cre 7 Venetian Song John W. Draper cre 7 The Ragged Edge of Washington Square Illustration 8 GREENWICH VILLAGE! A republic in the air! A 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square MONDAY JULY 26, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 1915 by Qui Jo {Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WBEKXY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Greenwich Village, a Semi-monthly, Edited byGuide Bruno in his Garret on Washington Sq. Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno at58 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly. Love John W. Draper QUT of the sky, the clouds fly high;Verily, merrily, thou and IFlee like the clouds from the world—There's none can find where the clouds are sped;And none where thou and I are fled,In each other's raptured arms enfurled,Far and high,Out of the world. Young Edison in Our Village P HARLES EDISON has made good his various promises.His energy is keeping pace with his enthusiasm. Four- teen days ago he started his activities in Greenwich Villageand he has produced in these fourteen days more positiveresults than all the neighborhood betterment, GreenwichVillage Beautiful—and who knows what committees pro- posed, started and never brought to a resultful finish."I have all the music," he said once, "to satisfy the musi- cal desire and taste of all the millions of New York. Myfather fixes down for eternity the most beautiful music evercomposed, executed by the best interpreters on his records,and I am going to take advantage of all this 'canned music'and bring it to life and make it live and vibrate and resoundright here in the Village, in my fellow-villagers."It is only due to the present absence from New York ofPark Commissioner Ward that arrangements for concerts onWashington Square, executed by one of the most powerfulEdison Discs on two evenings and one afternoon of the week,are not yet concluded. Washington Square has a music pavilion but no appropria- tion for a band, and the concerts Mr. Edison will give on theSquare will be more than appreciated by the thousands ofItalian families who dwell back of the Square and who findhere recreation after the day's work.The series of recitals in Mr. Edison's studio on the cor- ner of Fifth avenue and Eighth street began on the 19th ofJuly. Not only were the large studios filled to the utmostcapacity with eager listeners who had taken advantage of Mr.Edison's invitation, but scores had to be turned away, asthere was not even standing capacity to accommodate them. Edison Promotes American Music On Monday, the 2nd of August, a program is providedfor his studio reception which will initiate a new phase ofMr. Edison's activities in Greenwich Village. He will givethe American composer of music a chance to be heard by thepublic, a chance to earn his place among composers or to berejected.To get a hearing is the hardest thing for the artist, musi- cian and literateur in America. Not that I want to say thatgenius can be silenced by proprietors of art galleries, bymusical impresarios, concert managers, readers of publishinghouses, or purchasing editors of magazines and periodicals.A good word done in this world is never lost. It is bound tobe appreciated some day. But how fortunate is it if this"some day" happens to be in the lifetime of the artist or theauthor or of the musician!The author and artist have it comparatively easy 'toget a show.' To view a painting or a drawing does not takelong and it appeals (or not) to the eye of everybody. If hedoes not succeed in interesting art galleries or magazineeditors, he might find keepers of stores and shops willing toput it on view. He can wrap it up, take it under his arm andmake his endless rounds: they surely will look at it, even ifonly for the sake of courtesy, and a courteous glance mayoften be transformed into interest - - - - into the successof the artist.The writer also will find it not so difficult to get hisreader or a listener. He, too, has the advantage of beingable to take the children of his muse to whomever he wishesto approach. The musician has the hardest stand. The wayfor him to the American public leads through narrow chan- nels. Narrow as the eye of a needle. Our many music hallsseem to exclude American music. There is not one concerthall that would give the American musician a chance to havehis work accepted or rejected by an American public. TheAmerican composer and musician has to bring a pocket fullof clippings telling about the concert he gave in Berlin, inParis, or best of all, in Vienna, if he wants to have a slight chance with the American impresario. The arrangement ofsuch concerts abroad are not only expensive and time-killingbut degrading for the American who has to solicit the ap- olause of a foreign auditorium in order to gain a hearing inlis own country before an American audience."Of course, I know," said Mr. Edison, "that my work in"Greenwich Village won't be of much influence on these pre- vailing conditions. But the American composers whom Iwill give a chance to play at my studio, and in a few weekson my stage, might find encouragement to continue theirwork successfully, and we, the audience, will perhaps hearsomething that is worth while. Every American composerwho has something to offer will be quite welcome to do sobefore my guests. The complications in Europe caused agood many changes in the literary and art life of America.Maybe the time has come that American music will make itsappearance. Greenwich Village has been the birth-place of somany good pictures and literary productions that it wouldbe only natural to see some good music, American music,emanate from out of one of its attics or garrets." Stevenson's Songs and Draper's Symphony On Monday, the 2nd of August, Miss Helen Dutton willsing six songs, a selection from Robert Louis Stevenson'snursery rhymes and sea songs, set to music by Mr. DwightLewis Fiske. Mr. Fiske is one of the youngest Americancomposers and dedicated the music to these heart-winningsongs to Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson, who accepted themand said in a letter to the composer that this was the nearestinterpretation of her husband's words in music. Mr. Fiskewill accompany Miss Dutton on the piano.Mr. John W. Draper, a grandson of the known scientistand nephew of the lately deceased Mrs. Cortlandt Draper,whose portrait painted by Alexander was hung in the NewYork Public Library a few weeks ago, will read on the sameday a selection of his poems. Mr. Draper is a student ofNew York University, and notwithstanding his extremeyouth, author of two books which created considerablecomment.Some gems of classical and contemporary music ren- dered on the Diamond Disc will bring the master composersof the world in close contact with the present. The Edison Stage The plans for Mr. Edison's stage were happily concludedand the first performance will take place in the first week ofSeptember. "The Passing Show of Fifty Years" is the titleof the operette. The curtain is being designed by Clara Tice.The material used is unbleached canvas. The chief figuresof the designs are peacocks and butterflies. Everybody Welcome! Mr. Edison is glad to extend an invitation to his recep- tions, and later on to his performances, to everybody inter- ested. All tickets of admission can be had on applying byletter. The seating capacity is limited to two hundred andfifty seats, and therefore, applicants who cannot be accom- modated for the asked-for performance will be taken intoconsideration, if so desired, in the following week. Drawing by Clara Tice Women,Cat,Rhythm. Michael Monahan A little romance in your heart, a little in- vention in your head, a little iron in your pur- pose,— these things will keep a man in theworld as long as it is decent for him to stay. Rainy Day on Washington Square Just Time !Lf Y garret has six windows. Through every one the sun* is shining, bathing the table with the typewriter ina shower of pure golden rays. The laundry that hangs alongwash lines between the houses of little Italy near by seemsreal white, swinging joyfully to the rhythm of a teasingwind. A few of my neighbors seem to love vivid, glaringcolors. There is one red nightshirt, on which I feast my eyesevery other week. Its owner must be a giant with longarms. I fancy he brought it from Naples or Sicily. The shirtwill fade and will go the way of all shirts and he'll buy niceflannel pajamas—all Italians wear pajamas, there are dozensof them on the lines in front of my window; and he willforget his sunny Italy and lose his sun-browned cheeks, andhow long will it be and he will be one of the thousands ofpale, uniformly clad New Yorkers?Doing the same work, shoulder to shoulder with thous- ands of others makes people uniform. Some elevate them- selves up to the standard of the average, some come downto the standard of the average. But after a while they willall be equal, they all will wear the same clothes, they willwalk in the same manner, they will eat the same kind offood, make the same gestures, use the same language; andall for one purpose to make their daily bread.Over there across the back yard in front of my garreta woman leans over the washtub. She never looks up tothe forget-me-not blue sky; she doesn't see the sparrowsfighting for crumbs of bread on the fence. Her husbandleans somewhere in a shop over his work and is angrybecause tiny little rays of the kind sun peep through theblinded windows, fascinated by the needle in his hand anddance in jolly little circles over his work. Not to become pau- pers is the tragedy that kills happiness, transforms proudand free humans into bent and worn slaves; that createshuman automatons.It is the lack of time that makes millions wretched.They cannot look up to the skies and see the passing clouds—they have not time. They cannot see the awakening ofspring, the growth of youth in nature—they have no time.They do not admire the beauty and the colors of flowers, theydo not smell their fragrance—they have no time. They don'thear the birds singing; they don't hear the cooing of babiesand the heart gladdening chattering of children—they haveno time.Time, time—just a little time to live is the real plea ofthe poor man.And how beautiful is life—how wonderful is just reallife, even without the comforts and blessings of civilization.Life is love, but we need time—just time to do nothing butto live and to love. Mosquitoes' Necks By D. Molby IT is absolutely necessary for the mosquito to have hishead securely fastened to his shoulders, and his neck isthe only thing there is to do it. No matter how sharp his billis, he couldn't push it through the skin of the person he isperched on except by having a strong neck. His wholeweight, if he stood straight up on end, would not press itthrough. So what he does is to catch onto the skin with hisfeet and then by contracting the muscles of his legs andholding his neck rigid he can put enough pressure onto hisbill that it goes right through.It is a wonder that with all this strain he does not breakhis neck. It is only a slender little thing—short, and all outof proportion to the rest of him. But it is big enough to dothe business. If it were any bigger, there is no telling wherehe would stop, for there is plenty of length in his bill still togo on. Were he to push it clear in! One couldn't stand it,and would surely catch that mosquito and do something tohis neck. Venetian Song John W. Draper Not yet risen is the moon;But the stars burn bright.Come, come to me, loved one,Come!Gliding o'er the gray lagoon,Robed in night—The tapers of the sky are lit,Far and high—Vapors on the breezes flit,Form and lieLike incense fanned at pagan fanes;And a sighUpon the wind, within my heart,Rises—wanes—Not yet risen is the moon;Dim, the air of night.Come, come to me, loved one,Come!Down the darkly-hued lagoonInto sight. The Ragged Edge of Washington Square GREENWICH VILLAGE! A republic in the air! Agathering of constantly changing men and womenthat have a past or have a Suture and live in both.A gathering of people that worship the highestideals, constantly building bridges from one illusionto another, not noticing the mud that covers theirroads and that is thrown after them from all sides.GREENWICH VILLAGE! Refuge of saints condemnedto life in Use crude hard realistic world, you play- ground of sensation—thirsty women with a yellowstreak and of men that mistake the desire to sowwild oats for artistic inclination. GREENWICH VILLAGE IWhere genius starved and gave the world the bestif had, where fortunes were squandered and fortunesmade, where heavens of earthly bliss prevail andtortures of hell are suffered, where night and daycease to be the regulating element of the World,where new ideas are developed Into systems, intosystems that will be overthrown tomorrow andsubstituted by others that will not live any longer.