Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 1, No. 4 (1922-02) naap_1922-02_01 Princeton University Library 3 types of paper (wrapper, inside, glossy image) 100 22.3 32 page numbering continuous with previous issue images are glued in Based on Century The back cover contains Broom logo cover in wrappers glued; inside stitched/sewn Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 3/6 . Sylvia Beach Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Alfred Kreymborg edt pbl Giuseppe Prezzolini edt pbl Broom pbl Librarie de France dst Ernesto Fratoni prt 'L'Universelle' Imprimerie Polyglotte, Roma prt 1 4 February 1922 18, Trinità dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy Three East 9th Street, New York New York Cecil Palmer Oakley House 14-18 Bloomsbury St. W. C. I London Broom Cover Design Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Suburban Landscape P. Selver cre 3 A Roman Night Paul Morand cre H. A. L. trl 4-13 Czecho-Slovak Painting Jan Zrzavy cre Illustration 4 New York, A Farewell Emmy Veronica Sanders cre 14-18 Still life. Carlo Carrà cre Illustration 14 A Note on the New Russsian Poetry Louis Lozowick cre 19-25 [Decoration and Costumes from Conte de Hoffman] Jakouloff cre Illustration 19 A Note on the New Russian Theatre Elie Ehrenbourg cre 26-29 [Costumes from L'Annonce faite à Marie] Vesnin cre Illustration 26 L'Annonce faite à Marie — I. acte. Illustration 27 Proteus Paul Claudel cre John Strong Newberry trl 30-60 Heliographs Bayard Boyesen cre 61 Ishijima Paul Eldridge cre 62-63 The Offering of Plebs Jean de Bosschère cre 64-70 You have not seen that I am the poor man Jean de Bosschère cre Illustration 66 Institutrice esthète Jean de Bosschère cre Illustration 67 Fox-Trot: "When Solomon Met the Queen of Sheba" Osbert Sitwell cre 71-73 The Cockerell Allardyce Cromartie cre 74-76 The Man with a Wounded Hand Josef Capek cre Illustration 74 Josef Capek. The Drinker Josef Capek cre Illustration 75 Dedicated to the Enemy Gordon Craig cre 77-88 Comment H. A. L. cre 89-98 Broom completes its first volume with the present number... 99 [The artist, gracefully gesticulating...] Maxwell Bodenheim cre 100 [Broom logo] Illustration 100 BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Americans in Italy Editors, Harold A. Loeb, Alfred Kreymborc. — Associate Editor, Giuseppe Prezzolini Vol *- J &gt; No&gt; 4- FEBRUARY, 1922 Page Suburban Landscape — P. Server 2 &amp;9 Czecko-Slovak Painting — Jan Zrzavy 290 A Roman Night — Paul Morand (Trans, by H. A. L.) 291 Still Life — Carlo Carra 3 00 New York, A Farewell — Emmy Veronica Sanders 3 01 Princess Brambila Designed by Jakouloff 3°5 A Note on the New Russian Poetry — Louis Sozowick 306 «L'annonce faite a Marie » Costumes — G. Vesnin . 3 12 A Note on the New Russian Theatre — Elie Ehrenbourg 3*4 Proteus — Paul Claudel Heliographs — Bayard Boyeson 347 Ishijma — Paul Eldridge 34$ The Offering of Plebs — Jean de Bossch&amp;re 35° You Have Not Seen that lAm the Poor Man — Jean de Bosschere 352 Institutrice Esthete — Jean de Bosschere . . . 353 Fox Trot — Osbert Sitwell 357 Czecho-Slovack Painting — Joseph Capek 360 Czecho-Slovack Painting — Joseph Capek 361 The Cockerell — Allardyce Cromartie 362 Dedicated to the Enemy — Gordon Craig • 3^3 Comment — H. A. The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editors cannot hold themselves responsible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. fromEurope should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is : For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year s subscription. For Italy,. 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, Trinita dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy. New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. London Office, Cecil Palmer, Oakley House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. 289 SUBURBAN LANDSCAPE. Pallid with heat, a taut metallic sky Is looped above the siding, drably scarred With rails that flank a sooty engine-yard, Ash-heaps and sheds and roofing all awry. Derelict mouse-grey trucks are mirrored by The sepia of a mute canal, where charred Gasometers squat sullenly on guard, And barges drowse and boilers faintly sigh. Tonight the arc-lamps, poised from slender stems, Will bloom like silvery fruits. Signals will gleam With shifting specks of jade and crimson gems. Then music : hiss and gasp of throttled steam, Staccato gamut of the shunted trains, And murmurous diapason of the cranes. P. Selves. Czecho-Slovak Painting. Jan Zrzavy. 291 A ROMAN NIGHT. In the hotel garden, some cats were singing. A dog dispersed them with much barking ; then came back hanging out his tongue, blue from having eaten blackberries or fountain pens. While we attacked our trunks, in chaotic disor - der, the mother of Isabelle waited in the hall. She was a little woman, excessively preserved by milk of cucumbers and egotism ; her wrinkles knotted behind her ears, her bosom sowed with a row of false pearls whose nautical originals she held in her hand in a little bag of crocodile skin. When she saw me she cried out: " I confide my daughter to you. Isabelle does not want to go back to France with me. She permits no constraint. She is like the air. Nothing matters to her. You, Monsieur, you are a scholar, a man of sense ; watch over her. Where is she ? She is here no longer. Gone God knows where, without a maid. She has carried off some bottles, a quilt, and a spade with which to kill lizards, saying that she hoped for nothing more from me and that my hypocrisy irritated her. This young lady drinks like a sink, and all liquors without distinction. Nothing which used to amuse us, the four step, Hungarian lace, the horse show, Venetian painting, interests her. Every thirty years the world sheds a skin and us with it. At your age, I tell her, I had five children. And she replies : ' That must have given you a pretty belly. ' She is indifferent to clothes ; she refuses to go out into society. My scruples and my prejudices enchant her. She en - deavors to amuse herself with everything, but by ridicule. She knows nothing. No taste for art. That which she writes has no sense. Morally one would say that she has gone to pieces ; she is everyone's prey ; she congratulates herself on everything that happens or scoffs at it; she calls herself accursed but laughs about it. I shall miss my train. Truly a worm is in the fruit. Tell me what is this madness ? " " It is a generation sacrified, Madame ; the men have become soldiers, the women, fools. Fate has again aj)portioned us a pretty lot of calamities. " She stopped the motor which prevented our hearing one another. " Note that up to the age of fifteen there never was a better brought-up child, " she said, entrusting me with the key of her room which she had omitted 292 to give back to the porter. (I myself forgot about this key until the heavy tri - angle of copper to which it was attached had made a hole in my pocket large enough for it to gain the street.) Graphological Study By Professor Ovide. Study No. 34. — Isabeixe. Handwriting of a young woman of refined and sufficiently mobile physiog - nomy. Strong constitution. Although she lives in luxury, it is doubtful whether she belongs by birth to an aristocratic milieu. Intelligence superficial; but quite adequate for pleasing ; ideas personal without always being logical. Dispo - sition difficult. More of a coquette than she would care to admit, she keeps to a fixed deport - ment and is antipathetic to that which is too licentious. More independent than proud ; even to a fault in this regard. Expansive and amiable in society. Her sincerity is subservient to caution. Heart half dry, tender by fits. Need of authority and influence over persons loved. Sensuality, which exists, is not of a delicate character. Cunning on oc - casion. I reread this graphological study of Isabelle which I had asked Professor Ovide, of St. Mans-les-Fosses, to prepare on one of our first days. I used it to know her better, long enough to discover that the diagnosis was false. Expe - rience left nothing of it but some half-humurous trifles in the lingo of mind - readers, at which she was the first to laugh. Isabelle had an" impulsive temperament and a reserved character. I only had the leisure to find this out and to make her acquaintance in a general way after we had enjoyed together that pleasure which formerly was used to crown or to seal the affections. In truth, the night even of our first meeting, at the Teatro Valle, she told me that I looked like a sycamore, and we embraced each other in the carriage which brought us to her mother's. The rules of the game were found to be much simplified. Passion lost thereby its graduated interest, but th£ sway of sentimental, magnetic and chemical exchanges ruled more freely and gained in verity ; and we in lucidity. Isabelle confessed to me afterwards that she neglected no occasion to proffer this spontaneous gift of her person ; she acted thus from an excess of modesty, 293 not hesitating to sacrifice her virtue ; she rejoiced in it as an aid to her intelli - gence and to her sensitiveness. In reality her intelligence was mediocre and I doubt if her sensibility had ever corrupted this heart " half dry, tehder by fits " that Professor Ovide had defined for me. At any rate here we found ourselves on the ground floor of a trusting intimacy which rarely is the privilege of people without prejudices. By a curious regres - sion, which doubtless was the result of the manner in which we made each others' acquaintance — so true is it that one cannot invert the natural order of things without danger — I was not slow in experiencing for Isabelle all the customary phases of sentiment, but in reverse order. In the beginning, indifference and fatigue followed by that tenderness which results from the pleasure of winning love, and ending in curiosity and play. We saw each other very often. Isabelle spent several long months in Rome, not that I was ever able to guess what held her in this unpicturesque and deso - late town. When I asked her, jokingly, if she expected to end her days there : " Perhaps, " she said, " and before long. " Her pension looked out upon the old fortifications in the vicinity of the Porta Pia. My life looked out on a court from the second floor of the Palazzo Farnese, for I was a pupil of the Ecole de Rome. I kept there a card index, a ladder to reach the books on the highest shelves in the library, and a muddy inkwell. When six o'clock rang, I would take leave of my dear master in the cor - ner room. He read low African authors seated in an armchair of emerald velvet, surrounded by Angoras and other cats the color of pumice stone, such as one finds around the Trajan Column. I have not forgotten his eyeglasses poised on his forehead like two great icicles, his white hair rebellious as the character under - neath, nor his head like an old peasant Erasmus which stood out in silhouette against a milky Janiculus. Then I reached the court through several corridors ravaged by draughts. The concierge, the same who discreetly sold antiqui - ties in the depths of his den and retailed the feet of the Farnese Hercules, inclined to me a smile hung from his silver stripes. On the shore of the Tiber, Isabelle waited for me. We returned on foot to the higher quarters. Her physique amazed in that countiy of women with long busts and short thighs. She had a minute head which she claimed was filled with water, to excuse her follies. She had never been capable of possessing a body. From her shoulders she instantaneously divided into two legs thin and pointed in the shape of a compass which moved her forward by pricking off the pavement. She wore on her left ankle a heavy slave bracelet of sculptured copper which made her limp. 294 Before a third party she quite willingly'kept silent, but in tete-a-tete, let herself go saying everything she thought. She but little liked acquaintances, particularly those one meets in hotels and pensions, in which she was wrong — for anything is preferable to a friendship which endures and for the endurance of which one is obliged to espouse every form of a twofold hazard and become a hybrid monster, expensive, and greedy of sacrifices. When I warned her against asceticism : " The true ascetics are the amateurs of society. My mother, for example. Vices and virtues. For them, the social world takes the place of everything. " Isabelle hated her mother, never missing an occasion of making her ridi - culous and only praising her when she was absent. At table she seemed to lie in wait for a chance to pounce on her. She smiled, puckering her narrow as if to introduce her interlocutor to a complete idea and to invite a response; she ended her sentences by holding out her opened hands, the insides of which were painted a bright rose. Usually she was without wit, except, as with all women, in her letters. The fragments of her diary which she showed me seemed destitute of value. But she spit up blood, won money from me at poker by cheating, and had a lively taste for lies which contrasted with an extreme physical bravery. I have seen her, in the course of an accident, give first aid, forgetting to dress her own injuries. During thirty - six months of the war she drove a field ambulance at Noyon. In her room Isabelle ordered a drink, pausing over the glass, half empty ; her eyes filled with tears, as if the draught had opened some mysterious and sen - sitive portal, then without lifting her face from the glass, she went on drinking. She seated herself tailor fashion 011 the carpet, crossing her legs underneath, not without dry arthritic crackings of her bony knees, and smoked without ces - sation with the air of a lazy cat. Thus she remained for hours, inactive, cynical and genital. In the spring, Isabelle made some acquaintances. She had lived alone all winter. " What do you think of Igor ? " I reproached him for his beauty, his venomous eyes, and for the clamour of the colored placards in which Igor, the great movie star, stood forth in a dress suit on desolate shores, or as a poor student in an upholstered vestibule, his ir - ritating profile silhouetted against dormer windows, his sallow skin punctuated with stars, his hands pallid with cream beside those of teamsters telling fortunes in dives. " He looks like a maple tree, " said Isabelle. 295 Igor is Greco-Irish. His father is a general in Greece and his mother the wife of a general in Ireland. The first time I met him at Isabelle's, she weighed the two of us. " Ivife is a tissue of contrasts, " sighed she. This was the phase when Isabelle took to kidney-vetch, surrounded herself with prismatic crystals, breakfasted on ginger bread, acquired a Florentine cupboard bed ; received each day a magnolia from an unknown hand, and gave strange orders to the servants ; it was impossible fox her to touch suede without fainting. She shut herself off from life by specious reasonings; she received me reclining on panther skins and her words became elliptical. One day she took me into her room. Above her bed were pinned an assort - ment of bills, letters, photographs of foot racers, and' a placard on which I read : Do not forget to make love on Saturday with Igor. I felt I should not question her. But she looked at me : " Your eyes are dull, " she said. " The eyes of Igor are crystal. I don't like resigned heroes. " "As for me I like women who make their own hats, and who speak of the deceptions of existence. " "As you like. But beware of falling of the womb. " She placed her glass on the disc of the phonograph and watched it turn to the sound of " Naples ! I want to die, 'neath your enchanted sky. " " You ..." " Don't talk, " she interrupted. " I feel what you are going to say : 'My God ! that a woman who does not love me can be such a hussy. ' Or perhaps ' Stick to me, you will see, I will bring you luck. Igor had a friend, Wanda. Isabelle introduced me to her: she was Polish and believed in ghosts. We made several nocturnal excursions to the site of Ostium. I sat on the bracket seat. Isabelle had Wanda on her right, Igor on her left, and held under her hands their similar fingers. Her sincerity discon - certed me. To keep from abuse, I joked : " I would rather be the first in my village than the second in Rome, or the third ..." Under cover of my gracefulness and insolence I laid bare my lost and found sufferings. I would have wished to live near Isabelle and to love her as completely as when far away. But in the evening I found myself discovering in her that which I was obliged in the morning to detest, her imprudences and the prompt - itude and low character of her entertainments. Through Wanda, Isabelle learned to know the odor of red hair, the explanation of her afternoon melancholy, the best addresses for silk jerseys, unpublished 296 Levantine solitaire on a horoscopic base, and to kill bees in order to suck their honey. This was the regime of lemons, of shaddocks, of jujubes and of tri-colored bonbons. Isabelle painted lozenges and spirals on her trunks, searched far and wide for devices, sent anonymous letters to statesmen, bought mosaic brooches, wore chasubles, disturbed her quarter by nocturnal uproars, extolled poverty, and discovered she was afflicted by aortic lesion. During this period I was less unhappy. Isabelle summoned me to a meeting in the public gardens. On a bench she told me that she would commit suicide with gas, and that she did not wish to be carried into a drug-store. Laughable and pale, she repeated : " I am at a cross-roads ..." To console her I cited these verses of the good La Fontaine of Ravignan street : Child Hercules found two roads on his route One leading to vice the other to virtue Continuing the first he would doubtless have found Some bifurcations which would have confused him. I met Wanda one morning. It was on the Piazza S. Isidoro. In building a branch of the Banca Commerciale, they had excavated by chance a temple of Jupiter. The illustrated papers were taking photographs. It was an occasion for a promenade. It was raining. All mauve and green, Wanda was domiciled in an unsinkable waterproof. I upbraided her for her spirit of domination, her skillful fencing, her sweet and nasty habits, in a word, for the ambuscade into which Isabelle had fallen. " Don't you know, " said she, " how I met Isabelle ? My hair is red, but it is she who is jealous. She waited until morning in front of Igor's door. It was I who came out. She spoke without knowing me. " I want a word with you, " she said. " I led her away to my rooms. She remained there .. . We were more than a week without daring to confess to Igor. " Unclosed by a screen of reed cane, the sub-basements of the bank were vis - ible among which a two-faced Jupiter had just been brought to life, frigid and dominating, the first vice-president. " My story doesn't please you ? " It hurts me to see how all you women of today are disorderly and un - productive. " " Complain all you like .. . But believe me, all these vagrancies of Isabelle are only mortifying experiences destined to humiliate her pride. 297 " You are but an amiable sophism, " I answered, and left her. Wanda called after me : " Do you really find that I look like a holly-oak tree ? " Then Isabelle invented a mulatto. His name was Jock and his trousers hung from a nickel-plated belt. He inscribed on hardwood floors with the toe and heel of his polished shoes, magic characters which one wished to decipher. His nails like pink drops stopped at the ends of his fingers. Without apparent effort, either forward or backward, he could touch the ground with his woolly hair. He worshipped fetiches and adored ladies' purses. One saw them toge - ther at the Palatino and at the Excelsior bar. Isabelle was about to sing his praises but I got in the first blow. " Don't tell me that he looks like a wild rose tree. " In a little while she developed a taste for denatured alcohol, plug tobacco, clog dancing, the noisiest ragtime, vermillion tablecloths, gooseberry colored satin knickerbockers, a cloak made of patches placed end to end. " Jock loves me, " said Isabelle. "He has asked me for letters and photo - graphs. His skin is crackled to imitate porcelain. He has prehensile feet and goes down trees like a cat, head foremost. He is enormous. . . How does Buff on put it in speaking of elephants, a monster of matter ? He also knows how to forge signatures and pick locks. W 7 hen he comes to see me he says : 'I cannot leave you without carrying off something of yours. ' " She added : " I love him also. We attracted each other at once like ma - gnetized bars. His great black hand on my forehead, and headaches pass away; must I lose your esteem for this ? And my mother claims I am unmanage - able ! A change of love works on me as a change of air on others. It per - forms miracles. " " What a queer couple ! And never divided by boredom ? " " Never. But all this is dangerous and complicated. I will explain it to you some day. " What was his hour at Isabelle's ? One never ran into him. But we received anonymous envelopes which contained monstrous photographs of our friend. Looking more closely, we noticed that the head had been cut out and glued on. I discovered in a pawnbroker's on the Trastevere a bracelet that I had given her. Wanda told me. " Yesterday morning, I was in my room ; I was dressing. Some one rang. Being alone, I did not open. " Who is there ? " 298 Behind the door someone muttered : " Let me in ; it's a friend. " I did nothing. Some one went down the stairs and that was all. Meanwhile Isabelle disappeared, as I have told, at the very moment her mo - ther was leaving Rome. I waited, knowing that she would not put off giving me a sign. Nothing happened. Her absence sometimes was agreeable, but more often distressing : we cease having a taste for mystery when our friends prove themselves amateurs of enigma. I accumulated fears. After a day without her, my room, in the evening would give but a cold reception , I lived on exaspe - rations, deploring the blemishes of life, hastening to mingle with the crowds on the streets, reacting to the headlines of the newspapers; I was a scholar, I could not accustom myself to live, as is necessary these days, without documentation, without preliminary investigations, going to press madly every moment. One evening I found Igor and Wanda on a terrace. They were taking a drink the colour of colchicum before the petrified furbelows of the church of Jesus. Isabelle had given no indication of life to anyone. " I onlv know from the masseuse, " said Wanda, that she has rented a house outside of the walls. Pavillion 12, in a Boche villa which has a name like a cafe. Just beyond la Porta del Popolo, a hole between two hills, in which lies a garden damp and crushed by shade ..." Igor interrupted her. " The proprietor springs from a German story with a black knitted bonnet and a beard full of bats ? He lives in the central chalet with some watchdogs who intone the death rattle under the doors ? It is the same one. I know the place, we acted a film there. " " Let's take supper to her, unexpectedly, " I said. " Surprise Party. " We put into the carriage champagne, a basket of fruit and five pounds of ice. The horse had to stop half way up the hill. We were weighed down with provisions, the gate was open. Igor and Wanda were puffing in the dark, imitating every kind of a stable noise, and on their hands the noise of kissing. The howling of dogs shattered the night. We sought our way under the semi-circles of the fig trees. Then the path twisted and stopped before a cur - tain of bamboos, rubbing their leaves. It was even more like the jungle, as the roar of a lion resounded from the zoological garden of the villa Borghese nearly. A white pavilion marked No. 12. 299 Wanda knocked, softly at first, then more strongly. We called. A field mouse scampered off. We paused, grouped, silent, dazed by the darkness, our arms loaded with bottles. The ice burned my fingers. Igor suggested entering by going round the garden. We scaled the wall helped by a pine tree whose cones fell with a crash. Not a sound, not a light, inside. I struck a match. It revealed a stoop. The door was open. I turned the switch. A central lamp hanging from a chain burned us alive, flooding the salon with white daylight. We smelled the odor of musk ; Igor put the cham - pagne on the ground and ran forward. In the bedroom, Isabelle lay on the floor, naked, notionless, with black marks around her neck. From the French of Paul, Morand. Carlo Carrà. Still life. 301 NEW YORK, A FAREWELL. There is a Tintoretto or a Veronese — somewhere. A fresco, I believe. Ido not now remember. It does not matter. The only thing that stands out clearly from it in my memory is the bold figure of a woman sitting — her back against the monumental staircase of a church or temple — one arm hanging down loosely from the knee — the hand of the other shading a pair of keen old hawk's eyes gazing at something — intently She is a wicked thing — she is a strong old witch — she might be exer - cising some black magic. . . You are that Witch — New York ! I've thought of you sitting thus — often. Leaning your broad and bony back, your strong hard frame, against a Continent — you gaze across intently, expectantly — shading your keen old hawk's eyes. You gaze across the waters. There's magic in that gaze. And so they keep coming and coming . You are a fierce old Witch ! You are a trickster. The first time I approached you I got tricked. Our liner, on a misty night, crept toward Manhattan. (My memory con - tained no skyscrapers, those days). They loomed up through the mist. Said I: What are those strange old ruins ? Ruins ? ? — They laughed. — It's skyscrapers you see. Broadway — the Battery — dear old New York. Wake up, child ! We have no ruins here. No ruins here — dear old New York ? What else are you but ruins, Sorceress ? What else do you draw strength from, what else is it you squeeze between your claws, what else is it you feed on ? 302 You — City of the Rootless and the Homeless. You — Figure with your back on the Not-Yet and with your eyes on the No-Longer ! No ruins here ? They've called you a terrible city, New York. A city without equal for wickedness and cruelty, for chaos, magic, promise ... O the things you keep whispering under your fierce hot breath, the things you keep mumbling between those hard old lips — as you sit there with your frame supported by a Continent, with your eyes gazing across ! The incanta - tions and the magic formulas you whisper, stammer, mutter in a tongue that is no tongue . . . No ruins here ? Even your language — what else is it made of but ruins of languages ? A cross between no-longer and not-yet ? I've heard you of an evening — gibbering, gabbling rapidly (always rapidly) —- whetting your teeth on the shards and fragments of a hundred languages — I've tried to understand your speech, Old Character. But who can under - stand a speech that is a hundred speeches of the Past — a thousand of the Pre - sent — a million of the Future, all in one ? — I've tried to make you out — you Witch. To size you up. To get your measure, (It's you yourself have taught me those expressions). I've sat of an evening looking at you. At your strange little ways — at your abomi - nable — well — characteristics . . . There are Cities, you know, with beautiful gardens — velvety grassplots all bordered with flowers. Tremendous Cities even, careful of appearances, graceful and trim, made fair by artists' hands. Cities of race and lineage — And You — Who are nobody — everybody — a monstrous thing of mixtures — an old mongrel — You sneer at flowers, fairness, artists' hands. You sneer at race and lineage. Your hard eyes glitter at the word contemptuously. The flowers bordering your mangy grassplots are human beings... And printed papers are your butterflies ... Posies of papers sway in the night breeze — black and white butterfly papers frisk on your lawns, shine in the grasses. Your spring nights — they are redolent — of printer's ink. You chuckle, Witch ? You go on shading those keen eyes with the merciless hand — the claw - like hand — gazing for more to come and more — more human flowers to edge your mangy grassplots ? More ruins to feed on — Old Insatiable ? 303 You're doing a brisk business, Hawk-Eyed One ! Keeping that halfway - house (for transients only . . .). A halfway-house for wanderers from no-longer to not-yet . . . You're doing a brisk trade — in ruins. Ruins of styles and traditions, ruins of aims and desires, ruins of faiths and homes — of all the settled structures of the earth. You carry on a trade — in withered roots. You buy the no-longer. You. sell — the not-yet. You are a sly one. There is nothing about you of the maternal, Old I f ady ! One does not lest his head on your old bosom — one does not, softly, sink into your lap. One haggles with you — one haggles — for a bit of soul to keep, or for a dream to rescue from the bargain — for some old precious curio to hide. You are a fierce old Witch, New York [ You City of the Rootless and the Homeless — your strong hard frame against a Continent — your keen eyes gazing so intently — And your thin lips that always mutter : No longer . . . Always Not yet. . . You are a trickster. There is another trick you've played on me. Your last one. Was it black magic ? Was it a wizard's potion — given while I slept ? For I had sworn to hate you (as others swear). To hate you fiercely — merciless fierce Thing ! Have I not called you names — gambler in rootless souls, buyer of ruins, shrewd innkeeper for all the tribes that wander — ? Have I not seen you sitting thus — gibbering and gabbling in a hundred tongues — that broad and bony back leaning so carelessly — that hawk's beak ? (a Tintoretto or a Veronese ...?). You rose — one twilight — suddenly — You rose — and passed me — lost in dreams — heeding me not. You of the harsh staccato name, of the crude market gestures — could that be you — New York ? Your eyes — there was a wistfulness in them. . . You whispered softly to yourself — you spoke in a new language — my ear caught song. — I saw your stone flesh all diaphanous and radiant like molten amethyst — and the touch of your hands as I felt them in passing was like the touch of one entreating to have her innermost desire understood . . . 304 I saw you — smilingly shedding your flesh as a thing of no consequence (flesh of a strong old Witch exercising black magic). Smilingly shedding surface and reality. I saw the flower soul in you as it bloomed in the twilight — naked and chaste — for the rapturous gaze of the Lover. . . And I who swore to hate you, Trickster ! Great City of the Fleeting Moment — between No Linger and Not Yet. . . Emmy Veronica Sanders. « Princesse Brambila » Conte de Hoffman Kamernä Theatre; Moscow 1920. Decoration and costumes by Jakouloff. 306 A NOTE ON THE NEW RUSSSIAN POETRY Had your international affiliation or personal curiosity led you to the new Jerusalem of Communist Russia in the busy lecture season of 1918, a certain poster would have, doubtless, attracted your attention, for it announced to red Muscovy a discourse of the famous Bolshevik poet Vassily Kamensky. The title of the discourse was : The Career of a Son of a Bitch (Karyera Su - kinavo Syna), and lest you misunderstood the drift and the purport thereof a parenthetic subtitle came obligingly to your aid : The Story of the Russian Intelligentzia (Istoria Russkoy Intelligentzii). The piquant incident is significant. Communist Russia is recasting old standards in new moulds, and in the process, Intelligentzia comes in for a heavy drubbing. Well deserved, it must be admitted. The Intelligentzia dreamt the Revolution, gloried in it, deified it. From Hertzen to Plechanov, from La - vrov to Merezhkovsky the Revolution had been foreseen and foretold with prophetic exactness — its whole course can be narrated in extracts from their works. The Revolution came, and behold the Intelligentzia scatter precipit - ously to all corners of the globe squealing pitifully its disaffection. Well may the poet take it severely and mockingly to task : You trembled apprehensively Iyike children in some happy expectation You welcomed the ruin and tragedy And horror of a new deluge And it came. We hear reverberating thunders Eternal foundations crash into the abyss. Why then do you not plunge into the storm of events 307 Intoxicated by the strangely terrible hurricane ? Why do you still look sadly to the past As to some land of promise ? Is it not because the past has now taken place of the future ? Is it not because : The dream was welcome only from afar And originality pleased you Only in books of poetic inspiration ?• (Vainer y Bryussov "Invective"). Apparently, for revolutionary ardor has evaporated at the first approach of rough reality, and past prejudices still hold the Intelligentzia in the grip. And who is this ? Long haired And speaking in a whisper : ' Traitors ! Russia is lost! * Must be a writer. . . Bi,ok " Twelve "). And sticking out From amidst the cannon roar Is seen the round-shouldered back Of a bespectacled, sickly Intellectual. A shaggy head Is muttering Indignant Words About the importance Of Constantinople And the Straits. (Andrey Byei/v " Christ Is Risen "). The world is shattered to its foundation but the Intelligentzia still cher - ishes its old illusions. Perish the Revolution that the old prejudices might survive. This is how the renegades are regarded by those members of the 308 Ingelligentzia who stuck to the guns. But a further distinction must be drawn between the old and the young. Bryussov, Byely, Blok, Ivanov, Sologub, men already in the 'fifties and the 'sixties came to the revolution with a baggage difficult to discard. Extreme mo - dernists of some twenty years ago, they grew to maturity at a time when envir - onment was so oppressive and life so banal that they might have exclaimed with the poet: Un couchant des Cosmogonies ! Ah ! Que la Vie est quotidienne ! (J. IyAFORGUE " Complainte sur certains ennuis "). Disgusted with the stifling circumambient atmosphere, they retired within their ego whence they exuded, as it were, a protective covering, a subjective poetry that sought respite in Ancient Greece, in the far Orient, in the infinity of the Cosmos. Too skeptic to accept official religion, they built up an ideologic logomachy of "God-seekers" (Bogoiskately) and "God-creators" (Bogostroitely). Mas - ters of ancient and modern languages and literatures, thoroughly versed in old and contemporary philosophy, esthetic theoreticians of a high order, prose writ - ers of great power — it was in poetry that they reached their full stature. Never before had Russian poetry ascended such heights or sounded such depths ; never before had the Russian language exhibited such subtlety, richness, expres - siveness. They brought Russian poetry to a state of excellence that will com - pare favourably with the modern poetry of any nation. The revolution shook them from their torpor but was powerless to transform them completely. True, they turned from dream to reality, they forgot their individual selves to blend with the mass, but they were not sufficiently asser - tive. It is with their pre-revolutionary achievements that their fame rests. But if these men, entrenched behind their deep rooted habits and convic - tions, behave with reticence and speak with reserve, the younger poets ' fling caution to the wind and bring their intemperate excesses into the market place. Shershenevitch, Mariyengoff, Kamensky, Polyetayev, Yesenin, Guera - simov, Kluyev, Mayakovsky throw a challenge to the whole world, exult in terror, blood, dynamite, blaspheme Christ and God, denounce Pushkin and Ra - phael, threaten destruction to the old order, call to universal revolution, cele - brate the reign of labor. In a great outburst of revolutionary patriotism they glorify the Communist fatherland. The German Expressionist poet has well expressed their attitude : 309 Oh Tag der Wonne Tag der Freiheit heiliges Russland ! Nie hat Europa schoneren Tag, nie unsere Jugend herrlicheres Ziel! (Carl Otten " Fur Martinet"). / They sing paeans to the new art and the new life. Art and life are for them indissolubly one. Prikaz for the army of art. The brigades of old men always trudge on slowly The same straggling step To the barricades comrades ! To the barricades of souls and hearts ! Enough of jog-trotting A leap into the future ! Forward singing and whistling ! • •••• •••••••••*••••••••» Enough of penny worth truth Sweep clean every old notion from your heart. The streets are our brushes The public squares our palettes Into the streets, Futurists, Drum players and poets ! (Vladimir Mayakovsky), Dekret about fence literature, decoration of streets, balconies WITH MUSIC, CARNAVAIyS OF ART. Come on fellows — Poets, artists, musicians Roll up your sleeves Yesterday the Tolstoys and Kants had taught you Today it is your own head that works. 310 Let us take all vacant fences Roofs, facades, sidewalks; Let us decorate them to the glory of Freedom Like universal cathedrals. Then follows an injunction for poets to paste their verse on posters all over the city, for painters to decorate it, for musicians to play and sing with and for the nation. There are six working days in the week, And I boldly propose To stage carnivals and processions Every day of rest, In praise of the spirit of Revolution In the world. (Vassixy Kamensky). Technically little change has taken place in Russian poetry during the re - volution. All schools of Europe are represented. The Soviet Government, master — nominally, at any rate — of the printing industry has shown itself ex - tremely indulgent (often too indulgent, one is tempted to say) with the poetic effusions of all schools and tendencies. Studios have been opened for recitation, theoretic analysis, and esthetic discussion of poetry, anthologies have been is - sued, magazines have been published. When the shortage of paper is too great " oral almanaclis " do duty for printed ones. Poetic production has increased to proportions never before attained in Russia. At one end — on the right — are the Proletarian poets who seek simplicity and the Symbolists who seek subtlety ; in the middle are the Imaginists (Ima - ginisty) who seek rich imagery and the Futurists who seek the hidden contact of dissociated ideas ; at the other end — on the left — are the Suprematists who seek the " Zero point of art " and the Nothingists (Nitchevoki) who seem to have found it. Before the revolution Krutchenych thought this admirable : Dir boor shtchill oobyeshtchoor skoom vy so boo rlez 311 And now Malyevitch thinks this superb : Oole Ele I,el Lee One Kon See An Onon Koree Ree Koazambe Moena Lezh Sabno Oratr Tulozh Koaleebee Blestore Teebo Orene Alazh These quotations are as cryptic in the Russian original as in the literal English transcription. The theory of the extreme poetic Left absolves the poet from the use of comprehensible language. The great Russian poet Tyutchev said : A thought once expressed Becomes a lie. The poets of the extreme Left are evidently determined to utter no lie for they express no thought. Poetry is to be sung in a language newly created by each poet, a language empty of logical content but full of emotional signifi - cance. It will not carry intelligibility but communicate emotion to all those whose souls are attuned to receive it, and whose mood and temper are congenial with the poet's own mood and temper. Whether these chosen spirits be ten or a million is of no consequence. In the background of the rich poetic activity there is an abundance of speculation in the social theory of the new art (Lunatcharsky, Bogdanov, Frit - che, Tchukovsky) Russian society — and all other — is passing from the Hell of Capitalism through the Purgatory of Proletarian Dictatorship to the Paradise of Communism. To each different stage corresponds a different form of art (Poetry we know is a whore — ftoesia e una puttana — which is not the least of her merits). Present' Russian art is still wavering between capitalist reality and Communist visions. It would be therefore premature to draw a valedictory of Communist poetry before it found full expression. Daring experiments are tried and incompatible poetic elements often collide and burst into explosion. A school whose phylogenetic evolution, so to speak, five decades else - where is now ontogenetically recapitulated in five months. It is before all else a period of preparation, fermentation, incubation. It may be that some attempts are halting and some experiments crude ; it may be that poetic circles are cluttered. But if the great energy liberated by the tremendous upheaval has not yet crystallized into definite shape, high enthusiasm sustains every ef - fort, and, according to the Communists, when revolution is in full swing, he who whines is an imbecile. And perhaps they are right! LOZOWICK. « L'Annonce faite à Marie ». Costumes by Vesnin. «L'Annonce faite à Marie ». — I. acte. 314 A NOTE ON THE NEW RUSSIAN THEATRE The general tendency of the modern Russian theatre, as in all the other arts, is to drop the former aristocratic isolation of its appeal for one more generally hitman. The whole of existence is now being dramatized. Not that this trend leads to a paradise for dilettanti, or to a relaxation of the essential mastery over the subject matter. In the old folk fairs, held under an open sky, and in the old nature plays, this principle was more evident than in the theatre of our day. In spite of the different character and viewpoints of the various stage workers, they combine in endeavoring to condense the scenic demands. The theatre of the last period, the naturalistic, or rather the chaotic impressionistic, gave us a perfect example of what one might call " anti-theatricalism ". Therefore the present theatre does not develop from the theatre of yesterday, expressed by the Maeterlincks, Andreieffs, etc. but from the previous period, that of the old Span - ish, the old Shakespearean comedies, and from the Russian" Hohlenhandlung ". The present tendency is to ignore completely the intermediate period. It seeks full tones ; not dramas and comedies, but tragedies and burlesques. It draws material from the better class booths at the folk fairs, and from the cir - cus. Finally, the theatre, which to the very last has sought to direct the cinema to a profounder psychological perception, must now learn the proper art of move - ment from its younger brother. But in still greater contradiction to the con - ventional stage formula stands the theatre of Meyerhold. He strives to draw the actors and the public closer. His motto is : Away with the audience box. The footlights are his worst enemies, and every theatre that persists in their use, he ranks as dead. By presenting the " Mystere-Bouffes " of the futuristic writer, Vladimir Majakowski, an heroic and satirical picture of our time, Meyerhold changes the whole theatre into a stage not only placing it in the midst of the public, but per - suading the latter to take part in the performance and this notwithstanding the general untheatrical nature of the Russian masses. He plans to abolish conven - tional memories, to exhibit only the faces and the masquerade and to ignore the script of the play. He demands that the play, from the beginning, must shape itself as it moves along. He regards the work of dramatists as mere problems with the power of automatically unfolding as the production proceeds. There is no doubt that Hamlet, under Meyer hold's direction, would surprise Shakespeare. 315 Another stream, from the same source, flowing in the same direction, expres - ses itself in the Moscow " Kammerspiel The director, Tiarov, endeavors, within the confines of the stage, to preserve only the absolute essence of the play. He stands in the same relation to the theatre as the cubists to the art of painting. Construction, the foundation of our time, permeates the Kammerspiel perfor - mances. He demonstrates that one can formulate movements as one builds houses or aeroplanes. Acting used to be a chaos of different movements, diffe - rent actors moving from different impulses, through different experiences. The force of a unified conception pervades the Kammerspiel. 1 External action is rehabilitated. Actors are forced to learn movements from acrobats. The Kam - merspiel turns away from the former scenic decorations subservient to the pain - ter. A human actor of three dimensions demands a decoration in three dimen - sions. Instead of a painter, an architect is required to present the mathematical formula of our present day. The accompanying pictures exhibit the Kammer - spiel decorative system. In the « Princess Brambilla » by Hoffman the carnival is not a mere sty - listic picture of any particular epoch. It is a representation of the eternal needs of mankind, irrespective of his social surroundings. The treatment as a whole is sternly organized. Yakulov, the decorator, expresses the atmosphere of a fairy story, at the same time avoiding conventional banalities. «I/annonce faite a Marie », by Claudel emerges from its narrow Catholic frame and becomes a mystery of self sacrifice in love. The architect Vesnin adapted the Gothic idea for the material of his conception, substituting fitting cubistic symbols of contem - porary art. The stage effects are monumental and dynamic in character. The vertical building up of a scene allows great variety for the stage direction. The last play of the Kammerspiel, Romeo and Juliet, was treated like a sketch. The decorations for it were executed by Exter. It is beyond the scope of this article to give a complete survey of the Russian theatre of today ; therefore I will not refer to the very interesting work of the Petrograd men such as Mardganov, Evreinov, Radiov, etc. Despite external difficulties, the formula of the new theatre in Russia is developing with the great - est decision and energy. Five years ago, the collapse of theatrical art was everywhere pronounced ; now the theatre strides ahead of all other arts in Russia. Perhaps the explanation is that the Revolution itself is a social drama causing the creative stream to flow into an organization of movements such as the theatre of today. From the Russian. Eue Ehrenbourg. 1 Kamerny Theatre. 316 PROTEUS (Concluded) A Satiric drama in two acts. ACT 11. Same scene as in the preceding act. When the curtain rises menei,aus is discovered lying on the beach, asleep, and holding in his hand the hand of Helen, veiled and seated. At the left, against the proscenium, leaning upon a rubber tipped cane, stands the satyr-major, listening to the orchestra. The orchestra plays. Bacchanale nocturne. (■ pianissimo). The Satyr-major, to the orchestra. Gently, quite softly. Lower ! Lower ! Lower ! If it was a question of making noise we should have no need of music. Our task is to make the silence audible. Shhh ! [He beats time. The music, already faint, becomes almost imperceptible). That's better. Sss ! Lower still! What the deuce ! It is not for tink - ers that you play. But for demi-gods whose bestial ears terminate in a point as fine as a sin - gle hair And you are going to awaken this brave man who has taken Troy, and thrown a seal to earth, and who is much fatigued. And even Helen perhaps. Still lower. [The orchestra plays almost in dumb show, the violin bows just brushing the strings, cymbals not touching, brasses stopped). 317 Very good. You have understood me ! This is music as I like it. The snoring of drums, the clacking of hands, the hail of the castanets, Comes to us from the other side of the moon. The torrent of wooden shoes and bare feet that follow Bacchus Reaches the ear no more than the stir in the depths of the stream of cray - fish in their cuirasses And all these desperate cries Are no more to us than the cold archery of Diana And the trumpet itself when it sounds, is as faint as a whistle of glass. [Faint music). The night belongs to the gods. (The bass drum is beaten very softly). Indeed, it is too fair ! ' Tis too lovely this midst of the year.!' It is because of this that Bacchus has come In order to deliver the fields and deserts and the enormous folds of the earth filled to the brim with forests With this triumphal march, and with this irresistible tread, in the midst of cries of despair imposing delight and terror. Woe to him who, reclined on the moistened leaves at midnight, Shall see the white god mirrored, like a shining sun of milk. Woe to that stag who, amid his restless hinds, rearing an arborescent head, watches the curious army as it crosses the mountain ford, among the roll - ing stones, And already the god is there no more but precedes them, and one sees only a fat man drunk upon his ass ! One is no longer at this call entirely a man For the man that he may leap assumes the loins of a goaty And the goat, to gulp the sharp handful of the vine that one holds out to him, Stands erect, and becomes a girl, her forehead decked with horns ! Silence ! (The music gradually ceases). Hail, Menelaus ! (Silence). 318 He sleeps ! It is not in vain he has gazed in the eyes of the god of the Sea ! All is changed for him and I shall appear like the most adorable of the Nymphs. Hail to you, liberator! (Menelaus opens his eyes without wakening. The Sa - tyr-Major makes horrible grimaces at him. Menelaus gazes at him stupidly and imitates his grimaces. Then with a bound he rises and leaps to his bow, but gradually as if overcome with astonishment he allows it to unbend). The Satyr-Major. Hail, Menelaus ! Menelaus. Who is speaking to me ? The Satyr-Major. I am speaking to you, good sir. MENEIyAUS. Strange ! Was there not here just now Another of those wretched Satyrs that put out its tongue at me ? The Satyr-Major. There is no one here but myself, quite at your service, good sir. (Menelaus presses his hand to his forehead). What is the matter ? You seem disturbed and troubled. Menelaus. Ah, I am weary of all these devilries ! The Satyr-Major, simpering. At least it is surely not I that you find alarming ? Menelaus. You suit me admirably. I like you very much. You are pretty. Ah, it does me good to see an attractive face. The Satyr-Major, with a reverence. Monseigneur ! Menelaus. How becoming a long blonde curl can be to the length of the delicious almond of a youthful face, And what vivid color, as pure as a fresh begonia flower ! Who are you ? 319 The Satyr-Major. The serving-maid of Lord Proteus. Mknei^aus. You have a very bad master. The Satyr-Major. Naxos (most of the time) Is an isle in the midst of the sea that lies between the three Continents. And its shores receive all the derelicts of the currents and of the storms. MENEIyAUS. You are one of these derelicts yourself ? The Satyr-Major. I was set adrift on the sea in a little boat And it was the old man Proteus took pity on my weakness and on my innocence. Menelaus. How sweetly phrased that was ! Listen, you are adorable ! The Satyr-Major. That's all very fine, my Lord ! But is'nt that your wife who is with you ? MENEIvAUS. That makes no difference. It's all the same to her. " I am Helen ! " Say the word, and I take you away ! I will give you a place in the linen-room. But tell me first how your master has recovered from the massage that I have administered to him. The Satyr-Major. Thanks, he is perfectly well and demands his spectacles. Menei^aus. All in good time ! Let him come and seek them. The Satyr-Major. He does not dare to face you again. MENEIvAUS. I thought I was surely going to let him go, The lion and all the rest didn't bother me at all. But the octopus was a role that I did not expect. When I suddenly found myself in the midst of those floating tentacles 320 Face to .face with that beak of a parroquet and that cylindrical head, like an enormons discoloured cucumber, full of a frightful wisdom, And those eyes devoid of pupils where floats a light like that of a lamp behind a bowl of water I thought to vent my soul with disgust! Fortunately the vision did not last. And immediately I beheld between my hands the slimy tree that yielded pots of jam Devoured through the midst by a rosy cancer, like the teat of a cow. Faugh! The Satyr-Major, clasping his hands. You are a hero ! MENEEAUS. Ah well, what is it that he's demanding now, old collector that he is ? The Satyr-Mayor. He demands his spectacles. Meneeaus, putting them on his nose. One cannot see anything with them. The Satyr-Major. Quite naturally. They were not made to see with. Meneeaus. Then? The Satyr-Major. It's the sign of his authority. The seals when they see his spectacles are struck with respect and terror It is thus he constrains them to hunt for him and to learn arithmetic. MENEIvAUS. Here is another invention ! It is like those ribbons he showed me ! I wished to know a little of what is occurring at Argos for there are nasty rumours afloat about my relatives there. Good ! The first thing that I see is my sister-in-law, Clotilde, to whom an unknown young man paid his respects by pulling from her belly a great two-edged sword. The Satyr-Major. Heavens ! Meneeaus. Ah well! She did not suffer at all from this familiarity. One Saw her arise and go out backwards arranging her coiffure. 321 3 The Satyr-Major. Prodigy ! MENEEAUS. Immediately there presented himself a man, his skull cloven in two, and Clotilde — Clytemnestra, I mean — who stood beside him, holding an axe in her hand. The Satyr-Major. Great gods ! You frighten me ! MENEIvAUS. The skull reglued itself and my brother Agamemnon came out from his bath, quite unscathed and perfectly dry. And so it went on till all ended confusedly in a frightful jumble where everything was confounded, the sacrifice of my niece and the grill that they made of my little cousins. It has set my eyes to aching ' If I could even be sure that I knew the people ! But everything trembles and undulates like the faces one sees above a fire ! And in the most thrilling places were great white holes. For these ribbons are not first hand. The Satyr-Major. The oracles are always obscure. MENEIvAUS. In short, all these massacres that annul themselves form a symbol to my mind, and the sense is rather consoling. I conclude therefrom that all things are adjusted As my own history proves. — Yet had I but a hundred fathoms of these ribbons, what rivalry for Delphi! — Thereafter I was exhausted and fell asleep. Holding firm in one hand the hand of that woman and in the other the spectacles. The Satyr-Major. Give them to me ! Meneeaus. A moment ! Is my barque repaired ? The Satyr-Major. It is ready and awaits you. Meneeaus. Is the eye of the ship repainted ? 322 The Satyr-Major. It is repainted. It only remains to place the pupil there. Yon have one sail of linen and one of jute, fifteen oars of the upper tier and twenty eight of the lower. And a good rudder that's almost new, originally designed for the Adminis - tration of Egyptian Funeral Pomps. MENEIvAUS. I'll restore the spectacles to him when I go. The Satyr-Major. Listen then ! You can ask him for something else. Menelaus. What? The Satyr-Major. Do you not know that the famous Helen has lived for ten years in this isle. MenelvAUS, taking his bow. Fly, or I'll kill you. The Satyr-Major, in flight. Look behind you ! {Enter Wiixowithe, veiled). W IlylyO WITHE. Hail, O my husband, I find you again at last! MENEivAUS, facing about. What ? WIIXOWITHE. Hail, O my husband, I find you again at last. Menei^aus. Who are 3 ;r ou ? (WiiyiyOWiTHE throws back her veil. MenelyAUS looks at her in silence). MENEI.AUS. Look, Helen ! HEi&lt;EN, unveiling indolently. Who are you, Madam ? WIIyIyOWITHE. Answer her, Menelaus. Tell her who I am. This voice, this face that turns itself towards yours, this woman before you who welcomes you, these, do you not recognize them ? 323 Meneeaus, in a low voice. Helen, it is Helen. Helen. There is no other Helen here but I. Meneeaus. Ah, my heart beats strangely! There are two Helens with me, that of the past and the other that Paris restored to me. If I did not hold your hand I would say that this other is the true one. It is the voice, the form, the fg.ce. Only younger, purer perhaps. Look yourself. Heeen. I do not need to look. Meneeaus. Look, I tell you. Heeen, slowly turning her eyes towards him. This woman resembles me as I resemble Andromache. Meneeaus. Be silent! You do not understand. I remember better than you ! Heeen. There is no Helen here but Helen of Troy, Who was carried away from Greece by Alexander, otherwise, Paris. As is known throughout all the world from Gades up to Colchis. And as testify those great piles of blackened bricks that one beholds opposite Tenedos. WIEEOWtTHE. I know nothing of all this. As for me, I am Helen of Sparta. Heeen. You are nothing of the sort. Wieeowithe. Always faithful, always loving, the same. And who have no other husband than my own. Meneeaus. How is it/Madam, that you are here in this present isle of Naxos &gt; Wieeo withe. I slept. Meneeaus. You slept ? 324 WIl/IyO WITHE. Hermes, Hermes had scourged my face With that bough embrued in the tide of the Lethean stream. MENEEAUS. You slept! And I through all that time, casque on head and sword in hand, I was beleaguering Troy, yonder where you were. Wieeowithe. Not I. MENEIvAUS. Not you ? WIEEO WITHE. This one, but not I ! MENEIvAUS. You say well, for this one is Helen. WIEEOWITHE. Then hail to you, Helen. Meneeaus. Don't you recognize her ? WIIXO WITHE. Hail to you, Helen. Meneeaus. It's Helen I hold by the hand ? WIEEO WHITE. Who else ? Is it not my face ? Is it not my form ? Is it not my breast this indignant breath uplifts ? What have you done while I slept, O image of myself ? And for what dreadful use have the gods employed my sleep ? It is for me that Troy flamed heavenward while I slept, it is I who laid it flat, as if with scythes, while I was not disturbed by any dream ! Is my form so puissant then that its image alone suffices for the purpose of a god ? Is my soul so puissant that it suffices to make two bodies live ? HEEEN. These are words I find it hard to bear. Wieeowithe. And now, sister Helen, O my image, 325 Now that your task is done, Now that I am awake, and it is day, It is time for you to yield me my husband and my place. Have the goodness to vanish I beg of you. Meneeaus. Breathe upon her a little to see if she will vanish Like the vapor of water that begins to boil. WllylyO WITHE . But you, Menelaus, for what do you wait to open your arms to me after these ten years And that heart which is wholly mine. Meneeaus. What proof have you got that you are really Helen ? Wieeo withe. I have none, except the truth. Menelaus. I feel I know not what doubt within me. Heeen. Menelaus, I have already borne many things from you. Through you I have suffered much. All the same do not push me to extre - mities. And it is perfectly true that I am a woman and in your possession: not, however, so much as you think. But I protest that if you are so unfortunate as to put me to this shame and once let go my hand You shall not lead Helen captive a second time, And neither in this life nor the next Will you find again these fingers so long disjoined from yours Meneeaus. I am master of all the Helens extant in the world. Wieeowithe. One alone suffices. Meneeaus. You say well ! There is only one Helen for me. Wileowithe. Only one, the same. Meneeaus. You say well, the same to me forever. 326 WIEEO WITHE. One Helen only, she who was given you long ago. Meneeaus. I remember. WllylyO WITHE . The daughter of I,eda and Jupiter. . . Meneeaus. . . .The wife of the king of Sparta. WIEEO WITHE. . . . Jupiter who thunders in the mists. . . When the clouds like great white mountains accumulated Little by little increase in the pure blue vault of the sky Above that small red temple well known to shepherds of which the pedi - ment has three columns only. Meneeaus. You remember ? Wieeo withe. There is a meadow shaded by poplars. Heeen. But there were no poplars ! Meneeaus. Yes, there were ! Be silent! WIEEOWITHE. There is a meadow shaded by poplars. Meneeatjs. There were poplars, as she speaks it all comes back to me ! Wielo withe. There where the rapid stream. . . Where was I ? Meneeaus. There where the rapid stream. . . Wieeo withe. How clear those waters were ! Meneeaus. How clear those waters were and what a mournful noise they made among the rolling stones ! Wieeo withe . Before they enter the immense conch of June. 327 Mbnei,aus. Before through a thousand ditches and sluices they are distributed to all the rich herbage. Wiixowithb. There are three oaks that were hallowed to my father. Helen. Good ! Now we have oaks it seems ! Menei^aus. She is right. I remember. They are oaks. Wnxo withe. That great tree whose leaf is slowest to unfold. MENEIyAUS. In that month of June when you tell me that you loved me, on those heights to which we had mounted I scarcely think that they had sprouted yet. Wirj.OWiTHE. Their colour is that of gold. MENEIyAUS. Not the gold of antiquity, but the young bough that begins Before Jupiter has endowed them with That puissant colour of green wherein his eyes delight. WIIXO WITHE. Their colour is that of gold. MENEIyAUS. Not the colour of time that passes but of time about to begin. WllylyO WITHE. Their colour is that of gold. Menelaus. Not their colour, O well-beloved. But the hue of that great fire I had lighted just below them whose floating radiance gilded them with light. WIIyIyOWITHE. Is it not right that one purify oneself by silence and by fasting. . . Meneeaus. Yes, it is right. WllylyO withe. . . . Is it not right that one purify oneself as for the Mysteries When one is about to wed the daughter of a god ? 328 Meneeaus. When one holds in one's arms the child divine whose motionless eyes beneath their lashes Regard yon with indifference And like Victory you were between my arms and like the harp for the blind. And like that young block of marble ivory-pale at the threshhold of the fatherland which the exile piously grasps with both his hands ! WIEEOWITHE. Above us rose those long ribbons of walls one above the other and that citadel in the sky with its battlemented towers. And those long forests of oaks, all flat on the terraces, like the moss that pushes its way between the stones. And those cascades, all silent and motionless, And this place, in advance upreared by the hand of Titans, on the mandate of my father. To be his temple with us. Meneeaus. I remember. WIIXO WITHE. And you were handsome then, Menelaus, the strongest of those of your age and far the most skillful at games. Meneeaus. You are still the same. Wieeowithe. The same, it is you that says so, are you convinced of it ? Meneeaus. Helen : there's no other woman in the world ! Wieeo withe. Tell me then, have I made you suffer much ? Meneeaus. Not to the measure of my love ! Wieeo withe. Was it hard to be parted from me ? Meneeaus. My desire has never left you. Wieeo withe. Nor have I. I have not left you. 329 Meneeaus. You have not left me ? Wileowithe. I slept in your arms. Meneeaus. Tell me one thing only, daughter of Zeus ! Wieeowithe. Yes, I wish to tell you all. Meneeaus. How did I who among the chieftains of Greece was neither the first nor the second Find favor in your eyes ? Wieeowithe. Had you nothing through which to deserve it ? Meneeaus. Nothing when I look at you and when I remember myself ! Wieeowithe. And who, then, would thus have held me in his arms, and would not have let me go, These ten years, which were only a single hour of the night, While I slept. Meneeaus. The night is ended. Wieeowithe. It is ended and I am awake. Meneeaus. It is ended and I see those eyes, full of indifference, once more regarding me. WIEEOWiTHE. For what do you wait to clasp me in your arms ? [He makes as if to go towards her). Heeen. Menelaus ! Menelaus. Helen ! Heeen. What are you doing ? Do you intend to lose me a second time ? 330 WIIXO WITHE. Do not listen to what she says ! Do not give ear to that shadow wrought in" my image by envious gods which wishes again to deceive you ! HEI,EN. To deceive you ! Answer her ! Is it in dream that you suffered ? Did you take Troy, then, in a dream, and is it in dream that you led me from the sombre Asiatic gynecium That night when one saw clear though never a lamp was lit ? Is it then false, the face that you recognized in the flame of such a light ? Wiij&lt;owithe. All is a dream that is not those days of yore which have not ever ceased. HEIvEN. And say if it was also a dream, at that hour of noon, the enormous back of the sea, midway between Europe and Asia, that rose to take us like the spine of a bull And which, overmastering me by a single blow, with the Ravisher, in a single day, Iyeft us on dry land there, beside a smoking beacon that quenched itself in the dawn. Wilderwithe. All is a dream except this face, turned towards you once again, and these eyes, full of ignorance, turned towards yours like those of the animals. HEI.EN. All is a dream except this hand, now clasped once more in yours, and this body once more solid between your arms. Wiixowithe. Ah, the streams of the earth in the month of June when the scattered flocks remount the difficult grass and the shepherd thrusts aside with his knee this torrent descending towards him, this flood of life, green, pink and all ashine, full of flowers and bees and butterflies ! Ah, the honey I was to your lips, and that head that all at once I dropped upon your shoulder! HEEEN. You caress, and I have struck. W ileo withe . I have won your heart. HEEEN. You have not pierced it. 331 WILLO WITHE. Remember those nights of my youth when I slept by your side ! Helen. Remember those nights when you were alone, and I in the arms of the Ravisher. WILLO withe. I was faithful ! Helen. Sleeping fidelity. Willowithe. Faithful nevertheless ! Helen. Jewel of little worth, which was not lost, and which has not been disputed ! WILLO WITHE. Always the same ! Helen. And what of me, am I not always the same ? And someone else besides. W illo withe . Wife of one only ! Helen. And I, was I then not your wife in the arms of the Ravisher ? When from the height of the lofty tower of Troy I saw on every side of that well-defended city, To the North, to the South, to the East and to the West, Your patience and your desire, each evening round about me, Rekindle with the hundred thousand fires of your encamping army ! WILLO WITHE. • Be silent, illusion ! Helen. Be silent, imposture ! Menelaus. What to do ? Will o withe. Will you believe if this creation of a cunning god Confesses her fraud and declares that I am Helen ? Helen. Certainly in such a case we both should be convinced ! 332 WIEEO WITHE. Then leave me alone with her. (MenEEAUS goes out. Silence). Naturally, it is true, I confess it. You are Helen. HEEEN. Thank you. WIEEO WITHE. Confess that I might be taken for you. Heeen. As to that Ido not know. I have not looked at you. WIEEO WITHE. Ivook at me then. HEEEN, looking at her. Menelaus must be even more mad than I had supposed he was. WIEEO WITHE. It is Proteus caused this enchantment. (Silence). It is the lord Proteus who caused this astounding enchantment. (Silence). It is he who has put illusion in the eyes of Menelaus. Are you not curious to know who the lord Proteus is ? Heeen. No. WIEEO WITHE. He is the curator of this sea, drunk and out of his mind, where her grandfather's limbs were scattered by Medea. Of which the depths are torn by sulphurous sighs And the surface incessantly flogged and churned to foam by the oars of fanatic expeditions, Argo, Troy, All those adventurers, with jutting nose and meagre brow, glabrous as actors, rowing with good courage ! And see, that ring of foam, is it a seal that respires ? By no means, 'tis a cow. It is Jupiter who swims under the form of a beast, his horns crowned with daisies, to amuse a little girl. 333 HEEEN. Am I to then understand That you look upon it as a freak of madness This honorable attempt, shared by the whole of Greece, to win me back again ? Wieeowithe Exactly so, and quite worthy of Proteus. HEEEN. You will pardon me for not sharing your opinion, Wieeowithe . How beautiful you are, Helen, and how I adore those lustrous eyes emptied of all expression That you turn slowly towards me. Heeen. Yes, it is I that am the beautiful Helen. WllylyO WITHE . Ah, it was not merely the work of Proteus ! I swear that Menelaus is a dunce not to distinguish between us ! Helen. It is true. W lEEO WITHE. A fool, a nincompoop. Heeen. It is true. Wieeowithe. A brute, a villain ! Ah, I am sure of it. It isn't only once that he has caressed your spine with the handle of his bow ! Heeen. All men are the same. Wieeowithe. What, Paris a 150... Heeen. No. He was an agreable man who knew how to treat a woman. Wieeowithe. But he is dead, is he not ? Heeen. It is not necessary to think of it. 334 WIEEO WITHE. Do not think of it then and thus escape that vertical crease of the forehead, which is the most difficult wrinkle to efface. One should massage it each evening with the thumb. HEEEN. With the thumb and a little purified mutton-fat. WllJ-yO WITHE. Indeed one can teach you nothing. Let me regard you again, not as mere men would do, having no knowledge of such matters, but with the eye of a woman. Great gods ! (She sighs) Ah, gods, how beautiful you are. There is no fault nor blemish in you. Even Ariadne, who has given this isle its fame, Compared with you was only a fat Cretan. HEEEN. You would say a certain freshness ? WIEEO WITHE. Yes indeed. — But where did you find that dress ? Heeen. You do not like it ? — Yet in Troy it was the latest fashion. WiEEOWITHE. Precisely. And Troy has been cut off from the rest of the world — ten years. Heeen, with trembling voice. What can I do ? It's the fault of that horrid Menelaus. WIEEO WITHE. Such a curious green... Ah, it's many a day since I beheld it last. My grand - mother had a special weakness for it. And those great, embroidered animals, how strange ! Those Phrygian shoes, that truly Cimmerian clasp... HEEEN. It is not my fault! [She bursts into tears). WIEEO WITHE. What have I done, my dear ? Do not weep ! Do not ruin those lovely eyes ! Listen! Do you know what I think ? It is you that will soon be in the fashion and I behind the times. 335 This spoil that disperses itself in all directions... Everything, this winter, will pattern itself on Troy. Helen, tearfully. Ah, ah ! WILLO WITHE. Are you not content ? Helen. Ah, you pierce me to the heart ! When that brute of a Menelaus came I bade him go at once to despoil my sisters-in-law. There were fifty of them and I knew their wardrobes. We had five great galleys filled with trunks when we sailed away from Troy. All that has perished in the whirlwind ! WILLOWITHE. Ah, that was a cruel blow ! [She puts an arm around her). Helen, feeling of the cloth of her dress. My dear, what is this material of which your dress is made ? I have never seen anything like it. WILLOWITHE. It is pongee from China made from the silk of the oak. Helen. And it will wash ? WILLO WITHE. The ship that brought it to us had been under the sea three weeks. It's the first consignment for Europe. Helen. How fortunate you are ! Willowithe. And what would you say of that stuff more brilliant than silk and more fresh than linen Which is prepared from the nettle ? Helen. You have much of it ? Willowithe. Forty bales well marked from the coast of Pharos. Ah, I lack for nothing here ! Not an equinoctial storm but brings us the latest novelties. 336 Not a house of Tyre or of Thebes Heeatomplyes That is not well known to us. And what purple we have ! As fresh as blood ! Iyook, it is the latest thing from Tyre. They call it " The Trojan Woman/' And this other is " The Helen/' You blush ? Confess that you find it flattering. HEIvEN. Ah, how lucky you are to live in so frequented a place ! WIIXO WITHE. Yes, that is the merit of this little sea-port. HEI.EN. I myself am bound for Sparta. Wiixowithe. It is a most honorable city and the customs there are good. HEI,EN. Simple, but good. WIEEO WITHE. Once there, what orgies of fidelity you can indulge in with your Menelaus. HEIyEN. The form of the hats is prescribed by civic law under penalty of death. WIIJvO withe. But Nature is beautiful there. How solemn is the noon of those long summer days When amid the intermittent baying of cicadas in the light that makes all things vanish One hears what might be the noise of a god putting an edge on his sword. And how the Taygetus, in the evening after the storm, roasts, as it streams before the sun, Like the spitted quarter of an ox before an enormous bonfire. HEI,EN. The best thing to do at Sparta is to sleep. I detest the country. Wiixowithe. The women are beautiful there. Hei^EN. They make bread, tend the cows and dance like beasts. WilylyO WITHE . The men are good companions. 337 4 Helen. They only permit me to converse with fathers of families, upwards of forty, and I am only summoned when the dessert is served. Then we crack nuts together and train ourselves to speak laconically. WlLLOwithe. Poor Helen, ah, how you are going to suffer, you whose experiences have been so interesting! Helen. I prefer not to think of that. Willo withe. " Where is that famous Helen? " they'll say. ' She is at Sparta now embroidering saltpouches for the shepherds It is she with her women who prepares those local biscuits of such renown That one breaks with a bar of lead discovering inside black mummies of dried raisins. Helen. With you, too, life must be extremely monotonous. Willo withe. My dear, what a curious notion ! everything passes here. It's the centre of three worlds. Without speaking of that sky above which constitutes a fourth. Not a day that one does not see a god descend. Ah, I know your father extremely well! Not a hero who does not stop to pay us a visit. Nothing falls into the sea of which I am not offered the best. Helen. Ah well, you are fortunate ! WILLO WITHE. No. I'm a woman of the hearth. Tranquil, modest. A simple life and all of a piece that is what I desire. Ah, this would be a position for you ! Helen. Do not tempt me. WILLO WITHE. Helen of Naxos after Helen of Troy. Helen-of-the-midst-of-the-seas ! They would arm from all the ports of the world to come to look at you. As they go to Delos towards the altar of Apollo and of ! 338 HEEEN. And if Menelaus comes to take me ? Wieeowithe. Entrust yourself to me. Entrust yourself to lord Proteus. HEEEN. Who is Proteus ? Wieeowithe. The richest of all the demi-gods. He has the contract for all the sea even as far as Tarentum. Speak to me of your Priam ! Heeen. And as to his person ? WIEEO WITHE. You will make of it what you wish. He's an oddity who in place of the usual two legs prefers a great fish's tail. He's as inoffensive as a legless cripple. HEEEN. Truly, things are not a little dead at Naxos ? Wieeowithe. Dead? The sea is like a great journal where everything that happens is recorded. And if Naxos bores you here There is nothing to hinder your putting it somewhere else. The rock is light and floats like a sponge cake and like the beaten white of egg And if you wish to depart, you are free as air. Come, your career is not over. There is more than one Troy in the world. Heeen. That bracelet on your left arm, of what is it made ? WIEEOWITHE. Of a marvellous and priceless substance known as Celluloid. Heeen. One would say ivory but a hundred times more beautiful! How have they given it that rosy hue ? It seems a ribbon of silk and one can see the buckle and the three holes for the tongue, all copied with marvellous art. Ah, what exquisite taste ! Wieeowithe. I make you a present of it. [She gives it to her). 339 HEIvEN. And you say that there are still three pieces of that pongee ? WIIXO WITHE. Three pieces. I plan to take them with me. HEI^EN. Helen— pardon, my dear, I don't know what to call you... Leave them for me. WItI^OWITHE. It will be a great sacrifice. HEIvEN. And how do you fasten your waist ? WIIXO WITHE • Behind, naturally. HEIVEN. Behind ! By the Good Goddess ! A waist that fastens behind ! WIIXO WITHE. Do you see these buttons ? One has only to press upon them, and clac ! HEI&lt;EN. How ingenious ! Let me try myself. Clic I pull. Clac I press. Clic, clac, clic, clac ! WIIXO WITHE. Snaps they are called. HEI^EN. How lucky you are ! I blush for my Scythian clasps. WIIXO WITHE. It was a traveller from Jerusalem, head downwards who brought them to us the other day, on his way to the bottom of the sea. We have three boxes of them. HEi,EN. Helen, my little Helen ! WllXO"withe. Well, Helen ? HEIvEN. Let me have these buttons ! Wiixowithe. And you will stay at Naxos ? HEI.EN. I consent. 340 WIIXOWITHE. Thank you, Helen. HEEEN. Helen, farewell. WIIXO WITHE. Farewell. (Heeen goes out — Pause — Meneeaus re-enters). Meneeaus. Helen, where is that other Helen who came to disquiet me ? W IlylyO WITHE. There is only one Helen, always faithful to you. The other has melted away like a dream. [Music played by the orchestra expressing the sol - itude of the sea). MENEIvAUS. I believe you. For me alone you will be the Helen I have loved. The same, always faithful. W IlylyO WITHE . The other has melted away like a dream. MENEEAUS. But, great gods ! Don't let anyone else find out! WIEEOWITHE. Don't let anyone else find out ? MENEEAUS. We must see to it that everyone believes you to be that Helen whom the Ravisher bore away. Wiixowitke. Why? Meneeaus. My honour is concerned. What glory would be mine ? What would be said by the mothers of all those brave young men who fell on the banks of the Scanmnder ? [The ship approaches. It is manned by Satyrs who push it with their oars. And for greater convenience it is mounted upon rollers). 34 1 Mbnei^aus. And who are these lovely nymphs with fair white arms guiding our ship? Wiixowithe. The maids who slept with me. It is from these our mariners shall be drawn. The favorable Auster breathes and with day we shall behold the whitening shores of Greece. [They lower a plank for embarking). Menei^aus. Mount, Helen. WI3XO WITHE • But, tell me, did you not promise that Nymph Willo withe and her Satyrs, too, that you would take them away with you ? Menei,aus. It is true, I swore to do it, but the boat isn't large enough. Wiixo withe. Oaths ought to be kept. Menei,aus. I swore by Zeus, my father-in-law, you know. That is of no importance. When it's all in the family one does not scan too closely. But there is one last rite I must accomplish. (They bring him a pot of paint and with the tip of the brush he paints the pupil in the centre of the ship's eye). Stay open, vigilant eye. Day and night, evening and dawn, Towards the fires, towards the stars, towards the marks of the sea, Guide us, great, patient eye of the laden ship that contains us, Submerged to the shoulders in the sinewy breast of those seas that are furrowed by our prow. (Both mount om board. The plank is drawn up) Chorus of satyrs hoisting the sail. He - hho ! He - hhe - he - hhe - he hho ! He hho ! He hho ! He hho! 342 Meneeaus. We do not stir. The Satyr-Major, at the tiller. We are grounded on the sand ! HEEEN. Menelaus, give Proteus his spectacles. MENEIvAUS. Never. What I have taken by force only foice shall make me yield. The Satyr-Major. Dig a hollow with your oars. (They dig around the ship without effect). MENEIvAUS. Help me, Jupiter ! (Clap of thunder. Iris all bedecked with plaques of gold and little bells, in a costume that reminds one strong - ly of that worn by Siamese dancers, falls from heaven at the end of a cord. She attaches the hook from which she is suspended to the corresponding hook of the isle, and the whole, whirling precariously, mounts to heaven amid ge - neral admiration. The isle y in rising, reveals Proteus seated on a chair, a prey to profound dejection. The ship is left solitary in the midst of a vast expanse of linoleum). WIELO WITHE. Miracle ! Meneeaus. Thanks, Jupiter ! The Satyr-Major. The sea is free ! Other Satyrs. Free ! Free ! Free ! Free ! Meneeaus, going to the prow. Bear to starboard, five points. The Satyr-Major. Bear to starboard, five points. The Satyrs. We move ! We move ! We're off! We're off ! 343 Meneeaus. The breeze is not strong enough. All the oars in the sea ! The Satyr-Major. All the oars in the sea ! {whistle). Attention ! Pull! One, two ! One, two ! The Satyrs, singing at the top of their voices. Marguerite, she is ill' alas, She must have the doctor come Marguerite, she is ill, ill, ill, She must have, have, have, she must have, have, have, She must have the doctor come. MENEIvAUS. 0 Nymphs, what celestial voices ! What delicious melody ! The Satyr-Major. Back water, my children ! The Satyrs, as before. The doctor who visits her Forbids her any wine. Doctor, go to the devil If you forbid me wine. 1 have drunk it all my life And drink to the end shall I. X,et them lay me if I die In the vault where they keep the wine. My feet against the wall And my mouth beneath the bung. If by chance some drops should fall My gullet they'll appease, And if the cask should burst I would drink it at my ease. (Meneeaus raises his hand). The Satyr-Major. Pull in the oars ! Where are we going, my children. A Satyr. To France. 344 Another. To Bordeaux. The Satyr-Major. To Burgundy ! When once we have freed ourselves from yonder imbecile. Hear the wind that snores in the sail. It is Bacchus himself that calls us and offers us a sign ! Chorus of Satyrs. To Burgundy ! To Burgundy ! Hurray for the Burgundian wine \ The Satyr-Major. Come to plant the vine of Beaune ! Menei.aus. Bear to starboard, two points ! The Satyr-Major. Bear to starboard, two points. A Satyr. I shall not stop before Chalons ! Another. I have a thirst that would drain the sea ! The Satyr-Major. My children, what is the finest wine ? The Chorus. It is that of the coast that lies between Beaune and Dijon, The Satyr-Major. My children, what is the finest soil, the blackest, the richest, the best manured. MENEIvAUS. The breeze is dropping. The Satyr-Major. Whistle for the breeze. (They whistle). The Chorus. A soil that is dry and clotted, like curdled milk, and full of little chalky pebbles, Which retain the warmth like bricks, That the heavy and dormant grape on two sides may be cooked. The Satyr-Major. What is the finest soil, my children ? 345 The Chorus. A meagre soil, with protruding bones, Like the cows that are good milkers, whereof the bones of the haunch protrude Mbnbi,aus. The wind slackens. Chorus of surging about the prow. Flouc ! flouc ! The isle of Naxos has been upraised to heaven. That's a good thing for seals. Flouc ! flouc ! One less ! The fewer isles there are the better fare the seals. Hurrah ! Flouc ! flouc ! Old Proteus has lost his spectacles, hurrah! We shall have no more cube - roots to extract, hurrah ! Flouc ! flouc ! The sea is free ! The sea is free ! It is free and we are in it! Do you feel it quake and tremble ? Do you feel this stroke of the loins that sends us hurtling eight feet into the air ! Hurrah ! Hurrah ! What a bound ! What a release ! It is free and we are in it! It is infinite and we are in it! There is more here to drink than a cup of wine ! Youp, youp, youp, hurrah ! Youp, youp, youp, hurrah ! (The ship disappears followed by the seals). Proteus, alone in the middle of the stage. And you find this reasonable ? What madness in all of this ! What derision of serious things 1 What a stupid farce ! Here is Jupiter has need of his Helen to change her to a star. And it is true that there is a void in heaven that has a bad appearance between the stars of the Dioscurides. Does he think of my sacred property rights for so much as a single moment ? Does he even take the trouble to apprehend that wanton in the midst of my little garden where nevertheless she is plainly visible ? Not at all. Iyike an inattentive maid, like a careless swallow who, for a fly sweeps away the whole of a spider's web, Iris being at hand, he mentions Helen's name, and it is my whole estate that she carries up to heaven. 346 It is in heaven now, my sweet little isle of Naxos, with all of its collections and its six tobacco plants. Go there to look for it ! It is in heaven and waves of azure sky whiten against its reefs. As for me, here I am alone, ruined, deprived of my spectacles. It is well. I depart. I quit the surface. They shall not see me more. I plunge, nunc est bibendum! I shall make my retreat in the story below, in a more tranquil world, I shall live in a splendid palace, all made of bubbles of air, in the midst of corals, sponges, and sea-anemones ! Goodbye, Menelaus, fair breeze, good voyage to you, navigator! It is for this he has taken Troy ! To disembark on the Laconian shore this snub-nosed goat, this full cargo of horned beasts ! Where's the good sense in all this ? I put it to you. Where's the justice ? Where's the good order and the good temperament ? And to think that this will always be so as long as the world is governed by poets ! Ah, it's not nearly ended yet. What misfortune ! What misfortune ! (He dives). Curtain and Bnd. Paul, Claudel, (Translated from the French by John Strong Newberry). 347 HELIOGRAPHS For Good and Evil the aspirant to wisdom substitutes Essential and Un - essential. This is the first step ; and the second is the realization that nothing is unessential. He who looks to the future for anything thereby points to the inadequacy of his present; and therefore he would better look to his present in order that it may be repaired and fulfilled. Few men are wise, for few are capable of becoming what they are. He who has become wise finds himself stripped of all the virtues without wishing or being able to do an unvirtuous act. The sage neither seeks nor rejects ; he is content to hold himself so that things may accrue or slough off according to his and their present needs. The chief effort of religions is to force men up to a moral code. The chief effort of wisdom is to take them beyond the need of moral codes. Humanity constructs a personal God in order that it may praise itself without being conscious of conceit. It is not the return to life that makes convalescence beautiful, but the touch of death's reality still lingering as we come back. Love youth whole-heartedly and thus help it to unfold, or smite it most drastically and thus force it to battle. But do not steal its confidence in order to betray it with the teachings of expediency. One of the chief reasons why boyhood is so often beautiful is that it has not yet learned to dissimulate the expression of the eyes. Bayard Boyesen. 348 ISHIJIMA Ishijitna's poems were sung and recited by all the lovers in the Empire. He expressed in golden words the pain and the joy and the trickery of the great Passion. Everybody said, — " Many must be the poet's love affairs ! " Men said it with a pang of jealousy, women with a sudden yearning to be embraced by him. But Ishijima was very lonesome and he had never known love. Out of his dreams and his desires he fashioned his poems. At last, however, Ishijima met the woman, who seemed to him more beautiful than his dreams, and he married her. And people said, — " Now he will write poems about his beautiful wife. " Men said it with a sigh of relief ; women with a pang of jealousy. Ishijima loved his wife and was loved by her, and their love was greater and more beautiful than his dreams. Ishijima could not write any more. His brush traced languidly meaningless characters upon the gorgeous silk. What was there to write ? He had neither dreams nor desires, save the lips of his wife, and the lips of his wife were more delightful than any words in any language. Therefore he did not write. And people gossiped. — " Ishijima does not write any more. He does not love his wife. Therefore he does not write. " Men said it mockingly ; women with infinite compassion. Ishijima thought: " Happiness is the death of poetry And he mourned the loss of his art, and yearned for his former illusions and pains. In his despair, Ishijima pondered and ruminated : " The death of love is the resurrection of art, " — and he took the soft throat of his wife between his fingers, and pressed, until her little body, finer than a carven statuette, lay still and pathetic upon the soft couch, covered with glistening silk on which were embroidered the greatest poems of Ishijima. But Ishijima could not write. The meaning of words had vanished like colored flames which are extinguished by an evil wind. He sat on his threshold, and drew long parallel lines with his dry brush. The people talked. And some said, — " Because of a mere woman, the great poet will never write again. " 349 Others : " His hatred for her robbed him of his reason. " Others : " Her cruel ghost has stolen his words. " Others : " She was unfaithful, and her lips had become sour to him.There - fore he killed her. " Others : " Without constant love poets cannot write. " One thought, but never said aloud : " Love is the death of poetry. He lov - ed her too much. Therefore he strangled her. He loves her still more now. How then, shall he think of words ? It is best he draws parallel lines with his dry brush, — for who knows what he would say if his brush were wet, and he remembered the meaning of words ? " PAUl Eldridge 350 THE OFFERING OF PLEBS You have betrayed me, Weak and Cold One Whom Plebs bestowed on me. Hearing my cries in the night You have brought me onion soups, Art of frying, red and then soft, Cabbages and energetic dishes. And the bread of flowers become stale, Yet the bread matured in the kneading trough, " What ? the humble arts, the mud of floor, The bread, the poor man's insipid walnut ? " You have not seen that I am the poor man And not the dealer who, With buttocks breached with dead flesh, Has a mind well arranged in order, In the boxes of a chessboard at rest, With the symmetry of a shop enjoying good custom. You have not seen that I am the poor man, And you have tried to ret me on the bank of the days With tangible provisions. I wished only for bread, But, in him, The companion of mornings, Evenings and nights, You did not care to recognize a man, But a woman's husband, A function of man. I was in the night, Wise and Logical One, 351 Discharged companion, delegate of Plebs, And you walked with me As you loiter in broad day. You have betrayed me without seeing me. You have not known the prayer in the name of bread. And then, at the end, Mortal .One, You have parted from me, You have allowed me to raise my plaints of bitterness, Like vices of prisons and ships. You have taken my pink staff away from me. You have not perceived the man's misery at all. I am a poor man, And you have poured out animal drugs for me. You have anointed me with oils that benefit, Dogs in the laps of women. You have not known the prayer in the name of bread. The poet, here, Is the unknown master. He rebuilds with his hands The ruined houses. He consecrates those which remain, Then he defends himself as best he can. And against him you have a single weapon, One infallible law T , The smile, my wise and weak, indifferent friend, The innocence which is not satisfaction, The smile which is not altruism, Nor ferocity, nor cowardice, But the truce, The door ajar, God's part in the grey egg. You have betrayed me, listening to my troubles, Jean DE Yon have not seen that I am the poor man. Jean de Institutrice esthète. 5 354 Of which you made a long synoptic table, And then you brought to me The lustral and medicinal jacket, The Straps of ordinary commonsense, The Clothes of " searches for Utopia The Roast beef for heavy buttocks, The bouillabaisse of happiness, The jacket which carries The seal of the camp commander, And that of pathology. Now, your gown was too tight, But still too large and too long. When you had thrust him in this gown, For the madman's friend finds everywhere Accomplices with praises, For the poet's friend possesses a straight jacket Which is invisible and hard. The friend finds assent from the fat, From the poised, from the good, from the nagels even, Whenever they stuffed him in this jacket, They would lose him. He was very tiny under the violent leather, And no part of neither straps nor cloth, touched him at all. Perhaps he was outside, Or perhaps inside. For my part, X know that I was resisted. So sometimes a lean flesh Passes through the meshes. Before choosing another dear companion, He summoned a minister, in consultation, With a doctor and his syringes, And with an aesthetic governess These heroes made fumigations, And then incantations of exorcism. The poet coughs, sneezes, and runs away. The wise man, the scientific comrade, cries : " You see him, he lied, 355 He concealed himself in the lustral gown ! " And the poet thinks : There were neither gown nor laws. " ■ You have not known the prayer in the name of bread. But the poet's friend does not laugh. There is a wrinkle on his forehead, erect, in altar smoke, Which is the line between have and due. The straight jacket is concealed in the cupboard. He is the poet's guardian. " This man bites, " he says " at his shadow. He runs and leaps not like a man. " He is the poet's guardian. He will answer for him before the tribe. He measures his thoughts and leaps, But not his onion soup, Nor the four nails of his reason. He is stupid ! The poet does not know if weight has gripped his feet. He carries a cane if it rains. He refuses to warm himself. He commits crime for crime's sake. They know it. They have said so. But he, the friend, The angel of the house, The lion tamer and bear-trainer, He, who has charmed the serpent, Understands all men. He defends them against This furious dog who bites and is ferocious. I am alone, ferocious ! You have betrayed me. You have not known the prayer in the name of bread. You have not known that I am the poor man, The baggage of whose wild days' journeys 356 Is not a knapsack with the fleas of reason, Nor a branch of the tree of knowledge. But who draws its last fragrance From a smile; Whose pilgrim's viaticum Is a smile In the lasting shadow. Jean de Bosschère. 357 FOX-TROT. — " WHEN SOLOMON MET THE QUEEN OF SHEBA " The Navy at Ezion-Geba, Gazed across the water amazed. When Solomon met the Queen of Sheba The lions in the desert were dazed With wonder at her striped pavilion That blazed like a bright parhelion, They roared their admiration At this strange coruscation Till the satyrs took their tawny children trampling through the sand, To march with the procession, to march with the band. The flaming phoenix flew with its feathers to fan The Queen at the head of her caravan ; But the phoenix, though famously fabulous, Was jealous, envious and emulous For the Queen of Sheba had a retinue Strictly in keeping with her revenue — vSix thousand camels and camelopards, Ten thousand and ninety nigger bodyguards, The camelopards, proud-necked and tall, Would scarcely notice the Queen at all, But holding their heads as high as cedars Booked down upon a hundred dwarf, harnessed zebras, Whose stripes were arranged with such success That the Queen could play a game of Chess 358 When travelling. The camels kneel, Offer their humps for the Queen to feel, Nodding arched necks and plumes of ostrich feather Dyed like her bright Abyssinian weather, The ten thousand niggers beat on gourds and golden gongs, Slashing the air with their piebald songs. Thus the Queen met the King in Jerusalem, And he seemed wiser than Methusalem ; With a great black beard, and a nose like a scythe, He lived in the palace and subsisted on a tithe. He gave the Queen of Sheba a welcome Proportionate to her income. But this amazing Amazon Was loveable, generous and free. She brought a gift to Solomon of cinnamon With an almug and nutmeg tree. These he placed before his palace For the pleased admiration of the populace Each sweet-smelling branch bore a budding bell of gold (Oh ! the blood of the Israelites ran cold) When evening-wind blurred the hills with blue The swinging and the singing of the bells sang true. These, by some magic stratagem, Played the Sheban National Anthem. And the thrill of each bell was like an Abyssinian bird, Or the golden voice of the Queen. For each word She spoke, trembled, sparkled in the air, Then spread its wings, and flew from her. But the Queen of Sheba went with Solomon To his country-house at Lebanon, Where she brought him gifts of hot-house grapes, Of ivory, of ebony, of elephants and apes, Of peacocks and pearls, and a hundred pigmy slaves, 359 Born orange-coloured with hair that, waves; And each of them wore a turban Picked out with the plumes of a pelican. But of all her gifts, by far the rarest, Brought from the terrible central forest, With a vein of gold in its ivory horn, Was a love-lorn, milk-white unicorn. But the King, though sweet as honey, Had an eye for the value of money. So he only gave her a heraldic lion Embossed with the arms (and nose) of Zion. Though the Queen of Sheba loved Solomon She was not happy at Lebanon. It was not the women of the Edomites, The Zidonians, the Moabites, the Hittites or the Ammonites ; She even listened to his proverbs. She put up with very many wrongs, But in secretly reading his note-book, she found Solomon's Song of Songs, She knew it at once — it was poetry. And she left the palace that day. But Solomon knew not where she went to, or why she had roamed away. But every evening in Jerusalem The almug and the nutmeg trees Flaunt the Sheban National Anthem Iyike a banner on the spice-laden breeze (And oh ! each golden bell seems a turtle-dove that cooed Within the moonlit shadow of the Abyssinian wood). But we wonder what she looked like, this fascinating phantasmagoria — Atalanta, Gioconda, Semiramis — or the late Queen Victoria ? osbert sitwell Josef Capek. The Man with a Wounded Hand. Czecko—Slovak Painting. Josef Capek. The Drinker. Czecko—Slovak Painting. 362 THE COCKERED Flaming Oriental sultan among fowl, strutting in truculent obliviousness of the monogamous restraint of our chaster breeds, there is no more singular de - fiance of the Occident than you. Migrator from the tropic east, not all the frozen winters of our northern climes have served to cool the burning ardour of your impetuous desire. Contemptuous of the customs of your adopted land, you claim the profligate excesses of a harem, outvying all the sultans in pro - miscuity and glory. Ruling your clucking mistresses with a vain dignit} 7 that is not quite ridi - culous until you feel the quickening urge to subdue an unwilling and protesting hen : then with foolish laughter-lifting, fluttering sidesteps and plunging rushes you race and ruffle up your feathers until you have conquered her through weariness, and as she rises from your taloned caresses, fluffing out her feathers, you strut away indifferent but dignified again, and make pretence of pecking grain. And now, in all the shining wonder of your burnished breast and plumed tail, with crested head raised proudly as a king's upon his throne, you mount your favourite steaming dunghill to peal your challenge forth upon the glitter - ing air, and listen with eye-cocked intentness for the answers from adjacent farms. . . Solomon never sat astride a refuse heap, nor kingfisher perched upon a rot - ten fish, yet you. . . You are a vulgarian in masquerade of kingliness, degrader of a loveliness you are too dull to cherish, treading hens and dung with equal gusto. You should tread daintily, and mount the rooftree for your crowing. Perhaps the foul dung smells less offensively for your unconscious patron - age ; maybe the sluttish ugliness that environs you is brightened by the sheen of your breast and the graceful curving beauty of your tail. Allardyce Cromartie. 363 DEDICATED TO THE ENEMY (continued) Drama deals with the passions. In England dramatists and actors seem to be out to please a public — a certain public, not the People — who have a certain terror lest a scrap of real passion peep out at them. Dramatists and actor succeed in pleasing and become mild in doing so.. . tame mildness is not serenity. It is very difficult for them to get themselves mild enough — and that they succeed in substituting sentimentality for real sentiment, for passion — for nearly everything — shows what awfully clever men they are. It takes them about fifteen years apiece to rid themselves of the instinct to think about things like Shakespeare or Moliere. It is a very great achievement indeed, and the operation they perform on themselves must be as painful as it is dangerous. Shakespeare, whose plays are all passion, and who was once considered by us all to be a dramatist of some account, is nowadays held by this particular public to be either pompous, gross, dull, or vague. His grand Ghosts, Autocratic Kings, his splendid Aristocrats, and those very weak beings of his called the Heroes, are all considered a bore. And Romeo, the hero of all lovers, is only tolerable to-day if he can reassure the spectators by his drawl, by his inaccurate pronuncia - tion of our English, and by a west-end bearing that his position in Piccadilly is all right, and that he is one of us. . . top hole. . . In short, to-day the spectator in the Theatre dominates the work of art, making it what it is — (a thing we were long ago warned against,) — and the dramatist and the actor — all three shiver to say Bo to the Public and daren't. Juliet or Ophelia to-day can just avoid our censure if she can cry well, lisping and panting the while as one who babbles on of love — flapper-like. So the actor drops the Dramatic — Mr. Stoll opens one more Colosseum — runs it magnificently as usual, and makes it possible for the personality of Mr. Wilkie Bard to charm thousands. There must be always room for such as Mr. Bard — there always has been room. 364 But a place in the sun for Shakespeare too. . . would that be asking too much ? ... or cannot England run to it ?. . . Now someone in England who might honour Shakespeare for England's sake — not for sentimental reasons, for mighty serious ones — this someone doesn't. Who is the boss, as the workmen call the governor, the chief. . . who is he ? Is it our Prime Minister, is it another, is it a third ?—or do all these three plus a few more make up the total ? I don't care who it is, but the boss is not playing the game. The dramatists and actors would like to, but unless they see the boss doing it they never will. Now suppose (as I suppose 'tis true) that the two Houses — the Lords and Commons — stand for what is called the boss. I don't imply some bogey who struts and frets, but a fine old figure who spite of his tantrums and errors and all, does really stand as head of our family — the English Family. If it be the two Houses, then it is within the power of the two Houses to unite without one dissenting voice in this little matter of the Theatre. This would be playing the game, and nothing else is. To go into this matter is a proper thing to do in 1922. There is no reason why this one branch of Public Service should-be allowed to go to ruin, because there is a little uncertainty as to who's who in the world of the English Theatre. Everyone is Who. Everyone of our Dramatists, Actors, and Stage-managers ; everyone of the profession and of the trade. BUT — (and here is where cheating begins as soon as the ball is started rolling) every one in his right place, not in some one else's place. There are the Dramatists, Shaw, Pinero, Jones. There are the Stage-managers, Poel, Barker, and Myself. There are the Actors, Martin Harvey, Matheson Lang, Henry Ainley. There are the Designers, Wilkinson, Fraser, Rutherston. I select only four branches of the service and name only three men to each branch because one can't make interminable lists. Now I have not put down any list of actor-managers — for to put things, and each man, in his right place one must not include those men who are every - thing and nothing. For example, in my opinion (and I hope my old friend will not disagree), Martin Harvey is essentially an actor, and one of our very best: and it is a loss to England and to the English Theatre that he is unable to confine himself solely to the development of his considerable talent instead of stage-managing, produ - cing, and designing, three branches of the stage-manager's craft and three bran - ches which he does indifferently well. The same thing applies to Ainley and to Matheson Lang. In short, to put all in place once more in the English Theatre the first thing 365 to be done (I repeat what I have said in my other books and must do so till it is accomplished) is to find your stage-managers, for it is the stage-manager who is the boss in the theatre. One for each Theatre has to be found, and, when found, empowered. And there is no better way of honouring an artist than by empowering him to do his work. And in doing this the two Houses would be playing the game again so far as our Dramatic Art is concerned. Till this is done all the fine reasons which can be found to excuse all action is but a begging of the question. But what can we do ? " Up go the brows, and worry is once more at her silly work. What you can do is this. . . Make it clear to the People that the Stage, Shake - speare, our modern Dramatists, Actors and all, are worthy of the support and friendship of England. But how can we do this ? How do you do it when you wish to make it plain that I,ord Northcliffe and his journals are worthy of England, etc. ? How do you make it plain to the People that our British Navy is a National Institution worth honouring ? Certain - ly not by cheapening Lord Nelson — yet you cheapen Shakespeare. — " When ? — How ? " — I leave it to you to remember when and how ; . . . not so far back, either,. v . not long ago. You honour the English Theatre, the British Theatre, by first honouring its most trusted Guides. Not its actors,... the Public honours them evervnight. Not its tradesmen,. . . they get paid well, and will always prosper, we hope. Not its Societies, " " Leagues " and its little beginners down at Bard-on-Avon, good though all these may be IN their place : but look more carefully — more curiously and select your men with greater care. Search for twenty stage-man - agers, and if you fail to find them call some of us to help you. Do not allow it to be said once more Search was Made all ovey England foy a Company which could be putin the field which should beay comparison with that of Pyofessoy Reinhardt and could not be found "... don't allow that to be stated by an authority as it was stated, for it's not playing the game — it is defrauding the English People — it is mightily worthy of mugs. While this whole Book dedicates itself to the enemy, the Foreword I dedi - cate to my friends. And if my critics are friends to the whole content of The Theatre, then my critics must be among my friends. Yet even good friends possibly can sometimes misrepresent us. — And 366 it is to suggest that there might be a little less misrepresentation going on in England about members of what is known all over the world as the New Move - ment in the Theatre. . . that Movement which represents all that is best in the Theatre of today. . . that I write this. I happen to be one of these members ; and in misrepresenting my aims — by stating that my sole thought is for Sceneries, you, my critics not only misre - present me but the whole Theatrical Movement. Doing this you run the chance of doing a good deal of harm to the English Theatre and misleading the younger men who are so full of promise and whose work deserves better than that of you. To annoy good fellows who do good work and show loyaity to the best ideals of work, art and comradeship in work, is not the best way to serve the English Theatre, nor is it your conscious wish to act so. — If you ever do so you do so unconsciously I am sure. You fancy — owing to the simple fact that you have not the time to study my work nor learn my reasons for not competing with the commercial theatres or the " artistic theatres, " — and because you have not the faintest notion of how much I have gladly sacrificed in the last fifteen years to set an example to my followers — you fancy that you ought not to study my work ought not to learn why I act as I do . . and more than this you fancy that you ought not to study carefully what the great masters of the different crafts have done and written in the Past. Now I suggest that unless you do this and unless you make yourselves under - stand what it is I have done and still continue to do, and what they have done and said, you will be acting in a manner unworthy of every fine tradition of journalism and every English tradition. That it is not entirely your fault is obvious. The life of the dramatic critic of to-day is no easy job. — To have to write about the stuff which the Commercial spirit of any Theatrical Manager puts before you must be nauseating \ to have to awctkcu an interest where none yet exists must be a little wearisome at times, more especially when it is obvious that a living interest in such things is as natural as eating and drinking. But your power is very great — and your trust a very fine one, and were I not a practitioner in the Art and I can imagine no greater happiness than to be solely a student of past present conditions. . . a rabid student for facts and dates. But I find that English critics do not reveal a knowledge of the facts and dates beyond knowing what has occurred in the English branch of the stage crafts. In America it's as difficult and as unpleasing a job to-day as in England, but I really don't think it is too difficult if only some one would begin. In fact I know of only one critic in America who has real discernment and pluck, but then he has studied and knows more than the rest. He enjoys the old 367 rubbish of the Playhouse (I think we all do) just as he appreciates the old master - pieces — but he doesn't get muddled as to which is which, praising the rubbish and carping at the masters. He discerns — and is not that the first duty of the critic ? Don't you think it would be delightful to have read Riccoboni's works, besides knowing his name and his worth ; to have heard of a man called Gali who lived in Bibiena and had eight remarkable theatrical sons and grandsons ; to have read d'Ancona, dipped into Sabbattini and Serlio, and know our friends Jacob, Olivier, Dorpfeld, Jullien, Chambers, Giorgi, Bartoli, Scherillo, Rigal, Bapst, Lecomte, Semper, nd Dumont, as well as our old friends whom we know well enough, Collier, Cibber, and the rest. Conceive the happiness of the Editors who could count on scholarly critics, men never tired of indulging their taste for learning ; who could count on human critics, — men never too tired to have the ancient and best joy of helping young men on by being a little blind to their faults, while all the time encouraging them with information as to past failures and how success was won or snatched from such failures. The pride the younger men would have in you, the friend - ship they would hold for you would be surely something worth all the labour and the sacrifice... for I suppose it would entail some sacrifice. It would also entail having no fear. And after all there should be nothing so very alarming about an Editor. What can he do ? If lam a Dramatic Critic he can but give me the sack. If I get the sack once I try again: — if twice, I reconsider all things ; — if thrice, I publish what I want to say as I want to say it in a journal of my own . . . but I do not give into ignorance, although its stomach may measure sixty-two inches and be the highest and mightiest tool in the land, the tool of ambitious vulgar - ities who must paddle their own canoes just because their husbands run their own steamboats. Reading over some of the five or six thousand criticisms on my productions — I have made thirteen in all; —of my books — four or five have appeared; of my twenty-six exhibitions of designs and of other activities — I come upon the very last criticism of all dated July 4 th 1920. It appeared in the " Observer, " it was not signed. I will not quote, it, but I give the date so that anyone curious to make a note of its contents may do so. It is one of those typically hopeless pieces of criticism. I mean it shows that the writer had not taken the trouble of learning his business . . or had learnt it once and forgotten it. It is the first business of a critic to know what an artist has done — to be informed. Then he runs no danger of misinforming others. 368 Now in our Theatre of Europe as it advances, critics must have a chance to advance with us. Our English critics may be badly informed . . . and when we realize that this is seldom their own fault it seems a little too bad. It is bad for the Public, who get misinformed, bad for Journalism, wich becomes incorrect. . . bad for the Arts, bad for progress. To sum up, it is just a little silly because quite easily put to rights. In Politics, in Commerce, in all the other fields of endeavour I'm sure I know not at all whether to be exact is of value or valueless. It might do a lot of harm I (as an outsider) suppose for the true facts of a Political case to be recorded. I suppose it might be in some cases even more truthful to lie, . . . let me suppose. In the Arts — in our Theatre Art — it is not so. About this I do not sup - pose — I know. Yet it seems to me that the critic journalist brings to his task all the doubts and fears as to what is best to tell the Public about our Arts as does his brother in the Political field. I make a plea that in the matter of the Arts critics be left free — that the only order they receive from their Editors is, " Be well informed — and exact." No harm can be done — much good would come. But something more would have to be done to aid the Dramatic Critic than to give him an order. He needs to be as versatile in his own way as a stage - manager — such a stage-manager as I have drawn in my book published by Heinemann. 1 For example, since Drama and Theatre are a composite art he should know what it is that a Dramatist or a Stage-manager is about when he writes a play like " The Tempest, " or produces one like " The Miracle, " and whether in the History of the Theatre any such attempts were ever made before — or not. He should be able to visit the Dowdeswell Galleries and speak with real understanding and illumination of the designs shown there by Bakst, Wilkinson, or Rutherston. He should be able to pass from there to the models by C. Lovat Fraser and understand what is in them. Then on to the South Kensington Museum and let us hear all abut the Bibienas there — and the architectural drawings for Theatres. He should know something more than we hear about the modern inventions for stage machinery, and he should tell us what he has found out. He should know about all the ancient devices for lighting a stage and an auditorium. He should know, in short, what can be actually known, not guessed about — and he should pass it on to us all. 1 "On the Art of the Theatre." 369 6 What we hear about is how Garrick played this scene and how Mrs. Siddons played that one : and the modern English theatrical critic of course retells us all about this hearsay. But if we should ask him how many permanent thea - tres existed in 1600 and where these theatres built, and if he has seen designs of them, and whether any are still in existence, if he has visited them, what they are like, where we can see them or their plans, what it costs to go there or get these, I fancy he will be able to give us but a poor answer. It would be the same with questions we might put to him about nearly everything relating to the stage of the past and the stage of to-day — excluding England; and even of this stage he is sometimes behind the times in his information. As I said, this is not his fault. He is not allowed time to study, nor time and money to travel. And so he is apt to write as ignorantly as did the writer in the " Observer "on 4 th July 1920. Everyone nowadays is forming Committees or " Guilds, " or " Leagues, " or " Societies " to deal with Theatrical matters. I would willingly act in any capacity on a first-class " Society, " which would have as its sole aim the betterment of English Dramatic and Theatrical Criticism, based upon a thorough knowledge of all that has been done and all that is being done in Europe and America to improve Theatrical and Dramatic Art. I make this suggestion here in my book because I want it known — the idea may not be taken *up for a while, but someone reading this even in a year from now may see how important it is that in a matter useful to all and harm - ful to none we should have exact information all the time, and it may occur to someone able to improve the lot of Dramatic Critics that the way to help best is to establish a substantial fund ... a Chair, maybe, of Dramatic Criticism . . . Anyhow,to give a proper chance to half a dozen men eager to take it, of leading the Dramatic Criticism of Europe. It may be that a genius for Criticism can go ahead without information. I believe otherwise. lam sure that we all need more and more reliable books on the Theatre written by Englishmen — such men should have the leisure to do this — and who but the Dramatic Critics are the men to whom this task belongs by right ? Some younger men should be released from that regular drudgery of having to witness night after night dull " premieres " which in the end kills all imagi - nation and distorts all perspective. They should be released and given oppor - tunities, and, allow me to emphasize it now and here, cash ... the means to travel and see what is being done, discover what has been done and come back and tell us. I really hope that something will be started at once to bring this about. I believe the English Theatre would feel the benefit of the results in less than a year or two. 370 " Why, what should be the fear ? . . When last I was in London in June of 1920 I stated that there were no actors in England who could act Shakespeare. This gave some offence to a number of gentlemen and ladies of the Theatri cal Profession — and it gave greater offence to a few whose affection I value, who began to tell me I had no right to make such a statement. Of course I have no right to do so. There are twenty or thirty reasons why I have no right to. But there is one reason which out-weighs the thirty, even when we add thirty to them and so make sixty. — Make it ninety-nine . . and my reason still outweighs the lot. My reason is this. All the ninety-nine reasons which are advanced are advanced by men and women who do not and will not sacrifice an immediate success for a truth. Be it a successful engagement — or two — or three ; be it a sum of money — be it the approval of their fellows (and what is sweeter than this ?) — be it personal ambition or personal vanity . . . none of these will our good friends of the Theatrical Profession sacrifice when it comes to choosing between these personal advantages or standing firm for the truth about the English Theatre. Now what is the truth about our Theatre ? It is something like this .. , I st Truth : It possesses the best set of Plays in any language. 2 nd Truth : It rarely exercises these. They are like a marvellous stud of blood horses cooped up in their stables, and the very devil to ride when anyone does venture to exercise them in the paddock. 3 nd Truth : The best of riders, if they continue to ride hacks, court a fall when they mount thoroughbreds. So that unless Shakespeare's plays are being continually acted by our ac - tors — unless they can come to cope with the versatility of his genius . . . the heroic size of his thought and the stupendous force of his passion, our actors cannot produce a company which we can call representative of England. 4 th Truth : Those of our actors and actresses who best perform the Shakes - pearean Drama (and they are quite a number *) will admit that if they under - stand and love the great Drama as it deserves, nothing they could do for it would be too much — no sacrifice they could make would be too great for the honour of Shakespeare — their Profession and England. — Well, they sacrifice nothing for it. I put it to them that a sacrifice worthy of their calling and their ideals would 1 As they all know, I have the liveliest appreciation of the qualities of our best Shakespearean actors: of Ainley, Norman Forbes, Matheson Martin Harvey, Fisher White, Quartermaine, Carter; of Miss Nielson Terry, Miss Sybil Thorndike, Miss Viola Tree, and of some others too. 371 be to raise the standard of playing and keep it flying ; to take no offence when such an old friend and an old worker as I am says that the standard is not high enough, but, first ridding themselves of their own personal feelings as I have rid myself of these, come nobly to me and give me a hand, a heart, and that which goes with it, a purpose and a promise to see things through. After that a council as to how best to do it. The truth is that no such spirit existed when I made my statement last June — in 1920. sth5 th Truth : The English actors and actresses are very polite, very charming, etc., etc. ~ . " I come to wake up Caesars, not to praise them. ". . . I am not particular to be " polite " to a few at the expense of the whole Nation — and the Art of the Theatre. I'll be as rude as is necessary, till it's acknowledged that I am right about this. " The Polite " are often given to saying the rudest things behind one's back. The Rude are sometimes given to speaking better of us in private than one would imagine. In fact Truth is more often Rude than Polite. It shows a rude exterior to me and to you if we play hanky-panky with it. It treats you and me alike in this. " And so, " says my friend the Actor to me, "You think that you — you — are the chosen one, the mouth from which Truth about the Theatre alone . issues..." To which I reply : " When you will enjoy to give up a tenth of what I have enjoyed giving up to serve the cause of truth in respect to the European Theatre — and the English Theatre in particular — then everyone will recognize you also have a right to claim that what you say is the truth. " Again, it is one of the most usual things for us all to express, and express very strongly, our opinion of a Gladstone, a Beaconsfield, or a Lloyd George. One we call the murderer of Gordon; the other the Pantaloon of Politics ; the last, — I don't know what we don't call him. Honourable Members do not actually fire pistols at one another across the venerable floor of the House, but they go it pretty strongly. I like that; — you like that; — it's awfully English, you know. Now, no one ever goes for me except in the " polite " rather mean manner. I seem to have to be on my feet all the time and doing all the cackling. When by chance a member of our House does get up it's one of my own side . . . can't fight my own side. The Government sits tight and mute — yes, mute and let us hope tight. For lam on the opposition benches as yet. Don't let us play at Politics. . . the politics of the Theatre are futile. My word about Beaconsfield and Gladstone and the House of Commons was merely shot out to illustrate the truth that yon can differ and be friends ; and to suggest that some talk from both sides does no harm and a mighty lot of good. 372 Personally I know no better talkers than the actors — good humoured beyond words — I'd like to exchange some of my pedantic humours for some of their geniality ; then why not — why must all the talk of their side be whispered and be confined to the question of " shop "; or, if not that, dressing room or club room talk in which all the best they have to say is lost on those who are the opposite bench... all because they will whisper. That isn't good for us and isn't good for them. Speaking of us I may as well mention that in the Profession there really is an Opposition Party as well as a Government Party. (I continue the use of Political terms for a while because it expresses clearly to all how we are placed— and what the Theatre all over the world is made up of.) In England, then, " the Theatrical Profession " is the group which we may call the Government, and the Group which, known as the Opposition, is that smattering of independent men and women who are not in " Power " and yet are the inspiration of the others. All the artists are in the Opposition all over the Earth. You query that: you point to the great Sarah Bernhardt. . Why, once upon a time there never was a bigger figure on the Opposition benches than Sarah Bernhardt. She selected to go over to the other side, that's all. Now she is a member of the Government. That's very right and proper for people past sixty, . . . but it does seem a bit natural for younger folk . . . now doesn't it, Phyllis ? ... to be in the Opposition. The momentary lapse into Political figures of speech is not so out of place just here, for there's a among a number of men and women in the Theatre who could .. . and don't. . . help to push things along, to sit on the fence — to attempt to be just — to take no sides. That would be fine if it wasn't a bit futile. For while actually there are no sides as there are in Politics — and thank Heaven for this — there is a standard, and it must be up or down ; — half - mast high — the golden mean — compromise, announces a death. And, as we should know by now, " the man who sees two sides to a question sees nothing at all." And although we have no " sides " in our work, there must be and there are many sides to our difficult problems, the main problem of which is for us " How to bring our English Theatre to a condition which shall finally place it second to none in Europe. " And I should say the answer is to use every man and every talent and every penny we have to back our best horse. I think that to-day our best horse is called Shakespeare. Someone tells me that I have written elsewhere that Shakespeare's Plays are not for acting. — Can I have contradicted myself ? Oh, what a sin ! Can 373 I have said that you can say " Yes " and "No " and yet reply correctly. If I have not said so you know quite well that this is true — tha under some con - ditions Yes is the only reply to make to a question to which No is the sole answer. Let me ask you to be a little more cautions before asserting that I contra - dict myself — for here I happen not to. When I spoke of Shakespeare as being not actable, not for the Stage, I spoke, if you will remember, as one who was reviewing the whole question of the Theatre of the World — and the Theatre as a creative Art. Here I speak as one who reviews one section of the whole — the most backward section — that is, the English Theatre. And for the English Theatre it will do well — can do no better — to begin at Shakespeare. For in Shakespeare is all Burbage, remember ; in Shakespeare is a huge deposit of the Commedia dell'Arte. 1 You who fail to understand how I can make two such apparently contra - dictory statements about the Shakespearean Plays would fail to understand that a paradox covers the whole truth. If you cannot understand that Shakespeare's Plays are unactable and yet are the best stuff on which to rebuild the English Theatre of 1921 — then you cannot understand a paradox. Bother your head no longer about Paradoxes — be less clever till you are cleverer — remain in the dark rather than open eyes which cannot stand the glare of that torch which even Truth herself holds above her own head. There are plenty of hands waiting to take yours and help you along in the dark — if yon won't talk, argue, and attempt to reason when crossing on a narrow plank over an abyss 30,000 feet deep — and that is what life amounts to. Truth is not one-sided, not three, not any number of sides. It is as round as it is square : as fluid as fixed : as strong as it is weak : as hot as cold. It is not enough for us to say that while half the earth is awake the other half is asleep, for that is not at all true. The world, thank Heaven, is all the time having as much evening and morning as day and night. There is no moment but in some place men are falling off to sleep and waking up. There is no moment but in some place a bell is heard striking the hour of seven. Therefore for Mr. William Archer to assert, as he strolls over to the theatre some evening, that it is seven o'clock would be incorrect of Mr. Archer. It is merely seven o'clock to him. It is eight o'clock to Signor Danilo ; but Signor Danilo would never be rash enough to swear to the hour, for after all it is 10.30 in the morning to II Profes - sore in San Francisco. 1 The Commedia dell'Arte, or Professional Comedy, was the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth, centuries' idea of genuine Theatricals unmixed with the literary, the phil - osophical and the metaphysical. It was the genuine expression of the actor. 374 " Home at last, " says Mr. Archer, looking at his watch which points to the hour of midnight. But Signor Danilo is at home and it is one o'clock, and the Professor is at home and it is 3.30. Again Books, Boats, Houses, Horses, screws, meals, and a host of other things are not all made and handled alike, and so it is incorrect when the prim tell us we can't and we must'nt make or handle them in any but one way. Books are not only printed forwards. In Japan they print 'em backwards. There is not one rule of the road — if in England the horses are kept to the left they will be right only in England, for in Italy the opposite is the rule. Screws of a carpenter's bench in Italy turn the other way to screws in an English bench. And just as Mr. Archer and other good men get fixed ideas into their heads about what seems to them to be the certainty of the hour and place, and the un - changeability of other customs, so do the critics of this other world — this Theatre world — get just as fixed idea about the Theatre, or they would not be so ready to assert that the Theatrical Art is this or that, but cannot possibly be the other. For it can be what it likes. Gordon Craig. (To be continued) 375 COMMENT The December issue of our contemporary, Les Ecrits Nouveaux, contains an article on the Russian Theatre under the Soviets. A. Andre Julien, the author, so strikingly supplements and amplifies the Notes of M. Ehrenbourg in Broom that we paraphrase at length therefrom. The present Russian Government has a secretary and department of " Edu - cation by means of Theatrical Productions The present incumbent of this portfolio is Comrade Kel, whose duties, as he himself states them, chiefly consist in " ideology and organization, " i.e., an examination and search for artistic trends in the theatres, and a dissemination of the best that is found. Kel ex - pressed regret that little novelty had as yet emerged, but harboured the hope that new inspiration would spring from the proletariat. The immediate program of this department is to bring into the closest pos - sible contact the labouring classes and the theatres, by means, first of all, of the creation of as many theatres as possible. In 1914 Russia possessed 70 good theatres and 140 theatres of small account. The latter have been annihilated. Soviet Russia at present exults in 2197 subsidized theatres and 3452 active organ - izations in the smaller villages : altogether nearly 6000 stages compared with 210 under the old regime. Most of the smaller organizations have arisen from the private initiative of groups of communists unaided by official assistance. Of course the Bolsheviks do not neglect such an opportunity as the theatres provide for addressing the people. Control of theatrical activity, since the inception of the Revolution, has been vested in a commission which enforced a strict censorship forbidding the staging of any production not chosen by themselves. This seriously limited initiative, and therefore the commission was suppressed last June. A new inclusive organization has been established instead, made up of Meyer - hold, Stanislavski, Sanine, Vacktangof and Kel. In other words the leading theatrical artists of Russia : artists not propagandists. Meyerhold, the President, is the most daring, influential and original of those theatrical directors with communist sympathies. He created the first theatre of " The Socialist Federation of the Russian Soviets " notable for having produced the Aurora of Verhaeren and the Mysteres Bouffes of Maiakovski. The author of Mysteres Bouffes, has the same position among the writers, as Meyerhold 376 among the directors. He also fought in the war as a red soldier and assails the art of yersterday with the same violence. The Mysteres Bouffes in its futuristic visions of class war and world struggle seeks to satisfy the eye and stimulate imagination rather than reason. It is criticised by the intellectuals ; I,unat - charski has judged it severely, and Stanislavski has declared : " It is a caricature that never unfolds its wings. " However, the crowd that nightly throngs the theater acclaims it with enthusiasm. Thus in the new commission, Meyerhold personifies communism, with its daring departures and Stanislavski, culture, taste and the old artistic con - science. Even when his radical associates consider his conceptions passe, they continue to hold him in deep veneration. Stanislavski has never faltered in his task. He is still the man whom Copeau credited (Cahier du Vieux Colom - bier — novembre 1921) with the creation of " The only school of the modern theatre carried to perfection. " The same man of whom Gordon Craig writes in a recent letter to Broom : " Now the two (Stanislavski and his associate) made their theatre worlds famous — the first in Europe — How ? Their chief rule is this : 'We will show a production to the public not by any given date but only when it is ready' Although this differentiation of ideal exists between Stanislavski and the communists directors " for whom the art theatre has no value beyond the personality of its director, Stanislavski, since it is only of mediocre interest from the point of view of social life, because it addresses itself to the intellectuals, " nevertheless he is allowed complete freedom. As Kel states it:"It is such an artist of truly exceptional talent that we should surround with the greatest consideration, for his cooperation is essential to us Stanislavski is more skep - tical of his confreres than they are of him. Before the creation of the new T com - mittee of which he is a member, he is quoted by M. Julien as having said : " The revolutionists wait for something new, but art comes ahead of the revolution and goes farther. One cannot make propaganda of art. " There is probably another reason for the division between Stanislavski and the new theatre, not mentioned by M. Julien. Stanislavski brought to perfection the realistic theatre ; he might be called an inspired Belasco ; 110 one has evei produced dramas of Ibsen and Tschekoff in a comparable manner. Ev - ery detail had to be true to life ; the actors were taught to lose themselves in their parts to such an extent that several have been reported to have gone insane. Not only in Russia is this emphasis antipathetic to the spirit of the new theatre. Expression by means of symbols, more abstract and less naturalistic, is the trend of creators in the western world ; and the Mysteres Bouffes might be preferred by the younger groups outside of Russia, to the Cherry Orchard, even under the direction of Stanislavski. 377 M. Julien also describes Kachalof's presentations of Byron's Cain and of Gogol's Revisor : The three new schoools opened under Kachalof's direction and the continuation of the opera. He speaks of Vackatangof, the third member of the commission, and his performances of St. Anthony by Maeterlinck, of Sanine, formerly of the Imperial Theatre of Moscow, uniquely versed in " scenes de masse Two secretaries have been appointed to assist the central committee in the selection of plays. Maxim Gorki and Beskine are at present in charge of this department of theatrical literature. The latter, an ex-laborer, also concerns himself with the problem of bringing the theatre to the v/orkers and peasants, and vice-versa. An interesting by-play of the main program is the regulation that each member of the committee must go in turn into the' provinces and personally take part in the local productions. The idea being, according to Kel, that " The consequences of a stay in a village far from Moscow of personalities such as Stanislavski or Meyerhold, can achieve inestimable results in the future of the theatre. " — We would be pleased if it were also decreed that they visit Main Street. — M. Julien goes on to describe the projects for bringing the audience into the performance — "To mix the people in the creation " — mentioned also by M. Ehrenbourg. Much importance is attached to this phase, as exemplified by organizations of pageants and street shows. The article concludes with the statement: " It is very likely that discoveries of greater power and importance will arise from the Russian revolutionary theatre than our old world is apt to develop. " The November issue of our contemporary, L,es Ecrits Nouveaux, contains an article on America. M. Bernard Fay, the author, has a point of view and a French clarity of expression that so efficiently disperse the confused nimbi which shield that country from our understanding, that we quote at length therefrom. M. Fay divides America into two major divisions : the American world of letters with small centres in New York, Boston and Chicago, and the rest of America. The former, which in spite of its three heads, is homogeneous, accord - ing to M. Fay, recognized three outstanding literary events last year " I v a Grande Rue, de Sinclair qui est un beau roman realiste et amer, la Reine Victoria, de L. Strachey, l'Empereur Jones, drame realiste et douloureux d'Eugene O'Neill. " " All these works are competent and well done, and do honor to the authors who created them and to the public who appreciate them. But, for a stranger, they are empty. They are books for discussion. They give no new direction to 378 the human soul. They will cause no more commotion than an ambassadorial toast at an international banquet or a controversy on the distribution of a prize. Then again, they are very English. Their style, their honesty, their literary machinery are those of Great Britain, and one thinks of Wells, Shaw, Chester - ton, and Lord Bryce, who at the moment are the favorite authors of this public. " And a little further on — " This literary public of the United States with its lectures, its newspapers of twenty pages, is the best informed in the entire world, has the best digestion of any nation and charming taste. But in its soul it loves to discuss only the most precise subjects and to see its young authors march in ordered steps towards the forms and traditions of literary England. In this direction it believes, lies the intellectual progress of the United States. " There is no other literary public in America. But there are millions of living men whom I have known. I did not land at New York ;, I entered on foot living freely with those who came from all the States, North, South, West, and the Centre. Since I have known them, I have not been content to see only the world of cultivated America. These young men were to me the symbol of a mass which is not organized and has no consciousness, but which has taste, unbelievable liberty, vehemence of feelings and multiple and passionate desires. The United States is not a myth of the geographical maps. It exists as an enormous space, it lives as a huge emotional crowd. " Speaking of The Kid by Charlie Chaplin : " This film has been the great artistic event of the winter. It is sad and full of reproaches, it criticises that which is most respected in the United States, women, social order, and the great thieves. Its triumph, in spite of prejudi - ces, in spite of financial depression, is one of the most curious phenomena of last winter. " M. Fay also expresses a qualified admiration for American popular novels whose authors " dare not write liteiature a I do not find these popular American stories entirely bad. They bore me, but are less deceiving than the liteiary creations. They inspire hope. They are not, like the others, an end. I love the Saturday Evening Post, which is cut into sections like a sausage, pages of stories, — epic, lyric, comic, sentimen - tal — intermixed with ads where one sees magnificent corsets and miraculous tooth powders. The same ladies who appear m the advertisements decorated in corsets, die as queens in the stories, assassinated by ignoble negroes. " " It makes a strange impression upon the traveller when he perceives that Americans have never regarded their civilization for its intrinsic value. They accept it, they praise it, they gloiify it as moral and ideal. They live it with enthusiasm but seek neither to analyze nor to judge it. 379 Outside of some strangers and some Israelites, I have known no famous author who has seen the originality of this civilization. The literati consider American culture as a branch of English culture. In the great universities, there are four chairs of English literature to one of American. Those of their writers who do not appear typical are treated with distrust, as dissenters. The community of language which has given the Anglo-Saxon such a commercial advantage is on the way toward ruining American art. " " One accuses the American newspaper of adding to this confusion and of being stupid. I do not know what one should say of our own in this regard. Besides, it seems to me the American newspapers have done more and better than the literati. They have invented and established a new form which pleases the people and corresponds to them. In their enormity, in their variety, these pa - pers are one of the most sincere products under the sun. They are amusing, hardy, tragic, mundane. They indefinitely lenew the spectacle of existence. They are stupid, with less pretention than ours, and more informative. They have beau - tiful pictures, they pay moie. They circulate more widely. Their scandals are greater than ours, their heroines more virtuous. They cannot help but de - velop imagination and taste for life. " — "The sight of the crowds which throng the museums, concerts, and public libraries has surprised me. The prestige which surrounds the better artists has persuaded me that the United States waits, longs for, and invokes with passion, the great man of letters of whom they have need.. They will bear in triumph the first writer of genius who will appear. " M. Fay, like most Frenchmen, then admires American architecture, street planning, football stadiums, and concludes — " A stranger always receives the impression that the Americans have not yet found their intellectual milieu. They lack either a revealer, or the time, or the occasion. They have produced and produce beautiful things which are neither entirely beautiful nor entirely their own. Their literature seems to free itself from commercial oppression only to become a kind of religion. Among the conservatives it is a dogmatic esthetic which seeks to moralize, among the radicals it is a rapturous mysticism, tainted by a Bergsonism more or less con - scious, as in the work of Waldo Frank. Anarchists wish art to supress religion, traditionalists that it recreate religion and be a part of it. The necessary distinc - tion between the religious life of the soul, and its pleasures, is either supressed or enfeebled. Art oscillates between soc l al questions, moral problems, and re - volution. Freudian doctrines have putin their appearance during the last two years, to add to the harm. They verify Freud in verse and utilize him in novels. One is forced to believe that American literature will not be worthy of itself until after it has changed its methods of associating ideas and sentiments. 380 We consider so many of M. Fay's reactions acrid and stimulating that we have quoted at length. But we disagree in this particular: Queen Victoria, one of the three major literary events specified, has primarily appealed to that literary America of charming taste, subservient to English literature. But Main Street has not. Nor is Main Street a vengeance of the East upon the West, as M. Fay states elsewhere. A study of the number of copies sold or even of their geographical distribution would rebut M. Fay's contention. Literary America read Main Stleet (it reads everything, even Hamsun), but in general sniffed —" his style does not flow, the English has no rhythm, no resonance — Main Street somehow got over to the " mass which is not organized, has no consciousness " but which is rapidly acquiring one. And it got ovei not as a revenge of the East upon the West but as a revolt against the dead, dried up, hypocritical, stagnant remnant of a civilization, currently called Puritanism, derived in bygone centuries from that same England to which literary America kowtows. Main Street lives on Fifth Avenue, 011 Beacon Hill, just as truly as it bisects Moose Jaw. Russia and America are sepai ated by many kilometres of land and miles of sea. Judging by the two articles from which we have quoted, they are as far apart spiritually as they are corporeally. And yet one finds them associated in the strangest conjunction by disillusioned Europeans of all nationalities, except the Irish. Sometimes it is an artistic renaissance, sometimes a spiritual revival, sometimes an economic panacea that is anticipated, but whatever it may be, they are quite sure it will come from Russia or America, or possibly from both. A few palpable similarities are evident. Both have great size, untouched natural resources and undeveloped territory. But these are more than balanced, by the fact that one is materially the richest and the other the poorest of occiden - tal nations. The American people possesses a naive trust in the value of univer - sal education ; the Russian government shares this confidence. The United States is mottled with little theatres and debating clubs usually made up of insurgents against the existing artistic or economic order. The Russian Govern - ment, and the small party it represents, attempt artificially to effect a similar act - ivity despite the apathy of the populace. In unsuspected recesses of the American continent free thinking individuals, who desperately contend with the accepted philosophy, germinate spontaneously. In suspected quarters of the Russian po - pulation, plots are incubated to restore the antecedent status quo. The indivi - dualistic liberalism professed by the alternating political paities, who ostensibly rule the United States, derives from the theories of j&gt;re-revolutionary French 381 philosophers, whose decayed teeth had been efficaciously extracted by pre-em - inent American dentists. On the other hand, the existent Russian Government autocratically enforces the latest radical doctrines, allowing no criticism ex - cept from within its own party. In general, the Russian authorities expend as much energy in disseminating these tenets among their recalcitrant masses as the American authorities exert in suppressing them. But the vague faith of Europe in the two countries probably rests on other grounds. Europe has lost all illusions about herself, is resigned to a cynical spirit of acceptance. To her, human nature is unchangeable, greed and envy will continue to exist, and misery and wars to follow. In Russia and the Unit - ed States credence abides that, given other conditions, the nature of man will change. Therefore Europe, unable to resign herself, replaces by this faith in two unfathomed nations, the discarded trust in a progressive evolution that the Neo-Darwinists substituted for religion. The December Dial prints an article on American Painting by Mr. Paul Rosenfeld, tracing its development from Albert Pinkham Ryder to Georgia O'Keeffe. Mr. Rosenfeld has given several noteworthy precedents for plain speaking when wielding a critical pen. We shall follow his excellent example. The article under discussion is an offence to American criticism and a cal - umny on American art. At this moment when the general public, stimulated by the publicity given to the mysterious new art, which up till now it had taken as a joke, asks for enlightenment and assistance, it is indeed a misfortune that one of our most advanced journals should combine with a respected critic, to rain upon their expectant intelligences, such a melliflous pot-pourri. " Disks of saddest silver burn coldly amid profound and undulent blacks ; rims of dreamy light glow palely as the greening skies of after sunset; dullest gold of night-cloud edge is subtly and mystically harmonized with sable and with the aureate browns of embossed leather. The fanfares of romance breath through the tender mysterious tones, the sensitive foaming forms Great stuff ! — Poe might have wished to incorporate it in his vision of Eldorado but as an aid to understanding modern art, it is about as useful as a Baudelaire sonnet to designer of turbines. The French, admittedly pre-eminent in pictorial art, devote several magaz - ines to art criticism. They are read by a public more familiar with and cognizant of aesthetics than the American. Yet they resemble the Scientific American and the Mechanical Age infinitely more closely than they do this sample of art criticism. We do not contend that the French should be slavishly imitated, 382 even though they excel in this instance, but we consider it food for reflection that the most distinguished art milieu prefers to study art scientifically, while the unformed and chaotic Ameiican field is fed with spumescent rhetoric and conscious fine writing. But our aversion to the form of this criticism is not our primary quarrel. The article misinforms and is misleading. " The stout woman in grey singing at the piano, opening her mouth in half intense and flaccid fashion, brings one the feeling of the monotony and second rate quality of existence, the languorous fashion in which nature takes and gives the lives of her creatures, pours it out carelessly, wastes it; floods of energy poured forth, nothing very noble, very tragical, or very exciting happening withal". Since when is painting a medium for expounding philosophy ? Before written language was perfected painting recorded the dreams, the fears and the aspirations of the race, but the modern artist is supposedly concerned with what Clive Bell terms " significant form ", the pattern or arrangement of form and colour which has the power of evoking an " aesthetic emotion " in contrast to literary or poetic sentiment. " The mustard browns, the dull rich greens, the fawns and tans and soft warm whites, call to mind the smell of hay, the breath of kine, the taste of warm squirted milk. One hears perforce the grunting of piglets, the lowing of oxen, the swishing of great slow tails. Butter and cheese and all dairy products have a sort of apotheosis here Shades of Mid-Victorianism ! A good enough descrip - tion of an old time chromo or a dining room mural at which the polite guests exclaim, " Why those grapes look jus' good enough to eat/' We doubt that Dove had hoped thus to compete with coloured photography or the cinematograph. At any rate the cow in the reproduction refused to swish for us. Another inference of which we are persuaded, is that Mr. Rosenfeld is city bred and unfamiliar with natural functions. No other explanation can account for his predilection for " grossly animal processes We suggest that next sum - mer he beg permission of some friendly farmer to be present when the bull is let in on the cow. It is really more interesting in life than are paintings of the " Organs that differentiate the sex. " Not that we agree with the " puritan unwillingness to perceive man in his relation to the rest of creation" but that to a painter a phallus like a pistil is expressive only by its form. Perhaps the Egyptians habi - tually remarked " some crocodile " when they sauntered by the obelisk, but we doubt it. Again it may be that Miss O' Keeffe's paintings " lead one further and fur - ther into the truth of a woman's life/' her art may breathe "a prayer that the 383 indifferent and envious world may be kept from defiling and wrecking the white glowing place " but if so it has nothing to do with the question of whether her art is good or bad or as to what her painting means as painting. Mr. Rosenfeld writes impressionistic criticism. He purports to transfer the emotion of contemporary pictorial art into a literary form; to invoke by words the beauty of the paintings and thereby to assist others not so well equipped artistically as he, to get a reaction. A legitimate and worth while aspiiation. But the first essential is the ability to look at a picture. Not a line in the lengthy discourse gives an indication that this is the case. While Mi. Rosenfeld was in Paris he had every opportunity to familiarise himself with current art theories. He could have read in many different forms : " A great painter conceives and executes a homogenous organism, a new body from which one cannot subtract or risk the destruction of the smallest particle. But the novelty resides in the arrangement of the elements and in their distribution. Their conventional meaning matters not at all. A combat of gladiators, a pastoral idyll, or a sim - ple relationship of angles can satisfy us equally. It is not necessary to humanize geometric forms but to extricate from a work, its specifically plastic import/' (Waldemar George — in YAmour de TArt). But Mr. Rosenfeld seem either to have escaped contact with all such theorizing or to have dismissed it as inapplicable, although it underlies the work of the artists whom he criticizes. Mr. Rosenfeld seems only to react to the literary content of the paintings, a tendency which has been the most destructive in the history of art and has caused one decadence after another. Modern art has but recently tried to struggle from under this incubus, and it is the sacred duty of critics to assist this en - deavor. To judge American painters by discarded criteria, and criteria which their creations ignore, is considerably worse than useless. Mr. Stieglitz, whom he mentions, has devoted a life-time to the struggle, and the fight has only commenced. Most American painting still endeavors to outdo realistic photo - graphy, to be more lifelike than life. We can understand why such criticism is written, Mr. Rosenfeld has sup - plied the key. — " For an act of imagination is the process of perceiving an objective verity, and no one born this side the Atlantic can stand looking long into the face of the truth. Why it is so, why the truth, hard to envisage in the old world, should be a sort of head of Medusa in the New, it is not easy to say. Perhaps it is for the reason that the verity concerning America itself, the prime truth for the American, is so painful that sluggish life prefers to main - tain itself on a low plane by means of a moral blindness rather than struggle desperately and perhaps perish on a higher. Perhaps it is for the reason that no individual can see the realities unsustained by the will of the group. One knows it oneself whatever one be, the pain of gazing long at the truth concerning 384 oneself; the glare of the fierce light, the constantly recurrent impulse to glance away immediately after the vision into some consoling rose-land, to cuddle oneself with the chocolate and the movies and newspaper patriotism of the eternal illusion. It's as if the breast were sore, and could'nt long bear the embrace of life, and relaxing the passionate clasp shrank away/' (Dial, page 619, November) — but we cannot understand why it is printed by the paper which editorially asks. — " Is it possible that the common literature of our day is forsaking the direct simplicity which made it if nothing else intelligible, and, with an instinct for these things, is beginning to give us exactly the wrong thing in style and an initiation to bad poems-in prose ? — (Dial, page 624, November). It is with feelings of deep regret that we have been forced to accept the re - signation of Alfred Kreymborg from BROOM. 11l health and the demands of his own work have necessitated this separation, and he leaves us to go North - wards accompanied by every wish of BROOM for his future welfare and success. Mr. Kreymborg's address for the next two months will be Hotel Moderno, Rapallo, Italy. H. A. L. KrnESTO PraTONI, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by «VUniverselle » Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma. Broom completes its first volume with the present number and takes THE OPPORTUNITY OF SAYING A FEW WORDS ABOUT ITSELF. We have introduced to the public not only American writers and ar- TISTS PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN, BUT WE HAVE ALSO PUBLISHED TRANSLATIONS OF THE WORKS OF INNOVATORS, IMPORTANT TO EUROPEAN LITERATURE, WHO HAVE NOT HITH - ERTO FOUND A HEARING IN THE UNITED STATES. At the same time, Broom has placed before its readers selections from THE CONTEMPORARY OUTPUT OF WRITERS OF REPUTATION SUCH AS GORDON CRAIG, € James Stephens, Walter De La Mare, Paul Claudel, Picasso and Matisse, TO MENTION BUT A FEW OF THE EUROPEANS. Broom has before it a long program which it hopes to develop. In these four numbers our foreign material has been derived chiefly from France, England, Italy and Russia, but we still have in Germany, Spain, and the countries of northern Europe a vast untouched field of which we propose to avail ourselves. In addition, it is our intention to offer to our readers material from THE RECENT LITERATURE OF THOSE NEWLY CREATED STATES OF CENTRAL EUROPE, WHICH ARE ONLY NOW BEGINNING TO GIVE EXPRESSION TO THEIR NATIONAL CONSCIEN - CES, HITHERTO SUBMERGED. Broom is published in Rome, 3266 miles from New York, 4269 miles from Chicago and 6227 miles from San Francisco. Owing to these distances which separate us from the Great Majority OF OUR READERS AND THE CONSEQUENT INEVITABLE DIFFICULTIES OF DISTRIBUTION, WE ASK THOSE INTERESTED IN US TO SUPPORT OUR VENTURE BY MORE THAN BOOK - SHOP PURCHASES AND TO SUBSCRIBE. AMERICAN subscriptions (5 dollars a year) should be mailed to the New York Office, THREE EAST NINTH STREET ; EUROPEAN subscriptions to the main office, 18, TRINITA DEI MONTI, ROME (6), Italy. «THE ARTIST, GRACEFULLY GES - TICULATING ABOUT HIMSELF, ON HIS DIVAN, IS HIDEOUS, BUT IF HE DANC - ED ON A BOULDER AND WAVED A LILAC BOUGH IN ONE HAND AND A « BROOM » IN THE OTHER, ONE COULD RESPECT HIM. » MAXWELL BODENHEIM - THE DIAL. BROOMAn International Magazine of the Arts Published by Americans in ItalyEditors, Harold A. Loeb, Alfred Kreymborc. — Associate Editor, Giuseppe Prezzolini FEBRUARY, 1922 Vol*- J&gt; No&gt; 4- The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editors cannot hold themselvesresponsible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. fromEurope should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office.The price of Broom is :For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year s subscription. For Italy,.10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francsfor a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillingsfor a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of samewill be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, Trinita dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy.New York Office, Three East Ninth Street.London Office, Cecil Palmer, Oakley House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. (Concluded) (continued) (To be continued) KrnESTO PraTONI, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by «VUniverselle » Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma. PageSuburban Landscape — P. Server 2&amp;9Czecko-Slovak Painting — Jan Zrzavy 290A Roman Night — Paul Morand (Trans, by H. A. L.) 291Still Life — Carlo Carra 300New York, A Farewell — Emmy Veronica Sanders 301Princess Brambila Designed by Jakouloff 3°5A Note on the New Russian Poetry — Louis Sozowick 306«L'annonce faite a Marie » Costumes — G. Vesnin . 312A Note on the New Russian Theatre — Elie Ehrenbourg 3*4Proteus — Paul Claudel Heliographs — Bayard Boyeson 347Ishijma — Paul Eldridge 34$The Offering of Plebs — Jean de Bossch&amp;re 35°You Have Not Seen that lAm the Poor Man — Jean de Bosschere 352Institutrice Esthete — Jean de Bosschere . . . 353Fox Trot — Osbert Sitwell 357Czecho-Slovack Painting — Joseph Capek 360Czecho-Slovack Painting — Joseph Capek 361The Cockerell — Allardyce Cromartie 362Dedicated to the Enemy — Gordon Craig • 3^3Comment — H. A. SUBURBAN LANDSCAPE. P. Selves. Pallid with heat, a taut metallic skyIs looped above the siding, drably scarredWith rails that flank a sooty engine-yard,Ash-heaps and sheds and roofing all awry.Derelict mouse-grey trucks are mirrored byThe sepia of a mute canal, where charredGasometers squat sullenly on guard,And barges drowse and boilers faintly sigh.Tonight the arc-lamps, poised from slender stems,Will bloom like silvery fruits. Signals will gleamWith shifting specks of jade and crimson gems.Then music : hiss and gasp of throttled steam,Staccato gamut of the shunted trains,And murmurous diapason of the cranes. A ROMAN NIGHT. From the French ofPaul, Morand. Czecho-Slovak Painting. Jan Zrzavy. In the hotel garden, some cats were singing. A dog dispersed them withmuch barking ; then came back hanging out his tongue, blue from having eatenblackberries or fountain pens. While we attacked our trunks, in chaotic disor- der, the mother of Isabelle waited in the hall. She was a little woman,excessively preserved by milk of cucumbers and egotism ; her wrinkles knottedbehind her ears, her bosom sowed with a row of false pearls whose nauticaloriginals she held in her hand in a little bag of crocodile skin.When she saw me she cried out:" I confide my daughter to you. Isabelle does not want to go back to Francewith me. She permits no constraint. She is like the air. Nothing matters toher. You, Monsieur, you are a scholar, a man of sense ; watch over her. Whereis she ? She is here no longer. Gone God knows where, without a maid. Shehas carried off some bottles, a quilt, and a spade with which to kill lizards, sayingthat she hoped for nothing more from me and that my hypocrisy irritated her.This young lady drinks like a sink, and all liquors without distinction. Nothingwhich used to amuse us, the four step, Hungarian lace, the horse show, Venetianpainting, interests her. Every thirty years the world sheds a skin and uswith it. At your age, I tell her, I had five children. And she replies : ' Thatmust have given you a pretty belly. ' She is indifferent to clothes ; she refusesto go out into society. My scruples and my prejudices enchant her. She en- deavors to amuse herself with everything, but by ridicule. She knows nothing.No taste for art. That which she writes has no sense. Morally one would saythat she has gone to pieces ; she is everyone's prey ; she congratulates herself oneverything that happens or scoffs at it; she calls herself accursed but laughsabout it. I shall miss my train. Truly a worm is in the fruit. Tell me whatis this madness ? "" It is a generation sacrified, Madame ; the men have become soldiers, thewomen, fools. Fate has again aj)portioned us a pretty lot of calamities. "She stopped the motor which prevented our hearing one another." Note that up to the age of fifteen there never was a better brought-upchild, " she said, entrusting me with the key of her room which she had omitted to give back to the porter. (I myself forgot about this key until the heavy tri- angle of copper to which it was attached had made a hole in my pocket largeenough for it to gain the street.)Graphological Study By Professor Ovide.Study No. 34. — Isabeixe.Handwriting of a young woman of refined and sufficiently mobile physiog- nomy. Strong constitution. Although she lives in luxury, it is doubtful whethershe belongs by birth to an aristocratic milieu. Intelligence superficial; butquite adequate for pleasing ; ideas personal without always being logical. Dispo- sition difficult.More of a coquette than she would care to admit, she keeps to a fixed deport- ment and is antipathetic to that which is too licentious. More independentthan proud ; even to a fault in this regard.Expansive and amiable in society. Her sincerity is subservient to caution.Heart half dry, tender by fits. Need of authority and influence over personsloved. Sensuality, which exists, is not of a delicate character. Cunning on oc- casion.I reread this graphological study of Isabelle which I had asked ProfessorOvide, of St. Mans-les-Fosses, to prepare on one of our first days. I used it toknow her better, long enough to discover that the diagnosis was false. Expe- rience left nothing of it but some half-humurous trifles in the lingo of mind- readers, at which she was the first to laugh.Isabelle had an" impulsive temperament and a reserved character. I onlyhad the leisure to find this out and to make her acquaintance in a general wayafter we had enjoyed together that pleasure which formerly was used to crownor to seal the affections. In truth, the night even of our first meeting, at theTeatro Valle, she told me that I looked like a sycamore, and we embraced eachother in the carriage which brought us to her mother's. The rules of the gamewere found to be much simplified. Passion lost thereby its graduated interest, butth£ sway of sentimental, magnetic and chemical exchanges ruled more freelyand gained in verity ; and we in lucidity.Isabelle confessed to me afterwards that she neglected no occasion to profferthis spontaneous gift of her person ; she acted thus from an excess of modesty, not hesitating to sacrifice her virtue ; she rejoiced in it as an aid to her intelli- gence and to her sensitiveness. In reality her intelligence was mediocre and Idoubt if her sensibility had ever corrupted this heart " half dry, tehder by fits "that Professor Ovide had defined for me.At any rate here we found ourselves on the ground floor of a trusting intimacywhich rarely is the privilege of people without prejudices. By a curious regres- sion, which doubtless was the result of the manner in which we made each others'acquaintance — so true is it that one cannot invert the natural order of thingswithout danger — I was not slow in experiencing for Isabelle all the customaryphases of sentiment, but in reverse order. In the beginning, indifference andfatigue followed by that tenderness which results from the pleasure of winninglove, and ending in curiosity and play.We saw each other very often. Isabelle spent several long months in Rome,not that I was ever able to guess what held her in this unpicturesque and deso- late town.When I asked her, jokingly, if she expected to end her days there :" Perhaps, " she said, " and before long. "Her pension looked out upon the old fortifications in the vicinity of thePorta Pia. My life looked out on a court from the second floor of the PalazzoFarnese, for I was a pupil of the Ecole de Rome. I kept there a card index, aladder to reach the books on the highest shelves in the library, and a muddyinkwell. When six o'clock rang, I would take leave of my dear master in the cor- ner room. He read low African authors seated in an armchair of emerald velvet,surrounded by Angoras and other cats the color of pumice stone, such as one findsaround the Trajan Column. I have not forgotten his eyeglasses poised on hisforehead like two great icicles, his white hair rebellious as the character under- neath, nor his head like an old peasant Erasmus which stood out in silhouetteagainst a milky Janiculus. Then I reached the court through several corridorsravaged by draughts. The concierge, the same who discreetly sold antiqui- ties in the depths of his den and retailed the feet of the Farnese Hercules, inclinedto me a smile hung from his silver stripes.On the shore of the Tiber, Isabelle waited for me. We returned on foot tothe higher quarters. Her physique amazed in that countiy of women with longbusts and short thighs. She had a minute head which she claimed was filledwith water, to excuse her follies. She had never been capable of possessing abody. From her shoulders she instantaneously divided into two legs thin andpointed in the shape of a compass which moved her forward by pricking off thepavement. She wore on her left ankle a heavy slave bracelet of sculpturedcopper which made her limp. Before a third party she quite willingly'kept silent, but in tete-a-tete, letherself go saying everything she thought. She but little liked acquaintances,particularly those one meets in hotels and pensions, in which she was wrong —for anything is preferable to a friendship which endures and for the endurance ofwhich one is obliged to espouse every form of a twofold hazard and become ahybrid monster, expensive, and greedy of sacrifices.When I warned her against asceticism :" The true ascetics are the amateurs of society. My mother, forexample. Vices and virtues. For them, the social world takes the place ofeverything. "Isabelle hated her mother, never missing an occasion of making her ridi- culous and only praising her when she was absent. At table she seemed to liein wait for a chance to pounce on her.She smiled, puckering her narrow as if to introduce her interlocutor toa complete idea and to invite a response; she ended her sentences by holding outher opened hands, the insides of which were painted a bright rose. Usually shewas without wit, except, as with all women, in her letters. The fragments ofher diary which she showed me seemed destitute of value. But she spit up blood,won money from me at poker by cheating, and had a lively taste for lies whichcontrasted with an extreme physical bravery. I have seen her, in the course ofan accident, give first aid, forgetting to dress her own injuries. During thirty- six months of the war she drove a field ambulance at Noyon.In her room Isabelle ordered a drink, pausing over the glass, half empty ;her eyes filled with tears, as if the draught had opened some mysterious and sen- sitive portal, then without lifting her face from the glass, she went on drinking.She seated herself tailor fashion 011 the carpet, crossing her legs underneath,not without dry arthritic crackings of her bony knees, and smoked without ces- sation with the air of a lazy cat. Thus she remained for hours, inactive, cynicaland genital.In the spring, Isabelle made some acquaintances. She had lived aloneall winter." What do you think of Igor ? "I reproached him for his beauty, his venomous eyes, and for the clamourof the colored placards in which Igor, the great movie star, stood forth in a dresssuit on desolate shores, or as a poor student in an upholstered vestibule, his ir- ritating profile silhouetted against dormer windows, his sallow skin punctuatedwith stars, his hands pallid with cream beside those of teamsters telling fortunesin dives." He looks like a maple tree, " said Isabelle. Igor is Greco-Irish. His father is a general in Greece and his mother the wifeof a general in Ireland. The first time I met him at Isabelle's, she weighed thetwo of us." Ivife is a tissue of contrasts, " sighed she.This was the phase when Isabelle took to kidney-vetch, surrounded herselfwith prismatic crystals, breakfasted on ginger bread, acquired a Florentinecupboard bed ; received each day a magnolia from an unknown hand, and gavestrange orders to the servants ; it was impossible fox her to touch suede withoutfainting. She shut herself off from life by specious reasonings; she received mereclining on panther skins and her words became elliptical.One day she took me into her room. Above her bed were pinned an assort- ment of bills, letters, photographs of foot racers, and' a placard on which I read :Do not forget to make love on Saturday with Igor. I felt I should not questionher. But she looked at me :" Your eyes are dull, " she said. " The eyes of Igor are crystal. I don'tlike resigned heroes. ""As for me I like women who make their own hats, and who speak of thedeceptions of existence. ""As you like. But beware of falling of the womb. "She placed her glass on the disc of the phonograph and watched it turn tothe sound of " Naples ! I want to die, 'neath your enchanted sky. "" You ..."" Don't talk, " she interrupted. " I feel what you are going to say : 'MyGod ! that a woman who does not love me can be such a hussy. ' Or perhaps' Stick to me, you will see, I will bring you luck.Igor had a friend, Wanda. Isabelle introduced me to her: she was Polishand believed in ghosts. We made several nocturnal excursions to the site ofOstium. I sat on the bracket seat. Isabelle had Wanda on her right, Igor onher left, and held under her hands their similar fingers. Her sincerity discon- certed me. To keep from abuse, I joked :" I would rather be the first in my village than the second in Rome, or thethird ..."Under cover of my gracefulness and insolence I laid bare my lost and foundsufferings. I would have wished to live near Isabelle and to love her as completelyas when far away. But in the evening I found myself discovering in her thatwhich I was obliged in the morning to detest, her imprudences and the prompt- itude and low character of her entertainments.Through Wanda, Isabelle learned to know the odor of red hair, the explanationof her afternoon melancholy, the best addresses for silk jerseys, unpublished Levantine solitaire on a horoscopic base, and to kill bees in order to suck theirhoney. This was the regime of lemons, of shaddocks, of jujubes and of tri-coloredbonbons. Isabelle painted lozenges and spirals on her trunks, searched far andwide for devices, sent anonymous letters to statesmen, bought mosaic brooches,wore chasubles, disturbed her quarter by nocturnal uproars, extolled poverty,and discovered she was afflicted by aortic lesion.During this period I was less unhappy. Isabelle summoned me to a meetingin the public gardens. On a bench she told me that she would commit suicidewith gas, and that she did not wish to be carried into a drug-store.Laughable and pale, she repeated :" I am at a cross-roads ..."To console her I cited these verses of the good La Fontaine of Ravignanstreet :Child Hercules found two roads on his routeOne leading to vice the other to virtueContinuing the first he would doubtless have foundSome bifurcations which would have confused him.I met Wanda one morning. It was on the Piazza S. Isidoro. In buildinga branch of the Banca Commerciale, they had excavated by chance a temple ofJupiter. The illustrated papers were taking photographs. It was an occasionfor a promenade. It was raining. All mauve and green, Wanda was domiciledin an unsinkable waterproof.I upbraided her for her spirit of domination, her skillful fencing, hersweet and nasty habits, in a word, for the ambuscade into which Isabellehad fallen." Don't you know, " said she, " how I met Isabelle ? My hair is red, butit is she who is jealous. She waited until morning in front of Igor's door. Itwas I who came out. She spoke without knowing me." I want a word with you, " she said." I led her away to my rooms. She remained there .. . We were morethan a week without daring to confess to Igor. "Unclosed by a screen of reed cane, the sub-basements of the bank were vis- ible among which a two-faced Jupiter had just been brought to life, frigid anddominating, the first vice-president." My story doesn't please you ?" It hurts me to see how all you women of today are disorderly and un- productive. "" Complain all you like .. . But believe me, all these vagrancies of Isabelleare only mortifying experiences destined to humiliate her pride. " You are but an amiable sophism, " I answered, and left her.Wanda called after me :" Do you really find that I look like a holly-oak tree ? "Then Isabelle invented a mulatto. His name was Jock and his trousershung from a nickel-plated belt. He inscribed on hardwood floors with the toeand heel of his polished shoes, magic characters which one wished to decipher.His nails like pink drops stopped at the ends of his fingers. Without apparenteffort, either forward or backward, he could touch the ground with his woollyhair. He worshipped fetiches and adored ladies' purses. One saw them toge- ther at the Palatino and at the Excelsior bar.Isabelle was about to sing his praises but I got in the first blow." Don't tell me that he looks like a wild rose tree. "In a little while she developed a taste for denatured alcohol, plug tobacco,clog dancing, the noisiest ragtime, vermillion tablecloths, gooseberry coloredsatin knickerbockers, a cloak made of patches placed end to end." Jock loves me, " said Isabelle. "He has asked me for letters and photo- graphs. His skin is crackled to imitate porcelain. He has prehensile feet andgoes down trees like a cat, head foremost. He is enormous. . . How does Buff onput it in speaking of elephants, a monster of matter ? He also knows how toforge signatures and pick locks. W7hen he comes to see me he says : 'I cannotleave you without carrying off something of yours. ' "She added : " I love him also. We attracted each other at once like ma- gnetized bars. His great black hand on my forehead, and headaches pass away;must I lose your esteem for this ? And my mother claims I am unmanage- able ! A change of love works on me as a change of air on others. It per- forms miracles. "" What a queer couple ! And never divided by boredom ? "" Never. But all this is dangerous and complicated. I will explain it toyou some day. "What was his hour at Isabelle's ? One never ran into him. But we receivedanonymous envelopes which contained monstrous photographs of our friend.Looking more closely, we noticed that the head had been cut out and gluedon. I discovered in a pawnbroker's on the Trastevere a bracelet that I hadgiven her.Wanda told me." Yesterday morning, I was in my room ; I was dressing. Some one rang.Being alone, I did not open." Who is there ? " Behind the door someone muttered :" Let me in ; it's a friend. "I did nothing.Some one went down the stairs and that was all.Meanwhile Isabelle disappeared, as I have told, at the very moment her mo- ther was leaving Rome. I waited, knowing that she would not put off giving mea sign. Nothing happened. Her absence sometimes was agreeable, but moreoften distressing : we cease having a taste for mystery when our friends provethemselves amateurs of enigma. I accumulated fears. After a day withouther, my room, in the evening would give but a cold reception , I lived on exaspe- rations, deploring the blemishes of life, hastening to mingle with the crowds onthe streets, reacting to the headlines of the newspapers; I was a scholar, I couldnot accustom myself to live, as is necessary these days, without documentation,without preliminary investigations, going to press madly every moment.One evening I found Igor and Wanda on a terrace. They were takinga drink the colour of colchicum before the petrified furbelows of the church ofJesus.Isabelle had given no indication of life to anyone." I onlv know from the masseuse, " said Wanda, that she has rented ahouse outside of the walls. Pavillion 12, in a Boche villa which has a name likea cafe. Just beyond la Porta del Popolo, a hole between two hills, in which liesa garden damp and crushed by shade ..."Igor interrupted her." The proprietor springs from a German story with a black knitted bonnetand a beard full of bats ? He lives in the central chalet with some watchdogswho intone the death rattle under the doors ? It is the same one. I know theplace, we acted a film there. "" Let's take supper to her, unexpectedly, " I said. " Surprise Party. "We put into the carriage champagne, a basket of fruit and five pounds of ice.The horse had to stop half way up the hill.We were weighed down with provisions, the gate was open. Igor and Wandawere puffing in the dark, imitating every kind of a stable noise, and on their handsthe noise of kissing.The howling of dogs shattered the night. We sought our way under thesemi-circles of the fig trees. Then the path twisted and stopped before a cur- tain of bamboos, rubbing their leaves. It was even more like the jungle, as theroar of a lion resounded from the zoological garden of the villa Borghese nearly.A white pavilion marked No. 12. Wanda knocked, softly at first, then more strongly. We called. A fieldmouse scampered off. We paused, grouped, silent, dazed by the darkness,our arms loaded with bottles. The ice burned my fingers.Igor suggested entering by going round the garden. We scaled the wallhelped by a pine tree whose cones fell with a crash. Not a sound, not a light,inside. I struck a match. It revealed a stoop. The door was open. I turnedthe switch. A central lamp hanging from a chain burned us alive, floodingthe salon with white daylight. We smelled the odor of musk ; Igor put the cham- pagne on the ground and ran forward. In the bedroom, Isabelle lay on the floor,naked, notionless, with black marks around her neck. NEW YORK, A FAREWELL. Emmy Veronica Sanders. Carlo Carrà. Still life. There is a Tintoretto or a Veronese — somewhere. A fresco, I believe.Ido not now remember. It does not matter.The only thing that stands out clearly from it in my memory is the boldfigure of a woman sitting — her back against the monumental staircase of achurch or temple — one arm hanging down loosely from the knee — the handof the other shading a pair of keen old hawk's eyes gazing at something —intentlyShe is a wicked thing — she is a strong old witch — she might be exer- cising some black magic. . .You are that Witch — New York ! I've thought of you sitting thus —often. Leaning your broad and bony back, your strong hard frame, againsta Continent — you gaze across intently, expectantly — shading your keenold hawk's eyes. You gaze across the waters.There's magic in that gaze.And so they keep coming and coming .You are a fierce old Witch !You are a trickster.The first time I approached you I got tricked.Our liner, on a misty night, crept toward Manhattan. (My memory con- tained no skyscrapers, those days).They loomed up through the mist. Said I:What are those strange old ruins ?Ruins ? ? — They laughed. — It's skyscrapers you see. Broadway —the Battery — dear old New York. Wake up, child ! We have no ruins here.No ruins here — dear old New York ?What else are you but ruins, Sorceress ?What else do you draw strength from, what else is it you squeeze betweenyour claws, what else is it you feed on ? You — City of the Rootless and the Homeless.You — Figure with your back on the Not-Yet and with your eyes on theNo-Longer !No ruins here ?They've called you a terrible city, New York.A city without equal for wickedness and cruelty, for chaos, magic, promise ...O the things you keep whispering under your fierce hot breath, the thingsyou keep mumbling between those hard old lips — as you sit there with yourframe supported by a Continent, with your eyes gazing across ! The incanta- tions and the magic formulas you whisper, stammer, mutter in a tongue thatis no tongue . . .No ruins here ?Even your language — what else is it made of but ruins of languages ?A cross between no-longer and not-yet ?I've heard you of an evening — gibbering, gabbling rapidly (always rapidly)—- whetting your teeth on the shards and fragments of a hundred languages— I've tried to understand your speech, Old Character. But who can under- stand a speech that is a hundred speeches of the Past — a thousand of the Pre- sent — a million of the Future, all in one ?— I've tried to make you out — you Witch. To size you up. To getyour measure, (It's you yourself have taught me those expressions). I've satof an evening looking at you. At your strange little ways — at your abomi- nable — well — characteristics . . .There are Cities, you know, with beautiful gardens — velvety grassplotsall bordered with flowers. Tremendous Cities even, careful of appearances,graceful and trim, made fair by artists' hands. Cities of race and lineage —And You — Who are nobody — everybody — a monstrous thing ofmixtures — an old mongrel —You sneer at flowers, fairness, artists' hands. You sneer at race and lineage.Your hard eyes glitter at the word contemptuously. The flowers bordering yourmangy grassplots are human beings... And printed papers are your butterflies ...Posies of papers sway in the night breeze — black and white butterflypapers frisk on your lawns, shine in the grasses. Your spring nights — theyare redolent — of printer's ink.You chuckle, Witch ?You go on shading those keen eyes with the merciless hand — the claw- like hand — gazing for more to come and more — more human flowers to edgeyour mangy grassplots ?More ruins to feed on — Old Insatiable ? You're doing a brisk business, Hawk-Eyed One ! Keeping that halfway- house (for transients only . . .). A halfway-house for wanderers from no-longerto not-yet . . .You're doing a brisk trade — in ruins.Ruins of styles and traditions, ruins of aims and desires, ruins of faithsand homes — of all the settled structures of the earth.You carry on a trade — in withered roots.You buy the no-longer. You. sell — the not-yet. You are a sly one.There is nothing about you of the maternal, Old Ifady !One does not lest his head on your old bosom — one does not, softly, sinkinto your lap. One haggles with you — one haggles — for a bit of soul to keep,or for a dream to rescue from the bargain — for some old precious curio to hide.You are a fierce old Witch, New York [You City of the Rootless and the Homeless — your strong hard frameagainst a Continent — your keen eyes gazing so intently — And your thinlips that always mutter :No longer . . .AlwaysNot yet. . .You are a trickster.There is another trick you've played on me. Your last one.Was it black magic ? Was it a wizard's potion — given while I slept ?For I had sworn to hate you (as others swear). To hate you fiercely —merciless fierce Thing !Have I not called you names — gambler in rootless souls, buyer of ruins,shrewd innkeeper for all the tribes that wander — ?Have I not seen you sitting thus — gibbering and gabbling in a hundredtongues — that broad and bony back leaning so carelessly — that hawk'sbeak ? (a Tintoretto or a Veronese ...?).You rose — one twilight — suddenly —You rose — and passed me — lost in dreams — heeding me not.You of the harsh staccato name, of the crude market gestures — couldthat be you — New York ?Your eyes — there was a wistfulness in them. . .You whispered softly to yourself — you spoke in a new language — myear caught song. —I saw your stone flesh all diaphanous and radiant like molten amethyst— and the touch of your hands as I felt them in passing was like the touchof one entreating to have her innermost desire understood . . . I saw you — smilingly shedding your flesh as a thing of no consequence(flesh of a strong old Witch exercising black magic). Smilingly shedding surfaceand reality.I saw the flower soul in you as it bloomed in the twilight — naked and chaste— for the rapturous gaze of the Lover. . .And I who swore to hate you,Trickster !Great City of the Fleeting Moment — between No Linger and Not Yet. . . A NOTE ON THE NEW RUSSSIAN POETRY LOZOWICK. « Princesse Brambila » Conte de HoffmanKamernä Theatre; Moscow 1920.Decoration and costumes by Jakouloff. Had your international affiliation or personal curiosity led you to the newJerusalem of Communist Russia in the busy lecture season of 1918, a certainposter would have, doubtless, attracted your attention, for it announced tored Muscovy a discourse of the famous Bolshevik poet Vassily Kamensky.The title of the discourse was : The Career of a Son of a Bitch (Karyera Su- kinavo Syna), and lest you misunderstood the drift and the purport thereofa parenthetic subtitle came obligingly to your aid : The Story of the RussianIntelligentzia (Istoria Russkoy Intelligentzii).The piquant incident is significant. Communist Russia is recasting oldstandards in new moulds, and in the process, Intelligentzia comes in for a heavydrubbing. Well deserved, it must be admitted. The Intelligentzia dreamtthe Revolution, gloried in it, deified it. From Hertzen to Plechanov, from La- vrov to Merezhkovsky the Revolution had been foreseen and foretold withprophetic exactness — its whole course can be narrated in extracts from theirworks. The Revolution came, and behold the Intelligentzia scatter precipit- ously to all corners of the globe squealing pitifully its disaffection. Wellmay the poet take it severely and mockingly to task :You trembled apprehensivelyIyike children in some happy expectation You welcomed the ruin and tragedyAnd horror of a new deluge And it came.We hear reverberating thundersEternal foundations crash into the abyss.Why then do you not plunge into the storm of events Intoxicated by the strangely terrible hurricane ?Why do you still look sadly to the pastAs to some land of promise ?Is it not because the past has now taken place of the future ? Is it notbecause :The dream was welcome only from afarAnd originality pleased youOnly in books of poetic inspiration ?•(Vainery Bryussov "Invective").Apparently, for revolutionary ardor has evaporated at the first approachof rough reality, and past prejudices still hold the Intelligentzia in the grip.And who is this ? Long hairedAnd speaking in a whisper :' Traitors !Russia is lost!* Must be a writer. . .Bi,ok " Twelve ").And sticking outFrom amidst the cannon roarIs seen the round-shouldered backOf a bespectacled, sicklyIntellectual.A shaggy headIs mutteringIndignantWordsAbout the importanceOf ConstantinopleAnd the Straits.(Andrey Byei/v " Christ Is Risen ").The world is shattered to its foundation but the Intelligentzia still cher- ishes its old illusions. Perish the Revolution that the old prejudices mightsurvive. This is how the renegades are regarded by those members of the Ingelligentzia who stuck to the guns. But a further distinction must be drawnbetween the old and the young.Bryussov, Byely, Blok, Ivanov, Sologub, men already in the 'fifties and the'sixties came to the revolution with a baggage difficult to discard. Extreme mo- dernists of some twenty years ago, they grew to maturity at a time when envir- onment was so oppressive and life so banal that they might have exclaimedwith the poet:Un couchant des Cosmogonies !Ah ! Que la Vie est quotidienne !(J. IyAFORGUE " Complainte sur certains ennuis ").Disgusted with the stifling circumambient atmosphere, they retired withintheir ego whence they exuded, as it were, a protective covering, a subjectivepoetry that sought respite in Ancient Greece, in the far Orient, in the infinityof the Cosmos.Too skeptic to accept official religion, they built up an ideologic logomachyof "God-seekers" (Bogoiskately) and "God-creators" (Bogostroitely). Mas- ters of ancient and modern languages and literatures, thoroughly versed in oldand contemporary philosophy, esthetic theoreticians of a high order, prose writ- ers of great power — it was in poetry that they reached their full stature.Never before had Russian poetry ascended such heights or sounded such depths ;never before had the Russian language exhibited such subtlety, richness, expres- siveness. They brought Russian poetry to a state of excellence that will com- pare favourably with the modern poetry of any nation.The revolution shook them from their torpor but was powerless to transformthem completely. True, they turned from dream to reality, they forgot theirindividual selves to blend with the mass, but they were not sufficiently asser- tive. It is with their pre-revolutionary achievements that their fame rests.But if these men, entrenched behind their deep rooted habits and convic- tions, behave with reticence and speak with reserve, the younger poets' fling caution to the wind and bring their intemperate excesses into the marketplace. Shershenevitch, Mariyengoff, Kamensky, Polyetayev, Yesenin, Guera- simov, Kluyev, Mayakovsky throw a challenge to the whole world, exult interror, blood, dynamite, blaspheme Christ and God, denounce Pushkin and Ra- phael, threaten destruction to the old order, call to universal revolution, cele- brate the reign of labor. In a great outburst of revolutionary patriotism theyglorify the Communist fatherland. The German Expressionist poet has wellexpressed their attitude : Oh Tag der WonneTag der Freiheit heiliges Russland !Nie hat Europa schoneren Tag, nie unsere Jugend herrlicheres Ziel!(Carl Otten " Fur Martinet")./They sing paeans to the new art and the new life. Art and life are forthem indissolubly one.Prikaz for the army of art.The brigades of old men always trudge on slowlyThe same straggling stepTo the barricades comrades !To the barricades of souls and hearts !Enough of jog-trottingA leap into the future !Forward singing and whistling !• •••• •••••••••*••••••••»Enough of penny worth truthSweep clean every old notion from your heart.The streets are our brushesThe public squares our palettesInto the streets, Futurists,Drum players and poets !(Vladimir Mayakovsky),Dekret about fence literature, decoration of streets, balconiesWITH MUSIC, CARNAVAIyS OF ART.Come on fellows —Poets, artists, musiciansRoll up your sleevesYesterday the Tolstoys and Kants had taught youToday it is your own head that works. Let us take all vacant fencesRoofs, facades, sidewalks;Let us decorate them to the glory of FreedomLike universal cathedrals.Then follows an injunction for poets to paste their verse on posters allover the city, for painters to decorate it, for musicians to play and sing with andfor the nation.There are six working days in the week,And I boldly proposeTo stage carnivals and processionsEvery day of rest,In praise of the spirit of RevolutionIn the world.(Vassixy Kamensky).Technically little change has taken place in Russian poetry during the re- volution. All schools of Europe are represented. The Soviet Government,master — nominally, at any rate — of the printing industry has shown itself ex- tremely indulgent (often too indulgent, one is tempted to say) with the poeticeffusions of all schools and tendencies. Studios have been opened for recitation,theoretic analysis, and esthetic discussion of poetry, anthologies have been is- sued, magazines have been published. When the shortage of paper is too great" oral almanaclis " do duty for printed ones. Poetic production has increasedto proportions never before attained in Russia.At one end — on the right — are the Proletarian poets who seek simplicityand the Symbolists who seek subtlety ; in the middle are the Imaginists (Ima- ginisty) who seek rich imagery and the Futurists who seek the hidden contactof dissociated ideas ; at the other end — on the left — are the Suprematists whoseek the " Zero point of art " and the Nothingists (Nitchevoki) who seem tohave found it. Before the revolution Krutchenych thought this admirable :Dir boor shtchilloobyeshtchoorskoomvy so boorlez And now Malyevitch thinks this superb :Oole Ele I,el Lee One Kon See AnOnon Koree Ree Koazambe Moena LezhSabno Oratr Tulozh Koaleebee BlestoreTeebo Orene AlazhThese quotations are as cryptic in the Russian original as in the literalEnglish transcription. The theory of the extreme poetic Left absolves the poet fromthe use of comprehensible language. The great Russian poet Tyutchev said :A thought once expressedBecomes a lie.The poets of the extreme Left are evidently determined to utter no lie forthey express no thought. Poetry is to be sung in a language newly createdby each poet, a language empty of logical content but full of emotional signifi- cance. It will not carry intelligibility but communicate emotion to all thosewhose souls are attuned to receive it, and whose mood and temper are congenialwith the poet's own mood and temper. Whether these chosen spirits be ten ora million is of no consequence.In the background of the rich poetic activity there is an abundance ofspeculation in the social theory of the new art (Lunatcharsky, Bogdanov, Frit- che, Tchukovsky) Russian society — and all other — is passing from the Hellof Capitalism through the Purgatory of Proletarian Dictatorship to the Paradiseof Communism. To each different stage corresponds a different form of art(Poetry we know is a whore — ftoesia e una puttana — which is not the leastof her merits). Present' Russian art is still wavering between capitalist realityand Communist visions. It would be therefore premature to draw a valedictoryof Communist poetry before it found full expression. Daring experiments aretried and incompatible poetic elements often collide and burst into explosion.A school whose phylogenetic evolution, so to speak, five decades else- where is now ontogenetically recapitulated in five months. It is before allelse a period of preparation, fermentation, incubation. It may be that someattempts are halting and some experiments crude ; it may be that poetic circlesare cluttered. But if the great energy liberated by the tremendous upheavalhas not yet crystallized into definite shape, high enthusiasm sustains every ef- fort, and, according to the Communists, when revolution is in full swing, he whowhines is an imbecile.And perhaps they are right! A NOTE ON THE NEW RUSSIAN THEATRE Eue Ehrenbourg. « L'Annonce faite à Marie ».Costumes by Vesnin. «L'Annonce faite à Marie ». — I. acte. The general tendency of the modern Russian theatre, as in all the other arts,is to drop the former aristocratic isolation of its appeal for one more generallyhitman. The whole of existence is now being dramatized. Not that this trendleads to a paradise for dilettanti, or to a relaxation of the essential mastery overthe subject matter. In the old folk fairs, held under an open sky, and in the oldnature plays, this principle was more evident than in the theatre of our day. Inspite of the different character and viewpoints of the various stage workers,they combine in endeavoring to condense the scenic demands. The theatreof the last period, the naturalistic, or rather the chaotic impressionistic, gave usa perfect example of what one might call " anti-theatricalism ". Therefore thepresent theatre does not develop from the theatre of yesterday, expressed by theMaeterlincks, Andreieffs, etc. but from the previous period, that of the old Span- ish, the old Shakespearean comedies, and from the Russian" Hohlenhandlung ".The present tendency is to ignore completely the intermediate period. Itseeks full tones ; not dramas and comedies, but tragedies and burlesques. Itdraws material from the better class booths at the folk fairs, and from the cir- cus. Finally, the theatre, which to the very last has sought to direct the cinemato a profounder psychological perception, must now learn the proper art of move- ment from its younger brother. But in still greater contradiction to the con- ventional stage formula stands the theatre of Meyerhold. He strives to drawthe actors and the public closer. His motto is : Away with the audience box. Thefootlights are his worst enemies, and every theatre that persists in their use,he ranks as dead.By presenting the " Mystere-Bouffes " of the futuristic writer, VladimirMajakowski, an heroic and satirical picture of our time, Meyerhold changes thewhole theatre into a stage not only placing it in the midst of the public, but per- suading the latter to take part in the performance and this notwithstanding thegeneral untheatrical nature of the Russian masses. He plans to abolish conven- tional memories, to exhibit only the faces and the masquerade and to ignore thescript of the play. He demands that the play, from the beginning, must shapeitself as it moves along. He regards the work of dramatists as mere problemswith the power of automatically unfolding as the production proceeds. There isno doubt that Hamlet, under Meyer hold's direction, would surprise Shakespeare. Another stream, from the same source, flowing in the same direction, expres- ses itself in the Moscow " Kammerspiel The director, Tiarov, endeavors,within the confines of the stage, to preserve only the absolute essence of the play.He stands in the same relation to the theatre as the cubists to the art of painting.Construction, the foundation of our time, permeates the Kammerspiel perfor- mances. He demonstrates that one can formulate movements as one buildshouses or aeroplanes. Acting used to be a chaos of different movements, diffe- rent actors moving from different impulses, through different experiences. Theforce of a unified conception pervades the Kammerspiel. 1 External action isrehabilitated. Actors are forced to learn movements from acrobats. The Kam- merspiel turns away from the former scenic decorations subservient to the pain- ter. A human actor of three dimensions demands a decoration in three dimen- sions. Instead of a painter, an architect is required to present the mathematicalformula of our present day. The accompanying pictures exhibit the Kammer- spiel decorative system.In the « Princess Brambilla » by Hoffman the carnival is not a mere sty- listic picture of any particular epoch. It is a representation of the eternal needsof mankind, irrespective of his social surroundings. The treatment as a wholeis sternly organized. Yakulov, the decorator, expresses the atmosphere ofa fairy story, at the same time avoiding conventional banalities. «I/annoncefaite a Marie », by Claudel emerges from its narrow Catholic frame and becomesa mystery of self sacrifice in love. The architect Vesnin adapted the Gothic ideafor the material of his conception, substituting fitting cubistic symbols of contem- porary art. The stage effects are monumental and dynamic in character. Thevertical building up of a scene allows great variety for the stage direction.The last play of the Kammerspiel, Romeo and Juliet, was treated like a sketch.The decorations for it were executed by Exter.It is beyond the scope of this article to give a complete survey of the Russiantheatre of today ; therefore I will not refer to the very interesting work ofthe Petrograd men such as Mardganov, Evreinov, Radiov, etc. Despite externaldifficulties, the formula of the new theatre in Russia is developing with the great- est decision and energy. Five years ago, the collapse of theatrical art waseverywhere pronounced ; now the theatre strides ahead of all other arts inRussia. Perhaps the explanation is that the Revolution itself is a social dramacausing the creative stream to flow into an organization of movements such asthe theatre of today.From the Russian. 1 Kamerny Theatre. PROTEUS Paul, Claudel,(Translated from the French by John Strong Newberry). A Satiric drama in two acts.ACT 11.Same scene as in the preceding act. When the curtain rises menei,aus isdiscovered lying on the beach, asleep, and holding in his hand the hand of Helen,veiled and seated. At the left, against the proscenium, leaning upon a rubber tippedcane, stands the satyr-major, listening to the orchestra. The orchestra plays.Bacchanale nocturne.(■pianissimo).The Satyr-major, to the orchestra.Gently, quite softly. Lower ! Lower ! Lower !If it was a question of making noise we should have no need of music.Our task is to make the silence audible. Shhh ![He beats time. The music, already faint, becomesalmost imperceptible).That's better. Sss ! Lower still! What the deuce ! It is not for tink- ers that you play.But for demi-gods whose bestial ears terminate in a point as fine as a sin- gle hairAnd you are going to awaken this brave man who has taken Troy, andthrown a seal to earth, and who is much fatigued.And even Helen perhaps. Still lower.[The orchestra plays almost in dumb show, the violinbows just brushing the strings, cymbals not touching,brasses stopped). Very good. You have understood me ! This is music as I like it.The snoring of drums, the clacking of hands, the hail of the castanets,Comes to us from the other side of the moon.The torrent of wooden shoes and bare feet that follow BacchusReaches the ear no more than the stir in the depths of the stream of cray- fish in their cuirassesAnd all these desperate criesAre no more to us than the cold archery of DianaAnd the trumpet itself when it sounds, is as faint as a whistle of glass.[Faint music).The night belongs to the gods.(The bass drum is beaten very softly).Indeed, it is too fair ! ' Tis too lovely this midst of the year.!'It is because of this that Bacchus has comeIn order to deliver the fields and deserts and the enormous folds of theearth filled to the brim with forestsWith this triumphal march, and with this irresistible tread, in the midstof cries of despair imposing delight and terror.Woe to him who, reclined on the moistened leaves at midnight,Shall see the white god mirrored, like a shining sun of milk.Woe to that stag who, amid his restless hinds, rearing an arborescent head,watches the curious army as it crosses the mountain ford, among the roll- ing stones,And already the god is there no more but precedes them, and one sees onlya fat man drunk upon his ass !One is no longer at this call entirely a manFor the man that he may leap assumes the loins of a goatyAnd the goat, to gulp the sharp handful of the vine that one holds outto him,Stands erect, and becomes a girl, her forehead decked with horns !Silence !(The music gradually ceases).Hail, Menelaus !(Silence). He sleeps ! It is not in vain he has gazed in the eyes of the god of the Sea !All is changed for him and I shall appear like the most adorable of theNymphs.Hail to you, liberator!(Menelaus opens his eyes without wakening. The Sa- tyr-Major makes horrible grimaces at him. Menelausgazes at him stupidly and imitates his grimaces. Thenwith a bound he rises and leaps to his bow, but graduallyas if overcome with astonishment he allows it to unbend).The Satyr-Major.Hail, Menelaus !Menelaus.Who is speaking to me ?The Satyr-Major.I am speaking to you, good sir.MENEIyAUS.Strange ! Was there not here just nowAnother of those wretched Satyrs that put out its tongue at me ?The Satyr-Major.There is no one here but myself, quite at your service, good sir.(Menelaus presses his hand to his forehead).What is the matter ? You seem disturbed and troubled.Menelaus.Ah, I am weary of all these devilries !The Satyr-Major, simpering.At least it is surely not I that you find alarming ?Menelaus.You suit me admirably. I like you very much. You are pretty. Ah,it does me good to see an attractive face.The Satyr-Major, with a reverence.Monseigneur !Menelaus.How becoming a long blonde curl can be to the length of the deliciousalmond of a youthful face,And what vivid color, as pure as a fresh begonia flower !Who are you ? The Satyr-Major.The serving-maid of Lord Proteus.Mknei^aus.You have a very bad master.The Satyr-Major.Naxos (most of the time)Is an isle in the midst of the sea that lies between the three Continents.And its shores receive all the derelicts of the currents and of thestorms.MENEIyAUS.You are one of these derelicts yourself ?The Satyr-Major.I was set adrift on the sea in a little boatAnd it was the old man Proteus took pity on my weakness and on myinnocence.Menelaus.How sweetly phrased that was !Listen, you are adorable !The Satyr-Major.That's all very fine, my Lord !But is'nt that your wife who is with you ?MENEIvAUS.That makes no difference. It's all the same to her. " I am Helen ! "Say the word, and I take you away ! I will give you a place in thelinen-room.But tell me first how your master has recovered from the massage thatI have administered to him.The Satyr-Major.Thanks, he is perfectly well and demands his spectacles.Menei^aus.All in good time ! Let him come and seek them.The Satyr-Major.He does not dare to face you again.MENEIvAUS.I thought I was surely going to let him go,The lion and all the rest didn't bother me at all. But the octopus wasa role that I did not expect.When I suddenly found myself in the midst of those floating tentacles Face to .face with that beak of a parroquet and that cylindrical head, likean enormons discoloured cucumber, full of a frightful wisdom,And those eyes devoid of pupils where floats a light like that of a lampbehind a bowl of waterI thought to vent my soul with disgust! Fortunately the vision didnot last.And immediately I beheld between my hands the slimy tree that yieldedpots of jamDevoured through the midst by a rosy cancer, like the teat of a cow.Faugh!The Satyr-Major, clasping his hands.You are a hero !MENEEAUS.Ah well, what is it that he's demanding now, old collector that he is ?The Satyr-Mayor.He demands his spectacles.Meneeaus, putting them on his nose.One cannot see anything with them.The Satyr-Major.Quite naturally. They were not made to see with.Meneeaus.Then?The Satyr-Major.It's the sign of his authority.The seals when they see his spectacles are struck with respect and terrorIt is thus he constrains them to hunt for him and to learn arithmetic.MENEIvAUS.Here is another invention ! It is like those ribbons he showed me !I wished to know a little of what is occurring at Argos for there are nastyrumours afloat about my relatives there.Good ! The first thing that I see is my sister-in-law, Clotilde, to whoman unknown young man paid his respects by pulling from her belly a greattwo-edged sword.The Satyr-Major.Heavens !Meneeaus.Ah well! She did not suffer at all from this familiarity. One Saw herarise and go out backwards arranging her coiffure. The Satyr-Major.Prodigy !MENEEAUS.Immediately there presented himself a man, his skull cloven in two, andClotilde — Clytemnestra, I mean — who stood beside him, holding an axe inher hand.The Satyr-Major.Great gods ! You frighten me !MENEIvAUS.The skull reglued itself and my brother Agamemnon came out from hisbath, quite unscathed and perfectly dry.And so it went on till all ended confusedly in a frightful jumble whereeverything was confounded, the sacrifice of my niece and the grill that theymade of my little cousins.It has set my eyes to aching 'If I could even be sure that I knew the people ! But everything tremblesand undulates like the faces one sees above a fire ! And in the most thrillingplaces were great white holes. For these ribbons are not first hand.The Satyr-Major.The oracles are always obscure.MENEIvAUS.In short, all these massacres that annul themselves form a symbol to mymind, and the sense is rather consoling.I conclude therefrom that all things are adjustedAs my own history proves.— Yet had I but a hundred fathoms of these ribbons, what rivalry forDelphi!— Thereafter I was exhausted and fell asleep.Holding firm in one hand the hand of that woman and in the other thespectacles.The Satyr-Major.Give them to me !Meneeaus.A moment ! Is my barque repaired ?The Satyr-Major.It is ready and awaits you.Meneeaus.Is the eye of the ship repainted ? 3 The Satyr-Major.It is repainted. It only remains to place the pupil there.Yon have one sail of linen and one of jute, fifteen oars of the upper tierand twenty eight of the lower.And a good rudder that's almost new, originally designed for the Adminis- tration of Egyptian Funeral Pomps.MENEIvAUS.I'll restore the spectacles to him when I go.The Satyr-Major.Listen then ! You can ask him for something else.Menelaus.What?The Satyr-Major.Do you not know that the famous Helen has lived for ten years in this isle.MenelvAUS, taking his bow.Fly, or I'll kill you.The Satyr-Major, in flight.Look behind you !{Enter Wiixowithe, veiled).W IlylyO WITHE.Hail, O my husband, I find you again at last!MENEivAUS, facing about.What ?WIIXOWITHE.Hail, O my husband, I find you again at last.Menei^aus.Who are 3;rou ?(WiiyiyOWiTHE throws back her veil. MenelyAUS looksat her in silence).MENEI.AUS.Look, Helen !HEi&lt;EN, unveiling indolently.Who are you, Madam ?WIIyIyOWITHE.Answer her, Menelaus. Tell her who I am. This voice, this face thatturns itself towards yours, this woman before you who welcomes you, these,do you not recognize them ? Meneeaus, in a low voice.Helen, it is Helen.Helen.There is no other Helen here but I.Meneeaus.Ah, my heart beats strangely! There are two Helens with me, thatof the past and the other that Paris restored to me.If I did not hold your hand I would say that this other is the true one.It is the voice, the form, the fg.ce.Only younger, purer perhaps.Look yourself.Heeen.I do not need to look.Meneeaus.Look, I tell you.Heeen, slowly turning her eyes towards him.This woman resembles me as I resemble Andromache.Meneeaus.Be silent! You do not understand. I remember better than you !Heeen.There is no Helen here but Helen of Troy,Who was carried away from Greece by Alexander, otherwise, Paris.As is known throughout all the world from Gades up to Colchis.And as testify those great piles of blackened bricks that one beholdsopposite Tenedos.WIEEOWtTHE.I know nothing of all this. As for me, I am Helen of Sparta.Heeen.You are nothing of the sort.Wieeowithe.Always faithful, always loving, the same.And who have no other husband than my own.Meneeaus.How is it/Madam, that you are here in this present isle of Naxos &gt;Wieeo withe.I slept.Meneeaus.You slept ? WIl/IyO WITHE.Hermes,Hermes had scourged my faceWith that bough embrued in the tide of the Lethean stream.MENEEAUS.You slept! And I through all that time, casque on head and sword in hand,I was beleaguering Troy, yonder where you were.Wieeowithe.Not I.MENEIvAUS.Not you ?WIEEO WITHE.This one, but not I !MENEIvAUS.You say well, for this one is Helen.WIEEOWITHE.Then hail to you, Helen.Meneeaus.Don't you recognize her ?WIIXO WITHE.Hail to you, Helen.Meneeaus.It's Helen I hold by the hand ?WIEEO WHITE.Who else ?Is it not my face ? Is it not my form ? Is it not my breast this indignantbreath uplifts ?What have you done while I slept, O image of myself ? And for whatdreadful use have the gods employed my sleep ?It is for me that Troy flamed heavenward while I slept, it is I who laid itflat, as if with scythes, while I was not disturbed by any dream !Is my form so puissant then that its image alone suffices for the purposeof a god ?Is my soul so puissant that it suffices to make two bodies live ?HEEEN.These are words I find it hard to bear.Wieeowithe.And now, sister Helen, O my image, Now that your task is done,Now that I am awake, and it is day,It is time for you to yield me my husband and my place.Have the goodness to vanish I beg of you.Meneeaus.Breathe upon her a little to see if she will vanishLike the vapor of water that begins to boil.WllylyO WITHE .But you, Menelaus, for what do you wait to open your arms to me afterthese ten yearsAnd that heart which is wholly mine.Meneeaus.What proof have you got that you are really Helen ?Wieeo withe.I have none, except the truth.Menelaus.I feel I know not what doubt within me.Heeen.Menelaus, I have already borne many things from you. Throughyou I have suffered much. All the same do not push me to extre- mities.And it is perfectly true that I am a woman and in your possession: not,however, so much as you think.But I protest that if you are so unfortunate as to put me to this shame andonce let go my handYou shall not lead Helen captive a second time,And neither in this life nor the nextWill you find again these fingers so long disjoined from yoursMeneeaus.I am master of all the Helens extant in the world.Wieeowithe.One alone suffices.Meneeaus.You say well ! There is only one Helen for me.Wileowithe.Only one, the same.Meneeaus.You say well, the same to me forever. WIEEO WITHE.One Helen only, she who was given you long ago.Meneeaus.I remember.WllylyO WITHE .The daughter of I,eda and Jupiter. . .Meneeaus.. . .The wife of the king of Sparta.WIEEO WITHE.. . . Jupiter who thunders in the mists. . .When the clouds like great white mountains accumulatedLittle by little increase in the pure blue vault of the skyAbove that small red temple well known to shepherds of which the pedi- ment has three columns only.Meneeaus.You remember ?Wieeo withe.There is a meadow shaded by poplars.Heeen.But there were no poplars !Meneeaus.Yes, there were ! Be silent!WIEEOWITHE.There is a meadow shaded by poplars.Meneeatjs.There were poplars, as she speaks it all comes back to me !Wielo withe.There where the rapid stream. . . Where was I ?Meneeaus.There where the rapid stream. . .Wieeo withe.How clear those waters were !Meneeaus.How clear those waters were and what a mournful noise they made amongthe rolling stones !Wieeo withe .Before they enter the immense conch of June. Mbnei,aus.Before through a thousand ditches and sluices they are distributed to allthe rich herbage.Wiixowithb.There are three oaks that were hallowed to my father.Helen.Good ! Now we have oaks it seems !Menei^aus.She is right. I remember. They are oaks.Wnxo withe.That great tree whose leaf is slowest to unfold.MENEIyAUS.In that month of June when you tell me that you loved me, on those heightsto which we had mountedI scarcely think that they had sprouted yet.Wirj.OWiTHE.Their colour is that of gold.MENEIyAUS.Not the gold of antiquity, but the young bough that beginsBefore Jupiter has endowed them withThat puissant colour of green wherein his eyes delight.WIIXO WITHE.Their colour is that of gold.MENEIyAUS.Not the colour of time that passes but of time about to begin.WllylyO WITHE.Their colour is that of gold.Menelaus.Not their colour, O well-beloved.But the hue of that great fire I had lighted just below them whose floatingradiance gilded them with light.WIIyIyOWITHE.Is it not right that one purify oneself by silence and by fasting. . .Meneeaus.Yes, it is right.WllylyO withe.. . . Is it not right that one purify oneself as for the MysteriesWhen one is about to wed the daughter of a god ? Meneeaus.When one holds in one's arms the child divine whose motionless eyes beneaththeir lashesRegard yon with indifferenceAnd like Victory you were between my arms and like the harp forthe blind.And like that young block of marble ivory-pale at the threshhold of thefatherland which the exile piously grasps with both his hands !WIEEOWITHE.Above us rose those long ribbons of walls one above the other and thatcitadel in the sky with its battlemented towers.And those long forests of oaks, all flat on the terraces, like the moss thatpushes its way between the stones.And those cascades, all silent and motionless,And this place, in advance upreared by the hand of Titans, on the mandateof my father.To be his temple with us.Meneeaus.I remember.WIIXO WITHE.And you were handsome then, Menelaus, the strongest of those of yourage and far the most skillful at games.Meneeaus.You are still the same.Wieeowithe.The same, it is you that says so, are you convinced of it ?Meneeaus.Helen : there's no other woman in the world !Wieeo withe.Tell me then, have I made you suffer much ?Meneeaus.Not to the measure of my love !Wieeo withe.Was it hard to be parted from me ?Meneeaus.My desire has never left you.Wieeo withe.Nor have I. I have not left you. Meneeaus.You have not left me ?Wileowithe.I slept in your arms.Meneeaus.Tell me one thing only, daughter of Zeus !Wieeowithe.Yes, I wish to tell you all.Meneeaus.How did I who among the chieftains of Greece was neither the first northe secondFind favor in your eyes ?Wieeowithe.Had you nothing through which to deserve it ?Meneeaus.Nothing when I look at you and when I remember myself !Wieeowithe.And who, then, would thus have held me in his arms, and would not havelet me go,These ten years, which were only a single hour of the night,While I slept.Meneeaus.The night is ended.Wieeowithe.It is ended and I am awake.Meneeaus.It is ended and I see those eyes, full of indifference, once moreregarding me.WIEEOWiTHE.For what do you wait to clasp me in your arms ?[He makes as if to go towards her).Heeen.Menelaus !Menelaus.Helen !Heeen.What are you doing ? Do you intend to lose me a second time ? WIIXO WITHE.Do not listen to what she says ! Do not give ear to that shadow wroughtin" my image by envious gods which wishes again to deceive you !HEI,EN.To deceive you ! Answer her ! Is it in dream that you suffered ?Did you take Troy, then, in a dream, and is it in dream that you led mefrom the sombre Asiatic gyneciumThat night when one saw clear though never a lamp was lit ?Is it then false, the face that you recognized in the flame of such a light ?Wiij&lt;owithe.All is a dream that is not those days of yore which have not ever ceased.HEIvEN.And say if it was also a dream, at that hour of noon, the enormous backof the sea, midway between Europe and Asia, that rose to take us like the spineof a bullAnd which, overmastering me by a single blow, with the Ravisher, in asingle day,Iyeft us on dry land there, beside a smoking beacon that quenched itselfin the dawn.Wilderwithe.All is a dream except this face, turned towards you once again, and theseeyes, full of ignorance, turned towards yours like those of the animals.HEI.EN.All is a dream except this hand, now clasped once more in yours, and thisbody once more solid between your arms.Wiixowithe.Ah, the streams of the earth in the month of June when the scattered flocksremount the difficult grass and the shepherd thrusts aside with his knee thistorrent descending towards him, this flood of life, green, pink and all ashine,full of flowers and bees and butterflies !Ah, the honey I was to your lips, and that head that all at once I droppedupon your shoulder!HEEEN.You caress, and I have struck.W ileo withe .I have won your heart.HEEEN.You have not pierced it. WILLO WITHE.Remember those nights of my youth when I slept by your side !Helen.Remember those nights when you were alone, and I in the arms of theRavisher.WILLO withe.I was faithful !Helen.Sleeping fidelity.Willowithe.Faithful nevertheless !Helen.Jewel of little worth, which was not lost, and which has not been disputed !WILLO WITHE.Always the same !Helen.And what of me, am I not always the same ? And someone else besides.W illo withe .Wife of one only !Helen.And I, was I then not your wife in the arms of the Ravisher ?When from the height of the lofty tower of TroyI saw on every side of that well-defended city,To the North, to the South, to the East and to the West,Your patience and your desire, each evening round about me,Rekindle with the hundred thousand fires of your encamping army !WILLO WITHE. •Be silent, illusion !Helen.Be silent, imposture !Menelaus.What to do ?Will o withe.Will you believe if this creation of a cunning godConfesses her fraud and declares that I am Helen ?Helen.Certainly in such a case we both should be convinced ! WIEEO WITHE.Then leave me alone with her.(MenEEAUS goes out. Silence).Naturally, it is true, I confess it. You are Helen.HEEEN.Thank you.WIEEO WITHE.Confess that I might be taken for you.Heeen.As to that Ido not know. I have not looked at you.WIEEO WITHE.Ivook at me then.HEEEN, looking at her.Menelaus must be even more mad than I had supposed he was.WIEEO WITHE.It is Proteus caused this enchantment.(Silence).It is the lord Proteus who caused this astounding enchantment.(Silence).It is he who has put illusion in the eyes of Menelaus.Are you not curious to know who the lord Proteus is ?Heeen.No.WIEEO WITHE.He is the curator of this sea, drunk and out of his mind, where hergrandfather's limbs were scattered by Medea.Of which the depths are torn by sulphurous sighsAnd the surface incessantly flogged and churned to foam by the oars offanatic expeditions,Argo, Troy,All those adventurers, with jutting nose and meagre brow, glabrous asactors, rowing with good courage !And see, that ring of foam, is it a seal that respires ?By no means, 'tis a cow.It is Jupiter who swims under the form of a beast, his horns crownedwith daisies, to amuse a little girl. HEEEN.Am I to then understandThat you look upon it as a freak of madnessThis honorable attempt, shared by the whole of Greece, to win me backagain ?WieeowitheExactly so, and quite worthy of Proteus.HEEEN.You will pardon me for not sharing your opinion,Wieeowithe .How beautiful you are, Helen, and how I adore those lustrous eyes emptiedof all expressionThat you turn slowly towards me.Heeen.Yes, it is I that am the beautiful Helen.WllylyO WITHE .Ah, it was not merely the work of Proteus !I swear that Menelaus is a dunce not to distinguish between us !Helen.It is true.W lEEO WITHE.A fool, a nincompoop.Heeen.It is true.Wieeowithe.A brute, a villain !Ah, I am sure of it. It isn't only once that he has caressed your spinewith the handle of his bow !Heeen.All men are the same.Wieeowithe.What, Paris a 150...Heeen.No. He was an agreable man who knew how to treat a woman.Wieeowithe.But he is dead, is he not ?Heeen.It is not necessary to think of it. WIEEO WITHE.Do not think of it then and thus escape that vertical crease of the forehead,which is the most difficult wrinkle to efface.One should massage it each evening with the thumb.HEEEN.With the thumb and a little purified mutton-fat.WllJ-yO WITHE.Indeed one can teach you nothing.Let me regard you again, not as mere men would do, having no knowledgeof such matters, but with the eye of a woman.Great gods ! (She sighs)Ah, gods, how beautiful you are. There is no fault nor blemish in you.Even Ariadne, who has given this isle its fame,Compared with you was only a fat Cretan.HEEEN.You would say a certain freshness ?WIEEO WITHE.Yes indeed. — But where did you find that dress ?Heeen.You do not like it ? — Yet in Troy it was the latest fashion.WiEEOWITHE.Precisely.And Troy has been cut off from the rest of the world — ten years.Heeen, with trembling voice.What can I do ? It's the fault of that horrid Menelaus.WIEEO WITHE.Such a curious green... Ah, it's many a day since I beheld it last. My grand- mother had a special weakness for it.And those great, embroidered animals, how strange ! Those Phrygian shoes,that truly Cimmerian clasp...HEEEN.It is not my fault![She bursts into tears).WIEEO WITHE.What have I done, my dear ? Do not weep ! Do not ruin those lovelyeyes !Listen! Do you know what I think ? It is you that will soon be in thefashion and I behind the times. This spoil that disperses itself in all directions...Everything, this winter, will pattern itself on Troy.Helen, tearfully.Ah, ah !WILLO WITHE.Are you not content ?Helen.Ah, you pierce me to the heart !When that brute of a Menelaus came I bade him go at once to despoil mysisters-in-law.There were fifty of them and I knew their wardrobes.We had five great galleys filled with trunks when we sailed away from Troy.All that has perished in the whirlwind !WILLOWITHE.Ah, that was a cruel blow ![She puts an arm around her).Helen, feeling of the cloth of her dress.My dear, what is this material of which your dress is made ? I have neverseen anything like it.WILLOWITHE.It is pongee from China made from the silk of the oak.Helen.And it will wash ?WILLO WITHE.The ship that brought it to us had been under the sea three weeks. It'sthe first consignment for Europe.Helen.How fortunate you are !Willowithe.And what would you say of that stuff more brilliant than silk and morefresh than linenWhich is prepared from the nettle ?Helen.You have much of it ?Willowithe.Forty bales well marked from the coast of Pharos. Ah, I lack for nothing here !Not an equinoctial storm but brings us the latest novelties. Not a house of Tyre or of Thebes HeeatomplyesThat is not well known to us.And what purple we have !As fresh as blood ! Iyook, it is the latest thing from Tyre. They call it" The Trojan Woman/' And this other is " The Helen/'You blush ? Confess that you find it flattering.HEIvEN.Ah, how lucky you are to live in so frequented a place !WIIXO WITHE.Yes, that is the merit of this little sea-port.HEI.EN.I myself am bound for Sparta.Wiixowithe.It is a most honorable city and the customs there are good.HEI,EN.Simple, but good.WIEEO WITHE.Once there, what orgies of fidelity you can indulge in with yourMenelaus.HEIyEN.The form of the hats is prescribed by civic law under penalty of death.WIIJvO withe.But Nature is beautiful there.How solemn is the noon of those long summer daysWhen amid the intermittent baying of cicadas in the light that makes allthings vanishOne hears what might be the noise of a god putting an edge on his sword.And how the Taygetus, in the evening after the storm, roasts, as it streamsbefore the sun,Like the spitted quarter of an ox before an enormous bonfire.HEI,EN.The best thing to do at Sparta is to sleep. I detest the country.Wiixowithe.The women are beautiful there.Hei^EN.They make bread, tend the cows and dance like beasts.WilylyO WITHE .The men are good companions. Helen.They only permit me to converse with fathers of families, upwards of forty,and I am only summoned when the dessert is served.Then we crack nuts together and train ourselves to speak laconically.WlLLOwithe.Poor Helen, ah, how you are going to suffer, you whose experiences havebeen so interesting!Helen.I prefer not to think of that.Willo withe." Where is that famous Helen? " they'll say. 'She is at Sparta now embroidering saltpouches for the shepherdsIt is she with her women who prepares those local biscuits of such renownThat one breaks with a bar of lead discovering inside black mummies ofdried raisins.Helen.With you, too, life must be extremely monotonous.Willo withe.My dear, what a curious notion ! everything passes here. It's the centreof three worlds.Without speaking of that sky above which constitutes a fourth.Not a day that one does not see a god descend. Ah, I know your fatherextremely well!Not a hero who does not stop to pay us a visit.Nothing falls into the sea of which I am not offered the best.Helen.Ah well, you are fortunate !WILLO WITHE.No. I'm a woman of the hearth.Tranquil, modest.A simple life and all of a piece that is what I desire.Ah, this would be a position for you !Helen.Do not tempt me.WILLO WITHE.Helen of Naxos after Helen of Troy. Helen-of-the-midst-of-the-seas !They would arm from all the ports of the world to come to look at you.As they go to Delos towards the altar of Apollo and of ! 4 HEEEN.And if Menelaus comes to take me ?Wieeowithe.Entrust yourself to me. Entrust yourself to lord Proteus.HEEEN.Who is Proteus ?Wieeowithe.The richest of all the demi-gods.He has the contract for all the sea even as far as Tarentum. Speak tome of your Priam !Heeen.And as to his person ?WIEEO WITHE.You will make of it what you wish.He's an oddity who in place of the usual two legs prefers a great fish's tail.He's as inoffensive as a legless cripple.HEEEN.Truly, things are not a little dead at Naxos ?Wieeowithe.Dead? The sea is like a great journal where everything that happens isrecorded.And if Naxos bores you hereThere is nothing to hinder your putting it somewhere else.The rock is light and floats like a sponge cake and like the beaten white of eggAnd if you wish to depart, you are free as air.Come, your career is not over. There is more than one Troy in the world.Heeen.That bracelet on your left arm, of what is it made ?WIEEOWITHE.Of a marvellous and priceless substance known as Celluloid.Heeen.One would say ivory but a hundred times more beautiful!How have they given it that rosy hue ? It seems a ribbon of silk and one cansee the buckle and the three holes for the tongue, all copied with marvellous art.Ah, what exquisite taste !Wieeowithe.I make you a present of it.[She gives it to her). HEIvEN.And you say that there are still three pieces of that pongee ?WIIXO WITHE.Three pieces. I plan to take them with me.HEI^EN.Helen— pardon, my dear, I don't know what to call you... Leave them for me.WItI^OWITHE.It will be a great sacrifice.HEIvEN.And how do you fasten your waist ?WIIXO WITHE •Behind, naturally.HEIVEN.Behind ! By the Good Goddess ! A waist that fastens behind !WIIXO WITHE.Do you see these buttons ? One has only to press upon them, and clac !HEI&lt;EN.How ingenious ! Let me try myself. Clic I pull. Clac I press. Clic,clac, clic, clac !WIIXO WITHE.Snaps they are called.HEI^EN.How lucky you are ! I blush for my Scythian clasps.WIIXO WITHE.It was a traveller from Jerusalem, head downwards who brought them tous the other day, on his way to the bottom of the sea.We have three boxes of them.HEi,EN.Helen, my little Helen !WllXO"withe.Well, Helen ?HEIvEN.Let me have these buttons !Wiixowithe.And you will stay at Naxos ?HEI.EN.I consent. WIIXOWITHE.Thank you, Helen.HEEEN.Helen, farewell.WIIXO WITHE.Farewell.(Heeen goes out — Pause — Meneeaus re-enters).Meneeaus.Helen, where is that other Helen who came to disquiet me ?W IlylyO WITHE.There is only one Helen, always faithful to you.The other has melted away like a dream.[Music played by the orchestra expressing the sol- itude of the sea).MENEIvAUS.I believe you. For me alone you will be the Helen I have loved. The same,always faithful.W IlylyO WITHE .The other has melted away like a dream.MENEEAUS.But, great gods ! Don't let anyone else find out!WIEEOWITHE.Don't let anyone else find out ?MENEEAUS.We must see to it that everyone believes you to be that Helen whom theRavisher bore away.Wiixowitke.Why?Meneeaus.My honour is concerned.What glory would be mine ? What would be said by the mothers of allthose brave young men who fell on the banks of the Scanmnder ?[The ship approaches. It is manned by Satyrs whopush it with their oars. And for greater convenience itis mounted upon rollers). Mbnei^aus.And who are these lovely nymphs with fair white arms guiding our ship?Wiixowithe.The maids who slept with me.It is from these our mariners shall be drawn.The favorable Auster breathes and with day we shall behold the whiteningshores of Greece.[They lower a plank for embarking).Menei^aus.Mount, Helen.WI3XO WITHE •But, tell me, did you not promise that NymphWillo withe and her Satyrs, too, that you would take them away with you ?Menei,aus.It is true, I swore to do it, but the boat isn't large enough.Wiixo withe.Oaths ought to be kept.Menei,aus.I swore by Zeus, my father-in-law, you know.That is of no importance. When it's all in the family one does not scan tooclosely.But there is one last rite I must accomplish.(They bring him a pot of paint and with the tip ofthe brush he paints the pupil in the centre of the ship'seye).Stay open, vigilant eye. Day and night, evening and dawn,Towards the fires, towards the stars, towards the marks of the sea,Guide us, great, patient eye of the laden ship that contains us,Submerged to the shoulders in the sinewy breast of those seas that arefurrowed by our prow.(Both mount om board. The plank is drawn up)Chorus of satyrs hoisting the sail.He - hho !He - hhe - he - hhe - he hho !He hho !He hho !He hho! Meneeaus.We do not stir.The Satyr-Major, at the tiller.We are grounded on the sand !HEEEN.Menelaus, give Proteus his spectacles.MENEIvAUS.Never. What I have taken by force only foice shall make me yield.The Satyr-Major.Dig a hollow with your oars.(They dig around the ship without effect).MENEIvAUS.Help me, Jupiter !(Clap of thunder. Iris all bedecked with plaquesof gold and little bells, in a costume that reminds one strong- ly of that worn by Siamese dancers, falls from heaven atthe end of a cord. She attaches the hook from which sheis suspended to the corresponding hook of the isle, and thewhole, whirling precariously, mounts to heaven amid ge- neral admiration. The isley in rising, reveals Proteusseated on a chair, a prey to profound dejection.The ship is left solitary in the midst of a vast expanseof linoleum).WIELO WITHE.Miracle !Meneeaus.Thanks, Jupiter !The Satyr-Major.The sea is free !Other Satyrs.Free ! Free ! Free ! Free !Meneeaus, going to the prow.Bear to starboard, five points.The Satyr-Major.Bear to starboard, five points.The Satyrs.We move ! We move ! We're off! We're off ! Meneeaus.The breeze is not strong enough. All the oars in the sea !The Satyr-Major.All the oars in the sea ! {whistle).Attention !Pull!One, two ! One, two !The Satyrs, singing at the top of their voices.Marguerite, she is ill' alas,She must have the doctor comeMarguerite, she is ill, ill, ill,She must have, have, have, she must have, have, have,She must have the doctor come.MENEIvAUS.0 Nymphs, what celestial voices ! What delicious melody !The Satyr-Major.Back water, my children !The Satyrs, as before.The doctor who visits herForbids her any wine.Doctor, go to the devilIf you forbid me wine.1 have drunk it all my lifeAnd drink to the end shall I.X,et them lay me if I dieIn the vault where they keep the wine.My feet against the wallAnd my mouth beneath the bung.If by chance some drops should fallMy gullet they'll appease,And if the cask should burstI would drink it at my ease.(Meneeaus raises his hand).The Satyr-Major.Pull in the oars !Where are we going, my children.A Satyr.To France. Another.To Bordeaux.The Satyr-Major.To Burgundy ! When once we have freed ourselves from yonder imbecile.Hear the wind that snores in the sail. It is Bacchus himself that calls usand offers us a sign !Chorus of Satyrs.To Burgundy ! To Burgundy ! Hurray for the Burgundian wine \The Satyr-Major.Come to plant the vine of Beaune !Menei.aus.Bear to starboard, two points !The Satyr-Major.Bear to starboard, two points.A Satyr.I shall not stop before Chalons !Another.I have a thirst that would drain the sea !The Satyr-Major.My children, what is the finest wine ?The Chorus.It is that of the coast that lies between Beaune and Dijon,The Satyr-Major.My children, what is the finest soil, the blackest, the richest, the bestmanured.MENEIvAUS.The breeze is dropping.The Satyr-Major.Whistle for the breeze.(They whistle).The Chorus.A soil that is dry and clotted, like curdled milk, and full of little chalkypebbles,Which retain the warmth like bricks,That the heavy and dormant grape on two sides may be cooked.The Satyr-Major.What is the finest soil, my children ? The Chorus.A meagre soil, with protruding bones,Like the cows that are good milkers, whereof the bones of the haunchprotrudeMbnbi,aus.The wind slackens.Chorus of surging about the prow.Flouc ! flouc !The isle of Naxos has been upraised to heaven. That's a good thingfor seals.Flouc ! flouc !One less ! The fewer isles there are the better fare the seals. Hurrah !Flouc ! flouc !Old Proteus has lost his spectacles, hurrah! We shall have no more cube- roots to extract, hurrah !Flouc ! flouc !The sea is free ! The sea is free ! It is free and we are in it!Do you feel it quake and tremble ? Do you feel this stroke of the loinsthat sends us hurtling eight feet into the air !Hurrah ! Hurrah !What a bound ! What a release !It is free and we are in it! It is infinite and we are in it! There is morehere to drink than a cup of wine ! Youp, youp, youp, hurrah ! Youp, youp,youp, hurrah !(The ship disappears followed by the seals).Proteus, alone in the middle of the stage.And you find this reasonable ?What madness in all of this ! What derision of serious things 1 What astupid farce !Here is Jupiter has need of his Helen to change her to a star.And it is true that there is a void in heaven that has a bad appearancebetween the stars of the Dioscurides.Does he think of my sacred property rights for so much as a single moment ?Does he even take the trouble to apprehend that wanton in the midstof my little garden where nevertheless she is plainly visible ?Not at all. Iyike an inattentive maid, like a careless swallow who, for afly sweeps away the whole of a spider's web,Iris being at hand, he mentions Helen's name, and it is my whole estatethat she carries up to heaven. It is in heaven now, my sweet little isle of Naxos, with all of its collectionsand its six tobacco plants.Go there to look for it !It is in heaven and waves of azure sky whiten against its reefs.As for me, here I am alone, ruined, deprived of my spectacles.It is well. I depart. I quit the surface. They shall not see me more.I plunge, nunc est bibendum!I shall make my retreat in the story below, in a more tranquil world,I shall live in a splendid palace, all made of bubbles of air, in the midst of corals,sponges, and sea-anemones !Goodbye, Menelaus, fair breeze, good voyage to you, navigator!It is for this he has taken Troy !To disembark on the Laconian shore this snub-nosed goat, this full cargoof horned beasts !Where's the good sense in all this ? I put it to you. Where's the justice ?Where's the good order and the good temperament ?And to think that this will always be so as long as the world is governedby poets ! Ah, it's not nearly ended yet.What misfortune ! What misfortune !(He dives).Curtain and Bnd. HELIOGRAPHS Bayard Boyesen. For Good and Evil the aspirant to wisdom substitutes Essential and Un- essential. This is the first step ; and the second is the realization that nothingis unessential.He who looks to the future for anything thereby points to the inadequacyof his present; and therefore he would better look to his present in order thatit may be repaired and fulfilled.Few men are wise, for few are capable of becoming what they are.He who has become wise finds himself stripped of all the virtues withoutwishing or being able to do an unvirtuous act.The sage neither seeks nor rejects ; he is content to hold himself so thatthings may accrue or slough off according to his and their present needs.The chief effort of religions is to force men up to a moral code. The chiefeffort of wisdom is to take them beyond the need of moral codes.Humanity constructs a personal God in order that it may praise itselfwithout being conscious of conceit.It is not the return to life that makes convalescence beautiful, but thetouch of death's reality still lingering as we come back.Love youth whole-heartedly and thus help it to unfold, or smite it mostdrastically and thus force it to battle. But do not steal its confidence in orderto betray it with the teachings of expediency.One of the chief reasons why boyhood is so often beautiful is that it hasnot yet learned to dissimulate the expression of the eyes. ISHIJIMA PAUl Eldridge Ishijitna's poems were sung and recited by all the lovers in the Empire. Heexpressed in golden words the pain and the joy and the trickery of the greatPassion. Everybody said, — " Many must be the poet's love affairs ! " Mensaid it with a pang of jealousy, women with a sudden yearning to be embracedby him. But Ishijima was very lonesome and he had never known love. Outof his dreams and his desires he fashioned his poems.At last, however, Ishijima met the woman, who seemed to him more beautifulthan his dreams, and he married her. And people said, — " Now he will writepoems about his beautiful wife. " Men said it with a sigh of relief ; womenwith a pang of jealousy.Ishijima loved his wife and was loved by her, and their love was greaterand more beautiful than his dreams.Ishijima could not write any more. His brush traced languidly meaninglesscharacters upon the gorgeous silk. What was there to write ? He had neitherdreams nor desires, save the lips of his wife, and the lips of his wife were moredelightful than any words in any language. Therefore he did not write.And people gossiped. — " Ishijima does not write any more. He doesnot love his wife. Therefore he does not write. " Men said it mockingly ;women with infinite compassion.Ishijima thought: " Happiness is the death of poetry And he mournedthe loss of his art, and yearned for his former illusions and pains.In his despair, Ishijima pondered and ruminated : " The death of love isthe resurrection of art, " — and he took the soft throat of his wife betweenhis fingers, and pressed, until her little body, finer than a carven statuette, laystill and pathetic upon the soft couch, covered with glistening silk on which wereembroidered the greatest poems of Ishijima.But Ishijima could not write. The meaning of words had vanished likecolored flames which are extinguished by an evil wind. He sat on his threshold,and drew long parallel lines with his dry brush.The people talked. And some said, — " Because of a mere woman, thegreat poet will never write again. " Others : " His hatred for her robbed him of his reason. "Others : " Her cruel ghost has stolen his words. "Others : " She was unfaithful, and her lips had become sour to him.There- fore he killed her. "Others : " Without constant love poets cannot write. "One thought, but never said aloud : " Love is the death of poetry. He lov- ed her too much. Therefore he strangled her. He loves her still more now.How then, shall he think of words ? It is best he draws parallel lines with hisdry brush, — for who knows what he would say if his brush were wet, and heremembered the meaning of words ? " THE OFFERING OF PLEBS Jean de Bosschère. Jean DE Yon have not seen that I am the poor man. Jean de Institutrice esthète. You have betrayed me, Weak and Cold OneWhom Plebs bestowed on me.Hearing my cries in the nightYou have brought me onion soups,Art of frying, red and then soft,Cabbages and energetic dishes.And the bread of flowers become stale,Yet the bread matured in the kneading trough," What ? the humble arts, the mud of floor,The bread, the poor man's insipid walnut ? "You have not seen that I am the poor manAnd not the dealer who,With buttocks breached with dead flesh,Has a mind well arranged in order,In the boxes of a chessboard at rest,With the symmetry of a shop enjoying good custom.You have not seen that I am the poor man,And you have tried to ret me on the bank of the daysWith tangible provisions.I wished only for bread,But, in him,The companion of mornings,Evenings and nights,You did not care to recognize a man,But a woman's husband,A function of man.I was in the night, Wise and Logical One, Discharged companion, delegate of Plebs,And you walked with meAs you loiter in broad day.You have betrayed me without seeing me.You have not known the prayer in the name of bread.And then, at the end, Mortal .One,You have parted from me,You have allowed me to raise my plaints of bitterness,Like vices of prisons and ships.You have taken my pink staff away from me.You have not perceived the man's misery at all.I am a poor man,And you have poured out animal drugs for me.You have anointed me with oils that benefit,Dogs in the laps of women.You have not known the prayer in the name of bread.The poet, here,Is the unknown master.He rebuilds with his handsThe ruined houses.He consecrates those which remain,Then he defends himself as best he can.And against him you have a single weapon,One infallible lawT,The smile, my wise and weak, indifferent friend,The innocence which is not satisfaction,The smile which is not altruism,Nor ferocity, nor cowardice,But the truce,The door ajar,God's part in the grey egg.You have betrayed me,listening to my troubles, 5 Of which you made a long synoptic table,And then you brought to meThe lustral and medicinal jacket,The Straps of ordinary commonsense,The Clothes of " searches for UtopiaThe Roast beef for heavy buttocks,The bouillabaisse of happiness,The jacket which carriesThe seal of the camp commander,And that of pathology.Now, your gown was too tight,But still too large and too long.When you had thrust him in this gown,For the madman's friend finds everywhereAccomplices with praises,For the poet's friend possesses a straight jacketWhich is invisible and hard.The friend finds assent from the fat,From the poised, from the good, from the nagels even,Whenever they stuffed him in this jacket,They would lose him.He was very tiny under the violent leather,And no part of neither straps nor cloth, touched him at all.Perhaps he was outside,Or perhaps inside.For my part, X know that I was resisted.So sometimes a lean fleshPasses through the meshes.Before choosing another dear companion,He summoned a minister, in consultation,With a doctor and his syringes,And with an aesthetic governessThese heroes made fumigations,And then incantations of exorcism.The poet coughs, sneezes, and runs away.The wise man, the scientific comrade, cries :" You see him, he lied, He concealed himself in the lustral gown ! "And the poet thinks :There were neither gown nor laws. "■ You have not known the prayer in the name of bread.But the poet's friend does not laugh.There is a wrinkle on his forehead, erect, in altar smoke,Which is the line between have and due.The straight jacket is concealed in the cupboard.He is the poet's guardian." This man bites, " he says " at his shadow.He runs and leaps not like a man. "He is the poet's guardian.He will answer for him before the tribe.He measures his thoughts and leaps,But not his onion soup,Nor the four nails of his reason.He is stupid !The poet does not know if weight has gripped his feet.He carries a cane if it rains.He refuses to warm himself.He commits crime for crime's sake.They know it. They have said so.But he, the friend,The angel of the house,The lion tamer and bear-trainer,He, who has charmed the serpent,Understands all men.He defends them againstThis furious dog who bites and is ferocious.I am alone, ferocious !You have betrayed me.You have not known the prayer in the name of bread.You have not known that I am the poor man,The baggage of whose wild days' journeys Is not a knapsack with the fleas of reason,Nor a branch of the tree of knowledge.But who draws its last fragranceFrom a smile;Whose pilgrim's viaticumIs a smileIn the lasting shadow. FOX-TROT. — " WHEN SOLOMON MET THE QUEENOF SHEBA " osbert sitwell The Navy at Ezion-Geba,Gazed across the water amazed.When Solomon met the Queen of ShebaThe lions in the desert were dazedWith wonder at her striped pavilionThat blazed like a bright parhelion,They roared their admirationAt this strange coruscationTill the satyrs took their tawny children trampling through the sand,To march with the procession, to march with the band.The flaming phoenix flew with its feathers to fanThe Queen at the head of her caravan ;But the phoenix, though famously fabulous,Was jealous, envious and emulousFor the Queen of Sheba had a retinueStrictly in keeping with her revenue —vSix thousand camels and camelopards,Ten thousand and ninety nigger bodyguards,The camelopards, proud-necked and tall,Would scarcely notice the Queen at all,But holding their heads as high as cedarsBooked down upon a hundred dwarf, harnessed zebras,Whose stripes were arranged with such successThat the Queen could play a game of Chess When travelling. The camels kneel,Offer their humps for the Queen to feel,Nodding arched necks and plumes of ostrich featherDyed like her bright Abyssinian weather,The ten thousand niggers beat on gourds and golden gongs,Slashing the air with their piebald songs. Thus the Queen met the King in Jerusalem,And he seemed wiser than Methusalem ;With a great black beard, and a nose like a scythe,He lived in the palace and subsisted on a tithe.He gave the Queen of Sheba a welcomeProportionate to her income.But this amazing AmazonWas loveable, generous and free.She brought a gift to Solomon of cinnamonWith an almug and nutmeg tree.These he placed before his palaceFor the pleased admiration of the populaceEach sweet-smelling branch bore a budding bell of gold(Oh ! the blood of the Israelites ran cold)When evening-wind blurred the hills with blueThe swinging and the singing of the bells sang true.These, by some magic stratagem,Played the Sheban National Anthem.And the thrill of each bell was like an Abyssinian bird,Or the golden voice of the Queen. For each wordShe spoke, trembled, sparkled in the air,Then spread its wings, and flew from her.But the Queen of Sheba went with SolomonTo his country-house at Lebanon,Where she brought him gifts of hot-house grapes,Of ivory, of ebony, of elephants and apes,Of peacocks and pearls, and a hundred pigmy slaves, Born orange-coloured with hair that, waves;And each of them wore a turbanPicked out with the plumes of a pelican.But of all her gifts, by far the rarest,Brought from the terrible central forest,With a vein of gold in its ivory horn,Was a love-lorn, milk-white unicorn.But the King, though sweet as honey,Had an eye for the value of money.So he only gave her a heraldic lionEmbossed with the arms (and nose) of Zion.Though the Queen of Sheba loved SolomonShe was not happy at Lebanon.It was not the women of the Edomites,The Zidonians, the Moabites, the Hittites or the Ammonites ;She even listened to his proverbs. She put up with very many wrongs,But in secretly reading his note-book, she found Solomon's Song of Songs,She knew it at once — it was poetry. And she left the palace that day.But Solomon knew not where she went to, or why she had roamed away.But every evening in JerusalemThe almug and the nutmeg treesFlaunt the Sheban National AnthemIyike a banner on the spice-laden breeze(And oh ! each golden bell seems a turtle-dove that cooedWithin the moonlit shadow of the Abyssinian wood). But we wonder what she looked like, this fascinating phantasmagoria—Atalanta, Gioconda, Semiramis — or the late Queen Victoria ? THE COCKERED Allardyce Cromartie. Josef Capek. The Man with a Wounded Hand.Czecko—Slovak Painting. Josef Capek. The Drinker.Czecko—Slovak Painting. Flaming Oriental sultan among fowl, strutting in truculent obliviousnessof the monogamous restraint of our chaster breeds, there is no more singular de- fiance of the Occident than you. Migrator from the tropic east, not all thefrozen winters of our northern climes have served to cool the burning ardourof your impetuous desire. Contemptuous of the customs of your adopted land,you claim the profligate excesses of a harem, outvying all the sultans in pro- miscuity and glory.Ruling your clucking mistresses with a vain dignit}7 that is not quite ridi- culous until you feel the quickening urge to subdue an unwilling and protestinghen : then with foolish laughter-lifting, fluttering sidesteps and plunging rushesyou race and ruffle up your feathers until you have conquered her throughweariness, and as she rises from your taloned caresses, fluffing out her feathers, youstrut away indifferent but dignified again, and make pretence of pecking grain.And now, in all the shining wonder of your burnished breast and plumedtail, with crested head raised proudly as a king's upon his throne, you mountyour favourite steaming dunghill to peal your challenge forth upon the glitter- ing air, and listen with eye-cocked intentness for the answers from adjacentfarms. . .Solomon never sat astride a refuse heap, nor kingfisher perched upon a rot- ten fish, yet you. . .You are a vulgarian in masquerade of kingliness, degrader of a lovelinessyou are too dull to cherish, treading hens and dung with equal gusto. You shouldtread daintily, and mount the rooftree for your crowing.Perhaps the foul dung smells less offensively for your unconscious patron- age ; maybe the sluttish ugliness that environs you is brightened by the sheenof your breast and the graceful curving beauty of your tail. DEDICATED TO THE ENEMY Gordon Craig. Drama deals with the passions.In England dramatists and actors seem to be out to please a public — acertain public, not the People — who have a certain terror lest a scrap of realpassion peep out at them.Dramatists and actor succeed in pleasing and become mild in doing so.. .tame mildness is not serenity.It is very difficult for them to get themselves mild enough — and that theysucceed in substituting sentimentality for real sentiment, for passion — for nearlyeverything — shows what awfully clever men they are. It takes them aboutfifteen years apiece to rid themselves of the instinct to think about things likeShakespeare or Moliere. It is a very great achievement indeed, and the operationthey perform on themselves must be as painful as it is dangerous.Shakespeare, whose plays are all passion, and who was once consideredby us all to be a dramatist of some account, is nowadays held by this particularpublic to be either pompous, gross, dull, or vague. His grand Ghosts, AutocraticKings, his splendid Aristocrats, and those very weak beings of his called the Heroes,are all considered a bore. And Romeo, the hero of all lovers, is only tolerableto-day if he can reassure the spectators by his drawl, by his inaccurate pronuncia- tion of our English, and by a west-end bearing that his position in Piccadilly isall right, and that he is one of us. . . top hole. . .In short, to-day the spectator in the Theatre dominates the work of art,making it what it is — (a thing we were long ago warned against,) — and thedramatist and the actor — all three shiver to say Bo to the Public and daren't.Juliet or Ophelia to-day can just avoid our censure if she can cry well, lispingand panting the while as one who babbles on of love — flapper-like.So the actor drops the Dramatic — Mr. Stoll opens one more Colosseum —runs it magnificently as usual, and makes it possible for the personality ofMr. Wilkie Bard to charm thousands. There must be always room for such asMr. Bard — there always has been room. But a place in the sun for Shakespeare too. . . would that be asking toomuch ? ... or cannot England run to it ?. . .Now someone in England who might honour Shakespeare for England'ssake — not for sentimental reasons, for mighty serious ones — this someonedoesn't. Who is the boss, as the workmen call the governor, the chief. . . whois he ? Is it our Prime Minister, is it another, is it a third ?—or do all thesethree plus a few more make up the total ? I don't care who it is, but theboss is not playing the game. The dramatists and actors would like to, butunless they see the boss doing it they never will.Now suppose (as I suppose 'tis true) that the two Houses — the Lords andCommons — stand for what is called the boss. I don't imply some bogey whostruts and frets, but a fine old figure who spite of his tantrums and errors and all,does really stand as head of our family — the English Family. If it be the twoHouses, then it is within the power of the two Houses to unite without one dissentingvoice in this little matter of the Theatre.This would be playing the game, and nothing else is.To go into this matter is a proper thing to do in 1922. There is no reasonwhy this one branch of Public Service should-be allowed to go to ruin, becausethere is a little uncertainty as to who's who in the world of the English Theatre.Everyone is Who. Everyone of our Dramatists, Actors, and Stage-managers ;everyone of the profession and of the trade.BUT — (and here is where cheating begins as soon as the ball is startedrolling) every one in his right place, not in some one else's place.There are the Dramatists, Shaw, Pinero, Jones.There are the Stage-managers, Poel, Barker, and Myself.There are the Actors, Martin Harvey, Matheson Lang, Henry Ainley.There are the Designers, Wilkinson, Fraser, Rutherston.I select only four branches of the service and name only three men toeach branch because one can't make interminable lists.Now I have not put down any list of actor-managers — for to put things,and each man, in his right place one must not include those men who are every- thing and nothing.For example, in my opinion (and I hope my old friend will not disagree),Martin Harvey is essentially an actor, and one of our very best: and it is a lossto England and to the English Theatre that he is unable to confine himself solelyto the development of his considerable talent instead of stage-managing, produ- cing, and designing, three branches of the stage-manager's craft and three bran- ches which he does indifferently well.The same thing applies to Ainley and to Matheson Lang.In short, to put all in place once more in the English Theatre the first thing to be done (I repeat what I have said in my other books and must do so till itis accomplished) is to find your stage-managers, for it is the stage-manager whois the boss in the theatre. One for each Theatre has to be found, and, whenfound, empowered.And there is no better way of honouring an artist than by empowering himto do his work.And in doing this the two Houses would be playing the game again so faras our Dramatic Art is concerned.Till this is done all the fine reasons which can be found to excuse all actionis but a begging of the question.But what can we do ? " Up go the brows, and worry is once more ather silly work.What you can do is this. . . Make it clear to the People that the Stage, Shake- speare, our modern Dramatists, Actors and all, are worthy of the support andfriendship of England.But how can we do this ?How do you do it when you wish to make it plain that I,ord Northcliffe andhis journals are worthy of England, etc. ? How do you make it plain to thePeople that our British Navy is a National Institution worth honouring ? Certain- ly not by cheapening Lord Nelson — yet you cheapen Shakespeare. — " When ?— How ? " — I leave it to you to remember when and how ; . . . not so far back,either,. v . not long ago.You honour the English Theatre, the British Theatre, by first honouringits most trusted Guides. Not its actors,... the Public honours them evervnight.Not its tradesmen,. . . they get paid well, and will always prosper, we hope. Notits Societies, " " Leagues " and its little beginners down at Bard-on-Avon,good though all these may be IN their place : but look more carefully — morecuriously and select your men with greater care. Search for twenty stage-man- agers, and if you fail to find them call some of us to help you. Do not allow it tobe said once more Search was Made all ovey England foy a Company which couldbe putin the field which should beay comparison with that of Pyofessoy Reinhardtand could not be found "... don't allow that to be stated by an authority asit was stated, for it's not playing the game — it is defrauding the English People —it is mightily worthy of mugs.While this whole Book dedicates itself to the enemy, the Foreword I dedi- cate to my friends.And if my critics are friends to the whole content of The Theatre, then mycritics must be among my friends.Yet even good friends possibly can sometimes misrepresent us. — And it is to suggest that there might be a little less misrepresentation going on inEngland about members of what is known all over the world as the New Move- ment in the Theatre. . . that Movement which represents all that is best in theTheatre of today. . . that I write this.I happen to be one of these members ; and in misrepresenting my aims —by stating that my sole thought is for Sceneries, you, my critics not only misre- present me but the whole Theatrical Movement. Doing this you run the chanceof doing a good deal of harm to the English Theatre and misleading the youngermen who are so full of promise and whose work deserves better than that ofyou. To annoy good fellows who do good work and show loyaity to the bestideals of work, art and comradeship in work, is not the best way to serve theEnglish Theatre, nor is it your conscious wish to act so. — If you ever do soyou do so unconsciously I am sure.You fancy — owing to the simple fact that you have not the time to studymy work nor learn my reasons for not competing with the commercial theatresor the " artistic theatres, " — and because you have not the faintest notionof how much I have gladly sacrificed in the last fifteen years to set an exampleto my followers — you fancy that you ought not to study my work oughtnot to learn why I act as I do . . and more than this you fancy that you oughtnot to study carefully what the great masters of the different crafts have doneand written in the Past.Now I suggest that unless you do this and unless you make yourselves under- stand what it is I have done and still continue to do, and what they have done andsaid, you will be acting in a manner unworthy of every fine tradition of journalismand every English tradition.That it is not entirely your fault is obvious.The life of the dramatic critic of to-day is no easy job. — To have to writeabout the stuff which the Commercial spirit of any Theatrical Manager putsbefore you must be nauseating \ to have to awctkcu an interest where none yetexists must be a little wearisome at times, more especially when it is obviousthat a living interest in such things is as natural as eating and drinking. Butyour power is very great — and your trust a very fine one, and were I not apractitioner in the Art and I can imagine no greater happiness than to be solely astudent of past present conditions. . . a rabid student for facts and dates. But Ifind that English critics do not reveal a knowledge of the facts and dates beyondknowing what has occurred in the English branch of the stage crafts.In America it's as difficult and as unpleasing a job to-day as in England,but I really don't think it is too difficult if only some one would begin.In fact I know of only one critic in America who has real discernment andpluck, but then he has studied and knows more than the rest. He enjoys the old rubbish of the Playhouse (I think we all do) just as he appreciates the old master- pieces — but he doesn't get muddled as to which is which, praising the rubbishand carping at the masters. He discerns — and is not that the first duty ofthe critic ?Don't you think it would be delightful to have read Riccoboni's works,besides knowing his name and his worth ; to have heard of a man called Galiwho lived in Bibiena and had eight remarkable theatrical sons and grandsons ;to have read d'Ancona, dipped into Sabbattini and Serlio, and know our friendsJacob, Olivier, Dorpfeld, Jullien, Chambers, Giorgi, Bartoli, Scherillo, Rigal,Bapst, Lecomte, Semper, nd Dumont, as well as our old friends whom we knowwell enough, Collier, Cibber, and the rest.Conceive the happiness of the Editors who could count on scholarly critics,men never tired of indulging their taste for learning ; who could count on humancritics, — men never too tired to have the ancient and best joy of helping youngmen on by being a little blind to their faults, while all the time encouragingthem with information as to past failures and how success was won or snatchedfrom such failures. The pride the younger men would have in you, the friend- ship they would hold for you would be surely something worth all the labour andthe sacrifice... for I suppose it would entail some sacrifice.It would also entail having no fear.And after all there should be nothing so very alarming about an Editor.What can he do ? If lam a Dramatic Critic he can but give me the sack. IfI get the sack once I try again: — if twice, I reconsider all things ; — if thrice,I publish what I want to say as I want to say it in a journal of my own . . . butI do not give into ignorance, although its stomach may measure sixty-two inchesand be the highest and mightiest tool in the land, the tool of ambitious vulgar- ities who must paddle their own canoes just because their husbands run theirown steamboats.Reading over some of the five or six thousand criticisms on my productions— I have made thirteen in all; —of my books — four or five have appeared;of my twenty-six exhibitions of designs and of other activities — I come uponthe very last criticism of all dated July 4th 1920. It appeared in the " Observer, "it was not signed. I will not quote, it, but I give the date so that anyonecurious to make a note of its contents may do so.It is one of those typically hopeless pieces of criticism. I mean it showsthat the writer had not taken the trouble of learning his business . . or hadlearnt it once and forgotten it.It is the first business of a critic to know what an artist has done — to beinformed. Then he runs no danger of misinforming others. Now in our Theatre of Europe as it advances, critics must have a chance toadvance with us.Our English critics may be badly informed . . . and when we realize thatthis is seldom their own fault it seems a little too bad. It is bad for thePublic, who get misinformed, bad for Journalism, wich becomes incorrect. . .bad for the Arts, bad for progress.To sum up, it is just a little silly because quite easily put to rights.In Politics, in Commerce, in all the other fields of endeavour I'm sure I knownot at all whether to be exact is of value or valueless. It might do a lot of harmI (as an outsider) suppose for the true facts of a Political case to be recorded.I suppose it might be in some cases even more truthful to lie, . . . let mesuppose.In the Arts — in our Theatre Art — it is not so. About this I do not sup- pose — I know. Yet it seems to me that the critic journalist brings to histask all the doubts and fears as to what is best to tell the Public about our Artsas does his brother in the Political field.I make a plea that in the matter of the Arts critics be left free — that theonly order they receive from their Editors is, " Be well informed — and exact."No harm can be done — much good would come.But something more would have to be done to aid the Dramatic Criticthan to give him an order. He needs to be as versatile in his own way as a stage- manager — such a stage-manager as I have drawn in my book published byHeinemann. 1For example, since Drama and Theatre are a composite art he should knowwhat it is that a Dramatist or a Stage-manager is about when he writes a playlike " The Tempest, " or produces one like " The Miracle, " and whether in theHistory of the Theatre any such attempts were ever made before — or not.He should be able to visit the Dowdeswell Galleries and speak with realunderstanding and illumination of the designs shown there by Bakst, Wilkinson,or Rutherston. He should be able to pass from there to the models by C. LovatFraser and understand what is in them. Then on to the South KensingtonMuseum and let us hear all abut the Bibienas there — and the architecturaldrawings for Theatres.He should know something more than we hear about the modern inventionsfor stage machinery, and he should tell us what he has found out. He shouldknow about all the ancient devices for lighting a stage and an auditorium. Heshould know, in short, what can be actually known, not guessed about — andhe should pass it on to us all.1 "On the Art of the Theatre." What we hear about is how Garrick played this scene and how Mrs. Siddonsplayed that one : and the modern English theatrical critic of course retells usall about this hearsay. But if we should ask him how many permanent thea- tres existed in 1600 and where these theatres built, and if he has seen designsof them, and whether any are still in existence, if he has visited them, what theyare like, where we can see them or their plans, what it costs to go there or getthese, I fancy he will be able to give us but a poor answer. It would be thesame with questions we might put to him about nearly everything relating tothe stage of the past and the stage of to-day — excluding England; and evenof this stage he is sometimes behind the times in his information.As I said, this is not his fault. He is not allowed time to study, nor timeand money to travel. And so he is apt to write as ignorantly as did the writer inthe " Observer "on 4th July 1920.Everyone nowadays is forming Committees or " Guilds, " or " Leagues, "or " Societies " to deal with Theatrical matters.I would willingly act in any capacity on a first-class " Society, " which wouldhave as its sole aim the betterment of English Dramatic and Theatrical Criticism,based upon a thorough knowledge of all that has been done and all that is beingdone in Europe and America to improve Theatrical and Dramatic Art.I make this suggestion here in my book because I want it known — theidea may not be taken *up for a while, but someone reading this even in a yearfrom now may see how important it is that in a matter useful to all and harm- ful to none we should have exact information all the time, and it may occur tosomeone able to improve the lot of Dramatic Critics that the way to help best isto establish a substantial fund ... a Chair, maybe, of Dramatic Criticism . . .Anyhow,to give a proper chance to half a dozen men eager to take it, of leadingthe Dramatic Criticism of Europe.It may be that a genius for Criticism can go ahead without information.I believe otherwise. lam sure that we all need more and more reliable bookson the Theatre written by Englishmen — such men should have the leisure to dothis — and who but the Dramatic Critics are the men to whom this task belongsby right ?Some younger men should be released from that regular drudgery of havingto witness night after night dull " premieres " which in the end kills all imagi- nation and distorts all perspective. They should be released and given oppor- tunities, and, allow me to emphasize it now and here, cash ... the means to traveland see what is being done, discover what has been done and come back and tell us.I really hope that something will be started at once to bring this about.I believe the English Theatre would feel the benefit of the results in less than ayear or two. 6 " Why, what should be the fear ? . .When last I was in London in June of 1920 I stated that there were noactors in England who could act Shakespeare.This gave some offence to a number of gentlemen and ladies of the Theatrical Profession — and it gave greater offence to a few whose affection I value,who began to tell me I had no right to make such a statement.Of course I have no right to do so. There are twenty or thirty reasons whyI have no right to. But there is one reason which out-weighs the thirty, evenwhen we add thirty to them and so make sixty. — Make it ninety-nine . .and my reason still outweighs the lot.My reason is this.All the ninety-nine reasons which are advanced are advanced by men andwomen who do not and will not sacrifice an immediate success for a truth. Beit a successful engagement — or two — or three ; be it a sum of money —be it the approval of their fellows (and what is sweeter than this ?) — be itpersonal ambition or personal vanity . . . none of these will our good friendsof the Theatrical Profession sacrifice when it comes to choosing between thesepersonal advantages or standing firm for the truth about the English Theatre.Now what is the truth about our Theatre ? It is something like this .. ,Ist Truth : It possesses the best set of Plays in any language.2nd Truth : It rarely exercises these. They are like a marvellous stud ofblood horses cooped up in their stables, and the very devil to ride when anyonedoes venture to exercise them in the paddock.3nd Truth : The best of riders, if they continue to ride hacks, court a fallwhen they mount thoroughbreds.So that unless Shakespeare's plays are being continually acted by our ac- tors — unless they can come to cope with the versatility of his genius . . . theheroic size of his thought and the stupendous force of his passion, our actorscannot produce a company which we can call representative of England.4th Truth : Those of our actors and actresses who best perform the Shakes- pearean Drama (and they are quite a number *) will admit that if they under- stand and love the great Drama as it deserves, nothing they could do for it wouldbe too much — no sacrifice they could make would be too great for the honour ofShakespeare — their Profession and England. — Well, they sacrifice nothingfor it.I put it to them that a sacrifice worthy of their calling and their ideals would1 As they all know, I have the liveliest appreciation of the qualities of our bestShakespearean actors: of Ainley, Norman Forbes, Matheson Martin Harvey, FisherWhite, Quartermaine, Carter; of Miss Nielson Terry, Miss Sybil Thorndike, Miss ViolaTree, and of some others too. be to raise the standard of playing and keep it flying ; to take no offence whensuch an old friend and an old worker as I am says that the standard is not highenough, but, first ridding themselves of their own personal feelings as I haverid myself of these, come nobly to me and give me a hand, a heart, and that whichgoes with it, a purpose and a promise to see things through. After that a councilas to how best to do it.The truth is that no such spirit existed when I made my statement lastJune — in 1920.sth5th Truth : The English actors and actresses are very polite, very charming,etc., etc. ~ . " I come to wake up Caesars, not to praise them. ". . . I amnot particular to be " polite " to a few at the expense of the whole Nation —and the Art of the Theatre. I'll be as rude as is necessary, till it's acknowledgedthat I am right about this." The Polite " are often given to saying the rudest things behind one'sback. The Rude are sometimes given to speaking better of us in private thanone would imagine. In fact Truth is more often Rude than Polite. It showsa rude exterior to me and to you if we play hanky-panky with it. It treats youand me alike in this." And so, " says my friend the Actor to me, "You think that you — you —are the chosen one, the mouth from which Truth about the Theatre alone .issues..." To which I reply : " When you will enjoy to give up a tenth of what Ihave enjoyed giving up to serve the cause of truth in respect to the EuropeanTheatre — and the English Theatre in particular — then everyone will recognizeyou also have a right to claim that what you say is the truth. "Again, it is one of the most usual things for us all to express, and expressvery strongly, our opinion of a Gladstone, a Beaconsfield, or a Lloyd George.One we call the murderer of Gordon; the other the Pantaloon of Politics ; the last,— I don't know what we don't call him. Honourable Members do not actuallyfire pistols at one another across the venerable floor of the House, but they goit pretty strongly. I like that; — you like that; — it's awfully English,you know.Now, no one ever goes for me except in the " polite " rather mean manner.I seem to have to be on my feet all the time and doing all the cackling. Whenby chance a member of our House does get up it's one of my own side . . . can'tfight my own side. The Government sits tight and mute — yes, mute and letus hope tight. For lam on the opposition benches as yet.Don't let us play at Politics. . . the politics of the Theatre are futile.My word about Beaconsfield and Gladstone and the House of Commons wasmerely shot out to illustrate the truth that yon can differ and be friends ; and tosuggest that some talk from both sides does no harm and a mighty lot of good. Personally I know no better talkers than the actors — good humouredbeyond words — I'd like to exchange some of my pedantic humours for someof their geniality ; then why not — why must all the talk of their side bewhispered and be confined to the question of " shop "; or, if not that, dressingroom or club room talk in which all the best they have to say is lost on those whoare the opposite bench... all because they will whisper.That isn't good for us and isn't good for them.Speaking of us I may as well mention that in the Profession there reallyis an Opposition Party as well as a Government Party. (I continue the use ofPolitical terms for a while because it expresses clearly to all how we are placed—and what the Theatre all over the world is made up of.) In England, then," the Theatrical Profession " is the group which we may call the Government,and the Group which, known as the Opposition, is that smattering of independentmen and women who are not in " Power " and yet are the inspiration of theothers.All the artists are in the Opposition all over the Earth.You query that: you point to the great Sarah Bernhardt. . Why, onceupon a time there never was a bigger figure on the Opposition benches than SarahBernhardt. She selected to go over to the other side, that's all. Now she is amember of the Government. That's very right and proper for people pastsixty, . . . but it does seem a bit natural for younger folk . . . now doesn't it,Phyllis ? ... to be in the Opposition.The momentary lapse into Political figures of speech is not so out of placejust here, for there's a among a number of men and women in theTheatre who could .. . and don't. . . help to push things along, to sit on thefence — to attempt to be just — to take no sides.That would be fine if it wasn't a bit futile.For while actually there are no sides as there are in Politics — and thankHeaven for this — there is a standard, and it must be up or down ; — half- mast high — the golden mean — compromise, announces a death. And, as weshould know by now, " the man who sees two sides to a question sees nothingat all."And although we have no " sides " in our work, there must be and there aremany sides to our difficult problems, the main problem of which is for us " Howto bring our English Theatre to a condition which shall finally place it second tonone in Europe. " And I should say the answer is to use every man and everytalent and every penny we have to back our best horse.I think that to-day our best horse is called Shakespeare.Someone tells me that I have written elsewhere that Shakespeare's Playsare not for acting. — Can I have contradicted myself ? Oh, what a sin ! Can I have said that you can say " Yes " and "No " and yet reply correctly. IfI have not said so you know quite well that this is true — tha under some con- ditions Yes is the only reply to make to a question to which No is the soleanswer.Let me ask you to be a little more cautions before asserting that I contra- dict myself — for here I happen not to. When I spoke of Shakespeare as beingnot actable, not for the Stage, I spoke, if you will remember, as one who wasreviewing the whole question of the Theatre of the World — and the Theatre asa creative Art. Here I speak as one who reviews one section of the whole — themost backward section — that is, the English Theatre. And for the EnglishTheatre it will do well — can do no better — to begin at Shakespeare. Forin Shakespeare is all Burbage, remember ; in Shakespeare is a huge deposit of theCommedia dell'Arte. 1You who fail to understand how I can make two such apparently contra- dictory statements about the Shakespearean Plays would fail to understand thata paradox covers the whole truth. If you cannot understand that Shakespeare'sPlays are unactable and yet are the best stuff on which to rebuild the EnglishTheatre of 1921 — then you cannot understand a paradox.Bother your head no longer about Paradoxes — be less clever till you arecleverer — remain in the dark rather than open eyes which cannot stand the glareof that torch which even Truth herself holds above her own head. There areplenty of hands waiting to take yours and help you along in the dark — if yonwon't talk, argue, and attempt to reason when crossing on a narrow plank overan abyss 30,000 feet deep — and that is what life amounts to.Truth is not one-sided, not three, not any number of sides. It is as roundas it is square : as fluid as fixed : as strong as it is weak : as hot as cold.It is not enough for us to say that while half the earth is awake the otherhalf is asleep, for that is not at all true. The world, thank Heaven, is all the timehaving as much evening and morning as day and night. There is no momentbut in some place men are falling off to sleep and waking up. There is no momentbut in some place a bell is heard striking the hour of seven. Therefore for Mr.William Archer to assert, as he strolls over to the theatre some evening, that itis seven o'clock would be incorrect of Mr. Archer. It is merely seven o'clock tohim. It is eight o'clock to Signor Danilo ; but Signor Danilo would never be rashenough to swear to the hour, for after all it is 10.30 in the morning to II Profes- sore in San Francisco. " Home at last, " says Mr. Archer, looking at his watch which points to thehour of midnight. But Signor Danilo is at home and it is one o'clock, and theProfessor is at home and it is 3.30.Again Books, Boats, Houses, Horses, screws, meals, and a host of otherthings are not all made and handled alike, and so it is incorrect when the primtell us we can't and we must'nt make or handle them in any but one way.Books are not only printed forwards. In Japan they print 'em backwards.There is not one rule of the road — if in England the horses are kept to theleft they will be right only in England, for in Italy the opposite is the rule.Screws of a carpenter's bench in Italy turn the other way to screws in anEnglish bench.And just as Mr. Archer and other good men get fixed ideas into their headsabout what seems to them to be the certainty of the hour and place, and the un- changeability of other customs, so do the critics of this other world — thisTheatre world — get just as fixed idea about the Theatre, or they would not beso ready to assert that the Theatrical Art is this or that, but cannot possiblybe the other.For it can be what it likes. 1 The Commedia dell'Arte, or Professional Comedy, was the sixteenth, seventeenth,and eighteenth, centuries' idea of genuine Theatricals unmixed with the literary, the phil- osophical and the metaphysical. It was the genuine expression of the actor. COMMENT H. A. L. The December issue of our contemporary, Les Ecrits Nouveaux, containsan article on the Russian Theatre under the Soviets. A. Andre Julien, theauthor, so strikingly supplements and amplifies the Notes of M. Ehrenbourg inBroom that we paraphrase at length therefrom.The present Russian Government has a secretary and department of " Edu- cation by means of Theatrical Productions The present incumbent of thisportfolio is Comrade Kel, whose duties, as he himself states them, chiefly consistin " ideology and organization, " i.e., an examination and search for artistictrends in the theatres, and a dissemination of the best that is found. Kel ex- pressed regret that little novelty had as yet emerged, but harboured the hopethat new inspiration would spring from the proletariat.The immediate program of this department is to bring into the closest pos- sible contact the labouring classes and the theatres, by means, first of all, of thecreation of as many theatres as possible. In 1914 Russia possessed 70 goodtheatres and 140 theatres of small account. The latter have been annihilated.Soviet Russia at present exults in 2197 subsidized theatres and 3452 active organ- izations in the smaller villages : altogether nearly 6000 stages compared with210 under the old regime. Most of the smaller organizations have arisen fromthe private initiative of groups of communists unaided by official assistance. Ofcourse the Bolsheviks do not neglect such an opportunity as the theatres providefor addressing the people.Control of theatrical activity, since the inception of the Revolution, hasbeen vested in a commission which enforced a strict censorship forbidding thestaging of any production not chosen by themselves. This seriously limitedinitiative, and therefore the commission was suppressed last June.A new inclusive organization has been established instead, made up of Meyer- hold, Stanislavski, Sanine, Vacktangof and Kel. In other words the leadingtheatrical artists of Russia : artists not propagandists.Meyerhold, the President, is the most daring, influential and original of thosetheatrical directors with communist sympathies. He created the first theatreof " The Socialist Federation of the Russian Soviets " notable for having producedthe Aurora of Verhaeren and the Mysteres Bouffes of Maiakovski. The authorof Mysteres Bouffes, has the same position among the writers, as Meyerhold among the directors. He also fought in the war as a red soldier and assails theart of yersterday with the same violence. The Mysteres Bouffes in its futuristicvisions of class war and world struggle seeks to satisfy the eye and stimulateimagination rather than reason. It is criticised by the intellectuals ; I,unat- charski has judged it severely, and Stanislavski has declared : " It is a caricaturethat never unfolds its wings. " However, the crowd that nightly throngs thetheater acclaims it with enthusiasm.Thus in the new commission, Meyerhold personifies communism, withits daring departures and Stanislavski, culture, taste and the old artistic con- science. Even when his radical associates consider his conceptions passe,they continue to hold him in deep veneration. Stanislavski has never falteredin his task. He is still the man whom Copeau credited (Cahier du Vieux Colom- bier — novembre 1921) with the creation of " The only school of the moderntheatre carried to perfection. " The same man of whom Gordon Craig writes ina recent letter to Broom : " Now the two (Stanislavski and his associate) madetheir theatre worlds famous — the first in Europe — How ? Their chief rule isthis : 'We will show a production to the public not by any given date but onlywhen it is ready'Although this differentiation of ideal exists between Stanislavski andthe communists directors " for whom the art theatre has no value beyond thepersonality of its director, Stanislavski, since it is only of mediocre interestfrom the point of view of social life, because it addresses itself to the intellectuals, "nevertheless he is allowed complete freedom. As Kel states it:"It is such anartist of truly exceptional talent that we should surround with the greatestconsideration, for his cooperation is essential to us Stanislavski is more skep- tical of his confreres than they are of him. Before the creation of the newT com- mittee of which he is a member, he is quoted by M. Julien as having said : " Therevolutionists wait for something new, but art comes ahead of the revolutionand goes farther. One cannot make propaganda of art. "There is probably another reason for the division between Stanislavskiand the new theatre, not mentioned by M. Julien. Stanislavski brought toperfection the realistic theatre ; he might be called an inspired Belasco ; 110 onehas evei produced dramas of Ibsen and Tschekoff in a comparable manner. Ev- ery detail had to be true to life ; the actors were taught to lose themselves intheir parts to such an extent that several have been reported to have gone insane.Not only in Russia is this emphasis antipathetic to the spirit of the new theatre.Expression by means of symbols, more abstract and less naturalistic, is the trendof creators in the western world ; and the Mysteres Bouffes might be preferredby the younger groups outside of Russia, to the Cherry Orchard, even under thedirection of Stanislavski. M. Julien also describes Kachalof's presentations of Byron's Cain and ofGogol's Revisor : The three new schoools opened under Kachalof's direction andthe continuation of the opera. He speaks of Vackatangof, the third memberof the commission, and his performances of St. Anthony by Maeterlinck, of Sanine,formerly of the Imperial Theatre of Moscow, uniquely versed in " scenes de masseTwo secretaries have been appointed to assist the central committee in theselection of plays. Maxim Gorki and Beskine are at present in charge ofthis department of theatrical literature. The latter, an ex-laborer, also concernshimself with the problem of bringing the theatre to the v/orkers and peasants,and vice-versa.An interesting by-play of the main program is the regulation that eachmember of the committee must go in turn into the' provinces and personallytake part in the local productions. The idea being, according to Kel, that" The consequences of a stay in a village far from Moscow of personalities suchas Stanislavski or Meyerhold, can achieve inestimable results in the future of thetheatre. " — We would be pleased if it were also decreed that they visitMain Street. —M. Julien goes on to describe the projects for bringing the audience into theperformance — "To mix the people in the creation " — mentioned also byM. Ehrenbourg. Much importance is attached to this phase, as exemplifiedby organizations of pageants and street shows. The article concludes with thestatement: " It is very likely that discoveries of greater power and importancewill arise from the Russian revolutionary theatre than our old world is aptto develop. " The November issue of our contemporary, L,es Ecrits Nouveaux, containsan article on America. M. Bernard Fay, the author, has a point of view and aFrench clarity of expression that so efficiently disperse the confused nimbi whichshield that country from our understanding, that we quote at length therefrom.M. Fay divides America into two major divisions : the American worldof letters with small centres in New York, Boston and Chicago, and the rest ofAmerica. The former, which in spite of its three heads, is homogeneous, accord- ing to M. Fay, recognized three outstanding literary events last year" Iva Grande Rue, de Sinclair qui est un beau roman realiste et amer, laReine Victoria, de L. Strachey, l'Empereur Jones, drame realiste et douloureuxd'Eugene O'Neill. "" All these works are competent and well done, and do honor to the authorswho created them and to the public who appreciate them. But, for a stranger,they are empty. They are books for discussion. They give no new direction to the human soul. They will cause no more commotion than an ambassadorialtoast at an international banquet or a controversy on the distribution of a prize.Then again, they are very English. Their style, their honesty, their literarymachinery are those of Great Britain, and one thinks of Wells, Shaw, Chester- ton, and Lord Bryce, who at the moment are the favorite authors of this public. "And a little further on —" This literary public of the United States with its lectures, its newspapersof twenty pages, is the best informed in the entire world, has the best digestionof any nation and charming taste. But in its soul it loves to discuss only themost precise subjects and to see its young authors march in ordered steps towardsthe forms and traditions of literary England. In this direction it believes,lies the intellectual progress of the United States." There is no other literary public in America. But there are millions ofliving men whom I have known. I did not land at New York ;, I entered onfoot living freely with those who came from all the States, North, South, West,and the Centre. Since I have known them, I have not been content to see onlythe world of cultivated America. These young men were to me the symbol ofa mass which is not organized and has no consciousness, but which has taste,unbelievable liberty, vehemence of feelings and multiple and passionate desires.The United States is not a myth of the geographical maps. It exists as anenormous space, it lives as a huge emotional crowd. "Speaking of The Kid by Charlie Chaplin :" This film has been the great artistic event of the winter. It is sad andfull of reproaches, it criticises that which is most respected in the United States,women, social order, and the great thieves. Its triumph, in spite of prejudi- ces, in spite of financial depression, is one of the most curious phenomena of lastwinter. "M. Fay also expresses a qualified admiration for American popular novelswhose authors " dare not write liteiatureaI do not find these popular American stories entirely bad. They boreme, but are less deceiving than the liteiary creations. They inspire hope. Theyare not, like the others, an end. I love the Saturday Evening Post, which iscut into sections like a sausage, pages of stories, — epic, lyric, comic, sentimen- tal — intermixed with ads where one sees magnificent corsets and miraculoustooth powders. The same ladies who appear m the advertisements decorated incorsets, die as queens in the stories, assassinated by ignoble negroes. "" It makes a strange impression upon the traveller when he perceives thatAmericans have never regarded their civilization for its intrinsic value. Theyaccept it, they praise it, they gloiify it as moral and ideal. They live it withenthusiasm but seek neither to analyze nor to judge it. Outside of some strangers and some Israelites, I have known no famousauthor who has seen the originality of this civilization. The literati considerAmerican culture as a branch of English culture. In the great universities,there are four chairs of English literature to one of American. Those of theirwriters who do not appear typical are treated with distrust, as dissenters. Thecommunity of language which has given the Anglo-Saxon such a commercialadvantage is on the way toward ruining American art. "" One accuses the American newspaper of adding to this confusion and ofbeing stupid. I do not know what one should say of our own in this regard.Besides, it seems to me the American newspapers have done more and better thanthe literati. They have invented and established a new form which pleases thepeople and corresponds to them. In their enormity, in their variety, these pa- pers are one of the most sincere products under the sun. They are amusing,hardy, tragic, mundane. They indefinitely lenew the spectacle of existence. Theyare stupid, with less pretention than ours, and more informative. They have beau- tiful pictures, they pay moie. They circulate more widely. Their scandalsare greater than ours, their heroines more virtuous. They cannot help but de- velop imagination and taste for life. " —"The sight of the crowds which throng the museums, concerts, and publiclibraries has surprised me. The prestige which surrounds the better artistshas persuaded me that the United States waits, longs for, and invokes withpassion, the great man of letters of whom they have need.. They will bearin triumph the first writer of genius who will appear. "M. Fay, like most Frenchmen, then admires American architecture, streetplanning, football stadiums, and concludes —" A stranger always receives the impression that the Americans have notyet found their intellectual milieu. They lack either a revealer, or the time,or the occasion. They have produced and produce beautiful things which areneither entirely beautiful nor entirely their own. Their literature seems tofree itself from commercial oppression only to become a kind of religion. Amongthe conservatives it is a dogmatic esthetic which seeks to moralize, among theradicals it is a rapturous mysticism, tainted by a Bergsonism more or less con- scious, as in the work of Waldo Frank. Anarchists wish art to supress religion,traditionalists that it recreate religion and be a part of it. The necessary distinc- tion between the religious life of the soul, and its pleasures, is either supressedor enfeebled. Art oscillates between soclal questions, moral problems, and re- volution. Freudian doctrines have putin their appearance during the last twoyears, to add to the harm. They verify Freud in verse and utilize him in novels.One is forced to believe that American literature will not be worthy of itself untilafter it has changed its methods of associating ideas and sentiments. We consider so many of M. Fay's reactions acrid and stimulating thatwe have quoted at length. But we disagree in this particular: Queen Victoria,one of the three major literary events specified, has primarily appealedto that literary America of charming taste, subservient to English literature.But Main Street has not. Nor is Main Street a vengeance of the East upon theWest, as M. Fay states elsewhere. A study of the number of copies sold oreven of their geographical distribution would rebut M. Fay's contention. LiteraryAmerica read Main Stleet (it reads everything, even Hamsun), but in generalsniffed —" his style does not flow, the English has no rhythm, no resonance —Main Street somehow got over to the " mass which is not organized, has noconsciousness " but which is rapidly acquiring one. And it got ovei not as arevenge of the East upon the West but as a revolt against the dead, dried up,hypocritical, stagnant remnant of a civilization, currently called Puritanism,derived in bygone centuries from that same England to which literary Americakowtows. Main Street lives on Fifth Avenue, 011 Beacon Hill, just as truly as itbisects Moose Jaw. Russia and America are sepai ated by many kilometres of land and milesof sea. Judging by the two articles from which we have quoted, they are as farapart spiritually as they are corporeally. And yet one finds them associatedin the strangest conjunction by disillusioned Europeans of all nationalities, exceptthe Irish. Sometimes it is an artistic renaissance, sometimes a spiritual revival,sometimes an economic panacea that is anticipated, but whatever it may be,they are quite sure it will come from Russia or America, or possibly from both.A few palpable similarities are evident. Both have great size, untouchednatural resources and undeveloped territory. But these are more than balanced,by the fact that one is materially the richest and the other the poorest of occiden- tal nations. The American people possesses a naive trust in the value of univer- sal education ; the Russian government shares this confidence. The UnitedStates is mottled with little theatres and debating clubs usually made up ofinsurgents against the existing artistic or economic order. The Russian Govern- ment, and the small party it represents, attempt artificially to effect a similar act- ivity despite the apathy of the populace. In unsuspected recesses of the Americancontinent free thinking individuals, who desperately contend with the acceptedphilosophy, germinate spontaneously. In suspected quarters of the Russian po- pulation, plots are incubated to restore the antecedent status quo. The indivi- dualistic liberalism professed by the alternating political paities, who ostensiblyrule the United States, derives from the theories of j&gt;re-revolutionary French philosophers, whose decayed teeth had been efficaciously extracted by pre-em- inent American dentists. On the other hand, the existent Russian Governmentautocratically enforces the latest radical doctrines, allowing no criticism ex- cept from within its own party. In general, the Russian authorities expend asmuch energy in disseminating these tenets among their recalcitrant masses asthe American authorities exert in suppressing them.But the vague faith of Europe in the two countries probably rests on othergrounds. Europe has lost all illusions about herself, is resigned to a cynicalspirit of acceptance. To her, human nature is unchangeable, greed and envywill continue to exist, and misery and wars to follow. In Russia and the Unit- ed States credence abides that, given other conditions, the nature of man willchange. Therefore Europe, unable to resign herself, replaces by this faith in twounfathomed nations, the discarded trust in a progressive evolution that theNeo-Darwinists substituted for religion. The December Dial prints an article on American Painting by Mr. PaulRosenfeld, tracing its development from Albert Pinkham Ryder to GeorgiaO'Keeffe. Mr. Rosenfeld has given several noteworthy precedents for plainspeaking when wielding a critical pen. We shall follow his excellent example.The article under discussion is an offence to American criticism and a cal- umny on American art. At this moment when the general public, stimulatedby the publicity given to the mysterious new art, which up till now it had takenas a joke, asks for enlightenment and assistance, it is indeed a misfortune thatone of our most advanced journals should combine with a respected critic, torain upon their expectant intelligences, such a melliflous pot-pourri." Disks of saddest silver burn coldly amid profound and undulent blacks ;rims of dreamy light glow palely as the greening skies of after sunset; dullestgold of night-cloud edge is subtly and mystically harmonized with sable andwith the aureate browns of embossed leather. The fanfares of romance breaththrough the tender mysterious tones, the sensitive foaming formsGreat stuff ! — Poe might have wished to incorporate it in his vision ofEldorado but as an aid to understanding modern art, it is about as useful as aBaudelaire sonnet to designer of turbines.The French, admittedly pre-eminent in pictorial art, devote several magaz- ines to art criticism. They are read by a public more familiar with and cognizantof aesthetics than the American. Yet they resemble the Scientific Americanand the Mechanical Age infinitely more closely than they do this sample of artcriticism. We do not contend that the French should be slavishly imitated, even though they excel in this instance, but we consider it food for reflectionthat the most distinguished art milieu prefers to study art scientifically, whilethe unformed and chaotic Ameiican field is fed with spumescent rhetoric andconscious fine writing.But our aversion to the form of this criticism is not our primary quarrel.The article misinforms and is misleading." The stout woman in grey singing at the piano, opening her mouth in halfintense and flaccid fashion, brings one the feeling of the monotony and secondrate quality of existence, the languorous fashion in which nature takes and givesthe lives of her creatures, pours it out carelessly, wastes it; floods of energypoured forth, nothing very noble, very tragical, or very exciting happeningwithal".Since when is painting a medium for expounding philosophy ? Beforewritten language was perfected painting recorded the dreams, the fears and theaspirations of the race, but the modern artist is supposedly concerned with whatClive Bell terms " significant form ", the pattern or arrangement of form andcolour which has the power of evoking an " aesthetic emotion " in contrast toliterary or poetic sentiment." The mustard browns, the dull rich greens, the fawns and tans and softwarm whites, call to mind the smell of hay, the breath of kine, the taste of warmsquirted milk. One hears perforce the grunting of piglets, the lowing of oxen,the swishing of great slow tails. Butter and cheese and all dairy products havea sort of apotheosis here Shades of Mid-Victorianism ! A good enough descrip- tion of an old time chromo or a dining room mural at which the polite guestsexclaim, " Why those grapes look jus' good enough to eat/' We doubt that Dovehad hoped thus to compete with coloured photography or the cinematograph.At any rate the cow in the reproduction refused to swish for us.Another inference of which we are persuaded, is that Mr. Rosenfeld is citybred and unfamiliar with natural functions. No other explanation can accountfor his predilection for " grossly animal processes We suggest that next sum- mer he beg permission of some friendly farmer to be present when the bull islet in on the cow. It is really more interesting in life than are paintings of the" Organs that differentiate the sex. "Not that we agree with the " puritan unwillingness to perceive manin his relation to the rest of creation" but that to a painter a phalluslike a pistil is expressive only by its form. Perhaps the Egyptians habi- tually remarked " some crocodile " when they sauntered by the obelisk, but wedoubt it.Again it may be that Miss O' Keeffe's paintings " lead one further and fur- ther into the truth of a woman's life/' her art may breathe "a prayer that the indifferent and envious world may be kept from defiling and wrecking the whiteglowing place " but if so it has nothing to do with the question of whether herart is good or bad or as to what her painting means as painting.Mr. Rosenfeld writes impressionistic criticism. He purports to transferthe emotion of contemporary pictorial art into a literary form; to invoke by wordsthe beauty of the paintings and thereby to assist others not so well equippedartistically as he, to get a reaction. A legitimate and worth while aspiiation.But the first essential is the ability to look at a picture. Not a line in the lengthydiscourse gives an indication that this is the case. While Mi. Rosenfeld wasin Paris he had every opportunity to familiarise himself with current art theories.He could have read in many different forms : " A great painter conceives andexecutes a homogenous organism, a new body from which one cannot subtractor risk the destruction of the smallest particle. But the novelty resides in thearrangement of the elements and in their distribution. Their conventionalmeaning matters not at all. A combat of gladiators, a pastoral idyll, or a sim- ple relationship of angles can satisfy us equally. It is not necessary to humanizegeometric forms but to extricate from a work, its specifically plastic import/'(Waldemar George — in YAmour de TArt). But Mr. Rosenfeld seem eitherto have escaped contact with all such theorizing or to have dismissed it asinapplicable, although it underlies the work of the artists whom he criticizes.Mr. Rosenfeld seems only to react to the literary content of the paintings, atendency which has been the most destructive in the history of art and has causedone decadence after another. Modern art has but recently tried to strugglefrom under this incubus, and it is the sacred duty of critics to assist this en- deavor. To judge American painters by discarded criteria, and criteriawhich their creations ignore, is considerably worse than useless. Mr. Stieglitz,whom he mentions, has devoted a life-time to the struggle, and the fight has onlycommenced. Most American painting still endeavors to outdo realistic photo- graphy, to be more lifelike than life.We can understand why such criticism is written, Mr. Rosenfeld has sup- plied the key. — " For an act of imagination is the process of perceiving anobjective verity, and no one born this side the Atlantic can stand lookinglong into the face of the truth. Why it is so, why the truth, hard to envisagein the old world, should be a sort of head of Medusa in the New, it is not easyto say. Perhaps it is for the reason that the verity concerning America itself,the prime truth for the American, is so painful that sluggish life prefers to main- tain itself on a low plane by means of a moral blindness rather than struggledesperately and perhaps perish on a higher. Perhaps it is for the reason thatno individual can see the realities unsustained by the will of the group. Oneknows it oneself whatever one be, the pain of gazing long at the truth concerning oneself; the glare of the fierce light, the constantly recurrent impulse to glanceaway immediately after the vision into some consoling rose-land, to cuddleoneself with the chocolate and the movies and newspaper patriotism of the eternalillusion. It's as if the breast were sore, and could'nt long bear the embrace oflife, and relaxing the passionate clasp shrank away/' (Dial, page 619, November)— but we cannot understand why it is printed by the paper which editoriallyasks. — " Is it possible that the common literature of our day is forsaking thedirect simplicity which made it if nothing else intelligible, and, with an instinctfor these things, is beginning to give us exactly the wrong thing in style and aninitiation to bad poems-in prose ? — (Dial, page 624, November). It is with feelings of deep regret that we have been forced to accept the re- signation of Alfred Kreymborg from BROOM. 11l health and the demands ofhis own work have necessitated this separation, and he leaves us to go North- wards accompanied by every wish of BROOM for his future welfare and success.Mr. Kreymborg's address for the next two months will be Hotel Moderno,Rapallo, Italy. Broom completes its first volume with the present number and takesTHE OPPORTUNITY OF SAYING A FEW WORDS ABOUT ITSELF.We have introduced to the public not only American writers and ar-TISTS PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN, BUT WE HAVE ALSO PUBLISHED TRANSLATIONS OF THEWORKS OF INNOVATORS, IMPORTANT TO EUROPEAN LITERATURE, WHO HAVE NOT HITH- ERTO FOUND A HEARING IN THE UNITED STATES.At the same time, Broom has placed before its readers selections fromTHE CONTEMPORARY OUTPUT OF WRITERS OF REPUTATION SUCH AS GORDON CRAIG,€James Stephens, Walter De La Mare, Paul Claudel, Picasso and Matisse,TO MENTION BUT A FEW OF THE EUROPEANS.Broom has before it a long program which it hopes to develop.In these four numbers our foreign material has been derived chieflyfrom France, England, Italy and Russia, but we still have in Germany,Spain, and the countries of northern Europe a vast untouched field of whichwe propose to avail ourselves.In addition, it is our intention to offer to our readers material fromTHE RECENT LITERATURE OF THOSE NEWLY CREATED STATES OF CENTRAL EUROPE,WHICH ARE ONLY NOW BEGINNING TO GIVE EXPRESSION TO THEIR NATIONAL CONSCIEN- CES, HITHERTO SUBMERGED.Broom is published in Rome, 3266 miles from New York, 4269 miles fromChicago and 6227 miles from San Francisco.Owing to these distances which separate us from the Great MajorityOF OUR READERS AND THE CONSEQUENT INEVITABLE DIFFICULTIES OF DISTRIBUTION,WE ASK THOSE INTERESTED IN US TO SUPPORT OUR VENTURE BY MORE THAN BOOK- SHOP PURCHASES ANDTO SUBSCRIBE.AMERICAN subscriptions (5 dollars a year) should bemailed to theNew York Office, THREE EAST NINTH STREET ;EUROPEAN subscriptions to the main office,18, TRINITA DEI MONTI, ROME (6), Italy. MAXWELL BODENHEIM - THE DIAL. «THE ARTIST, GRACEFULLY GES- TICULATING ABOUT HIMSELF, ON HISDIVAN, IS HIDEOUS, BUT IF HE DANC- ED ON A BOULDER AND WAVED ALILAC BOUGH IN ONE HAND AND A« BROOM » IN THE OTHER, ONE COULDRESPECT HIM. »