The mask 8 11 January 1919 naau_1919-01_01 The mask 8 11 A PANIC OF SHEEP. OR 1100 VOTES TO 15. 1-2 ABOUT THE STAGE. SPECTATORS cre PERFORMERS cre 1-3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 BOOK REVIEWS. 3-4 AN I ME D ANNATE by Corrado 3-4 FA THER NOAH and Other Fancies 4 BLACK AND WHITE MAGIC by 4 SERBIAN FAIRY TALES, 4 THE WAY OF MARTHA AND 4 INCENSE AND ICONOCLASM. 4 THE JOLLY DUCHESS, Harriot 4 i \ 4 EDITORIAL NOTE. 4 DEMOCRATIC KINGS. 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 rpi ip 1\ /I A 0I I 1rH \/l / \ |V I 1 ILL 1V A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER ELEVENADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved January 1919.Gerente responsabile : Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. A PANIC OF SHEEP.OR 1100 VOTES TO 15. THE Drama or Art of the Theatre ....and by that I meanall that is not the commerce of the Stage.... while beingto some extent the product of artists, is nowadays veryoften greatly aided by the Professional or Trade Actor.It is in being ridiculous that the Professional or TradeActor aids the Theatre.The following announcement in " The Times WeeklyEdition n of November 8th 1918 will show you how.BY 1,100 VOTES TO 15." F)Y 1,100 votes to 15 the Actors' Association decidedP) last week to go into liquidation that it might be" reconstituted as a trade union. Mr. Sydney Valentine said" it was not desired to hold a pistol at any one's head, but as" a trade union they would be in a position to demand that" contracts should be made fair to the performer. When the" Association recently took their grievances to the managers" they were put off because managements were then con- " cerned with labor troubles. As a trade union they would"be able to shut a Theatre up in 24 hours if their" grievances were not considered ".PERHAPS you do not see how this aids the Drama andthe Theatre.Let me make it clear. The more theatres that are shutthe better.How laudable in a Professional is the ambition to closetheatres.Here in Italy some surprise has been expressed amongall classes that an English Professional Actor should take solong over what at first sight seems so easy a job Whytwenty-four hours ?... when three minutes should be enough.I daresay the artists of Europe and America (those notaffiliated in any trades-union should be enough) will alsoread this announcement with puzzlement. For to tell youthe truth it is almost a kind of fixed idea here in Italyamongst actors, writers and others that the aim of all actors is to keep theatres open. This belief has been spreading like wildfire, and thereforethis strange new suggestion.... this innovation.... which comesfrom England ....nay, from London.... that the modernactors' ambition is to be talented enough to close a theatrein twenty-four hours, has given our theorists a rude shock.Mr. Valentine's assurance that he and his associateswere not desirous of holding any pistol at anyone's head musthave brought no end of comfort to the plenipotentiaries whowere breathlessly awaiting Messrs Valentine and Orson sultimatum in the next room.To close all the Theatres simultaneously could do nomanager anything but good :... it would be an act of humankindness. But to level stage pistols at the heads of themanagers would be, to say the least of it, very theatrical.We hope'Messrs Valentine and Orson will neverproceed to such lengths; but will, as they are at last aboutto become real tradesmen, make the most of their opportunity,closing all the theatres they come across without the cost ofa single inch of red flannel, without one dab of vermilion.... IT must be with special pride that English actors can todaylook upon their position and the spirit which they bringto their work.To the privilege of painting their faces they may nowadd that of having a grievance.Their grievance is that they are not paid well enough.Whereas French and Italian players receive as much as £ 3to £ 5 a week, English ' artists ' are paid but £ 20 to £ 30a week. Some were even forced to accept such ridiculoussums as £ 60, £ 80 or even £ 100 a week.It is all very remarkable, this bid for freedom by thepoor persecuted stage unionists of London.I can well imagine that in future no theatre programmecan possibly be issued without its T. U. after each name.We have had our Sir JOHN MlLLAIS R. A. Now weshall have our Mr. ROSCIUS T. U.Thus a bill of the play " Julius Caesar " would looksomething like this:Julius Caesar. Sir FRANK BENSON T. U.Cassius Mr. ORSON T. U.Brutus Mr. VALENTINE T. U.and so forth.Later on perhaps we may be informed by other Letterswhether the actor is one of the Labour Party, Bolshevik...or simply happy anarchist.Henry V. Mr. OSCAR ASCHE L. P.Falstaff Mr. WILLIE GOSLING H. A. S.NOW indeed may the English actor proudly say withall true heroes," The old guard never dies.... perish the thought!.......it surrenders". Concluded on page 42. ABOUT THE STAGE. By THE SPECTATORSAND PERFORMERS. SAINT JOHN CHRYSOSTOM.cupidimis inductionem ",1V1 n adulterii meditationem ".11 Daemonum solemnitates ".o MADAME D USE. oTO save the Theatre the Theatremust be destroyed, the actors andactresses must all die of the plague:they poison the air, they make artimpossible.The Drama dies of stalls and eve- ning dress and people who go to theTheatre to digest their dinner.0 SAINT CYPRIAN, o9 y %1 HESAURUM pudoris.ANTON TCH E K O V.Constantine. To me the Theatreof today is no more than an antiqua- ted prejudice, a dull routine. Whenthe curtain rises, and all these accom- plished actors, these priests of a sa- cred art, endeavour to show, by lamp- light, in a room with three walls,how ordinary people eat, drink, love,move about the world ; when a mo- rality is preached to us in trivial phrasesand pictures.... a wretched, common- place morality convenient for house- hold use; when the same old story isdished up again and again in a thou- sand variations; then 1 can do nootherwise than fly as Maupassant fledfrom the Eiffel Tower, whose trivia- lity threatened to shatter his soul ! *Sorin. But you admit that the Thea- tre is an important factor in civili- zation....Constantine. New forms are whatwe need, new forms. Better havenothing at all than cling to the oldtradition.o /. M . SYN G E . oON the stage one must have reality,and one must have joy ; and thatis why the intellectual modern dramahas failed, and people have grown sickof the false joy of the musical comedy,that has been given them in place ofthe rich joy found only in what issuperb and wild in reality,E D U A R D S C H U R 6.THE existing theatre is the docileand passive image of surroundingsociety The theatre of the future will remould man and society to its ownimage. For it will be the temple ofthe ideal, the ardent hearth of theconscious, free, and creative Soul.WOLFGANG *GOETHE.IT is well-nigh time that people cea- sed talking about the form of dra- matic compositions, about their lengthand shortness, their unities, their be- ginning, middle and end, and all the restof it; and that we now began to gostraightway to their contents* whichhitherto it seems, have been left totake care of themselves.There is, however, one form whichis as distinct from the other as theinternal sense from the external; aform which is not tangible but requiresto be felt. Our head must be ableto overlook that which the head ofanother can grasp; our heart must beable to feel that which the heart ofanother can feel. The intermingling ofthe rules will not give rise to loose- ness; and, though the example shouldprove dangerous, yet it is at bottombetter to make a confused piece thana cold one.Indeed, if only more persons werealive to this inner form, which com- prehends within itself all forms, weshould not be disgusted by so manyabortive productions of the intellect ;writers would not think of expandingevery tragic event into a drama andof slicing up every novel into a play.I wish that some clever individualwould parody this twofold nuisance byarranging, say, the /Esopian fable ofthe Wolf and the Lamb in the formof a tragedy in five acts.He who would work for the stageshould, moreover, study the stage, theeffects of scenography, of lights, ofrouge, and other colouring matter, ofglazed linen and spangles. He shouldleave nature in her proper place, andtake careful heed not to have recourseto anything but what may be perfor- med by children with puppets uponboards and laths, together with sheetsof cardboard and linen.SAINT A UGUSTINE.STAGE plays also carried me away,full of images of my miseries, andof fuel to my fire. Why is it, thatman desires to be made sad, beholdingdoleful and tragical things, which yethimself would by no means suffer ?Yet he desires as a spectator to feelsorrow at them, and this very sorrowis his pleasure. What is this but amiserable madness ? For a man is themore affected with these actions, the less free he is from such affections. How*soever, when he suffers in his ownperson, it uses to be styled misery:when he compassionates others, thenit is mercy. But what sort of com- passion is this for feigned and scenicalpassions ? For the auditor is not cal- led on to relieve, but only to grieve :and he applauds the actor of thesefictions the more, the more he grieves.And if the calamities of those persons,(whether of old times, or mere fiction)be so acted, that the spectator is notmoved to tears, he goes away disgus- ted and criticising; but if he be mo- ved to passion, he stays intent, andweeps for joy. M11 Muscipulam et caveam nn Diavoli turpissimam n.GUSTAVE FLAUBERT.THE artist should be in his worklike God in creation, invisible andall-powerful ; he should be felt every- where and seen nowhere. Art shouldbe raised above personal affection andnervous susceptibility. It is time togive it the perfection of the physicalsciences by means of a pitiless me- thod.A UGUSTE STRINDBERG.aMAY we secure a free theatre,where we shall have freedomfor all things save to have no talentand to be a hypocrite or a fool.o TERTULLIAN. oPRIVATUM impudicitiae consisto- riura.WALT WHITMAN.OF what is called drama, or dra- matic presentation in the UnitedStates, as now put forth at the thea- tres, I should say it deserves to betreated with the same gravity, andon a par with the questions of orna- mental confectionary at public dinners,or the arrangement of curtains andhangings in a ball-room, nor more norless, 1870.o CHARLES LAMB, oTO see Lear acted.... to see an oldinan tottering about with a stick,turned out of doors by his daughterson a rainy night, has nothing in itbut what is painful and disgusting.We want to take him into shelter,that is all the feeling the acting ofLear ever produced in me. The con- temptible machinery by which theymimic the storm which he goes out in,is not more inadequate to represent the horror of the real elements than anyactor can be to represent Lear. Theymight more easily propose to perso- nate the Satan of Milton upon astage, or one of Michaelangelo's terri- ble figures.... Lear is essentially im- possible to be represented on thestage.W. SAVAGE LANDOR.Leontion. I would rather hear alittle about the theatre, and whetheryou think at last that women shouldfrequent it; for you have often saidthe contrary.Epicurus. I think they should visitit rarely; not because it excites theiraffections, but because it deadens them.To me nothing is so odious as to beat once among the rabble and amongthe heroes, and, while I am receivinginto my heart the most exquisite ofhuman sensations, to feel upon myshoulder the hand of some inattentiveand insensible young officer.Leontion. Do you derive no plea- sure from the representation of a con- sumate actor?Epicurus. High pleasure ; but liableto be overturned in an instant: plea- sure at the mercy of anyone who sitsbeside me.o o LESS I N G . o oWE have actors but no mimeticart. If in past times there wassuch an art, we have it no longer; itis lost, it must be discovered anew.There is enough superficial chatter onthe subject in various languages, butspecial rules, known to everyone, pro- nounced with distinctness and preci- sion, according to which the blame orthe praise of an actor can be definedin a particular case, of such I scarcelyknow two or three.ARTHUR S YMO N S.LOSING, as we do, something of theparticularity of these painted faces,we are ahle to enjoy all the betterwhat it is certainly important we shouldappreciate if we are truly to ap- preciate our puppets. This is nothingless than a fantastic, yet a direct re- turn, to the Masks of the Greeks : thatlearned artifice by which tragedy andcomedy were assisted in speaking to the: world with the universal Voice, by thisdeliberate generalising of emotion. It, will be a lesson to some of our mo- f dern notions; and it may be instructive" for us to consider that we could notr give a play of Ibsen's to Marionnettes, but that we could give them the " Aga- i memnon ". BENJAMIN DISRAELI.I HAVE a passion for instrumental mu- 1 sic, but 1 admire little the humanvoice, which appears to me, with allour exertions, a poor instrument. Senseand sentiment, too, are always sacrifi- ced to dexterity and caprice. A grandorchestra fills my mind with ideas.... Iforget every thing in the stream of in- vention. A prima donna is very ra- vishing; but while I listen 1 am a mereman of the world, or hardly sufficiently well bred to conceal my weariness"CHARLES N O D I E R .MARIONNETTES have never beenhissed, even in France, wherethey hiss everything.WHAT I most admire in the ma- rionnettes..,. and I admire nearlyeverything in them.... is the exquisitedecorum of this primitive form of thedrama.ANATOLE FRANCE.I HAVE an infinite desire to see Ma- rionnettes replace living actors. If Imust speak all my thought, actors spoilthe play for me. I mean good actors..••such as are found at the Com£die Fran- gaise. Their talent is too great. It co- vers everything. Continued on page 42 column 2. BOOK REVIEWS. AN I ME D ANNATE by CorradoRicci. Treves. Milano. Illustrated.IN this volume of historical studiesSignor Ricci returns to Bologna, thattheatre of so many highly-coloured anddramatic events, for his characters; andgives us chapters of various types ofadventurers or criminals of past centu- ries for whose movements the city ser- ved as stage.He shows us Ginevra Sforza, B theevil genius of the house of Bentivoglio 11;a natural son of Cesare Borgia; Chri- stina Dudley of the family of the Dukesof Northumberland, married to the Mar- chese Paoletti; her sons and her daugh- ters, and so ona train of surprisingfigures brought vividly before us in thesetting of one of the most vivid andpicturesque cities of the time. Signor Ricci has done much for Bo- logna in his careful studies alike of itspersonalities, its theatres and its burat- tini, and to all who understand Italianwe recommend his books* FA THER NOAH and Other Fanciesby Geoffrey IVhitworth. Chatto &amp; Win- dus 1918.THE author of n The Art of Nijinsky ■has made a nice little play with aLesson in it and I see no harm inthat;... it has some fine moments in it,as that one when, after a silence, thecooing of the dove is heard outside. Ido not really believe William Blakewould have made a better drama fromthe material Mr Pinero would nothave attempted it.... and therein is MrPinero so far above us all.... we Blakes,Keats, Coleridges, Whitworths and thehumble reviewer.... (and what literary.,critic has not tried his hand at a play?).Mr Pinero rejects Noah in the Arkand a lot of water moving outside anda fearful lot of darkness inside; thewhole story and situation he rejects asunfit for Dramatic purposes. Now MrWhit worth and the others jump atthe things the wise craftsman leaves.Why?.... Ask me another!The sooner we learn again fromcraftsmen this job of making plays....writing them or improvising them or abit of each, no matter what, so long aswe follow some guide who has gonebefore, the sooner we shall create goodplays. It is a job and must be learnt....and takes a time to learn.Of the poems in the book I onlyknow I could not have written themmyself.... (and what literary critic hasnot tried his hand at a poem?): itmust be the easiest thing in the worldto write poems;.... how then is it thatsuch a number of indifferent poems getinto print?It's the same trouble as with theplays. Folk will be making versewithout first speaking to a true poet.And true poets are the kindest andwisest of counsellors, always glad togive all they can.I know one Who is, and he did notlive far from Euston Row either whenI knew him.Why not take a bus to EustonRow, Mr Whitworth?.... BLACK AND WHITE MAGIC byE. H. W. M. and Wilfred Blair.B. H. BlacktVell: Oxford. Price3/6 net.A book of verses, many of them re- printed from w Punch w and 11 TheSpectator w. SERBIAN FAIRY TALES, Tran- slated by Madame Elodie L. Mijato'vich: with illustrations by Sidney Stan- ley. IV. Heinemann.THERE are sixteen stories and six- teen illustrations, some of them incolour.Some of the stories are new to us,though all allied more or less directlyto others we already know: and someof them are well worth reading. THE WAY OF MARTHA ANDTHE WA1 OF MARY by StephenGraham. Macmillan. 7/6 net.THE RUSSIAN SCHOOL OFPAINTING by Alexandre Benois.Alfred A. Knopf. New York.THE first book is about the religiousidea of the Russian people, and* touches also upon the Russian Theatre,the Movements of the peoples, theMarket-Place, the Tavern, and manyphases of Russian life.The second book, translated fromthe Russian work by M, Benois, con- tains 32 reproductions of pictures byRussian painters, and a good deal thatis of interest about the schools ofpainting in the place where they mur- der kings and princesses.Frankly, I have no use for those places. INCENSE AND ICONOCLASM.Studies in Literature. Charles LeonardMorse. Putnam. New York•A collection of papers which allappeared in n The Dial n and arededicated to the memory of the Founderof that paper, Francis Fisher Browne.Among the essays we find : SomeHindu Dramas: Goethe ....the OldView and the New: On Comedy:The Intoxication of Words: The Noveland the Play : The Traditions and theNew Age: Literature, Music andMorals: and many others, maintainingthe high standard which we alwaysnoted in the literary essays in n TheDial THE JOLLY DUCHESS, HarriotMellon, by Charles E. Pearce. StanleyPaul and Co•THE book reached us during thosewar days when The Mask did notappear, but, though not one of thelatest books, we recommend it as goodreading, being just what it states itselfon the Title page: A sixty years*gossiping record of Stage and Society(1777 to 1837), and re'ating all theadventures of Miss Harriot Mellon uponthe stage, and as Mrs Coutts, and later - as the Duchess of St Albans.... Quite- amusing.There are forty two illustrations,including portraits of many of theleading players of the period. i \POPULAR AMUSEMENTS byRichard Henry Edwards. AssociationPress : New York.THIS volume, forming No. 8 in theseries of n Studies in American SocialConditions n which " are published inthe interest of a systematic considerationof social questions by groups of citizens n,is divided into four Parts: The Problem' of Popular Amusements: ProposedSolutions of the Problem of PopularAmusements: Suggestions for CommunityAction: and Appendix. It containschapters on the Dramatic Group ofAmusements, ....Serious drama, Melo- drama, Farce, Vaudeville, Motionpictures, etc.; and on every otherspecies of Recreation or Amusementfor the benefit of the People at large.For us just a trifle too tragic.... butsome may like planned - out joy....■ i i mmmammmmmmmmmmammmmmmaamammmmmmammmaoammi — EDITORIAL NOTE. DEMOCRATIC KINGS. «A/irs Ella Wheeler Wilcox, the1VX " American poetess, speakingB to a large gathering at Kingswayn Hall, London, said that since shen had spent six months in France andn Belgium and seen the lives of cons- n titutional monarchs she thought that" King George and King Albert weren as truly democratic as the Presidentnof any Republic n. n Stick to them n.(Applause).NOW we could not possibly disa- gree with Mrs Wilcox the Ame- rican poetess, but our weakness wouldbe to put it the other way round;and so, if we were for paying a com- pliment forwards, we should say of afine President, ...Mr Wilson, for exam- ple... that we think him as truly Royalas any King.