Bruno's Weekly 1 11 September 30th, MCMXV naaq_1915-09-30_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 11 A little romance in your heart, a little invention in Michael Monahan cre 1 Winter's Awakening in the Village 1-2 Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in the Little Thimble 2-3 The Freedom of Separation Rabindranath Tagore cre 3 Toy Shop and Children's Hour 4-5 Disc Concerts on the Square 5 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 5-6 Silhouettes, Romance and War Guido Bruno cre 6-7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 In Our Village 8-9 A Famous Corner in Greenwich Village Illustration 9 Reveries From the Swedish of Fred Fleuron, by Guido Brum cre 10 Books of the Week 10-11 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Sleep Michael Monahan cre 12-13 Dead Peacocks, by Clara Tice Illustration 13 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 14-15 Cats' Eyelids D. Molby cre 15 Tub, Soap and Girl, by Clara Tice Illustration 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 11 SEPTEMBER 30th, MCMXV Vol.l Copyright 1915 by Quido {Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (Continued from last issue) BUNO'S WEEKLY. (to be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. Bruno's Weekly, published by Charles Edison, edited and writtenby Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square, New York C. $1 a year. Michael Monahan A little romance in your heart, a little invention inyour head, a little iron in your purpose—these thingsTvill keep a man in the world as long as it is decent forhim to stay. Winter's Awakening in the Village CLOWLY and with resignation king summer handed over thesceptre to mild autumn. Warm summer afternoons whichtempt one to forget that the 15th of September passed long ago,and to wear once more the straw hat or the white linen suit, arefollowed by chilly evenings with overcoat and protecting shawl.There is not a lovlier place in the city than WashingtonSquare during these late Indian Summer days. It carries thetouch of intimacy which makes dear the boudoir of our belovedone. It has the dignity of a church and the friendliness of aninnkeeper who values us as gladly-sheltered guests. The grassis yellowish green scattered with red leaves. A merciful windhas cut the last threads by which they had hung lifeless tothe branches. The mansions which have dozed all summerbehind drawn shades are awakening to new life. Their ownersare returning and preparing for the winter's stay among us.The signs telling us that there are apartments, rooms or studiosfor rent are vanishing from the quaint-looking dwellings—oncefamily houses and mansions and now the homes of just asmany as there can be rooms partitioned off for. GreenwichVillage is on the morn of its winter season.There is no other community in New York where the popula- tion is so constantly floating and so quickly shifted as inGreenwich Village. You think you know the Square becauseyou lived there last year. And now, returning from your campor from your summer residence or from the suburb where youspent the last months, you come to that house where you stillkeep your studio or where you secured quarters for yourselfand you see new faces. They perhaps moved in yesterday, andthey seem to belong to the place as though they had livedthere for years. They will be gone tomorrow and they won'tleave a trace or a personal impression to tell the story of theirsojourn.And then those men and women on the street in a garb whicharrests your eyes—it might be the flying necktie—of the woman,please—men do not wear any more artists bows. They seem to acquire with the long hair, the neatness also peculiar to thefemale sex—all healthy girls with red cheeks and eyes radiantwith expectancy and enthusiasm—and with bobbed hair. Andsome of them really look like men in their felt hats and man- like cut sack suits: you can see them flocking into Pepe'sreal estate office. Pepe has a monopoly of the artists and literarymen dwelling in Greenwich Village. He knows every cubby- hole high up under the roof of a forgotten factory-building onthe outskirts of the Square, and he also knows how to transformthem into "studios." And ah—what prices does he know tocharge! He sends the new arrivals from the country—artistsand would-be-artists who have saved their pennies for a yearin Greenwich Village on their tiresome road to find a "home."Have you ever been there yourself? A list of addresses inyour hand, wandering from house-door to house-door, lookingat studios or rooms or apartments? No more heart-sickeningand disappointing task is in store for us than this dishearteningsearch for living-quarters. If we like one place, we can't affordto rent it; we stumble against one that just suits us and suitsour pocket-book, we congratulate ourself on our good luck andthen we learn that some other luckier being had not only rentedit an hour ago, but also had left a deposit to substantiate thedeal. And with the first shadows of the dying day our spiritsreach that point below zero where we don't care a rap andwe ring the bell of a house and tell ourself, "If there arequarters that cost so much and so much, I'll take them."And so they settle and are happy and contented, and start outwith enthusiasm, and Greenwich Village once more fills itsmission as it has done for the last one hundred years, sincethat memorable day when Tom Paine hunted for lodging in thedreamy, sunny hamlet, nearly two miles away from theNew York of those days to live here the quiet life of a hermitin the company of Madame Bonville and her two sons. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in theLittle Thimble AS cosmopolitan as Greenwich Village itself—especially inthis year of war, when artists and writers of all countriesdisturbed in their peace flock to America—is the music of"Greenwich Village," the comedy in three acts, which will openCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre as a playhouse. Theyare memories and recollections of the folk-songs of northernand of southern Europe. And then there is "Greenwich Vil- lage," the chorus which contains all that which made Viennesemusic the destroyer of worry and of trouble, and there are re- collections of the sentimentality of the Pole, there is a bit ofthe frivolity of the Frenchman but all woven through with thatbinding and re-creating cement which is the American char- acteristic: energy, endurance, joy of life and strength andhealth rather than blase morbidness.The play is a picture of that picturesque mosaic whichmakes Greenwich Village. The music carries one idea—the love of life, of real life with all its wonders and with all its beauty.Songs by American composers are one of the features ofthe performance on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, sung byMiss Maclntyre. Miss Maclntyre's voice, which resembles achoir-boys voice in its exquisite purity of tone, is a lyric soprano.The young singer is not yet twenty and came recently to NewYork to complete her vocal studies. Her aim is to become anopera singer. On Thursday she will appear for the first timebefore an audience.Among the American composers who submitted their worksrecently to Mr. Charles Edison is Richard E. Myers, of Chicago.Two of his songs, "Early in the Day," words by RabindranathTagore, and"The Sky is up Above the Roof," after PaulVerlaine, by Ernest Dowson, will be heard Thursday for thefirst time in the Thimble Theatre.One of the features of the program for last week was theintroduction of American singers who have sung for the Dia- mond Disc. To know something about the life and the workof those Americans who make their way as grand opera singersin spite of their American birth—it is rather damaging for thecareer of a singer in America to acknowledge that he is Americanand that he never has taken advantage of the opportunitiesEurope offers for vocal education—should be essential for thosewho take real interest in the development of American music.A selection from the repertoire of Miss Christine Milleranteceded by a biographical introduction and some interestingnotes on her life will complete the program. The Freedom of Separation By Rabindranath Tagore Y°y. took me by the hand and drew me to your side,Made me sit on the high seat before all men,Till I became timid, unable to stir, and walk my own way,Doubting and debating at each stepLest I should tread on the smallest thorn of your disfavor.I am freed at last!The blow has come, the drum of insult sounded,My seat laid low in the dust.The road is open before me.The call of the sky has reached my wings.I go to join the ranks of the shooting stars of midnight,To plunge into the profound obscure.I am like the storm-driven cloud of summerThat cast off its_ crown of the sunset goldAnd hung the jewel of thunder on its lightning chain.In desperate joy I rush on along the dusty path of the despisedTowards the final honor of your acceptance.The child finds its mother when it leaves her womb.When I am parted from you, thrown out of your environment;I am free to see your face.London Nation, via Reedy's Mirror, St. Louis. Toy Shop and Children's Hour QUIETLY went off the Children's Hour on Washington Squarelast Saturday afternoon. Hundreds of boys were danc- ing and playing and merry, just like any other day whose after- noon is set aside for the Children's entertainment by CharlesEdison. Somehow, a few boys had learned of the gifts theywere to receive on this coming Wednesday from that "Austrian"who sent his greetings to"the Italian lads and lasses" of Green- wich Village with a few boxes filled with toys.Dear reader, if you have tots of your own you know whatit means to have them ask—oh, so many unanswerable questionsabout the gifts promised to them, and if not, think back tothose anxious moments you spent yourself in the first yearsof your life behind locked doors of the chamber where yourbirthday gifts were being laid out for you.The social workers had to reveal to them where the boxeswere being kept and then the music lost its lure and theygathered about their "teachers," as they call them, and askedquestions. "And how big are the boxes?"—and "Will everybodyreceive a gift?" and "Are they real guns so we can shoot, andrifles so we can play soldier ?" and hundreds of other questions.Air. Charles Edison felt pity for the desire of the little onesand he did not know what he was doing at the time he decidedto distribute one of the boxes filled with the longed-for toys.Who says a volunteer army is not equivalent to trained profes- sional soldiers? You should have seen the boys line up andgather in close formation and attack that poor box and thestill poorer bearers who had such excellent plans how to passout the toys and who had to do some rapid thinking and chang- ing of plans in order to master the situation. The two good- natured blue-coats kept the anxious boys and girls in respectfuldistance until the box was opened and teddy-bears, soldiers,helmets, guns, pistols, rifles, rubber balls, dolls and doll car- riages were laid out about the box on the sidewalk.Who said that women haven't got their rights and that itis up to our countemporaries to grant them? Surely the girlsdown on Washington Square knew how to take care of them- selves to get what they wanted. There were not half enoughtoys to give one to each child; not to interfere with the ar- rangements for Wednesday, the second big box was not broughtinto action. To see the crestfallen faces of those who had notbeen lucky enough to get their share was too much for Mr.Edison. He sent to a near-by factory for huge boxes of candyof varied descriptions and soon the grief of many sad faces hadvanished.Wednesday afternoon at 3:30, after the program of Children'sHour is concluded the rest of the gifts will be distributed amongthose who had to go home empty-handed last Saturday.Arrangements are being made with the Park Department tocontinue the Children's Hour in the winter months. It is justthen, when the weather conditions do not permit them to beout-of-doors playing on the cold ground in insufficient clothing, that the healthy exercises under the supervision of trainedteachers wil prove not only an entertainment for the childrenbut also of value to keep them in good physical shape. Mr.Edison hopes to complete his arrangements in the near futureand to co-operate with the various schools in Greenwich Vil- lage. Disc Concerts on the Square Disc Concerts on the Square have developed to be regularpromenade concerts since the cold weather started.The idea of a promenade concert—especially on a square asours—will be appreciated not only by the immediate beneficiaries,the inhabitants of little Italy back of the Square, but also by allthose who have to leave their abode every evening in order to taketheir dinner in one of the near-by restaurants or hotels.The program for this Friday comprises, outside of band music,a selection from Wagner compositions. It is not unlikely thatthe Park Department will sanction the continuation of the DiscConcerts as promenade concerts during the coming fall months.In the meantime, the Tuesday and Friday evening concerts on theSquare will be continued. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska Paris, September Ist, 1915 THIS last month the capitol has been full of men who havebeen allowed four days' leave fromr the front. Thestations are packed with dense groups of them, really patheticin their faded, dusty, tattered, once light-blue overcoats they callcapotes, leaning on heavy sticks, laden with clumsy haversacks,and truly like men who have been through a hard and longcampaign. By their side spotless Tommy looks like an amateurdressed rather for the stage than a flesh and blood fight.In the streets you meet them with their wives leaning on theirarms, their children choking with questions, and generallyseeming happy enough. But some of these sudden returns tothe domestic hearth are dramatic, and many an Enoch Arden—so it is said—has gone back to his trench by the next train.It is, indeed, a question whether this measure was well-inspired,for a snack of the home and relatives, of Paris and the normallife, makes the return to service very much more difficultto bear than the prolonged and uninterrupted sojourn among the"comrades" in circumstances which all share and to whichcustom has hardened them. Fortunately scenes of revelry anddrunkenness have been prevented by the wholesale prohibitionof the sale of intoxicants to soldiers.Another event has been the request of the State to the popu- lation to bring privately hoarded gold to the national bank.The appeal has met with a response which is a new creditto the country's patriotism, considering the attachment of the French to their concrete savings. Some peasants have certainlynot been able to induce themselves to part entirely with theirstores, and I know an anecodote about an old lady whom herrelatives could not succeed in influencing to exchange her sus- pected treasure, and who was therefore pleadingly addressedin this fashion: "But, Grandmamma, you should give someof your gdld at least, for you must have quite twenty thousandfrancs of it hidden somewhere." "Not twenty," answered she,"twenty-nine thousand," complacently and determinedly foldingher hands in her lap as much as to indicate that no persuasioncould unclasp them.Among the poets, artists and literary men who put theirservices to the disposal of France at the outbreak of thewar, is Louis Thomas who has just been promoted to the rank oflieutenant in the army and noted and rewarded for distinguishedservice. His Les Flutes Vaines and Les Cris du Solitaire arewidely reviewed and read.A new edition of Charles Peguy's La Tapisserie de SainteGenevieve et de Jeanne d' Arc and sonnets, has reached alsoanother edition after the death of the poet on the battlefield.Among those who have died in the trenches during the lastmonths are Jean Marc Bernard, poet and critic, and the painter,Daniel de Losques; severely wounded, in the field-hospital,is Boussaingault, the painter. Excerpt from a letter to the "Egoist/' London. Silhouettes, Romance and War Guido Bruno gHADOW pictures are coming into vogue in Europe andespecially the artists in the trenches are favoring the oldestway of drawing as a welcome pastime. The silhouette, supposedto be the oldest and first attempt of man to draw a picture ofman, played always an important part among the romantic fea- tures of war time. It was Dibutade, a Grecian maid, thousandsof years before Christ, who drew the first silhouette of her lover,Kleophantes. He had come to say good-bye. It was evening,and at the dawn of the next day he was to march with theother soldiers, who were going to fight on the boundaries oftheir country. Her father was a potter. A potter in those dayswas an artist, and his pottery the expression of his art. The oiltorch was flickering away in its receptacle on the wall. Thegirl, closely nestled to her lover in the last embrace of her fare- well, saw the shadow of the outline of his features on the oppo- site wall. "Don't move," she said. Hurriedly she went for apiece of charcoal and traced his shadow with black lines. Andwhile her sweetheart left her behind, following the call of hiscountry, she retained his likeness on the wall. Pliny claims thefirst shadow picture was drawn by the Egyptian, Gyges, as a self- portrait in the reflection of his camp fire. But DibutadeI's storyis more romantic, and therefore more appealing to us, and there- fore also more probable. Carlos Tips, the German artist, sent impressions from thetrenches and from his experiences as scout home to his friends, and in quick succession others took up the antiquated and gentleart of drawing silhouettes.I am reproducing two of his striking pictures which appearedrecently in Universum (Germany). The one is called "TheWatch," the other "The Red of the Dawn." In Our Village JJRUNO' S GARRET will open its season on Saturday,the 2nd of October, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Itis one year since I came to Greenwich Village, on the date.And I will tell all those who are present interesting bitsof my pilgrimage and my sojourn and the people who havecome and gone during this year. It will be the passingshow of one year in Greenwich Village.There will be an exhibition of the curtains Clara Ticedesigned and painted for Charles Edison's Little ThimbleTheatre and a show of her peacocks and butterflies whichled to the final combination of the design.You are invited to come. My space is very limited, there- fore, drop me a line if you think your time will* permit youto be present. The curtains and drawings of Clara Ticewill be on exhibition until the sth of October and will befollowed by drawings and paintings by German and Frenchartists in the trenches.The poetry readings will be, as last year, every Saturdayafternoon at 3 o'clock.Among the new arrivals in the village and most likely creatorsof new social centres of the coming season are Miss Coons andMrs. Pendleton. Mrs. Pendleton, known for quite a whileas a poetess, and her friend have opened on Eighth street, rightaround the corner from Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre,a tea-room. They call it the "Candle-stick Tea-room." In fact,it is a little doll-house in pale blue and orange, with a lot ofdoilies and candle-sticks and many-colored candles on the tables.Everything is so dainty and delicate and clean and neat, I hardlydared to sit down and make use of those things which seemedtoo nice to be abused through real use.Mrs. Heloise Haynes, last year's cherished neighbor of mygarret, will return from her summer home in Scituate, Mass.,to open somewhere in our midst a shop of some kind or another.Her plans are being kept secret. No matter what it is she isplanning, it surely will be picturesque.Talking about picturesqueness—Mrs. Francis Thompson movedinto one of the small houses next to my garret, on Thompsonstreet, formerly Amity street. She will operate here an ex- change for works of art, products of the Village.Robert McQuinn left the Square after his permanent resi- dence in Mrs. Case's (the famous Mrs. Case, directrix of theonly parrot hospital in the United States), and took a largerstudio on West Ninth street, near Fifth avenue. Mr. McQuinn,who designed last year the scenery to "Watch Your Step" and helped Mr. Dillingham to a complete Broadway success, had novacation at all, doing exclusively work on the new Dillinghamproductions.Mr. Anton Hellmann believes that the smallest room can bemade just as attractive as a whole mansion and he is establishinga unique practice as an interior decorator. He transformsmansards and alcove rooms, as well as entire buildings orstables or garrets into ideal workshops for all those who callhim into consultation after they have rented their new quarters.He is also again conducting his small classes in interiordecoration in his studio at the Benedick, 80 WashingtonSquare. A Famous Corner in Greenwich Village Reveries From the Swedish of Fred Fleuron, by Guido Brum Bird and Man A LITTLE robin took quarters in a hedge on the outskirts ofthe park, right next to the sidewalk.That's what I call confidence.The bush is open on all sides and is half naked yet,—onlythe skeleton of the green parasol to be.From far away his nest can be distinctly seen; the hemi- sphere of straw, pressed into the fork branches, shines in thesun and tells how new it is.Passerby, I look at it:Yes, the bird is in there. He puts his head under his wingand makes himself as small as he can—he is afraid. ...."No, he passed by! He surely did not see me!"What a heart-refreshing confidence! . . . confidence inthe thorns of the bush that shelters him. ... in MotherNature, who, in not less than a week, will have ready for himthe green hiding place.In humanity ?Never! Sic Transit Gloria Mundi NOT much was left of the old oak.Everything: the branches of its crown and twigs—even thebark—was gone, and left was only the trunk with its stumps ofbranches, naked and uncanny, staring high up into the air,—atestimony to the heavens that the young forest had stolen thelife of the oak.But once, a long time ago. . . .Yes, long ago the oak was reaching after passing clouds.Ravens built their nests in its broad crown and thousands ofplants and smaller vegetation grew out from between its roots.Generation after generation played at the feet of the oak, cuthearts and initials in its hardened bark and met under its shelter- ing green roof to declare love and exchange sweet secrets.. . . And, today, not even a sparrow would take a short reston the dried, dead trunk.That's what they call in the forest: forgotten. Books of the Week The Passport "A Challenge to the Edisons," calls Mitchell Kennerley EmileVoute's The Passport, his latest publication, in an advertisementcirculated among book-buyers."The greatest fame and fortune of the world awaits the in- ventor who can end war. But until The Passport appearedno one seems to have pointed out that war can only be endedby discovering some agent that will overcome force withoutkilling. Such a discovery has here been worked out in fiction—which means that it may actually be discovered any day." Record No. 33 The introduction of the phonograph into modern fiction isa feature of the plot of Ida Clyde Clarke's "Record No. 33,"published last week by D. Appleton &amp; Co., in New York. Ifthe author had been satisfied to write a short story, she wouldhave saved herself a lot of time and paper and the reader thenecessity of wading through a lot of incidents which are notvery clear and logical and which have nothing whatever to dowith the story itself. The rather lengthy account of the arrivalof the mail order catalog in Merryville, and the discussions, warcouncils, and the endless chain of changes of mind are sovivid and humorous that we cannot but feel reconciled to themany thumbed pages.It is the story of a lonely girl and the part a phonographrecord plays in her life. Born in Louisiana, Amelie Trent isobliged to make her home in the little Kentucky town ofMerryville. Never once in all her life has she been able to doas she herself wished, and even the French, of which she hasbeen so fond and proud, is slipping away from her. So shesends to New York for a lktle machine whose records give acourse of French lessons, and is delighted with the melodiousvoice of the French professor whose words are reproduced.Presently she places "Record No. 33" on the machine—andhears something very unlike the formal phrases she expected.Again and again she listens to sentences which express her ownfeelings, and at last decides to go to New York in search ofthe professor who made the record. No sooner has she arrivedthere than she finds herself mixed up in a mysterious case oftheft; then she discovers not only her French professor, butthe other portion of an old romance, half of which she knew. Hersey's Poems Harold Hersey published another little volume of his poetryin an edition of 200 copies. He calls the selection simply"Poems." He creates his own world and his opinion is hisworld. _ He is a happy dreamer and dreams right among us, inour midst, in the hustle-bustle of the busy life of the city inwhich he lives. How do you like this one, the last of thevolume ?My Love's lifeBeats in the voidWith featherless wing;Dead heart, dead strife ....'Tis utter devoidOf voice to sing. Sleep By Michael Monahan "JJLESSED be the man that invented sleep," says the wiseSancho. All great brain-workers have been good sleepersand long sleepers, nothing serving like sleep to restore thedelicate tissues of the brain, worn thin by mental effort. Therehave been exceptions, but they were not long livers.Mr. Edison, though as great a man as need be cited, holdsa contrary view; four hours, he thinks, being enough for sleep.The authorities are against Mr. Edison, as regards the reallyfirst-class thinkers of the world. That the great inventor ishimself an exception goes merely to prove the rule.The list of good sleepers among literary men is fortifying."Health is the first Muse," says Emerson; and sound sleep is thefirst mark of the healthy man. One cannot but figure Rabelaisas a great lusty sleeper like his own Gargantua. A giantrequires a giant's sleep and one must have slept well to haveearned the privilege of keeping the world awake during severalcenturies. Insomnia was unheard of in the immortal Abbey ofThelema.Montaigne was a luxurious sleeper, and spent more hours inhis bed than in his famous tower. His essays have lasted thebetter for it. Herein his great time-fellow, Shakespeare, agreedwith him—who has written so beautifully of nature's chief boontoman?Sleep that knits up the ravelled sleave of care.Is not this the very finest thing that ever was said on thesubject?—a favorite subject, too, with the great bard. Tainesays somewhere that Shakespeare's mighty genius was con- ditioned by a full health unknown in our later day, that hassometimes regarded genius as a symptom of disease. We can besure, at least, that the brain that created "Hamlet" and "Lear"was wont to sleep sound and well, else it had failed under its tremendous labor long before fifty.The extremely long life and the astonishing literary pro- ductiveness of Voltaire were looked upon by many pious peopleof the Eighteenth Century as a special manifestation of thepower of the Devil. This notion is not yet wholly abandoned.Morley thinks that had Voltaire died at fifty, he would haveleft no enduring name, his best work having been done afterthat age. We see now that it was sleep and moderation inall things which preserved Voltaire—not the Devil. He wouldremain in bed for weeks at a time—not ill, but resting andrecuperating. Mark Twain has taken a hint from the greatFrenchman, and shown us how"To husband out life's taper at the close,And keep the name from wasting by repose."Goethe, who ranks as the greatest creative mind sinceShakespeare, and who to short-lived men seemed to rival thegods in his age and beauty and power—owed much to sleep*Fourteen hours was his regular tale, and it so preserved thevigor of his mind that a full half-century divided the firstfrom the second "Faust." In his old age, as Heine tells us,he looked like Jupiter, and surely his unusual span of life—peaceful, creative, beneficient—had much that was divine aboutit. In his passions, too, he greatly resembled the old pagangods—but I must not stray from my theme.Balzac slept badly, and giant as he was, to this fact mustbe attributed his premature break-down. He had a theorythat the creative faculties deteriorate under much sleep, andso he worked at night, stimulating himself with the strongestcoffee, and ordinarily slept but a few hours in the day-time.Gautier tells us how his stentorious breathing sounded throughthe house like that of some wounded animal. Had Balzacmore wisely regulated his sleep and taken the rest his enormouslabors needed, he would perhaps have lived to finish his "HumanComedy."To some extent, Dickens had the same unfortunate habit ofburning the candle at both ends. Though he commonly did hisstint in the cheerful day, his brain became abnormally activeunder the spur of creative effort and often drove him forth toprowl about London the long night through. On this account, wehave some wonderful sketches of London in the dark hours—but they scarcely make up for the fact that Dickens died undersixty. Dead Peacocks, by Clara Tice Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno "And so I decided to start a new life. Fate put me in afeathered nest and put golden chains around my hands. I willdestroy to-night what my birth gave me and I, myself, willgive birth to my new life. And I want you to help me do it.We were at a reception to-night. I bade father and mothergood-night. They thought I was going upstairs to retire. No- body saw me slip out of the house. I didn't dare to go to myroom to change my clothes for fear of being detected. Ihad packed my satchel in the afternoon and placed it securelyunder the hall tree."Therefore, I want you to keep me safely in a place whereI can hide for about eight days, during which time, I willtransform myself into a working girl that won't be any dif- ferent from any other girl that earns her living. I will geta position and I have also my definite plans about my futurevocation. All I am concerned about at present is to avoidbeing detected and brought back to my home. You will under- stand easily why I don't want you to see my face or knowmy name. My disappearance from my home will be noticedin the morning. At first they will try to locate me quietly.They naturally will not succeed. So they will have to turn tothe police and it won't be long until the papers will be filledwith the mysterious disappearance of one of New York'sheiresses. If you never saw my face and I didn't tell you myname, you can never be blamed and can even declare on oaththat you didn't know me, and never saw me. Now tell meagain that you will have the courage to help me. You don'twant me to mention money but I have all my jewelry with mewhich is at least twenty-five thousand dollars worth, and Itook it from home just for the one purpose, to give it to theman who is going to help me create my new life. Will yoube this man ?"I reassured her and then I said, "I will have a cup of coffeeand then I am going to leave you. You'll have to makeyourself comfortable as well as you can. Did you leave a mes- sage for your parents? They will be terribly frightened in themorning when they discover your absence. Did you think ofthat ?"She said she had left a note explaining what she had in- tended to do and I believe she was sincere in her regret tocause me all that trouble. But she seemed mightily relievedto know that I would leave her sole mistress of the apartmentfor the remainder of the night. I drank a cup of coffee, showedlier to her bedroom, instructed her to let the water run foru while if she wanted a cold drink, and made myself ready toleave. "Now, if you'll give me twenty-five cents, I shall send youup some breakfast to-morrow morning. I wish I could extendreal hospitality to you but I told you, I haven't got a pennyto my name, and so you'll have to pay your own board."We shook hands, I left the apartment.I had lied when I said I would put up with a friend. I hada lot of acquaintances but was not intimate enough with any- body to bring him out of bed at two o'clock in the morningand ask for a night's lodging. And so I strolled down towardsWashington Square, picked out a bench far away from theelectric light, in a dark corner, and settled myself comfort- ably for the night.The poor thing! I thought. How plucky she is. And howcrazy. And I always thought of her hands and I wonderedif she was asleep or pondering over the future problems ofher life. I believed she was asleep. She was conscious ofdoing the right thing. She evidently was sure she had solvedthe problem of her life, earning their own living! Just tothink if they could realize their dreams as quickly and happilyas that little fool that was sleeping in my bed. Cats' Eyelids By D. Molby THE most important feature of a cat's face for purposes ofexpression is his eyes. The eyes themselves stay practi- cally the same all the time, so if he wants to make any changehe has to do it with the lids. By this simple means he can producevarious shades of expression so that people can tell what hisattitude is and what he thinks of the way they are treating himat the particular time. Ordinarily the cat, whether lying bythe fireside or basking on the door-step or just walking along,has a dreamy expression in his eyes. He appears always to bethinking over some trouble and to want to be let alone. Hedoesn't know whether he will be or not. When anybody comesaround and he sees them looking at him, he keeps still and putson a look of meekness and deference to show that he wants tostay, but if necessary he will go away.This look is made just with his eyelids. He raises thema little, then lowers them slowly down almost as far as they willgo. He makes them tremble a few times there and then letsthem up to approximately their regular place. No matter ifthere is something on his conscience, he looks one straight inthe face and squints both eyes the same amount so that hedoesn't arouse any suspicion.The expression of meekness is the one he can give best, becausehe uses it most. But when he wants to look fierce, like whenhe is mad at another cat, he can. He stands up as tall as heis able and opens his eyes wide and his mouth, too.There is no other way he could produce these diverse effectsand if he didn't know how to do it with his eyelids he wouldn'tbe able to produce them at all. Tub, Soap and Girl, by Clara Tice This Week's Performances and ConcertsCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, ManagerDisc Concert on the Square.Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square. Distribution of Toys.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Disc Concert on the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.