Bruno's Weekly 1 4 August 5th, MCMXV naaq_1915-08-05_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 4 The Rebellious Vine Harold Monroe cre 1 Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 1-2 "A Bushel of Fun", says Edison 2-3 The Monday Matinee 3 The world does not accept readily and G. B cre 3 Disc Concerts on Washington Square 4 The Children's Hour 4-5 Woman, Cat, Rhythm, by Clara Tice Illustration 5 The Poet's Fate 6-7 Flies' Feet D. Molby cre 7 All Dolled Up An Aristocrat among the Houses on the Square. Illustration 8 Everybody Welcome! 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 4 AUGUST sth, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 1915 by Qui do I'Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY C^KanHaBESEJK3ffi22raSKEKSi85aSiaBi£ffiaiSSaSJSZ£8KS^^Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, situatedat No. 10 Fifth Ave., Greenwich Village, N.Y. Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Giaido Bruno at58 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly. The Rebellious Vine Harold Monroe. Q NE day, the vineThat clomb on God's own houseCried, "I will not grow,"And,"I will not grow,"And"I will not grow,"And,"I will not grow."So God leaned out his head,And said:''You need not." Then the vineFluttered its leaves, and cried to all the winds:"Oh, have I not permission from the Lord?And may I not begin to cease to grow?"But that wise God had pondered on the vineBefore he made it.And, all the while it laboured not to grow,It grew; it grew;And all the time God knew. Edison's Little Thimble Theatre ■THERE is nothing startling and unusual about it. No luxur- ious equipment for the audience. No new color schemes,no unexpected effects or revolutionizing stage features, no arch- itecture producing optic illusions on the stage. It is a show- house in the realest sense of the word. A house where somethingis shown. The things which are put on show being the onlyreason for the existence of the house, and its main and solefeature.Only with_ physical comfort is the human mind susceptible tonew impressions, ready to listen, to like or to dislike, to approveof or to reject. An unprejudiced mind must be housed in a com- fortable-feeling, self-unconscious body. Therefore, comfortablearm-chairs are provided with plenty of room to the right and tothe left to enable one to change one's position easily, and plentyof space between rows so that the legs do not feel stepmotherlytreated.The stage is simple. Just an elevation, with no other purposethan to expose the performers conspicuously to everybodypresent.Acting, music, singing and recitation are good as the result ofbeing themselves. Therefore, stage settings of more or less con- spicuous designs, decorations of all kinds, the appliance of thescience of stage lighting are only irritating and distractive to theattention. liHtfMimil JHWIHWHI'M1 II HM lIIHHHWiIIWDHiIIIiIW ililllIHII I'lll lll*ill &gt; II1 I 11 ■ I I'l I .IKIII in I Ml' IP "WIUMI WMiBWMIMIMHIIPI IW HWHHWIMiWI IMMHWHi ft.l'Hl HI l"l .IWlli'^lMiliHitW—lilll W CHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATRE hasno competitive ambitions with professional theatres or show- houses. It has one purpose and one aim: to give the Americancomposer, the American musician, the American playwright andthe American poet, a chance to meet face to face with his supremecritic, an American public.Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre has one mission: tocreate ideas, to give everybody who has something to say, a voice,to throw ideas among the masses. If they are worth while, themasses will take care of them. They will be exploited and viewedand reviewed, reconstructed and remodeled, and improved, andthey will live—live forever.If the ideas are shallow, no echo will resound. They will beburied in oblivion. The highest and the supremest judgment, thejudgment that lasts forever and forever is passed by the masses.The masses are composed of thousands of individuals. Everyindividual has his voice in this court of judgment. Just one in- dividual might tip the balance of all the thousands. To the in- dividual must we speak in order to speak to the masses. Just tothe one who might find in four or six simple lines of rhythm therevelation of the harmony and the rhythm of his own simplelife. "A Bushel of Fun", says Edison ■y HE American showhouses and music halls cannot lend them- * selves to experiments. High prices of admission are beingcharged and therefore only the very best is being given in ex- change, or, something insignificant in a wonderfully bewitchingand most costly garment. There is the grand opera, composedof the most accomplished musicians in the orchestra, of theworld's wonders of human voices, and there is the made-to-order,measured-to-the-body of the Broadway star-musical comedy, inreality but an exponent of the most intricate stage tricks, of theart of the theatrical dressmaker and of human beauty.The composer, the playwright, the musician, have very littleor no chance. The theatrical producer cannot give them achance to get a hearing as long as the playwright's name or themusician's name is not so firmly established that a fiasco wouldbe out of question.The recitals which are taking place every Monday afternoonuntil the opening of the Little Thimble Theatre as a playhouseon the 6th of September, are proving beyond doubt that Mr.Edison's optimism regarding both the auditorium and Americancreators of music and poetry is well founded. The limited seat- ing capacity of the auditorium made it necessary on last Mondayto turn away hundreds of men and women eager to listen to thework of an unknown composer."Surely, all these men and women," said Mr. Edison, standingat the window of the vestibule and looking at the crowds stand- ing patiently in the melting-hot afternoon sun in front of thehouse, after the performance had begun, "were not attracted bythe fact that an admission fee is not being charged. They areall prosperous-looking. They could well afford to buy an or- chestra seat to a Broadway matinee. Is it curiosity that bringsthem down here ? Maybe. But look! I distinctly remembersome of the faces were here before. Now, why do they comeagain? They must have liked it. And all the others, what dothey expect?"What? I think I know why they make a pilgrimage to out- of-the-way Greenwich Village. They feel instinctively that theyare called upon to act as judges, that they will have here a chanceto like or dislike whatever is offered. It is the old story. Togive affords more pleasure than to receive. If a man buys a ticketto a show, he is a party to a contract. He has performed hisshare and he has to go and sit there in his seat to get valuereceived. And after he has taken in the show, no matter if helikes it or not, all points of the agreement have been fulfilled, thecurtain descends upon the last scene and the business is over. Ifhe comes down to the Little Thimble Theatre, he and those whoseworks he hears have equal chances. Right here they will ex- change values. The artists will give their best. They value it astheir privilege to offer it, and he, the listener, is the judge. Herenders to them a service. His acceptance or rejection maymean a turning-point in their lives. And while this all is reallyserious business, he passes a few pleasant hours. And we allhave a bushel of fun." The Monday Matinee N Monday, the 9th of August, Miss Helen Desmond, a youngAmerican pianist and composer, will play a selection ofher favorite masters. She studied in Chicago and her highestaim and ambition is to render the creations of Liszt, of Bach, ofSchumann, of Beethoven and of Mozart just as they were com- posed. She abstains from any effort of personal interpretation.Her playing is simple and is an expression of the humble admira- tion of the disciple of the beloved master.MISS ELIZABETH RUBB, who will sing songs by American*** composers, is an American girl who has had since her earlyyouth a hard struggle for her life and for her art. The financialquestion is a cruel factor in the life of an artist—especially inthe life of a woman gifted with a voice and full of ambition tofollow her vocation. Miss Rubb earns her livelihood as a mil- liner. While following her daily task of combining color andmaterial to a harmonious creation, her mind is occupied withmelodies and scales, and the work of her hands does not seemto be badly influenced by her thoughts. G. B. The world does not accept readily andwith open arms prophets of a new creed andapostles of a new art.We want to discover great men after theirdeath. Disc Concerts on Washington Square gEFORE representatives of the Park Commission and severalhundred people who assembled in no time on WashingtonSquare, the first and trial concert given by an Edison DiamondDisc—especially constructed for the occasion—took place on lastFriday and was a wonderful success. Notwithstanding thenoisy hustle-bustle of the passing street cars and of elevatedtiains, the selection of music could be heard distinctly as far asan orchestra could reach, and the quality of the tone was won- derfully distinct. Especially the solos from Verdi's operas inthe Italian language aroused enthusiasm among the many listen- ers from Little Italy, back of our Square, who called again andagain for encores.Hundreds of people await their turns on sunny afternoons toconquer a seat on top of a bus for the cooling ride. They haveto stand and wait on the Square for a good long while, and Mr.Edison wishes them, too, to be participants in his concerts. Heis working at present on a sound-increasing attachment whichwill carry the tones from the Diamond Disc in unspoiled qualityto their ears. The attachment will be used at the next concert, onFriday afternoon. The Children's Hour WASHINGTON SQUARE is the Dorado of the manyhundred children of the tenement houses back of Wash- ington Square and the zig-zag streets which are harmoniouslybut geometrically very inaccurately grouped around the Square.Here they come and mingle with their more fortunate contem- poraries, who chose their parents in the apartment houses andolq stone mansions on the Square and lower Fifth avenue.Happy children!—they do not know yet the meaning of this all- potential word, money. All-potential? Surely, it is not. Noton the Square. In the afternoon, when the governesses are sit- ting on the benches and chatting with the mothers who comefor a breath of fresh air after they have finished their housework.And the hurdy-gurdy is playing on the sidewalk and the littlemiss in her immaculate frock is swaying to the rhythm with araggy&gt; picturesque son of sunny Italy as a dancing partner. Towatch those little tots! _ How deliriously unceremoniously theyget acquainted—how patiently the little one after whose great- grandfather a street of New York was named, is listening to thefirst attempts to speak English of the boy who is designated tobe the ancestor of Americans! Tears are quickly dried. Heart- sobbing unhappiness over one of the many tragedies in the every- day life of children is quickly forgotten: dolls—almost reallittle babies—and those cheap things bought in ten-cent stores,which just now are tenderly fondled are thrown on the grassor on the hard bench, if the tunes of the hurdy-gurdy are near- ing. But the grind-organ men seem to be on the dying-out list.Or, perhaps, licenses are not granted any more so freely. Well,grown-ups often think about them quite differently than the littleones playing on the street. At any rate, it is an event if hearrives on the Square. Mr. Edison will be the musicman for the children of Green- wich Village. A childrens' hour on a few afternoons each weekwill bring them music and dancing, real joy and merriment. Nearthe arch, around the fountain, facing the west, are childrens'playgrounds closed to the traffic. Under the supervision of com- petent teachers and women who volunteer their services aschaperones and dames de garde dances will be arranged. TheEdison Disc will furnish the music and the little boys and girlswill have a chance to get acquainted with dancing etiquette. Theboys will be shown how to ask a 'lady' for a dance; they willhave to bow nicely, offer their arms for the promenade; they willbe taught what to do with their hands—but all this will be justa little instructive side issue. The main thing will be to awakenin them the slumbering rhythm and the desire to express it asgracefully as they know how. And the mothers and governesseson the benches will feel it, too. And a good many will wish thatthey, too, could follow their instincts and enter upon the dancingground to forget—even if only for a while—all those worries andduties of the day, that iron routine of their lives.On Wednesday, the 11th of August, in the afternoon at 2.30will be the first childrens' hour on Washington Square. If youare in the neighborhood, drop around. It will do your eyes goodto see the little ones. Ah! so care-free—just life and love andrhythm. Woman, Cat, Rhythm, by Clara Tice The Poet's Fate The author of the following story drifted into my garretsome nights ago. He is an old man. He wrote several books.His Poetry appears occasionally in the New York Times, theCosmopolitan, Everybody's and other highly proper and esteemedHe does not blame the world for his precariouscondition&gt; He does not mind to sleep on park benches and,in hall-ways. But he prefers the comfort of a lodging house.He is Quite satisfied to be a pauper, to be homeless, alwayslooking for one dollar—for just one dollar. If he succeedsin getting hold of one dollar he is happy like a child enjoyinga box of candy, knowing the 'tummy-ache' must come. Heknows the dollar will be foolishly spent and gone—and h£will look for another dollar. And in the meantime he will talkabout the most beautiful things in life. . .And he and you andI, we all will forget that he has no home, that his clothes iareragged, his hair uncombed and his face unshaven, that he idout to get one dollar He is a poet.■THE poet is cold, the poet is starving. Night is falling upon* the great city and having nowhere else to go he seatshimself at last upon a bench in the park and warms himselfwith his verses. They are both food and shelter to him. Hedreams with half-shut eyes of verses splendid as new goldencoins, the product of himself and other bards. They are notall sweet—sometimes the wood is bitter like the sad wind thatblows across an autumn sky. How he shivers as he recalls thebeautiful melody of a dear dead friend of long ago! Was shewriting about him?"Warm yourself with the days that were,Follow the summer, beg of herBut never sadden us jongleurJongleur, go down the dark!"He cannot get any further than this. He is _ living _ it.The lines picture his whole soul; his life for the time being;The poet, and the harsh cold wind. "Warm yourself with thedays that were." He pulls his shabby coat-collar up about himand relapses into memory. He remembers and dreams of otherpoets who have been even as he is now. He thinks of Villonskulking in the dark ways of medieval Paris, homeless andwithout a crust. And yet Villon, prince of poets that he waswould seldom starve with the grace that his brethren of thecraft have always worn in adversity. His dagger was out tahit too swiftly if any good plunder offered. How did he endat last? Was it the gibbet?—this prince of poets—who knows?At the age of 32 he disappears into the night of time, as com- pletely as though the earth swallowed him up. The poet dreamson:—of Francis Thompson under the cold archways of LondonBridge, taking his last drop of opium before he lay down forthe night:—of Sadakichi, houseless and disconsolate, dreamingof suicide at 23, sitting in Union Square at midnight:—of the poor tramp in far-off Australia, nameless poet, he who sat withhis back against a tree and sang his last song; the song of theopen road, in the weird hours of the night, and was founddead the next morning. Truly he had sung his soul out andwas still. The poet dreams on:"He walks in Broadway, to and froWith the saturnine ghost of Edgar Poe"as Vance Thompson once said. And so he comes down toevery-day associates, friends, brother-poets. Slack! nearly allof them as poor as he. What a trade it is! Pah! to dream,and to write golden verses! If you could only tear off a sonnetas Quentin Durward twisted a link from his gold chain in pay- ment for a good dinner, it might be all. But oh! the game!What "the law's delay, the insolence of office" to"the post'sdelay, the insolence of editors." Yes, that was always easyenough. He was sharing this boon to-night with the sparrowsand the squirrels. For spring had not come yet, and "times werehard" in the animal world as in his own. What could he noteat if he only had the price! A plate of beans would be abanquet.And yet he knew it was futile. All day since noon he hadtried to raise the price of a meal, but the very stars had foughtagainst him in the courses—one disappointment after another.So into the last he has come. No, not last—he shuddered—therewas one remoir more, only one—six feet of earth, the commondowry since Adam. Flies' Feet D. Molby *J*HERE is hardly another creature that can get about withthe facility that the fly can. Ke can walk on the bot- tom side of anything just as well as on the top, and walkpretty fast, too. And he can walk right up the side of smoothglass without any danger.It is not strange that his feet should stick so he can do it,for they don't have to stick much. Still, it is enough thatwhen he is walking on one's face, the foot tends to pull off9a little patch of skin and makes it tickle.The strange thing is that he can let go so easily. If he seessomething getting ready to hit him, he can get away in abouta tenth of a second. And, all in this short time, the mes- sage must go from his eyes to his brain, be interpreted, andthe order sent to his wings to fly and the order sent to hisfeet to jump. The wonder is that when he jumps the extrapressure on his feet does not stick them the closer so that heshould be hit and killed. All Dolled Up An Aristocrat among the Houses on the Square. Everybody Welcome! Mr. Edison is glad to extend an invitation to his receptions,and later on to his performances, to everybody interested. Alltickets of admission can be had on applying- by letter. The seat- ing capacity is limited to two hundred and fifty seats, and there- fore applicants who cannot be accomodated for the asked-for per- formance will be taken into consideration, if so desired, in thefollowing week.