Bruno's Weekly 3 12 September 2nd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-09-02_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 12 Djuna Barnes Illustration 1 The contents include : 1 Verses 3 In the Night 3 In the Morning 3 In the Evening 3 In the Night 3 Stephen Crane: A New York Poet Alfred Ernest Keet cre 3-5 Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 5 American Ptyalism William Gaylord Clark cre 5-6; 8 Four Drawings by I lonka Karasz Illustration 7 London 8-9 And I Shall Rest Diamond Crisp cre 9 Four Mushrooms Alfred Kreymborg cre 9 Culture 9 Swans 9 Luck 9 Veils 9 A Fable 9 To-morrow is a fine gentleman, who makes many 9 From an Old English Chap Book Illustration 9 The Haunted Vine Sadakichi Hartmann cre 10-12 Drawing by Fritz Schnitzler Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 12 The One Who Did Penance Samuel Loveman cre 12-13 Pen and ink sketch by Joseph Pennel, from the original in the possession of J.F. McCarthy Illustration 13 An Awakening Flora H. Wandell cre 13 Why and How I Got Married 14 Long, Long Ago I.S. (Los Angeles, Cal cre 14 Real Love L.M. (Chicago cre 14 A Minister's Daughter V.McD. (New York cre 14 Rather Unconventional For a New England Maiden M.M. (Boston cre 14-15 A Doctor her Hero H.C.M.B. (N. Y cre 15 Two People The Romance of One Night by Guido Bruno 15-17 Fille de Joie Herman S. Gorman cre 17 1 17 2 17 3 17 4 17 5 17 6 17 7 17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Two Stories About Dutchmen from the Boston Gazette for July, 1809 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY 100 Dollars for the Story of Your MarriageEDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents September 2nd, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright by Gutdo Bruao, Sept. 2nd* Ul6. Original matter,including aU drawings, may not bo reproduced without permiwoaof Guide Bruno; but that permiNioa may be assumed if creditit civea to author aad Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage**Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall noduse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the Editor," Bruno's Weekly,SS Washington Square, New York City.Every *week|those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1918, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words.SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 12 SEPTEMBER 2nd, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Co fry right t&lt;yr 6 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter Ij. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written toy GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. Djuna Barnes The contents include :Stephen Crane: A New York Poet, Who Through Starvation Achieved Success—But Too LateAmerican PtyalismHaunted VineGreenwich Village—The Romance of One Night Verses In the Night Grey heavy clouds muffled the valleys,And the peaks looked toward God, alone."O Master, that movest the wind with a finger,"Humble, idle, futile peaks are we."Grant that we may run swiftly across the zvorld,"To huddle in worship at Thy feet " In the Morning A noise of men at work came the clear blue miles,And the little black cities were apparent."O Master, that knowest the wherefore of rain- drops,"Humble, idle, futile peaks are we."Give voice to us, we pray, O Lord,"That we may chant Thy goodness to the sun " In the Evening The far valleys ivere sprinkled with tiny lights.((0 Master,"Thou who knowest the value of kings andswallows,"Thou has made us humble, idle, futile peaks.ffThou only needest eternal patience;"We bow to Thy wisdom, O Lord-—"Humble, idle, futile peaks." In the Night Grey, heavy clouds muff led the valleys,And the peaks looked toward God, alone.Stephen Crane Stephen Crane: A New York Poet Alfred Ernest Keet. Who Through Starvation Achieved Success—but too Late| T is a widely prevalent belief, especially among those* who have never missed a meal in their lives, that theliterary or other artist, to get his best work out of him,must be squeezed, as the perfume is expressed from theflower—that he does his greatest things while starving.No greater—more damnably tragic—mistake could bemade. The writer does his best work when well-fed, com- fortably housed and free from pecuniary worry. Theearly work of most writers—the great Dryden, for ex- ample—is usually inferior, because of the dire necessitythey are under of getting into print—and so into money—as. quickly as possible.It is useless to surmise now as to what killed StephenCrane at so early an age—3o. He was delicate and frag- ile, physically, and it may have been the stress and stormof his early struggles for literary recognition—or it mayhave been his hardships and shipwreck in the Cuban cam- paign as war-correspondent.The son of a clergyman, Stephen Crane was born inNewark, N. J., in 1870, and educated at Lafayette Col- lege and Syracuse University. When only 16 he cor- responded, from out-of-town, with New York papers. In 1892 he came to New York experiencing rebuff afterrebuff on Park Row. Later he wrote special articles andshort stories for the Sunday papers and Irving syndicate, meantime reading omnivorously and acquiringa style."I decided," he once said in Leslie's, "that the nearera writer gets to life the greater he becomes as an artist,and most of my prose writings have been toward the goalpartially described by that misunderstood and abusedword, realism. Tolstoi is the writer I admire most ofall." Crane in Bohemia For many years he was a free-lance, living with someartists in a dilapidated building on East 23rd dreaming "blood-red dreams of fame." They slept onthe floor, dined off buns and sardines, and painted ontowels and wrapping paper. It was hopeless, discourag- ing work for a man of Crane's sensibility, and the ironof misery and the world's callous indifference sank deep.It was during this straitened period that he wrote "TheRed Badge of Courage"—"an effort," he says, "born ofpain—despair almost." He Meets Hamlin Garland. He took the first half of his MS. to Hamlin Garland,the other half was"in hock," as he told Mr. Garland, tohis typist for $15—and great was his tribulation! Mr.Garland helped him out to this extent, later bringingCrane to the attention of Mr. W. D. Howells and othersof the discriminating—all men of keen literary dis- cernment.His first book, "Maggie: A Child of the Streets,"(1891) he had to publish himself. It attracted no atten- tion from the reading public. But the "Red Badge"(1894) did, taking*the public fairly by storm. Its fresh- ness, originality, vividness, were a new thing. In Eng- land it had a tremendous success, so in a little while hetook up his residence there, winning an immediate socialvogue and visiting America occasionally. Shipwrecked In 1897 he went as war-correspondent to report theGraeco-Turko War, and then to Cuba to write of Cubanfilibusters. During his Cuban campaign he was wrecked,and his story "The Open Boat" (1898) is a vigorous,vivid description of this awful experience, and in H. G.Wells' opinion, the "crown of all his work." ."That, and'Flanagan,' " he told Wells, "was all I got out of Cuba."The last two years of Crane's life were spent in Sussex,England, and then he went to Baden to his untimelydeath (1900).But his prose work still lives. His "Red Badge ofCourage" yet wields its extraordinary fascination overcountless readers—new and old."I experienced the thrill of the editor as he falls un- expectedly upon the work of a genius," said Mr. Garland."It was as if this youth in some mystic way had securedthe cooperation of the spirit of an officer in the Civil War.How else could one account for his knowledge of war?Sallow, yellow-fingered, small and ugly, I was unaßle to relate him in the slightest degree to the mar- vellous MS. he had placed in my hands." Crane a free-lance During his early free-lance period, which Crane oncespoke of with such loathing, he worked and starved,starved and worked, wandering day and night throughthe East Side, and writing stories that never were printed,singly. They later made a part of "Maggie."He was a student at first-hand of the seamy side oflife, an analyst of life's tragedies among the poor. Hepierced through artificialities to the heart and grim realityof things—-and he was a faithful, vivid reporter of thingsas they were. With extraordinary condensation andclarity he flashes the episodes before you; and his phrasesand paragraphs have all the sudden and startling dis- tinctness of a film picture.His insight, his imaginative and inductive facultieswere nothing short of marvellous—vide his convincinglytrue pictures of battles—of war—"horrid War"—whichhe continued to produce up to his last hour. Amongthese later sketches, acute and vivid, were "The BlackRiders," "War is Kind."He "creates a new fashion in literature," commentedthe Atlantic Monthly, and another authority grouped himwith the Symbolists of France and England.His main theme, however, was the submerged tenth—their "sins, shames, gaities, injustices"—the world ofmisery, of poverty as he limns it in "Maggie" and"George's Mother." His "Red Badge" and "BlackRiders" were thought by some, perhaps too unconventional.There seemed, in these books, a bitter, ironic and despair- ing—even unwholesome—tinge to his philosophy. Buthe later wrote two charming love-stories—"The ThirdViolet" and"In Active Service"—whose setting wasnot so sordid, not so uncheerful.Crane's poems—rhymeless rhythms—like his proseshowed extraordinary imaginative power. He wrotethem down, in beautiful script, rapidly, and in an en- tirely automatic, sub-conscious way, as if transcribingfrom a printed page."I have four or five more standing in a row up here"—he quaintly told Mr. Garland, putting the tip of hisfinger to his right temple—"all they need is to* be drawnoff.""There is a ghost at your shoulder!" was Mr. Gar-half-serious comment. Crane told him furtherthat the first pages of the "Red Badge" had come tohim in this way. He wrote them down as if fromdictation!''The Black Riders" was dedicated to his old friendand benefactor, Hamlin Garland, through whose kindinterest Crane's work secured just and proper recogni- tion, all of which quickly led to material prosperity forthe half-starved "boy"—as he seemed to so many.The following rhymeless rhythm of Crane's was writtenjust before he left America for England: I. There was a man and a woman,! Who sinned.Then did the man heap the punishmentAll upon the head of herAnd went away gaily. II. There was a man and a womanWho sinned.And the man stood with her.As upon her head, so upon his,Fell blow upon blow,And all people screaming "Fooll"He was an iron heart. III. He was a braver heart.Would you speak with him, friend?Well, he is dead,And there went our opportunity.Let it be your grief,That he is dead,And our opportunity gone ;For, in that, you were a coward. A Cuban Picture Here is a sample of Crane's prose. It will be seen howunromantically he viewed life. But he goes as far theother way. His men are men—mere clay; but he laysbare their souls—dissects them as does the surgeon:" . . . . I sat on San Juan hill and watched Lawton'sdivision come up where I could look into the facesof men who were trotting up under fire. There wasn't a high,heroic face among them. They were all men intent on business..They were not of our shallow and preposterous fictions.They stood out in a simply majestic commonplace. It was thebehaviour of men on the street. . . . Each man was justpegging along at the heels of the man before him, who waspegging along at the heels of still another man who— It wasthat in the flat and obvious way. In another way it waspageantry, the pageantry of the accomplishment of naked duty.One cannot speak of it—the spectacle of the common manserenely doing his work, his appointed work. It is the onething in the universe which makes one fling expression to thewinds and be satisfied to simply. feel."In addition to the books already mentioned, Cranewrote "Lines" ('95) ; "The Little Regiment," "TheMonster" ('95), and two posthumous works—a novel"The O'Ruddy," and a sheaf of children's stories. Theauthor of scarce a dozen books when death cut him off,had he lived he might have produced "the great Americannovel."Robert Barr, just before Crane's death, thought himof all living American authors, the only one destined tothis honor. His delicately analytical and, at times, excori-*atingly penetrating social criticism, coupled with his otherbrilliant gifts of style and imagination perhaps well fittedhim for such a magnum opus. But, like Keats, he wascut off before his time.How photographically accurate are some of Crane'scharacterizations. Here are two the Greenwich Villagermust perforce recognize:A boy in Rum A'lley was ''throwing stones at howling urchins.. . . His infantile countenance was livid with fury. Hissmall body was writhing in the delivery of great crimson oaths.His features wore the look of a tiny insane demon." "Down the avenue came boastfully sauntering, a lad of six- teen years, although the chronic sneer of an ideal m?nhoodalready sat upon his lips. His hat was tipped with an air ofchallenge over his eye. Between his teeth a cigar stump tilted at the angle of defiance. He walked with a certain swing ofthe shoulders that appalled the timid."Melancholy and taciturn on an empty stomach, when,at the Garlands, he had had a square-meal, Crane"chortled and sang as he strolled about the room, exactlylike a well-fed hen. At such moments he talked freelyand well, always with precision and original tang."One day when Crane was particularly depressesd—forwith all his strenuosity with his pen he remained ashungry as ever—Hamlin Garland said to him:"You'll be famous in one year or two!""You may be right," Crane replied gloomily, "but it'sno joke now. I'd trade my entire future for $23 incash!"A little later "The Red Badge of Courage" was pub- lished, taking two countries by storm, money rolled inupon the emaciated, hollow-eyed "boy," and he wasin great demand socially.But too late!His earthly task was done.Crane came of long Puritan ancestry, and his NewEngland forbears were writers—of pious and theologicalbooks. He, himself, was a good type of the nervous,quick-thinking, very modern American. He was not muchof a talker. His conversation was vivid—yet quaint—but spasmodic. He was quiet, almost taciturn. Whenhe wrote, in the opinion of some, he used words withlittle regard to their fitness. But in this he seems to meto have been a pioneer—"the first expression of the open- ing mind of a new period"—the progenitor of a newschool of writers; and his impress is still seen in Americanjournalism. His Homeric Characters He had a i/narvellous imaginative power, a rare talentof word-painting, plus unusual clarity and concision; andhis characters with their "Promethean woes and Homericpassions'" stalk like Titans through his pages. They recallvividly to my mind Victor Hugo's "Ninety-Three."Crane himself confessed to Tolstoi's influence, and thishis friend H. G. Wells guessed. But allowing for thisWells thought "there still remained something entirelyoriginal and novel," and that "there is Whistler evenmore than Tolstoi in 'The Red Badge of Courage.' "Edith Wyatt said, felicitously: "Endowed with agenius for direct expression he (Crane) was able in his♦short existence to present a surprising number of pene- trating ascertainments of American life with a high degreeof clarity and power. In his static lines of verse, in thelyric movement of his stories, vibrate unforgettable andauthentic moods of the very nature of our country—thesmell of the wet turf along the shaded house-walls, thepluming maple-tops, the muteness of neighbor and neigh- bor, the scorching breath of injustice, the air of war timememories on cloudy bluff and valley, the wind's willblowing through the soul of youth, death in struggleeverywhere, and the strength of love stronger than death,and the failures and the prides of our mortality."There can be little doubt that as the years roll on, andwe can view his work in its true perspective, the placein literature of Stephen Crane will not by any meansbe a minor one. Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley American Ptyalism By William Gaylord Clark *7 HE"American Ptyalism" was written on November22nd, 1832, and is dated from Communipaw. It wasnever before published. That ptyalism is a chief character- istic of our own day, as well as of seventy-five years ago, iswitnessed by the millions of signs displayed, not only in allour public buildings, on streets, in parks and in places ofamusement, but also in places where the necessity to remindus that it would be bad behavior to expectorate, seems tobe, but evidently is not, superficial, as in restaurants, ineating-places and lunch rooms.Dear reader, don t sniff at this (sniffing, too, is some- how connected with ptyalism, and therefore should beavoided.) Only a small percentage of Americans are inthe habit of eating and assembling in places where themanagement will request you in a closed envelope, whichis placed on a silver salver next to your plate, to abstainfrom bad habits. Look around the walls in your lunchroom, and you will find the ominous sign, "SpittingProhibited" or something to that effect. And becausesuch a sign bears the signature of the Board of Health orof a sanitary commission, it does not lose its real signifi- cance. A fine reflection upon the habits in public and in one's own home is the sign in a lunch rQom in GreenwichVillage:If you spit on the floor at home,Spit on the floor here—We want you to feel at home.Even in the assembly of highly dignified and polishedcircles, ptyalism is the means of the expression of approvaland of rejection.They hiss and whistle in Congress, in the MetropolitanOpera House and in the tabernacle of an evangelist. AndI dare you to whistle without wetting your lips.D IG words, nowadays, are all the rage, and I flattermyself that I have selected a pretty tall one for thisarticle. It stands as the expositor of an alarming epidemicwhich has long prevailed in our well-beloved country;and for which the land is cursed by travelling cockneysand cosmopolitan old women. Ptyalism, gentle reader,is 'the effusion of spittle,' as is worthily illustrated bythat venerable lexicographer, Sam Johnson; the princeof his tribe, and the sometime lion to that jackal, Boswell.This is my theme; it is the evil whereupon I design toexpatiate; and I can say with my motto-maker, that it isone which I have not undertaken out of any wantonpleasure in mine own pen; nor truly without ponderingwith myself beforehand, what censures I might incur; forI know that the object against which the lance of myreprobation is to be tilted, is grievously circumvested withthe affection of habit and the sanctity of time. I meannot to be a sweeping opponent, but a commentator merely.To advocate the ptyalism of this nation would be 'a sintoman/ for an amendment in the custom is most im- periously demanded.Whether the corporeal juices are more abundant in thecitizens of the United States than in the people of othercountries, it is not pertinent just now to inquire. At allevents, they are less regarded; for we are said to be themost notoriously salivating nation on the face of the globe.But the custom is as old as time. We hear of it in thefirst origin of our religion. It was by spittle that theblind man was healed with the lay which our Saviourapplied to his eyes ; and in many countries it has beeninvested with peculiar sanctity. In Scotland, as may belearned from work relating to its popular superstitions,the virtue of spittle has long been held in high estimationby that proverbially neat and thrifty people. Authorshave thrown much light upon this subject. They provethat the properties of the human saliva have enjoyedsingular notice in both sacred and profane history. Plinydevotes an entire chapter in describing its efficacy amongthe ancient pagans, with whom it was esteemed an antidoteto fascination, a preservative against contagion, a coun- teracting influence upon poisons, and a source of strengthin fisticuffs. Some of these uses, the moderns retain.When they fight, they spit in their hands; and they indulgein the same process under the humiliation of defeat. YourIrish or English servant will spit on an eleemosynaryshilling; for he. thinks that it blesses the coin. In thecountry of the former, it is said to be an invariable habitamong the peasant girls, whenever they fling away thecombings of their hair. There is sometimes a dignity, orgrandeur, and sometimes a solemnity, in the custom. Ialways think well of those ladies one meets in romances,when they express themselves in that way. Who has not joined in the feeling of Rebecca and Ivanhoe, when thelustful templar, Brian de Bois-Guilbert, invades her inher tower, to compass Tier dishonor, and when she, stand- ing on the parapet, ready to spring from that lofty heightin the court-yard below, says to the craven knight, witha look of withering contempt: "I spit at thee; I defythee! Thanks to him who reared this dizzy tower sohigh, I fear thee not! Advance one step nearer to myperson, and I will leap, to be crushed out of the veryform of humanity, in the depth beneath!" The readeralmost sees the scornful foam escaping from the curledand beautiful lip of the Jewess, and is himself inclined tosuit his action to the thought. Our ideas of proprietyare derived, to a greater extent than we are aware of,from novels; and if their pages may be relied on, theirheroines (being always encompassed by scoundrels whomthey have much ado to keep at a proper distance) musthave been spitting at their detested supernumerary loversabout half the time. Contempt is well expressed by thataction, and by the word. There is innate disdain in thesaliva itself. It leaves the haughty lip of the offended one,and lies before the contemmed person—perhaps upon hisbeard—like a gage of war, as potent as the glove in thedays of the Crusades.- In his work of England and theEnglish/' the author of Pelham alludes to one Westma- cott, (who seems a common libeller in London,) underthe name of Sneak, in the following expressive phrase:"His soul rots in his profession, and you spit when youhear his name!" Among the various and opposing in- ferences derivable from the custom and the use of theword, one is, that saliva is inherently contemptible; andif so, is it not a noble proceeding to dispossess one's self asmuch as possible of that which is unworthy? Is this anon sequitur?In one of the remote islets of Scotland, spitting in thegrave forms a part of the funeral ceremony. Relationsand friends gather round the narrow mansion of thedeparted, and each one ejects the salivary tribute of sor- rowful remembrance. "Happy," says the old adage, "isthe new grave that the rain rains on;" and in the islandof which I speak, perhaps the saying may be, "Belovedis the dust that we spit upon." Anciently, the subjectof Optics was illustrated only by those who possessedample knowledge in relation to the qualities of saliva.The popular oculist was one who saw,—"or fancied, in his dreaming mood,All the diseases that the spittles know/Even modern opticians, in their discussions upon the eye,have recommended a research of the old schoolmen'stomes, that it may be decided whether any "solvent, sana- tive, or medicament," connected with saliva, and lost tothe oculists of the present day, was not in vogue of yore.But I do not wish to discuss the virtue of that which Iesteem the parent of vice.I look upon tobacco, in all its shapes and varieties, asthe prime cause of the very extensive ptyalism which pre- vails in this nation. It is passing strange that this articleever came to be beloved. It is wonderful, that a weedwhich is in itself, in its original state, acrid and disagree- able, and which contains poison as deadly as the sting ofa scorpion, should have pushed its way into use, until ithas become a matter of traffic in all quarters of the world*I can hardly imagine how it ever spread its magic beyond the wigwam of the Indian, or came to mingle its fumeswith anything but the council-smokes of the aborigines,a the pathless forests of the west. It has encountered an 4conquered every obstacle; the book which James I. ful- minated against it; the opposition of Papal bulls, ofTransylvanian edicts, of Persian anathemas; and by theaid of Nicot, with Catherine de Medicis, (who may per- haps have "chawed") and the great crowd of amateurswho continue to patronize it, the whole eastern continentglories in its use, and is loud in its praise. Since the H&amp;y- tien began to draw its blue wreaths through his derivativepipe, as he watched the distant sea, dancing to the balmywinds from the palm-groves of his native land, the worldhas bowed to the Nicotian weed. From Iceland to thetropics, and from Jerusalem to the Pacific, it is in request.Protean in its forms, it intoxicates in pigtail, twist, orplug; in cigar or snuff. In the latter substance, howmany a lofty nostril has it pleased, how many old wom?nd great men has it delighted! It was the last comfortof Napoleon, when he cried "Sauve qui peutT at Water- loo, and rode through bloody battalions of the woundedand dying, away from the victorious legions of Wellington.When an old Irish vixen in a London police-office wascharged by her husband, to whom she had been rebellious,in a row, with taking two ounces of snuff per diem, whatwas her answer? "Lawful powers, yer Warship! Whatis two ounces of blissid snuff, to a poor onfortinit woman,as gives suck to two childer?" It was an appeal thatwent home at once to the proboscis of the magistrate, andthe woman was discharged.Much as tobacco has been lauded, snuff has perhapsreceived a greater share of eulogy. Even the organ towhose pleasure it ministers has been addressed, amongmany others, by the facetious author of "Absurdities," asthe source of his supremest rapture. Hear him:"Knows he that never took a pinch,Nosey, the pleasure thence which flows?Knows he the titillating joyWhich my nose knows?Oh, Nose! I am as proud of thee,As any mountain of its snows:I gaze on thee, and feel the joyA Roman knows!"But this is an episode since snuff is not directly con- sociated with "the effusion of spittle." Tobacco is. Whochews, and smokes, and salivates not? Who ever attendeda church, a theatre, a political meet, or any assembly,legislatures even, and did not see the effects of tobacco!Who has not witnessed them at parties, at balls—any- where? How many divines and statesmen have I known,the misanthropic corners of whose lips exhibited the stainedand pursed-up wrinkles of tobacco! Your student andyour "blood," (ruminating bipeds, who smoke or chew,)expectorate themselves away, and look like old men beforethey are forty.Yet it is the abuse, rather than the use, of tobacco, ofwhich I complain. Under the rose, I have some respectmyself for a cigar; and I do. not object to some kinds ofscented snuff. It is pleasant to smell the airy whiffs,circling around one's contemplative nose, and to enjoythe excitement of a sneeze. But moderation should guideus in these matters; for ptyalism is so much of a habit, and in my opinion it might be abated two thirds in everyone of our countrymen; and I think that many valuablelives would thus be lengthened.With regard to expectoration, I would say, that when'tis done, it would be well if it were done secretly. lamno advocate of the English custom of salivating into thehandkerchief, and carrying in a pocket the harvest of one'spalatic department. Neither do I think that we shouldcare a tobacco-stopper what foreign zantippes or scribblersthink of the custom, only so far as their strictures mayseem to be just. In truth, after the falsehoods with whichthe European public has been deluged respecting ourmanners, the mere sight of an English tourist, male orfemale, in this country, is enough to make an Americancitizen spit from sheer disgust. We mean those touristswho grumble when they land; grumble their six weeks'transit through the republic, and then grumble themselvesinto a packet-cabin, and go home to make a grumblingbook. It is not surprising that folk like these have seena good deal of ptyalism. Every such raven of passage isa walking ptysmagogue, and excites the very dischargesthat are so vehemently condemned.There is a juste milieu in this habit, which* as a nation,we have not hit as yet; though we are much nearer to itthan the spittle-pocketing kingdom which has furnishedus with so many peripatetic philosophers on the subject.Let a general effort be made to touch this happy medium.To use a pun of some longevity, we must expectorate less,before we can expect to rate as a polished nation. I ap- peal to all frequenters of public places, whether my advicebe not good. Let it be followed. Let it be henceforthdeclared no more, as it has been, that "an American spitsfrom his cradle to his grave; at the board of his friend,at the feet of his mistress* at the drawing-room of hispresident, at the altar of his God; he salivates for threescore years and ten; and when the glands of his palatecan secrete no longer, he spits forth his spirit, and isgathered to his fathers, to spit no more." Four Drawings by I lonka Karasz London As seen by Rev. (7. A. Wells, Chaplain of 6th FortGarry s {Canada), who is now at Salisbury Plain, Eng- land, with the Canadian ContingentI DON'T like London. Too many contrasts. Theycall it the "heart of the empire." I don't believe it.It is a parasite growth on the back of the empire. Iwould almost say a cancer eating the vitals of the empire.Why? Well, you see, I had never seen London before.This is the first impression.See with me those dreadful contrasts brought out soclearly by the lurid lights of war. See the brave youngmen of London, bright as to socks and neckties, crowdingto see others at one place nine thousand at another, seventhousand at another, and so on&gt; all one day; all enthusiasticwatchers of the prowess of others, heedless to the call of,the nation for men to uphold her honor and beat back thebarbarian from her shore. Theft turn from these manlyfigures and watch Kitchener's army go by* Let me addsomething here: "Kitchener's army of boys/' Poor littlelads! Faces piteous in their boyishness, untouched witha razor, How can they face the enemy's steel and checkthe barbarian slaughter? These are to be the* defendersof the empire, while thousands of well-fed, well-clothed creatures, who in the category go as men, watch the gameof football—festival to London's god.Now, come with me down the streets from "Maximes"to the Savoy, at nirfit, when, hy the dreadful economy ofwar. the lights are out, See vice in it* most hideous formstrutting through the city, naked and unashamed;unreproved and unhindered. The policeman, thatstrong arm of the law, so absorbed in watching the smallboy, who, hungry-eyed, watches the "curranty bun" in thewindow; so anxious to protcet the property oi: an honestcitizen from the rapacity of a straviug child that he missesthe solicitings of those dreadful vultures of the night,those miserable outcasts of society, whose life is death—and worse. )Come along to some large hotel and see an army ofservile menials, cringing cads, failing over each other inwell-ordered confusion, to pander to the luxurious tastesof Belgian. French and English rich. See them sup withthe high-priced animals of their choice. The cost of asupper would equip a regiment—and the male sex herewould almost fill the ranks. See at one table gowns andjewels, the price of which would feed a family of ten for% year; while on the streets of the city hundreds beg forbread. Can these, indeed, be sons of France and Belgium,living in ease and luxury, while brothers wade in seas ofblood? Can these, indeed, be offspring of the Britishrace, drinking and making merry, while sisters weep andlive on tears? London, I hate you! City of contrasts, Ihate you intensely! And I Shall Rest Diamond Crisp. The east wind met the west wind on the open palm- of a godAnd suddenly—l was born.J fell on a stretch of marshland, wide and bare and strangelylonesomeAnd the winds blew strange music in the damp grass.And the time was neither night nor day.And there was just enough of the fading moonlight to fill methereafter with a strange longing for unknown things.And just enough sunlight was visible to give me a love of thesunlit hills and a delight in the sun at all times.As I came to earth, the winds blew wildly, and a waiting figurewas snatched from my sight.And always I have a sense of missing someone.And the winds have made me strong.And being born with space beneath my feet, I use it to storeall the meanness, hurt, and disappointment I meet,Thus building an ever rising monument which will in timeraise me unhurt and strong to the hand whence I came. Four Mushrooms By Alfred Kreymborg Culture There is only one.Only one sun.Only one moon.And you too.Be that. Swans There are white swans,everywhere ;in the lake, and on all four hillsides.But there are black swans as well—only two;but they are black. Luck Nature is a lucky wench.Has more fun than an undertaker.Happy swain took his love some flowers.On her door some crepe was dancing. Veils Habit makes it grow easy and easier.This peeling of veils from my heart.One of these davs FU have the brute naked.1, for one. want to see him. A Fable A bear, the sole support of his master, was standingapon his hind feet, and practising a dance in which hewas not quite perfect. Delighted with his own im- portance, he said to a monkey: "What do you think of mydancing?" The monkey was a connoisseur, and answered:"You dance very ill." "That," replied the bear, "is allprejudice. What, can you deny that my air is gracefuland all my steps perfect?" A mule, that heard thisdialogue, cried out, "Bravo! bear; bravo! There neverwas, nor ever will be, a better dancer." No sooner wasthis eulogy uttered, than the bear's arrogance vanished;he felt the reproof, and modestly exclaimed: "When themonkey disapproved of my performance, I began to doubtwhether he was not right : but, now that I am praised bya mule, I am compelled to believe that I dance very ill." To-morrow is a fine gentleman, who makes manypromises-—To-day is a plain man, who never breaks hisword.He who hopes for glory by new discoveries, must not beignorant of old ones.He pays dear for his bread who lives by another's bounty.Why is the tongue like a race-horse? Because the lessweight it carries the faster it goes. From an Old English Chap Book The Haunted Vine By Sadakichi Hartmann Drawing by Fritz Schnitzler "T'HE little town in southern Louisiana had lost all its** former attraction to me- Returning to it after anabsence of years, the scenery failed to fascinate me as itdid of yore, there seemed to be no person I cared to asso- ciate with, besides I was tired of loafing and in need ofsome serious occupation. So I boarded at the hotel, ifsuch it could be called, rented an old tumble-down planta- tion house at the crossroads for a studio, and tried to forgetthe past.But anyone who knows Louisiana—how full it is ofghosts, in particular small and remote towns—will realizethat it was a vain endeavor. There are ghosts of voodoobeating strange tomtoms in the morasses; vague shadowysemblances of emigres in powdered periwigs wander aboutold French houses; in the former slave quarters there arespectres of black men sold down the river from Kentuckyhomes; here and there roam phantoms of soldiers in greyuniforms rent with bullet holes; weird apparitions oflynched men rekindle their death fires to light the mid- nivht of lonely crossroads; and fever ghosts of all timesclasses haunt bayous and backwaters even in broaddaylight. Tales of spirit encounters are served up totravelers by big-eyed darky servant girls in unspeakableinns and poured into their ears when good luck bringsthem as paying guests within the walls of a private house.And when they sit down in the morning to an unsavorybreakfast of thin coffee and heavy biscuits Madame, thehostess, will surely regale them with the tale of the neigh- borhood ghost. Many a time have I sat myself in myfourposted bed with my hand over my mouth and listenedto strange noises about me, while the last drop of bloodin my veins froze and the cold sweat of terror drippedfrom me.It was an atmosphere where one anticipated meeting aghost in person. Also my studio had a sad uncanny air.Nor made I any attempt to make it habitable, but justmoved in table and chairs, my easel and painting tools,into the largest room downstairs. From the porticoedfront door I could overlook the crossroads. One of themwas deserted at all times, on the other occasionally a negroboy slouched by or a farmer's wagon crawled through theaxle-high mud. Furthermore, the house stood quite adistance back, there were trees, shrubbery and weedsgalore and the ground was sloping, so that the place wasquite as isolated as it was rickety and unkempt. It wasmy habit to leave the door unlocked. There was nochance for intruders and even if a knight of the road ora village boy had invaded the quarters during my absence,my paintings would have hardly proved a temptation.One entire side of the house was thickly overgrownwith vine.l A quaint rustle stirred in it whenever thewind struck it, and, strange, it seemed to me that thecommotion never ceased, that a strange animation pervadedit even when there was no wind at all.My thoughts in that year were constantly with Martha,a young Swiss girl who had lived here one summer, andwho had committed suicide a short while after her returnto Europe. It was really her memory that had brought meback. She appeared to me in my dreams and haunted meduring working hours- Busily painting, I would suddenly stop and turn around as if there was somebody in theroom. I knew I was alone and yet the impulse was irre- sistible. Have you ever felt the sensation as if you hadseen a shadow (that did not explain itself) ? It may becaused by a curtain moved by the wind, by some peculiarlight effect, or some unnoticed object that throws ashadow. There was nothing of the sort in my room.And yet it always seemed to me as if there was somebodymoving about, particularly in one corner between twowindows opening in the vine, and often when I steppedback to look at my canvas I felt as if some transparentshape of vague outlines stood between me and the easel.Other strange occurences took place that I could notexplain. It seemed as if objects were shifted about theroom. A stretcher that hung on the wall, fell and slida long distance across the floor. My turpentine andvarnish bottles tumbled from the table and broke. Newpainting rags were crumpled up. I placed my hat on thetable, it disappeared and I found it among rubbish in theyard. The door was difficult to open but shut with a bangas soon as I had entered, although there was no windgustand the hinges had not been greased for years. I must confess that I never saw any object actually move, butmore than once when I* had put down an oil tube on acertain place of the table, and after a while wanted touse it again, it seemed to be in another. There may havebeen plausible causes for these events, but their repetitionmade me uneasy.One afternoon when I had closed doors and windowsand painted at one of my favorite themes, "a rudderlessboat at the bank of a creek at early morn" when the dewlies white upon the grass, I simply could not continueto paint. It was as if somebody held my hand. I hadheard that spirits draw their energy for materializationsfrom plants in or about the house. I am not a believerand yet there was something that afternoon which mademe tremble and ask myself whether this house was reallyhaunted and whether there were spirits moving about.I have the habit of talking to myself, and frequently in- dulged in long drawn monologues those days. Was itthe spirit of Martha! Why should spirits do such foolishantics as breaking and moving about things? Is it be- cause they have no power over the subtler conditions oflife. They want to make their presence known and findno other means than these crude communications.It seemed as if a mist was gathering in the corner be- tween the two windows. It seemed to emanate fromthe vine and to float inward, as if a vague light whirledabout the rooiii and a hollow murmur came creepingtowards me. I rushed out of doors. Not a trace of wind.The foliage of the trees was not motionless yet the vinerustled as if by some mysterious force of its own. I wasstrangely shaken as I re-entered the room. It seemed tome as if I saw distinctly for a moment, a familiar face,a vision of some white form and marred countenance witha light breaking faintly from the eyes. I stretched myarms into the gloom of the twilight atmosphere and mur- mured :Martha, is that you ? Why do you come to me in thissad light as the day goes out behind the hills? Do youblame me for what has happened? I could not preventit. Did you really love me so much that you could notlive without me? You loved me, no doubt, but why sodesperately. I thought your affection at the time merelya passing fancy, a play with love's golden gifts. I thoughtyou were still enamored with Paul, tall handsome Paul,in Germany, the reason why your stepfather had sentyou to America. I should have known it from yourfeverish fingers, your hungry kisses though, from that chillpassionless night on the creek (the windings of which Icould trace in the far distance from the window). True,I had not much to give you, though I liked your companyabout as well as anybody else's. Could you not be satis- fied with that? I am not a lavish giver. Besides I lovedWilda, that -passionate friend of yours to whomyou introduced me. We indulged in a calmer passion,less flame writhen though smouldering for aye. Could Ihelp that ? Forgive me. I would give a part of my lifeto see you back again on earth and hear you laugh, laughthrough jasmine and oleander thickets.The only picture I have of you—a strange coincidence—is the one I took among the cypress out in the cemetery.Developed, it showed you standing near a tombstone onwhich was inscribed in large letters "Martha died—Was it an omen of your early doom? Perhaps there is a something within us which always knows the future butcan not tell us. And why did you, a nineteen year oldgirl, a blossom unbleached by the rain or sun, always carrya revolver, and why did you try to commit suicide evenbefore you knew me. After all, I may not have playedsuch an important part in the tragedy of your life as somebusy-bodies believe. How you wept when the steamersailed away with you to the Mediterranean. Only twoletters followed, the first of good cheer in a mischievousspirit, the other full of despair, imploring me to have youcome back. As if I, a poor artist, had power over suchmaterial things. Then the sad report of your death,found at the shore of one of the beautiful Swiss lakes,drowned and shot with the familiar weapon.And now have you become a fourth dimensional being,can you occupy the same space at the same time withsolid matter, and enter my recluse without opening adoor or window, or breaking the wall? Can you juststep in without touching any part of the building, andjust as easily disappear from view and reappear the nextmoment outside? If so, give me a sign and tell me thefatal truth.Mockery and deceit, the hallucinations of a feveredbrain! I groped into empty space.I sat there brooding for a long time, my head buried inmy arms on the table. It was quite dark when I lookedup again. I started up wildly.The question I ask will never be answered in this world.It will drive me crazy if I do not cease to ask it. Aslong as there is no better way found for spirit communica- tion, as long as departed spirits enjoy no freer exercise ofsuperior gifts, if they can span the bridge from the beyondonly in meaningless actions, it is best to discard all furtherattempts. It is too obtuse a problem for brains that con- sider a straight line circle or the mysteries of non-Euclidean geometry as uncanny violations of natural laws. One cannot turn a rubber ball inside out without tearing it.Martha will live forever and anon in my memory. Fromthat she can not be effaced- That must suffice. ,I went out of doors determined to end this spirit farce.The vine was like the surface of a lake rippled by a com- ing storm. I tore at it furiously, and pulled it down;the whole mass fell and almost buried me in its entangledcreepers. The next day I had it cut and removed. Thedisturbances ceased. This evanishment, if such it was,may have been caused by the long habit of materializationfrom the ivy. When the force was gone the poor disem- bodied spirit did not know what else to utilize.Yet I was worried for many days. Did I assist asecond time involuntarily in Martha's death, for was thisstrange experience not a proof, an indication at least thatspace is not exhausted by our finite conceptions of height,breadth and thickness? That there may be, beyond ourcomprehensions and conceptions, another vastly superiorfield of activities where actions, which to us, appear im- possible or miraculous, become the commonplaces of everyday existence. And may there not be messages from theInfinite, wonderful ineffable messages, always sweepingour beings, though in ways which our intelligence is tooblind to unravel. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner A fool's dare is only a coward's snare.Many happenings in society do not necessarily meanmuch happiness in society.Only a good steak-beef can furnish good beef-steaks.Mother-love is the only justifiable form of self-love.Most human improvements on nature seem to be butmasked efforts of the devil to defeat nature.Where women rule, man's a fool's fool."Get-rich-quick schemes" mostly harness up their pro- moters in get-caught-slick teams.Anything concerning women is something that concernsall women.The price of folly seems to be one of the devil's mosttempting prizes. The One Who Did Penance Samuel Loveman Pen and ink sketch by Joseph Pennel, from the original in the possession of J.F. McCarthy T HERE was a Man who repented him of his sin andA he came to the Woman who had sinned with himand he said to her, "Lo! what is passed is passed, I shallsin with thee no more. Do thou as thou likest but I goout into the world as the white flame of an inspiration, aspark to that light of holiness which may peradventureyet win me a place in innermost Heaven forever."And the Woman bared her garment that was the colourof hyacinth and showed her carven breasts enticingly"."Behold," she said, "are these not fair enough for thee?Am I not all rose and alabaster and are not my lips likestto poppies in the summer fields?"Gave I not thee all manner of strange delight andsaidest thou not we should grow old in love together?"And he gazed at her sorrowfully and answered, "Thouart all of this and thou hast been good to me in thy way.Yet ever, in the heart of our joy do I hear a voice thatcries, Thou art chosen but thou heedest not. Still artthou chosen and My word will yet lead thee forth tri- umphing among mankind. Wouldst thou keep me withthee against my will?"Then the Woman laughed scornfully and cried, "Fool,the joy of Life lies in the forgetting, else hadst thouperished for fear long ago. Thinkest thou that the worldwill hail thee as prophet and succour thee in their innocentcredulity? But go thy way, for thou shalt indeed knowthe truth in the end, if to thy enduring folly there be anend."And he left her and passed into foreign parts attiredin the simple gray garb of a holy man. And he preachedhis word to all that were concerned but his prayer fell asrain in a sea of dust, for the world had long wearied ofits prophets and their homily of moaning wisdom.And after a time he came to a land which was riotouswith wickedness, with a vice made gilded and pleasurablefor the inhabitants.And he said to them, "Why do ye sin?"And they answered, "Because we fear Death and thesleep that knoweth no waking. We strive to forget thatour end is night and oblivion."And he rebuked them sternly, crying, "Alas! for ye.Know ye not what cometh hereafter? Have ye no fearof Hell and of eternal torment?"And they laughed at him, saying, "Not we, nay! Askof the subtle and discerning worm which is our uninvitedguest!"But he was silent and pondered over their intent.Then they said to him beguilingly, "Come, be one ofus. What profits it that thou waylay palsied old withthy hoary word of an uncertain god ? Take thee a chapletof vine-leaves and a garment of violet cloth. We haveyellow liquor in goblets of scarlet chalcedony and honeysweeter than was ever fabled of old. Our women areblood and ivory and of these thou mayest have any forthy delectation. We have need of thee, therefore be ofour cofnpany."So he was persuaded and abiding with them partookof their ways.And it chanced after a while that the Woman also re- pented and seeking the Man, came at last to the folkwith whom he abided. For she had hidden her beautyand her vanity had departed with her sin.And when she halted at the gates of the city the watch- man cried to her, "Thou must not enter for here is theplague newly come. Seven have I buried this hour andstill they fall as thick as flies to a honey-pot. God knows,which of us will go next, not I!"And she answered, "Open, for I come in mercy."And he opened the gates wide to see what mannerof person so dared to brave death. And he said to her,"Surely, thou art mad to enter in the face of this peril."And she answered him, "I have no fear save of God."So she passed into the city and ministered that nightand for many nights to the sick and dying. For the deadmultiplied and there seemed no abatement to the destruc- tion.And there came to her one day a painted eunuch whocried out in a shrill voice. "The King of Pleasure Is sick!The King of Pleasure is sick unto death! Wilt thou notcome and minister to the King of Pleasure? Whosoever.cureth him shall have what he wills, even to the world's desire, which is the treasure of gold and emeralds beneaththe foundations of this marvellous city. But make haste!make haste! make haste!"And she said, "Take me to thy master."And when she perceived him she knew that it was theMan who had loved her in the past, and she said, "Dostthou not know me?" \And he answered, "Elsewhere have I seen thee but Idare not think on what occasion. Mayhap, it was at abetter time of life than this."And she gave a little cry, saying, "Thou didst knowme of old and I returned thy love!"Then he knew her and wept, crying, "Hast thou cometo single me out in my wretchedness? Behold, I am Kingof Pleasure who must die even as other folk. Oh! butwhile it was dawn I feasted and drank deep!"And the Woman said sadly, "But thou didst plight thyservice to God. Where was thy Conscience?"And he ansKvered her wildly, "Thou shalt find myconscience after I die, thou shalt find it, I swear!" Andso saying, he closed his eyes and lay stark in death.Then the Woman bade the mutes take his body anddivest him of his raiment. And she wept when he lay before her, for behold! there was no part of him that wasnot seared with torture and agonized with mutilation.And she kissed his mouth and cried aloud in her grief,saying, "Would that thou hadst stayed in thy lesser sin,O my Love, and I in my happier unrepentance!" An Awakening Flora H. Wandell O, sing us a stirring songThat will quicken our sluggish pulse;That will spur the world alongAnd give us a fresh impulse.A song our souls to awake;Which will burn like a great wildfire;Breathe hope we will never forsake;And ring of a lofty desire.Tfiat will give a new lease of life,In which wefd join as a choir;To bankh earths' anguish and strife;A song that our hearts will fire. Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. Long, Long Ago I.S. (Los Angeles, Cal.) THE thirty years since it happened, seems but yesterday, sovividly has memory engraved that time upon my heart.I was eighteen when first we met, just the ordinary type ofAmerican girl-hood, grey-eyed and fresh-cheeked. He, twenty- three and just arrived from his native France.Widely traveled, speaking several different languages,(English not included) immaculately dressed, this handsomestranger with his courtly attentions, thrilled me as the bluntkindness of my jovial American boy friends had never done.I have always possessed a strong sense of humor (most in- convenient at times) and some of the absurd blunders which thepoor fellow made in his attempts to speak correctly, would setme to laughing uncontrollably. Whereupon he would look be- wildered and beg to be corrected, never taking offense at mymost impolite outburst. He spent hours with the dictionary and-"First lessons in English," however., learning very quickly,.and at the time of our marriage, two years later, could speakEnglish well.He had cared for me from our first meeting, but it was longbefore I could regard him as other than a friend. But oneflight it came to me very suddenly that I cared, cared for himas he did for me, and so—we were married.Our wedding took place one night in September, during aheavy thunderstorm. As it was a home wedding, I wore noveil, but my heavy, white silk dress was made with a longcourt-train.In the midst of the ceremony, while lightning flashed andthunder roared, two white Angora cats, decked bv my littlesister, with bright green ribbons in honor of the occasion,marched gravely in and sat upon the opposite corners of mylong train, remaining there until the service was over. Real Love L.M. (Chicago) IT was a second class boat, but the best I could afford. Thetall young English army officer was the most conspicuousJigure on board, and much sought after by all the girls untilhe refused all their overtures. Then they began to makesneering remarks. "My God, he wears a decoration, how couldhe be expected to speak to us?" So we were both ostracized,he, because they thought him a snob and I because they weresnobs—and my clothes were more than shabby. It was thissituation which drew us together.He said I looked sympathetic and so started to tell me the■story of how he happened to be aboard this obscure vessel.It was a pathetic tale. It started in India where he had metand become engaged to a fair Canadian heiress. Two weeksbefore he had come over to Montreal to marry her. They weremuch entertained and deluged with gifts. On the eighteenth ofJuly a message came from the War Office. He must take thenext boat home. There were rumors of war. He must reportat once.Our little second rater sailed at ten o'clock on the nineteenth.The wedding was to be at high noon. She would not marryhim one second earlier, if he did not disobey his orders she would not marry him at all. He told the story with so muchfeeling that when he finished, I was weeping softly. He wassure she would never relent—his he,art was broken—but mysympathy helped.I felt sure that she was sorry already and would soon try tobe reconciled; but I also knew the impression my generoussympathy had made. I was his wife when her letter came,asking forgiveness. I am confident he has never regretted his choice. A Minister's Daughter V.McD. (New York) A FLASH of ai£ introduction, and with all my heart andsoul I loved the man who, eight months later, became myhusband! Because he is still my devoted one I recount withpride the story of our love and marriage.The daughter of a Presbyterian minister is not always cal- culated to be a demure and saintly creature, nor was I. OneJune afternoon found me riding out to Target Practice. Asimple pull at the latch string of a big gate brought my steed,with me atop, into the most wonderful farm yard I have everseen. There in company with friends, stood the man of mygirlhood dreams. We had been introduced and were engagedin conversation before the old farm gate had swung full backon its hinges. Later I learned that my Romeo was the rightfulpossessor of a fiancee. The one query which entered my mindwas "how to get rid of her !" Fate loitered around the Targetand to win there meant to win from her, the prize.I had not yet been considered an excellent marksman, but Ihad never before felt the incentive to try. I opened the sportsby hitting the "bull's eye" three times in succession!My future husband rode home with me. We were too muchabsorbed in affectionate thought to talk, but we signed a heartcontract that day which has never been broken. In the winterwe were married; my own dear father performed the ceremony.Ministers' children are always married in the Church, so we,too, marched thru' the long aisles and knelt before the Altar.Eighteen years have passed but with them has gone out noneof the sweetness of life. Two beautiful children came duringthe early years of companionship to complete our happiness. Rather Unconventional For a New England Maiden M.M. (Boston). 'T'RUTH is stranger than fiction, they say, and since romanceof the truest type came into my life, I am inclined to be- lieve it. After reading what follows, every word of which istrue, you will not wonder that I feel like the heroine of a"Best Seller."Four years ago. the teachers of a little country town nearBoston, tired of boarding, and determined to adopt radicalmeasures. Six banded together, hired a seven room apartment,furnished it, with things of their own, things loaned by in- terested friends, and some few things which had to be purchased.Then they proceeded t° do their own house-keeping, taking thecooking and kitchen work in week shifts of two each. The planwas such a success, financially and socially, that next year,three more joined the Club, a ten room house was rented, anda woman hired for the kitchen work. A dear friend of mine has been in the writing game for several years, thoughtour plan had a story in it, and wrote us up. The story foundfavor with an editor of a woman's magazine, and appearedindue season, fully illustrated with photographs. Within aweek from the time the article appeared, the club receivedthe surprise of its life in the shape of a frank and friendly letterfrom a mining engineer in California, admiring our energy andcommon sense, and desiring a correspondence. The letter re- ceived recognition with a general letter from the Club Secre- tary, no names being given. A very pleasant and instructiveanonymous correspondence sprang up, ideas on every topic underthe sun were exchanged, and five of us wrote personally, stillgiving no names. I soon decided that the unknown writer wasa man of the type of ideas and ideals which I respected andadmired, and he arrived at the same conclusion from my letters,and before long asked frankly for my name and address. - ThenI did the first unconventional thing of my life, smashed therules of New England conventionality to bits, and gave them.Well, to make a long story short, the more ideas we ex- changed, the better we found we agreed, he came east, and infive weeks we were married. We have the same ideals of homelife and the same plans for making a permanently happy home,—and we have it."And they lived happy ever after?" Well,in spite of incredulous smiles and sniffs from friends and rela- tives, it is the truth that our first disagreement is yet to come—and never expected to arrive!Is that not Romance with a capital R? A Doctor her Hero H.C.M.B. (N.Y.) ALTHOUGH I was only twenty-four years old I was be- ginning to get a little fidgety for fear I might be an "oldmaid." Good, kind fate came to my rescue in form of sickness.I was truly ill that summer day of some six years ago. Hav- ing lived in the city a short time, we did not have a familyphysician. A young doctor in the neighborhood who was verypopular and so far successful, was recommended by a friend.Mother, who was a bit old-fashioned, did not seem enthusiasticabout calling him in. I had seen a certain physician occasionallyand liked his looks. I was determined to be attended by him-My illness proved to be appendicitis. An operation followed.My doctor, although kind and sympathetic, did not show anyfurther feeling toward me, but during those days of con- valescence I began to become interested in him. It was apleasure to know that the time for the doctor was due andwhen he began to skip a day, I missed him.I was well again. It seemed as though something was goneout of my life. Two months passed. By mere accident I wasinvited to complete a bowling party. My partner proved to bethe doctor whom I felt was never to be found by me, only incase of illness. He seemed pleased and as the evening pro- gressed, his interest in me increased.He began to call at my home. He was in love and wantedme in his presence as much as possible. Three months afterthe bowling party, he asked me to be his wife. At the endof the next six months, my doctor-lover took me proudly tothe altar before a large assemblage of friends. Everybodyseemed happy on that wedding day. Two People The Romance of One Night by Guido Bruno IT is not given to everyone to take a bath of multitude:the enjoyment of crowds is an art: and he alone canhave a bout of vitality at the expense of humanity to whoma fairy has inspired, in his cradle, a taste for travesties andmasquerades, the hatred at koine and the passion for travel.Multitude, solitude: terms equal and convertible by theactive and fruitful poet. He who knows not how topeople his solitude, knows not how to be alone in a busycrowd.Who wrote this beautiful truth? I tortured my mindto think where 1 had read it and whose original thoughtsthey were. Was it Baudelaire? Or was it CX Henry?Or was it Theodore de Banville?Whenever I am broke, wandering about the streets,standing still at some busy corner and reviewing thecrowds passing me, I think of these words and thinkhow true they are. But I never have taken the troubleto find out who really their author was.It was a cold October night and I was broke. No—not that way. I had a home, if you can call an apartmentconsisting of a couple of rooms, a kitchenette and bath- room. a home. And there was nothing abov.t me thatwould have prevented taxi-xl:trees, seeing a prospectivefare in me or the head-waiter ot the most exclusive hotelfrom conducting me personally to a table I might haveindicated with rny eyes. I was well-dressed, I had signedmy tab for a good dinner in my club and had unfortunatelyforgotten to provide myself with cigarettes.I realized my oversight shortly after leaving the club- house but X did not feel like walking back. And so Ihurried to my apartment, searched for something smokeableon tables, in drawers, in the pockets of all my suits. Withno result. Now there is nothing worse in the world thanto want to smoke, knowing you can't have it. It mademe restless. lam not a cigarette fiend: I often pass daysand weeks without smoking. But the thought not to haveten cents to purchase the cheapest pack of cigarettesbrought me face to face with facts—well I never haddared to face them. What kind of an existence is it thatI was leading all these years ? How could it happen thatI was practically penniless? I have gone through timesof this kind so often that I took them for granted. Some- thing always happened to relieve the situation. A checkwould come in, I would pay off my house account in theclub: if there was any back rent, I would pay it, too.Strengthening so my credit, I looked forward to themeager weeks to come with the same confidence as theman who deposits in the bank a substantial sum of moneyfor rainy days.No, it was not the desire to reform, or to turn a newleaf. I knew myself too well and I am accustomed tobe sincere with myself. But whenever I am broke, aphilosophical mood takes possession of me. For hours Ihad been trying to solve the problem: why am I withouta cent?My desire to smoke increased every minute. I re- membered that a friend of mine who lived at the McAlpinHotel was attending a performance at Wallack's Theatre. 1 forgot to mention thai 1 never borrow money from anyprivate individual and I often had rather walked miles insituations as at present than to ask some of my friends fora personal loan. I decided to walk up to the McAlpin,to post myself on the corner of Thirty-fourth Street andSixth Avenue and take my chance of meeting him incase he returned immediately after the show to his room.I wanted to ask him for a cigarette.It was about eleven o'clock. I was standing at thatcorner and reviewing the dense crowds that passed. Howalone and forlorn I felt among all this chattering, smilingand tacit throng of men and women. /'Multitude: soli- tude!'' and I tortured my mind to think of the man whohad expressed this supreme truth in such a wonderfulway. If I had had a cigarette I would have enjoyed look- ing at the well dressed men with clean-shaven face4s andthe women in their evening gowns with soft vrraps. indainty slippers and silk stockings of all colors. What amarvellous symphony! those stockings and slippers cross- ing over from Broadway. And what a discord the faces ofthe people who wore them!There was the placid self-contented matron, with herbread—and pleasure providing husband, walking side byside, both with serious faces, both thinking: they hadnothing to say to each other. A studious looking fellowwith clean cut features linked arms with a fresh-lookinggirl: the eyes of both are shining, intensely interested intheir conversation. They hurried to the tunnels. Aprosperous manufacturer—he must be a manufacturer—with a young woman. He is old and she is young. Heis proud of her and she is like one of those fashion designsof Bakst: pretty, a wonderful color scheme, but withdead eyes: a striking impersonation of "I-don't-care." IfI only had a cigarette I could enjoy this, enjoy it morethan the people who paid two dollars to see a show..What a wonderful drama is Life! and how well it isacted by us! What an actor are you—and I—and ourfriends.And here are the proper backgrounds! Little newsboysscreaming at the top of their voices—"All about the mur- der!" And on the grotesquely illuminated board in frontof the Herald building, the latest war reports. Pompouslydressed women following their profession: a troup ofSalvationists with drum and flying banners returning totheir citadel: the surface cars passing hither and thither:the elevated thundering over its structure—an ambulanceannoyingly persistent—the hoot-hoot of automobiles—oh,what a drama! If I only had a cigarette!I felt an arm thrust gently through mine. "Walk overwith me to the depot." It was a woman's voice, a melodi- ous voice but one that evidently knew how to give com- mands. I didn't make the least resistance. We madeour way through the crowds on the sidewalk, passed tothe other side of the street and walked towards the depot.She spoke quietly, continuously and very impressively."I watched you for a while. I think you will be game.Don't look at me now please. Keep a natural face sothat the few people that perhaps might have noticed usthink you were waiting for me, and I simply joined youcoming out of the hotel. Please carry my satchel."In front of one of the windows of a big departmentstore she handed me her grip. She was a young woman. She had on a purple evening coat and very small white 4satin slippers. I saw her face for the fraction of a second.I could not notice any details but felt instinctively thatshe must be beautiful. She had no hat but I thought Inoticed an aigrette standing out of the masses of herblonde hair. "Please don't look at me, as it might arousethe suspicion of those that perhaps follow me," she said,taking a firm grip on my arm in such a manner that Icould not have turned without swinging her completelyaround. She was not quite as tall as lam and all I couldsee by turning my head was her white aigrette and herblonde hair. If I only had a cigarette! We reached the !depot and I thought it best to keep silent."Please promise you won't look at me," she said, afterwe reached the well lighted waiting hall, "will youpromise?" she asked,1 necessitating my answer."Of course I won't look at you," I said."That is very sweet of you, was her reply. We walkeddown the steps, and I was obsessed by two thoughts. "Imust not look at her and how could I get a cigarette?""And now I will have to ask you to give me my satchel,"I heard her say, "you promised not to look at me. It ismost essential that you keep your promise, no matter ifyou will accept my proposition or not. I shall leave younow and go into the women's waiting room for a fewminutes. Will you please manage honestly not to lookat me, and still not arouse the curiosity of the peoplearound while I leave you?" N"I think I can manage that," I answered. I fixed myeyes upon one of the maps high up on the walls of thestation. It was a map of Central America and I triedto find the Porto Rican Island while I handed her her 1satchel."I am so happy I singled you out,".it sounded like asigh of relief. "I'll be back instantly." 1I waited a few minutes before I cast my eyes in thedirection of the women's waiting room. I just saw herdisappear in one of the doors. She had an exquisite figurebut there was nothing especially distinctive about her.After I had lost sight of that purple evening wrap, I amsure I could not have differentiated her from a few otherwomen that passed in succession through the same door.I strolled up and down through the crowd of peoplehurrying to the ticket-offices, to the baggage room. Every- body around me seemed to have some definite goal he wasanxious to reach. I always feel so superior in a crowdof people who are obsessed by the idea that they have aduty to get somewhere and are trying their best tc getthere. I know I have no destination whatever, but Iknow I will "get there." Where? Who knows? I willknow soon enough after I have arrived. How about thiswOman! If I only had a cigarette I could enjoy this 'situation that would have puzzled a good many or wouldhave made them suspicious, and that would have thrilledto participate in such a strange adventure.We meet adventures daily on the streets and romanceis watching around every corner. There are two kindsof women in the "Bagdad on the subway" that mostpossibly might accost us on the street. Both are ad- venturesses. The one makes adventure her life profession.The other is passing through some tragedy, through some- thing that disturbs her, so elementary, that convention andcustoms produced during two thousand years crumble to pieces: she simply sees in you the brother sufferer, thebrother that might be willing to help, that perhaps canhelp. And so she asks you ior a night's lodging, or for anickel to buy a glass of beer, or to carry her satchel andnot look at her. If I only had a cigarette, how happy Iwould be!"Well, here I am, my knight sans peur and sans re- proche." I instinctively turned around and if I had notrecognized her voice, I surely would not have recognizedmy purple companion of a few minutes ago. She worea heavy green and red-brown checked ulster and a whiteveil over a black-sailor hat that made it impossible torecognize her features. She was girlishly slender, andputting on her gloves. She had the most wonderful handsI had ever seen. They were long and slim, the nails well- cared for, pink and oval. The knuckles strong. "I hadthe things in my grip. I checked the grip. Please takethe check and keep it for me.""I think you are wonderfully composed. You seemto have self-control and I appreciate what you did forme to-night more than you can ever understand. Evenif you don't think you can accept my proposition, pleasedo not ask any questions. All that is necessary for youto know, I shall tell you."I kept silent. She didn't speak for a few seconds. WeJiad walked toward the Seventh Avenue back. I felt thatthe one who was uncomfortable and uneasy in this strangesituation was not myself, but her. But I did not intendto ask any questions or encourage her in any way to tellme her story. You can't coax a bird to sing. He mustfeel like it and do it voluntarily with all the enthusiasmhe is capable of: and then it is worth while listening."Would you like to make twenty-five thousand dollarsin one week?" she started. I felt her eyes scrutinizing myface. A true daughter of New York, I thought, bred andraised in the home town of the dollar-hunter. But at thesame time, most striking proof of the existence of heredity.Some of her early ancestors must have been fighters orrobbers, explorers or pirates or something of that kind. Ikept silent.(To be continued) Fille de Joie Herman S. Gorman. 1 A woman stops beneath a lamp.*** Have I not not seen her face beforeIn misty legends where the floorOf earth is shaken with the trampOf legions by an ancient shore? 2 Her throaty, husky laugh rings outAcross the trouble of the night.Her painted lips beneath are whiteKnowing some miserable doubt . .Her eyes are aching with the light. 3 Was she not Helen on a day,Beneath whose bright dishevelled hairAnd scarlet-fruited mouth so rare,The Trojan Paris laughing layAnd watched the midnight cressets flare? 4 Or was she Cleopatra whenThe tawny priests of Isis bowedBefore her in a shaven crowd,And her strong lips with blood of menWas dimmed as with a crimson cloud? 5 Ah, Guenevere, Iseult, Elaine,Dead queens of beauty, down the yearsThy loveliness a temple rearsIn this frail creature full of painAnd scalding sacrificial tears. 6 Yea, splendid courtesan and saintHave gone into the subtle threadThat wove her flesh uncomforted . . . •Beneath her bleachen hair and paintThere lurks the soul of all the dead. 7 Great empires have gone down to dustAnd darkness, there to make their campBecause her regal foot did stampIn anger once. Kings put their trustIn this tired thing beneath a lamp! Two Stories About Dutchmen fromthe Boston Gazette for July, 1809 It Was Not the Dog A FEW years ago, a couple of Dutchmen upon thehigh hills of Limestone, though very friendly, hada dreadful falling out about one killing the other's dog,for which he sued for damages. They were called intocourt, and the defendant in the case was asked by thejudge, if he killed the dog? "Pe sure I kilt him," saidthe Dutchman, "but let him proof it." This being quitesatisfactory, the plaintiff in the case was called on to an- swer a few questions; he was asked by the judge, to whatamount he estimated his damages? He did not under- stand this question so well, so to be a little plainer, thejudge asked him what he thought the dog to be worth?"Pe sure," said he,"the dog was wot noting; but since hewas so mean as to kill him, he shall pay de full walue ofhim." Watering Milk A Dutchman in Albany some time back, went out tohis milkman in the street with a dish in each hand,instead of one as usual. The dispenser of attenuated milkasked if he wished him to fill both vessels? The Dutch- man replied, suiting the action to the word, "Dis is forde milluk, and dis for de waiter—and I will mix dem soas to shute mineself." TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give your standing order for Bruno'sWeekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it provesdisastrous for a magazine to print morecopies needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you have missed on the news-stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches froma two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news-dealer. READERS OF BRUNO'S WEEKLY ARE ASKED TO BECOME SUBSCRIBERS52 ISSUES, TWO DOLLARSSEND YOUR CHEQUE TO-DAY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, NEW YORK CITYROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing."Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith UGger.uI BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men Midartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Kruno's Weekly, 58 Washington SoEdith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.j. 112. McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREETIBMW'IMi X •amy. i Bruno Chap Books4. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown5. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde6. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno7. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg8. Vignettes, by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three chief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty of sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897. .9. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state with-out a Constitution, and the daughter of aronin, a roving soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessive and intenseas Poe's, on strictly realistic lines. The ut-most bounds of expression are reached, evenhis originality is aggressive Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido BrunoEdna, the Girl of the Street, by Alfred KreymborgCause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in redblood, tinted by the golden sun, formed andshaped by hands who know the labors andpains of millions scented with good-willtowards everybody and emitted with pure love.25.25.25.25.50.25.25.25No.13.14.15.1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WidleThe first American reprint of one of themost wonderful poems of the author $ .252. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his littlewings before he stings and annoys .253. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg* s Mushrooms are recog-nized poetry. The Mushroom stands for a 16.simple expression of thought in simple mu-sical rhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one manwho speaks to his fellow-men—just to theone who might find in four or six simplelines of rhythm the revelation of the rhythmand the harmony of his own simple life. . . . .5017.18.19.20.21.22.23.24.25..25 26.Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno 1.00The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno.50Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid'* .25Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells all about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-tors and producers of vers libre who thinkthemselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write in rhyme ,25Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord AlfredDouglas would have laughed at the idea thathe would write a book explaining away hisfriendship with Oscar Wilde. As editor ofThe Spirit Lamp," a magazine publishedby James Thornton, High Street, Oxford,and edited by Lord Alfred Douglas, heseemed to be a diligent imitator of his friendOscar. He imitated his style in prose and inpoetry. Whenever he received a contribu-tion from Oscar Wilde it was the main andleading feature of the issue .25Sadakichi Hartmann—Permanent Peace: Is It aDream ?Charles Kains-Jackson—John Addington SymondsA PortraitThe life-long friend of the English poetgives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto , a since for-gotten literary periodical of England, in1897 .25Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Wo-men—Rhythms and 5 Drawings .25Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks 25H. Thompson Rich—Lumps of Clay—l 6 Rhythms.25D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-dayMusings .25H. Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—l 7 WarPoems ,25Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Religion, abibliography ,50Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat .50Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C. Rare Books First EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Bodes. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Pwchased singly or in sets for people whs hare neither time nor opportunity to select for thsmssSves,m far those who have not access to the best hook marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass,Befog a hookIN WHICHwe say jest what we tkmk. Published every unauth by Nermsa Isl Geddes at 171 Wilson AvenueId Deceit, hfirhtgan It is a little heck arofywfr illustrated. Write hr sample eepy.HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Arenas University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S} 40 West tth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks** said O. Hairy, speaking of Gonfarone*s hi one of hiswencalied Greenwich Village Stories.There can be no pleasantcr place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueiiIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not beenon the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, withan interesting little biography of Mr. line. A.Phone: Stuyvesant 4570 Edison