The mask 8 8 October 1918 naau_1918-10_02 The mask 8 8 SPEED. 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 A PLEA FOR TWO THEATRES. EDWARD GORDON CRAIG 1915 Florence cre 1-3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 ASIA AMERICA EUROPE. 3-4 THE MASK A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER EIGHTADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved October 1918.Gerente responsabile : Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY SPEED. THERE is still an erroneous idea fluttering around that thequickest things are the motor car, the areoplane, thetelegraph, trains, and so forth.I will tell you something quicker. It is the Imaginationof Man. And because Imagination outstrips all else it getsthere the sooner.... Do you see?Imagination even can beat the lie, and the lie alwayshas about 3000 miles start according to the laws whichhandicap the swiftest in the race and allow points to thedawdle feet.The Imagination is not only swiftest.... it sees furtherthan all else.... it detects the liar and the liaress prowlingafar off in deserts.The Imagination shoots truest. Having seen the prow- lers it fires afar off; be it on the other side of earth it hitsits mark.The Imagination is strongest.... it can hold a hundredliars in its hand and look at them without anger.The Imagination has another trick.... It can by closingan ear blow with the other ear so strongly that....(Concluded on page 30). A PLEA FORTWO THEATRES. by EDWARD GORDON CRAIG1915 Florence, IV.THE PRESENT THEATRE.Dedicated to the Tired Business Man. INTEND here only to consider thepresent theatre in relation to thetwo other theatres under discussion,the Durable and the Perishable.It is a negative affair at best, thepresent theatre. It has not durable qua- lities, neither will it perish sufficientlyquickly. It costs as much as would aDurable Theatre, yet endures only afew years. The public of the presenttheatre is in love with the latest thing,and spends millions of money in order tohave one glance at it; then tosses itshead and asks for a still later thing. Infact the present theatre is the productof an effete public.What remains over of the extraor- dinary productions given to the publicby the late Sir Henry Irving, whospent lavish sums on the present Thea- tre ? For instance, (not to speak ofany great sum), what remains overof his season at the Lyceum endingon the 31 si July 1880 ? The moneytaken was £ 59,000, and Irving alwaysspent all his money on his work.What remains over of the gross receiptsof " King Arthur ", — £ 39,361.1. 0.?What remains over from fifty three per- formances of 11 The Merchant of Ve- nice n, which realized £ 29,056.1 1.2?Or from the gross receipts from twohundred and forty performances givenin America in 1886, bringing in thesum of £ 1 16,516. 16. 9: or, in dol- lars, $ 563,941. 50?Or take Irving's expenses on hiseight American and Canadian tours.I hey amounted to the following sum— £591,347. 5. 11. A great sum ofcourse would go to the actors,... andwhat is there to show for the rest ? Indollars it amounts to $2,862,120.90....over half a million pounds sterling, ornearly three million dollars.The name of Irving is very great,and none respects his memory morethan I do ; but except for his name,what is there remaining over ?These are Henry Irving's gross re- ceipts and his expenses from 1876to 1905. But in short, the Imagination is iike the seven compan- ions of Moscione in the Fairy-tale:.... it serves a booby,....the Artist.Wonders will never cease.... but sometimes it takes afool to perceive the wonder of wonders which even todayis denied by the whole intelligence of the western world. Receipts. £ 2,261,687; 10; 1.Total expenses. £ 2,168,290.6. 1.Net Profit. £ 93,397. 4. 0.0)I am not quoting these figures inorder to suggest that they were morethan Henry Irving should have recei- ved. For my part I wish he had re- ceived five millions and the NationalTheatre into the bargain. It is whatshould have been done for the sakeof the swagger of the British nation,more than for the sake of Irving. Nordo I quote the figures in order to sug- gest that the money was badly handledin comparison with other modern thea- tres. It was used lavishly, for thestinginess which has come upon theEnglish Theatre of late years was thennot dreamed of.I would only draw attention to theexpenditure which, as you see, exceededtwo million, and remark that there isnothing to show for that two million.There is no Theatre of beautiful pro- portions containing a stage equippedfor succeeding generations; there is nomuseum, no library, nothing. As it isnot to be supposed that an ounce ofthe great Irving personality would havebeen lost had these things been built,collected and preserved, why was some- thing not done ? I will tell you why.It was not possible because the Pub- lic prefers to be made to pay. HadIrving asked England and America, inthe course of twenty years, to supplyhim with one million pounds sterlingin order that he, as the best actor ofhis age, might erect for them a thea- tre which should be even as durableas the Frangaise, (Moli&amp;re'stheatre), the queer thing is that hewould have been refused that sum.But see what Irving does. He de- termines to get that sum and more,....and he gets it. But he gets it underconditions which make it less easy toestablish such a theatre. He makesthe people pay him over two million,you see, and he does it.... if we omithis own great personality and genius,...by carrying round train-loads and boat- loads of scenery and costumes, armourand appliances which, if still in exi- stence, must cost more o store thantheir actual value. It is likely that there are somehandsome swords, jewels, and otherthings in existence, probably more hand- some than those left by any otheractor; but have any of them a valueas works of fine art ? Whereas thereis hardly a little church in all Europeand Asia that does not contain somepriceless piece of silver work or goldwork or ivory work, some piece ofsculpture, or some robe ; in short, somefine work of art.Do you see what I mean ?If you hold that some theatricalproperties are fine works of art, thenI have nothing to say. I refer youto the experts of the auction room.They are things of sentimental interestand in some cases are of good qua- lity ; but nothing more.I have in my possession one or twomasks carved in Japan and one or twocarved in Africa. These have a greatvalue as works of fine art, and an everincreasing value commercially.I have on the other hand a pair ofgloves worn by Henry Irving in oneof his Shakespearean productions. Theyare nicely made gloves lined with nicesilk, and on the back of the hand and onthe cuff is good theatrical gilt tinsel withsome cheap imitation stones. They havea sentimental value and are what is calledR interesting n, even as a glove of Na- poleon would be interesting. But com- pare this pair with a glove worn byQueen Elizabeth, and they are bits oftrash. Queen Elizabeth's glove is awork of art.Again, I have one of the belts wornby Henry Irving in " Hamlet ", withlarge jewelled plaques on it and thewhole covered with a black net. It isa thing I am very fond of ; but compareit with some belt preserved in thecrypts at Notre Dame or in theBargello at Florence, and the value ofthe theatrical one hardly amounts tothat of a row of pins. The others areprecious things, durable, valuable, worksof art, and are also good investments.The fact that Irving's n Hamlet nbelt is more effective on the stage thanwould be the belts in the Bargello onlyproves one thing.... that the presenttheatre aims at " effectiveness " at allcosts, and does not care whether whatis seen on its stages are works of fineart or not. In fact, as you see, it prefers what is called the n fake n tothe genuine. The fake n tells ; thegenuine falls short of theatrical effect.And here we come to the t%vowords which best sum up the theatreas it is, and the Theatre as it should be.Instead of the fake we should havethe genuine.If every stage thing cannot beprecious,... though I see no reason whybefore long it should not be.... let itat any rate be unpretentious. Is thereanything more annoying to us all whoare working in this New Movementthan to see these gilded plaster theatreinteriors ? If the gilt plaster hadsomething inspiring in its form, thenwe would perhaps set aside the questionof the gilt and the plaster and acceptit for its expressive form. But it hasnot one quality that is good about it.The theatre at present is just apretentious place and is likely to fosterpretention in those who frequent it.There has been a movement forseveral years among architects to giveus theatres of a different form, usingdifferent material, with an attempt atwhat some call simplicity, and so forth.It began with Wagner, and it seems tobe developing well. But their tendencyis to become what is called ,! artistic nand to create a new pretention. Thesetheatres get built somehow withoutinspiration and without a reason andare expressionless. Some system, somehappy or unhappy idea is followed,and it all ends in being no better thanthe gilt and plaster palaces of old.But lest you should imagine that Iobject to the elaborate or to theartificial, because these are generallymost pretentious, let me cite oneinstance where both exist in the sametheatre and seem to me splendid. InParma there is the theatre built byG. B. Aleotti and completed in 1619,called the n Teatro Farnese ". Perfectin splendour, without being a PerishableTheatre, without being a DurableTheatre, it is typical of all the bestthat should have survived in the presenttheatre but is rapidly disappearing. Ithas received the touch of genius fromthe man who built it. But genius isabsent from the modern theatre — isnot allowed to touch it into life — sowho cares whether it endure or perish?Practical people should consider theenormous waste which goes on yearafter year, and should ask themselveswhether, instead of it, they cannotsee their way to have the DurableTheatre and the Perishable Theatre,without spending a penny more. Thusthey would have their cake and eatit. I believe this is possible. One last word on the PresentTheatre.Although it is but the lees of thewine of our old Theatre, still in thatold Theatre I was cradled — and Iam helping to nurse a New Theatre.If the New Movement does not regardaffectionately ....very affectionately....that old theatre, I shall be sorry thatI ever nursed the new one. Whatwas good in the old Theatre must bepreserved, and those of the NewMovement must try to learn what thosedear remains signify. There is some- thing good in every Theatre —something, not everything. By accep- ting as gospel all the old Theatresaid and did, (and all it omitted tosay and do), we have reached thepresent unfortunate situation.If the n Motion Picture V as it iscalled, is closing our theatres and takingaway performers from the theatres,...and you have only to study theAmerican theatrical journals to notethis slow but steady leakage.... it isdue to some weakness in the theatre.Good then that our old stage shouldpass away. Our new stage is aliveeven if very young.I pray that we shall not sit downlike those previous to this war andpooh-pooh the idea that anything iswrong in the theatre. Let us realizewhat is wrong and that we have notanother minute to lose in putting itright.n And why don't you proposesomething practical ? H someone willask. Let me answer with jean JacquesRousseau where he says, 5? All peopleare always telling me to make practicalsuggestions n ; and he goes on to say,55 You might as well tell me to suggestonce more what people are alreadydoing, or at least to suggest improve- ments which may be incorporated withthe wrong methods at present in use....in that way the good becomes corruptedand the bad is none the better for it !!.And he adds still further, n I wouldrather follow exactly the establishedmethods than adopt a better methodby halves H.R ght I and we must have two newTheatres — we cannot patch up theold one. My proposal, then, is thatwe plan for the ages to come twoTheatres — a Durable Theatre and aPerishable Theatre.And remembering Leonardo's war- ning to n shun those studies in whichthe work that results dies with theworker H, let us make up our minds toshow courage and reply, 11 Not so.Proceed with any study which youlove and determine to make the work that results endure and outlive aeonsof decay 1915 Florence. I wish to call the attention of thefinanciers who like to spend their moneylavishly on modern Theatricals, to thepassage referring to the wasted twomillion pounds, (ten million*dollars) andto beg them to consider whether theywould not prefer .to have their namespreserved in more durable material.And I wish to call the attention ofall legislators to the whole question...." Shall there be waste or economy? "Lastly.... Forget what I have said....may be " it was nothing but a dream THE END . (i) (See Life of Henry Irving byAustin Brereton). ASIAAMERICAEUROPE. IN the preface to a companion vo- lume to this " Dance of Siva " Dr.Coomaraswamy spoke of me as onen who understands so well the nobleartificiality of Indian dramatic techni- que ", and mentioned, quoting part ofa letter that I had written to him, thatI had n frequently asked for more de- tailed information R on the subject.This must not be misunderstood bythose few good workers along my path.And so that their attention shall be inno way attracted away from the workwe have in hand I have thought ittime to turn to India and say a thingI have for long wanted to say. Youmust not be too critical with me, forI admit that for me, and I will addfor you, the subject is strange.Full fathom five my father lies,Of his bones are coral made ;Those are pearls that were his eyes,Nothing of him that doth fade,But doth suffer a sea-changeInto something rich and strange :Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell.Ding-dong bell.... nA strange life to live in a new ele- ment, long and strange before the sen- ses can bear to say again " I hear....I see.... I feel. n Even Shakespearedoes not enter the water and write ofthe silent life beneath all the tempestsand the derelicts drifting.But the life which stirs to conscious- ness again under the deepest waters isnot stranger than that unknown lifeabout which we are so curious.... lifein the East.To feel in it we must be of it..., no other way. I know no separationsuch as " East is East and West isWest and never the twain shall meet n,for on the day that I choose to wan- der far afield, be it to the moon orinto the beds of Ocean, I may do so...and so also, I may go to the Eastand become of it any day 1 wish.You too. But even as there is noreturning for a true lover, be the pains thepains of Hell itself, so is there no returningfrom India.... that life strange and richwhich, to experience well, we mustsuffer. And it is for this reason Iwould have you all pause before youare attracted from the work you havejoined me in, to listen to the exquisitefluting of the great and lovely Krishna....for his sweet sad notes are but theprelude of the mighty coils of musicwhich will be flung around all thosewho listen too long.There is nothing for us to listen to...nothing for us yet. We Europeans andAmericans are in the utmost need forwe know very little.... we are likefools beside wise men, we Europeansand Americans standing by Asiatics....and we of the theatre hammering awaylike slaves, we are the most ignorantof all ; remember this, my good oldfriends, and we shall be making head- way before very long.It is not that we are not abovelistening.... but only that we are notyet in a position to listen.... we darenot turn an ear or an eye away fromour task• We have yet to learn thatone and one make two before we canpass to larger sums.As it is, our pupils can barely be- lieve us when we say, " Come, wrestlewith this simple difficulty of one andone,... Do not echo what we havesaid.... that it makes two. See it foryourselves. And express what youhave seen in your own way, not ourway. Express with freedom, do notecho.... limiting yourselves to this sim- ple problem. And above all, n Seekto know no more n.Why cannot you believe us ? I ad- dress the eager — Be eager, but don!tbe taking a tiger for a pussy-cat, or aGod for a ' hullo old chapWhy be infatuated by your ownpowers to the extent of dreaming fool- ish dreams ? Why delude yourselfinto fancying you are capable of un- derstanding without first feeling.... offeeling v/ithout experiencing.... of ex- periencing without being? For I tellyou it is impossible.And do you dare to dream youcan be in a moment all that India isand not be burnt to a cinder in thetick of a clock?... broken and burnt and your progress hindered.... thrownback another ten thousand years ?Will you waste the few good centuriesin which your forefathers built up foryou a beginning ? A beginning issomething; we are at that promisingpoint now. Must you prefer Nothingto it ? Do you prefer Annihilation tothe chance that is before you ? If so,then annihilate yourself and the toil ofyour forefathers in your gratified desireto see the marvel for an instant and die.But if you are wise you will do nosuch thing. You will live, labour, suf- fer... if you find it part of the game....and pass on to those who come alittle life.... instead of your own corpse.Briefly, India is dangerous to thepowerless and the ignorant.... to us.I am a Westerner, and you too.Our tradition of life is one which ourinstinct teaches us to continue. If soit is not by looking round over ourshoulder or being curious about strangesights and sounds over there in theEast that we shall become more en- lightened. Enlightenment will comefrom the stones we are breaking aswe sit hammering in our own jolly ordusty path. Only this.... we mustbreak on and on and not pause.... wemust labour and sweat.... and I promiseyou all India.... but here, in Europe,in America. And for Heaven's saketip us a song as you work ! It s thatsong which won't break out.,., why not,in Heaven's name ?Can't you be jolly — can't yousing? Then whistle! Can't you whistle?Then make funny sounds.... can't you?Then make a face — that s Art ! andthat's where Art comes in in Life....what it's all for. To cheer and refresh.Do you suppose India and its brownchildren will laugh...? no, but theywill laugh if you follow after the pipeof Krishna and pose as feeling whatyou don't feel because you can t see,and have not lived, the life of India.So that I understand Dr. Cooma- raswamy a little.... enough to knowthat he knows 1 understand nothing ofthat noble artificiality of Indian Dra- matic Technique.... and have enoughof grace to appreciate a compliment.1 want you all to see that it is allsheer compliment, even as we shoulddo if we saw queer things on livingthe life of India; for if you don't dothis you'll fancy that I am half wayto India and you'll drop your ham- mers and be racing after a spectre.Stay where you are.... be as steadyas you can.... and go on with yourwork. Whenever you see an Indian workof art, tighten the strings of your hel- met. Admire it.... venerate it.... butfor your own sake don't absorb it.It won't do you any harm to admireit quietly.... the good it should doyou is this, to drive you into utterdespair for quite a long while; buthands off.... don't wish to capture asingle trick of its technique.... don'tape it.Dr. Coomaraswamy's translation ofthe Mirror of Gesture is nothing at allfor you. It is dedicated n to all ac- tors and actresses f!. We must dis- claim any right to deserving that de- dication. We must leave it to ourfar-off brothers and sisters in India.It is all theirs. Any Irishman will un- derstand what I mean.And this new book, " The Danceof Siva 11.For my part I shall open it nowand again as I would peep into a si- lent uninhabited house whose front dooris open.... I will peep in from thisside of the garden gate.... out of cu- riosity may be.... yet not so curiousneither. It is full of strange and beau- tiful furnitures, carpets, flowers..., I seethem from here. No — Curiosity itis not or I should open the gate...,knock?... get no reply and creep in,one's only thought, 3 How pleasantfor those who live in there I RNo, no, not that way, if you please.Die naturally in due time, don't askfor Siva to strike you down.... for itis his house. He lurks invisibly withinand harms none but strangers. Weare just.... strangers. Strangers, butpretty determined at home to awakenand brace up our powers and get ridof the idea that materialism is all, byrealizing what materialism is.We have for some time been bat- tering at the sandbags behind whichCommercialism and every other self- seeking growth has ramparted itself,taking us liberators for foes. For yearsmen and women in our Theatre (tospeak of the thing dearest to the Mask)have battled against these dull ogres.Our great actors and actresses.... ourplaywrights.,., all have prepared theway. But the path is English and isAmerican, and it's not on the road toMandalay that we are moving.... orare expected to move. Europe andAmerica look to us, remember, toremain ourselves.I want my followers then to loveall things of the East.... but to reallylove them.... remembering Goethe'swise saying, 11 Against the superiority of another there is no defence butlove ". So then now you get at whatI had to say.You and I are.... feel we are....nothing. They over there are wonder- ful, and we can know it, admit it,admire it, and goodnight. We lovethem and all their works, and just be- cause we do so sincerely we go onalong our own way.GORDON CRAIG.I was almost forgetting something.You'll wonder why it is that Asiaticthings and ideas are so prominent ifthere is no value in them. We aresane nations as a whole, you say ; howis it these things are here ? Plunderersand art-experts.... or, to be more cor- rect amateur dealers in the priceless briea brae of the East. Why, they sendagents there all the time.... they growrich and build villas, and become illdealing in Buddhas and Sivas. That'show it is we hear so much aboutChina, India and Persia.Now we have our own real dealers inBond Street and Fifth Avenue, whosell us the work of modern artists....don't they ? What more could wewant ?I know several real genuine dealers....most modest men.... never deal inthings which are not European orAmerican. That keeps up the old- fashioned ideas of dealing. I knowone dealer,... I shall never forget him...why ? Because he admires Henry Ir- ving more fervently than most of youtheatre-folk do.... because he is quitean ordinary man of the world, and isfaithful to Europe.... doesn't gad aboutpretending to understand Chinese. Be- sides, he adores Irving. A man likethat does more good to our Move- ment in the European Theatre thanall the intellectuals nin London.In fact, we artists of the west willget nearer India by cultivating the so- ciety and influence of such men asthis than by running after the learnedin Asiaticism. ■ npHE MASK HAS BEEN RE- " 1 DUCED TO A FOUR PAGE■ LEAFLET BUT NEVERTHE- ■ LESS IT STILL REMAINS THE■ MOST ARTISTIC AND FASCI- ■ NATING THEATRICAL PUBLI- « CATION IN THE WORLD.Current Opinion. U. S. A.Sept. 1918.