Bruno's Weekly 3 22 November 15th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-11-15_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno 3 22 ARE YOU YOUR BROTHER'S HANGMAN? Illustration 1 ""J"IHERE1HERE is no chapel on the day Oscar Wilde cre 2 Are You Your Brother's Hangman? Guido Bruno cre 2-3 People are only half as good and only half as bad asi —Knigge cre 3 Songs of Life and Death Rainer Maria Rilke cre 3 Hunger Pages from a Diary of Hans Friedrich, a German Journalist cre Author of several books cre 3-4 Drawing by Clara Tice. Illustration 4 A Foolish Youth After the German of Hans Holzschuher by Guido Bruno cre 4 Sooner or later all races must learn that their FRANK HARRIS cre 4 London Prose and New York Prose Alexander Harvey in his "Bang cre 5 Edgar Allen Poe About British Criticism Marginalia: Nationality in American Letters cre 5 Gathering the Slain H. Thompson Rich cre 5 Ideals Tom Sleeper cre 5 Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley. Illustration 5 A Matter of Destiny James Waldo Fawcett cre 5 STOOD on a rock looking down on the grass beneath me. Marjorie Mawr cre 5 Memories .... Guido Bruno cre 6 "Billets-doux" Doris Lester cre 6 From the Sublime to the Ridiculous Anton Tchekov cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 6-7 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 B E E L Ten Cents November 15th, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno No. 22. NOVEMBER 15th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'Sj WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued.) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Oscar Cesare, the foremost cartoonist of the United States, and longtime resident of Greenwich Village, expresses ina series of characteristic cartoons, that will appear in next week's issue of Bruno's Weekly, his opinion of Greenwich Vil- lage as it is today: a creation of real estate agents, keepers of Coney Island show booths, and of men and women whomanifest their genius through their long and their bobbed hair respectively.Don't miss this issue. BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc., at No. 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. ARE YOU YOUR BROTHER'S HANGMAN? Oscar Wilde. ""J"IHERE1HERE is no chapel on the dayOn which they hang a man:The Chaplain's heart is far too sick,Or his face is far too wan,Or there is that written in his eyesWhich none should look upon.So they kept us close till nigh on noon,And then they rang the bell,And the IVarders with their jingling keysOpened each listening cell,And down the iron stair we tramped,Each from his separate Hell.Out into God's sweet air we wentBut not in wonted way,For this man's face was white with fear,And that man's face was gray,And I never saw sad men who lookedSo wistfully at the day.I never saw sad men who lookedWith such a wistful eyeUpon that little tent of blueWe prisoners called the sky,And at every careless cloud that passedIn happy freedom by.But there were those amongst us allWho walked with downcast head,And knew that, had each got his due,They should have died instead:He had but killed a thing that lived,Whilst they had killed the dead.For he who sins a second timeWakes a dead soul to pain,And draws it from its spotted shroud,And makes it bleed again,And makes it bleed great gouts of blood,And makes it bleed in vain! Are You Your Brother's Hangman? Guido Bruno. JN Murderers' Row, in the cell of the doomed, a manis awaiting his death.Death that will be inflicted upon him by the hangman,as representative of the people. He has stained his handswith the blood of someone he has killed. Life for life!So the man must die.He is sitting there in his cell, watched day and nightby his guards, deprived of sunshine and of air, deprivedof love and of pity: a dangerous beast, successfully caged,to be done away with that the people may be protectedfrom him.The formalities of the law are fulfilled. He has beentried and convicted. The day of his execution is set. Hesits there in his cell counting the days and the hours ofhis life.He eats and he drinks. He sleeps and he thinks of hishangman.Constantly he must think of his hangman and of that last service his fellowmen have in store for him.The guards talk to him and he answers. He evensmiles: he is expected to be kind and repentant. A chap- lain comes and talks to him of Christ and he acceptsChrist in his heart. The doomed man accepts Christwhile he cannot but wonder what else Christ can have incommon with jailers and hangmen and chaplains, butthat He, too, was killed by them two thousand years agoas he himself will be in a few days or in a few hours.Christ, the fellow-sufferer, becomes dear to him.He is sitting there in his cell and no one cares about hisheart. The Jury has found him guilty. The judge hasacted according to the written laws. Who cares for theremorse in his heart, for his regrets, for his desires to blotout the past, to do better in the future? Who cares thathe knows in his heart that he was innocent of the crime?Who cares for his prayers, for his good thoughts, for hissincerity, for hopes killed and for horrors arisen. WhoJends an ear to the trembling voice that sounds meeklyfrom out the prison walls, begging for a chance, for justone more chance?Begging whom for a chance?His judge! His jury! His wardens, his hangman.And the judge is elected by you. To represent you,and to pass judgment for you upon your fellowmen. Andthe jury is chosen from among you to render a verdict ofpeople upon one of the people. And the guards arepaid by you to take care of him whom you consider dan- gerous to the welfare of man. And the hangman walksin as the supreme representative of you and of me, andof millions of fellowmen to take in cold blood the life ofhim who has forfeited it to you.Anxiously you buy edition after edition of newspaperswhich bring you accounts of the doomed man's last hours.With horror you enjoy the terrible ceremonies of justicethat transform murder into a sacrosanct function of thestate.Do you not hear the voice of that doomed man whcvpleadeth with you for another chance, who pleadeththrough the ears of judge and jury and of guards and ofthe hangman you have set over him?OUR modern age has abolished everything cruel to theeye, gruesome to the soul and labor unwelcome tothe hands.But suppose that electricity had not reached its presentdevelopment, that the millions of inhabitants of NewYork were scattered all over the country and that NewYork still had its open market-place with public execu- tions. Suppose the hangman were not an official of thegovernment but were chosen in each case from amongfellow-townsmen.The choice would fall upon you one day.And you would have to swing the sharp sword, youwould have to decapitate the condemned man with yourown hands.Or you would have to stand high upon the gallows, you would have to place the rope around the culprit'speck and it would have to be you who must open thetrap-door under his feet.Would you give him another chance? If for no otherreason in order to avoid your own horrible experience?LION, a wildly roaring, blood-thirsty lion, angryfrom his long captivity, escapes in the circus.Trained men, men who know how to meet such an emer- gency, are set upon his trail. The lion has woundedrome people, has slain some people before he is re-cap- tured. And now he is lying again in his cage, his terriblepaws tied with cutting ropes, his eyes closed, his tonguehangs red from his muzzle. His body is heaving and hishead turns desperate and tired towards his jailer whoenters the cage. What will the lion-tamer do with thisbeast that has caused the death of innocent people, thathas wounded and disabled others? Will he shoot it?No. A lion is too dear to be shot.He will walk close to the lion. He will put his steady,firm hand,, the hand that tied the knots of the ropes, uponhis victim's head. The lion will open its eyes. It willscrutinize the face leaning over its helpless body. It willlook deep into its jailer's eyes. And then and there, thejailer will have won the truest friend in this animal ora hateful, blood-thirsty enemy.If he is the right sort of a lion-tamer kindness will bein his heart, pity in his actions. His voice will quiet thelion, the raving beast. He will loosen the painful gripof the ropes. And gradually, from day today, he willgrant more and more freedom to the lion and soon theanimal will feel quite happy again in the captivity of itscage.The law does not request the death of the lion as longas there is a proper place to keep it locked up, a placethat would yield guaranty to the people that this lion willnot again be a menace to human society.DO not we too have proper and secure places for ourprisoners? Places where they can be separated for- ever and ever from contact with human society? Do welack lion-tamers who have kind eyes in addition to theirfirm grip ?The doomed men in Murderers' Row are sending aplea to you, yes, to you, the individual, a plea for anotherchance.If the life and death of men were in your hands, wouldyou really take it?Would you deny them the new chance that has so veryoften been given to you ?Your vote sends men into the Legislature to make lawsfor you. These men could introduce a bill that wouldabolish capital punishment in the State of New York.There is not one in a thousand who would deny his fel- lowman a chance to live.Isn't it about time to manifest the spirit of our twenti- eth century America by doing away with this gruesomeinheritance of barbaric ages? —Knigge People are only half as good and only half as bad asiothers generally paint them. Songs of Life and Death By Rainer Maria Rilke IV. One sits around and waits. Waiting untilsomeone sings. But all are so tired. The red light isheavy. It lies upon the dusty shoes. It crawls up to the knees.It looks into the clasped hands. It has no wings. The facesare dark. Still the eyes of the little Frenchman are lighted fora short time with a peculiar light. He has kissed a little rose,and now it can wither a little longer on his breast. He, VonLangenau, has seen it because he cannot sleep. He thinks:"I have no rose, none."Then he sings. It is a sad old song as at home the girls singupon the fields, in autumn when the harvest approaches itsend. V. QJAYS the little Frenchman: "You are very young, sir?"And he, Von Langenau, half-sadly, half-impatiently, re- turns: "Eighteen." Then both are silent. A little later theFrenchman asks: "You to have left a bride at home?""Did you?" Von .Langenau returns the question."She is blonde as you are."Both are silent again until the German cries: "Why thedevil then are you sitting on your horse's back, riding throughthis poisoned country against the Turkish dogs?"The Frenchman laughs. "In order to return."And he, Von Langenau, becomes very sad.And he thinks of the blonde girl with whom he used to play.Wild plays. And he wishes to go home for a few seconds only,only for so long as it takes to say: "Magdalena—forgive meeverything." How? why? .... he thinks. And he isso far away, so very far away. VI. QNCE upon a morning a man arrives on horseback, and then,two more, and four, and ten: big heavy cavalrymen. Laterthousands: the Army. The hour of parting arrives."A happy return to you, Marquis! ""May the blessed Virgin take care of you, Von Langenau!"Parting seems hard. They have become friends, brothers.They know so much about each other; they would like to ex- change some more confidences. They hesitate. Hurry, haste,and beating of hoofs is around them. The Marquis takes offhis big, heavy riding glove. He brings forth the little rose andtakes one of its petals. An offering of the sacrament."This will protect you, farewell."He, Von Langenau, is surprised. His eyes follow the French- man vanishing on the horizon. He puts the stranger's rosepetal in his breast-pocket. It heaves up and down on thewaves of his heart.A trumpet call! He rides to his troop, they fall in with thearmy. He smiles sadly: A stranger's sweetheart is protectinghim.Editor's translation. Hunger Pages from a Diary of Hans Friedrich, a German Journalistand Author of several books Nov., 1915.[ AM one of the most superfluous of men during these times ofwar. Even the last Reserve Commission refused myservices. Very well. I never had military ambitions. Who- ever has read my books, "The Dream of Life," and"TheHappiness of a Child" would never suspect in me a desire tobe a soldier. And after the war Germany will again needheads as badly as it needs hands now. Heads that can retainwith their brains what our troops gain, with blood and witharms. But it is hard today, harder than ever to keep one'shead cool and prepared for the future mobilization. Whatgood can a writer do behind the lines? The newspapers re- ceive a sufficient amount of letters from the field, the maga- zines are swamped with photographs from trenches and battlelines. WorUs concerning these times are shallow. To cometo conclusions is not possible so long as everything remains inthis unsettled state. But we must live. We must live andretain for ourselves our impressions and we must wait. . . .Wait ever and ever. . . . Nov. 18, 1915.I went today to the Press Association and received a subsidyof twenty marks. How hard it is for one who can work toaccept alms. No matter what you call it, this money given usunder all sorts of names is alms.Twenty marks. . . .! It itches in my fingers. It seemsso very much money if one is accustomed to carry only a fewpennies in one's pocketbook. If only I did not have to pay outmost of it! I do need some coal and wood. I have frozenbitterly in my cold room during the past weeks. To go to thecafe and sit in its warmth and read papers will be impossiblefor me for quite awhile.For the thirty pfennigs I would have to leave there I canbuy myself a supper. One always needs so much in order tosustain life. And what sort of life is this? That one doesnot starve is the only pleasant feature. But always near star- vation, very near starvation. Never with the hunger quiteappeased and always freezing in one's rooms. Especially ondays like today, with the sun shining again and warm outside,one feels it more than ever.Nov. 23, 1915.One would like to recall every hour spent in previous timesmerrily and in spending money: travelling in society, at thebar, or drinking wine with girls. Yes. . . . girls! Theyhave become wholly uninteresting; love has become a mereplay. The world now is rough and does not bother about thesmaller things. And what should we do with girls? We can'tgive them anything any more and so they have become untrueto us. We are the superfluous people. At present they arecrazy over our field-gray soldiers.I stood today in front of a candy shop. I have never likedsweetmeats very much. But today I did not seem to be ableto tear myself away from that shop window. I studied theprices as if I expected to be a salesman in the shop. Therewere chocolate bars for five pfennig apiece. I viewed themfor a long time. Finally I left the place. I have to be verysaving. Two rolls, war bread, mean more to me than onechocolate bar. The bread has to remain dry. I haven't seenbutter for months. And one has been accustomed to a betterlife. Life without sweets is hard even if one does not starvebut remains steadily upon the verge of starvation.I have never been a heavy eater but now the stomach is firstconsideration. It seems to feel its importance. Our souls ap- pear to be in a sort of a twilight sleep, dozing, waiting forpeace. Our stomachs are at work, we learn to enjoy what wetook for granted only a year ago. We have become simpleMilk is a luxury. Bread, dry bread, something delicious.Sausages, which we never would have thought of eating, tastedelightful to us. And if we could pay the price we would eatthree times as much as we can afford. Everything is change- able today, even our most despotic and most spoiled tastes!Nov. 25, 1915.Today, again, I stopped in front of that candy shop. Thechocolate bars were irresistible. I was weak. I did not eventry to resist. I bought one. . . . Just one, but it was solittle, so very little for a supper. Two war rolls are more.I went to bed hungry.I am very often hungry now. It is something I never haveknown in previous years. I always used to leave somethingover on my plate. Now my plates are clean. I hardly needto wash them. Of course I have to do all my own work. Iam washing my own dishes and my own clothes. But every- thing goes swiftly, especially the dishwashing. The fates arekind. Maybe this is the reason for my having so little to puton the plates. My tea contains water so plentifully that evenseven cups would not hurt the weakest heart.It seems to me that I really never experienced a real winter.Freezing—hunger. One does not need a rich vocabulary topictur such a situation. They repeat themselves again andagain like a nerve-racking rhythm: freezing—hunger. Else- where: blood—flames—terror. Where we are it is cold, some- where else it is hot.How rough our times are! And still—we love them. Imeditate. Is it true? Do we really love them? Here: amidstour cold walls, empty because we sold or pawned everythingof value—Here: opposite this rag of paper, proof sheets that we neverwould have thought of using to write down our thoughts and the children of our brains. . . . Here with our hands upona cold, worn oilcloth that makes writing difficult while ourstomach revolts with its music of hunger! ....Yes—we do love them. Our times are greater than we are.Finally it has arrived that which we have longed for duringthe last decade while sitting and talking around our coffeetables, while reading our inflaming books. These times arecruel and destructive. But they are promising, too, promisinga new generation. Not a generation to be our posterity. Weourselves are this generation. We are being purified, hammeredupon, hammered by steel in flames, in frost through hunger. . . .Exactly as everyone of us needs it. Drawing by Clara Tice. A Foolish Youth (After the German of Hans Holzschuher by Guido Bruno.) YOUNG man, who understood that it was very bad tohave several love affairs at the same time, went to a sageand asked him:"Is it permitted that one love several women or should onebestow all his love upon one?"Without hesitation the sage answered: "Most assuredlythere is only one real love which one must give in all itsabundance to the one woman loved above all others.""How is it then," asked the youth, "that they tell of youthat you were one of the wildest in your young years?"The sage did not seem embarrassed; he smiled and coveredhis eyes with his hands and spoke gently: "Go to Abdallah,to the merchant, and observe what he is doing."The young man did as the sage advised him.Abdallah was in his store weighing gold on scales; heassayed it upon a stone, deliberating carefully upon its genu- ineness, and then he compared it painstakingly with other gold.This he did for hours.The youth observed everything diligently, went back to thesage and told him what he had seen."And do you know now," asked the sage, "the answer toyour question?"The young man remained silent. The sage viewed him withsad eyes and turned away.The youth returned home, married soon after and becameone of the most unhappy husbands in his community. FRANK HARRIS Sooner or later all races must learn that their artists—-the singers and painters and seers, the priests of the True,the Beautiful and the Good—are the rarest and most valua- ble of the Sons of Men. By the very nature of their highcalling, they can expect no reward from their contempor- aries; their appeal is to the future; their duty to set thecourse and chart the unattempted seas. More than decentprovision for their needs, these soldiers of the ideal will notexpect; but that should be given them by the State and suchhonor to boot as may be possible. London Prose and New York Prose Alexander Harvey in his "Bang." 'J'HE obvious truth is that the English language has alwaysled a somewhat precarious existence in England. It hasflourished most in this country, where it is taught with devo- tion and written with ease. Notwithstanding its origin, theEnglish tongue is essentially un-English, and is the secret ofits diffusion throughout the globe. The French language is tooFrench to be used readily by those who are not French.Those who have had opportunities of comparing the prosewritten in London now with the prose written in New Yorknow need not be told that style flourishes to-day in Americawhereas in England it seems to decay. Popular literature inGreat Britain is defaced from the standpoint of style by a ten- dency to the use of Americanisms—Americanisms that areoutworn here. Britons will sometimes protest against Ameri- canisms and use a frightful Americanism while doing so.It behooves the young American writer, then, to beware ofthe prose written in London to-day. He will find very little inthat prose to serve him as a model for imitation. Let theyoung American beware, likewise, of the various unreadablebooks on the art of writing which come from British Dryas- dusts with imposing titles. You may put Bottom the Weaverinto Jesus College and call him Sir Nick if you like, yet all hecan do there is bray. Edgar Allen Poe About BritishCriticism Marginalia: Nationality in American Letters. 'jpHERE is not a more disgusting spectacle under the sun thanour subserviency to British criticism. It is disgusting,first, because it is truckling, servile, pusillanimous—secondly,because of its gross irrationality. We know the British to bearus little but ill will; we know that in no case do they utterunbiassed opinions of American books; we know that in thefew instances in which our writers have been treated withcommon decency in England, these writers have either openlypaid homage to English institutions, or have had lurking at thebottom of their hearts a secret principle at war with Demo- cracy: we know all this, and yet, day after day, submit ournecks to the degrading yoke of the crudest opinion that eman- ates from the fatherland. Now if we must have nationality,let it be a nationality that will throw off this yoke. Gathering the Slain H. Thompson Rich. THEY are gathering the slain,Tonight;And none of them can laugh, and none can sleep.They are shedding tears again,Tonight—The salt, cold tears that soldier-men can weep.They are gathering the slain,Still and stark upon the plainThey are adding up the awful gain.Tonight. Ideals Tom Sleeper 'J'HERE is my Ideals, bruised and broken on the battlefield ofexperience. All of them—there is not one left—chokedand withered by the poisonous gases of Reality.See them—they are funny, truly.Faith in mankind ; faith in God—friendship—woman—andthe rest. The silly show!Yet somehow, I feel there must be one that has escaped—one that I do not comprehend. How else could my heart singwith the poppies nodding in the sunlight as I go about mvdaily tasks? Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley. A Matter of Destiny James Waldo Fawcett. \yHEN Jesus returned to Heaven from his sojourn on earth,he came to his Father with sad and troubled eyes."Father," he said, "I have a favor to ask of you.""Yes," said God, kindly."I want you to keep me out of literature," said Jesus.And God thought for a long time; then he shook his head."I cannot do that, my Son," he sighed. "It is impossible." Marjorie Mawr. STOOD on a rock looking down on the grass beneath me.Here and there little bits of red spoke brilliantly fromthe green. I said to myself, 4&lt;l must get closer to those radiantbits. I must pick some, and take them to my room."So I got down from the rocks and went through the grasstill I came to a bush that held some of the beautiful leaves. Ipicked a twig on which hung three. Two of them were green,but the third was red—so red that it looked like the blood ofthe nightingale that died on the thorn.I left the grass, the sky, the rocks and came home claspingthe twig tightly in my hand. I placed it in a little water glass;it was all the vase I had, and then I went out to my day'swork.In the evening I returned. In the glass stood the twig withthe green leaves fresh as before, but the red, the beautiful redwas gone, and a dull brown leaf was in its place. In my barelittle room there was no place for passion—only the cold, coldgreen remained, and the brown that I knew not but thatmatched my walls. Memories .... Guido Bruno. JF only memories would vanish forever! If the past wouldremain past! If we could erase the past from our mentallife; if this archive of pictures and impressions did not existin our skull.But they do come back, again and again. Like the personi- fied monitors of everything perishable that was, and that willbe forever, even though we buried it in the most obscure cornerof our thoughts, under the cobwebs of our self-deceiving con- sciousness. Like a thick, massive stone wall memories standbetween ourselves and our life. Like a river they broadenthemselves—like a river over which we cannot build bridges;what was just now in reach of our hands they take with themto the banks on the far away other side; it looks over to uslike unreachable clouds.As uninvited guests they appear, without knocking; withoutawaiting our "come in" they open the door brusquely. . . .And here they are. We have to offer them a chair. We haveto smile hospitably and friendly, because we know that theytake at their pleasure, that they will stay as long as they pleaseto.Often it is the gesture of a hand, often again a smile, thattransforms the features just now so dear to us into some otherface, that brings us a message from long forgotten days. Oftenit is a cadence of a voice that we have heard somewhere, some- time ago, and that exhumes for us something buried long ago.It is not regret, it is not a feeling of being sorry. It is not alonging for something that was. It is not the wish that it mightbe again. . . .It is a tombstone and a grave mound. We know all of asudden: deep down there in the brown crumbling earth reposesa piece of life that we have lived once, and that gave ushappiness and sadness, joy and sorrow, exaltation and con- tempt. It is buried. We have buried it; but it remained some- where in this world. It lives its own life. Separated fromus.We do not pilgrimage there with flowers and with wreathsor with tear-wet eyes.But in quiet hours, or in the excitement of passionate emo- tions we do feel that it exists. We sense the odor of thegrasses that are growing there or we feel the stinging thorngrowing rank around it. The grave opens itself for fractionsof seconds. And we see, we feel, we hear; the most sensitiveends of our nerves drink lustfully the well-known odors, andthe finest senses of our finger tips feel, feel that our.body trem- bles and that men and worlds collapse into nothing. . . .Collapse: Before this life that we have buried. A life thatwas once a part of our own selves and that lives and livesand exists .... and returns ever and ever and again. . . .!Our memories. IT was on an evening in March. Fresh-fallen snow spreaditself like a layer of white sugar upon the gray and dirtyconglomeration of ice and refuse of the street. Slowly we ap- proached our house. We lived in a quiet street. Trees hadbeen planted along the sidewalks; every house had its littlegarden and even now, in the nakedness of winter, they lookedwell cared for.We had been out together all afternoon and we were quietand happy. She walked beside me in her brown suit and oftenI glanced at her out of the corner of my eye, proudly andhappily.We harmonized in our views of life. We had the sameideals. We had the same ambitions. We had no other desirebut to be happy.Between the two highest buttons of her coat she had thrusta few flowers. I had given them to her. In those days I gaveher flowers daily, blue forgetmenots, green mignonettes or whitenarcissus. The first fresh-picked violets had just arrived inthe florists' shops and I had brought her a big bunch of theblue sweetly fragrant flowers.We were near the housedoor. She took off her gloves. Shealways did everything too soon or she did not do it at all.But she had strong beautiful hands and I followed her self- conscious movements. She opened her coat. She held out theflowers in her hand and looked at them questioningly. Theywere withered. Their heavy little heads hung wearily from the weak stems. She threw them away upon a heap of snow.And there they lay, like helpless chilly children.She ascended the stairs to our house and beckoned to memerrily with both hands. It was so promisingly warm insideand so cold upon the street in the twilight after black darknesshad won the victory over the last sun rays of a happy after- noon.Why now arose that impenetrable wall? And why did sheseem so far away, the beloved figure in front of the open house- door?. . . .I saw a tall slim girl with blue eyes. Roses were in herhands, pale withered roses, that she had worn for a long timeat her girdle, and for which she had changed as many morn- ings water in their vases; sadly she held them in her hands.She kissed the poor dead petals. She wrapped them tenderlyin tissue paper. She tied the fragile package with a blueribbon and laid it in a big box upon letters and other ribbon- tied packages. O, God, O, God! . That was all thatI could think, and I felt hot blood in my cheeks.Memories . Brutal, uninvited memories.The grave stood open for the fraction of a second."I am coming, dearest," I answered the girl in brown, andhurried up the steps.In the warm vestibule I kissed her before we entered theroom where the fire in the grate glistened and crackled. "Billets-doux" Doris Lester. J HAVE a little nanny goat, who found some of my notes,Love missives tied with ribbon, quite digestible to goats;But since she ate my letters, I have changed her name 'tis true;From "Innocent Irene" to "Sophisticated Sue." From the Sublime to the Ridiculous By Anton Tchekov Translated by Guido Bruno. piRST-LIEUTENANT MIGUJEW stopped suddenly andsighed very deeply as on his evening walk he reached atelegraph pole. On this very same spot Agnes, his formerchambermaid, had caught up with him a week ago as he wasreturning from a walk, had accosted him violently and herparting words still rung in his ear:"You just wait!—l will show you what it means to seduceinnocent girls! I will throw the child before your door. . . .I will go into the courts. . . . I'll tell your wife all aboutit. . . ." and then she had demanded that he deposit to hername in the bank five thousand rubles. Migujew thought ofall this again, sighed deeply and was sincerly sorry that hehad permitted the weakness of a moment to burden him withsuch worries.After he had reached his house, Migujew seated himself onthe porch and rested. It was ten o'clock and the moon peepedbashfully through the heavy clouds that covered the heavens.The street and the alleys round the houses were deserted. Theolder generation of inhabitants were about to retire and theyoung people had walked out to the woods. Migujew fumbledin his pockets for matches to light a cigarette and his elbow hitagainst something soft; uninterestedly he looked in its directionand suddenly he was seized by a fright as if he had discovereda snake at his feet. On the porch, propped up against thedoor, lay a bundle. Something oblong seemed to be wrappedup in a coverlet of some sort. The one end of the bundle wasopen and the lieutenant felt something warm and damp as hetouched it with his hand. Awestricken he rose and lookedaround like a prisoner who anticipates escaping his guards."She has done it then!" he murmured through his teeth, andclenched his fists angrily. "Here it lies. . . . here lies the sin!Oh, God in Heaven!"Fright, anger and shame made him rigid. . . . What was heto do now? What would his wife say when she learned thetruth? And what his fellow officers? His Excellency surelywould pat his shoulders, burst out into laughter and say: "Icongratulate. . . . Ha! ha! ha!—old ages does not protect. . . .Some little devil! Our Migujew!"The whole suburb would guess his secret and the respectablematrons would forbid him their houses. . . .The window to the house stood open and one could heardistinctly Anna Philippowna, Migujew's wife, arranging thetable for dinner; in the yard, just back of the door, Jermolai, the houseman, was playing some monotonous melody upon hisbalalajka. . . . The child need only to awaken and to screamand the secret would be betrayed. Migujew felt a never beforeknown desire to hurry. . . ."Quickly, quickly". ... he murmured, "I must act immedi- ately while no one knows. ... I will carry it somewhere andlay it upon somebody's doorsteps. . . ."Migujew picked up the bundle and carried it with slow stepsin order not to create curiosity in some passersby. . . ."A darn uncomfortable situation!" he thought and did hisbest to look indifferent. "A First Lieutenant marching throughthe streets with a child upon his arm! My God! if someonesees me and guesses the truth I am lost. . . . Here, upon thisporch I will lay it. . . . No, the windows are open, someonemight see. . . . Where, oh where, can I get rid of it. . . .aha! I'll take it to the house of Melkin, the merchant. . . .He is rich and has a good heart; perhaps he will even beglad to adopt the child and to raise it."And Migujew decided to take the child down to Melkin'shouse, notwithstanding the fact that it was far away on thebanks of the river."If it only does not start to scream, or unwrap in the bundle,"thought the lieutenant. "Yes, one might well say: 'God be- stows high gifts upon his very own while they sleep! HereI am now carrying a real live human being upon my armlike a young pup. A living human, with a soul, with feelings.If for instance, Melkin will raise the child, it may become indue time an honest citizen of this country. ... It will, per- haps become a professor, or an artist. . . . Or a general,who knows? Today everything is possible! I am carryingit in my arms like a bundle of rags, and in thirty or fortyyears I may have to stand attention before him!' ....Migujew passed a narrow deserted side street. The darktrees stretched their branches like shadows towards heavenand suddenly he felt that he was undertaking something grue- some, even criminal."How vulgar this all is!" he mused. "So vulgar that Icannot think of anything that would be more despicable. . . .why do we throw such an unhappy baby from one doorstepto another? Is he responsible for his own birth? Did hewrong us? Beasts that we are. . . . We amuse ourselves andthe children have to suffer for it. One needs only to considerthe whole affair! I caused this whole unhappy business andthe poor little baby will have to suffer for it his whole life. . . .I'll put it at Melkin's door, Melkin will send it to the Found- ling Asylum; everything is hard there and done according toregulations: no love, no tenderness. . . . Later they will putit to a cobbler to learn a trade. ... It will learn to drinkand to swear, it will probably experience starvation. . . . Toa cobbler they will put it: the son of a First Lieutenant, withnoble blood in his veins. . . . After all, he is my own fleshand blood. . . ."Migujew stepped out of the shadows of the trees into themoonshine of the road. He opened the bundle and looked atthe baby."He is asleep"; he whispered. "Look at the boy, he hasthe nose of an eagle, he looks like his father. . . . He sleepsand he does not know that his father is looking at him. . . .Yes, a drama, my dear boy, a drama. ... I beg your pardon,but what else can I do ... . forgive me. But it seems to befate. . . ."The Lieutenant blinked his eyes and felt his cheeks wet withtears. He wrapped up the child again and continued on hisway. All the way until he reached Melkin's house he occupiedhimself with social questions and tried to subdue the consciencethat gripped his heart."If I were a decent, honest man,"he thought, "I would spitat public opinion. I would take the baby to Anna Phillipowna,I would throw myself at her feet and I would say: 'Forgiveme! I have sinned. Do anything you wish to me, but don'tlet us throw this innocent child on the street! We ourselveshave no children. Let us adopt this one, and let raise it!' Sheis a good woman and she would not deny me this wish. . . . He pictured to himself how he would sit in his own livingroom, reading the paper in the evening while a little boy withan eagle's nose would play on the floor would play with thecord of his dressing-gown; at the same time he saw the laugh- ing faces of his fellow officers, and heard the loud satiricallaughter of His Excellency.But in his soul, next to a torturing conscience, he felt some- thing warm, something tender, something sad. . . .The Lieutenant placed the baby very carefully upon thefirst step leading to the porch and again he felt something wetstreaming down his cheeks. . . ."Forgive me, boy, forgive me, I am an old criminal," hemurmured. . . . He stepped back and all at once he turned onhis heels and said very decidedly:"Well, I don't give a damn! I spit at everybody and every- thing. Let people say whatever they want to. I'll take himanyhow!"Migujew took up the baby again and hurried back."Let them talk," he thought, "I'll throw myself upon my kneesand I'll say: 'Anna Phillipowna!' She is good and kindhearted,and she will understand everything. ... If it is a boy, we willcall him Vladimir, and if it is a girl, her name shall be Anna.And one will have at least a solace in one's old age. . . ."And he really did as he decided to do. . . . Crying, almostout of his senses with fright and shame, filled with hopes andan unexplainable happiness, he entered his own house, wentto his wife, and threw himself upon his knees before her. . . ."Anna Phillipowna," he said sobbing, and laying the childat her feet. "Do not judge me. ... I have sinned. .. .This is my child. You perhaps remember Agnes who was ourchambermaid. .. . The devil himself must have led us astray."And senseless, full of shame and painful doubts, withoutwaiting for an answer, he arose and ran out into the open air,like one who has received a severe bodily punishment."I will stay out here until she calls me," he thought, "it willtake her sometime to regain her composure and to make up hermind."Jermolai, the houseman, passed him, looked at him andshrugged his shoulders. After a few minutes had lapsed hepassed him again and again shrugged his shoulders. . . ."Quite a funny story," he murmured smiling. "There wasa woman here a short time ago, Your Excellency, Martha, thewasherwoman, such a fool! She put her child somewhere hereupon the veranda. And while she was sitting with me in myroom, someone took the child and carried it away. What afunny story!""What? What was that you said?" roared Migujew.Jermolai, who misinterpreted the angry outburst of his mas- ter, sighed deeply and said:"I beg your pardon, Your Excellency, but right now, at thistime of the year in the hot summer months, one feels so lone- some here in the suburbs. . . ."He looked affrightedly at the countenance of his master thatexpressed rage and astonishment."Of course all this is very improper," tie continued, "butwhat can a poor servant do? Your Excellency has forbiddenus to let strange women enter the house or the servants' quar- ters, but if there are not any in one's own household. . . .Yes, as long as we had Agnes, I would not permit a strangewoman inside the yard ; because one had her. But now, whilewe are without a chambermaid, one has to take whatever comesalong. . . . As long as Agnes was here, such improper thingscould never happen because Agnes herself was. . . .""Go to the devil, you beast!" sounded Migujew's excitedvoice. He arose hastily and went back to his rooms.Anna Phillipowna was still seated upon the same spot, andastonished and hurt, had not taken her tear-wet eyes from- theinfant. . . . '"Well, well. . . ." said Migujew, pale as a wall trying hardto smile, "of course all this was a joke. . . . You must knowthat it cannot be my child. It belongs to Martha the washer- woman. Yes, I was joking. . . .call the houseman and lethim take it away. . . ." Bernard Shaw, the sincerest and most brutally frankcritic of English letters, wrote after reading FrankHarris' OSCAR WILDE'S LIFE AND CONFESSIONSa profuse letter of appreciation to Frank Harris, andput his own reminiscences of Oscar Wilde, a story ofthe length of thirty thousand words, at the author'sdisposal.Bernard Shaw closes his letter to Frank Harris:This biography of yours has wiped out all other bio-graphies.Frank Harris has only a very few copies left of thetwo editions of his book.Book collectors and admirers of Oscar Wilde realizedquickly the significance of the work and this book,once out of print, will be counted among the pricelessdreams of a book-lover.Write for a prospectus and you may yet have achance to buy it for the publisher's original price often or twenty dollars respectively.BRUNO'S WEEKLY, Inc.No. 10 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y. Opposed to Birth ControlWOMAN of about thirty who looked fifty, mother of fivechildren, who helped support the family by working in afactory day in and day out, was asked by a social worker whohad administered some relic to her newly born baby:"Mrs. Smith, I have known you for five years and you havea baby every year. You are always in danger of dying inchildbirth and the physicians have told you so. Do not youfind life under these conditions rather hard? Don't you thinkthat you should separate from your husband for awhile inorder to avoid similar conditions in the future?"Mrs. Smith answered: "My dear lady, I just love to havea baby. And I enjoy it more from year to year. I look for-ward eagerly to each childbirth. Those eight days I can stayin bed and rest and do not need to go to work seem like heavento me."At THE NEW ROMA RESTAURANT of health whereyou eat first class and quality of Italian and American cook-ing at moderate prices, a la Carte, run by the well knownPETER ROMA, nothing will be neglected with the be£ltattention to everybody. Everything is brand new and sani-tary. Dancing every Saturday and Sunday. Grand Hall forBanquets, Weddings, etc.P. ROMA, Manager87-89 Macdougal St., cor. Bleecker St., first floorTelephone Spring 1324—^-■■■■ ■■■■— .hum ■■■!! ! j I 111 I | HIIIIIIWIBimWIIII^WW—ll—!!■ ■ lIIIMI I II 111l I!! Ill■■■ ■■TWIT"THReaders of Bruno's Weeklyare askedto become Subscribers Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the past twenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.Write for catalgoue and send one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from a public gravedigger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One of the original 500 copies printed.This book, written by Oscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew YorkTHE ONLY PRIVATE SCHOOL IN OUR VILLAGEMiss Cornelia Kingsland Barstow will re-open her school atTwenty-seven West Eleventh Street, on Thursday, October12th, for children between five and fourteen years of age.FIVE TEACHERS—Manual and Art Work—FRENCH.There prevails a delightful atmosphere of the school-roomin a private home.Rates reasonable. 14 Stories by Maupassant,For 35 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations incolor by Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff darkgreen paper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) NewYork, M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems; Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books.R. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED