Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 4, No. 3 (1923-02) naap_1923-02_01 Princeton University Library 2 types (wrapper, inside); hand-made paper, visible chain-lines 76 22 32 continuous with previous issue images and illustrations on inside paper 6 pages of advertisements same as previous issue Inscription/annotation on the cover in blue crayon/pencil and in grey pencil ('Feb 1923') cover in wrappers glued; inside stitched/sewn Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 2/6d . Beach, two 'Shakespeare And Company' stickers, one on inside front cover, one on inside back cover Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Matthew Joesphson edt Lola Ridge edt Ladislas Medgyes edt Broom pbl Printed by Rich. Labisch &amp; Co., Graphische Kunstanstalt G.m.b.H., Berlin (Germany) prt 4 3 February 1923 Headquarters: Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany Broom Cover Design (Woodcut) Lissitzky cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Transformations Richard Huelsenbeck cre M. J. trl 5-17 Post Mortem Paul Eldridge cre 18-19 Infallibility Paul Eldridge cre 19 Periphery George Grosz cre Illustration 20 George Grosz Westheim cre 21-27 Pop and Mom George Grosz cre Illustration 23 Bourgeois Charity George Grosz cre Illustration 25 Mortuary Malcolm Cowley cre 28 Suicide on the Bridge Paul Klee cre Illustration 29 The Song of the Whip Carleton Beals cre 30-37 Murder Paul Klee cre Illustration 37 Landscape William Gamaliel Shephard cre 38 Untitled Illustration 38 Acrobats Paul Klee Illustration 39 The Discoverers I. Red Eric William Carlos Williams cre 40-44 The Pimps of Death George Grosz cre Illustration 45 The Kid Vsevolod Ivanov cre Louis Lozowick trl 46-56 Untitled Illustration 56 Saturday Night George Grosz cre Illustration 57 A Note on Modern Russian Art Louis Lozowick cre 58-62 Madman Drawing Illustration 62 Madman Drawing Illustration 63 Berlin and the Bubbling Rhine M. J. cre 64-69 Comment L. M. cre 70-71 Untitled Illustration 76 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 72 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 72 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 73 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 73 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 73 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 73 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 74 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 74 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 75 BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb. Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Matthew Josephson. American Editor, Lola Ridge. Associate Art Editor, Ladislas Medgyes. FEBRUARY, 1923 PUBLISHED MONTHLY VOL. 4, NO. 3 Page Cover Design (Woodcut) — Lissitzky Transformations — Richard Huelsenbeck 147 Post Mortem — Infallibility — Paul Eldridge 160 Periphery (Drawing) — George Grosz 162 George Grosz — Westheim 163 Pop and Mom, Bourgeois Charity (Drawings) — George Grosz 165,167 Mortuary — Malcolm Cowley 170 Suicide on the Bridge (Drawing) — Paul Klee 171 The Song of the Whip — Carleton Beals 172 Murder, Acrobats (Drawings) — Paul Klee 179,181 Landscape — William Gamaliel Shephard 180 Indian Drawings (Woodcuts by L. Medgyes) 180,198 The Discoverers — William Carlos Williams 182 The Pimps of Death (Drawing) — George Grosz 187 The Kid — *Vsevolod Ivanov 188 Saturday Night (Drawing) — George Grosz 199 A Note on Modern Russian Art — Louis Lozowick 200 Madman Drawings 204, 205 Berlin and the Bubbling Rhine — M. J 206 Comment — L. M« 212 The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon - sible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Berlin office,- mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is; For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 2/6 d the copy, and one pound five shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. y., April 22, 1922 under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, Schicklerstrasse 5, Berlin, Germany New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. JANUARY PUBLICATIONS BLACK OXEN By GERTRUDE ATHERTOW-has its set- ting in fashionable and literary New York of today, with amazing flash-backs to th&amp; Manhattan of thirty odd years ago. In her "sophisticates" the individual members of some of the most interesting groups in our contemporary life are easily recognizable, and some of their favorite rendezvous are amusingly described. It is the story of a woman born into one of the older New York families, who has lived the greater part of her life in the diplomatic circles of Europe, and the brilliant Lee Clavering, columnist and dramatist. The conflict in the souls of these two intensely interesting characters is an amazing psychological study. With Freudian insight and penetrating truth Mrs. Atherton reveals us to ourselves. ($2.00) S4IOME OF THE TENEMENTS By &amp;N2EA YEZIERSKA- —author of Hungry Hearts, is the story of an Eastside girl driven by a deathless passion for beauty to burn through the barriers of race, class, and creed. Sonya Vrunsky, the Salome of the New York Tenements, flashes into the lives of two men, Manning, a millionaire philanthropist, and Hellins, Betfu Brum me 11 of Fifth Avenue. In the marriage of Sonya to Manning one sees the Oriental and the Anglo- Saxon trying to find a common language, (and this is the theme of the novel) the over- emotional ghetto struggling for its breath in the thin air of Puritan restraint. ($2.00) JPt m wmma a By WARNER FABIAN -Warner If 1 fvl m fftli*! If iMJ§ ff Fabian, which is the nom de plume m wt mm m 9 Mm m of one of the most important and serious-minded novelists in America, sees in youth of today a number of new problems, from which he draws some amazing conclusions, entirely different from those that have beeri furnished by our younger generation writing about the younger generation. He wonders if youth is not merely a product of its environment, if youth alone, is to blame for all the elemental stimulus it finds in jazz and parties in and out of season. You will find that youth takes pretty good care of itself in Pat, the most sophisticated, and yet at the same time, the most deliciously lovely and innocent of all heroines. One wonders after reading this swift moving and daring novel, what sin is, and what it meant by 44 the wages of sin." ($2.00) THE ETERNU MASPUERADE By H. DENNIS BRADLEY—is a pungent, individualistic criticism of human life, and human problems; a history of clothes, yes, but also an intimate history of those who wear them. ($2.00) The London Times says,"Every woman should read this gay review of modes, mate* rials, and morals." Thb London Daily News says, "A good many people will be shooked at it f It is impudent, but it is very clever." HAVE YOU AN EDUGVIH) HEART? By GELETT BURGESS Gelett Burgess has a way o( being continually quoted. He is a coiner of words that remain in use, such as "goop," "bromide," and "blurb," but only because behind each ol them is a real idea. VOU AN EDUCATED HEART defines and illustrates kindness. It is a whimsical treatise not upon morals, but upon courtesy, which is super-kindness-a decorative DON! fipLIVERIGUT iSlm virtue. Are you a pretender to friendship, or EbUbihtfa&amp;gT t NEW YOBK &gt; 'have you an educated heart?" ($1.00) pushers * NEW YORK* 108 West 40th Street 7b o o fit s of International Interest ' Babbitt By Sinclair Lewis Aut6or of "Main Street" "Babbitt is one of the greatest novels I have read for a long time." — //. G.Wetfs. "He has made his Babbitt own brother to our Mr. Polly, Uncle Ponderovo, Denry of the FiveTowns,and the Forsythe family." Hugh Wafpofe. sth. large printing, $ 2.00 The Reign Of The Evil One By C. F. Ramuz Trans fated By James WfiitalT. With an Introduction By Ernest Boyd. A story of a little mountain village, of the peasants at their work, and the conflict between good and evil fought out in their souls. $ 2.00 Guilty Souls By Robert Nichols Author of "Ardours and Endurances" A play by a young English poet that has aroused the admiration of the British public and critics. With a Shavian preface of 70 pages. $ 1.75 zqc goose Max Thy Jacob IDassermann Autßor of "TBe Worfd's Iffusion " "The Goose Man" is the second of Jacob Wassermann's novels to be presented to the English reading public. Many Continental critics consider it his greatest work. Into the solid texture of this immense novel he has woven scores of human lives and dramatic situations —the material for a dozen ordinary novels. "The stage which Wassermann sets before us has all the quality of a Rembrandt painting/ its golden shadows/ its incisive draughtsmanship, its superbly marshalled mass of individuals/ each faithfully rendered, each built up from within through relentless psychological insight. The novel stands four-square, firmly integrated in experiences picture and an interpretation of life. For sheer artistic power, as well as for philosophic significance. 'The Goose Man' is among the most vital and important contemporary novels." Internationaf 8006 Review. "It recalls the personal records of Beethoven, Berlioz and Wagner. It represents the Austrian Master's reaction to a world brayed in the mortar of the great war." New Repußfic. "A world of intolerable beauty."—N. Y. Trißune. 900SC 07CCL7C—U77 Pages—# 2.50 Offered, luitk a year's subscription to TbfeOOTtl for $ 5.50 Since Cezanne By Cfive Bell A series of brilliant essays on modern visual art. "Mr. Bell shines in the highest aesthetic line of current criticism and commands a rarely cultured knowledge of exotic con* temporary painters." — At [antic Mont My. 3rd. American Edition, $ 2.50 American Poetry— 1922 A Miscellany The hitherto unpublished poems of Robert Frost, Carl Sandburg, Amy Lowell, Vachel Lindsay, Edna St. Vincent Millay, Conrad Aiken, Sara Teasdale, Louis Untermeyer and others. "Contains some of the finest poetry ever written by Americans." — N. zT. Trißune. $ 1.75 Rootabaga STORIES By Carl Sandburg Carl Sandburg invents an American folk lore to the delight of everyone who is or who has remained young. "Sublime nonsense, which can carry wit and sarcasm with it and which can climb to the heights of splendid poetry. America keeping abreast of Swift and Gul- liver." N. Y. Times. 1 (fastrated By tße Petersßams. $ 2.00 &gt; HARCOURT, BRACE and Company • 1 West 47th. St., NEW YORK LAY WRITING A professional Course in Playwriting is offered under the personal supervision of Theodore Ballou Hinckley, editor of "The Drama/' assisted by famous playwrights, critics, actors and producers Individual Instruction and Criticism THE DRAMA'S course in play writing teaches in detail the technique of the professional play, you will be taken step by step through study courses, books, and practice plays, from the simplest rudiments to the actual completion of plays, your work will receive the individual attention of Mr. Hinckley. His criticisms will be directed toward your specific needs. He will dissect your plot, your characters, and your dialogue, and give you definite, constructive criticism and help. Producers Will Read Your Plays Throughout the entire course, the aim is toward the completion of plays for professional production and not toward mere amateurish effort, your plays will be analyzed by Mr. Hinckley with the idea of pro- duction in mind, and plays of real merit will be brought to the attention of producers. If your manuscript has the endorsement of THE DRAMA it will receive a reading by managers. Good Plays Earn Big Royalties Many successful plays have made their authors rich. LigbtninThe Bat, The Lion and the Mouse, and many others have earned thousands of dollars. The income from The Bat is said to have been more than $ 6,000 a week. If you have ideas and imagination,you will find the practical dramatic technique and honest and com- petent criticism of this course of inestimable value to you. you will be taught how the public taste in plays changes, as to subject matter and its development. Because of his long and close connection with pro- fessional drama, Mr. Hinckley knows the changing demands of the managers and the public. Limited Enrollment Since the work is so carefully personalized, the enrollment is limited to people of real promise. An enrollment examination will be sent upon request,- upon this will be based our decision as to your eligibility. Fill out the coupon and mail it for complete information. Department of Instruction, THE DRAMA CORPORATION, 528 Athenaeum Bldg., Chicago. Please send information regarding your personalized course in play-writing. Name City Street . , State ~ 147 TRANSFORMATIONS Kakadu and Jamaika live quietly in a remote corner of the great city. They are far off from its big noises and color symphony, and so pro - perly scared that the thought hardly ever comes to them to go out of themselves. It is hard to describe such a marriage, to explain a contract for a bed and a table as they appear in the novels of Balzac in striking glimpses against the background of a metropolis. Kakadu is the son of a doctor who was highly regarded by many comfortable burghers and made weekly trips to the country in a buggy. His mother who had died a few years before of cancer, wrote her name, Driesel, in her maidenhood, and none dared whisper that her father had owned a tavern which bore the for - bidding name of "Tivoli," a dreadful resort. Maidservants and waiters with knives would fall into great brawls with the police. All that was, as people said, "the skeleton in the family closet of the Kakadus." Kakadu himself had inherited from his grandfather a passion for drink and several canine instincts. He remained short in stature. Over his very cradle, his parents had planned his career for the Civil Service; their plans miscarried charmingly. Kakadu always contradicted; you always got the opposite of what you expected from him. He came breathing forth opposition. Without any real grounds, people came to regard him as a sinister man. If only they knew how stupid he was. At times he showed a sense of elegance. He knew to impress his first wife with forty varieties of neckties, checkered, solid colored, striped, silken and of plain cloth. By chance Kakadu became a journalist. When he was thirty years old — and the most diverse callings might have gloried in his participation — he met with an accident. He wanted to board a street car. The people almost sat on the roof. They brimmed up out of the doorways and could be heard complaining: "Horrible! Terrible!" Kakadu, who in a more rational moment would have seen that it was impossible to get on, clambered 1 up on the steps of the forward part. The motorman held up the car and threw him off. When he tried to get on at the rear end, someone spat * with violence into his face. Kakadu raged, he raged for the first time in his life, so that the bristles stood bolt upright on his fat skin. True to 148 the old custom of seizing the pen when one is at a loss for what to do, he placed himself in the posture to write. He sent a very nice article to the Kurier. They wrote him that they agreed perfectly with his contentions, and asked him to call on the editors, since there were matters of principle at stake. Despite its patriotic name, the Kurier permitted itself to play the "opposition," a soft butterish opposition, to be sure, so that no one paid any attention to their attacks unless they were headed "In Protest" — but on the whole a sort of opposition. In fact, the editors trembled at their own daring. Kakadu was graciously received; they scented a kindred soul. Kakadu promised to contribute articles to the Kurier when something arose which was inconsistent with "open covenants." Thus did the celebrated "muse" awaken in him; his writing table became littered with manuscripts, and the files and indexes crowded each other on his shelves. Before Kakadu had assumed the monstrously important role of championing "open covenants" when he was still poor and wretched in every way, he made the acquaintance of Jamaika. He knew as yet nothing of "art" and did not even know that it belonged to the culture of a people; he knew even less what "culture" meant. However he went his own way, a typical German man-in-the-street, without bothering anyone. Jamaika came to the capital to be an actress. Before a business men's club she played the role of Romeo in hose. Someone cried out, "Bernhardt, the divine Sarah!" She re - ceived a bouquet. Since that triumphant evening, when in the feeble glow of a few lights, she had delighted the sex of some travelling salesmen, she determined to devote herself to a great ideal. And so she said categorically: "My whole life shall be offered up to art!" Indeed, she sacrificed herself; upon falling into the hands of Kakadu, she showed extraordinary emotion. He declaimed from Shakespeare; she found it bewitching. He said, that three books of his were to be printed. She trembled with delight. Shyly she said: "Great man, poet! Quicken me with your spirit!" He did quicken her, since he seduced her without ceremony. It was revealed that she still possessed her innocence . . . Once married — Kakadu became almost a fixture on the Kurier — Jamaika soon lost her rapturous gestures, she showed herself very talented, very calculating and of the quick slyness which all men of middle class succumb to. She reigned over Kakadu without his knowing it, for the chains did not weigh. His desire for comfort was appeased. He yawned. He felt himself extraordinarily secure. No one noticed that the balance of power had shifted. In fact, one can only describe it as an evolution in favor of the woman. The instincts of both demanded only peace, absolute peace. The atmosphere is tepid and foggy, the gestures are not the manifestations of a will, the boxing of ears is 149 nothing but reflex movement . . . The legs walk slowly through the rooms; for only one thing could they be aroused, at the possibility of poverty, at the possibility of being forced to work harder in order not to starve. The days followed each other, sleep mingled with awakening, life was a drugged stumbling. The afternoons on which Kakadu was not obliged to spend at the editorial office were always passed in the following manner: the windows were open, at an angle, and a heavy sun fingered the place. Jamaika went through the room, hardly knowing why, listening to the rustle of her underclothes against her flesh. Kakadu however settled himself in an armchair -— he must ponder — a history of the world's literature lay in his lap. It was hard for him to grasp the visions of the past which he needed for his newspaper articles. The cries of children rose above the narrow street, as Jamaika left the house to promenade on the meadow adjoining their house. There was a circus now on the meadow, they were already fastening the roof of the tent on the poles. The head of an elephant could be seen sticking out of his stall. Grooms led horses by. Jamaika noticed a small under - sized man in good clothes who was giving orders to an attendant. When he disappeared into the circus, Jamaika waited; she only wanted to see if the man would come out again, and when he did, she went on, but so slowly, that she could easily observe everything that took place in front of the entrance to the circus. The man had seen Jamaika, he followed her, and when she turned about suddenly in order to go home, he said to her: "Par - don me, madam." She knew how to raise her eyebrows; and she observed the effect of this bit of artistry while the man was fumbling for words. He said: "May I show you the circus? Are you interested in it?" He spoke very quickly in order to keep her from making any objections. "Here you have the elephant stall. For the present only the Indian elephant, Billy, is to be seen. The female, Milly, is probably still on the railroad. They are old animals, madam, but very valuable possessions, indeed." Jamaika only laughed. She no longer found it "shocking" to converse with a gentle - man whom she had not been formally introduced to. Kakadu was sitting at home reading the history of the world's literature. The name of the little man was Butterweg and it appeared that he was a frog-swallower, the greatest attraction of the circus and a celebrity among artists. Butterweg knew the manners of high society, he talked with a slight foreign accent, and spoke with enthusiasm of travels in Italy. Florence was a lovely city and full of works of art. He said "works of art" with the intonation of a connoisseur, so that it became speedily apparent to his hearer what great 150 knowledge he had. Jamaika felt herself transported. She kept thinking: "Charming! Charming! What an extraordinary person!" It did not take long for her to respond naively, the obstacles were slight. One felt oneself, after all, with an artist, with a kindred spirit. For Jamaika still nourished her idea of a career on the stage, her rapture for the eternal and the beautiful, for Goethe and Schiller. It was very difficult for them to part. In the sandy arena they tried to run after each other, but Jamaika tripped and fell, her nose striking the hard ground and bleeding profusely. Butterweg made a fuss about her ordered a glass of water and then sat down next to Jamaika by the rail and played the doctor. "Did you hurt your - self?" he kept asking, "You must stick the cotton way up into your nose, dear madam." He gripped Jamaika's neck and with one hand helped to direct her unhappy efforts. When Jamaika made off, he said softly, "Adieu, my dear lady." She turned very pale — "When will I have the pleasure of seeing you again?" Jamaika shrugged her shoulders, she thought of Kakadu in his armchair, it was very late and she was chiefly interested in avoiding any scenes. And so Butterweg remained standing, hat in hand, not a little perplexed. On the following day, Jamaika promenaded again in the neighborhood of the circus, this time wearing a very seductive costume, where liveried grooms went by leading horses, and the male elephant, Billy, stuck his head out of his stall. The friendship became warm, and even if at first Jamaika was not favorably disposed, Kakadu had a rival who cer - tainly surpassed him in all manly qualities. But Jamaika was only playing. She was playing with the idea of infidelity and with Butterweg who felt himself reduced to a polite intimacy which only aroused his desires im - measurably. He fell so madly in love that he neglected his calling and on the Gala opening night of the circus fell down miserably. At the office of the Kurier Kakadu heard of the fiasco of the frog-swallower. He said to Jamaika: "I have tickets to the circus. If you feel like going, let us go there." Jamaika affected a complete indifference: "I have no interest what - soever in such silliness. My household is more important to me, and" — here she went to Kakadu, gave him a meaning glance and kissed him full on the mouth — "and so is the comfort of my dear Kakadu. Nothing has thus far disturbed our tranquillity. The accursed clamor of the circus penetrates into our very bedroom!" "Right you are, little mouse," said Kakadu lightly (smacking his lips), "Let us stay at home." He had his boots taken off and buried himself in a history of the world's literature. From time to time he would try to recite, with a curiously timid face, the poets of another epoch. Jamaika was already abroad on the meadow, she threw all caution to the winds, and inquired immediately at the box-office for Butter- 151 weg. Butterweg appeared, very downcast, the adverse reviews in the news - papers troubled him deeply. "You may believe it or not, Jamaika, but a man who has the blood of an artist in his veins depends upon the critics. What a disgrace! What will the public think!" Jamaika declared that she had suffered the same experience when she had played great roles on the stage. They spoke of the "fluidity of art." Butterweg cited innumerable philosophers and Jamaika was stirred by consciousness of her ignorance. Then she suggested, without any sense of the consequences of her words, "How would it be, Mr. Butterweg, if you spoke to my husband personally about this matter. You know, I suppose, that he is a journalist and if you can make clear to him what is at stake, he may he able to help you a great deal." Butterweg, who scarcely believed that Jamaika meant what she was saying, stuttered, "Why—certainly, that would be fine, it is always best to be frank and open." Jamaika thought that her relations with Butterweg could be strengthened by this experiment. . . Butterweg, compelled by this plan to hazard all, drew Jamaika into a corner, and like a Saladin, like a shepherd, declared his love to be all powerful, as he fell to his knees and kissed his lady's hand. She felt the ends of his moustache tickle her hand and began to laugh very hard. He took this as a sign of assent and assuming that he was favored, wound himself tightly about her body and covered her with stormy kisses. Jamaika sank down exhausted against the walls of the tent. But she felt a very pleasant kind of exhaustion and the agitated blood flooded her breasts and choked her breathing. As she approached him again with distorted visage she lowered her head a bit and said: "I love you." Butterweg sighed. He suspected that this time the newspaper comments would be much more favorable. II. "Kakadu," said Jamaika, "listen. I just went by the Circus when a man accosted me and presented himself. His name was Butterweg, he was the Frog-swallower of whom you spoke the other day. I said to him: how could he dare to accost me in the street. And did he not know that he was compromising a respectable woman by such behaviour? He apologized profusely and said that he must speak to you about a very important matter and that he was afraid to approach you directly, because he had been told that you were very peculiar in your views, and so he bade me putin a word for him." Kakadu seemed flattered: "Yes, yes. But what does he want of me. He is the same man who was so widely advertised and then fell down 152 so badly on the opening night." "That's it exactly, my dear Kakadu. He wants to talk over the criticisms with you. He wants to explain to you his art, for he fears that he has been misunderstood." Kakadu nodded his head, shrugged his shoulders and rubbed his hands, not knowing what to say. "Yes, he can come. Nevertheless, I find it rather strange that he doesn't approach me directly if he has something to say to me. And then if he thinks he can put anything over on me, he had better know that he is mistaken. Critics cannot be bribed; and he has already shown that his performances are not praiseworthy." Jamaika went to Butterweg and told him that Kakadu had invited him to have coffee with them. But on the following day, right after lunch, when Butterweg was supposed to come, Kakadu said, "My dear Jamaika, I have been re-considering the whole matter. I should rather not have this man come to my house. It may open the door to troubles which I should rather avoid. I therefore beg you to prevent him from visiting us. And (here his voice betrayed his real emotion) when do you expect to see him again?" Jamaika's face took on an innocent expression. "I have already told you that he approached me and begged me to putin a word for him. Since that time I have not seen him, and have no further occasion to. What do you take me for? I am a respectable woman. I don't know when he will come." Kakadu grumbled: "But that is very unpleasant. I never wanted to see this comedian in my house. They ruin your character, they turn your head, and they are all asses, asses. . ." At this moment Butterweg, unconscious of what was going on, rang the bell. Jamaika went to Kakadu quickly and kissed him, saying: "There he is. Be nice to him, I beg of you. The poor man is in such a bad way. There is no need of your making his life more bitter." Kakadu sat in his armchair with the mien of a magistrate, as Butterweg entered. The history of the world's literature lay in his lap and he looked up as if he were being interrupted in his studies. "Am I intruding?" asked Butterweg anxiously. Kakadu tried to give his voice a manly depth: "I have been told by my wife that you wanted to see me on business. Can Ibe of service to you in any way?" Butterweg stammered something about art and criti - cism, and Jamaika, fearing that he might miss his mark, interrupted in loud and cheerful tones; "Oh please do not speak so learnedly! All this learning just turns a poor woman's head. You can hardly believe, my dear Mr. But - terweg, how much my husband studies. Day and night he pores over a history of the world's literature — think of it, world's literature! Dear Kakadu, dear little Kakadu! But now we shall have some coffee. Where is the maid? Everything must be ready by now." Before the might of her persuasiveness the men bowed. When Kakadu saw the steaming coffee and 153 the cakes he thought no longer of learned poses. Later on — Jamaika sat resting one elbow on her raised knee and smoking — the conversation re - verted to artistic things. "But, Mr. Butterweg," said Kakadu seriously, "I do not quite understand how the people can be raised up to a higher level through your art." He put this question as if he were addressing a candidate. He spoke as if he had stayed up many nights over this problem. Butterweg ¥ replied: "My view is that art is art. We must accept that as our hypothesis, once for all, isn't that so? (Kakadu shook his head.) Nevertheless, I don't think we should give too much weight to that fact. I, for instance, act quite otherwise, when I perform in my art." Kakadu felt conscious of his superiority. "Naturally," he remarked, "Each man thinks differently, some more deeply and others more superficially." A controversy arose over the question of artistic inclinations. Butterweg ardently championed the idea that artists are born and not made, while Kakadu was of the opinion that practice makes perfect, that a man could become the greatest of artists by close application. Butterweg said: "As you see me now, so have I been, a frog-swallower from earliest childhood." "That is not the question," said Kakadu, "The question is whether the motives which impelled you to swallow frogs were hereditary or acquired." "I have never given that any thought. All I know is that from my earliest youth it pleased me, to — putting it politely — make my repast of frogs, and I was very easily led to make of this aptitude my life's profession. The boys who played with me cried out when they saw me swallow the animals at one gulp, but I had already tasted the true, the great sensation which was later to be mine." Kakadu, however, was worried lest Butterweg persist in error. He said: "How then could you distinguish yourself from artists like Goethe, Schiller, Geibel, Uhland? They too must have experienced this rare feeling, and yet your propensities can scarcely be compared to the performances of these geniuses. Think of Faust, think of the Bride of Messina/" "You can think what you please," said Butterweg, "but it is just as I say. I feel it in my heart and that is what counts above all. I don't know the tricks of those gentlemen, but if they have performed anything worth-while then they experienced the same feeling." Kakadu felt that he was representing culture and all that was holy to culture. "Oh!" he cried pathetically, "My dear sir (taking the history of the world's literature and lifting it reverently into the air). Oh! My dear sir! Do not speak so loud, that learned people may not laugh at you." Butterweg gave no heed to this warning. All that was sacred to him was at stake: "That doesn't matter to me at all!" Kakadu was silent, he looked at Jamaika and frowned heavily. Then Butterweg began again: "I am thinking of going very far in my calling. I shall establish relationships 154 between my art and politics. You don't understand me? Why, there must be more reality in my art, more relation with actual life." "I understand perfectly," said Jamaika, who was straining all the time to look very reflective. "The opinions of artists are always very interesting. Politics is the symbol for reality to you, isn't it?" "Perfect, madam. Extremely well put, I am flattered at how well I am understood by you." Kakadu's com - prehension became more and more restricted. "Permit me, Jamaika, lam afraid you haven't understood Mr. Butterweg in the least. I would consider it more carefully before saying anything of the sort. Mr. Butterweg counts very much on such judgments. It is well known how much artists depend on other's opinions." Jamaika's innocence seemed to be quite perfect. "But if Mr. Butterweg himself says that I understand him? He must know best." "Mr. Butterweg is wrong. He is deceiving himself in harbouring such views." "Oho!" cried Butterweg, "not as much as that, I only deceive myself in your mind. You can never destroy that which is holy to me with all your learning. Your wife has understood me as I have been seldom understood before. Artists know a woman's soul, they know perfectly whether they are understood by a woman. I believe that the artist is the highest type of man, and when he places woman above himself in under - standing, what must she then be?" Kakadu made an ironic bow: "Your arguments, my dear sir, are so convincing, that I am compelled to concede to you. You will permit me to leave you in the company of my wife, who understands you so wonderfully." He bowed again, and left the room* "That's a nice scrape," said Butterweg. "Well, I suppose we have spoiled everything now." Jamaika laughed, but she did not feel very well about it. "Oh that doesn't matter, my dear, I shall soon bring him around. Do you think he can do whatever he wants here?" Butterweg came nearer to Jamaika and before she could prevent him, took her hand and kissed it slowly. "When shall we see each other, my love?" "I shall come with Kakadu to the evening performance." "Do you think that you can persuade him to come?" "There are means!" said Jamaika—she laughed a little—"there are means which are infallible!" III. Jamaika had overestimated the difficulty of persuading Kakadu to come to the circus. He showed himself very willing, but he said: "I can scarcely understand why you said the circus robs us of our peace, Jamaika. Didn't you say that the clamor of the comedians penetrates to our very 155 bed-chamber?" "I don't remember," replied Jamaika, "and if I did, I wasn't serious. I love the horses there, and there is also an elephant named Billy." "Certainly. Certainly. You shall see your elephant." And he wanted to add, that she ought not see too much of Butterweg, but he feared a scene that might rob him of his peace. They went through the huge gate and Jamaika walked by very quickly, because the girl at the box-office greeted her. Kakadu doffed his hat, although he didn't know what it was about. Butterweg suddenly appeared from behind a partition, he greeted Jamaika, and kissed her hand. Then he said to Kakadu: "You must forgive me for my heated words. lam really of a peaceable nature." Kakadu sniffed at this. He laughed, so to speak, through his nose. "Oh, oh, my dear fellow. I don't mind that at all. Don't I know how excitable artists are?" An usher in strawberry-colored livery showed them to their seats, and as Butterweg left, Jamaika motioned to him again behind Kakadu's back. The show began with a Hungarian march. Twelve "Isabel-colored" steeds danced and reared themselves on their hind legs at command, so that the children cried out with joy and the old ladies sank deeper into their seats with faint gasps. Butterweg waited behind the entrance-curtain. Upon a wooden platform where the clowns carried on their merry antics, a number appeared, the number of Butterweg's act. Kakadu leaned one arm on the plush of the upholstery and said: "I am surprised that you do not see through the silliness of such performances. When I was young, I might have enjoyed this, but, Heavens! one grows more mature, one experiences, labors with the mind." Butterweg did not merely jump into the ring, as did the others. He sought to win the public favor through a stunt. He came in limping, he wailed dolorously, as if he were sorely wounded, and then, just when the public began to be bored, he suddenly straightened out and made a somersault almost to the roof of the tent. The people clapped furiously. Jamaika was very proud of her admirer, but Kakadu only shook his head and said: "Look at that monkey there. Consider for a moment and you will agree with me that one can't go about with such people." But Jamaika was delighted: "I believe that I am beholding a new type of man. He makes himself laughable for our entertainment. Isn't that honorable?" Now the deep tone of the bassoons was heard. The musicians danced in a mad rout about the bandstand, and everyone felt that the climax of the show was coming. Then Butterweg threw a dozen frogs into the air, spread his legs, and stooped. With open mouth he received the frogs one after another in the order in which he threw them into the air. Then when everyone feared that he would be prostrated with cramps, he ran twice around the ring, laughing and smacking his lips as if he had eaten a good 156 dinner. The applause brought the house down. Suddenly there was a mur - mur. Kakadu had to recoil in his chair; he was very white, and at the point of vomiting. A porter wanted to help him but Jamaika said: "Don't you see that he belongs to me? I shall take care of him myself." On Jamaika's arm, Kakadu got out into the fresh air, where he immediately revived. But his great sickness dated from this visit to the circus, his stomach re - belled, and his complexion became yellow and pasty. Since that evening, his legs trembled when he walked, and strangely enough, he began to grow smaller, so that any child was a full head bigger than he. He held a hand - kerchief to his mouth and staggered about, while Jamaika called for a taxi. Once at home she said to him: "My dear, it is no longer pleasant to go out with you anywhere. You remind me of little children, who always lose control of themselves, when they see something that upsets them." Kakadu could not think of anything to say, he lay down in bed, and felt so well in the warm covers that he gave vent to comfortable grunts. Jamaika could think only of the triumph of Butterweg, and she tried in vain to pass the time reading. She said to herself: "What a fool I am married to! Can anybody call him a man? Does he think of anything but his body and his food?" She tossed about impatiently. Her thoughts were in the circus and the sounds of the music filled her ears. She found herself before an armoire. She looked for a dress with pleasing colors, something quite distinctive. She had a robe of bright green silk, and tried it on to see if it still fitted her. She stood before a mirror, and marvelled at her beauty. How comes it that I am married to this man, who never tells me that I am lovely and adorable?" She thought of the words of Butterweg, as he lay at her feet, a shepherd declaring his love. The house was very still, except for Kakadu's snoring. She put on a large hat, like that of the horsewoman, took her little reed walkingstick, opened the door, and was out in the free. She walked very fast, but when she reached the meadow, she saw that the lights of the circus were out. A little boy was crawling about the wagons, and Jamaika asked him if he had seen Butterweg. He told her that all of the performers were in the "Meilhac" restaurant, and offered to lead her there. When Butterweg saw Jamaika, he asked the proprietor to show them to a private room. "I observed," he said, "how I sent your husband off. Is it very serious?" Jamaika blushed. "Oh, nothing very bad, Mr. Butter - weg." After a moment, she added: "Aren't you surprised at my coming here to see you?" Butterweg laughed and raised Jamaika's hand to his lips: "Dear Madam, how could it be otherwise? I know that my love has not left you cold. I adore you." Before she could prevent him, he pulled her to him and pressed his moustache to her mouth. "You dearl You dear! 157 I love you, do you hear? I love you!" Jamaika wept, but she wept with joy. She whispered, "My love, my most beloved, you are good to me." In the neighboring room there was loud singing. Women shrieked, and the proprietor's calm voice was drowned in the uproar. Butterweg said: "You will permit me to escort you home, will you not?" "Beloved, it is too bad, too bad, that we can never stay together long enough." Jamaika pressed closer to the man."I am going to Paris soon. My art demands that I go to Paris. Here everyone is like (he laughed drily) Mr. Kakadu, and that doesn't help my art. I must have people about me who understand." Jamaika sobbed against his arm. "If I did not have my family here," said she, "I should follow you through the whole wide world, to the end of the railroad tracks." In the vestibule they kissed again, until Jamaika tore herself free, and ran quickly up the stairs. The next evening she was waiting for Butterweg. Kakadu was lying in bed, the doctor had ordered a few days of rest for him. "I have been thinking it over," she said to Butterweg, "if I knew of a way of going, I would go with you." "Very simple, you just get on the train." "But Kakadu can't be left alone here!" "Can't he? Well, I don't know what we can do about it in that case." Butterweg regarded Jamaika, but said nothing, and waited for her decision. Then she spoke: "I cannot leave him alone here, he made me what I am today. It is not right of me even to sit here with you, while he is sleeping at home." Butterweg indicated that in this case he would be compelled to make the trip alone. He turned his head as if to call the waiter. Jamaika, pressed, said: "I don't know how it can be done. If he should come along it would be the same thing in Paris. I could never see you without always fearing that he might break in on us." Jamaika remained lost in thought for a long time. Then she said out loud, as if she had found an infallible means. "Can't we force him? I don't love him, I love you, but if I left him behind, I would always be remorseful about him. Yes, we will force him to do everything we want." Butterweg said, "I love you, and I am ready for anything." They appointed an evening on which they would overpower Kakadu, pack him into a cab, and ride to the station. They walked through streets where the skinny little pimps smoked on the corners. She pressed her body close to him. He walked along leaning on her, his mouth wide open. Often he would rummage through his pockets as one who is accustomed to hunt in broad pantaloons for strange clownish things. Jamaika said: "You need not fear him. He is a small man, and his strength is the strength of a child. He is small in understanding, and has no pride." Butterweg replied: "Splendid, my dear. I see that you are assuring me of a grand career which shall be wholly devoted to art. I plan to link my art 158 with politics; clownery has become merely baroque in Germany. That must all be changed. It has become only a sweet and virtuous affair. Dear God! Where is the rhythm of the great warehouses? Where, the whirling stair - ways that whistle up through storey after storey? What statesman of today understands my art?" Out of waiters' homes came the cries of carousing vagabonds, wailing and uncanny. Butterweg laughed. He put his hands again into his vast trousers' pockets and dangled his legs like a yokel. The silhouettes of policemen swept up the street until they suddenly halted, drenched in the glow of a street lamp. "Furthermore, we must compel him to show some energy. All his life he has been unwilling to make the shortest journey. He is petty and fussy, always repeating other people's ideas as if they were his own, but he knows how to give them another appearance." "So, so!" exclaimed Butterweg, "we will get him, all right." When the day came on which Butterweg had arranged to fetch Kakadu and Jamaika and take them to Paris, the noted journalist was spread out upon a couch. He was playing with his dog, who frisked about and barked, dove under the closets and struck about him with his little paws like a lion. Jamaika had already packed the trunk secretly; her travelling coat was ready, and now she was trying to prepare the man for the great event. He had never seemed to feel so much at home in his home. When it began to rain he said, how pleasant it was to have a tidy home. He compared the lives of artists to his own and laughed stoutly. "How can I ever get him started?" thought Jamaika to herself. "Look here, Kakadu," she said aloud, "you are doing those people an injustice when you say that they are bad because they don't live in the same security that you have. It might happen to you also, by some chance, that you should be forced to give up your home, and wander about the world like a vagabond." Kakadu's voice suddenly became very high-pitched, when he spoke he accompanied his words with nervous gestures; when he stood upright, he looked pitifully small. Jamaika could look over his head. "That will never happen, Ja - maika," he said, "I should have to go mad, or some brigand would have to carry me away by force, as a gypsy kidnaps a child." Jamaika still tried to direct his attention to the possibility of such an event: "You can never tell what may come about," she said. "It is better to be prepared for everything, and as for me—l shouldn't be in the least displeased to get away from here for once and see the world, the end of the railroad tracks. For instance I have never seen Paris, and Butterweg has told me a great deal about that city—" "What does that mean—you have spoken to Butter - 159 weg, and never told me anything about it?" he cried. "What is going on? Who is master of this house?" Jamaika scarcely knew what to say, but suddenly she burst out, "Look here, Kakadu, perhaps I am the master of this house. Everything is possible, and sometimes things happen which could never be foretold." Kakadu lay down on the sofa, but then sprang up and regarded Jamaika: "What do you mean? Are you well? Repeat what you said before!" "I shall repeat it when we have time. Now there is no time," "You are not well, you must go to a doctor, and have your head examined. It is all the bad influence of that comedian, I warned you. Now I shall have the trouble of bringing you to your senses." At eight o'clock Jamaika met Butterweg on the steps. "I fear very much that he will give us trouble," she said. "Shan't we try to move him by kindness?" Butterweg had thrown a great cloak about him. "No! It is too far gone, now," he exclaimed. "If he will not, he will be forced. En avant! The train leaves in half an hour, the cab waits below." As Butterweg entered, Kakadu was promenading about his room. He spat on the carpet, and he snapped his fingers with nervous pops. "Gooddayl" said Butterweg rudely, "Have you heard that you are going to travel?" "I travel? Are you mad? I shall never leave this room." "In spite of all, you will travel this very evening, with Jamaika and me to Paris." "Ah, Jamaika has betrayed me!" cried Kakadu, who suspected their connivance. "She shall regret this." Butterweg grabbed the man with little ceremony, gripped his throat, and was going to bind him, when Jamaika intervened. "Don't hurt him!" she said anxiously. Butterweg reflected for a moment, then took a little phial out of his vest-pocket, and sprayed a few drops of brown liquid into Kakadu's nose. Kakadu became will-less and apathetic, he let himself be carried into the cab without a sound. To the porter who carried the trunk, Butter - weg said, "Don't make so much noise, don't you see there is a sick man here!" At the station a Red-Gross man wanted to get a litter for Kakadu, but Butterweg, who wished to save money, said that it was unnecessary. With Jamaika's help he carried Kakadu into the sleeper, a few more drops of dope were sprinkled into his nose, and he fell fast asleep and snored happily. Butterweg stuck out his chest: "Well, so much for that!" Jamaika began to weep, out of indefinable motives. "Poor man," she sobbed, "who would have thought that he would come to Paris in this way." She saw the station disappear in the mist, the last red lights shot by, and a nameless sadness filled her heart, so that for a long time she could find no peace. Richard Huelsenbeck (To be concluded) (Translated from the German by M.J.) 160 POST MORTEM I DIE I stretch forth Upon the lustrous satin, In royal stiffness, In papal dignity, Toes outward. I CROSS THE STYX My finger-tips Drawn across the surface Of the Hateful River, I sail, somnolent, In an old-fashioned boat. I FACE JUSTICE Dripping with sin, Making large pools Like an umbrella, Closed after a rain-storm, I wait. VERDICT Heaven! On the lap of Jesus! Like a youthful bride! O ironic Artist! Incomparable God! 161 SIC TRANSIT GLORIA CHRISTI Over the tall wooden cross Swollen with rains And devoured by ants, The cool, rigid shadow Of a nose and thumb. INFALLIBILITY I am the Clown — Plastered face, Scarlet lips — But how should I Juggle the Earth, The Great Ass's bladder Upon the tip of my false nose, Since I have to balance myself Upon it, As a drunken man? I shall become the Pope — Inverted eyes, Pasted palms — I shall juggle with perfect gravity, And infinite sanctity Upon the rims of my false mouth, Heaven, The diamond-studded hoop! Paul Eldridge George Grosz Periphery 2* 163 GEORGE GROSZ Mediaeval times were the period most propitious for the production of art, for then belief and existence were one. We might even say that there is something mediaeval in every genuine artist. Belief is still the foundation of the artist's existence—be it only the belief in his own election. A last vestige of sanctity is retained in the psyche of the artist. It has been said that God exists inasmuch as he is believed in. Art too is fiction when it is not believed. The human masses have no longer any belief or merely (as it was stated in these pages four months ago) a belief in the "Mysticism of Money"; as our society has no longer a God neither can it have an art. The artist, glorified by the history of art, is perhaps only a rudiment in this godless society. I imagine that our brutal forceful business men consider the artist, living in dreams and visions, much as they consider the flapper. Let him have his ideals and waste his heart in pale blue rapture, but where realities of life are concerned: trusts, world market, crises. — The artist, who can impress such people seriously must be carved out of hard wood, must have their sturdiness and self control, must scrap his whole bundle of illusions. George Grosz may be the precursor of this type. The name of George Grosz evokes a new style of drawing. — Grosz paints too, very good pictures, of which his largest: "Germany, a Winter's Tale" is undoubtedly a remarkable production; but his artistic profile is most distinct in his drawings. —He has a style which does not derive from Cezanne or Picasso, from Munich or Hodler, or from any other of the artistic deities of to-day. His razor sharp, glass-pen hard, even line, which seems cut with an apache knife, exists independent of other art. It exists as the style of George Grosz. The last case of this kind was Daumier. He was flaming passion, a flame dancing above a log. Sparks make revelry around his lines. Do you know how the flame gnaws the log which it will reduce to ashes? Daumier's blazing black and whites gnawed thus at the dry wood of his time— the Pear King, the "ventre legislatif", the judge, the lawyer and Robert Masaire, that Johnny-jump-up of public fraud. 164 There is no flame, no blaze in the line of George Grosz — rather controlled passion which does not take the liberty of running away, fire water on ice. His line is definite and exact; a work of precision like that of modern machine tools; it has the uneasy quietness of the gunman whose finger is on the trigger. It makes one think of the rigour, of the correctness of Prussian barracks, whose greatest joy is the straightest-dressed line. Each hair in a lieutenant's moustache, drawn by Grosz is pulled as straight as though Haby himself had combed it. Here is a style of flat footed impertinence, like the drawings with only one meaning, which small boys scratch on walls and outhouses. This scampish impertinence which prefers a thing, three times underlined to once suggested, this stone cutter's style of unequivocal irreverence was just what Grosz needed to oppose to the cynicism of so called civilization, the superior cynicism of an "enfant terrible," who says freely what he is and what he means. These "privy scratchings" were a discovery to Grosz just as were the cave paintings of prehistoric man and the art of the Bushman to his colleagues of the Higher Art Faculty and he made the most of his discovery. A child of the city, whose only grief seems to be that he did not grow up in the greatest of all cities—New York, he must have been charmed to show these dear people, who carry their heads with such insolent pride, what a joke they were in daring to call themselves "man and fellowman." Many people have talked about his infantilism. A terrible infantilism! They must have a peculiar conception of childishness. His art is quite out of its diapers and conscious, as consciously organized as modern engineering. I do not wish to hurt George Grosz — to whom militarism is as wine to the Mohammedan, or swinesflesh to the Jew — when I say that his art is con - ceived in every line like a strategic attack. It constitutes a complete economy of means and forces, almost a Taylor system of drawing, everything calcula - ted to produce the maximum of effectiveness. There is a young art group called "Constructivists" who (almost romantic) rave about the beauty of engineer-made forms, of buzzing wheels, of motors, elevators, steamboats, steel hammers and propellors. Business is their god; their idol, the engineer who inevitably creates forms of mar - vellous vitality. But these romantic souls overlook the fact that this form creation is only a side product of the engineer's work, in most cases an involuntary accidental result, for the engineer wants to realize, most of all, the maximum effectiveness with the minimum amount of force and material. Even in this regard we find an intimate relation between the calligraphy of George Grosz and engineer created form. Grosz's art does not exist for itself alone — a draughtsman, a class fighter made of it George Grosz Pop and Mom 166 a weapon to crush the base and infamous. Grosz would like to make people active, to unite them socially and politically; drawing is to him what speech is to the agitator, or the editorial to the journalist. Painting to charm the aesthetic sense — still-lives or nudes, —is not his business. He considers it a sort of "Biedermeier" occupation. He loves the newspaper cartoonist, as he loves Nick Garter and Sherlock Holmes and the boxers and wrestlers who thrill the crowds to-day. This type of artist will live long after the easel painter has become extinct. The cartoonist is politically active. In America he represents a power of which we in Europe can have no conception and since the German press is still far from becoming Americanized in this respect Grosz must always create an organ for himself: ' Bankruptcy," "Everybody his own Football," "Bloody Earnest", "The Opponent" — organs of fight, intellectual machine guns trained against capitalism and militarism. George Grosz made his debut with a serious of impressions of cities.* These have nothing of the picturesque, of Brangwyn, or of the airy im - pressionism of Pisarro. The boulevard with its ordered luxury and pro - menading idlers, represents only the surface of this witch's caldron into which the barbarism of our civilization has crushed millions of people, condemning them, in a way, to a state of primitive bestiality. Unsuccess - ful country school masters use this condition of affairs as the subject of their moral lectures. Hard boiled youths paddle around in the whirlpool, until one day they are seized with the desire to reveal to an astonished world the exotic continent across which thousands hurry day by day to oblivion; some of them moralize, others, made more for fact than reflection, are amused by making those jokes which seem to be as necessary to civilized man as the W. G. or the tooth brush. Grosz is one of the latter sort, and as the sensational write-up is an essential of journalism, he naturally does not try to spare people the odour emanating from this pestilential underground world. "Elevators and lorries, undergnawed asphalt — how singular!! Adventurers pass, silk hat black on slippery hair, backwards. The many coloured profile of a syphilitic gleams through the dark one can live even without a nose!!!" * Grosz-First and little Parbolics. George Grosz Bourgeois Charity 168 He thrusts his searchlight into the machinery moved by debauchery and lust for gain. Round skulls promenade along the streets with no other aim seemingly but to carry a brilliantined parting and derby hat. The stale air of obscure bars and smeary cafe's dulls the senses. The imitation gentleman plays the Maharaja, the pimp counts the night's income. Tired harlots prepare their nets to fish for the "client." Devout night porters and madams set the stage for casual loves. Electric signs cast sunshine on their way. Avarice and lust fight a film-battle in the soul of Mr. Mudiske out for a spree. Only the make-up is different, somewhat more suggestive, where the bill is higher. With the eyes with which a whore can x-ray the contents of a pocket book, Grosz looks through the trousers of the bour - geois and peeps under the relentlessly fixed corsets of the veterans of love (who are used to this anyway) to where faded breasts hang and other things appear .. . "But below that point it is terrible and man shall not tempt the Gods," says Schiller. Nevertheless even his ice-cold insolence cannot suppress a certain love for this more than exotic world. Whether he sketches the bald stiff fire wall of an apartment house, or reproduces the chimneys and gasometers which are the background of these scenes, or portrays a harlot's leg with high shoe and tightly supported stocking, every line of Grosz is pervaded by an indefinable sentiment, which in spite of himself he cannot banish. The beginning of the war. The war "the steel bath" (as it was pro - claimed by servile pens trying to persuade the people drunk with phrases of its "moral renovations.") The war, an orgy of the immoral, of miserable egotism, and then that which produced the German revolution; the hyper - trophy of militarism and capitalism gave Grosz a mission. There was no time now for strolling about the city. The talent for penetrating human nature which he had developed had now to be used practically; bourgeois society licking the boots of its idol, militarism, had to be putin stocks; swarms of shameless and unrestricted capitalists fastened upon the country to eat up its last grain of life — like the locusts sent by the Lord to punish the Egyptians — he had to tear the clothes from the bodies of this bunch of pro - fiteers, usurers, and gamblers, as he had done with the street girls, to show entire their decrepitude, their lascivious perversion. Grosz stood on the side of the poor; he wanted to make his pen, machine gun and tank. He was a Spartakist and became one of the grimmest enemies of corrupt bour - geois society and one of its most violent accusers. He depicted its rashness, 169 voracity and dissipation — dragging fat stomachs to orgies organized by shrewd promotors, trying to arouse jaded senses by the spectacle of nude dances and other lubricities. But first of all his fight was against militarism — against that German militarism which brought misery upon a whole misled nation and which, in spite of everything, wished to tyrannize over the people and refused to leave the full manger. When cowardly murderers in uniform killed Liebknecht, Luxembourg, Eisner, he threw off all restaint. His drawing became pamphleteering. He occasionally overreaches himself. He is never afraid of being tasteless. His drawings annihilate, because they are not caricatures, they are portraits. The "Face of the Reigning Glass," is the title of a series of drawings published as a pamphlet, whose circulation reached many thousands. The cover is adorned with the portrait of "The Assessor," reserve officer straight pressed, whose frozen stupidity was already known to Heine. The drawings which follow make a single heroic song, the epic of a certain kind of heroism as it appeared in Heine's lament: "Germany, a Winter's Tale" wishing "the good folk" Heaven "guard thee from war and fame from heroes and heroic deeds." This is a battle which we must fight out between ourselves here in Germany. It is a battle between brothers, humanitarian Germany against class imposition of soldier-drones who, when their class priviliges are endan - gered, defend them with brute force and villainy. It is a fight to free mankind too, which is fought here with wit and talent, and from the days, of Aristo - phanes it has been the tradition for artists to stand on the people's side. Grosz is a phenomenon of his time. Is he nothing more? Will he be forgotten, in the marvellous days towards which we were so lovingly pro - mised to be led, when one must search learned historical works for in - formation about the subjects of his pamphlets as we now do for facts about the Spanish Inquisition and witch trials? Those who believe it is their privilege to judge the great and small artistic immortals may decide. I trust that Grosz, damned to the hell of "doctrinaire artists," will gather about him the poor sinner-souls of Callot and Breughels, of Goya and Daumier, of Swift and Heine, and start a game of football. Westheim 170 MORTUARY Death is an accumulation of infirmities: hairs fall a tooth decays and death; a spot of eczema returns each year with spring; death hides itself in a pimple or a sty in a parenthesis around the lips that deepens no longer; death is rigid being the achievement of a pattern; death is a finished pattern of wrinkles round the eye. Having completed some grand work, to die . . . (Ideally considered death is a simple process of exteriorization: thought builds a mausoleum for itself; the brain is inscribed in granite or a lie.) Coffee at nine each morning with two lumps please and heavy cream at nine: death is the accumulation of such habits and we die at the top first; toes are the last members to turn toward the daisies and eyes the last to stare into the sky. Malcolm Cowley Paul Klee Suicide on the Bridge 172 THE SONG OF THE WHIP Gita lounged on a warm stone at the entrance to the cactus runway. She stretched out her graceful bare feet luxuriously, and her eyes followed the jagged earthquake crack in the nude brown wall of the soaring Torre de Gomares of the Alhambra. Absently her glance traced out the course of the noisy Xenil River, skirting the foot of the bold tower, down to a wide gate in the hills. There a rich sunset pulsed through the fleecy clouds that hung motionless over the parched yellow Vega. Gita was the daughter of every race: tall and sinuous as a Goth, her shadowy violet eyes hinting at the Celtic, the oval of her firm handsome face bespeaking the Iberic, ebony hair Spanish in its untamed profusion. Her dusky silken skin obviously belonged behind a Moorish jalousie. Exotic, too, the high blue girdle lifting her breasts, pressing them slightly together beneath the metallic sheen of her brown dress. But Gita's heart was gipsy. Her symmetry and poise, her very relaxation cloaked passionate intensity, hinted at lawless inner fires. True, she lived like a healthy animal: sleeping when night fell, rising at dawn, eating — when there was something to eat — there in the cactus - paled cave-house across from the Alhambra. When her man Rufo beat her sufficiently, she would twist an emeraldgreen kerchief about her head, polish the chains of tiny Uruguay gold coins hanging from her ears, and saunter over to the Puerta de las Granadas. Beside the grim battered Tuscan columns of that gate she would read the palms of smirking tourists. Gita's one ritual was sitting on the warm stone at twilight when her gipsy heart would be filled with wildest melody. Songs she had for the charcoal fire over which she cooked; songs for combing her hair which rippled and crackled to her feet; but the melodies of eventide were primitive, thrilling, color-drenched. She never sang any of them aloud; their rhythms were too vast and unsubdued. But each communicated a sensuous symbol to her mind: a colored petal, a glittering star, a scarlet leaf, shimmering silk; others were in full orchestration, like a full-blown rose or a living sunset across the open Vega. Gita bathed her soul in this color and melody as naturally as a bird splashing in a woodland pool. Until the evening the stranger came! Strolling along the yellow road with his strong hands clasped behind his broad back, head and shoulders 173 slightly thrust forward, he marvelled at the changing outline of the Alhambra. Not twenty paces from Gita, he leaned upon the wayside wall that hung over the noisy Xenil. Maliciously she gazed at the back of his head, he musing there with his chin cupped in hand . . . Suddenly he wheeled about . . . chest heaving . . . hands clenched — stared straight at her ... a solemn, close scrutiny. In her face, never a quiver ... to her slim brown hands never a tremble — but blue-cowled lightning darted from her eyes. The stranger gulped his breath, nostrils dilated. Locked his hands behind his back. Strode off . . . Gita for the first time in her life became acutely conscious of inner song. The rhythms were now different, wilder, more reckless. The following evening when the stranger passed, an invisible quiver flowed over her whole body, curled around her breasts tingling. Passion crackled and snapped about her. Their glances met, . . . gripped . . . flowed together: cool clasping currents suddenly fuming as when electrons mingle . . . She was swept into a whirlpool of emotion. He seemed to catch her up . . . They were wrenched apart . . . He passed on ... no longer a stranger. The following evening. Gita with sullen eyes stood facing Rufo, her man, near the edge of a cactus corral. Rufo — a lithe, handsome devil, coal-black hair sweeping his swart forehead — held in his powerful hairy hand a whip coiled like a serpent. He flung it down, heeled his hands against his green sash from which protruded knife and gun, spat on his palms. His thin lips curled. He snatched up the whip again. It unrolled, a living thing: leapt through the air in a trial snap. The next stroke fell upon Gita's back. The spiteful lash curled around her ribs, and she flung up her hands to protect her breasts. Again and again it whistled and sang and fell, slicing at her shoulders . . . shredding her thin dress . . . Till the rawhide tip was scarlet . . . But Gita never winced. Her eyes held to a purple, yellow-spined cactus-fig. A foot scraping at the corral-opening. The lash writhed back in mid-air, doubled tamely into Rufo's hand. Gita whirled — cried out. He of the two twilights . . . stocky . . . calm . . . grim-jawed. — What does this mean? — His voice was taut. Rufo, lips stripped back from teeth: What you do here? — Enough of that or I'll have the gendarmes down. Rufo's mouth twisted into his tight cheeks. He snapped the lash at Gita again. The outsider rushed forward. A spurt of dust ... a scuffle . . . a reeling shadow. Rufo has knocked him down with one blow of his heavy fist; stepping back, drives his lash at the fallen figure. Once . . . twice . . . 174 three times: a poisonous bite in the man's leg . . . coiled pain around his arm ... a livid gash in his neck. Acrid dust . . . blood . . . Gita crying out: My God, you'll kill him. The next blow stings her upraised arsm. Laughter. Laughter like the jangle of a heavy chain. Rufo striding from the corral. Gita has fled with him — the man of the two twilights — Mario. He has taken her to Burgos in northern Spain . . . his home. He has paid the priest . . .in the little church of the Sacred Heart of our Saviour . . . thirteen gold pieces. The priest has bound the necks of Mario and Gita together with his silken brocade sash of gold. They are married. She becomes a transformed being, living in a great house with mosaic floors and high frescoed ceilings where dancing girls spill opals and flowers over green meadows. And all her life is changed .. . strangely, unbelievably, magically changed ... as in the wild glimmering legends of her people . . . Picturesque was her gipsy costume; but in her new high combs and long lacy mantillas, in her silk stockings and sparkling French-heeled slippers, she is beautiful, stately . . . tall as a Goth. She learns to comport herself properly, to restrain whimsies, to observe formalities. Tolerant is Mario of her mistakes, ever unruffled, explaining the need of dignity with the servants, helping her manage household affairs. Mario, being a devout Catholic, delighted in initiating her into the intricacies of the faith, teaching her pater nosters, she mumbling over her beads with puckered nose. And the dim cool interior of the soaring Gothic cathedral with the long vanishing vistas of the nave and aisles, with its gorgeous transept, its mighty arched octagon, its lofty columned Coro, was to her more weirdly beautiful than anything ever seen, filling her with rapture, taming the songs of her heart to suave melancholy. Dreamy contentment with life flowed over her warmly. Mario gave her everything she fancied and things she hadn't the imagination to fancy. Even so, at times she was restless ... at other times lonely, though always she upbraided herself when these moods had passed and would try to show her affection to Mario in new and tender ways . . . And the days would again be perfect . . . crammed with contentment . . . with gorgeous fancies. Life was like an ever-expanding peacock's tail. The weeks slipped into months . . . Uneasiness returned. Nostalgia enveloped her like a grey mist. Its coils closed about her. Now . - . occasionally . . . Mario's kindness, his patent goodness, grated. She came to dislike his customary pose of standing hands clasped behind his back; she linked it with his unwavering attempt to be just — just and tolerant on all occasions . . . 175 Warm, scented dusk. She, sitting in the patio before the fountain, hugging her knees . . . overwhelmingly aware of emptiness in her heart — sullen malaise . . . Just an instinct ... a mood. But she recalled how, seated on the stone overlooking the Xenil, sparkling melodies had haunted her — unsung melodies with vivid exotic colors. Now .. . try as she would . . . these songs would not reawake; her heart was a stone against which the red tide of her blood beat all in vain . . . the untamed gipsy blood of her race . .. She grew pale . . . distraught. Mario, noticing, bought her a jeweled sandalwood fan from Cairo, each rib perforated with delicate tracery . . . a carved ivory mirror from Morocco with tiny cupids gamboling about the frame. He took her to every opera and zarzuela by the travelling companies from Madrid and Seville. Nothing availed. Insidious lassitude ruled her. Petulancy invaded her speech. — Why, why are you always this way? . . . That absurdly solemn voice of his; that puzzled shake of the head. — Why not visit your neigh - bors? They are good women; they will divert your thoughts. Gita followed his wishes. The women of her station in Burgos were older than she, but equally cloistered behind the rejas that barred their windows; portly women who found idleness compatible but exacting. Their conversation touched upon servants and clothes, also with sedentary sala - ciousness upon the minute details of illicit love-affairs. Gita soon wearied of their company. She preferred the chatter of the servants . . . She scrubbed copper kettles with zest . . . Mario protested ... A petulant toss of the head ... For a whole week she went barefoot around the house — a temporary thrill . . . Then she dressed up in all her silks, played la gran sehora, was haughty with the servants, pampered herself with every luxury. She became devout. She went to early mass, a black veil framing the curve of her cheeks, drawn tight over her full breasts. A cavalry officer kneels at the same prayer-bench. They are whis - pering their pater nosters. Their hands tremble . . . touch. She drops her fan. He restores it gallantly. They smile. They are happy . . . Fbfc two months: advances . . . retreats . . . sorties . . . manoeuvres . . . They sit alone in a deserted patio. The sky is a smooth shimmering bubble. Their pulses throb. The sky is a vast velvet petal. Their eyes shine. Their lips are tingling. The sky is a still, breathless pool. Stars . . . stars: gold-fish swimming in a still, breathless pool. Plash of the fountain. Pollen-scented wind. 176 Perfume from the palm-frondes. He puts his arm about her ... At his touch nausea grips her . . . makes her shuddefr . . . writhe . . . She buries her sharp glistening teeth in his wrist . . . The weeks winged past. Again she grew effusively affectionate toward Mario. She would slip into his study and passionately fling her arms about him, or, silently, lay a blade of grass on the book he was reading . . . and vanish. As always he was generous and kind. But she wanted something. She wanted the cloud-strewn sky. She wanted the restless night stars . . . wanted them burning in her two hands. She wanted the sharp summer perfumes . . . forever and ever . She began experimenting with Mario's good nature. She tried, at last, by prank, by contrariety, to break down the wall of his placidity . . . tried even to wake him to anger. But he would merely regard her with hurt, pleading eyes . . . would stroke her luxurious black hair . . . would turn away in silence. A Sunday morning . . . achingly beautiful. Mario wished to go to mass. She refused, watching him through half-closed eyes, long lashes veiling their fire. In silence he went alone. She smiled with pity . . . with scorn. She never set foot in the cathedral again . . . Night. Dazzling stars overhead . . . like sparks from her mind. Glinting refulgence seeping through her pores. Pollen-cloyed air warm in her throat. All night, she sitting alone under those stars ... in the patio . . . beside the fountain. Not till morning did she drag herself to her room, numb with cold and despair, her black hair tangled. The servant, at Mario's bidding hurried to her with mandarine brandy and coffee. Later he ad - monished her firmly but kindly. They returned together to the patio. With her sharp white teeth she gnawed pungent spices and queer roots, watching him . . . silently . . . steadily. He grew uncontrollably nervous . . . per - plexed. He caressed her hair. She snatched herself away, laughing hysterically . . . long peals down the patio arcades . . . In August a band of gipsies wandered into Burgos. Gita dressed in a gold silk gown, flung a flaming scarf over her shoulders and sauntered brazenly down to their encampment. All day she sat in the dust, playing brisca with Spanish cards, rubbing dirt on her beautiful clothes, on her stockings, scarping her shoes, eating chick-peas out of a smoked tin can . . . The incident was bruited from the tatterdemalion outskirts of the Barrio de Vega on the other side of the river to the grim Castillo on the hill . . . 3 177 Mario is furious ... at last. Gita laughs derisively. He lifts his hand to strike her. Her body arches . . . quivers. Palm to palm she lays her hands against her cheeks. Her tense biceps press sensuously against her dilating breasts. Her eyes fill with flame . . . then are shadowed by the long lashes. She sways there . . . The musical song of a flower-vender drifting over the patio-walls: Red roses of Castile, Sweet as lips . . . dipped in cochineal, Red roses of Castile, Plash of fountain. Rustle of the leaves . . . mimosa leaves. Clash of the leaves . . . huge plantain leaves . . . and elephant-ears. Pollen . . . pungent . . . satisfying. Mario's hand is uplifted. She sways, waiting the blow. A servant clatters across the stones. Mario's arm goes lax. He turns abruptly . . . stiffly . . . like a switch-signal. He locks himself in his room . . . Night again. A wild storm sweeps down from the Cantabrian Sea, an autumn tempest ravishing the whole littoral. The wind leaps shrieking over the tiled roofs of Burgos. The rain rattles on wall and window; drives diagonally into the open patios. Gita, excited: her visit to the gipsy camp . . . her scene with Mario . . . the storm. A melange of fury . . . color . . . flashing cards . . . pennies in the dust ... a raised hand . . . shapes . . . mad flying shapes. She steals out under the arcades. She loosens her hair. It falls about her body in a full flood, crackling sparkling from the electricity surging in the charged air. The proud masculinity of the storm wraps her round. The rhythmic beat of the falling rain sweeps through her veins. The lightning cleaves her heart. The thunder tramples on her flesh. She leaps into the patio and dances . . . dances to the strange pulsing melodies of her unleashed heart . . . dances in utter abandon to the rhythm of wind and rain — flash and swirl and dip . . . dip and swirl and flash again! Joy and madness roar within her. She runs to the front entrance, unbolts the huge doors, darts into the street . . . out through the driving storm . . . out to the open roads and the fields . . . Flames of color flood over her in a dazzling sea of fire . . . Old songs eddy round her, cleave to her, encircling her loins, her ribs, her breasts, kindling heart and brain . . . New and wilder songs sway and shake her . . . down to the roots of her 178 life ... as a lover might do . . . lift her as with winged feet on through the blackness. She has reached Granada, overtaking the summer. Wearily she wanders along the hot simmering banks of the Xenil. The tz. z. z. k, tz. z. z. k, tz. z. z. k of hundreds of cicadas bewilders her ears. White dust, stirred up by her feet, irritates her nostrils. Around a sharp turn: the soaring brown Torre de Comares. The long jagged earthquake crack running from battlement to foundation has widened. The tower is breaking apart. There is the warm stone .. . There is the cactus runway! . . . Tawny, dishevelled, she passes through to the cave-house. The unbolted door with its huge square nails gives to her touch. She enters. Dank chill envelopes her. Emptiness. Silence. The silence wells .. . spreads out over the moist walls and ceiling . . . thickens . . . smothers her . . . She sinks upon a log . . . peers . . . peers . . . Familiar objects: a blackened pot, fresh ashes, kicked-off blankets. She leaps to the cupboard built in a seam of rock. She flings open the wood-latched doors . . . She takes down the black-snake whip, lets it uncoil from her hand ... again... again ... in fascinating rhythm sinuously, like a living serpent. She winds it close about her smooth neck. The loose ends strike against her hips. One of the ends she lifts . . . rolls it along her bare arm, joying in the contact of cool leather with hot skin. She coils the whip about her hand . . . goes out to the cactus corral in the white pitiless sunlight. Behind her sounds a footstep. Rufo! Their glances snap at each other, settle balefully to burning flame — the hot violet flame of molten metal. Gita laughs . . . boldly . . . derisi - vely . . . making of herself something beautiful to be tamed, conquered. The sound shakes through the heat, through the cactus-paling . . . Still - ness . . . Breathless hush . . . Pungent heat. — Here! — she holds out the whip. Mechanically he takes it, watching her through the slits of his hard eyes. Calmly she walks to the opposite side of the corral, he watching the tempting sway of her hips ... the proud slant of her shoulders . . . the scornful tilt of her head; watching the long fluid line rippling from neck to shapely ankle ... the essence of the grace of the women of every race. He lets the lash uncurl . . . mechanically. He whips it overhead. It snaps like a pistol. Still watching her, slowly . . . hesitatingly ... he lifts it again . . . It falls from his shaking fingers. — Gita! .. . Gita! -— He is running forward. 179 She wheels on him. The jerk of her body shakes her black hair down over her blazing eyes. — Don't touch me. Not till you use that. — Stretched to her full height, she points at the whip in the dust. He hesitates. Sweat streams into his burning eyes. She no longer heeds him. She is staring through an opening in the cacti at the parched Vega crinkled with heat like fretted steel, like the armor of a vast fallen giant. Her heart contracts . . . crinkles up as though it too were cased in steel ... bursts free again tumultuously. Rufo's thin lips curl. He heels about . . . snatches up the whip . . . His great hairy hands knot . . . the veins bunch into tight cords . . . The lash whizzes through the air. It slices through her dress, curls spitefully about her ribs . . . certain . . . relentless . . . with a rhythm of its own ... as though Rufo were a mere automaton. And Gita, arms crossed over her breast, makes a very beautiful savage song of the whip, a song that curls close around her heart . . . that glimmers like cloth of gold. Carleton Beals Paul Klee Murder 180 LANDSCAPE Once, yes once I crossed this way. The naked moon lay in the mud-hole with her lover feasting on mud worms, a dozen stars shamelessly bred in a sharp horse track, a screech owl bumped his nose in the dark and wept and cursed, Two dishrag clouds tried to adorn the hideous soiled sky. This is the way to your house, girl once mine. I crossed this way once. Here in the coppice I found you in a pink gown I gave you, Waiting Another. William Gamaliel Shephard Paul Klee Acrobats 182 THE DISCOVERERS I. Red Eric Rather the ice than their way: to take what is mine by single strength, theirs by the crookedness of their law. But they have marked me — even to myself. Because I am not like them I am evil. I cannot get my hands on it: I, murderer, outlaw, outcast even from Iceland. Because their way is the just way and my way — the way of the kings and my father — crosses them: weaklings holding together to appear strong. But I am alone though in Greenland. The worst is that weak, still, somehow, they are strong: they in effect have the power, by hook or by crook. And because I am not like them — not that I am evil but more in accord with our own blood than they, eager to lead — this very part of me, by their trickery must not appear unless in their jacket. Eric was Greenland: I call it Greenland that men will go there to colonize it. I then must open a way for them into the ice that they follow me even here — their servant in spite of myself. Yet they must follow. It was so from the beginning. They drove me from Jaederen, my father and me. Who was this Christ that he should come to bother me in mv own country? His bishops that lie and falsify the records, make me out to be what I am not — for their own ends — because we killed a man. Was he the first man that was ever killed that they must sour over it? That he was important to their schemes, that he meant much to them — granted: one of their own color, we who altered him must be driven from Norway. Their courts and soft ways. Not that we killed him. One or the other of us had to die under the natural circumstance. He or we. But that if we had been killed, would he then have been driven from his country? They would have made him Archbishop. 183 To Iceland then. Forget Norway. What there? My father dead. Land to the north cleared. A poor homestead. Manslaughter had driven me there. Then I married Thorhild, removed from the north and cleared land at Haukadal. Must Ibe meek because of that? If my slaves cause a landslide on ValthiofTs farm and ValthiofTs kinsman slays them shall I not kill him? Is it proper for me to stand and to be made small before my slaves? I am not a man to shake and sweat like a thief when the time comes. Rather say I killed two men instead of the one. They tried me among themselves and drove me out once more. To the north then. Iceland wilderness. There Thorgest comes to me and asks if I will lend him my outer dais-boards: ready to take me at a loss. Why else? For Eric the Red is a marked man, beyond the law, or nearly, and he who is outside the law has no law, so it would seem: from that man one steals at will — being many in the act against his one. Thorgest keeps the decorated woodpieces. I go to his house and remove my property. He gives chase and two of his sons are killed in the encounter. This time they have done the thing. They search for us among the islands — me and my people. This is the way of it, Thorhall, this has always been the way with me from the first. Eric loves his friends, loves bed, loves food, loves the hunt, loves his sons. He is a man that can throw a spear, take a girl, steer a ship, till the soil, plant, care for the cattle, skin a fox, sing, dance, run, wrestle, climb, swim like a seal. A man to plan an expedition and pay for it, kill an enemy, take his way through a fog, a snowstorm, read a reckoning by the stars, live in a stench, drink foul water, withstand the fierce cold, the black of winter and come to a new country with a hundred men and found them there. But they have branded me. They have separated murder into two parts and fastened the worse on me. It rides in the air around me. What is it to be killed? They have had their fling at me. Is it worse, so much worse than to be hunted about the islands, chased from Norway to Iceland, from south to north, from Iceland to Greenland, because — I am I, and remain so. Outlaws have no friends. Murderers are run down like rabbits among the stones. Yet my ship was built, fitted, manned, given safe conduct 184 beyond the reefs. To Thorbiorn I owe much. And so to Greenland -— after bitter days fighting the ice and rough seas. Pestilence struck us. The cattle sickened. Weeks passed. The summer nearly ended before we struck land. This is my portion. Ido not call it not to my liking. Hardship lives in me. What I suffer is myself that outraces the water or the wind. But that it only should be mine, cuts deep. It is the half only. And it takes it out of my taste that the choice is theirs. I have the rough of it not because I will it but because it is all that is left, a remnant from their coatcloth. This is the gall on the meat. Let the hail beat me. It is a kind of joy I feel in such things. Greenland then. So be it. Start over again. It turns out always the one way. A wife, her two sons and a daughter. So my life was split up. The logic of it also. This is my proof. We lived at our homestead well rid of the world. Traders visited us. Then Lief, Eric's son, sails to Norway, a thousand miles, in one carry. But on his return, Lief the Lucky, he is driven westward upon a new country, news of which he brings to Brattahlid. At the same stroke he brings me back pride and joy-in-his-deed, my deed, Eric moving up, and poison: an edict from Olaf — from my son's mouth — solid as an axe to cut me, half healed, into pieces again. Not that it was new. Only that here in Greenland I had begun to feel that I had left the curse behind. Here through the winters, far to the west, I had begun to look toward summer when I should be whole again. My people at work, my wife beside me, the boys free from my smear growing in strength and knowledge of the sea. Here was an answer to them all: Thorstein and Lief Erickson, sons of Red Eric, murderer I Myself in the teeth of the world. So they chopped me up. The Pope wins Olaf. Lief at court — after a thousand miles in one carry — Olaf commissions him to carry the thing back to Greenland. It grows like fire. Why not? Promise the weak strength and have the strength of a thousand weak at your bidding. Thor - hild bars me, godless, from her bed. Both sons she wins to it. Lief and Thorstein both Christians. And this is what they say: Eric, son of evil, come and be forgiven. — Let her build a church and sleep in it. With the years there began to be much talk at Brattahlid of Vinland the Good that Lief had first seen, that it should be explored. And so Karlsefni and Snorri fitted out a ship. Eric, too old to go with them, 185 watches the ship depart. But Eric is in the ship, with the men, Eric the bedless, the sonless. Fate has pulled him out at the holes of his eyes and flung him again to sea as the ship steers southward. Now the glass darkens as the sea takes them to the New World. They found wild rice, they built booths and palisades. First they traded with the Skrellings, whose cheekbones were high, whose eyes wide, then fought them. Whereas Karlsefni and his men had shown white shields before, now they took red shields and displayed them. The Skrellings sprang from their canoes and they fought together. Karlsefni and Snorri were beaten. They fell back. Then it was that Freydis, Eric's natural daughter, came out from her cabin. Seeing that the men were fleeing she cried: Why do you flee from these wretches, when ye should slaughter them like cattle? Had I a weapon I would fight better than any of you. Lagging behind the rest as they ran because of her belly, she being with child, she found a dead man in front of her. It was Snorri's son with his head cleft by a stone, his naked sword beside him. This she took up and prepared to defend herself. The Skrellings then approached her, whereupon she stripped down her shirt and slapped her breast with her bare sword. At this the Skrellings were terrified and ran down to their boats. So, thinning out, more and more dark, it ran: Eric in Freydis' bones: Freydis now, mistress of her own ship, persuades two brothers, Helgi and Finnbogi, to sail with her again to Vinland: all to share equally the good things that might there be obtained. Lief to lend her his house there. Two ships, each to have thirty ablebodied men besides the women, but at the start Freydis violated the compact by concealing five men more. Karlsefni feared her. Now they put out to sea, the brothers in one ship and Freydis and Karlsefni in the other, having agreed that they would sail in company. But although they were not far apart from each other the brothers arrived somewhat in advance and carried their belongings up to Liefs house. Freydis comes and does the same. The brothers withdraw and build a new house nearby. Within a month the two houses are at odds and winter comes on. Spring. Freydis one night after long thinking, arose early from her bed and dressed herself but did not put on shoes and stockings. A heavy 186 dew had fallen. She took up her husband's cloak, wrapped it about her and walked in the dark to the brothers' house and up to the door, which had been only partly closed by one of the men who had gone out only a short time before. She pushed open the door and stood silently in the doorway for a time. Finnbogi was awake and said: What dost thou wish here Freydis? She answered: I wish thee to arise and go with me for I would speak with thee. — They walked to a tree which lay close by the wall of the house and seated themselves upon it. How art thou pleased here, she said. He answered that he was well pleased with the place except for the quarrel which had come up between them. They talked. It was the brothers' boat — it seemed — she wanted, larger than her own. Finnbogi slow, thickheaded, or asleep consents to let her have it. Freydis split with anger or bad blood returns home and Finnbogi to his bed. The woman climbed into bed and awakened her husband with her cold feet. Why so cold and wet? I have been to the brothers to buy their ship, but they refused and beat me! Thorvard roused his men. They went to the brothers' house, took them and all their people, and slaughtered them one by one as they were brought from within. Only the women were left. These no one would kill. What? said Freydis. Hand me an axe! This done she fell upon the five women and left them dead. In Greenland, Lief now head of the family has no heart to punish his sister as she deserves: But this I predict of them, that there is little prosperity in store for their offspring. — Hence it came to pass that no one from that time forward thought them worthy of aught but evil. Eric in his grave. William Carlos Williams George Grosz The Pimps of Death 188 THE KID Mongolia — wild and joyless beast. Every rock — a beast, every lake — a beast, every butterfly seeking to sting. Mongolians — inscrutable creatures: dressed, people say, in animal hides, looking like Chinamen, and living far from the Russians, in the desert Nor-Koy. Rumor said that they would retreat still farther, beyond China and India into blue unknown lands. A small Kirghiz tribe (*), that had come from the Irtysh river fleeing from the Russian battle front, was now roaming in Mongolia, at some distance from a group of Russians, also fugitives. Brittle worthless characters, as everybody knows, the Kirghiz moved forward without haste. They brought their cattle along, their children, and even their sick. The Russian fugitives, strong and healthy peasants, were being driven without mercy. They left all weaker ones behind them. Some of those died; others were killed. Their families, their property and cattle remained in the hands of the Whites. The peasants were as mad as wolves in spring. They lay in their tents hidden in a ravine, thinking of their steppes, thinking of their Irtysh river. There were about fifty of them, with Sergey Selivanov as president. They called themselves in fact Comrade Selivanov's Partisan Detachment of the Red Guards. They were lonesome. When the Whites had been driving them across the mountains, the big black crags frightened them. Now that they had reached the Steppe, they were bored. The Steppe here was like the steppe around the Irtysh river; sand, tough grass, hard metallic sky. Everything foreign, strange, uncultivated, wild. The hardest thing was to get along without women. All night, they told smutty soldiers' yarns, and when the torture became unbearable, they saddled their horses and went hunting after Kirghiz women. And the Kirghiz women noticing the Russians would fall submissivly on their backs. * A Turkish tribe inhabiting Siberia. 189 It was disgusting to take them thus, lying motionless and with tightly closed eyes. It was like sinning with a beast. The men were afraid of the Russians and moved out of their way far into the steppe. Whenever they saw a Russian they would brandish their rifles and bows threateningly, they would yell, but never shoot. Perhaps they did not know how. II. The treasurer of the Detachment, Afanasy Petrovitch Trubatchov, was tearful like a child and had the face of a child, small, red, beardless. Only his legs were long and wiry like a camel's. When he mounted a horse, he grew stern at once. His face was drawn in and he sat there gray headed, angry, terrible. On Whitsuntide three men, Selivanov, Afanasy Petrovitch, Drevesinin, were sent into the steppe to find good pasturage. A wind was blowing. A heat wave was rising from the earth to the quivering sky. The bodies of man and beast were tough and heavy like stone. Selivanov said hoarsely: "What kind of pasturage can you expect here?" Every one knew he was thinking of the Irtysh river. The sparse bearded faces were silent; the hair on them looked like grass scorched by the sun; the eyes were bloodshot like a wound from a fishhook. Only Afanasy Petrovitch said piteously: ff Wonder if there is a drought there too?" He spoke in a tearful voice but there were no tears in his eyes. A tear was fretting the big dry eyes of the horse under him. And so one after another the partisans went along wild-goat paths into the steppe. The sand was glowing hot; the sand-saturated wind was clinging fast to the shoulders and head; the sweat was smarting in the body but could not make its way through the dry skin to the surface. Towards evening, as they were passing from a hollow, Selivanov pointed south and said: ff Somebody is coming." True. At the horizon a pink dust was rising above the sand. "Must be Kirghiz." 190 They began to argue. Drevesinin said that the Kirghiz always kept at a distance and never approached Selivanov's ravine. Afanasy insisted it could be no one else. Only Kirghiz ever raised such thick dense dust. And when the dust came rolling nearer and nearer, they all decided: "Strangers." The horses understood from the voices of their masters that strangers were coming. They laid their ears back and fell on the ground even before any order was given. In the ravine the gray and yellow horses' bodies looked helpless and ridiculous with their thin rod-like legs. They closed their big frightened eyes as if ashamed and were panting heavily. Selivanov and the treasurer Afanasy Petrovitch were lying at the edge of the ravine. The treasurer was snivelling and whimpering. To allay his fear, Selivanov always kept him at his side; he seemed to enjoy and to find malicious satisfaction in that childish whimper. Dust was sweeping nearer along the path. One could already hear the wheels knocking alternately; one could see the long black manes rolling like dust clouds in the harness. Selivanov said, with assurance: "Russians." And he called Drevesinin from the ravine. Two persons sat in a new wicker cart. One could see red bands on their hats but their faces were hidden by the dust. The red seemed to swim in yellow clouds. The muzzle of a gun emerged from the dust, a hand with a whip appeared now and then. Drevesinin thought a while and said: "Officers ... on business I suppose ... An Expedition . . ." There was an evil twinkle in his eye. "We'll show them what an Expedition is." The cart carried the people fast ahead, pushed the horses forward. The dust, like a fox's tail, swept the tracks behind it. Afanasy Petrovitch pleaded piteously: "No, buddies, better let us take them prisoners." "Have you no pity for your own head?" Selivanov got angry, opened the cock of his gun, noiselessly like a button and threw back: "Stop your bellyaching." What made them particularly angry was, that the officers had come without convoy as if they were in countless numbers carrying certain death to the peasants. 191 One of the officers rose to his full stature, surveyed the steppe, but could not see well in the dust, and the wind, and the red evening, descending on the scorched grass and on the two rocks resembling horse's bodies near the ravine. The cart and its wheels, the people and their thoughts, were submerged in the red dust. A shot rang out. At once the hats, knocking against each other, fell into the cart. The reins slipped as if snapped by an unseen hand. The horses darted forward and tried to run away. Suddenly their manes became coated with a milky foam; their powerful muscles trembled; they hung their heads and stopped. Afanasy Petrovitch said: "Dead." The peasants went to look. Dead they were. Shoulder to shoulder, they sat heads thrown back - ward like hoods. One of them was a woman. Hair scattered, half covered with dust — yellow and black; a soldier's blouse bulged high with a full woman's bosom. "Queer thing," said Drevesinin, "but it is her own fault. Shouldn't have worn a man's hat. Who wants to kill women? We need them." Afanasy Petrovitch spat. "You skunk, boor joy . . . you haven't . . ." "Hold on," broke in Selivanov. "We are no robbers. We have to make an inventory of the people's property. Hand me a slip of paper." In a Chinese wicker basket, hidden under the front seat, they found with the rest of the "people's property" a bright haired and bright eyed baby. Its little hand was clutching at the corner of a brown quilt. Still a suckling, small sized, squeaking. Afanasy Petrovitch said with emotion: "Well listen to it, jabbering in its own lingo." Again there was a general expression of regret for the woman. They did not remove her clothes. The man was buried naked in the sand. III. Afanasy Petrovitch returned in the cart. Rocking the babe in his arms, he sang: 192 "Nightingale, birdie, Canary — Sadly singing. . ." He recalled his village Lebiajy, his home, his cattle, his family, his children, and began to cry in a thin voice. The baby cried too. The fine crisp glowing sand extended far into the distance and cried also in a thin voice. The partisans with tempered faces and souls rode on their small strong Mongol horses. Parched wormwood small and invisible, spread like sand along the path. Sand and wormwood small and bitter. Goat paths. Bitter sands. Mongolia — wild and joyless beast. They examined the officer's property. Books, a box of tobacco, bright steel instruments. One of these was a four-cornered brass box with parti - tions set on a tripod. The partisans examined it, weighed it in their hands. They smelled of mutton fat. From great lonesomeness they ate too much and soiled their clothes. They had prominent cheek bones, soft thin lips, long black hair, dark complexions—real Don village types. And they all had bow-like legs and the guttural voice of the steppe. Afanasy Petrovitch lifted the tripod with the brass top and said: "Telescope," then half closed his eyes. "Good telescope this. Cost heaps of millions. They saw the moon with it, fellows, and found gold deposits there. Pure like flour. Don't have to wash it even, all you need is just to pour it into sacks." A young city-bred chap laughed aloud. "What is he fibbing about? Put the stopper on him." Afanasy Petrovitch got angry. "I am fibbing, you stinking carrion? Just wait ..." They divided up the tobacco and gave the instrument to Afanasy Petrovitch. As treasurer he might swop it for something with the Kirghiz. He put the instrument before the baby and said: "Have some fun, kiddie." 193 But the child went on squeaking. He tried one thing, another. He broke into sweat —nothing would do, the baby went on as before. The cooks brought dinner. There was a heavy odour of oil, porridge, shtchee. They pulled out of their boots wide Semipalatinsk wooden spoons. The grass under them was well worn. The ravine was deep and shady. A mounted guard standing on duty, shouted from above: "Hey there, I want to quit .... I am hungry .... Send up some - body. . They finished eating and remembered—kid had to eat too. It never stopped squeaking. Afanasy Petrovitch chewed up some bread, stuck the moist putty into the child's open mouth, and smacked his lips. "PP . . pp . . here little shaver . . . have some grub, colty." But the kid would not eat; closed its mouth and turned its head away. Running at the nose. The peasants crowded around it. Looked at the kid over one another's shoulders. Were silent. It was hot. Their lips and cheek bones shone with mutton fat; their shirts were unbuttoned; their feet were bare and yellow like the soil of * Mongolia. One said: "Maybe he would eat some shtchee?" Some shtchee was cooled off. Afanasy Petrovitch dipped his finger into it and then into the baby's mouth. The good fat shtchee trickled down from the child's lips on the rose shirt and the woolen quilt. The baby would not eat. "Why a puppy has more sense; it would lick your finger." "Well, that's a brute, and this is a human being." "That's right." There was no cow's milk in the camp. They thought at first of feed - ing the child with mare's milk—there were mares in the camp. But the kumiss was too intoxicating, the child might fall sick. They scattered in groups among the wagons; they spoke worriedly. Afanasy Petrovitch was running back and forth with a tattered coat on his back, with little tattered eyes in his face. He was lamenting in a thin, agitated, childish voice, as if he himself had been the child. "Well, what shall we do about it? ... We ought to. . . ." Wide shouldered and powerful, they stood helpless. 194 "That's a woman's business." "Of course." "Maybe a woman would make him eat up a whole mutton?" "Maybe." Selivanov called an assembly meeting and said: "We cannot let a Christian baby die like a brute. Supposing his father was a boorjoy, the kid is not to blame for it." The peasants agreed: "The kid has nothing to do with it." Drevesinin burst out laughing. "The kid will grow up all right ... fly on the moon . . . mine gold . . ." Nobody laughed. Afanasy Petrovitch raised his fists and shouted: "If you aren't the craziest bitch." He stamped his feet, threw up his hands, and suddenly uttered a piercing cry. "A cow ... we must get a cow for him." All answered in a chorus: "He'll die if we don't get a cow." "A cow is what he needs." "He'll burn up if there is no cow." Afanasy Petrovitch said resolutely: "I am going to look for a cow." Drevesinin broke in impertinently: "Go to the Irtysh, into Lebiajy. . ." "I don't have to go to Irtysh, you assorted nut. I am going to the Kirghiz." "Swop the telescope." Afanasy Petrovitch flew at him. Seeing, however, that they began to swear at each other inordinately, Selivanov, the chairman of the meeting said: "That'll do." And it was decided by vote that Drevesinin, Afanasy Petrovitch, and three others go to the Kirghiz camp to get a cow. If possible two or five —the cook's supply of meat was running rather low. They attached rifles to their saddles, put on Kirghiz fox hats to re - semble Kirghiz from the distance, and started. "Good bye." They wrapped the baby in the quilt and put it under a wagon. A young fellow sat watching it. To amuse himself as well as the baby he kept shooting from his Nogan revolver into the bushes. 195 IV. Dreary Mongolian sands. Russians riding over the sand. Night. Sands exhaling heat and wormwood. In the Kirghiz aul, dogs barking at wolves, at darkness. Wolves howling in darkness at the city, at death. Kirghiz fleeing death. "Could we save our cattle from death?" Green sultry darkness quivering over the sands, hardly able to retain it. Ready to fly off southward in a moment. The aul exhaled the odor of dung, butter milk. Small hungry Kirghiz children sat around yellow camp fires. Dogs with bare ribs and pointed jaws pressed close to them. The tents looked like haystacks. There were a lake and reeds behind the camp. Somebody fired a shot from the reeds into the camp fire. "o—o—a—at. . The Kirghiz left their tents at once. They screamed in fright, first singly, then all together. "(Joy-boy . . . ooy-boy, ak-kyzil ooroos . . . Ooy-boy. . ." They jumped on their horses which were kept in harness day and night. The tents, the steppe, resounded with the tramping of feet . . . The reeds echoed the cry of a wild duck. "Ak- . . . ak . . ." Only one Kirghiz, a grey bearded old man, fell from his horse head foremost into a kettle. He upset it, was scalded and began to wail in a deep voice. And near him a shaggy dog, its tail between its legs, was sticking timidly its hungry snout into the hot milk. The mares were neighing softly. The sheep were running back and forth in the stable as if frightened by a wolf. . . The cows were panting heavily. The Kirghiz women noticed the Russians and lay down submissively on the pillows. Drevesinin laughed indecently. "Are we stallions or what? ... We can't always be . . ." He quickly filled a flat bottle with milk, and, cracking his whip, drove up the cows and calves to the tents. Freed from the string, the calves fell hungrily to the udders butting them eagerly with their heads. "Look at that hungry gang." Drevesinin drove the cows from the camp. 196 Afanasy Petrovitch made another tour of the aul and was ready to leave when he recalled something. "Why we need a nipple. Hey you nuts, you forgot the nipple." And he ran into the tents to look for one. The fires in the tents were extinguished. Afanasy Petrovitch picked up a smouldering log. Choking with the smoke and scattering sparks all around him, he began to look for a nipple. One hand held the crackling log, the other hand held a revolver. But no nipple could be found. Covered by their clothes, the sub - missive Kirghiz women were lying prostrate. The children were squealing. Afanasy Petrovitch got angry and shouted to one of the women: "Hey, there you low down nemakana, give us a nipple." The woman burst into sobs and began to unbutton first her jacket then her shirt. "Ni kirek . . . Al ... Al . . ." At her side, a baby wrapped in rags was crying. The Kirghiz woman bent her legs. "Al . . . Al . . ." Suddenly Afanasy Petrovitch caught her breast, squeezed it, and whistled with joy: "Whew . . . there's a fine nipple . . ." "Ni kirek . . . ni . . "All right, don't be quacking. Come on." And he dragged her after him. He dropped the log. The tent sank into darkness. He helped the woman into the saddle, and, feeling her breast from time to time, rushed off to Selivanov's ravine. "I got it, pals." He said, and there were tears in his eyes. "I got it." V. And then they found that in the dark unnoticed by Afanasy Petrovitch, the woman had fetched her baby along. "Let it stay," said the peasants, "She has enough milk for the two of them. We have cows now and she is a pretty husky wench." The Kirghiz woman was silent and grave, and fed the two babies when nobody was looking. They both lay on a rough pillow in the tent, one white, the other yellow, and both squealing in unison. About a week or so later Afanasy Petrovitch brought the following fact to the attention of the general assembly. 197 ff A cheater, comrades,—the wench feeds her own kid on a full breast and gives ours what's left on the bottom. I saw it myself." The peasants came up to her tent. The babies were there, no different from any other babies. One was white, the other yellow like a ripe musk melon. But it did seem that the Russian was thinner than the Kirghiz. Afanasy Petrovitch was in despair. "Why, I even gave him a name, Vaska .... And now . . . Drevesinin said: "You certainly look punk, Vaska." They found a stick, balanced it on a shaft so that one side should not weigh more than the other, and hung the babies one on each side to see which was the heavier. Wrapped in rags and suspended from lassos, the babies were wailing. They had the specific odor of infants. The woman stood nearby not com - prehending anything and weeping. The peasants were all gone to their work. "Let go." said Selivanov. Afanasy Petrovitch removed his hand from the stick and the Russian shot up straight into the air. "Look at the yellow brat," said Afanasy Petrovitch enraged, "he's all blown up." He picked up a mutton skull lying on the ground and put it on the Russian child. The two sides were now in equilibrium. "Overfed her kid by a full head, eh . . ." "We can't be spying on her all the time." "She's a brute." "We have more to do than look after the kid," All agreed: "We can't be always looking after them." "Well, if you look at it in a different way-—she is a mother after all." Afanasy Petrovitch stamped his feet and even screamed with rage. "You mean to tell me that our own Russian kid is to croak for some nemakan? .. . Our own Vaska is to croak . . ." They all looked at Vaska. He was lying there pale and thin. The peasants were saddened. Selivanov turned to Afanasy Petrovitch. "You know . . . take that kid . . . and let him . . . God rest his soul ... let the Kirghiz kid . . . die . . . we've done in plenty of them . . . one more won't . . . The peasant looked again at Vaska and disappeared. 198 Afanasy Petrovitch wrapped the Kirghiz baby in an old sack. The mother whined. Afanasy Petrovitch slapped her lightly on the cheek and went into the steppe. . . VI. Two days later the peasants were standing on tip-toe before a tent and were peeping over one another's shoulders inside, where the woman was lying on the floor feeding the white child. The woman was dressed in a jacket and leather shoes. Her face with eyes narrow like oat grains bore a submissive expression. The kid was burrowing its face into her breast, padding its little hands over her jacket and kicking its feet in a funny and awkward fashion as if trying to leap. The peasants looked on, laughing uproariously. Afanasy Petrovitch watched them tenderly, blew his nose, and said in a drawl: "Just watch him go to it." And behind the canvas tent, the ravine, the steppe, strange Mongolia stretching into unknown distances. Mongolia, wild and joyless beast. Vsevolod Ivanov (Translated from the Russian by Louis Lozowick.) Saturday Night George Grosz 200 A NOTE ON MODERN RUSSIAN ART It is well the devil can quote Scripture: we know thereby the character of Satan, even if we are in the dark as to Holy Writ. St. Paul of Aix, St. Apollinarius of Paris, Revelation, Apocrypha and other books in the Bible of modern art have been quoted so copiously and interpreted so liberally by the modern Russian artists, in their fight against orthodoxy, that their own identity is never left in doubt. The advent of the Soviets resulted in a heightened productivity among modern Russian artists. Whatever state patronage of the arts may be worth in general, it is undeniable that in Russia the Soviets gave a great impetus to artistic effort by inaugurating a program of reform on a scale hardly parallelled in any other modern State. They abolished the old Imperial Academy, organized a Free College of Artists in its place, opened new free art schools, established Museums of modern art (Museums of Artistic Culture) organized popular lectures and travelling exhibitions, supported the artists, bought their works, employed them in staging popular revolu - tionary festivals, issued new art publications — in a word did everything to encourage the growth of art and to bring it nearer to the masses. Artistic activity rose to tremendous proportions, and yet the threads connecting modern Russian art and the Revolution are a little difficult to trace because the period is so brief and the schools are so various. There is, in the first place, an extreme preoccupation with social theory, an attempt to stress the obvious parallel between the political and artistic revolutions, to break with the past in order to create new art forms just as the Soviets had broken with the past to create a new State; a desire to bring art nearer to life, to make art an integral part of it, to concentrate the constructive essence of the revolution in pictorial form that would have universal import and become eventually universal property. This brings up the second great preoccupation of modern Russian artists: art theory. Formally modern Russian art is up in revolt against the older Russian art and in particular against the didacticism of the "Wanderers" (Peredvijniki) and the aestheticism of the "World of Art" (Mir Iskusstva). The "Wanderers" — Perov, Kramskoy, Gue, Vereshtchagin, Repin — painted illustrated sermons intending to make evil men good, and good men better. It was art with a mission and a message. The members of the "World of Art" — Benois, Golovin, Korovin, Somov, Roerich, Bakst 201 — admitted one message: Art for Art's sake, and one mission: Beauty. The modern Russian artists summarily reject the methods of both. Art has a social function, certainly, but this can best be exercised if the formal laws of art are observed. The ethical significance of art is in direct pro - portion to its aesthetic quality. But it is, precisely, in this respect that the older schools are found wanting. One makes disagreeable facts a little less attractive, the other makes agreeable facts a little more attractive. Both dilute life into anecdote and the method of procedure is in both cases very much the same, must of necessity be so, for the practice of both is based on imitation. The modern Russian artists base their practice on creation. They, too, hold life paramount but their attitude to it and their conception of it can be fully materialized only if the barrier between them and life is removed-—if imitation as a method is abandoned. The modern Russian artists demand before all else mastery of technique, skill of workmanship, and devote themselves to a thorough going study of the elements peculiar to each art: the structure and stability of a picture; color: its hue, shade, value, weight; materials: their texture and solidity; space, volume, depth; form: balance and relation of masses and planes. The reaction began with the ff Jack of Diamonds" (Bubnovy Valet), a school of Gezannists — Mashkov, Kontchalovsky, Rojdestvensky, Lentulov Falk — which tried to solve anew Cezanne's problems. The artists did not seek, like the Impressionists, to record a fleeting, transient impression, but rather to fix the stable and permanent. They employed natural form, but ordered the planes and balanced the masses of their pictures with a view to structural significance. The Cubists — Morgunov, Exter, Udaltzova, Popova, Pevsner — selec - ted what appeared to them most essential in the art of Cezanne and went as far in the same direction as seemed logically inevitable. They used color and form not as elements necessary to represent concrete visual objects but as autonomous elements, as bricks used in the construction of a picture. They attempted to introduce a perspective of depth instead of distance and to set planes in a given direction to express spatial relations. The Suprematists — Malevitch, Exter, Rodtchenko, Dievin, Lissitzky, Rosanova — tried to carry the analytic process of Cubism to its logical conclusion. They sought to get rid of what appeared chaotic in cubism by employing a greater economy of means. They combined pure elementary colors and simple elementary forms in a manner to suggest movement and create rhythm. Malevitch, the leader of the movement, carried simplifica - tion so far as to paint a black disk on a white square. Then he made the next step and painted "White on White". To be sure, the two whites 202 differ in hue and texture. Rodtchenko one of his ablest pupils, painted "Black on Black" (mat and glossy). Then he made the last step by painting three square canvasses in the three elementary colors, red, blue, and yellow respectively. Does that mean that art has at last reached a blind alley? Rodtchenko who passed from Suprematism to Contructivism would answer in the negative. There is a passage into the open. It is the passage leading from art to production. Art should merge with life. Autonomous art has no longer any important function to perform. But the artist has. He should devote his organizing, creative faculties to the productive industrial processes and thus relinquish his parasitic existence. Rodtchenko was true to his doctrine: he gave up the practice of art. Not all constructivists — Medunetzky, Sternberg, loganson, Kliutzis, Lissitzky, Tatlin — hold the same views. Another tendency grants the legitimacy of artistic activity, although it would transform that in harmony with the demands of the new age. Art should root in the weightiest reali - ties of our day. These are science and industry. The Constructivists, there - fore, go for instruction to science and borrow an example from industry. Like science they aim at precision, order, organization; like industry they deal with concrete materials: paper, wood, coal, iron, glass. Out of these, new objects — not pictures — are created not imitative of reality but built with a structural logic to be utilized eventually, just as steam was utilized long after its discovery; — new objects that can affect society just as they are rooted in it. Hence the Constructivists consider their work strictly utilitarian. Technical processes organize dead materials; constructivist art would mold the new social personality. There are still other versions of the Constructivist doctrine, all of them having at their core what one might call irreverently a romantic adoration of the machine. The law of contrast, perhaps. It was in the classical land of Political Economy, the Industrial Revolution, and urban centraliza - tion — it was in England that landscape painting had its rise. Tatlin, one of the most prominent representatives of this tendency, attempted in his Monument to the Third International, to unite art and science and to create a utilitarian work. This monument comprising three stories (cube, pyramid, cylinder) rotating at different velocities (year, month, day) brings the time factor into his work. In different connection and on a smaller scale, the sculptor Gabo also introduces dynamism into his work. He seeks to establish in his sculpture an interrelation of forces rather than of masses. Gabo operates, like Archipenko, with the concave instead of the convex surface common in sculpture, and attempts to solve his novel problems in plastic glass constructions. 203 Archipenko holds high rank among modern Russian artists for his structural sculpture, his sculpto-painting, his work in porcelain and metal, and his excellent drawings. The social and formal aspect are both strongly emphasized by Altman. This artist passed all stages in the evolution from "Mir Iskusstva" to the latest tendencies. He holds that the old art of the "Wanderers" and the "World of Art" as well as the new art of the Cubists and the Futurists is reactionary and out of date. The new age requires a new departure. Two ways are open to modern artists. The first is to abandon art and pass into pro - duction as Rodtchenko did; the second is to create a new art based not on merely visual forms, planes, lines, colors, but an art whose component elements are actual materials; coal, iron, steel, wood, paper. His work "Russia" embodies his theory. It is a rectangular board varnished and polished in some parts and inlaid with coal, paper, black wood in others. The materials are wrought and combined with a view of making an object which while not a picture shall yet have aesthetic value. Aesthetic value intermingled with ethical value, for the work purports to affect human consciousness by revealing to it in abstract form the powerful reality of re - volution with its glorification of labor. Sternberg, though, in general, not indifferent to social theory, confines himself in his work to pure aesthetic expression which he seeks to achieve by a simplification and conventionalization of natural form and by color and texture contrasts. The painters Kandinsky, Filonov, and Chagal have each a well defined personality and stand somewhat aside from the general trend. They may be all termed Expressionists, for their intricate design, their intuitive method of work, and their rich often inchoate fantasy indicates kinship with the German art movement of the same name. Critical literature is as ever abundant. At times the modern critics have a tendency to treat as axioms propositions that are doubtful even as theorems; at times they like to play the part of Apollinaire and explain the artists to themselves. On the whole however there is a healthy tendency to examine fearlessly and searchingly all standards. Punin would have art train the apperceptive and cognitive faculties, to make man perceive the world as synthesis and thereby become master of it. Arvatov would have art be first ancillary to life, organize the human emotions and intellect, make them receptive to progressive revolutionary processes, and be finally distilled in life and absorbed by it. Brick would raise the artist to the rank of artisan and thus make him a useful member of society. ("He who does not work, neither shall he eat.") Gan would 204 banish art from society altogether* ("We declare irreconcilable war on art.") and decree material intellectual production, the creation of socially necessary objects of use. To one acquainted with Russian critical literature much of this sounds familiar. Pissarev, over half a century ago, drew a parallel between Push - kin and a shoemaker, much to the disadvantage of the former. Stassov advocated an art of social utility. Tolstoy's doctrine of artistic f 'infection" is universally familiar. Even the case of Rodtchenko finds its analogy in that of Gue who after a successful artistic career abandoned art under the influence of Tolstoy's evangelical doctrines. In general, however, the modern Russian critics are much bolder owing to their more radical social philosophy and their leaning on the State. The Soviet Government acted on the assumption that a new art can be the work of a new man, himself the product of a new social system. Their policy was based on this assumption and they attempted to solve the art problem in a practical way — perhaps in the only practical way possible — in the way implicit in the assumption. The assumption might be challenged; the policy might be criticized; that the effort is worth making is hardly open to doubt. Louis Lozowick Madman Drawing Madman Drawing 206 BERLIN AND THE BUBBLING RHINE "Grosser als das Beefsteak ist der Tod!" Richard Huelsenbeck. Enter Berlin by the Passage Panoptikum. Under the dusty arcade where neither sun nor rain can pass, elbow your way by the bawds, the tourists and the panders of a new age. Regard the incandescent signs which herald the "Greatest Abnormalities of a Century" or "Jazz Band" or Ameri - can Drinks, the saloons with granite fagades which dispense a synthetic nectar. The gutters are filled with rubbish. These are the distorted faces of the new Shylocks, the vendors of the four winds, the faces w T hich Grosz draws without pity. We have indeed wandered far from the genial (corpulent) Teuton who, lager-laden, sprawled by the mellow Rhine. Nor is it easy to dismiss the mirage of modern Germany with a wave of the hand. The world of Friedrichstrasse is here to be wrestled with. It is the nomansland of the modern artist: he must either survive or die on this front. The previous artistic milieu was Berlin-Westens. A decade ago, in the comfortable imperial days, the doors swung open on ballbearings and gave on salons which were no less elegant and mundane than those of the Etoile; its residents lived ano less precarious and complex existence. And for the million odd middle-class inhabitants of Berlin's most fashionable quarter an art and a poesy were conceived, so faithful to their letter, that the "Berlin- Westens novel" and the "Berlin-Westens poem" became literary by-words. What was this milieu which stamped the art of a whole generation? Nothing but a populous middle class, rich, pleasure loving, urbane, gour - mand, and somewhat coarser than the Paris of the same era. Their complete vanity is mirrored in both the content and manner of the Sudermann novel, "Sodom's Ende," in the demoded plays of Otto Hartleben and the satirical - decadent poetry of Otto Julius Bierbaum, all of which Berlin-Westens in its very vanity and futility took to its utmost heart. Berlin had but recently begun to play the part of a capitol in the intellectual life of Germany. After the Jungdeutschland renaissance however, one "movement" followed another without reverence; the Stormers and Stressers, Naturalists, Decadents, Symbolists, Expressionists, Dadaists . . . The Stormers and Stressers, Conrad, Bleibtreu and the Hart brothers came 207 crying: "Schonheit ohne Reinheit ist unvollstandig;" but they soon made way for the Naturalists, Arno Holz, Hirschfeld and the younger Hauptmann; then were flung poppies, poppies, with the Decadents, Bierbaum and Hart - leben; as for the Symbolists, they were as easily absorbed, although Stefan George was never as honestly admired as were the more comprehensible Richard Dehmel and Gustav Falke. Nor was the advent of Expressionism difficult: the external forms of art had been left untouched by the Symbolists in their rapt contemplation of the interior palpitations of the soul of man and nature; the proper rebound was, obviously, to ignore the interior of phenomena and concentrate on the purely external palpitations of the flesh and the soil, while overhauling idiom, form, language, in short everything related to the expression of the experience. A shallow rebellion. Expression - ism merely served to hide a multitude of digressions. What more fitting than the Dadas come with their bushman cry: "BIRRI-BUMM! BIRRI - BUMM! BIRRI-BUMM!" Thus, we arrive at a species of guerilla warfare in art, whereby everything is ploughed up, plundered, and re-hashed. We arrive at the gate of the Passage Panoptikum fronting Friedrichstrasse. A cross-section of modern Germany's literary history can at least be of negative value; to prove that three or four fascinating personalities, who emerge from the marmalade, can neither be "placed" nor dismissed. I speak of Alfred Mombert, Jakob Van Hoddis and Paul Scheerbart — since no two commentators agree, I have the right to signal them — who are ill remembered amid the mass of names which litters the period between 1885 and 1914. Mombert, Scheerbart, Van Hoddis compose no "school," knew even little of each other. Mombert is said to be living still, although few seem to know either of him or of Van Hoddis, whereas Scheerbart was a popular journalist whose work was scarcely conceded any literary impor - tance. Since the war Jakob Van Hoddis has been accepted as one of the "fathers" of Expressionism (how the curious little man would have rued this!) and the demands of a specialized class of readers have brought forth new editions of all the ten volumes of Mombert and several volumes of Scheerbart. Alfred Mombert may be regarded in turn as a mystic, a pantheist, a disciple of Nietzsche, but in the end it is by his rhetoric that he compells. He is mystical somewhat after the fashion of the English poets of the early Seventeenth Century, Donne, Herbert, and Vaughan, whom Dr. Johnson called "metaphysical." The somewhat preposterous religious conceptions he fumbled with permit him a similar extravagance of image and thought - dissociation. In his dramatic trilogy, Aeon, a vast "Aeon Mythos" is pom- 208 pously sung; but the true feinschmecker of poetry will forgive him his tedious epic of a mythical superman, for the fresh and surprising qualities of his lyrics. To comprehend Mombert's departures from the literature of his compatriots it must be remembered that nearly all the novelists of his time were enslaved, either to Flaubert or to Zola, and all the poets to either Verlaine or Mallarme. In rf Der Gliihende," (1897) we are far afield from Berlin-Westens. His diction has no Gallicisms; it has rather the crude direct accent of old German fairy tales, which were certainly remarkable for their elaborate humor, naivete, brutality and worldly wisdom. The language is extremely simple in construction, but so idiomatic that Mombert can seldom be translated adequately: Und vor den Leichenstein baut man ein Bdnklein fiir die scluvarze Familie. Friihmorgens um sieben aufziehen, die hinterblieben, die scluvarze Familie Der Jung' versucht zu schwatzen, da kriegt erin die Fraize von der schwarzen Familie. Die Tochter hebt die Rdcke auf, da kriegt sie einen Blick darauf von der schwarzen Familie. Der Sohn steht auf, geht nebenbei . . . doch ist er gleich wieder dabei, bei der schwarzen Familie. Schleppt Wurscht herbei! schleppt Bier herbei! Eben schlug es zehne fiir die schwarze Familie. The sequence of the theme in this ballad is always very curious, one hunts in vain for causal relationship, and yet the rhythm prepares one for the just violence of the end: "Schleppt Wurscht herbei! schleppt Bier herbei!" Another poem in the same vein tells of the poet being seized by four hunters and placed against a wall of rock. They search him: "Hast eine Kartoffel gestohlen, wirst erschossen!" They tear his clothes off. "Und sie rissen mir den Rock vom Leib. Und sie rissen mir das Hemd vom Leib 209 They find nothing, until they come upon his heart, which "so softly, softly, beats" and cry: "Hier sitzt die Kartoffel, die gestohlene Kartoffeir "Da wuchs ich riesengrop empor die Felswand und war ein ganzes blutgequaltes Volk." At times he rises to a mad aggression, he "becomes a giant towering above the wall of rock, a whole blood-choked people!" This note is rarely touched in modern poetry, the menace of: Helft mir auf die Rednerbuhne! Stutzt! hebt! helft! eilt! Mein Herz glanzt überm MeerU The following poem which chances to lend itself to translation is really characteristic of the uralt savour of Mombert at his best: Tinkling! — Tambourines! I arise from nights of dark-draped rooms — At the window I lift the curtain. Glittering, shimmering, the sun . . . Below a bear dances. Two stout and healthy boys: green coats, red caps. Glittering, shimmering the sun . . . The curtain falls. I press the bell. Naked whores rush in. "The boys die. The bear goes hungry. The sun gets slapped." Poetry in the hands of Paul Scheerbart, as well, breaks from the mould into which it has been pressed by the nineteenth century and ap - proaches the primitive motives of art. Groping as these men do, living in and yet detached from their period, they at least follow the method of no "school," they are neither symbolist nor decadent. Their moments of bathos and bad taste are redeemed by the fresh and unexpected turns they take. Scheerbart is another "unconscious" type. Although remembered chiefly for his fantastic prose tales, his poetry, insolent, vulgar and grotesque, 210 seems more arresting. Within your urbane civilized German there is a vein of cruel fantasy which Scheerbart exploits. Lack of restraint hurls him to an extreme departure from representative literature; his loud chanting on the wind instruments approaches the vivid slogans of American adver - tisements. Here is "Indian Song:" Murx den Europder! Murx ihn; Murx ihn! Murx ihn! Murx ihn ab! Other poems are less cryptic, although equally electrifying. "Der Lachende Engel" is about "great white disks" which go soaring in heaven, with "blood-red nuts whirling upon them," and angels who go spraying vitriol and crying "Very well! Very well!" Wie war's doch nur? Im Himmel schwebten Grofie blanke Diskusscheiben — Auf denen drehten sich blutrote Niisse. Doch alles schlug ein boser Geist entzwei. Ein Engel lacht dazu Und spritzt Vitriol. Jawohl! Jawohl! In certain of Scheerbart's poems one finds precisely the style of archaic sculpture. The subject sits with his arm in a very awkward gesture, which is at once contrary to the laws of perspective, and mysteriously satisfying. Modern painting may have carried the gospel too far against "perspective" but we can still weep with joy at a perfect piece of distortion. Of Jakob Van Hoddis only one small book of verse is known, Welt - ende, containing some sixteen short poems. Van Hoddis was known before the war by certain of the writers who later formed the Expressionist group. He is supposed to have died in a madman's cell. But the case against in - sane artists has failed ingloriously, and great art is no more regarded as an evidence of insanity (witness Baudelaire and Poe) than insanity as an a priori postulation of great art. Van Hoddis writes with a boundless and monstrous imagination. He is a heroic and isolated figure. He writes from great conviction and great loneliness. From the traditional point of view, every line of his few know T n poems is hard and ringing. The play of ideas is more frequent in him, than in Scheerbart, he is more cerebral and more luxurious. The thought is projected sharply beyond the immediate word or situation. At the world's end: 211 Dem Burger fliegt vom spitzen Kopf der Hut, In alien Luften hallt es wie Geschrei. Dachdecker stiirzen ab und geKn entzwei Und an den Kiisten - — liest man ■— steigt die Flut .. . Der Sturm ist da, die wilden Meere hupfen An Land, um dicke Damme zu zerdriicken. Die meisten Menschen haben einen Schnupfen. Die Eisenbahnen fallen von den Briicken. ff The burgher's hat flies from the tip of his head, cries resound in all the air, roofs plunge down and go asunder . . . most people have colds; railroads fall from the bridges." And as the world rolls to its end, "Through seven heavens the steam of tobacco and of poor sinners' fat rises in thick swaths." Die Wolken winden sich wie Leinentuch, lm Himmel spur' ich grafiliche Exzesse. Die Engel fiirchten sich vor Gottes Fluch, Und haben Zigaretten in der Fresse. Denn Luzifer ist heute eingeladen Und geht mit einem sicherlich zu Bett. Durch sieben Himmel zieht in dicken Schwaden Dampf von Tabak und Armesunder-Fett. Van Hoddis in his less sombre moments is master of a lighter vein, one of superb clownery: Der Mond ist meine Tante Er schmoddert durch die Nacht. Die Sonne meine Grofimama, Hat nie an mich gedacht. The influence of Van Hoddis has been far-reaching. First through the talented and ill-fated poet, Alfred Lichtenstein, (killed, Marne 1914) one of the early Expressionists. Lichtenstein was a happy satirist who adopted the grotesque manners of his predecessors, with less success. August Stramm, another Expressionist, bears resemblance to Van Hoddis: his fantasy, and his plays with words occasionally lift him out of the mob of Expressionists. Huelsenbeck who raised the banner of Dada for a brief day in Germany has disappeared; a brilliant and provocative young man, who preferred, after displaying much indubitable talent, to emulate the vanishing act of Rimbaud. Arp sings his solitary varnished song in Switzerland, a poet without a country, no longer Alsatian or French or German. Who will now lead the dance through the Passage Panoptikum? M. J. 212 COMMENT Astonishing similarities will be noticed between our reproductions of widely different origin—Indian designs and the work of George Grosz, madmen's productions and the delicate drawings of Paul Klee. The pri - mitive man and the refined propagandist, the imbecile and one of the finest sensibilities of our age — what can these personalities have in common? I asked an old Arabian carpet weaver in Gapa to draw some patterns for me. He replied that although he had learned the figures from his father, he had long since forgotten them. However after some hesitation his hand unconsciously traced the outlines of a bird, a fish and a camel. Our Indian drawing of a man sitting in his hammock is rather naturalistic but the "artist" did not forget to draw a hole for the empty stomach inside the body. Thus does the pen of Grosz penetrate beneath the skirts and blouses of cocottes and into the hearts of profiteers and soldiers. The method of these two artists—whether learned from their ancestors, in school or in life—is the same: empiric and conceptional. Their aim the imparting of knowledge and information to others. The excellent book of Dr. Prinzhorn, "Plastic Production of the Insane," enabled us to reproduce some drawings by madmen of the schizophreme group, whose minds are cut off from the outside world and are often split into several different personalities. Their drawings are skeletons which they clothe in the flesh of their imaginations, thus con - centrating them into what can he called a sort of order. Uncontrolled by and uninterested in the world's realities, the insane mind is guided only by the logic of paper and pencil or brush and colour. The two fundamental mysteries — religion and love — form, for the most part, the inspiration of their drawings: and in them memories reappear as in the drawing of the Koroa-man. The mysticism of Paul Klee is evident in one of his latest works which Dr. Zahn calls "The Cosmic Picture Book." The egocentrism of the philosopher separates him from the world as definitely as the illusions of the insane, and the many sides and directions of his (literarily expressed) interests may form a parallel to the divided personality of the madman. But the intentions of Klee are aesthetic while the madman creates from a pathological necessity. Both are unconscious of the antagonism which exists in the other examples. For the Indian's intention is informative like that of the Arab, who wants to draw a bird, but who knows that this figure must decorate a carpet. This struggle between the plastic and the infor - mative exists to some extent in all art productions, unconsciously in the case of children, of primitive people or of the insane; consciously in the case of intelligent artists like George Grosz, whose work is analyzed in detail, in another part of this issue. In the work of the mystic the diversity of empiric reality has no place, and abstract elements build up peculiarly concrete beings, while the positivist creates a new abstract unity out of all the elements of his know - ledge and experience. L. M. The drawings of Paul Klee were reproduced from the Sturm Bilderbucher by courtesy of the Sturm Verlag, Berlin, and those of George Grosz by courtesy of the Malik Verlag, Berlin. — Printed by Rich. Lahisch &amp; Co., Graphische KunstansiaU,G.m. b.H., Berlin (Germany) World's Famous Books Classics of Fiction, Drama, History, Biography, Philosophy, Science, Poetry and Humor Now Produced in Pocket Size —Improve Your Mind by Reading in Odd Moments—Easy to Carry—Order by mail —Size of Books 372x5 inches —Books Printed Uniformly—Bound Neatly in Card-Cover Stock —Take Your Pick of 300 Great Titles at 10c —Quick Service Guaranteed. ONLY 10c EACH The Chicago Daily News of Sept. 13, says that Girard, Kans., has be- come the liter- ary ' ' the U, 7 ital of A 1 Y/t E. Haldeman-Julius, Editor Pocket Series The amazing thing about our new process in printing is ihe fact that it makes possible the production of 300 master- pieces of literature —not extracts, but complete—at the sur- prisingly low price of 10 c each. By using compact, yet readable type, and good thin paper it has been possible to print the complete and original text in every case in a thin volume which easily slips into the pocket. Many readers have become so enthused that they make a practice of slipping four or five of these books into a pocket before starting the day's work. They do not bulge the pocket and are not noticeable, yet are always available. This new process In publishing now makes it possible for men and women who are lovers of the best literature to become well read in time formerly wasted. Many people carry some of these books with them constantly. Over 20,000,000 of these unique books have been sold during the past three years, indicating the popularity of the idea. The library was started with the thought of putting the best literature within reach of the masses. We have spared ourselves no pains in the effort to produce books that meet every requirement. Excellent printing and binding make them very attractive in appearance. "LITERATURE'S IMPRESARIO" An editorial in The St. Louis Post-Dispatch, of September 6, 1922, has the following to say about E. Haldeman-Julius, editor of the Pocket Series; Haldeman-Julius is an Invalu- able citizen. He is doing a cultural work of the first mag- nitude. He is a great business man and one of the country's greatest educators. He is litera- ture's impresario. He is the American Northcliffe, with the immeasurable distinction that while the Englishman was primarily a peddler of lities, Haldeman-Julius Is a salesman of the verities. Of the Girard publishing house the Bard of Avon himself would say: "There's nothing ill can dwell in such a temple." ORDER BY NUMBER Drama 295 The Master Builder. Ibsen. 90 The Mikado. W. S. Gilbert. 316 Prometheus Bound. Aeschylus. 308 She Stoops to Conquer. Oliver Goldsmith. 134 The Misanthrope. Moliere. 16 Ghosts. Henrik Ibsen. 80 Pillars of Society. Ibsen. 46 Salome. O. Wilde. 54 Importance of Being Earnest. O. Wilde. 8 Lady Windermere's Fan. Oscar Wilde. 131 Redemption. Tolstoi. 99 Tartuffe. Moliere. 31 Pelleas and Melisande. Maeterlinck. 226 Prof. Bernhardt. Schnitzler. Shakespeare's Plays 240 The Tempest. 241 Merry Wives of Windsor. 242 As You Like It. 243 Twelfth Night. 244 Much Ado About Nothing. 245 Measure for Measure. 246 Hamlet. 247 Macbeth. 248 King Henry V. 249 Julius Caesar. 250 Romeo and Juliet. 251 Midsummer Night's Dream. 252 Othello, The Moor of Venice. 253 King Henry VIII. 254 Taming of the Shrew. 255 King Lear. 256 Venus and Adonis 257 King Henry IV. Part. I. 258 King Henry IV. Part. 11. 259 King Henry VI. Part. I. Take Your Pick at Only 10c a Book 260 King Henry VI. Part. 11. 261 King Henry VI. Part. 111. 262 Comedy of Errors. 263 King John. 264 King Richard 111. 265 King Richard 11. 267 Pericles. 268 Merchant of Venice. Fiction 280 The Happy Prince and Other Tales. Wilde. 143 In the Time of the Terror. Balzac. 182 Daisy Miller. Henry James. 162 The Murders in The Rue Morgue. Edgar Allan Poe. 345 Clarimonde. Gautier. 292 Mademoiselle Flfl. De Maupassant. 199 The Tallow Ball. De Maupassant. 6 De Maupassant's Stories. 15 Balzac's Stories. 344 Don Juan and Other Stories. Balzac. 318 Christ in Flanders and Other Stories. Balzac. 230 The Fleece of Gold. Theophile Gautier. 178 One of Cleopatra's Nights. Gautier. 314 Short Stories. Daudet. 58 Boccaccio's Stories. 45 Tolstoi's Short Stories. 12 Poe's Tales of Mystery. 290 The Gold Bug. Edgar Allan Poe. 145 Great Ghost Stories. 21 Carmen. Merimee. 23 Great Stories of the Sea. 319 Comtesse de Saint- Gerane. Dumas. 38 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Stevenson. 279 Will o' the Mill; Mark- helm. Stevenson. 311 A Lodging for the Night. Stevenson. 27 Last Days of a Con- demned Man. Hugo. 151 Man Who Would Be King. Kipling. 148 Strength of the Strong. London. 41 Christmas Carol. Dickens. 57 Rip Van Winkle. 100 Red Laugh. Andreyev. 105 Seven That Were Hanged. Andreyev. 102 Sherlock Holmes Tales. 161 Country of the Blind. H. G. Wells. 85 Attack on the Mill. Zola. 156 Andersen's Fairy Tale. 158 Alice in Wonderland. 37 Dream of John Ball. William Morris. 40 House and the Brain. Bulwer Lytton. 72 Color of Life. E. Halde- man-Julius. 198 Majesty of Justice. Anatole France. 215 The Miraculous Revenge Bernard Shaw. 24 The Kiss and Other Stories. Chekhov. 285 Euphorlan in Texas. George Moore. 219 The Human Tragedy. Anatole France. 1% The Marquise. George Sand. 239 Twenty-Six Men and a Girl. Gorki. 29 Dreams. Olive i Schrelner. 232 The Three Strangers Thomas Hardy. 277 The Man Without a Country. F. E. Hale. History, Biography 312 Life and Works of Laurence Sterne. Gunn. 328 Addison and His Times. Finger. 324 Life of Lincoln. Bowers. 323 The Life of Joan of Arc. 339 Thoreau—the Man Who Escaped From the Herd. Finger. 126 History of Rome. A, F. Giles. 128 Julius Caesar: Who He Was. 185 History of Printing. 149 Historic Crimes and Criminals. Finger. 175 Science of History. Froude. 104 Battle of Waterloo. Victor Hugo. 25 Voltaire. Victor Hugo. 125 War Speeches of Wood- row Wilson. 22 Tolstoi: His Life and Works. 142 Bismarck and the Ger- man Empire. 286 When the Puritans. Were in Power. 343 Life of Columbus. 66 Crimes of the Borgias. Dumas. 287 Whistler: The Man and His Work. 51 Bruno: His Life and Martyrdom. 147 Cromwell and His Time. 236 State and Heart Affairs of Henry VIII. 50 Palne's Common Sense. 88 Vindication of Paine. 33 Brann: Smasher of Shams. 163 Sex Life in Greece and Rome. 214 Speeches of Lincoln. 276 Speeches and Letters of Geo. Washington. 223 Essay on Swinburne. 144 Was Poe Immoral? Whitman. 227 Keats. The Man and His Work. 150 Lost Civilizations. Finger. ORDER BY NUMBER 170 Constantine and the Beginnings of Christianity, 201 Satan and the Saints. 67 Church History. H. M. Tichenor. 169 Voices From the Past. 266 Life of Shakespeare and Analysis of His Plays. 123 Life of Madame Du Barry. 139 Life of Dante. 69 Life of Mary, Queen of Scots. Dumas. 5 Life of Samuel Johnson. Macaulay. 174 Trial of Wm. Penn. Humor 291 Jumping Frog and Other Humorous Tales. Mark Twain. 193 Wit and Wisdom of Charles Lamb. 18 Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow. Jerome. 166 English as She Is Spoke Mark Twain. 231 Eight Humorous Sketches. Mark Twain. 205 Artemus Ward. His Book. 187 Whistler's Humor. 216 Wit of Heinridi Heine. Geo. Eliot. 20 Let's Laugh. Nasby. Literature 278 Friendship and Other Essays. Thoreau. 195 Thoughts on Nature. Thoreau. 194 Lord Chesterfield's Letters. 48 Bacon's Essays. 63 A Defense of Poetry. Shelley. 97 Love Letters of King Henry VIII. Haldeman-Julius Company, Dept. S-20, Girard, Kans. ORDER BY NUMBER Take Your at Only 10c a Book (Continued from last page.) Philosophy, Religion 89 Love Letters of Men and Women of Genius. 186 How I Wrote "The Raven." Poe. 87 Love, an Essay. Montaigne. 60 Emerson's Essays. 84 Love Letters of a Portuguese Nun. 26 On Going to Church. G. B Shaw. 135 Socialism for Million- aires. G. 5. Shaw. 61 Tolstoi's Essays. 176 Four Essays. Havelock Ellis. 160 Lecture on Shakespeare. Ingersoll. 75 Choice of Books Carlyle. 288 Essays on Chesterfield and Rabelais. Sainte-Beuve. 76 The Prince of Peace. W. J. Bryan. 86 On Reading. Brandes. 95 Confessions of An Opium Eater. 213 Lecture on Lincoln Ingersoll. 177 Subjection of Women. John Stuart Mill. 17 On Walking. Thoreau. 70 Charles Lamb's Essays. 235 Essays. Gilbert K. Chesterton. 7 A Liberal Education. Thomas Huxley. 233 Thoughts on Literature and Art. Goethe. 225 Condescension In For- eigners. Lowell. 221 Women, and Other Essays. Maeterlinck. 10 Shelley. Francis Thompson. 289 Pepys' Diary. 299 Prose Nature Notes. Walt Whitman. 315 Pen, Pencil and Poison. Oscar Wilde. 313 The Decay of Lying. Oscar Wilde. 36 Soul of Man Under Socialism. O. Wilde. 293 Francois Villon: Student. Poet and Housebreaker. Stevenson. Maxims, Epigrams 77 What Great Men Have Have said About Women. 304 What Great Women Have 3ald About Men. 179 Gems from Emerson. 310 The Wisdom of Thadteray. 56 Wisdom of Ingersoll. 106 Aphorisms. Geo. Sand. 168 Epigrams. O. Wilde. 59 Epigrams of Wit and Wisdom. 35 Maxims. Rochefoucauld. 154 Epigrams of Ibsen. 197 Witticisms and Reflections. De Sevigne. 180 Epigrams of George Bernard Shaw. 155 Maxims. Napoleon. 181 Epigrams. Thoreau. 228 Aphorisms. Huxley. 113 Proverbs of England. 114 Proverbs of France. 115 Proverbs of Japan. 116 Proverbs of China. 117 Proverbs of Italy. 118 Proverbs of Russia. 119 Proverbs of Ireland. 120 Proverbs of Spain. 121 Proverbs of Arabia. 159 A Guide to Plato. Durant. 347 A Guide to Stoicism. St. George Stock. 322 The Buddhist Philosophy of Life. 124 Theory of Reincarnation Explained. 157 Plato's Republic. 62 Schopenhauer's Essays. 94 Trial and Death of Socrates. 65 Meditations of Marcus Aurelius. 64 Rudolf Eucken: His Life and Philosophy. 101 Thoughts of Pascal. 4 Age of Reason. Thomas Paine. 55 Herbert Spencer: His Life and Works. 44 Aesop's Fables. 165 Discovery of the Future H. G. Wells. % Dialogues of Plato. 325 Essence of Buddhism. 103 Pocket Theology. Voltaire. 132 Foundations of Religion. 138 Studies in Pessimism. Schopenhauer. 211 Idea of God In Nature. John Stuart Mill. 212 Life and Character. Goethe. 200 Ignorant Philosopher. Voltaire. 210 The Stoic Philosophy. Prof. G. Murray. 224 God: Known and Un- known. Butler. 19 Nietzsche: Who He Was and What He stood For. 204 Sun Worship and Later Beliefs. &gt;L» and Lft • V* This handsome book cover made of genuine grain seal leather is Intended to slip over any of the books In the Pocket Series, preventing soiling and tearing of the covers. We sell these specially made covers at cost-50 cents each. The lea- ther covers are unlettered, which, together with the quality of the material, gives it a quaint dignity. Simply add 50 cents to your remittance and say you want a leather cover. Otte cover will be sufficient for all the books you order. 207 Olympian Gods. H. M. Tldienor. 184 Primitive Beliefs. 153 Chinese Philosophy of Life. 30 What Life Means to Me. Jack London. Poetry 317 L'Allegro and Other Poems. Milton. 282 Rime of the Ancient Mariner. Coleridge. 152 The Kasidah. Sir Richard F. Burton. 329 Dante's Inferno. Vol. 1. 330 Dante's Inferno. Vol. 2. 297 Poems. Robt. Southey, 3% A Shropshire Lad. Housman. 284 Poems of Robt. Burns. 1 Rubayiat of Omar Khayyam. 73 Walt Whitman's Poems. 2 Wilde's Ballad of Read- ing Jail. 32 Poe's Poems. 164 Michael Angelo's Sonnets. 71 Poems of Evolution. 146 Snow-Bound. Pied Piper. 9 Great English Poems. 79 Enoch Arden. 68 Shakespeare's Sonnets. 281 Lays of Ancient Rome Macaulay. 173 Vision of Sir Launfal. 222 The Vampire and Other Poems. Science 327 The Ice Age. Charles J. Finger. 321 A History of Evolution. Fenton. 217 The Puzzle of Personal- ity; a Study in Psycho- Analysis. Fielding. 190 Psycho-Analysis—The Key to Human Be- havior. Fielding. 140 Biology and Spiritual Philosophy. SPECIAL BARGAIN We have an amazing proposition for those who order full sets of 300 volumes. At 10 c per copy this set is worth $30 —our special price only $16.90, which is less than 6c per volume. To have this entire set is to have a University in Print. Entire Library—every book listed in this advertisement —-300 volumes —worth $30, at bargain price of only $16.90. Act today. Full sets are carefully gathered and packed in substantial cases. If you want less than a full set take your pick of the titles at 10 c per volume, ordering by number. FULL SET—3OO VOLUMES—WORTH $ 30—ONLY $ 16.90. NOTE: The Haldeman-Julius Company, !n addition to publishing the Ten Cent Pocket Series also issues a monthly magazine, which is called Life and Letters. Life and Letters will do in the magazine world what the Ten Cent Pocket Series has done in the book world. It will open the door to cul- ture. This large, well printed literary magazine costs only 50 cents per year— 12 big issues for only 50 cents —a rare bargain. If you are tired of paying excessive prices for your magazines then be sure to subscribe for Life and Let- ters. Merely add 50 cents to your remittance for books and say you want Life and Letters. In Canada and other foreign countries the subscription price is $1.00 ORDER BY NUMBER 275 The Building of the Earth. C L. Fenton. 49 Three Lectures on Evolution. Haeckel. 42 From Monkey to Man. 238 Reflections on Modern Science. Huxley. 202 Survival of the Fittest. H. M. Tichenor. 191 Evolution vs. Religion. Balmforth. 133 Electricity Explained. 92 Hypnotism Made Plain. 53 Insects and Men: Instinct and Reason. 189 Eugenics. Havelock Ellis. Series of Debates. 130 Controversy on Chris- tianity. ingersoll and Gladstone. 43 Marriage and Divorce. Horace Greeley and Robert Owen. 208 Debate on Blrih Control. Mrs. Sanger and Winter Russell. II Debate on Religion. 39 Did Jesus Ever Live? 129 Rome or Reason. Inger- soll and Manning. 122 Spiritualism. Conan Doyle and McCabe. 171 Has Life Any Meaning? Frank Harris and Percy Ward. 206 Capitalism vs. Socialism. Sellgman and Nearing. 13 Is Free Will a Fact or a Fallacy? 234 McNeal-Slnclalr Debate on Socialism. 141 Would Practice of Christ's Teachings Make for Social Progress ? Nearing and Ward. Miscellaneous 326 Hints on Writing Short Stories. Finger. 192 Book of Synonyms. 25 Rhyming Dictionary. 78 How to Be an Orator. 82 Common Faults in Writ- ing English. 127 What Expectant Moth- ers Should Know. 81 Care of the Baby. 136 Child Training. 137 Home Nursing. 14 What Every Girl Sould Know. Mrs. Sanger. 34 Case for Birlh Control. 91 Manhood: Facts of Life Presented to Men. 83 Marriage: Past, Present and Future. Besant. 74 On Threshold of Sex. 98 How to Love. 172 Evolution of Love. Ellen Key 203 Rights of Women. Havelock Ellis. 209 Aspects of Birth Con- trol. Medical, Moral. Sociological. 93 How to Live 100 Years. 167 Plutarch's Rules of Health. 320 The Prince. Machiavelli. HOW TO ORDER-—Each book is preceded by a number, and readers will please order by number instead of titles. For instance, if you want "Carmen" simply set down "21List the numbers of the books you want and write your name and ad- dress plainly at the bottom of the sheet. The books will be mailed immediately by parcel post. Send your order and check, draft, money order or registered letter today. If you order 20 books send $2—if 50 send $5, and so on. Postage prepaid on cash orders. Add 10 cto personal check for exchange. Orders will be sent C. O. D. if requested, but carriage charges are col- lect on C. O. D. orders. No C. O. D. orders to Canada or other foreign countries. Maldeman-Juhus Company, Dept. S-20, Girard, Kans. THERE IS GUILLAUME APOLLINAIRE Beyond question the most arresting personality among European men of letters of our time. Writers have declared him to be France's greatest war poet, in fact, the only great poet who emerged during the War. But the man's sway spread through the whole continent as poet, novelist, art-critic, and leader of divers revolutions and bucca- neering expeditions in painting and literature. For the younger writers of Europe Apollinaire's Afcoofs, and CaCigrammes are solitary achievements in poetry,- his prose works, Le Poete Assassins', Heresiarque et Cie., astonish and contradict and terrify. Four years have passed since the death of Apollinaire from wounds received in the Great War and none of his writings have yet been presented to the American public. THE POET ASSASSINATED by Guillaume Apollinaire, translated by Matthew Josephson, begins in the issue of March 1923 and marks the introduction of Apollinaire to the English reading public. The Editors of BROOM believe that this brilliant and exhilarating novel will command as wide attention as did Pirandello's Six Characters in Search of an Author, and Lautreamont's Mafdoror, published in BROOM last year. And of Photography — is it to be the "plastic art" of the future? In the March Number there will be reproduced a group of photographs by the American, Man Ray, and a group of "light studies" by the Hungarian, Moholy Nagy. An ever widening class of people is coming to forsake painting for photography. Whether they be right or no, the ex- periments of these two cratfsmen whose work is displayed in the March BROOM are milestones in the progress of this new art. IN THE MARCH BROOM IN THE MARCH BROOM POETRY: CL DKagazinc of Verse Cditcd. by @a.r r ie t DIC onr o e Cuen Lf you don't Cike poetry, get a copy of Poetryi CL of Verse and see why. Poetry presents from month to month the best poetry being written in English. Our contributors write from all over the globe. Cuen if you don't tike uers Cibre, the best of it is published in Poetry. Poetry is the indicator of the intellectual ardors of our day. Cuen If tfoe oCd estabCLsfyed forms bore youthey still bear forth beauty. Poetry cares only for the expression of beauty: the form is incidental to the grasping of the eternal second and its significance in the mood of the poet. The January number is the fourth issue of Poetry's eleventh year. No other magazine of poetry has en« dured so long, introduced so many now famous poets to their audiences, nor kept so consistently to the aim of "poetry, not names/' The proof is in the reading. The publishers of BROOM and POETRy make you the following special offer: BROOM and POETRy for one year for $ 6.50. Take advantage of this exceptional opportunity while it is possible to do so. POETRy": CL Magazine of Verse, 232 East Erie Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find $ 3.00 &lt;Canada, $ 3.15/ foreign, $ 3.25) for one year's subscription to POETRy. Beginning: Name: Address: WE ARE BACKING THE POETS » ARE yOU BACKING US? AMERICA AND "ABROAD" THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW for one hundred and eight years has yielded precedence to no other periodical in constant devotion to the interests of this Republic; preferring America before the World and serving as an exponent of America to the World. Yet never once has it shared or approved the cynical demand of a one- time Senator of the United States, "What do we care for 'Abroad'?" On the contrary, it has ever cared much for "Abroad," both for the sake of America, that we may pro- fitably share in the wealth of thought and the contributions to human progress which other nations have to offer, and for the sake of mankind, that this country may play its part as a nation nations. The manr world-wide intei in international ; ture, art and etl in the near futu The Probl Chateaubri The Hear Governmei The Case Progress T Two Wall The Case From Free Unity in I The Resui Marie Anl Sunday M Paying for The Varie In order t quainted with T EX LIBRIS ft. $ I 3 % % SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANY PARIS VIEW is thus serving vital and timely topics id economics, in litera- tes scheduled to appear n Miles, U. S. A. . W. P. Cresson . Augustus Ralli Ernest R. Groves rentiss B. Gilbert /lary W. Williams . . . Stark Young rs. Travers Smith Hodman Rumball rof. E. P. Warner Philip S. Moxom . . . E. S. Roscoe Brooks Atkinson . . Gorton James Frank A. Waugh become intimately ac- this SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER Any reader of Broom who sends $2.00 ($2.18 in Canada, or $2.48 if in a foreign country) will receive seven issues of The North American Review for the price of six. When ordering please use coupon below. mmimimmniiiiimiimiimimmmumiiimiiiiiimnmimmmmiiiiimimimiiiiiiiiiimmimimmiiiiim mum iiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiu o u o N The North American Review 9 East 37 th St., New York City. Gentlemen: For the enclosed $ 2.00 ($ 2.18 Canadian, can Review for seven months to th% following address: 2.48 foreign) please send The North Ameri- Name Address BROOMAn International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb.Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Matthew Josephson. American Editor, Lola Ridge.Associate Art Editor, Ladislas Medgyes. FEBRUARY, 1923 PUBLISHED MONTHLY VOL. 4, NO. 3 The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon- sible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Berlin office,- mss. from America to the NewYork office.The price of Broom is;For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 2/6 d the copy, and one pound five shillingsfor a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of samewill be prosecuted.Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. y., April 22, 1922under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, Schicklerstrasse 5, Berlin, GermanyNew York Office, Three East Ninth Street. (To be concluded) The drawings of Paul Klee were reproduced from the SturmBilderbucher by courtesy of the Sturm Verlag, Berlin, and those ofGeorge Grosz by courtesy of the Malik Verlag, Berlin. — Printed by Rich. Lahisch &amp; Co., Graphische KunstansiaU,G.m. b.H., Berlin (Germany) PageCover Design (Woodcut) — Lissitzky Transformations — Richard Huelsenbeck 147Post Mortem — Infallibility — Paul Eldridge 160Periphery (Drawing) — George Grosz 162George Grosz — Westheim 163Pop and Mom, Bourgeois Charity (Drawings) — George Grosz 165,167Mortuary — Malcolm Cowley 170Suicide on the Bridge (Drawing) — Paul Klee 171The Song of the Whip — Carleton Beals 172Murder, Acrobats (Drawings) — Paul Klee 179,181Landscape — William Gamaliel Shephard 180Indian Drawings (Woodcuts by L. Medgyes) 180,198The Discoverers — William Carlos Williams 182The Pimps of Death (Drawing) — George Grosz 187The Kid — *Vsevolod Ivanov 188Saturday Night (Drawing) — George Grosz 199A Note on Modern Russian Art — Louis Lozowick 200Madman Drawings 204, 205Berlin and the Bubbling Rhine — M. J 206Comment — L. M« 212 TRANSFORMATIONS Richard Huelsenbeck (Translated from the German by M.J.) Kakadu and Jamaika live quietly in a remote corner of the great city.They are far off from its big noises and color symphony, and so pro- perly scared that the thought hardly ever comes to them to go out ofthemselves. It is hard to describe such a marriage, to explain a contractfor a bed and a table as they appear in the novels of Balzac in striking glimpsesagainst the background of a metropolis. Kakadu is the son of a doctorwho was highly regarded by many comfortable burghers and made weeklytrips to the country in a buggy. His mother who had died a few yearsbefore of cancer, wrote her name, Driesel, in her maidenhood, and nonedared whisper that her father had owned a tavern which bore the for- bidding name of "Tivoli," a dreadful resort. Maidservants and waiterswith knives would fall into great brawls with the police. All that was, aspeople said, "the skeleton in the family closet of the Kakadus."Kakadu himself had inherited from his grandfather a passion fordrink and several canine instincts. He remained short in stature. Overhis very cradle, his parents had planned his career for the Civil Service;their plans miscarried charmingly. Kakadu always contradicted; you alwaysgot the opposite of what you expected from him. He came breathing forthopposition. Without any real grounds, people came to regard him as asinister man. If only they knew how stupid he was. At times he showed asense of elegance. He knew to impress his first wife with forty varietiesof neckties, checkered, solid colored, striped, silken and of plain cloth.By chance Kakadu became a journalist. When he was thirty years old —and the most diverse callings might have gloried in his participation — hemet with an accident. He wanted to board a street car. The people almostsat on the roof. They brimmed up out of the doorways and could beheard complaining: "Horrible! Terrible!" Kakadu, who in a more rationalmoment would have seen that it was impossible to get on, clambered1 upon the steps of the forward part. The motorman held up the car andthrew him off. When he tried to get on at the rear end, someone spat*with violence into his face. Kakadu raged, he raged for the first timein his life, so that the bristles stood bolt upright on his fat skin. True to the old custom of seizing the pen when one is at a loss for what to do, heplaced himself in the posture to write. He sent a very nice article to theKurier. They wrote him that they agreed perfectly with his contentions,and asked him to call on the editors, since there were matters of principleat stake. Despite its patriotic name, the Kurier permitted itself to playthe "opposition," a soft butterish opposition, to be sure, so that no one paidany attention to their attacks unless they were headed "In Protest" — buton the whole a sort of opposition. In fact, the editors trembled at theirown daring. Kakadu was graciously received; they scented a kindred soul.Kakadu promised to contribute articles to the Kurier when something arosewhich was inconsistent with "open covenants." Thus did the celebrated"muse" awaken in him; his writing table became littered with manuscripts,and the files and indexes crowded each other on his shelves. BeforeKakadu had assumed the monstrously important role of championing "opencovenants" when he was still poor and wretched in every way, he made theacquaintance of Jamaika. He knew as yet nothing of "art" and did noteven know that it belonged to the culture of a people; he knew even lesswhat "culture" meant. However he went his own way, a typical Germanman-in-the-street, without bothering anyone. Jamaika came to the capitalto be an actress. Before a business men's club she played the role of Romeoin hose. Someone cried out, "Bernhardt, the divine Sarah!" She re- ceived a bouquet. Since that triumphant evening, when in the feeble glowof a few lights, she had delighted the sex of some travelling salesmen, shedetermined to devote herself to a great ideal. And so she said categorically:"My whole life shall be offered up to art!" Indeed, she sacrificed herself;upon falling into the hands of Kakadu, she showed extraordinary emotion.He declaimed from Shakespeare; she found it bewitching. He said, thatthree books of his were to be printed. She trembled with delight. Shylyshe said: "Great man, poet! Quicken me with your spirit!" He did quickenher, since he seduced her without ceremony. It was revealed that shestill possessed her innocence . . . Once married — Kakadu became almosta fixture on the Kurier — Jamaika soon lost her rapturous gestures, sheshowed herself very talented, very calculating and of the quick slynesswhich all men of middle class succumb to. She reigned over Kakaduwithout his knowing it, for the chains did not weigh. His desire for comfortwas appeased. He yawned. He felt himself extraordinarily secure. Noone noticed that the balance of power had shifted. In fact, one can onlydescribe it as an evolution in favor of the woman. The instincts of bothdemanded only peace, absolute peace. The atmosphere is tepid and foggy,the gestures are not the manifestations of a will, the boxing of ears is nothing but reflex movement . . . The legs walk slowly through the rooms;for only one thing could they be aroused, at the possibility of poverty, atthe possibility of being forced to work harder in order not to starve. Thedays followed each other, sleep mingled with awakening, life was a druggedstumbling. The afternoons on which Kakadu was not obliged to spend at theeditorial office were always passed in the following manner: the windowswere open, at an angle, and a heavy sun fingered the place. Jamaika wentthrough the room, hardly knowing why, listening to the rustle of herunderclothes against her flesh. Kakadu however settled himself in anarmchair -— he must ponder — a history of the world's literature lay inhis lap. It was hard for him to grasp the visions of the past which he neededfor his newspaper articles.The cries of children rose above the narrow street, as Jamaika leftthe house to promenade on the meadow adjoining their house. Therewas a circus now on the meadow, they were already fastening the roofof the tent on the poles. The head of an elephant could be seen stickingout of his stall. Grooms led horses by. Jamaika noticed a small under- sized man in good clothes who was giving orders to an attendant. Whenhe disappeared into the circus, Jamaika waited; she only wanted to seeif the man would come out again, and when he did, she went on, but so slowly,that she could easily observe everything that took place in front of theentrance to the circus. The man had seen Jamaika, he followed her, andwhen she turned about suddenly in order to go home, he said to her: "Par- don me, madam." She knew how to raise her eyebrows; and she observedthe effect of this bit of artistry while the man was fumbling for words.He said: "May I show you the circus? Are you interested in it?" He spokevery quickly in order to keep her from making any objections. "Here youhave the elephant stall. For the present only the Indian elephant, Billy,is to be seen. The female, Milly, is probably still on the railroad. Theyare old animals, madam, but very valuable possessions, indeed." Jamaikaonly laughed. She no longer found it "shocking" to converse with a gentle- man whom she had not been formally introduced to. Kakadu was sittingat home reading the history of the world's literature. The name of thelittle man was Butterweg and it appeared that he was a frog-swallower, thegreatest attraction of the circus and a celebrity among artists. Butterwegknew the manners of high society, he talked with a slight foreign accent,and spoke with enthusiasm of travels in Italy. Florence was a lovely cityand full of works of art. He said "works of art" with the intonation of aconnoisseur, so that it became speedily apparent to his hearer what great knowledge he had. Jamaika felt herself transported. She kept thinking:"Charming! Charming! What an extraordinary person!" It did not takelong for her to respond naively, the obstacles were slight. One felt oneself,after all, with an artist, with a kindred spirit. For Jamaika stillnourished her idea of a career on the stage, her rapture for the eternaland the beautiful, for Goethe and Schiller. It was very difficult for themto part. In the sandy arena they tried to run after each other, but Jamaikatripped and fell, her nose striking the hard ground and bleeding profusely.Butterweg made a fuss about her ordered a glass of water and then sat downnext to Jamaika by the rail and played the doctor. "Did you hurt your- self?" he kept asking, "You must stick the cotton way up into your nose,dear madam." He gripped Jamaika's neck and with one hand helped todirect her unhappy efforts. When Jamaika made off, he said softly, "Adieu,my dear lady." She turned very pale — "When will I have the pleasure ofseeing you again?" Jamaika shrugged her shoulders, she thought of Kakaduin his armchair, it was very late and she was chiefly interested in avoidingany scenes. And so Butterweg remained standing, hat in hand, not a littleperplexed. On the following day, Jamaika promenaded again in theneighborhood of the circus, this time wearing a very seductive costume,where liveried grooms went by leading horses, and the male elephant, Billy,stuck his head out of his stall. The friendship became warm, and even ifat first Jamaika was not favorably disposed, Kakadu had a rival who cer- tainly surpassed him in all manly qualities. But Jamaika was only playing.She was playing with the idea of infidelity and with Butterweg who felthimself reduced to a polite intimacy which only aroused his desires im- measurably. He fell so madly in love that he neglected his calling and on theGala opening night of the circus fell down miserably. At the office of theKurier Kakadu heard of the fiasco of the frog-swallower. He said toJamaika: "I have tickets to the circus. If you feel like going, let us gothere." Jamaika affected a complete indifference: "I have no interest what- soever in such silliness. My household is more important to me, and" —here she went to Kakadu, gave him a meaning glance and kissed himfull on the mouth — "and so is the comfort of my dear Kakadu. Nothinghas thus far disturbed our tranquillity. The accursed clamor of the circuspenetrates into our very bedroom!" "Right you are, little mouse," saidKakadu lightly (smacking his lips), "Let us stay at home." He had hisboots taken off and buried himself in a history of the world's literature. Fromtime to time he would try to recite, with a curiously timid face, the poets ofanother epoch. Jamaika was already abroad on the meadow, she threw allcaution to the winds, and inquired immediately at the box-office for Butter- weg. Butterweg appeared, very downcast, the adverse reviews in the news- papers troubled him deeply. "You may believe it or not, Jamaika, but a manwho has the blood of an artist in his veins depends upon the critics. Whata disgrace! What will the public think!" Jamaika declared that she hadsuffered the same experience when she had played great roles on the stage.They spoke of the "fluidity of art." Butterweg cited innumerable philosophersand Jamaika was stirred by consciousness of her ignorance. Then shesuggested, without any sense of the consequences of her words, "How wouldit be, Mr. Butterweg, if you spoke to my husband personally about thismatter. You know, I suppose, that he is a journalist and if you can makeclear to him what is at stake, he may he able to help you a great deal."Butterweg, who scarcely believed that Jamaika meant what she was saying,stuttered, "Why—certainly, that would be fine, it is always best to be frankand open." Jamaika thought that her relations with Butterweg could bestrengthened by this experiment. . . Butterweg, compelled by this plan tohazard all, drew Jamaika into a corner, and like a Saladin, like a shepherd,declared his love to be all powerful, as he fell to his knees and kissedhis lady's hand. She felt the ends of his moustache tickle her hand andbegan to laugh very hard. He took this as a sign of assent and assumingthat he was favored, wound himself tightly about her body and covered herwith stormy kisses. Jamaika sank down exhausted against the walls of thetent. But she felt a very pleasant kind of exhaustion and the agitated bloodflooded her breasts and choked her breathing. As she approached him againwith distorted visage she lowered her head a bit and said: "I love you."Butterweg sighed. He suspected that this time the newspaper commentswould be much more favorable. II. "Kakadu," said Jamaika, "listen. I just went by the Circus when aman accosted me and presented himself. His name was Butterweg, he wasthe Frog-swallower of whom you spoke the other day. I said to him: howcould he dare to accost me in the street. And did he not know that hewas compromising a respectable woman by such behaviour? He apologizedprofusely and said that he must speak to you about a very important matterand that he was afraid to approach you directly, because he had been toldthat you were very peculiar in your views, and so he bade me putin a wordfor him." Kakadu seemed flattered: "Yes, yes. But what does he want ofme. He is the same man who was so widely advertised and then fell down so badly on the opening night." "That's it exactly, my dear Kakadu. Hewants to talk over the criticisms with you. He wants to explain to youhis art, for he fears that he has been misunderstood." Kakadu noddedhis head, shrugged his shoulders and rubbed his hands, not knowing whatto say. "Yes, he can come. Nevertheless, I find it rather strange that hedoesn't approach me directly if he has something to say to me. And thenif he thinks he can put anything over on me, he had better know that heis mistaken. Critics cannot be bribed; and he has already shown that hisperformances are not praiseworthy." Jamaika went to Butterweg and toldhim that Kakadu had invited him to have coffee with them. But on thefollowing day, right after lunch, when Butterweg was supposed to come,Kakadu said, "My dear Jamaika, I have been re-considering the wholematter. I should rather not have this man come to my house. It mayopen the door to troubles which I should rather avoid. I therefore beg youto prevent him from visiting us. And (here his voice betrayed his realemotion) when do you expect to see him again?" Jamaika's face took onan innocent expression. "I have already told you that he approached meand begged me to putin a word for him. Since that time I have not seenhim, and have no further occasion to. What do you take me for? I ama respectable woman. I don't know when he will come." Kakadu grumbled:"But that is very unpleasant. I never wanted to see this comedian in myhouse. They ruin your character, they turn your head, and they are allasses, asses. . ." At this moment Butterweg, unconscious of what was goingon, rang the bell. Jamaika went to Kakadu quickly and kissed him, saying:"There he is. Be nice to him, I beg of you. The poor man is in sucha bad way. There is no need of your making his life more bitter." Kakadusat in his armchair with the mien of a magistrate, as Butterweg entered.The history of the world's literature lay in his lap and he looked up as ifhe were being interrupted in his studies. "Am I intruding?" asked Butterweganxiously. Kakadu tried to give his voice a manly depth: "I have beentold by my wife that you wanted to see me on business. Can Ibe of serviceto you in any way?" Butterweg stammered something about art and criti- cism, and Jamaika, fearing that he might miss his mark, interrupted in loudand cheerful tones; "Oh please do not speak so learnedly! All this learningjust turns a poor woman's head. You can hardly believe, my dear Mr. But- terweg, how much my husband studies. Day and night he pores overa history of the world's literature — think of it, world's literature! DearKakadu, dear little Kakadu! But now we shall have some coffee. Whereis the maid? Everything must be ready by now." Before the might of herpersuasiveness the men bowed. When Kakadu saw the steaming coffee and the cakes he thought no longer of learned poses. Later on — Jamaika satresting one elbow on her raised knee and smoking — the conversation re- verted to artistic things. "But, Mr. Butterweg," said Kakadu seriously, "Ido not quite understand how the people can be raised up to a higher levelthrough your art." He put this question as if he were addressing a candidate.He spoke as if he had stayed up many nights over this problem. Butterweg¥replied: "My view is that art is art. We must accept that as our hypothesis,once for all, isn't that so? (Kakadu shook his head.) Nevertheless, I don'tthink we should give too much weight to that fact. I, for instance, act quiteotherwise, when I perform in my art." Kakadu felt conscious of hissuperiority. "Naturally," he remarked, "Each man thinks differently, somemore deeply and others more superficially." A controversy arose over thequestion of artistic inclinations. Butterweg ardently championed the ideathat artists are born and not made, while Kakadu was of the opinion thatpractice makes perfect, that a man could become the greatest of artists byclose application. Butterweg said: "As you see me now, so have I been,a frog-swallower from earliest childhood." "That is not the question," saidKakadu, "The question is whether the motives which impelled you to swallowfrogs were hereditary or acquired." "I have never given that any thought.All I know is that from my earliest youth it pleased me, to — putting itpolitely — make my repast of frogs, and I was very easily led to make ofthis aptitude my life's profession. The boys who played with me cried outwhen they saw me swallow the animals at one gulp, but I had alreadytasted the true, the great sensation which was later to be mine." Kakadu,however, was worried lest Butterweg persist in error. He said: "How thencould you distinguish yourself from artists like Goethe, Schiller, Geibel,Uhland? They too must have experienced this rare feeling, and yet yourpropensities can scarcely be compared to the performances of these geniuses.Think of Faust, think of the Bride of Messina/" "You can think what youplease," said Butterweg, "but it is just as I say. I feel it in my heart andthat is what counts above all. I don't know the tricks of those gentlemen,but if they have performed anything worth-while then they experiencedthe same feeling." Kakadu felt that he was representing culture and all thatwas holy to culture. "Oh!" he cried pathetically, "My dear sir (taking thehistory of the world's literature and lifting it reverently into the air). Oh!My dear sir! Do not speak so loud, that learned people may not laugh atyou." Butterweg gave no heed to this warning. All that was sacred to himwas at stake: "That doesn't matter to me at all!" Kakadu was silent, helooked at Jamaika and frowned heavily. Then Butterweg began again:"I am thinking of going very far in my calling. I shall establish relationships between my art and politics. You don't understand me? Why, there mustbe more reality in my art, more relation with actual life." "I understandperfectly," said Jamaika, who was straining all the time to look veryreflective. "The opinions of artists are always very interesting. Politics isthe symbol for reality to you, isn't it?" "Perfect, madam. Extremely wellput, I am flattered at how well I am understood by you." Kakadu's com- prehension became more and more restricted. "Permit me, Jamaika, lamafraid you haven't understood Mr. Butterweg in the least. I would considerit more carefully before saying anything of the sort. Mr. Butterweg countsvery much on such judgments. It is well known how much artists dependon other's opinions." Jamaika's innocence seemed to be quite perfect."But if Mr. Butterweg himself says that I understand him? He must knowbest." "Mr. Butterweg is wrong. He is deceiving himself in harbouringsuch views." "Oho!" cried Butterweg, "not as much as that, I only deceivemyself in your mind. You can never destroy that which is holy to me withall your learning. Your wife has understood me as I have been seldomunderstood before. Artists know a woman's soul, they know perfectlywhether they are understood by a woman. I believe that the artist is thehighest type of man, and when he places woman above himself in under- standing, what must she then be?" Kakadu made an ironic bow: "Yourarguments, my dear sir, are so convincing, that I am compelled to concedeto you. You will permit me to leave you in the company of my wife, whounderstands you so wonderfully." He bowed again, and left the room*"That's a nice scrape," said Butterweg. "Well, I suppose we have spoiledeverything now." Jamaika laughed, but she did not feel very well about it."Oh that doesn't matter, my dear, I shall soon bring him around. Do youthink he can do whatever he wants here?" Butterweg came nearer toJamaika and before she could prevent him, took her hand and kissed it slowly."When shall we see each other, my love?" "I shall come with Kakadu tothe evening performance." "Do you think that you can persuade him tocome?" "There are means!" said Jamaika—she laughed a little—"thereare means which are infallible!" III. Jamaika had overestimated the difficulty of persuading Kakadu tocome to the circus. He showed himself very willing, but he said: "I canscarcely understand why you said the circus robs us of our peace, Jamaika.Didn't you say that the clamor of the comedians penetrates to our very bed-chamber?" "I don't remember," replied Jamaika, "and if I did, I wasn'tserious. I love the horses there, and there is also an elephant named Billy.""Certainly. Certainly. You shall see your elephant." And he wanted toadd, that she ought not see too much of Butterweg, but he feared a scenethat might rob him of his peace. They went through the huge gate andJamaika walked by very quickly, because the girl at the box-office greetedher. Kakadu doffed his hat, although he didn't know what it was about.Butterweg suddenly appeared from behind a partition, he greeted Jamaika,and kissed her hand. Then he said to Kakadu: "You must forgive me formy heated words. lam really of a peaceable nature." Kakadu sniffed atthis. He laughed, so to speak, through his nose. "Oh, oh, my dear fellow.I don't mind that at all. Don't I know how excitable artists are?" An usherin strawberry-colored livery showed them to their seats, and as Butterwegleft, Jamaika motioned to him again behind Kakadu's back. The showbegan with a Hungarian march. Twelve "Isabel-colored" steeds dancedand reared themselves on their hind legs at command, so that the childrencried out with joy and the old ladies sank deeper into their seats with faintgasps. Butterweg waited behind the entrance-curtain. Upon a woodenplatform where the clowns carried on their merry antics, a number appeared,the number of Butterweg's act. Kakadu leaned one arm on the plush ofthe upholstery and said: "I am surprised that you do not see through thesilliness of such performances. When I was young, I might have enjoyedthis, but, Heavens! one grows more mature, one experiences, labors withthe mind." Butterweg did not merely jump into the ring, as did the others.He sought to win the public favor through a stunt. He came in limping,he wailed dolorously, as if he were sorely wounded, and then, just whenthe public began to be bored, he suddenly straightened out and made asomersault almost to the roof of the tent. The people clapped furiously.Jamaika was very proud of her admirer, but Kakadu only shook his headand said: "Look at that monkey there. Consider for a moment and youwill agree with me that one can't go about with such people." But Jamaikawas delighted: "I believe that I am beholding a new type of man. Hemakes himself laughable for our entertainment. Isn't that honorable?"Now the deep tone of the bassoons was heard. The musicians danced ina mad rout about the bandstand, and everyone felt that the climax of theshow was coming. Then Butterweg threw a dozen frogs into the air,spread his legs, and stooped. With open mouth he received the frogs oneafter another in the order in which he threw them into the air. Then wheneveryone feared that he would be prostrated with cramps, he ran twicearound the ring, laughing and smacking his lips as if he had eaten a good dinner. The applause brought the house down. Suddenly there was a mur- mur. Kakadu had to recoil in his chair; he was very white, and at the pointof vomiting. A porter wanted to help him but Jamaika said: "Don't yousee that he belongs to me? I shall take care of him myself." On Jamaika'sarm, Kakadu got out into the fresh air, where he immediately revived.But his great sickness dated from this visit to the circus, his stomach re- belled, and his complexion became yellow and pasty. Since that evening,his legs trembled when he walked, and strangely enough, he began to growsmaller, so that any child was a full head bigger than he. He held a hand- kerchief to his mouth and staggered about, while Jamaika called for a taxi.Once at home she said to him: "My dear, it is no longer pleasant to go outwith you anywhere. You remind me of little children, who always losecontrol of themselves, when they see something that upsets them." Kakaducould not think of anything to say, he lay down in bed, and felt so wellin the warm covers that he gave vent to comfortable grunts. Jamaika couldthink only of the triumph of Butterweg, and she tried in vain to pass thetime reading. She said to herself: "What a fool I am married to! Cananybody call him a man? Does he think of anything but his body andhis food?" She tossed about impatiently. Her thoughts were in the circusand the sounds of the music filled her ears. She found herself before anarmoire. She looked for a dress with pleasing colors, something quitedistinctive. She had a robe of bright green silk, and tried it on to see ifit still fitted her. She stood before a mirror, and marvelled at her beauty.How comes it that I am married to this man, who never tells me that I amlovely and adorable?" She thought of the words of Butterweg, as he lay ather feet, a shepherd declaring his love. The house was very still, exceptfor Kakadu's snoring. She put on a large hat, like that of the horsewoman,took her little reed walkingstick, opened the door, and was out in the free.She walked very fast, but when she reached the meadow, she saw that thelights of the circus were out. A little boy was crawling about the wagons,and Jamaika asked him if he had seen Butterweg. He told her that all ofthe performers were in the "Meilhac" restaurant, and offered to lead herthere. When Butterweg saw Jamaika, he asked the proprietor to show themto a private room. "I observed," he said, "how I sent your husband off.Is it very serious?" Jamaika blushed. "Oh, nothing very bad, Mr. Butter- weg." After a moment, she added: "Aren't you surprised at my cominghere to see you?" Butterweg laughed and raised Jamaika's hand to his lips:"Dear Madam, how could it be otherwise? I know that my love has notleft you cold. I adore you." Before she could prevent him, he pulled herto him and pressed his moustache to her mouth. "You dearl You dear! I love you, do you hear? I love you!" Jamaika wept, but she wept withjoy. She whispered, "My love, my most beloved, you are good to me."In the neighboring room there was loud singing. Women shrieked, andthe proprietor's calm voice was drowned in the uproar. Butterweg said:"You will permit me to escort you home, will you not?" "Beloved, it is toobad, too bad, that we can never stay together long enough." Jamaikapressed closer to the man."I am going to Paris soon. My art demands thatI go to Paris. Here everyone is like (he laughed drily) Mr. Kakadu, andthat doesn't help my art. I must have people about me who understand."Jamaika sobbed against his arm. "If I did not have my family here," saidshe, "I should follow you through the whole wide world, to the end of therailroad tracks." In the vestibule they kissed again, until Jamaika toreherself free, and ran quickly up the stairs. The next evening she waswaiting for Butterweg. Kakadu was lying in bed, the doctor had ordereda few days of rest for him. "I have been thinking it over," she said toButterweg, "if I knew of a way of going, I would go with you." "Verysimple, you just get on the train." "But Kakadu can't be left alone here!""Can't he? Well, I don't know what we can do about it in that case."Butterweg regarded Jamaika, but said nothing, and waited for her decision.Then she spoke: "I cannot leave him alone here, he made me what I amtoday. It is not right of me even to sit here with you, while he is sleepingat home." Butterweg indicated that in this case he would be compelledto make the trip alone. He turned his head as if to call the waiter. Jamaika,pressed, said: "I don't know how it can be done. If he should come alongit would be the same thing in Paris. I could never see you without alwaysfearing that he might break in on us." Jamaika remained lost in thoughtfor a long time. Then she said out loud, as if she had found an infalliblemeans. "Can't we force him? I don't love him, I love you, but if I lefthim behind, I would always be remorseful about him. Yes, we will forcehim to do everything we want." Butterweg said, "I love you, and I amready for anything." They appointed an evening on which they wouldoverpower Kakadu, pack him into a cab, and ride to the station. Theywalked through streets where the skinny little pimps smoked on the corners.She pressed her body close to him. He walked along leaning on her, hismouth wide open. Often he would rummage through his pockets as onewho is accustomed to hunt in broad pantaloons for strange clownish things.Jamaika said: "You need not fear him. He is a small man, and his strengthis the strength of a child. He is small in understanding, and has no pride."Butterweg replied: "Splendid, my dear. I see that you are assuring me ofa grand career which shall be wholly devoted to art. I plan to link my art with politics; clownery has become merely baroque in Germany. That mustall be changed. It has become only a sweet and virtuous affair. Dear God!Where is the rhythm of the great warehouses? Where, the whirling stair- ways that whistle up through storey after storey? What statesman oftoday understands my art?" Out of waiters' homes came the cries ofcarousing vagabonds, wailing and uncanny. Butterweg laughed. He puthis hands again into his vast trousers' pockets and dangled his legs likea yokel. The silhouettes of policemen swept up the street until they suddenlyhalted, drenched in the glow of a street lamp. "Furthermore, we mustcompel him to show some energy. All his life he has been unwilling tomake the shortest journey. He is petty and fussy, always repeating otherpeople's ideas as if they were his own, but he knows how to give themanother appearance." "So, so!" exclaimed Butterweg, "we will get him,all right." When the day came on which Butterweg had arranged to fetch Kakaduand Jamaika and take them to Paris, the noted journalist was spread outupon a couch. He was playing with his dog, who frisked about and barked,dove under the closets and struck about him with his little paws like a lion.Jamaika had already packed the trunk secretly; her travelling coat wasready, and now she was trying to prepare the man for the great event.He had never seemed to feel so much at home in his home. When it beganto rain he said, how pleasant it was to have a tidy home. He comparedthe lives of artists to his own and laughed stoutly. "How can I ever gethim started?" thought Jamaika to herself. "Look here, Kakadu," she saidaloud, "you are doing those people an injustice when you say that they are badbecause they don't live in the same security that you have. It might happento you also, by some chance, that you should be forced to give up yourhome, and wander about the world like a vagabond." Kakadu's voicesuddenly became very high-pitched, when he spoke he accompanied hiswords with nervous gestures; when he stood upright, he looked pitifullysmall. Jamaika could look over his head. "That will never happen, Ja- maika," he said, "I should have to go mad, or some brigand would have tocarry me away by force, as a gypsy kidnaps a child." Jamaika still triedto direct his attention to the possibility of such an event: "You can nevertell what may come about," she said. "It is better to be prepared foreverything, and as for me—l shouldn't be in the least displeased to getaway from here for once and see the world, the end of the railroad tracks.For instance I have never seen Paris, and Butterweg has told me a greatdeal about that city—" "What does that mean—you have spoken to Butter - weg, and never told me anything about it?" he cried. "What is going on?Who is master of this house?" Jamaika scarcely knew what to say, butsuddenly she burst out, "Look here, Kakadu, perhaps I am the master ofthis house. Everything is possible, and sometimes things happen whichcould never be foretold." Kakadu lay down on the sofa, but then sprangup and regarded Jamaika: "What do you mean? Are you well? Repeatwhat you said before!" "I shall repeat it when we have time. Now thereis no time," "You are not well, you must go to a doctor, and have yourhead examined. It is all the bad influence of that comedian, I warned you.Now I shall have the trouble of bringing you to your senses." At eighto'clock Jamaika met Butterweg on the steps. "I fear very much that hewill give us trouble," she said. "Shan't we try to move him by kindness?"Butterweg had thrown a great cloak about him. "No! It is too far gone,now," he exclaimed. "If he will not, he will be forced. En avant! Thetrain leaves in half an hour, the cab waits below." As Butterweg entered,Kakadu was promenading about his room. He spat on the carpet, and hesnapped his fingers with nervous pops. "Gooddayl" said Butterweg rudely,"Have you heard that you are going to travel?" "I travel? Are you mad?I shall never leave this room." "In spite of all, you will travel this veryevening, with Jamaika and me to Paris." "Ah, Jamaika has betrayed me!"cried Kakadu, who suspected their connivance. "She shall regret this."Butterweg grabbed the man with little ceremony, gripped his throat, and wasgoing to bind him, when Jamaika intervened. "Don't hurt him!" she saidanxiously. Butterweg reflected for a moment, then took a little phial outof his vest-pocket, and sprayed a few drops of brown liquid into Kakadu'snose. Kakadu became will-less and apathetic, he let himself be carriedinto the cab without a sound. To the porter who carried the trunk, Butter- weg said, "Don't make so much noise, don't you see there is a sick manhere!" At the station a Red-Gross man wanted to get a litter for Kakadu,but Butterweg, who wished to save money, said that it was unnecessary.With Jamaika's help he carried Kakadu into the sleeper, a few more dropsof dope were sprinkled into his nose, and he fell fast asleep and snoredhappily. Butterweg stuck out his chest: "Well, so much for that!" Jamaikabegan to weep, out of indefinable motives. "Poor man," she sobbed, "whowould have thought that he would come to Paris in this way." She sawthe station disappear in the mist, the last red lights shot by, and a namelesssadness filled her heart, so that for a long time she could find no peace. POST MORTEM I DIE I stretch forthUpon the lustrous satin,In royal stiffness,In papal dignity,Toes outward. I CROSS THE STYX My finger-tipsDrawn across the surfaceOf the Hateful River,I sail, somnolent,In an old-fashioned boat. I FACE JUSTICE Dripping with sin,Making large poolsLike an umbrella,Closed after a rain-storm,I wait. VERDICT Heaven!On the lap of Jesus!Like a youthful bride!O ironic Artist!Incomparable God! SIC TRANSIT GLORIA CHRISTI Over the tall wooden crossSwollen with rainsAnd devoured by ants,The cool, rigid shadowOf a nose and thumb. INFALLIBILITY Paul Eldridge I am the Clown— Plastered face,Scarlet lips —But how should IJuggle the Earth,The Great Ass's bladderUpon the tip of my false nose,Since I have to balance myselfUpon it,As a drunken man?I shall become the Pope— Inverted eyes,Pasted palms —I shall juggle with perfect gravity,And infinite sanctityUpon the rims of my false mouth,Heaven,The diamond-studded hoop! George Grosz Periphery GEORGE GROSZ Westheim George Grosz Pop and Mom George Grosz Bourgeois Charity Mediaeval times were the period most propitious for the productionof art, for then belief and existence were one. We might even say thatthere is something mediaeval in every genuine artist. Belief is still thefoundation of the artist's existence—be it only the belief in his own election.A last vestige of sanctity is retained in the psyche of the artist.It has been said that God exists inasmuch as he is believed in. Arttoo is fiction when it is not believed. The human masses have no longerany belief or merely (as it was stated in these pages four months ago)a belief in the "Mysticism of Money"; as our society has no longer a Godneither can it have an art.The artist, glorified by the history of art, is perhaps only a rudimentin this godless society. I imagine that our brutal forceful business menconsider the artist, living in dreams and visions, much as they consider theflapper. Let him have his ideals and waste his heart in pale blue rapture,but where realities of life are concerned: trusts, world market, crises. —The artist, who can impress such people seriously must be carved outof hard wood, must have their sturdiness and self control, must scrap hiswhole bundle of illusions.George Grosz may be the precursor of this type. The name of George Grosz evokes a new style of drawing. — Groszpaints too, very good pictures, of which his largest: "Germany, a Winter'sTale" is undoubtedly a remarkable production; but his artistic profile is mostdistinct in his drawings. —He has a style which does not derive fromCezanne or Picasso, from Munich or Hodler, or from any other of theartistic deities of to-day. His razor sharp, glass-pen hard, even line, whichseems cut with an apache knife, exists independent of other art. It existsas the style of George Grosz.The last case of this kind was Daumier. He was flaming passion,a flame dancing above a log. Sparks make revelry around his lines. Doyou know how the flame gnaws the log which it will reduce to ashes?Daumier's blazing black and whites gnawed thus at the dry wood of his time—the Pear King, the "ventre legislatif", the judge, the lawyer and RobertMasaire, that Johnny-jump-up of public fraud. There is no flame, no blaze in the line of George Grosz — rathercontrolled passion which does not take the liberty of running away, firewater on ice. His line is definite and exact; a work of precision like thatof modern machine tools; it has the uneasy quietness of the gunman whosefinger is on the trigger. It makes one think of the rigour, of the correctnessof Prussian barracks, whose greatest joy is the straightest-dressed line.Each hair in a lieutenant's moustache, drawn by Grosz is pulled as straightas though Haby himself had combed it. Here is a style of flat footedimpertinence, like the drawings with only one meaning, which small boysscratch on walls and outhouses. This scampish impertinence which prefersa thing, three times underlined to once suggested, this stone cutter's styleof unequivocal irreverence was just what Grosz needed to oppose to thecynicism of so called civilization, the superior cynicism of an "enfantterrible," who says freely what he is and what he means. These "privyscratchings" were a discovery to Grosz just as were the cave paintings ofprehistoric man and the art of the Bushman to his colleagues of the HigherArt Faculty and he made the most of his discovery. A child of the city,whose only grief seems to be that he did not grow up in the greatest ofall cities—New York, he must have been charmed to show these dear people,who carry their heads with such insolent pride, what a joke they were indaring to call themselves "man and fellowman."Many people have talked about his infantilism. A terrible infantilism!They must have a peculiar conception of childishness. His art is quite outof its diapers and conscious, as consciously organized as modern engineering.I do not wish to hurt George Grosz — to whom militarism is as wine to theMohammedan, or swinesflesh to the Jew — when I say that his art is con- ceived in every line like a strategic attack. It constitutes a complete economyof means and forces, almost a Taylor system of drawing, everything calcula- ted to produce the maximum of effectiveness.There is a young art group called "Constructivists" who (almostromantic) rave about the beauty of engineer-made forms, of buzzing wheels,of motors, elevators, steamboats, steel hammers and propellors. Businessis their god; their idol, the engineer who inevitably creates forms of mar- vellous vitality. But these romantic souls overlook the fact that this formcreation is only a side product of the engineer's work, in most cases aninvoluntary accidental result, for the engineer wants to realize, most of all,the maximum effectiveness with the minimum amount of force andmaterial. Even in this regard we find an intimate relation between thecalligraphy of George Grosz and engineer created form. Grosz's art doesnot exist for itself alone — a draughtsman, a class fighter made of it a weapon to crush the base and infamous. Grosz would like to makepeople active, to unite them socially and politically; drawing is to him whatspeech is to the agitator, or the editorial to the journalist. Painting tocharm the aesthetic sense — still-lives or nudes, —is not his business. Heconsiders it a sort of "Biedermeier" occupation. He loves the newspapercartoonist, as he loves Nick Garter and Sherlock Holmes and the boxersand wrestlers who thrill the crowds to-day. This type of artist will livelong after the easel painter has become extinct. The cartoonist is politicallyactive. In America he represents a power of which we in Europe canhave no conception and since the German press is still far from becomingAmericanized in this respect Grosz must always create an organ for himself:' Bankruptcy," "Everybody his own Football," "Bloody Earnest", "TheOpponent" — organs of fight, intellectual machine guns trained againstcapitalism and militarism. George Grosz made his debut with a serious of impressions of cities.*These have nothing of the picturesque, of Brangwyn, or of the airy im- pressionism of Pisarro. The boulevard with its ordered luxury and pro- menading idlers, represents only the surface of this witch's caldron intowhich the barbarism of our civilization has crushed millions of people,condemning them, in a way, to a state of primitive bestiality. Unsuccess- ful country school masters use this condition of affairs as the subject oftheir moral lectures. Hard boiled youths paddle around in the whirlpool,until one day they are seized with the desire to reveal to an astonishedworld the exotic continent across which thousands hurry day by day tooblivion; some of them moralize, others, made more for fact than reflection,are amused by making those jokes which seem to be as necessary tocivilized man as the W. G. or the tooth brush. Grosz is one of the lattersort, and as the sensational write-up is an essential of journalism, henaturally does not try to spare people the odour emanating from thispestilential underground world."Elevators and lorries,undergnawed asphalt — how singular!!Adventurers pass, silk hatblack on slippery hair, backwards.The many coloured profile of a syphiliticgleams through the darkone can live even without a nose!!!" He thrusts his searchlight into the machinery moved by debaucheryand lust for gain. Round skulls promenade along the streets with no otheraim seemingly but to carry a brilliantined parting and derby hat. The staleair of obscure bars and smeary cafe's dulls the senses. The imitationgentleman plays the Maharaja, the pimp counts the night's income. Tiredharlots prepare their nets to fish for the "client." Devout night porters andmadams set the stage for casual loves. Electric signs cast sunshine on theirway. Avarice and lust fight a film-battle in the soul of Mr. Mudiske out fora spree. Only the make-up is different, somewhat more suggestive, wherethe bill is higher. With the eyes with which a whore can x-ray thecontents of a pocket book, Grosz looks through the trousers of the bour- geois and peeps under the relentlessly fixed corsets of the veterans of love(who are used to this anyway) to where faded breasts hang and other thingsappear .. . "But below that point it is terrible and man shall not tempt theGods," says Schiller.Nevertheless even his ice-cold insolence cannot suppress a certain lovefor this more than exotic world. Whether he sketches the bald stiff fire wallof an apartment house, or reproduces the chimneys and gasometers whichare the background of these scenes, or portrays a harlot's leg with highshoe and tightly supported stocking, every line of Grosz is pervaded by anindefinable sentiment, which in spite of himself he cannot banish. The beginning of the war. The war "the steel bath" (as it was pro- claimed by servile pens trying to persuade the people drunk with phrases ofits "moral renovations.") The war, an orgy of the immoral, of miserableegotism, and then that which produced the German revolution; the hyper- trophy of militarism and capitalism gave Grosz a mission. There was notime now for strolling about the city. The talent for penetrating humannature which he had developed had now to be used practically; bourgeoissociety licking the boots of its idol, militarism, had to be putin stocks;swarms of shameless and unrestricted capitalists fastened upon the countryto eat up its last grain of life — like the locusts sent by the Lord to punish theEgyptians — he had to tear the clothes from the bodies of this bunch of pro- fiteers, usurers, and gamblers, as he had done with the street girls, to showentire their decrepitude, their lascivious perversion. Grosz stood on theside of the poor; he wanted to make his pen, machine gun and tank. Hewas a Spartakist and became one of the grimmest enemies of corrupt bour- geois society and one of its most violent accusers. He depicted its rashness, voracity and dissipation — dragging fat stomachs to orgies organized byshrewd promotors, trying to arouse jaded senses by the spectacle of nudedances and other lubricities. But first of all his fight was against militarism— against that German militarism which brought misery upon a wholemisled nation and which, in spite of everything, wished to tyrannize overthe people and refused to leave the full manger. When cowardly murderersin uniform killed Liebknecht, Luxembourg, Eisner, he threw off all restaint.His drawing became pamphleteering. He occasionally overreaches himself.He is never afraid of being tasteless. His drawings annihilate, because theyare not caricatures, they are portraits. The "Face of the Reigning Glass," isthe title of a series of drawings published as a pamphlet, whose circulationreached many thousands. The cover is adorned with the portrait of "TheAssessor," reserve officer straight pressed, whose frozen stupidity wasalready known to Heine. The drawings which follow make a single heroicsong, the epic of a certain kind of heroism as it appeared in Heine'slament: "Germany, a Winter's Tale" wishing "the good folk" Heaven"guard thee from war and famefrom heroes and heroic deeds."This is a battle which we must fight out between ourselves here inGermany. It is a battle between brothers, humanitarian Germany againstclass imposition of soldier-drones who, when their class priviliges are endan- gered, defend them with brute force and villainy. It is a fight to free mankindtoo, which is fought here with wit and talent, and from the days, of Aristo- phanes it has been the tradition for artists to stand on the people's side. Grosz is a phenomenon of his time. Is he nothing more? Will he beforgotten, in the marvellous days towards which we were so lovingly pro- mised to be led, when one must search learned historical works for in- formation about the subjects of his pamphlets as we now do for facts aboutthe Spanish Inquisition and witch trials? Those who believe it is theirprivilege to judge the great and small artistic immortals may decide. Itrust that Grosz, damned to the hell of "doctrinaire artists," will gather abouthim the poor sinner-souls of Callot and Breughels, of Goya and Daumier,of Swift and Heine, and start a game of football. 2* * Grosz-First and little Parbolics. MORTUARY Malcolm Cowley Death is an accumulation of infirmities: hairsfall a tooth decays and death; a spot of eczemareturns each year with spring; death hides itselfin a pimple or a styin a parenthesis around the lips that deepensno longer; death is rigid being the achievementof a pattern; death is a finished pattern ofwrinkles round the eye.Having completed some grand work, to die . . .(Ideally considered death is a simple processof exteriorization: thought builds a mausoleumfor itself; the brain is inscribed in graniteor a lie.)Coffee at nine each morning with two lumps pleaseand heavy cream at nine: death is the accumulationof such habits and we dieat the top first; toes are the last members toturn toward the daisiesand eyes the last to stare into the sky. Paul Klee Suicide on the Bridge THE SONG OF THE WHIP Carleton Beals Paul Klee Murder Gita lounged on a warm stone at the entrance to the cactus runway.She stretched out her graceful bare feet luxuriously, and her eyes followedthe jagged earthquake crack in the nude brown wall of the soaring Torrede Gomares of the Alhambra. Absently her glance traced out the courseof the noisy Xenil River, skirting the foot of the bold tower, down to a widegate in the hills. There a rich sunset pulsed through the fleecy clouds thathung motionless over the parched yellow Vega.Gita was the daughter of every race: tall and sinuous as a Goth, hershadowy violet eyes hinting at the Celtic, the oval of her firm handsomeface bespeaking the Iberic, ebony hair Spanish in its untamed profusion.Her dusky silken skin obviously belonged behind a Moorish jalousie.Exotic, too, the high blue girdle lifting her breasts, pressing them slightlytogether beneath the metallic sheen of her brown dress. But Gita's heartwas gipsy. Her symmetry and poise, her very relaxation cloaked passionateintensity, hinted at lawless inner fires.True, she lived like a healthy animal: sleeping when night fell, risingat dawn, eating — when there was something to eat — there in the cactus -paled cave-house across from the Alhambra. When her man Rufo beat hersufficiently, she would twist an emeraldgreen kerchief about her head,polish the chains of tiny Uruguay gold coins hanging from her ears, andsaunter over to the Puerta de las Granadas. Beside the grim batteredTuscan columns of that gate she would read the palms of smirking tourists.Gita's one ritual was sitting on the warm stone at twilight when hergipsy heart would be filled with wildest melody. Songs she had for thecharcoal fire over which she cooked; songs for combing her hair whichrippled and crackled to her feet; but the melodies of eventide were primitive,thrilling, color-drenched. She never sang any of them aloud; their rhythmswere too vast and unsubdued. But each communicated a sensuous symbolto her mind: a colored petal, a glittering star, a scarlet leaf, shimmering silk;others were in full orchestration, like a full-blown rose or a living sunsetacross the open Vega. Gita bathed her soul in this color and melody asnaturally as a bird splashing in a woodland pool.Until the evening the stranger came! Strolling along the yellow roadwith his strong hands clasped behind his broad back, head and shoulders slightly thrust forward, he marvelled at the changing outline of the Alhambra.Not twenty paces from Gita, he leaned upon the wayside wall that hungover the noisy Xenil.Maliciously she gazed at the back of his head, he musing there withhis chin cupped in hand . . . Suddenly he wheeled about . . . chestheaving . . . hands clenched — stared straight at her ... a solemn, closescrutiny. In her face, never a quiver ... to her slim brown hands nevera tremble — but blue-cowled lightning darted from her eyes. The strangergulped his breath, nostrils dilated. Locked his hands behind his back.Strode off . . . Gita for the first time in her life became acutely consciousof inner song. The rhythms were now different, wilder, more reckless.The following evening when the stranger passed, an invisible quiverflowed over her whole body, curled around her breasts tingling. Passioncrackled and snapped about her. Their glances met, . . . gripped . . . flowedtogether: cool clasping currents suddenly fuming as when electronsmingle . . . She was swept into a whirlpool of emotion. He seemed to catchher up . . . They were wrenched apart . . . He passed on ... no longera stranger.The following evening. Gita with sullen eyes stood facing Rufo, herman, near the edge of a cactus corral. Rufo — a lithe, handsome devil,coal-black hair sweeping his swart forehead — held in his powerful hairyhand a whip coiled like a serpent.He flung it down, heeled his hands against his green sash from whichprotruded knife and gun, spat on his palms. His thin lips curled. Hesnatched up the whip again. It unrolled, a living thing: leapt through theair in a trial snap. The next stroke fell upon Gita's back. The spiteful lashcurled around her ribs, and she flung up her hands to protect her breasts.Again and again it whistled and sang and fell, slicing at her shoulders . . .shredding her thin dress . . . Till the rawhide tip was scarlet . . . ButGita never winced. Her eyes held to a purple, yellow-spined cactus-fig.A foot scraping at the corral-opening. The lash writhed back inmid-air, doubled tamely into Rufo's hand. Gita whirled — cried out.He of the two twilights . . . stocky . . . calm . . . grim-jawed. — Whatdoes this mean? — His voice was taut.Rufo, lips stripped back from teeth: What you do here?— Enough of that or I'll have the gendarmes down.Rufo's mouth twisted into his tight cheeks. He snapped the lash atGita again. The outsider rushed forward. A spurt of dust ... a scuffle . . .a reeling shadow. Rufo has knocked him down with one blow of his heavyfist; stepping back, drives his lash at the fallen figure. Once . . . twice . . . three times: a poisonous bite in the man's leg . . . coiled pain around hisarm ... a livid gash in his neck. Acrid dust . . . blood . . . Gita cryingout: My God, you'll kill him.The next blow stings her upraised arsm. Laughter. Laughter likethe jangle of a heavy chain. Rufo striding from the corral.Gita has fled with him — the man of the two twilights — Mario.He has taken her to Burgos in northern Spain . . . his home. He has paidthe priest . . .in the little church of the Sacred Heart of our Saviour . . .thirteen gold pieces. The priest has bound the necks of Mario and Gitatogether with his silken brocade sash of gold. They are married.She becomes a transformed being, living in a great house with mosaicfloors and high frescoed ceilings where dancing girls spill opals and flowersover green meadows. And all her life is changed .. . strangely, unbelievably,magically changed ... as in the wild glimmering legends of her people . . .Picturesque was her gipsy costume; but in her new high combs and longlacy mantillas, in her silk stockings and sparkling French-heeled slippers,she is beautiful, stately . . . tall as a Goth. She learns to comport herselfproperly, to restrain whimsies, to observe formalities. Tolerant is Marioof her mistakes, ever unruffled, explaining the need of dignity with theservants, helping her manage household affairs.Mario, being a devout Catholic, delighted in initiating her into theintricacies of the faith, teaching her pater nosters, she mumbling over herbeads with puckered nose. And the dim cool interior of the soaring Gothiccathedral with the long vanishing vistas of the nave and aisles, with itsgorgeous transept, its mighty arched octagon, its lofty columned Coro, wasto her more weirdly beautiful than anything ever seen, filling her withrapture, taming the songs of her heart to suave melancholy. Dreamycontentment with life flowed over her warmly. Mario gave her everythingshe fancied and things she hadn't the imagination to fancy.Even so, at times she was restless ... at other times lonely, thoughalways she upbraided herself when these moods had passed and would tryto show her affection to Mario in new and tender ways . . . And the dayswould again be perfect . . . crammed with contentment . . . with gorgeousfancies. Life was like an ever-expanding peacock's tail.The weeks slipped into months . . . Uneasiness returned. Nostalgiaenveloped her like a grey mist. Its coils closed about her. Now . - .occasionally . . . Mario's kindness, his patent goodness, grated. She cameto dislike his customary pose of standing hands clasped behind his back;she linked it with his unwavering attempt to be just — just and toleranton all occasions . . . Warm, scented dusk. She, sitting in the patio before the fountain,hugging her knees . . . overwhelmingly aware of emptiness in her heart —sullen malaise . . . Just an instinct ... a mood. But she recalled how,seated on the stone overlooking the Xenil, sparkling melodies had hauntedher — unsung melodies with vivid exotic colors. Now .. . try as shewould . . . these songs would not reawake; her heart was a stone againstwhich the red tide of her blood beat all in vain . . . the untamed gipsy bloodof her race . ..She grew pale . . . distraught. Mario, noticing, bought her a jeweledsandalwood fan from Cairo, each rib perforated with delicate tracery . . .a carved ivory mirror from Morocco with tiny cupids gamboling about theframe. He took her to every opera and zarzuela by the travelling companiesfrom Madrid and Seville. Nothing availed. Insidious lassitude ruled her.Petulancy invaded her speech.— Why, why are you always this way? . . . That absurdly solemnvoice of his; that puzzled shake of the head. — Why not visit your neigh- bors? They are good women; they will divert your thoughts.Gita followed his wishes. The women of her station in Burgos wereolder than she, but equally cloistered behind the rejas that barred theirwindows; portly women who found idleness compatible but exacting. Theirconversation touched upon servants and clothes, also with sedentary sala- ciousness upon the minute details of illicit love-affairs. Gita soon weariedof their company. She preferred the chatter of the servants . . . She scrubbedcopper kettles with zest . . . Mario protested ... A petulant toss of thehead ... For a whole week she went barefoot around the house — atemporary thrill . . .Then she dressed up in all her silks, played la gran sehora, washaughty with the servants, pampered herself with every luxury. She becamedevout. She went to early mass, a black veil framing the curve of hercheeks, drawn tight over her full breasts.A cavalry officer kneels at the same prayer-bench. They are whis- pering their pater nosters. Their hands tremble . . . touch. She dropsher fan. He restores it gallantly. They smile. They are happy . . . Fbfctwo months: advances . . . retreats . . . sorties . . . manoeuvres . . .They sit alone in a deserted patio. The sky is a smooth shimmeringbubble. Their pulses throb. The sky is a vast velvet petal. Their eyesshine. Their lips are tingling. The sky is a still, breathless pool.Stars . . . stars: gold-fish swimming in a still, breathless pool.Plash of the fountain.Pollen-scented wind. Perfume from the palm-frondes.He puts his arm about her ... At his touch nausea grips her . . .makes her shuddefr . . . writhe . . . She buries her sharp glistening teethin his wrist . . .The weeks winged past. Again she grew effusively affectionate towardMario. She would slip into his study and passionately fling her arms abouthim, or, silently, lay a blade of grass on the book he was reading . . . andvanish. As always he was generous and kind.But she wanted something. She wanted the cloud-strewn sky. Shewanted the restless night stars . . . wanted them burning in her two hands.She wanted the sharp summer perfumes . . . forever and ever . She beganexperimenting with Mario's good nature. She tried, at last, by prank, bycontrariety, to break down the wall of his placidity . . . tried even to wakehim to anger. But he would merely regard her with hurt, pleading eyes . . .would stroke her luxurious black hair . . . would turn away in silence.A Sunday morning . . . achingly beautiful. Mario wished to go tomass. She refused, watching him through half-closed eyes, long lashesveiling their fire. In silence he went alone. She smiled with pity . . . withscorn. She never set foot in the cathedral again . . .Night. Dazzling stars overhead . . . like sparks from her mind.Glinting refulgence seeping through her pores. Pollen-cloyed air warm inher throat. All night, she sitting alone under those stars ... in the patio . . .beside the fountain. Not till morning did she drag herself to her room,numb with cold and despair, her black hair tangled. The servant, at Mario'sbidding hurried to her with mandarine brandy and coffee. Later he ad- monished her firmly but kindly. They returned together to the patio. Withher sharp white teeth she gnawed pungent spices and queer roots, watchinghim . . . silently . . . steadily. He grew uncontrollably nervous . . . per- plexed. He caressed her hair. She snatched herself away, laughinghysterically . . . long peals down the patio arcades . . .In August a band of gipsies wandered into Burgos. Gita dressed in agold silk gown, flung a flaming scarf over her shoulders and saunteredbrazenly down to their encampment. All day she sat in the dust, playingbrisca with Spanish cards, rubbing dirt on her beautiful clothes, on herstockings, scarping her shoes, eating chick-peas out of a smoked tin can . . .The incident was bruited from the tatterdemalion outskirts of theBarrio de Vega on the other side of the river to the grim Castillo on thehill . . . Mario is furious ... at last. Gita laughs derisively. He lifts his handto strike her.Her body arches . . . quivers. Palm to palm she lays her hands againsther cheeks. Her tense biceps press sensuously against her dilating breasts.Her eyes fill with flame . . . then are shadowed by the long lashes. Shesways there . . .The musical song of a flower-vender drifting over the patio-walls:Red roses of Castile,Sweet as lips . . . dipped in cochineal,Red roses of Castile,Plash of fountain.Rustle of the leaves . . . mimosa leaves.Clash of the leaves . . . huge plantain leaves . . . and elephant-ears.Pollen . . . pungent . . . satisfying.Mario's hand is uplifted. She sways, waiting the blow. A servantclatters across the stones. Mario's arm goes lax. He turns abruptly . . .stiffly . . . like a switch-signal. He locks himself in his room . . .Night again. A wild storm sweeps down from the Cantabrian Sea,an autumn tempest ravishing the whole littoral. The wind leaps shriekingover the tiled roofs of Burgos. The rain rattles on wall and window; drivesdiagonally into the open patios.Gita, excited: her visit to the gipsy camp . . . her scene with Mario . . .the storm. A melange of fury . . . color . . . flashing cards . . . pennies inthe dust ... a raised hand . . . shapes . . . mad flying shapes. She stealsout under the arcades. She loosens her hair. It falls about her body ina full flood, crackling sparkling from the electricity surging in the chargedair. The proud masculinity of the storm wraps her round. The rhythmicbeat of the falling rain sweeps through her veins. The lightning cleavesher heart. The thunder tramples on her flesh.She leaps into the patio and dances . . . dances to the strange pulsingmelodies of her unleashed heart . . . dances in utter abandon to the rhythmof wind and rain — flash and swirl and dip . . . dip and swirl and flashagain!Joy and madness roar within her. She runs to the front entrance,unbolts the huge doors, darts into the street . . . out through the drivingstorm . . . out to the open roads and the fields . . . Flames of color floodover her in a dazzling sea of fire . . . Old songs eddy round her, cleaveto her, encircling her loins, her ribs, her breasts, kindling heart and brain . . .New and wilder songs sway and shake her . . . down to the roots of her life ... as a lover might do . . . lift her as with winged feet on through theblackness.She has reached Granada, overtaking the summer. Wearily shewanders along the hot simmering banks of the Xenil. The tz. z. z. k, tz. z.z. k, tz. z. z. k of hundreds of cicadas bewilders her ears. White dust, stirredup by her feet, irritates her nostrils. Around a sharp turn: the soaringbrown Torre de Comares. The long jagged earthquake crack running frombattlement to foundation has widened. The tower is breaking apart.There is the warm stone .. . There is the cactus runway! . . . Tawny,dishevelled, she passes through to the cave-house. The unbolted door withits huge square nails gives to her touch. She enters. Dank chill envelopesher. Emptiness. Silence. The silence wells .. . spreads out over the moistwalls and ceiling . . . thickens . . . smothers her . . .She sinks upon a log . . . peers . . . peers . . . Familiar objects: ablackened pot, fresh ashes, kicked-off blankets. She leaps to the cupboardbuilt in a seam of rock. She flings open the wood-latched doors . . . Shetakes down the black-snake whip, lets it uncoil from her hand ... again...again ... in fascinating rhythm sinuously, like a living serpent. She windsit close about her smooth neck. The loose ends strike against her hips.One of the ends she lifts . . . rolls it along her bare arm, joying in the contactof cool leather with hot skin. She coils the whip about her hand . . . goesout to the cactus corral in the white pitiless sunlight. Behind her soundsa footstep. Rufo!Their glances snap at each other, settle balefully to burning flame —the hot violet flame of molten metal. Gita laughs . . . boldly . . . derisi- vely . . . making of herself something beautiful to be tamed, conquered.The sound shakes through the heat, through the cactus-paling . . . Still- ness . . . Breathless hush . . . Pungent heat.— Here! — she holds out the whip.Mechanically he takes it, watching her through the slits of his hardeyes. Calmly she walks to the opposite side of the corral, he watching thetempting sway of her hips ... the proud slant of her shoulders . . . thescornful tilt of her head; watching the long fluid line rippling from neckto shapely ankle ... the essence of the grace of the women of every race.He lets the lash uncurl . . . mechanically. He whips it overhead. Itsnaps like a pistol. Still watching her, slowly . . . hesitatingly ... he liftsit again . . .It falls from his shaking fingers.— Gita! .. . Gita! -— He is running forward. She wheels on him. The jerk of her body shakes her black hair downover her blazing eyes. — Don't touch me. Not till you use that. — Stretchedto her full height, she points at the whip in the dust.He hesitates. Sweat streams into his burning eyes.She no longer heeds him. She is staring through an opening in thecacti at the parched Vega crinkled with heat like fretted steel, like the armorof a vast fallen giant. Her heart contracts . . . crinkles up as though it toowere cased in steel ... bursts free again tumultuously.Rufo's thin lips curl. He heels about . . . snatches up the whip . . .His great hairy hands knot . . . the veins bunch into tight cords . . .The lash whizzes through the air. It slices through her dress, curlsspitefully about her ribs . . . certain . . . relentless . . . with a rhythm of itsown ... as though Rufo were a mere automaton.And Gita, arms crossed over her breast, makes a very beautiful savagesong of the whip, a song that curls close around her heart . . . that glimmerslike cloth of gold. 3 LANDSCAPE William Gamaliel Shephard Once, yes once I crossed this way.The naked moon lay in the mud-holewith her lover feasting on mud worms,a dozen stars shamelessly bredin a sharp horse track,a screech owl bumped his nose in the darkand wept and cursed,Two dishrag clouds tried to adornthe hideous soiled sky.This is the way to your house,girl once mine.I crossed this way once.Here in the coppice I found youin a pink gown I gave you,WaitingAnother. Paul Klee Acrobats THE DISCOVERERS I. Red Eric William Carlos Williams Rather the ice than their way: to take what is mine by single strength,theirs by the crookedness of their law. But they have marked me — even tomyself. Because I am not like them I am evil. I cannot get my handson it: I, murderer, outlaw, outcast even from Iceland. Because their wayis the just way and my way — the way of the kings and my father —crosses them: weaklings holding together to appear strong. But I amalone though in Greenland.The worst is that weak, still, somehow, they are strong: they in effecthave the power, by hook or by crook. And because I am not like them —not that I am evil but more in accord with our own blood than they, eagerto lead — this very part of me, by their trickery must not appear unlessin their jacket. Eric was Greenland: I call it Greenland that men willgo there to colonize it.I then must open a way for them into the ice that they follow meeven here — their servant in spite of myself. Yet they must follow.It was so from the beginning. They drove me from Jaederen, my fatherand me. Who was this Christ that he should come to bother me in mvown country? His bishops that lie and falsify the records, make me outto be what I am not — for their own ends — because we killed a man.Was he the first man that was ever killed that they must sour over it?That he was important to their schemes, that he meant much to them —granted: one of their own color, we who altered him must be driven fromNorway. Their courts and soft ways. Not that we killed him. One orthe other of us had to die under the natural circumstance. He or we. Butthat if we had been killed, would he then have been driven from his country?They would have made him Archbishop. To Iceland then. Forget Norway. What there? My father dead.Land to the north cleared. A poor homestead. Manslaughter had drivenme there. Then I married Thorhild, removed from the north and clearedland at Haukadal. Must Ibe meek because of that? If my slaves causea landslide on ValthiofTs farm and ValthiofTs kinsman slays them shallI not kill him? Is it proper for me to stand and to be made small beforemy slaves? I am not a man to shake and sweat like a thief when thetime comes.Rather say I killed two men instead of the one. They tried me amongthemselves and drove me out once more. To the north then. Icelandwilderness.There Thorgest comes to me and asks if I will lend him my outerdais-boards: ready to take me at a loss. Why else? For Eric the Red isa marked man, beyond the law, or nearly, and he who is outside the lawhas no law, so it would seem: from that man one steals at will — beingmany in the act against his one. Thorgest keeps the decorated woodpieces.I go to his house and remove my property. He gives chase and two ofhis sons are killed in the encounter.This time they have done the thing. They search for us among theislands — me and my people.This is the way of it, Thorhall, this has always been the way withme from the first. Eric loves his friends, loves bed, loves food, loves thehunt, loves his sons. He is a man that can throw a spear, take a girl,steer a ship, till the soil, plant, care for the cattle, skin a fox, sing, dance,run, wrestle, climb, swim like a seal. A man to plan an expedition andpay for it, kill an enemy, take his way through a fog, a snowstorm, reada reckoning by the stars, live in a stench, drink foul water, withstand thefierce cold, the black of winter and come to a new country with a hundredmen and found them there. But they have branded me. They haveseparated murder into two parts and fastened the worse on me. It rides inthe air around me. What is it to be killed? They have had their flingat me. Is it worse, so much worse than to be hunted about the islands,chased from Norway to Iceland, from south to north, from Iceland toGreenland, because — I am I, and remain so.Outlaws have no friends. Murderers are run down like rabbits amongthe stones. Yet my ship was built, fitted, manned, given safe conduct beyond the reefs. To Thorbiorn I owe much. And so to Greenland -— afterbitter days fighting the ice and rough seas. Pestilence struck us. The cattlesickened. Weeks passed. The summer nearly ended before we struck land.This is my portion. Ido not call it not to my liking. Hardship lives in me.What I suffer is myself that outraces the water or the wind. But that itonly should be mine, cuts deep. It is the half only. And it takes it outof my taste that the choice is theirs. I have the rough of it not becauseI will it but because it is all that is left, a remnant from their coatcloth.This is the gall on the meat. Let the hail beat me. It is a kind of joyI feel in such things.Greenland then. So be it. Start over again. It turns out always theone way. A wife, her two sons and a daughter. So my life was split up.The logic of it also. This is my proof. We lived at our homestead wellrid of the world. Traders visited us. Then Lief, Eric's son, sails to Norway,a thousand miles, in one carry. But on his return, Lief the Lucky, he isdriven westward upon a new country, news of which he brings to Brattahlid.At the same stroke he brings me back pride and joy-in-his-deed, my deed,Eric moving up, and poison: an edict from Olaf — from my son's mouth —solid as an axe to cut me, half healed, into pieces again.Not that it was new. Only that here in Greenland I had begun tofeel that I had left the curse behind. Here through the winters, far to thewest, I had begun to look toward summer when I should be whole again.My people at work, my wife beside me, the boys free from my smear growingin strength and knowledge of the sea. Here was an answer to them all:Thorstein and Lief Erickson, sons of Red Eric, murderer I Myself in theteeth of the world.So they chopped me up. The Pope wins Olaf. Lief at court — aftera thousand miles in one carry — Olaf commissions him to carry the thingback to Greenland. It grows like fire. Why not? Promise the weakstrength and have the strength of a thousand weak at your bidding. Thor- hild bars me, godless, from her bed. Both sons she wins to it. Lief andThorstein both Christians. And this is what they say: Eric, son of evil,come and be forgiven. — Let her build a church and sleep in it.With the years there began to be much talk at Brattahlid of Vinlandthe Good that Lief had first seen, that it should be explored. And soKarlsefni and Snorri fitted out a ship. Eric, too old to go with them, watches the ship depart. But Eric is in the ship, with the men, Eric thebedless, the sonless. Fate has pulled him out at the holes of his eyes andflung him again to sea as the ship steers southward. Now the glass darkensas the sea takes them to the New World.They found wild rice, they built booths and palisades. First theytraded with the Skrellings, whose cheekbones were high, whose eyes wide,then fought them. Whereas Karlsefni and his men had shown white shieldsbefore, now they took red shields and displayed them. The Skrellingssprang from their canoes and they fought together. Karlsefni and Snorriwere beaten. They fell back. Then it was that Freydis, Eric's naturaldaughter, came out from her cabin. Seeing that the men were fleeingshe cried: Why do you flee from these wretches, when ye should slaughterthem like cattle? Had I a weapon I would fight better than any of you.Lagging behind the rest as they ran because of her belly, she beingwith child, she found a dead man in front of her. It was Snorri's son withhis head cleft by a stone, his naked sword beside him. This she took upand prepared to defend herself. The Skrellings then approached her,whereupon she stripped down her shirt and slapped her breast with herbare sword. At this the Skrellings were terrified and ran down to theirboats.So, thinning out, more and more dark, it ran: Eric in Freydis' bones:Freydis now, mistress of her own ship, persuades two brothers, Helgi andFinnbogi, to sail with her again to Vinland: all to share equally the goodthings that might there be obtained. Lief to lend her his house there. Twoships, each to have thirty ablebodied men besides the women, but at thestart Freydis violated the compact by concealing five men more. Karlsefnifeared her.Now they put out to sea, the brothers in one ship and Freydis andKarlsefni in the other, having agreed that they would sail in company. Butalthough they were not far apart from each other the brothers arrivedsomewhat in advance and carried their belongings up to Liefs house.Freydis comes and does the same. The brothers withdraw and build anew house nearby. Within a month the two houses are at odds and wintercomes on.Spring. Freydis one night after long thinking, arose early from herbed and dressed herself but did not put on shoes and stockings. A heavy dew had fallen. She took up her husband's cloak, wrapped it about herand walked in the dark to the brothers' house and up to the door, whichhad been only partly closed by one of the men who had gone out onlya short time before. She pushed open the door and stood silently in thedoorway for a time. Finnbogi was awake and said: What dost thou wishhere Freydis? She answered: I wish thee to arise and go with me forI would speak with thee. — They walked to a tree which lay close by thewall of the house and seated themselves upon it. How art thou pleasedhere, she said. He answered that he was well pleased with the place exceptfor the quarrel which had come up between them. They talked.It was the brothers' boat — it seemed — she wanted, larger thanher own. Finnbogi slow, thickheaded, or asleep consents to let her haveit. Freydis split with anger or bad blood returns home and Finnbogi tohis bed.The woman climbed into bed and awakened her husband with hercold feet. Why so cold and wet? I have been to the brothers to buytheir ship, but they refused and beat me!Thorvard roused his men. They went to the brothers' house, tookthem and all their people, and slaughtered them one by one as they werebrought from within. Only the women were left. These no one wouldkill. What? said Freydis. Hand me an axe! This done she fell upon thefive women and left them dead.In Greenland, Lief now head of the family has no heart to punishhis sister as she deserves: But this I predict of them, that there is littleprosperity in store for their offspring. — Hence it came to pass that noone from that time forward thought them worthy of aught but evil. Ericin his grave. George Grosz The Pimps of Death THE KID Vsevolod Ivanov (Translated from the Russian by Louis Lozowick.) Mongolia — wild and joyless beast. Every rock — a beast, everylake — a beast, every butterfly seeking to sting.Mongolians — inscrutable creatures: dressed, people say, in animalhides, looking like Chinamen, and living far from the Russians, in the desertNor-Koy. Rumor said that they would retreat still farther, beyond Chinaand India into blue unknown lands.A small Kirghiz tribe (*), that had come from the Irtysh river fleeingfrom the Russian battle front, was now roaming in Mongolia, at some distancefrom a group of Russians, also fugitives. Brittle worthless characters, aseverybody knows, the Kirghiz moved forward without haste. They broughttheir cattle along, their children, and even their sick.The Russian fugitives, strong and healthy peasants, were being drivenwithout mercy. They left all weaker ones behind them. Some of thosedied; others were killed. Their families, their property and cattle remainedin the hands of the Whites. The peasants were as mad as wolves in spring.They lay in their tents hidden in a ravine, thinking of their steppes, thinkingof their Irtysh river.There were about fifty of them, with Sergey Selivanov as president.They called themselves in fact Comrade Selivanov's Partisan Detachmentof the Red Guards.They were lonesome.When the Whites had been driving them across the mountains, the bigblack crags frightened them. Now that they had reached the Steppe, theywere bored.The Steppe here was like the steppe around the Irtysh river; sand,tough grass, hard metallic sky. Everything foreign, strange, uncultivated,wild.The hardest thing was to get along without women.All night, they told smutty soldiers' yarns, and when the torture becameunbearable, they saddled their horses and went hunting after Kirghiz women.And the Kirghiz women noticing the Russians would fall submissivlyon their backs. It was disgusting to take them thus, lying motionless and with tightlyclosed eyes. It was like sinning with a beast.The men were afraid of the Russians and moved out of their wayfar into the steppe. Whenever they saw a Russian they would brandishtheir rifles and bows threateningly, they would yell, but never shoot.Perhaps they did not know how. II. The treasurer of the Detachment, Afanasy Petrovitch Trubatchov, wastearful like a child and had the face of a child, small, red, beardless. Onlyhis legs were long and wiry like a camel's.When he mounted a horse, he grew stern at once. His face wasdrawn in and he sat there gray headed, angry, terrible.On Whitsuntide three men, Selivanov, Afanasy Petrovitch, Drevesinin,were sent into the steppe to find good pasturage.A wind was blowing. A heat wave was rising from the earth to thequivering sky. The bodies of man and beast were tough and heavy like stone.Selivanov said hoarsely:"What kind of pasturage can you expect here?"Every one knew he was thinking of the Irtysh river.The sparse bearded faces were silent; the hair on them looked likegrass scorched by the sun; the eyes were bloodshot like a wound froma fishhook.Only Afanasy Petrovitch said piteously:ffWonder if there is a drought there too?"He spoke in a tearful voice but there were no tears in his eyes.A tear was fretting the big dry eyes of the horse under him.And so one after another the partisans went along wild-goat pathsinto the steppe.The sand was glowing hot; the sand-saturated wind was clingingfast to the shoulders and head; the sweat was smarting in the body butcould not make its way through the dry skin to the surface.Towards evening, as they were passing from a hollow, Selivanovpointed south and said:ffSomebody is coming."True. At the horizon a pink dust was rising above the sand."Must be Kirghiz." They began to argue. Drevesinin said that the Kirghiz always keptat a distance and never approached Selivanov's ravine. Afanasy insisted itcould be no one else. Only Kirghiz ever raised such thick dense dust.And when the dust came rolling nearer and nearer, they all decided:"Strangers."The horses understood from the voices of their masters that strangerswere coming. They laid their ears back and fell on the ground even beforeany order was given.In the ravine the gray and yellow horses' bodies looked helpless andridiculous with their thin rod-like legs. They closed their big frightenedeyes as if ashamed and were panting heavily.Selivanov and the treasurer Afanasy Petrovitch were lying at the edge ofthe ravine. The treasurer was snivelling and whimpering. To allay hisfear, Selivanov always kept him at his side; he seemed to enjoy and to findmalicious satisfaction in that childish whimper.Dust was sweeping nearer along the path. One could already hearthe wheels knocking alternately; one could see the long black manes rollinglike dust clouds in the harness.Selivanov said, with assurance:"Russians."And he called Drevesinin from the ravine.Two persons sat in a new wicker cart. One could see red bands ontheir hats but their faces were hidden by the dust. The red seemed toswim in yellow clouds. The muzzle of a gun emerged from the dust,a hand with a whip appeared now and then.Drevesinin thought a while and said:"Officers ... on business I suppose ... An Expedition . . ."There was an evil twinkle in his eye."We'll show them what an Expedition is."The cart carried the people fast ahead, pushed the horses forward.The dust, like a fox's tail, swept the tracks behind it.Afanasy Petrovitch pleaded piteously:"No, buddies, better let us take them prisoners.""Have you no pity for your own head?"Selivanov got angry, opened the cock of his gun, noiselessly likea button and threw back:"Stop your bellyaching."What made them particularly angry was, that the officers had comewithout convoy as if they were in countless numbers carrying certain deathto the peasants. One of the officers rose to his full stature, surveyed the steppe, but couldnot see well in the dust, and the wind, and the red evening, descendingon the scorched grass and on the two rocks resembling horse's bodies nearthe ravine.The cart and its wheels, the people and their thoughts, were submergedin the red dust.A shot rang out.At once the hats, knocking against each other, fell into the cart.The reins slipped as if snapped by an unseen hand.The horses darted forward and tried to run away. Suddenly theirmanes became coated with a milky foam; their powerful muscles trembled;they hung their heads and stopped.Afanasy Petrovitch said:"Dead."The peasants went to look.Dead they were. Shoulder to shoulder, they sat heads thrown back- ward like hoods. One of them was a woman. Hair scattered, half coveredwith dust — yellow and black; a soldier's blouse bulged high with a fullwoman's bosom."Queer thing," said Drevesinin, "but it is her own fault. Shouldn'thave worn a man's hat. Who wants to kill women? We need them."Afanasy Petrovitch spat."You skunk, boor joy . . . you haven't . . .""Hold on," broke in Selivanov. "We are no robbers. We have tomake an inventory of the people's property. Hand me a slip of paper."In a Chinese wicker basket, hidden under the front seat, they foundwith the rest of the "people's property" a bright haired and bright eyedbaby. Its little hand was clutching at the corner of a brown quilt. Stilla suckling, small sized, squeaking.Afanasy Petrovitch said with emotion:"Well listen to it, jabbering in its own lingo."Again there was a general expression of regret for the woman. Theydid not remove her clothes. The man was buried naked in the sand. III. Afanasy Petrovitch returned in the cart. Rocking the babe in hisarms, he sang: "Nightingale, birdie,Canary —Sadly singing. . ."He recalled his village Lebiajy, his home, his cattle, his family, hischildren, and began to cry in a thin voice.The baby cried too.The fine crisp glowing sand extended far into the distance and criedalso in a thin voice. The partisans with tempered faces and souls rode ontheir small strong Mongol horses.Parched wormwood small and invisible, spread like sand along thepath.Sand and wormwood small and bitter.Goat paths. Bitter sands. Mongolia — wild and joyless beast.They examined the officer's property. Books, a box of tobacco, brightsteel instruments. One of these was a four-cornered brass box with parti- tions set on a tripod.The partisans examined it, weighed it in their hands.They smelled of mutton fat. From great lonesomeness they ate toomuch and soiled their clothes. They had prominent cheek bones, soft thinlips, long black hair, dark complexions—real Don village types. And theyall had bow-like legs and the guttural voice of the steppe.Afanasy Petrovitch lifted the tripod with the brass top and said:"Telescope," then half closed his eyes."Good telescope this. Cost heaps of millions. They saw the moonwith it, fellows, and found gold deposits there. Pure like flour. Don't haveto wash it even, all you need is just to pour it into sacks."A young city-bred chap laughed aloud."What is he fibbing about? Put the stopper on him."Afanasy Petrovitch got angry."I am fibbing, you stinking carrion? Just wait ..." They divided up the tobacco and gave the instrument to AfanasyPetrovitch. As treasurer he might swop it for something with the Kirghiz.He put the instrument before the baby and said:"Have some fun, kiddie." But the child went on squeaking. He tried one thing, another. Hebroke into sweat—nothing would do, the baby went on as before.The cooks brought dinner. There was a heavy odour of oil, porridge,shtchee. They pulled out of their boots wide Semipalatinsk wooden spoons.The grass under them was well worn. The ravine was deep and shady.A mounted guard standing on duty, shouted from above:"Hey there, I want to quit .... I am hungry .... Send up some- body. .They finished eating and remembered—kid had to eat too. It neverstopped squeaking.Afanasy Petrovitch chewed up some bread, stuck the moist putty intothe child's open mouth, and smacked his lips."PP . . pp . . here little shaver . . . have some grub, colty."But the kid would not eat; closed its mouth and turned its head away.Running at the nose.The peasants crowded around it. Looked at the kid over one another'sshoulders. Were silent.It was hot. Their lips and cheek bones shone with mutton fat; theirshirts were unbuttoned; their feet were bare and yellow like the soil of*Mongolia.One said:"Maybe he would eat some shtchee?"Some shtchee was cooled off. Afanasy Petrovitch dipped his fingerinto it and then into the baby's mouth. The good fat shtchee trickleddown from the child's lips on the rose shirt and the woolen quilt.The baby would not eat."Why a puppy has more sense; it would lick your finger.""Well, that's a brute, and this is a human being.""That's right."There was no cow's milk in the camp. They thought at first of feed- ing the child with mare's milk—there were mares in the camp. But thekumiss was too intoxicating, the child might fall sick.They scattered in groups among the wagons; they spoke worriedly.Afanasy Petrovitch was running back and forth with a tattered coat onhis back, with little tattered eyes in his face. He was lamenting in a thin,agitated, childish voice, as if he himself had been the child."Well, what shall we do about it? ... We ought to. . . ."Wide shouldered and powerful, they stood helpless. "That's a woman's business.""Of course.""Maybe a woman would make him eat up a whole mutton?""Maybe."Selivanov called an assembly meeting and said:"We cannot let a Christian baby die like a brute. Supposing hisfather was a boorjoy, the kid is not to blame for it."The peasants agreed:"The kid has nothing to do with it."Drevesinin burst out laughing."The kid will grow up all right ... fly on the moon . . . mine gold . . ."Nobody laughed. Afanasy Petrovitch raised his fists and shouted:"If you aren't the craziest bitch."He stamped his feet, threw up his hands, and suddenly uttereda piercing cry."A cow ... we must get a cow for him."All answered in a chorus:"He'll die if we don't get a cow.""A cow is what he needs.""He'll burn up if there is no cow."Afanasy Petrovitch said resolutely:"I am going to look for a cow."Drevesinin broke in impertinently:"Go to the Irtysh, into Lebiajy. . .""I don't have to go to Irtysh, you assorted nut. I am going to theKirghiz.""Swop the telescope."Afanasy Petrovitch flew at him.Seeing, however, that they began to swear at each other inordinately,Selivanov, the chairman of the meeting said:"That'll do."And it was decided by vote that Drevesinin, Afanasy Petrovitch, andthree others go to the Kirghiz camp to get a cow. If possible two or five—thecook's supply of meat was running rather low.They attached rifles to their saddles, put on Kirghiz fox hats to re- semble Kirghiz from the distance, and started."Good bye."They wrapped the baby in the quilt and put it under a wagon.A young fellow sat watching it. To amuse himself as well as the baby hekept shooting from his Nogan revolver into the bushes. IV. Dreary Mongolian sands.Russians riding over the sand. Night.Sands exhaling heat and wormwood.In the Kirghiz aul, dogs barking at wolves, at darkness.Wolves howling in darkness at the city, at death.Kirghiz fleeing death."Could we save our cattle from death?"Green sultry darkness quivering over the sands, hardly able to retainit. Ready to fly off southward in a moment.The aul exhaled the odor of dung, butter milk. Small hungry Kirghizchildren sat around yellow camp fires. Dogs with bare ribs and pointedjaws pressed close to them. The tents looked like haystacks. There werea lake and reeds behind the camp.Somebody fired a shot from the reeds into the camp fire."o—o—a—at. .The Kirghiz left their tents at once. They screamed in fright, firstsingly, then all together."(Joy-boy . . . ooy-boy, ak-kyzil ooroos . . . Ooy-boy. . ."They jumped on their horses which were kept in harness day andnight. The tents, the steppe, resounded with the tramping of feet . . . Thereeds echoed the cry of a wild duck."Ak- . . . ak . . ."Only one Kirghiz, a grey bearded old man, fell from his horse headforemost into a kettle. He upset it, was scalded and began to wail ina deep voice. And near him a shaggy dog, its tail between its legs, wassticking timidly its hungry snout into the hot milk.The mares were neighing softly. The sheep were running back andforth in the stable as if frightened by a wolf. . . The cows were pantingheavily.The Kirghiz women noticed the Russians and lay down submissivelyon the pillows.Drevesinin laughed indecently."Are we stallions or what? ... We can't always be . . ."He quickly filled a flat bottle with milk, and, cracking his whip,drove up the cows and calves to the tents. Freed from the string, the calvesfell hungrily to the udders butting them eagerly with their heads."Look at that hungry gang."Drevesinin drove the cows from the camp. Afanasy Petrovitch made another tour of the aul and was ready toleave when he recalled something."Why we need a nipple. Hey you nuts, you forgot the nipple."And he ran into the tents to look for one. The fires in the tents wereextinguished. Afanasy Petrovitch picked up a smouldering log. Chokingwith the smoke and scattering sparks all around him, he began to lookfor a nipple.One hand held the crackling log, the other hand held a revolver.But no nipple could be found. Covered by their clothes, the sub- missive Kirghiz women were lying prostrate. The children were squealing.Afanasy Petrovitch got angry and shouted to one of the women:"Hey, there you low down nemakana, give us a nipple."The woman burst into sobs and began to unbutton first her jacketthen her shirt."Ni kirek . . . Al ... Al . . ."At her side, a baby wrapped in rags was crying.The Kirghiz woman bent her legs."Al . . . Al . . ."Suddenly Afanasy Petrovitch caught her breast, squeezed it, andwhistled with joy:"Whew . . . there's a fine nipple . . .""Ni kirek . . . ni . ."All right, don't be quacking. Come on."And he dragged her after him.He dropped the log. The tent sank into darkness.He helped the woman into the saddle, and, feeling her breast fromtime to time, rushed off to Selivanov's ravine."I got it, pals." He said, and there were tears in his eyes."I got it." V. And then they found that in the dark unnoticed by Afanasy Petrovitch,the woman had fetched her baby along."Let it stay," said the peasants, "She has enough milk for the two ofthem. We have cows now and she is a pretty husky wench."The Kirghiz woman was silent and grave, and fed the two babies whennobody was looking. They both lay on a rough pillow in the tent, onewhite, the other yellow, and both squealing in unison.About a week or so later Afanasy Petrovitch brought the followingfact to the attention of the general assembly. ffA cheater, comrades,—the wench feeds her own kid on a full breastand gives ours what's left on the bottom. I saw it myself."The peasants came up to her tent. The babies were there, no differentfrom any other babies. One was white, the other yellow like a ripe muskmelon. But it did seem that the Russian was thinner than the Kirghiz.Afanasy Petrovitch was in despair."Why, I even gave him a name, Vaska .... And now . . .Drevesinin said:"You certainly look punk, Vaska."They found a stick, balanced it on a shaft so that one side shouldnot weigh more than the other, and hung the babies one on each side tosee which was the heavier.Wrapped in rags and suspended from lassos, the babies were wailing.They had the specific odor of infants. The woman stood nearby not com- prehending anything and weeping.The peasants were all gone to their work."Let go." said Selivanov.Afanasy Petrovitch removed his hand from the stick and the Russianshot up straight into the air."Look at the yellow brat," said Afanasy Petrovitch enraged, "he'sall blown up."He picked up a mutton skull lying on the ground and put it onthe Russian child. The two sides were now in equilibrium."Overfed her kid by a full head, eh . . .""We can't be spying on her all the time.""She's a brute.""We have more to do than look after the kid,"All agreed:"We can't be always looking after them.""Well, if you look at it in a different way-—she is a mother after all."Afanasy Petrovitch stamped his feet and even screamed with rage."You mean to tell me that our own Russian kid is to croak for somenemakan? .. . Our own Vaska is to croak . . ."They all looked at Vaska. He was lying there pale and thin.The peasants were saddened.Selivanov turned to Afanasy Petrovitch."You know . . . take that kid . . . and let him . . . God rest hissoul ... let the Kirghiz kid . . . die . . . we've done in plenty of them . . .one more won't . . .The peasant looked again at Vaska and disappeared. Afanasy Petrovitch wrapped the Kirghiz baby in an old sack.The mother whined. Afanasy Petrovitch slapped her lightly on thecheek and went into the steppe. . . VI. Two days later the peasants were standing on tip-toe before a tent andwere peeping over one another's shoulders inside, where the woman waslying on the floor feeding the white child.The woman was dressed in a jacket and leather shoes. Her face witheyes narrow like oat grains bore a submissive expression.The kid was burrowing its face into her breast, padding its little handsover her jacket and kicking its feet in a funny and awkward fashion as iftrying to leap.The peasants looked on, laughing uproariously.Afanasy Petrovitch watched them tenderly, blew his nose, and saidin a drawl:"Just watch him go to it."And behind the canvas tent, the ravine, the steppe, strange Mongoliastretching into unknown distances.Mongolia, wild and joyless beast. * A Turkish tribe inhabiting Siberia. Saturday Night George Grosz A NOTE ON MODERN RUSSIAN ART Louis Lozowick Madman Drawing It is well the devil can quote Scripture: we know thereby the characterof Satan, even if we are in the dark as to Holy Writ. St. Paul of Aix,St. Apollinarius of Paris, Revelation, Apocrypha and other books in theBible of modern art have been quoted so copiously and interpreted soliberally by the modern Russian artists, in their fight against orthodoxy,that their own identity is never left in doubt.The advent of the Soviets resulted in a heightened productivity amongmodern Russian artists. Whatever state patronage of the arts may be worthin general, it is undeniable that in Russia the Soviets gave a great impetusto artistic effort by inaugurating a program of reform on a scale hardlyparallelled in any other modern State. They abolished the old ImperialAcademy, organized a Free College of Artists in its place, opened newfree art schools, established Museums of modern art (Museums of ArtisticCulture) organized popular lectures and travelling exhibitions, supportedthe artists, bought their works, employed them in staging popular revolu- tionary festivals, issued new art publications — in a word did everythingto encourage the growth of art and to bring it nearer to the masses.Artistic activity rose to tremendous proportions, and yet the threadsconnecting modern Russian art and the Revolution are a little difficult totrace because the period is so brief and the schools are so various. Thereis, in the first place, an extreme preoccupation with social theory, an attemptto stress the obvious parallel between the political and artistic revolutions,to break with the past in order to create new art forms just as the Sovietshad broken with the past to create a new State; a desire to bring art nearerto life, to make art an integral part of it, to concentrate the constructiveessence of the revolution in pictorial form that would have universal importand become eventually universal property.This brings up the second great preoccupation of modern Russianartists: art theory. Formally modern Russian art is up in revolt againstthe older Russian art and in particular against the didacticism of the"Wanderers" (Peredvijniki) and the aestheticism of the "World of Art"(Mir Iskusstva). The "Wanderers" — Perov, Kramskoy, Gue, Vereshtchagin,Repin — painted illustrated sermons intending to make evil men good, andgood men better. It was art with a mission and a message. The membersof the "World of Art" — Benois, Golovin, Korovin, Somov, Roerich, Bakst — admitted one message: Art for Art's sake, and one mission: Beauty.The modern Russian artists summarily reject the methods of both. Arthas a social function, certainly, but this can best be exercised if the formallaws of art are observed. The ethical significance of art is in direct pro- portion to its aesthetic quality. But it is, precisely, in this respect that theolder schools are found wanting. One makes disagreeable facts a little lessattractive, the other makes agreeable facts a little more attractive. Bothdilute life into anecdote and the method of procedure is in both cases verymuch the same, must of necessity be so, for the practice of both is basedon imitation. The modern Russian artists base their practice on creation.They, too, hold life paramount but their attitude to it and their conceptionof it can be fully materialized only if the barrier between them and lifeis removed-—if imitation as a method is abandoned. The modern Russianartists demand before all else mastery of technique, skill of workmanship,and devote themselves to a thorough going study of the elements peculiarto each art: the structure and stability of a picture; color: its hue, shade,value, weight; materials: their texture and solidity; space, volume, depth;form: balance and relation of masses and planes.The reaction began with the ffJack of Diamonds" (Bubnovy Valet),a school of Gezannists — Mashkov, Kontchalovsky, Rojdestvensky, LentulovFalk — which tried to solve anew Cezanne's problems. The artists didnot seek, like the Impressionists, to record a fleeting, transient impression,but rather to fix the stable and permanent. They employed natural form,but ordered the planes and balanced the masses of their pictures witha view to structural significance.The Cubists — Morgunov, Exter, Udaltzova, Popova, Pevsner — selec- ted what appeared to them most essential in the art of Cezanne and wentas far in the same direction as seemed logically inevitable. They usedcolor and form not as elements necessary to represent concrete visualobjects but as autonomous elements, as bricks used in the construction ofa picture. They attempted to introduce a perspective of depth instead ofdistance and to set planes in a given direction to express spatial relations.The Suprematists — Malevitch, Exter, Rodtchenko, Dievin, Lissitzky,Rosanova — tried to carry the analytic process of Cubism to its logicalconclusion. They sought to get rid of what appeared chaotic in cubismby employing a greater economy of means. They combined pure elementarycolors and simple elementary forms in a manner to suggest movement andcreate rhythm. Malevitch, the leader of the movement, carried simplifica- tion so far as to paint a black disk on a white square. Then he made thenext step and painted "White on White". To be sure, the two whites differ in hue and texture. Rodtchenko one of his ablest pupils, painted"Black on Black" (mat and glossy). Then he made the last step by paintingthree square canvasses in the three elementary colors, red, blue, and yellowrespectively. Does that mean that art has at last reached a blind alley?Rodtchenko who passed from Suprematism to Contructivism would answerin the negative. There is a passage into the open. It is the passage leadingfrom art to production. Art should merge with life. Autonomous art hasno longer any important function to perform. But the artist has. Heshould devote his organizing, creative faculties to the productive industrialprocesses and thus relinquish his parasitic existence. Rodtchenko was trueto his doctrine: he gave up the practice of art.Not all constructivists — Medunetzky, Sternberg, loganson, Kliutzis,Lissitzky, Tatlin — hold the same views. Another tendency grants thelegitimacy of artistic activity, although it would transform that in harmonywith the demands of the new age. Art should root in the weightiest reali- ties of our day. These are science and industry. The Constructivists, there- fore, go for instruction to science and borrow an example from industry.Like science they aim at precision, order, organization; like industry theydeal with concrete materials: paper, wood, coal, iron, glass. Out of these,new objects — not pictures — are created not imitative of reality but builtwith a structural logic to be utilized eventually, just as steam was utilizedlong after its discovery; — new objects that can affect society just asthey are rooted in it. Hence the Constructivists consider their work strictlyutilitarian. Technical processes organize dead materials; constructivist artwould mold the new social personality.There are still other versions of the Constructivist doctrine, all of themhaving at their core what one might call irreverently a romantic adorationof the machine. The law of contrast, perhaps. It was in the classicalland of Political Economy, the Industrial Revolution, and urban centraliza- tion — it was in England that landscape painting had its rise.Tatlin, one of the most prominent representatives of this tendency,attempted in his Monument to the Third International, to unite art andscience and to create a utilitarian work. This monument comprising threestories (cube, pyramid, cylinder) rotating at different velocities (year, month,day) brings the time factor into his work. In different connection and ona smaller scale, the sculptor Gabo also introduces dynamism into his work.He seeks to establish in his sculpture an interrelation of forces rather thanof masses. Gabo operates, like Archipenko, with the concave instead of theconvex surface common in sculpture, and attempts to solve his novelproblems in plastic glass constructions. Archipenko holds high rank among modern Russian artists for hisstructural sculpture, his sculpto-painting, his work in porcelain and metal,and his excellent drawings.The social and formal aspect are both strongly emphasized by Altman.This artist passed all stages in the evolution from "Mir Iskusstva" to the latesttendencies. He holds that the old art of the "Wanderers" and the "Worldof Art" as well as the new art of the Cubists and the Futurists is reactionaryand out of date. The new age requires a new departure. Two ways areopen to modern artists. The first is to abandon art and pass into pro- duction as Rodtchenko did; the second is to create a new art based noton merely visual forms, planes, lines, colors, but an art whose componentelements are actual materials; coal, iron, steel, wood, paper. His work"Russia" embodies his theory. It is a rectangular board varnished andpolished in some parts and inlaid with coal, paper, black wood in others.The materials are wrought and combined with a view of making an objectwhich while not a picture shall yet have aesthetic value. Aesthetic valueintermingled with ethical value, for the work purports to affect humanconsciousness by revealing to it in abstract form the powerful reality of re- volution with its glorification of labor.Sternberg, though, in general, not indifferent to social theory, confineshimself in his work to pure aesthetic expression which he seeks to achieveby a simplification and conventionalization of natural form and by colorand texture contrasts.The painters Kandinsky, Filonov, and Chagal have each a well definedpersonality and stand somewhat aside from the general trend. They maybe all termed Expressionists, for their intricate design, their intuitive methodof work, and their rich often inchoate fantasy indicates kinship with theGerman art movement of the same name.Critical literature is as ever abundant. At times the modern criticshave a tendency to treat as axioms propositions that are doubtful even astheorems; at times they like to play the part of Apollinaire and explain theartists to themselves. On the whole however there is a healthy tendencyto examine fearlessly and searchingly all standards.Punin would have art train the apperceptive and cognitive faculties,to make man perceive the world as synthesis and thereby become masterof it. Arvatov would have art be first ancillary to life, organize the humanemotions and intellect, make them receptive to progressive revolutionaryprocesses, and be finally distilled in life and absorbed by it. Brick wouldraise the artist to the rank of artisan and thus make him a useful memberof society. ("He who does not work, neither shall he eat.") Gan would banish art from society altogether* ("We declare irreconcilable war on art.")and decree material intellectual production, the creation of socially necessaryobjects of use.To one acquainted with Russian critical literature much of this soundsfamiliar. Pissarev, over half a century ago, drew a parallel between Push- kin and a shoemaker, much to the disadvantage of the former. Stassovadvocated an art of social utility. Tolstoy's doctrine of artistic f'infection"is universally familiar. Even the case of Rodtchenko finds its analogy inthat of Gue who after a successful artistic career abandoned art underthe influence of Tolstoy's evangelical doctrines.In general, however, the modern Russian critics are much bolder owingto their more radical social philosophy and their leaning on the State. TheSoviet Government acted on the assumption that a new art can be thework of a new man, himself the product of a new social system. Theirpolicy was based on this assumption and they attempted to solve the artproblem in a practical way — perhaps in the only practical way possible —in the way implicit in the assumption.The assumption might be challenged; the policy might be criticized;that the effort is worth making is hardly open to doubt. Madman Drawing BERLIN AND THE BUBBLING RHINE M. J. "Grosser als das Beefsteak ist der Tod!"Richard Huelsenbeck. Enter Berlin by the Passage Panoptikum. Under the dusty arcadewhere neither sun nor rain can pass, elbow your way by the bawds, thetourists and the panders of a new age. Regard the incandescent signs whichherald the "Greatest Abnormalities of a Century" or "Jazz Band" or Ameri- can Drinks, the saloons with granite fagades which dispense a syntheticnectar. The gutters are filled with rubbish. These are the distorted facesof the new Shylocks, the vendors of the four winds, the faces wThich Groszdraws without pity.We have indeed wandered far from the genial (corpulent) Teuton who,lager-laden, sprawled by the mellow Rhine. Nor is it easy to dismiss themirage of modern Germany with a wave of the hand. The world ofFriedrichstrasse is here to be wrestled with. It is the nomansland of themodern artist: he must either survive or die on this front.The previous artistic milieu was Berlin-Westens. A decade ago, in thecomfortable imperial days, the doors swung open on ballbearings and gaveon salons which were no less elegant and mundane than those of the Etoile;its residents lived ano less precarious and complex existence. And for themillion odd middle-class inhabitants of Berlin's most fashionable quarteran art and a poesy were conceived, so faithful to their letter, that the "Berlin-Westens novel" and the "Berlin-Westens poem" became literary by-words.What was this milieu which stamped the art of a whole generation?Nothing but a populous middle class, rich, pleasure loving, urbane, gour- mand, and somewhat coarser than the Paris of the same era. Their completevanity is mirrored in both the content and manner of the Sudermann novel,"Sodom's Ende," in the demoded plays of Otto Hartleben and the satirical- decadent poetry of Otto Julius Bierbaum, all of which Berlin-Westens in itsvery vanity and futility took to its utmost heart.Berlin had but recently begun to play the part of a capitol in theintellectual life of Germany. After the Jungdeutschland renaissance however,one "movement" followed another without reverence; the Stormers andStressers, Naturalists, Decadents, Symbolists, Expressionists, Dadaists . . .The Stormers and Stressers, Conrad, Bleibtreu and the Hart brothers came crying: "Schonheit ohne Reinheit ist unvollstandig;" but they soon madeway for the Naturalists, Arno Holz, Hirschfeld and the younger Hauptmann;then were flung poppies, poppies, with the Decadents, Bierbaum and Hart- leben; as for the Symbolists, they were as easily absorbed, although StefanGeorge was never as honestly admired as were the more comprehensibleRichard Dehmel and Gustav Falke. Nor was the advent of Expressionismdifficult: the external forms of art had been left untouched by the Symbolistsin their rapt contemplation of the interior palpitations of the soul of manand nature; the proper rebound was, obviously, to ignore the interior ofphenomena and concentrate on the purely external palpitations of the fleshand the soil, while overhauling idiom, form, language, in short everythingrelated to the expression of the experience. A shallow rebellion. Expression- ism merely served to hide a multitude of digressions. What more fittingthan the Dadas come with their bushman cry: "BIRRI-BUMM! BIRRI- BUMM! BIRRI-BUMM!" Thus, we arrive at a species of guerilla warfare inart, whereby everything is ploughed up, plundered, and re-hashed. Wearrive at the gate of the Passage Panoptikum fronting Friedrichstrasse.A cross-section of modern Germany's literary history can at least beof negative value; to prove that three or four fascinating personalities, whoemerge from the marmalade, can neither be "placed" nor dismissed. Ispeak of Alfred Mombert, Jakob Van Hoddis and Paul Scheerbart — sinceno two commentators agree, I have the right to signal them — who are illremembered amid the mass of names which litters the period between 1885and 1914. Mombert, Scheerbart, Van Hoddis compose no "school," kneweven little of each other. Mombert is said to be living still, although fewseem to know either of him or of Van Hoddis, whereas Scheerbart was apopular journalist whose work was scarcely conceded any literary impor- tance.Since the war Jakob Van Hoddis has been accepted as one of the"fathers" of Expressionism (how the curious little man would have ruedthis!) and the demands of a specialized class of readers have brought forthnew editions of all the ten volumes of Mombert and several volumes ofScheerbart.Alfred Mombert may be regarded in turn as a mystic, a pantheist, adisciple of Nietzsche, but in the end it is by his rhetoric that he compells.He is mystical somewhat after the fashion of the English poets of the earlySeventeenth Century, Donne, Herbert, and Vaughan, whom Dr. Johnsoncalled "metaphysical." The somewhat preposterous religious conceptionshe fumbled with permit him a similar extravagance of image and thought- dissociation. In his dramatic trilogy, Aeon, a vast "Aeon Mythos" is pom- pously sung; but the true feinschmecker of poetry will forgive him histedious epic of a mythical superman, for the fresh and surprising qualitiesof his lyrics. To comprehend Mombert's departures from the literature ofhis compatriots it must be remembered that nearly all the novelists of histime were enslaved, either to Flaubert or to Zola, and all the poets to eitherVerlaine or Mallarme.In rfDer Gliihende," (1897) we are far afield from Berlin-Westens. Hisdiction has no Gallicisms; it has rather the crude direct accent of old Germanfairy tales, which were certainly remarkable for their elaborate humor,naivete, brutality and worldly wisdom. The language is extremely simplein construction, but so idiomatic that Mombert can seldom be translatedadequately:Und vor den Leichensteinbaut man ein Bdnkleinfiir die scluvarze Familie.Friihmorgens um siebenaufziehen, die hinterblieben,die scluvarze FamilieDer Jung' versucht zu schwatzen,da kriegt erin die Fraizevon der schwarzen Familie.Die Tochter hebt die Rdcke auf,da kriegt sie einen Blick daraufvon der schwarzen Familie.Der Sohn steht auf, geht nebenbei . . .doch ist er gleich wieder dabei,bei der schwarzen Familie.Schleppt Wurscht herbei! schleppt Bier herbei!Eben schlug es zehnefiir die schwarze Familie.The sequence of the theme in this ballad is always very curious, onehunts in vain for causal relationship, and yet the rhythm prepares one for thejust violence of the end: "Schleppt Wurscht herbei! schleppt Bier herbei!"Another poem in the same vein tells of the poet being seized by fourhunters and placed against a wall of rock. They search him: "Hast eineKartoffel gestohlen, wirst erschossen!" They tear his clothes off."Und sie rissen mir den Rock vom Leib.Und sie rissen mir das Hemd vom Leib They find nothing, until they come upon his heart, which "so softly,softly, beats" and cry:"Hier sitzt die Kartoffel,die gestohlene Kartoffeir"Da wuchs ich riesengrop empor die Felswandund war ein ganzes blutgequaltes Volk."At times he rises to a mad aggression, he "becomes a giant toweringabove the wall of rock, a whole blood-choked people!" This note is rarelytouched in modern poetry, the menace of:Helft mir auf die Rednerbuhne!Stutzt! hebt!helft! eilt!Mein Herz glanzt überm MeerUThe following poem which chances to lend itself to translation is reallycharacteristic of the uralt savour of Mombert at his best:Tinkling! — Tambourines! I arise from nights of dark-draped rooms —At the window I lift the curtain.Glittering, shimmering, the sun . . .Below a bear dances.Two stout and healthy boys: green coats, red caps.Glittering, shimmering the sun . . .The curtain falls. I press the bell.Naked whores rush in."The boys die.The bear goes hungry.The sun gets slapped."Poetry in the hands of Paul Scheerbart, as well, breaks from themould into which it has been pressed by the nineteenth century and ap- proaches the primitive motives of art. Groping as these men do, living in andyet detached from their period, they at least follow the method of no"school," they are neither symbolist nor decadent. Their moments of bathosand bad taste are redeemed by the fresh and unexpected turns they take.Scheerbart is another "unconscious" type. Although rememberedchiefly for his fantastic prose tales, his poetry, insolent, vulgar and grotesque, seems more arresting. Within your urbane civilized German there is avein of cruel fantasy which Scheerbart exploits. Lack of restraint hurls himto an extreme departure from representative literature; his loud chantingon the wind instruments approaches the vivid slogans of American adver- tisements. Here is "Indian Song:"Murx den Europder!Murx ihn;Murx ihn! Murx ihn!Murx ihn ab!Other poems are less cryptic, although equally electrifying. "DerLachende Engel" is about "great white disks" which go soaring in heaven,with "blood-red nuts whirling upon them," and angels who go sprayingvitriol and crying "Very well! Very well!"Wie war's doch nur?Im Himmel schwebtenGrofie blanke Diskusscheiben —Auf denen drehten sich blutrote Niisse.Doch alles schlug ein boser Geist entzwei.Ein Engel lacht dazuUnd spritzt Vitriol.Jawohl! Jawohl!In certain of Scheerbart's poems one finds precisely the style of archaicsculpture. The subject sits with his arm in a very awkward gesture, whichis at once contrary to the laws of perspective, and mysteriously satisfying.Modern painting may have carried the gospel too far against "perspective"but we can still weep with joy at a perfect piece of distortion.Of Jakob Van Hoddis only one small book of verse is known, Welt- ende, containing some sixteen short poems. Van Hoddis was known beforethe war by certain of the writers who later formed the Expressionist group.He is supposed to have died in a madman's cell. But the case against in- sane artists has failed ingloriously, and great art is no more regarded as anevidence of insanity (witness Baudelaire and Poe) than insanity as ana priori postulation of great art.Van Hoddis writes with a boundless and monstrous imagination. Heis a heroic and isolated figure. He writes from great conviction and greatloneliness. From the traditional point of view, every line of his few knowTnpoems is hard and ringing. The play of ideas is more frequent in him,than in Scheerbart, he is more cerebral and more luxurious. The thoughtis projected sharply beyond the immediate word or situation. At theworld's end: Dem Burger fliegt vom spitzen Kopf der Hut,In alien Luften hallt es wie Geschrei.Dachdecker stiirzen ab und geKn entzweiUnd an den Kiisten -— liest man ■— steigt die Flut .. .Der Sturm ist da, die wilden Meere hupfenAn Land, um dicke Damme zu zerdriicken.Die meisten Menschen haben einen Schnupfen.Die Eisenbahnen fallen von den Briicken.ffThe burgher's hat flies from the tip of his head, cries resound in allthe air, roofs plunge down and go asunder . . . most people have colds;railroads fall from the bridges." And as the world rolls to its end, "Throughseven heavens the steam of tobacco and of poor sinners' fat rises in thickswaths."Die Wolken winden sich wie Leinentuch,lm Himmel spur' ich grafiliche Exzesse.Die Engel fiirchten sich vor Gottes Fluch,Und haben Zigaretten in der Fresse.Denn Luzifer ist heute eingeladenUnd geht mit einem sicherlich zu Bett.Durch sieben Himmel zieht in dicken SchwadenDampf von Tabak und Armesunder-Fett.Van Hoddis in his less sombre moments is master of a lighter vein,one of superb clownery:Der Mond ist meine TanteEr schmoddert durch die Nacht.Die Sonne meine Grofimama,Hat nie an mich gedacht.The influence of Van Hoddis has been far-reaching. First throughthe talented and ill-fated poet, Alfred Lichtenstein, (killed, Marne 1914) oneof the early Expressionists. Lichtenstein was a happy satirist who adoptedthe grotesque manners of his predecessors, with less success. August Stramm,another Expressionist, bears resemblance to Van Hoddis: his fantasy, andhis plays with words occasionally lift him out of the mob of Expressionists.Huelsenbeck who raised the banner of Dada for a brief day in Germanyhas disappeared; a brilliant and provocative young man, who preferred, afterdisplaying much indubitable talent, to emulate the vanishing act of Rimbaud.Arp sings his solitary varnished song in Switzerland, a poet withouta country, no longer Alsatian or French or German. Who will now leadthe dance through the Passage Panoptikum? COMMENT L. M. Astonishing similarities will be noticed between our reproductions ofwidely different origin—Indian designs and the work of George Grosz,madmen's productions and the delicate drawings of Paul Klee. The pri- mitive man and the refined propagandist, the imbecile and one of the finestsensibilities of our age — what can these personalities have in common?I asked an old Arabian carpet weaver in Gapa to draw some patternsfor me. He replied that although he had learned the figures from hisfather, he had long since forgotten them. However after some hesitationhis hand unconsciously traced the outlines of a bird, a fish and a camel.Our Indian drawing of a man sitting in his hammock is rathernaturalistic but the "artist" did not forget to draw a hole for the emptystomach inside the body. Thus does the pen of Grosz penetrate beneaththe skirts and blouses of cocottes and into the hearts of profiteers andsoldiers. The method of these two artists—whether learned from theirancestors, in school or in life—is the same: empiric and conceptional. Theiraim the imparting of knowledge and information to others.The excellent book of Dr. Prinzhorn, "Plastic Production of theInsane," enabled us to reproduce some drawings by madmen of theschizophreme group, whose minds are cut off from the outside world andare often split into several different personalities. Their drawings areskeletons which they clothe in the flesh of their imaginations, thus con- centrating them into what can he called a sort of order. Uncontrolled byand uninterested in the world's realities, the insane mind is guided onlyby the logic of paper and pencil or brush and colour. The two fundamentalmysteries — religion and love — form, for the most part, the inspirationof their drawings: and in them memories reappear as in the drawing ofthe Koroa-man.The mysticism of Paul Klee is evident in one of his latest workswhich Dr. Zahn calls "The Cosmic Picture Book." The egocentrism of the philosopher separates him from the world as definitely as the illusions ofthe insane, and the many sides and directions of his (literarily expressed)interests may form a parallel to the divided personality of the madman.But the intentions of Klee are aesthetic while the madman creates froma pathological necessity. Both are unconscious of the antagonism whichexists in the other examples. For the Indian's intention is informative likethat of the Arab, who wants to draw a bird, but who knows that this figuremust decorate a carpet. This struggle between the plastic and the infor- mative exists to some extent in all art productions, unconsciously in thecase of children, of primitive people or of the insane; consciously in thecase of intelligent artists like George Grosz, whose work is analyzed indetail, in another part of this issue.In the work of the mystic the diversity of empiric reality has noplace, and abstract elements build up peculiarly concrete beings, while thepositivist creates a new abstract unity out of all the elements of his know- ledge and experience. JANUARY PUBLICATIONSBLACK OXENBy GERTRUDE ATHERTOW-has its set-ting in fashionable and literary New Yorkof today, with amazing flash-backs to th&amp;Manhattan of thirty odd years ago. In her "sophisticates" the individual members ofsome of the most interesting groups in our contemporary life are easily recognizable,and some of their favorite rendezvous are amusingly described.It is the story of a woman born into one of the older New York families, who has livedthe greater part of her life in the diplomatic circles of Europe, and the brilliant LeeClavering, columnist and dramatist. The conflict in the souls of these two intenselyinteresting characters is an amazing psychological study. With Freudian insight andpenetrating truth Mrs. Atherton reveals us to ourselves. ($2.00)S4IOME OF THE TENEMENTSBy &amp;N2EA YEZIERSKA-—author of Hungry Hearts, is the story of an Eastside girldriven by a deathless passion for beauty to burn through the barriers of race, class, andcreed. Sonya Vrunsky, the Salome of the New York Tenements, flashes into the lives oftwo men, Manning, a millionaire philanthropist, and Hellins, Betfu Brum me 11 of FifthAvenue. In the marriage of Sonya to Manning one sees the Oriental and the Anglo-Saxon trying to find a common language, (and this is the theme of the novel) the over-emotional ghetto struggling for its breath in the thin air of Puritan restraint. ($2.00)JPt m wmma a By WARNER FABIAN -WarnerIf 1 fvl m fftli*! If iMJ§ ff Fabian, which is the nom de plumem wt mm m 9 Mm m of one of the most important andserious-minded novelists in America, sees in youth of today a number of new problems,from which he draws some amazing conclusions, entirely different from those that havebeeri furnished by our younger generation writing about the younger generation. Hewonders if youth is not merely a product of its environment, if youth alone, is to blamefor all the elemental stimulus it finds in jazz and parties in and out of season.You will find that youth takes pretty good care of itself in Pat, the most sophisticated,and yet at the same time, the most deliciously lovely and innocent of all heroines. Onewonders after reading this swift moving and daring novel, what sin is, and what itmeant by 44the wages of sin." ($2.00)THE ETERNU MASPUERADEBy H. DENNIS BRADLEY—is a pungent, individualistic criticism of human life, andhuman problems; a history of clothes, yes, but also an intimate history of those whowear them. ($2.00)The London Times says,"Every woman should read this gay review of modes, mate*rials, and morals."Thb London Daily News says, "A good many people will be shooked at itf It isimpudent, but it is very clever."HAVE YOU AN EDUGVIH) HEART?By GELETT BURGESS Gelett Burgess has a way o( being continually quoted. Heis a coiner of words that remain in use, such as "goop," "bromide," and "blurb," butonly because behind each ol them is a real idea.VOU AN EDUCATED HEART defines and illustrates kindness. It is awhimsical treatise not upon morals, but uponcourtesy, which is super-kindness-a decorative DON! fipLIVERIGUT iSlmvirtue. Are you a pretender to friendship, or EbUbihtfa&amp;gT t NEW YOBK &gt;'have you an educated heart?" ($1.00) pushers * NEW YORK* 108 West 40th Street 7b o o fit s of International Interest ' BabbittBy Sinclair LewisAut6or of "Main Street""Babbitt is one of the greatest novelsI have read for a long time." — //. G.Wetfs."He has made his Babbitt own brotherto our Mr. Polly, Uncle Ponderovo, Denryof the FiveTowns,and the Forsythe family."Hugh Wafpofe.sth. large printing, $ 2.00The Reign OfThe Evil OneBy C. F. RamuzTrans fated By James WfiitalT.With an Introduction By ErnestBoyd.A story of a little mountain village, of thepeasants at their work, and the conflictbetween good and evil fought out in theirsouls. $ 2.00Guilty SoulsBy Robert NicholsAuthor of"Ardours and Endurances"A play by a young English poet that hasaroused the admiration of the British publicand critics. With a Shavian preface of70 pages. $ 1.75 zqc goose MaxThy Jacob IDassermannAutßor of "TBe Worfd's Iffusion ""The Goose Man" is the second of Jacob Wassermann'snovels to be presented to the English reading public. ManyContinental critics consider it his greatest work.Into the solid texture of this immense novel he has wovenscores of human lives and dramatic situations—the materialfor a dozen ordinary novels."The stage which Wassermann sets before us has all thequality of a Rembrandt painting/ its golden shadows/ itsincisive draughtsmanship, its superbly marshalled mass ofindividuals/ each faithfully rendered, each built up fromwithin through relentless psychological insight. The novelstands four-square, firmly integrated in experiences pictureand an interpretation of life. For sheer artistic power, aswell as for philosophic significance. 'The Goose Man' isamong the most vital and important contemporary novels."Internationaf 8006 Review."It recalls the personal records of Beethoven, Berliozand Wagner. It represents the Austrian Master's reactionto a world brayed in the mortar of the great war."New Repußfic."A world of intolerable beauty."—N. Y. Trißune.900SC 07CCL7C—U77 Pages—# 2.50Offered, luitk a year's subscriptionto TbfeOOTtl for $ 5.50 Since CezanneBy Cfive BellA series of brilliant essays on modernvisual art."Mr. Bell shines in the highest aestheticline of current criticism and commands ararely cultured knowledge of exotic con*temporary painters." — At [antic Mont My.3rd. American Edition, $ 2.50AmericanPoetry—1922A MiscellanyThe hitherto unpublished poems of RobertFrost, Carl Sandburg, Amy Lowell, VachelLindsay, Edna St. Vincent Millay, ConradAiken, Sara Teasdale, Louis Untermeyerand others."Contains some of the finest poetry everwritten by Americans." — N. zT. Trißune.$ 1.75RootabagaSTORIESBy Carl SandburgCarl Sandburg invents an American folklore to the delight of everyone who is orwho has remained young."Sublime nonsense, which can carrywit and sarcasm with it and which canclimb to the heights of splendid poetry.America keeping abreast of Swift and Gul-liver." N. Y. Times.1 (fastrated By tße Petersßams. $ 2.00 &gt; HARCOURT, BRACE and Company • 1 West 47th. St., NEW YORK LAY WRITINGA professional Course in Playwriting is offered under the personalsupervision of Theodore Ballou Hinckley, editor of "The Drama/'assisted by famous playwrights, critics, actors and producersIndividual Instruction and CriticismTHE DRAMA'S course in play writing teaches indetail the technique of the professional play, you willbe taken step by step through study courses, books,and practice plays, from the simplest rudiments to theactual completion of plays, your work will receivethe individual attention of Mr. Hinckley. His criticismswill be directed toward your specific needs. He willdissect your plot, your characters, and your dialogue,and give you definite, constructive criticism and help.Producers Will Read Your PlaysThroughout the entire course, the aim is toward thecompletion of plays for professional production andnot toward mere amateurish effort, your plays willbe analyzed by Mr. Hinckley with the idea of pro-duction in mind, and plays of real merit will be broughtto the attention of producers. If your manuscript hasthe endorsement of THE DRAMA it will receive areading by managers.Good Plays Earn Big RoyaltiesMany successful plays have made their authors rich.LigbtninThe Bat, The Lion and the Mouse, andmany others have earned thousands of dollars. Theincome from The Bat is said to have been more than$ 6,000 a week. If you have ideas and imagination,you willfind the practical dramatic technique and honest and com-petent criticism of this course of inestimable value to you.you will be taught how the public taste in playschanges, as to subject matter and its development.Because of his long and close connection with pro-fessional drama, Mr. Hinckley knows the changingdemands of the managers and the public.Limited EnrollmentSince the work is so carefully personalized, theenrollment is limited to people of real promise. Anenrollment examination will be sent upon request,- uponthis will be based our decision as to your eligibility.Fill out the coupon and mail it for complete information. Department of Instruction, THE DRAMA CORPORATION, 528 Athenaeum Bldg., Chicago.Please send information regarding your personalized course in play-writing.Name City Street . , State ~ World's Famous BooksClassics of Fiction, Drama, History, Biography, Philosophy, Science, Poetry andHumor Now Produced in Pocket Size—Improve Your Mind by Reading in OddMoments—Easy to Carry—Order by mail—Size of Books 372x5 inches—BooksPrinted Uniformly—Bound Neatly in Card-Cover Stock—Take Your Pick of 300Great Titles at 10c—Quick Service Guaranteed.ONLY10cEACHThe ChicagoDaily News ofSept. 13, saysthat Girard,Kans., has be- come the liter- ary ' 'the U,7italofA1Y/tE. Haldeman-Julius, Editor Pocket SeriesThe amazing thing about our new process in printing isihe fact that it makes possible the production of 300 master-pieces of literature—not extracts, but complete—at the sur-prisingly low price of 10 c each.By using compact, yet readable type, and good thinpaper it has been possible to print the complete and originaltext in every case in a thin volume which easily slips intothe pocket. Many readers have become so enthused that theymake a practice of slipping four or five of these booksinto a pocket before starting the day's work. They do notbulge the pocket and are not noticeable, yet are alwaysavailable.This new process In publishing now makes itpossible for men and women who are lovers of thebest literature to become well read in time formerlywasted. Many people carry some of these bookswith them constantly.Over 20,000,000 of these unique books havebeen sold during the past three years, indicatingthe popularity of the idea. The library was startedwith the thought of putting the best literature withinreach of the masses.We have spared ourselves no pains in the effortto produce books that meet every requirement.Excellent printing and binding make them veryattractive in appearance."LITERATURE'SIMPRESARIO"An editorial in The St. LouisPost-Dispatch, of September 6, 1922,has the following to say about E.Haldeman-Julius, editor of the PocketSeries;Haldeman-Julius is an Invalu-able citizen. He is doing acultural work of the first mag-nitude. He is a great businessman and one of the country'sgreatest educators. He is litera-ture's impresario. He is theAmerican Northcliffe, with theimmeasurable distinction thatwhile the Englishman wasprimarily a peddler of lities, Haldeman-Julius Is asalesman of the verities. Ofthe Girard publishing housethe Bard of Avon himselfwould say: "There's nothingill can dwell in such a temple." ORDER BYNUMBERDrama295 The Master Builder.Ibsen.90 The Mikado. W. S.Gilbert.316 Prometheus Bound.Aeschylus.308 She Stoops to Conquer.Oliver Goldsmith.134 The Misanthrope.Moliere.16 Ghosts. Henrik Ibsen.80 Pillars of Society. Ibsen.46 Salome. O. Wilde.54 Importance of BeingEarnest. O. Wilde.8 Lady Windermere's Fan.Oscar Wilde.131 Redemption. Tolstoi.99 Tartuffe. Moliere.31 Pelleas and Melisande.Maeterlinck.226 Prof. Bernhardt.Schnitzler.Shakespeare's Plays240 The Tempest.241 Merry Wives of Windsor.242 As You Like It.243 Twelfth Night.244 Much Ado About Nothing.245 Measure for Measure.246 Hamlet.247 Macbeth.248 King Henry V.249 Julius Caesar.250 Romeo and Juliet.251 Midsummer Night'sDream.252 Othello, The Moor ofVenice.253 King Henry VIII.254 Taming of the Shrew.255 King Lear.256 Venus and Adonis257 King Henry IV. Part. I.258 King Henry IV. Part. 11.259 King Henry VI. Part. I.Take Your Pick at Only 10c a Book260 King Henry VI. Part. 11.261 King Henry VI. Part. 111.262 Comedy of Errors.263 King John.264 King Richard 111.265 King Richard 11.267 Pericles.268 Merchant of Venice.Fiction280 The Happy Prince andOther Tales. Wilde.143 In the Time of theTerror. Balzac.182 Daisy Miller. Henry James.162 The Murders in The RueMorgue. Edgar Allan Poe.345 Clarimonde. Gautier.292 Mademoiselle Flfl.De Maupassant.199 The Tallow Ball.De Maupassant.6 De Maupassant's Stories.15 Balzac's Stories.344 Don Juan and OtherStories. Balzac.318 Christ in Flanders andOther Stories. Balzac.230 The Fleece of Gold.Theophile Gautier.178 One of Cleopatra'sNights. Gautier.314 Short Stories. Daudet.58 Boccaccio's Stories.45 Tolstoi's Short Stories.12 Poe's Tales of Mystery.290 The Gold Bug.Edgar Allan Poe.145 Great Ghost Stories.21 Carmen. Merimee.23 Great Stories of the Sea.319 Comtesse de Saint-Gerane. Dumas.38 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.Stevenson.279 Will o' the Mill; Mark-helm. Stevenson.311 A Lodging for theNight. Stevenson.27 Last Days of a Con-demned Man. Hugo.151 Man Who Would BeKing. Kipling.148 Strength of the Strong.London.41 Christmas Carol.Dickens.57 Rip Van Winkle.100 Red Laugh. Andreyev.105 Seven That WereHanged. Andreyev.102 Sherlock Holmes Tales.161 Country of the Blind.H. G. Wells.85 Attack on the Mill. Zola.156 Andersen's Fairy Tale.158 Alice in Wonderland.37 Dream of John Ball.William Morris.40 House and the Brain.Bulwer Lytton.72 Color of Life. E. Halde-man-Julius.198 Majesty of Justice.Anatole France.215 The Miraculous RevengeBernard Shaw.24 The Kiss and OtherStories. Chekhov.285 Euphorlan in Texas.George Moore.219 The Human Tragedy.Anatole France.1% The Marquise. GeorgeSand.239 Twenty-Six Men and aGirl. Gorki.29 Dreams. Olivei Schrelner.232 The Three StrangersThomas Hardy.277 The Man Without aCountry. F. E. Hale.History, Biography312 Life and Works ofLaurence Sterne. Gunn.328 Addison and HisTimes. Finger.324 Life of Lincoln. Bowers.323 The Life of Joan of Arc.339 Thoreau—the Man WhoEscaped From theHerd. Finger.126 History of Rome.A, F. Giles.128 Julius Caesar: Who He Was.185 History of Printing.149 Historic Crimes andCriminals. Finger.175 Science of History.Froude.104 Battle of Waterloo.Victor Hugo.25 Voltaire. Victor Hugo.125 War Speeches of Wood-row Wilson.22 Tolstoi: His Life andWorks.142 Bismarck and the Ger-man Empire.286 When the Puritans.Were in Power.343 Life of Columbus.66 Crimes of the Borgias.Dumas.287 Whistler: The Man andHis Work.51 Bruno: His Life andMartyrdom.147 Cromwell and His Time.236 State and Heart Affairsof Henry VIII.50 Palne's Common Sense.88 Vindication of Paine.33 Brann: Smasher ofShams.163 Sex Life in Greece andRome.214 Speeches of Lincoln.276 Speeches and Letters ofGeo. Washington.223 Essay on Swinburne.144 Was Poe Immoral?Whitman.227 Keats. The Man and HisWork.150 Lost Civilizations.Finger.ORDER BYNUMBER170 Constantine and theBeginnings of Christianity,201 Satan and the Saints.67 Church History. H. M.Tichenor.169 Voices From the Past.266 Life of Shakespeare andAnalysis of His Plays.123 Life of Madame DuBarry.139 Life of Dante.69 Life of Mary, Queen ofScots. Dumas.5 Life of Samuel Johnson.Macaulay.174 Trial of Wm. Penn.Humor291 Jumping Frog and OtherHumorous Tales.Mark Twain.193 Wit and Wisdom ofCharles Lamb.18 Idle Thoughts of an IdleFellow. Jerome.166 English as She Is SpokeMark Twain.231 Eight HumorousSketches. Mark Twain.205 Artemus Ward. HisBook.187 Whistler's Humor.216 Wit of Heinridi Heine.Geo. Eliot.20 Let's Laugh. Nasby.Literature278 Friendship and OtherEssays. Thoreau.195 Thoughts on Nature.Thoreau.194 Lord Chesterfield'sLetters.48 Bacon's Essays.63 A Defense of Poetry.Shelley.97 Love Letters of KingHenry VIII.Haldeman-Julius Company, Dept. S-20, Girard, Kans. ORDER BYNUMBERTake Yourat Only 10c a Book(Continued from last page.)Philosophy, Religion89 Love Letters of Men andWomen of Genius.186 How I Wrote "TheRaven." Poe.87 Love, an Essay.Montaigne.60 Emerson's Essays.84 Love Letters of aPortuguese Nun.26 On Going to Church.G. B Shaw.135 Socialism for Million-aires. G. 5. Shaw.61 Tolstoi's Essays.176 Four Essays. HavelockEllis.160 Lecture on Shakespeare.Ingersoll.75 Choice of BooksCarlyle.288 Essays on Chesterfieldand Rabelais.Sainte-Beuve.76 The Prince of Peace.W. J. Bryan.86 On Reading. Brandes.95 Confessions of AnOpium Eater.213 Lecture on LincolnIngersoll.177 Subjection of Women.John Stuart Mill.17 On Walking. Thoreau.70 Charles Lamb's Essays.235 Essays. Gilbert K.Chesterton.7 A Liberal Education.Thomas Huxley.233 Thoughts on Literatureand Art. Goethe.225 Condescension In For-eigners. Lowell.221 Women, and OtherEssays. Maeterlinck.10 Shelley. FrancisThompson.289 Pepys' Diary.299 Prose Nature Notes.Walt Whitman.315 Pen, Pencil and Poison.Oscar Wilde.313 The Decay of Lying.Oscar Wilde.36 Soul of Man UnderSocialism. O. Wilde.293 Francois Villon: Student.Poet and Housebreaker.Stevenson.Maxims, Epigrams77 What Great Men HaveHave said About Women.304 What Great WomenHave 3ald About Men.179 Gems from Emerson.310 The Wisdom ofThadteray.56 Wisdom of Ingersoll.106 Aphorisms. Geo. Sand.168 Epigrams. O. Wilde.59 Epigrams of Wit andWisdom.35 Maxims. Rochefoucauld.154 Epigrams of Ibsen.197 Witticisms and Reflections.De Sevigne.180 Epigrams of GeorgeBernard Shaw.155 Maxims. Napoleon.181 Epigrams. Thoreau.228 Aphorisms. Huxley.113 Proverbs of England.114 Proverbs of France.115 Proverbs of Japan.116 Proverbs of China.117 Proverbs of Italy.118 Proverbs of Russia.119 Proverbs of Ireland.120 Proverbs of Spain.121 Proverbs of Arabia.159 A Guide to Plato.Durant.347 A Guide to Stoicism. St.George Stock.322 The Buddhist Philosophyof Life.124 Theory of ReincarnationExplained.157 Plato's Republic.62 Schopenhauer's Essays.94 Trial and Death ofSocrates.65 Meditations of MarcusAurelius.64 Rudolf Eucken: His Lifeand Philosophy.101 Thoughts of Pascal.4 Age of Reason.Thomas Paine.55 Herbert Spencer: HisLife and Works.44 Aesop's Fables.165 Discovery of the FutureH. G. Wells.% Dialogues of Plato.325 Essence of Buddhism.103 Pocket Theology.Voltaire.132 Foundations of Religion.138 Studies in Pessimism.Schopenhauer.211 Idea of God In Nature.John Stuart Mill.212 Life and Character.Goethe.200 Ignorant Philosopher.Voltaire.210 The Stoic Philosophy.Prof. G. Murray.224 God: Known and Un-known. Butler.19 Nietzsche: Who He Wasand What He stood For.204 Sun Worship and LaterBeliefs.&gt;L»andLft• V*This handsome book covermade of genuine grain sealleather is Intended to slip overany of the books In the PocketSeries, preventing soiling andtearing of the covers. We sellthese specially made covers atcost-50 cents each. The lea-ther covers are unlettered,which, together with the qualityof the material, gives it aquaint dignity. Simply add 50cents to your remittance andsay you want a leather cover.Otte cover will be sufficientfor all the books you order.207 Olympian Gods. H. M.Tldienor.184 Primitive Beliefs.153 Chinese Philosophy ofLife.30 What Life Means to Me.Jack London.Poetry317 L'Allegro and OtherPoems. Milton.282 Rime of the AncientMariner. Coleridge.152 The Kasidah. SirRichard F. Burton.329 Dante's Inferno. Vol. 1.330 Dante's Inferno. Vol. 2.297 Poems. Robt. Southey,3% A Shropshire Lad.Housman.284 Poems of Robt. Burns.1 Rubayiat of OmarKhayyam.73 Walt Whitman's Poems.2 Wilde's Ballad of Read-ing Jail.32 Poe's Poems.164 Michael Angelo'sSonnets.71 Poems of Evolution.146 Snow-Bound. PiedPiper.9 Great English Poems.79 Enoch Arden.68 Shakespeare's Sonnets.281 Lays of Ancient RomeMacaulay.173 Vision of Sir Launfal.222 The Vampire and OtherPoems.Science327 The Ice Age. CharlesJ. Finger.321 A History of Evolution.Fenton.217 The Puzzle of Personal-ity; a Study in Psycho-Analysis. Fielding.190 Psycho-Analysis—TheKey to Human Be-havior. Fielding.140 Biology and SpiritualPhilosophy.SPECIAL BARGAINWe have an amazing proposition for those whoorder full sets of 300 volumes. At 10 c per copy thisset is worth $30—our special price only $16.90, whichis less than 6c per volume. To have this entire set isto have a University in Print. Entire Library—everybook listed in this advertisement—-300 volumes—worth$30, at bargain price of only $16.90. Act today. Fullsets are carefully gathered and packed in substantialcases. If you want less than a full set take your pickof the titles at 10 c per volume, ordering by number.FULL SET—3OO VOLUMES—WORTH $ 30—ONLY$ 16.90.NOTE: The Haldeman-Julius Company, !n addition to publishing theTen Cent Pocket Series also issues a monthly magazine, which is called Lifeand Letters. Life and Letters will do in the magazine world what the TenCent Pocket Series has done in the book world. It will open the door to cul-ture. This large, well printed literary magazine costs only 50 cents per year—12 big issues for only 50 cents—a rare bargain. If you are tired of payingexcessive prices for your magazines then be sure to subscribe for Life and Let-ters. Merely add 50 cents to your remittance for books and say you want Lifeand Letters. In Canada and other foreign countries the subscription price is $1.00ORDER BYNUMBER275 The Building of theEarth. C L. Fenton.49 Three Lectures onEvolution. Haeckel.42 From Monkey to Man.238 Reflections on ModernScience. Huxley.202 Survival of the Fittest.H. M. Tichenor.191 Evolution vs. Religion.Balmforth.133 Electricity Explained.92 Hypnotism Made Plain.53 Insects and Men:Instinct and Reason.189 Eugenics. Havelock Ellis.Series of Debates.130 Controversy on Chris-tianity. ingersoll andGladstone.43 Marriage and Divorce.Horace Greeley andRobert Owen.208 Debate on Blrih Control.Mrs. Sanger and WinterRussell.II Debate on Religion.39 Did Jesus Ever Live?129 Rome or Reason. Inger-soll and Manning.122 Spiritualism. ConanDoyle and McCabe.171 Has Life Any Meaning?Frank Harris andPercy Ward.206 Capitalism vs. Socialism.Sellgman and Nearing.13 Is Free Will a Fact ora Fallacy?234 McNeal-Slnclalr Debateon Socialism.141 Would Practice ofChrist's TeachingsMake for SocialProgress ?Nearing and Ward.Miscellaneous326 Hints on Writing ShortStories. Finger.192 Book of Synonyms.25 Rhyming Dictionary.78 How to Be an Orator.82 Common Faults in Writ-ing English.127 What Expectant Moth-ers Should Know.81 Care of the Baby.136 Child Training.137 Home Nursing.14 What Every Girl SouldKnow. Mrs. Sanger.34 Case for Birlh Control.91 Manhood: Facts of LifePresented to Men.83 Marriage: Past, Presentand Future. Besant.74 On Threshold of Sex.98 How to Love.172 Evolution of Love.Ellen Key203 Rights of Women.Havelock Ellis.209 Aspects of Birth Con-trol. Medical, Moral.Sociological.93 How to Live 100 Years.167 Plutarch's Rules ofHealth.320 The Prince.Machiavelli. HOW TO ORDER-—Each book is preceded by a number,and readers will please order by number instead of titles. Forinstance, if you want "Carmen" simply set down "21List thenumbers of the books you want and write your name and ad-dress plainly at the bottom of the sheet. The books will bemailed immediately by parcel post. Send your order and check, draft, money order or registered letter today. If you order 20books send $2—if 50 send $5, and so on. Postage prepaid oncash orders. Add 10 cto personal check for exchange. Orderswill be sent C. O. D. if requested, but carriage charges are col-lect on C. O. D. orders. No C. O. D. orders to Canada orother foreign countries. Maldeman-Juhus Company, Dept. S-20, Girard, Kans. THERE IS GUILLAUME APOLLINAIREBeyond question the most arresting personality among European men of letters of our time.Writers have declared him to be France's greatest war poet, in fact, the only greatpoet who emerged during the War. But the man's sway spread through the wholecontinent as poet, novelist, art-critic, and leader of divers revolutions and bucca-neering expeditions in painting and literature. For the younger writers of EuropeApollinaire's Afcoofs, and CaCigrammes are solitary achievements in poetry,- his proseworks, Le Poete Assassins', Heresiarque et Cie., astonish and contradict and terrify.Four years have passed since the death of Apollinaire from wounds received in the Great Warand none of his writings have yet been presented to the American public.THE POET ASSASSINATEDby Guillaume Apollinaire,translated by Matthew Josephson, begins in the issue of March 1923 and marks the introductionof Apollinaire to the English reading public. The Editors of BROOM believe thatthis brilliant and exhilarating novel will command as wide attention as did Pirandello'sSix Characters in Search of an Author, and Lautreamont's Mafdoror, published inBROOM last year.And of Photography — is it to be the "plastic art" of the future? In the March Number therewill be reproduced a group of photographs by the American, Man Ray, and a groupof "light studies" by the Hungarian, Moholy Nagy. An ever widening class of peopleis coming to forsake painting for photography. Whether they be right or no, the ex-periments of these two cratfsmen whose work is displayed in the March BROOMare milestones in the progress of this new art.IN THE MARCH BROOMIN THE MARCH BROOM POETRY: CL DKagazinc of VerseCditcd. by @a.r r ie t DIC onr o eCuen Lf you don't Cike poetry, get a copy of Poetryi CL of Verse and see why. Poetrypresents from month to month the best poetry being written in English. Our contributors write from all overthe globe.Cuen if you don't tike uers Cibre, the best of it is published in Poetry. Poetry is the indicator of theintellectual ardors of our day.Cuen If tfoe oCd estabCLsfyed forms bore youthey still bear forth beauty. Poetry cares only for theexpression of beauty: the form is incidental to the grasping of the eternal second and its significance in themood of the poet.The January number is the fourth issue of Poetry's eleventh year. No other magazine of poetry has en«dured so long, introduced so many now famous poets to their audiences, nor kept so consistently to the aim of"poetry, not names/' The proof is in the reading. The publishers of BROOM and POETRy make you thefollowing special offer: BROOM and POETRy for one year for $ 6.50. Take advantage of this exceptionalopportunity while it is possible to do so.POETRy": CL Magazine of Verse, 232 East Erie Street, Chicago, U.S.A.Enclosed find $ 3.00 &lt;Canada, $ 3.15/ foreign, $ 3.25) for one year's subscription to POETRy.Beginning: Name: Address: WE ARE BACKING THE POETS » ARE yOU BACKING US? AMERICA AND "ABROAD"THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW for one hundred and eight years hasyielded precedence to no other periodical in constant devotion to the interests of thisRepublic; preferring America before the World and serving as an exponent of Americato the World. Yet never once has it shared or approved the cynical demand of a one-time Senator of the United States, "What do we care for 'Abroad'?" On the contrary,it has ever cared much for "Abroad," both for the sake of America, that we may pro-fitably share in the wealth of thought and the contributions to human progress whichother nations have to offer, and for the sake of mankind, that this country may play itspart as a nation nations.The manrworld-wide inteiin international ;ture, art and etlin the near futuThe ProblChateaubriThe HearGovernmeiThe CaseProgress TTwo WallThe CaseFrom FreeUnity in IThe ResuiMarie AnlSunday MPaying forThe VarieIn order tquainted with TEX LIBRISft.$I3%%SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANYPARISVIEW is thus servingvital and timely topicsid economics, in litera-tes scheduled to appearn Miles, U. S. A.. W. P. Cresson. Augustus RalliErnest R. Grovesrentiss B. Gilbert/lary W. Williams. . . Stark Youngrs. Travers SmithHodman Rumballrof. E. P. WarnerPhilip S. Moxom. . . E. S. RoscoeBrooks Atkinson. . Gorton JamesFrank A. Waughbecome intimately ac-thisSPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFERAny reader of Broom who sends $2.00 ($2.18 in Canada, or $2.48 if in aforeign country) will receive seven issues of The North American Review for the priceof six. When ordering please use coupon below.mmimimmniiiiimiimiimimmmumiiimiiiiiimnmimmmmiiiiimimimiiiiiiiiiimmimimmiiiiim mum iiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiuouoNThe North American Review9 East 37 th St., New York City.Gentlemen: For the enclosed $ 2.00 ($ 2.18 Canadian,can Review for seven months to th% following address:2.48 foreign) please send The North Ameri-NameAddress