Bruno's Weekly 1 9 September 13th, MCMXV naaq_1915-09-13_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 9 TINY TOES Eugene Field cre 1 Opening Night in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 1-2 \XfHEN I was younger there was nothing for me but a Michael Monahan cre 2 The Evening Performances 3 Parrots' Tongues D. Molby cre 3 Disc Concerts on the Square 4 Children's Hours 4 Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village Illustration 5 The Singer Anna Wickham cre 5 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 5 The Finishing Touches 6 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 6-7 Pantaloons by Clara Tice Illustration 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 9 SEPTEMBER 13th, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 19/5 by Quido t'Bruno KRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno, at58 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly. TINY TOES Eugene Field QH, where is little Tiny Toes?That elf with such a roguish nose,Where is he with his golden hair,As yellow as the sunbeams rare?Nurse says he isn't anywhere.Has no one seen sweet Tiny Toes?He totters, precious, as he goes!He wears the cutest baby clothes!And now he isn't anywhere!Did angels steal him unaware?He's gone, alas, is Tiny Toes,Where, where alas nobody knows!Ah, cruelest this of all the woes!What's that? The rogue! His golden hairEyes, nose, and all behind my chair?Sly rogue was hiding, smiling there! Opening Night in Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre "Q REENWICH VILLAGE" is the name of the comedy withmusic which will open Charles Edison's Little ThimbleTheatre on the 7th of October, as a playhouse. It is a play ofGreenwich Village, of that Greenwich Village which has no geo- graphical boundaries, which makes itself felt to everybody, nomatter what his standing in life is, no matter be he young orold—not the Greenwich Village of news columns, of magazinearticles, not the replica of a false Bohemia.In this play are all fundamental elements of Greenwich Vil- lage : there are the representatives of the aristocratic northside of the Square and of lower Fifth Avenue, with their nar- row eonception of life but also with their constructive powerwhich lies in their conservativeness. There is the grand- daughter of this severe generation whose parents helped tomake Greenwich Village into a part of the city of New York.She has come back from college. She has read books, shehas attended lectures, she has seen just a wee bit of life—justenough to make her realize the difference between rich andpoor. She comes back to the old mansion on the Square, afteryears of absence. She doesn't know anything about the associ- ations that Greenwich Village exchanges in the mind of the metropolitan newspaper reader. But those old houses and thearchitecture of the first decades of the last century, and theSquare, with its melancholy quietness, the zig-zag of streetsall around it, "get her." She feels that old and ever new lure.She knows instinctively that there must be more in life thanjust figures and society and the same things over and overagain. She craves for romance. She knows her O. Henry;the "Bagdad on the Subway," with its "Haroun-al-Raschid"nights is hers just for the taking. And so she walks out intolife And then there is the studio, on the south side of the Square,and the man who lives in it, and his friends. He is the realGreenwich Village dweller. He will remain so, no matter wherehe lives. Every place under the sun means to him a QuartierLatin, or a Greenwich Village in Paris or New York. He carrieseverywhere his own atmosphere. He is a painter or he is a writeror he is a sculptor. Life means to him his art. Everything else issecondary. He can be compared only to the business man who isabove the class of wage-earners, who is doing big things inthe industrial or manufacturing field—not because of the money,but because he loves the game, because he wants to create, be- cause he is master of his own life, and therefore an equal ofeverybody else who knows what he wants in the world, andsuperior to those who have not found themselves as yet. Heis one of the many thousands that our village lodges. It ishe who "creates atmosphere." And then, there are the otherelements, the sons of rich parents, who are sowing wild oatsand mistake their desire to drink life to the full for artisticinclination. There are women who desire to make the worldbetter after realizing that they have tried in vain to bettertheir own lives. And above all hovers that happy element ofyouth, of ambition, and of the desire to do something, to besomebody, to live It isn't a complicated play which tries to solve some problem.These people on the stage don't take themselves and their livesmore seriously than the originals do around the corner, on theSquare. They want to be happy. They want to make theirlives as full as possible. They want beauty, and above all, a lotof fun."Greenwich Village," as it will be presented to the audienceof Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, is a lot of funfrom start to finish. There is the fun in the mansion on thenorth side of the Square, and the fun in the attic on the southside, and the fun in the bachelor apartment in one of thosenewly-rich-occupied dwellings coming up like mushrooms be- tween the old mansions in the village. And what they can'texpress in words—and there are so many things that reallycan be felt only—the music will convey.Incidentally, music and play are written in Greenwich Village,but come and see and hear, yourselves. Michael Monahan. \XfHEN I was younger there was nothing for me but awoman between the heavens and the earth. Now 1 perceivethere are a few other things. Yet I am not old, as age is counted. The Evening Performances NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that masons, carpenters,upholsterers and artists were at work to transform No.10 Fifth Avenue, one of the oldest Greenwich Village mansions,into the smallest showhouse of New York, and the openingperformance of "Greenwich Village," a comedy in three acts,is set for Thursday, the 7th of October, concerts are being heldevery evening with the exception of Sunday. Thursday, Fri- day and Saturday a rare selection of music and song wasoffered and a merry little pantomime, a Greenwich Villagecreation, with six girls, the chief part in the hands of MarjorieTucker, who is known to every one of the 6,800 children inGreenwich Village as the merriest and j oiliest of the volunteersocial workers of the settlement house in Greenwich Village.Miss Belle Menard, composer of many children's songs,played for the first time before a New York audience. Sheplayed her two latest songs, "Washington Square," a serenade,and "Ave Maria," sung by Beatrice Zacharie, a young Americansinger, who had to interrupt her studies for Grand Opera,in Paris, on account of the war, and is preparing herself inher native country for her chosen career. Miss Zacharie sanga selection from her operatic repertoire: "The Cavatine Leila,"from Les Pecheurs de Perles, by Bizet, and "Hai Luli," by Co- quard. She was accompanied by Conal Quirke—also a refugeefrom Europe. Mr. Quirke, who is in the morning of an Ameri- can career, is a solo violinist and pianist, appearing for thefirst time before an American public. His program consistedof "A Romance in G Flat," by Schumann, of Chopin's "Noc- turne in F" and "Fantastie La Truite," by Schubert-Heller."Peace of the Nations" was the name of the musical pan- tomime which concluded the program. Five girl dancers—future prima donnas, is the hope—were the chief actors in thisskit.A Diamond Disc selection was a feature of the program. Parrots' Tongues By D. Molby A. PARROT can learn to talk, but it is of no use to him be- cause he never knows what he is saying. He hears peopletalk and gets the idea in his head that he can do it, too. The onlyreasonable ground he can have for thinking so is to realizethat he is like people. But he can see that he isn't. Thoughhe has no conception of what his face looks like, he does knowabout his feet and should realize from the first that he isdifferent.He doesn't know where to place his tongue or when to movehis chin, yet he makes a pretty fair success at talking. Andfor anybody to explain the proper method to him would prob- ably only muddle him up. All he has to do is to listen care- fully/ and he can judge from the sound of a word how it is tobe spoken. He doesn't even have to watch the person's lips.It is a splendid accomplishment and brings some satisfactionto the parrot, because he can see that people think he is a smartbird. But he soon runs out of anything to say and they findout that he isn't so smart after all. Disc Concerts on the Square crowds are being attracted every Tuesday and Fri- day evening on the Square, and the Diamond Disc con- certs are a welcome and established institution for that popula- tion of Greenwich Village which is accustomed to spend itsevenings in the Park. The arrangement of the music playedon these evenings is in accordance with the plan of Mr. CharlesEdison to not only contribute to the amusement of the popu- lation of Greenwich Village, but also to give them a selectionof the best music of the master-composers of the world.The introduction of American music not very largely knownis here, as in all his other activities, Mr. Edison's guiding fea- ture. A selection of Hawaiian music was entirely new to mostof the listeners on last Friday evening. A selection of Ameri- can marches will be the program for Tuesday evening. Children's Hours W ELL-KNOWN is it to the children of the neighborhoodthat there is a Children's Hour on the Square, on Wed- nesday and Saturday afternoons. Small tots who can hardlywalk and quite grown-ups whom one would hesitate to callchildren are regular habitues of this merry hour on the Square,and it is not impossible that the Children's Hour will be con- tinued, not only during the Autumn days, but also in winter.Marjorie Tucker ("Jim," as everyone calls her) and MissAllen, both social workers of the Greenwich House, are beingemployed by Mr. Edison to take charge of the dancing on theSquare.They are well-known figures among the tenement-housedwellers back of the Square, the children know them and lovethem, and were it not for the fact that it is rather tiresometo have a few hundred dancers every afternoon, they too couldenjoy the Wednesdays and Saturdays on the Square. But it ismore blessed to give than to receive. Minetta Lane, Greenwich Village The Singer By Anna Wickham IF I had peace to sit and sing,Then I could make a lovely thing;But I am stung with goads and whips,So I build songs like iron ships.Let it be something for my song,If it is sometimes swift and strong. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner Those who are ashemed to make an humble start may neverglory in a grand finish.Tho his striving be of the easiest gaining—who'll ne'er waitnor work, nor even watch, neither shall he win. The Finishing Touches A FEW more days only and the last scaffolds will have beenremoved, the hammering and sawing of the artisans willhave ceased, and Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre willbe ready to open its hospitable doors to the public. It is stillsmaller than the original plans contemplated. To have com- fortable seating capacities for the audience was taken into con- sideration rather than to squeeze in a few more dozens of seats.Only one hundred and forty-six chairs are provided. But everyone of them is real comfortable, with ample space to movearound freely without having to be afraid of interfering withthe freedom of one's neighbors.The walls are pale blue the woodwork is cream; the chairsare black with orange cushions. The stage curtains correspondwith the tapestry of the walls, and the background is tan. Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno "I judge from your appearance and especially from yourconduct since—well, say, since we met, that we belong to thesame class. I want you to bring me to some place where youcan hide me—hide me for at least a week, where I feel ab- solutely sure to come and go without being molested. I wantyou to assist me in several things that I desire to undertake.In short, I want you to do everything that I might requestyou to do, promising that nothing will be against law and order.But above all, you must promise never to make even an attemptto look at my face. You might call me any name you choose. Iwon't tell you who I am. Only so much, that the money I have ismy own, and that I didn't do anything wrong, making it necessaryfor me to hide or flee. Now, please consider my proposition,and if you think that you can carry it out, I shall tell youin detail my plans and see what suggestions you have to make."During all the time she had been speaking, I had fought withmyself and finally had come to the conclusion to ask her todo it. No matter how unmanly it might seem, I simply couldnot endure it any longer."Well?" she said, "what do you think of my proposition?""It's rather a delicate and unusual thing," I began, "butafter I explain to you the circumstances, you will understandbetter and you will perhaps pardon my straightforwardness."I really felt embarrassed. I didn't know how to say it exactly.She seemed to feel my embarrassment and interjected encourag- ingly, "I won't mind if you say even the worst. I know my con- duct gives you ample excuse to say anything in the world withouthurting my feelings.""Well, then—would you mind to buy me a package of cigar- ettes," I blurted out."A what?" she asked unbelievingly. "A package of cigarettes—any brand you might choose—but just cigarettes. For you must know I am dead broke. Ihaven't got a cent in my pockets. I was standing on the cornerwhere you—well, say, met me, waiting for a friend who has thehabit of carrying a package of cigarettes in his pockets. Ihad stood there for almost an hour, waiting for him, to get acouple of cigarettes. I would have smoked one of them tonightbefore retiring and the other one tomorrow morning. Youpractically prevented me from getting them so I think it is onlyfair for you to buy me a package of cigarettes."She didn't say a word, turned searchingly in all directions,discovered a cigar stand, crossed over and came back with a pack- age of Pall Malls. If there is any cigarette I hate it is aPall Mall. Its a typical highbrow cigarette and I'll bet you'llfind mighty few chaps in the Pall Mall Club smoking Pall Mallcigarettes. But it showed me clearly again the character of thisgirl. There was first of all a hereditary delicacy that forebadeher to ask questions, to make a remark or to offer me her purseto purchase these cigarettes. And then, her New York breeding:I am sure she went to that cigar counter and said, "Give me thebest cigarettes you have," what the cigar clerk translatedinto "the most expensive cigarettes in stock." He gave her apackage of matches, too.Never had a cigarette tasted better to me than this PallMall. It was a luxury. Even Sarah Bernhardt taking her famousbath in the contents of sixty bottles of champagne, or Nerolooking at Rome that he had put on fire, composing the poemthat would make him immortal, could not have felt better thandid I. My companion must have watched me, realizing that Idid not wish to be disturbed while I was lighting my cigarette."How about my proposition now?" she asked finally, afterI had taken my third puff and was really contented, contentedwith the world in general and with myself and my presentsituation in particular."My dear girl," I said, "you have far too beautiful handsto commit murder. I don't believe that you are a thief and evenif you were a murderess and a thief, I would gladly acceptyour proposition. Of course, I want to know a little more indetail what you will expect me to do. But do not mention thetwenty-five thousand dollars again. It doesn't sound nice. Itdestroys a lot of values in me, values you created unknowingly."While talking she had taken off her gloves and I could nottake my eyes away from those wonderful hands. They fascinatedme. The funny thing is, I never tried to imagine how her facemight look.I showed her again that she might count on me for anythingshe might want to undertake and reminded her of the late hour.It was nearly one o'clock. "I shall be glad to do everything inmy power to help you out," I said, "but now, let's go. Ifyou don't want to walk, you will have to pay your fare, and youwill have to pay mine, too.""But where are we going?""To my apartment, of course." Pantaloons by Clara Tice Thursday, Friday and SaturdayEvening at 8.15 P. M.PERFORMANCESSECURE PROGRAM AND TICKETSby Mail or in PersonCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C. This Week's Performances and ConcertsTuesday,Wednesday,8:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.Thursday, 8:15 p. m.Friday,Saturday,8:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Disc Concert on the Square.Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Disc Concert on the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticketsLittle Thimble Theatreare free of charge.of admission to Theperformances. They