The mask 5 4 April 1913 naau_1913-04_01 The mask 5 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL. Established February 27th 1913. A RED LETTER DAY IN THE HISTORY OF THE THEATRE. J. S cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 8 A Design for a Stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry, by E. W. Godwin. F. S A. Illustration 10 IS "POETIC DRAMA BORN AGAIN?" A Reply given Gordon Craig cre recorded by John Cournos cre J. S cre 11-14 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 14 THE ENGLISHMAN AT THE THEATRE John Balance cre 15-18 Untitled Image Illustration 15 A MARIONETTE SHOWMAN INLUCK. F. E cre 18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 FRAU WAGNER'S; A Note Adolf Furst cre 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 REALISM, A Passage from the Decay of Lying " Oscar Wilde; with a Note by A. C cre A. C cre 21-23 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Untitled Image Illustration 23 HORRORS ON THE A word from St: Augustine, with a Note Louis cre 23-24 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 24 SOME ANCIENT MARIONETTES. 25 No: 1. Illustration 25 No: 4. Illustration 25 No: 5. Illustration 25 No: 2. Illustration 25 No: 3. Illustration 25 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, "Yorick cre 27-46 Untitled Image Illustration 27 Untitled Image Illustration 36 Untitled Image Illustration 46 ROMAN PUPPETS W. Story cre 47-50 THE HOUR GLASS A PREFACE TO THE NEW VERSION. W. B. Yeats cre W. B. Yeats cre 51 Untitled Image Illustration 51 THE HOUR GLASS 51-70 THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA H. E. Francis Eagle cre 71-76 Untitled Image Illustration 71 Untitled Image Illustration 72 Untitled Image Illustration 73 Untitled Image Illustration 74 Untitled Image Illustration 76 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS E. W. Godwin. 1875 cre 77-79; 81-84 Untitled Image Illustration 77 MEASURE FOR MEASURE Plans for "Measure for Measure" Illustration 79 Untitled Image Illustration 84 SIENESE COSTUME, A translation from the book of Cesare Vecellio, 1589. 84-85; 87; 89 Untitled Image Illustration 85 Untitled Image Illustration 87 Untitled Image Illustration 89 A WORD UPON ORIGINALITY Goethe cre From the " Conversations with Eckermann. 1832-1832 cre 89-90 Untitled Image Illustration 90 THE MODERN THEATRE Allen Carric cre 91-93 Untitled Image Illustration 91 Untitled Image Illustration 93 IN ROME Edward Edwardovitch cre 93-97 Untitled Image Illustration 93 Mediaeval Marionettes from the "Hortus deliciarum" of Herrad von Landsberg. Illustration 97 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE LIVERPOOL REPERTORY THEATRE. Yours faithfully A. Z cre 98-100 Untitled Image Illustration 100 BOOK REVIEWS. 101-103 Untitled Image Illustration 101 THE CIVIC THEATRE by Percy 101-103 IMPRESSIONS AND OPINIONS 103 FOREIGN NOTES 104-109 Untitled Image Illustration 104 LONDON. 104-105 Mr Lovat Fraser's Exhibition. R. D cre 104-105 LIVERPOOL. 105-108 Mr Gordon Craig's Exhibition. P. A cre 105-108 LONDON. 108-109 A Hundred Good Songs. E. E cre 108-109 The Gordon Craig School. &amp; 109 EDITORIAL NOTES. 110-116 Untitled Image Illustration 110 THE LIVERPOOL THEATRE. 110-111 ENDOWMENT FOR THE 111-112 SOLITUDE AND WORK. 112-113 UNPRODUCTIVE PRODUCERS. 113-115 THE YOUNGER GENERATION. 115-116 TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE. 116 A LAST WORD. J. S cre 116 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 5 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 5 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 6 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 117 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 118 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 119 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Five. Number Four APRIL5 Ii 9 I 3 ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBS C R IP TI O N FIF TE E N SHILLINGS. Fi* irrerniMiMTWMiwwTiMiiriiiiTTr irrrwi—m lifiiwwninTriri mi Hm1 iiiyiiiMM'iiiiiw'iiMwrirTTfPMMwwwMßMWTi£&gt; SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGSTRADE AGENTS.S I M P RI Nt MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp;CO.LON DO N. E MASK. APRIL 1913- &amp; The Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated. &amp;All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.Communications should be addressed to the Arena Qoldoni. Florence. Italy THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL. &amp; THE MASK.April 1913. IS 44 POETIC DRAMA BORN AGAIN?" &amp; &amp; IS " POETIC DRAMA BORN AGAIN? " &amp; IS " POETIC DRAMA BORN AGAIN? " &amp; THE ENGLISHMAN AT THE THEATRE &amp; THE ENGLISHMAN A T THE THE A TRE &amp; THE ENGLISHMAN AT THE THEATRE&amp; &amp; FRAU WAGNER'S TRIUMPH &amp; 4? REALISM. &amp; £&gt; REALISM. &amp; HORRORS ON THE STAGE. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS j£&gt; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. -- A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. js&gt; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORYGF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. 4? &amp; ROMAN PUPPETS. &amp; ROMAN PUPPETS. JS&gt; ROMAN PUPPETS. THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HOUR GLASS &amp; &amp; THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HO UR GLASS &amp; &lt;£&gt; THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HOUR GLASS THE HOUR GLASS THE HOUR GLASS THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HOUR GLASS THE HOUR GLASS j&amp; £&gt; THE HOUR GLASS THE HOUR GLASS &amp; ue&gt; THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HOUR GLASS &amp; THE HOUR GLASS 0 THE HOUR &lt;£&gt; THE HOUR GLASS &lt;e&gt; &amp; THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA &amp; THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA jz? THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA &amp; &amp; THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA &amp; &amp; MEASURE FOR MEASURE &amp; &amp; MEASURE FOR MEASURE -&lt;£&gt; MEASURE FOR MEASURE &amp; &amp; MEASURE FOR MEASURE &amp; &amp; MEASURE FOR MEASURE &amp; SIENESE COSTUME &amp; &amp; A WORD UPON ORIGINALITY &amp; £&gt; THE MODERN THE A TRE &amp; THE MODERN THEATRE &amp; ■£? / N R O &amp; 1 N R O M E. j&amp; I N R O ME. &amp; &amp; I N ROM E. &amp; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 0 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 0 &lt;£&gt; B O O K REV B O O K REVIEWS. &amp; -0- FOREIGN FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; FOREIGN FOREIGN -©&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES, x? &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES, x? EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VAN2I ANNOUNCEMENTS} FROM '• THE MASK PRESS "ARENA QOLDONI. FLORENCE, ITALY.&amp; &amp; THE MASK. VOLUME SIX. £r &amp;til® sixth Volume, which begins with the July number, ThreeEditions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,lliSr *° ese Editions are respectively as follows.Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00J|||g||p Large Paper Edition (100 copies.) „ 20. ~ 5.00Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) ~ 65, „ 16.0 CTHE MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908... . 1909... 1910... 1911...t £&gt; A certain number of complete sets of Volumes 1, a, and 3,f (large ottavo) still remain, and, bound in vellum, may be obtained• from this office, price five guineas, (dollars a6).NEW SERIES. Vol. 4. shillings as- dollars 6.50Bound in Vellum. Vol. 5. „ ~ ao. ~ „ 5.500 Volume 5, Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings, as,»■ dollars 6.50. Orders and Subscriptions may be sent direct toTHE MASK Offices, Arena , , Italy,or to " The Society of the Theatre. " 7, John Stf Adelphi, London. rFOUR OPINIONS ON " THE MASK""There is not a page in it which is 1not interesting and stimulating in a fine Iway". II" The Mask " always contains something 11I " worth reading, and often something |1 " worth keeping ".Pall Mall Gazette."A quite remarkable magazine, richI in intelligence"Westminster Gazette.a"A very amusing and stimulating, asI well as a most beautiful, magazine."I The Daily Telegraph.I '! I may say without any hesitation that I| •' have received more pleasure from itsI "pages, both intellectual and aesthetic,I " than I have received from any other pe~ j jI " riodical now being published. It is am a- j ;" zing to find that in a paper devoted toI" a special object there should be so |" wide an intellectual appeal. IT. P. s Weekly. jTRADE AGENTS ISimpkin, Marshall, Hamilton, jj Kent &amp; Co. London. I Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrucci, Via de Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask " Arena Golden! LITERARY CONTENTS. THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL. J. S 387.IS " POETIC DRAMA BORN AGAIN " ? . Gordon Craig 389.THE ENGLISHMAN AT THE THEATRE. . John Balance 393.FRAU WAGNER'S TRIUMPH Adolf Furst 397.REALISM. Oscar Wilde, with a note by A. C. 399.HORRORS ON THE STAGE St. Augustine, with a wordby Louis Madrid. ... 301«A HISTORY OF PUPPETS Yorick. (P. Ferrigni) . . 303.THE HOUR GLASS W. B. Yeats 337.THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA. H. Francis Eagle. . . . 347.THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF♦« MEASURE FOR MEASURE " . . E. W. Godwin. 1875. . . 353.SIENESE COSTUME Cesare Vecellio. 1589. . . 360.A WORD UPON ORIGINALITY. . . . Goethe. . . . . . 365.THE MODERN THEATRE.. . . . . Allen Carrie 367.IN ROME Edward Edwardovltch. . . 369.LETTER TO THE EDITOR. . 374.&amp; BOOK REVIEWS, &amp; FOREIGN NOTES, EDITORIAL NOTES. . . . 376. ILLUSTRATIONS. DESIGN FOR A COSTUME FOR MISS ELLENTERRY, (Frontispiece). . . . E. W. Godwin.A MARIONETTE SHOWMAN F. E. . . ... 296.ANCIENT MARIONETTES Pace 30a.WEBB'S SHOP WINDOW ... 347.THREE DESIGNS FOR THE WEBB DRAMA 348. 349* 35&lt;&gt;.FIVE PLANS FOR '• MEASURE FOR MEASURE" E. W. Godwin. . . . 353.TWO SIENESE COSTUME Cesare Vecellio, 1589. 361.363.MEDIAEVAL MARIONETTES Herrad von Landsberg. . . 373.HEAD AND TALE PIECES AND INITIAL LETTERS by Gordon Craig, George Borrow,and from old English Designs. THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL.Established February 27th 1913. A RED LETTER DAY IN THE HISTORY OF THE THEATRE. J. S. any times has The Mask urged the necessity for a Schoolfor the Art of tiie Theatre of such a nature, and carriedout upon such lines, as Mr Craig has repeatedly set forth.In the last number of the journal the subject was renewedby both Mr George Baltruschaltis and Mr Laurence Blnyon. Now we are happy in being able to publish the news of the foundationof this School.Such news is as exhilerating as it is welcome, for it conveys a surepromise for the future of the Theatre as well as a sincere satisfactionin the present over the realization of a long cherished hope.The announcement was made by Mr Gordon Craig himself on February,27th,... a day most fittingly chosen as being Miss Ellen Terry's birthday...We give his own words :" The date coincides, " he says, 44 with the realisation of one of my44 most cherished schemes. And as whatever I am or may be I owe to44 the inspiring influence of my mother, could anything be more appro- -44 priate than that 1 should Join her name with the announcement of" the project referred to ? In other words, I bring it to her as a birthday44 offering, fully recognising that I owe its fulfilment largely to her44 unwavering and helpful encouragement. &lt;£?44 To-day, then, we lay the foundations of that experimental school44 for the cult of the art of the theatre which it has long been my ambition44 to establish in England. Such things cost money before they can be44 set upon a firm footing: the prudent man does not embark upon an enterprise until he has secured what he holds to be the necessary ca=44 pital. That has now been provided by a friend who shares my belief" that there is ample room in London for a school whose object it will44 be to foster the development of the art of the theatre on lines notyet attempted, and to establish a useful system for the training of" young people in all departments of the theatre. J£?other words, my aim, as director of the new school, will be toInfuse the life of Imagination into every art and craft connected withthe stage, so that fresh vigour may be given to the creative powers*' of those actively interested in the drama. &lt;£? £/ .&amp; 44 The school will consist simply of a body of earnest and thorough" workers, who, building upon the foundations of the work 1 havehitherto endeavoured to achieve, will strive, by means of experiment" &amp;nd research, to rediscover and recreate some of those magic and44 elemental principles of beauty, simplicity, and grace in that art-world44 from which at present they are conspicuously absent. " &amp; &amp;&lt;&amp; With such a School, under such a Leader, all becomes possible. &amp; Three years ago Gordon Craig wrote of his project in this journal:44 My proposal is to discover or rediscover the lost Art of the Theatreby a practical expedition.... into the realms where it lies hidden ". Nowat the outsettlng of this 44 practical expedition " we are confident thatail who love the Theatre, who look hopefully for the dawn of the New AgeIn which, by means of creative art, shall be restored to us a sense of thesplendour of life, will wish to him, to the new adherents who gather tojoin him, and to the old followers who have long proved their obedienceand loyalty to this cause and to Craig as leader of this cause, 44 bonvoyage &amp;The way is a long one. He has himself said, 44 I am thoroughly con- vinced that there will never be an end to our journey " ; but "Attractionshall never cease for us ; that will never change, we shall ever be in- vited.... beckoned... impelled to move forward. " A Design for a Stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry, by E. W. Godwin. F. S A. IS "POETIC DRAMA BORN AGAIN?" AReply given by Gordon Craig and recordedby John Cournos. J. S. few months ago an Interview with Mr Laurence Binyon appearedin the Boston Transcript under the heading "Poetic DramaBorn Again", an Interview in which Mr Binyon glorified the stage productions of Mr Granville Barker, " compared them favourablywith the schemes and projects " of Mr Gordon Craig, and then made thestartling declaration that 'f the poetic drama is freed at last. "£? The Interview was brought to the notice of Mr Gordon Craig who,asked whether he also held that the poetic drama was born again, re- plied, " It depends whether you are speaking of literary drama or mimo&gt;drama, which is a better name for pantomimo drama. The first is quitea grown-up man ; the other is being re-born. The literary drama wasbrought Into being by Yeats and Synge, but we have no great mimo- drama. Therefore the poetic drama, as a whole, may be said to have beenboth born again, and to be In the process of being born. " &amp;"Stupendous 1" was Mr Craig's exclamation on reading what Mr Binyonhad said on the subject, and, questioned as to what precisely he meantby " stupendous " he replied, " That the great authority on Chinesepaintings and Japanese prints should be speaking about the stage."&amp; On being asked whether he meant that Mr Binyon should stick tohis own business Mr Craig replied, " Well, I should be very shy of offe- ring my opinion on the Chinese and Japanese collections in the BritishMuseum. 1 know that Binyon has written plays, and very beautiful plays ;and yet a man may write plays "and know nothing about the stage, as inthe case of Browning, Tennyson, Byron, and a number of the great poets."We reprint here a part of the Conversation as it took place betweenMr Craig and Mr John Cournos, a representative of the Boston •which has an especial interest when taken in connection with thestatements recently made by Mr Craig as to the system be intends to follow in training the pupils In his school. 'T'he stage " said Mr Craig, " is an Interpretative art; that is, the pro- duction of a play is a craft.... it Is not an art; and a craft more than any other thing demands that the man who attempts it shall have be- come familiar with Its instruments and materials and unless he Is tho- roughly familiar with them he is what is known as talking through hishat when he ventures to speak on the subject.&amp; 44 I believe that Mr Binyon himself feels this way about it, and myreason for saying so is a passage which he has just written about myprojected school in a very interesting article to be published in the Ja- nuary number of The Mask, (i) This is the passage, speaking in praiseof my school: " Had William Morris undertaken the drama as he under- -44 took so many arts and crafts, this would have been his way. How44 splendid for the dramatic poet to learn his art not from abstract prin- -44 ciples or from reading plays in the study, but by handling the actual44 material of it, by becoming master of all subsidiary crafts of the theatre44 himself! " I am very much surprised that Mr Binyon now speaks ofthe poetic drama as having just suddenly been born and by the sameprocess that a conjurer uses when he produces an egg out of a hat.JE? 44 Then what you mean is that as one swallow does not make a sum- mer, so one production does not make a drama ".44 That is exactly what I mean " replied Mr Craig with emphasis.44 Could one, or even five, productions achieve this miracle, then weshould have recreated the poetic drama from 1900 to 1903, when weproduced plays and operas in grand succession and in a manner whichat the time was called revolutionary, just as Mr Barker's productionsto-day are called revolutionary. The methods we employed at the timehave been employed ever since by the revolutionists. "44 Who are 'we' ? " &amp;4i We were a very small group.... consisting of a friend and myselfand a band of assistants. We gave plays year after year, and we did notuse old scenes arid old dresses. We produced 44 Dido and Aeneas " in 1900.4The Masque of Love* and a revival of 4Dido and Aeneas' in 1901, Handel'sopera 4Acis and Galatea' and a revival of 4The Masque of Love'in 1902, andLaurence Hausman's nativity play, 4Bethlehem', 4Sword and Song', Ibsen's4Vikings' and 4Much Ado About Nothing' in 1903, all in London, and allproduced not as such productions are, out of old materials, but the whole thing in each detail new from beginning to end. They have failed forthe same reasons that the Reinhardt and Barker movements to createthe poetic drama will fail JZ&gt; j&amp;'♦ What, then, in your opinion, are the great forces that can createthe poetic drama ? " JZ?** Poets... and great stage managers of genius, but in both cases it isa question of creation and not interpretation. When Reinhardt produced♦Sumurun' he came nearer to creating a poetic drama.... mimo-drama,understand.... than any stage manager who merely interprets a play byShakespeare, and Reinhardt either succeeds or fails in so far as he isinspired or uninspired. A mimo-drama, carefully put together, beautifullydecorated, quite clear as to its meaning, can still be no work of art, andcan be merely a very good job. It all depends on the quality of Inspi- ration. "♦♦ My plan is this " went on Mr Craig enthusiastically ; ♦♦ to make asufficient number of very serious men in my school familiar with thematerial and Instruments of their craft. Then we shall have the machine.Then all that is needed is the man of genius and that he shall be fa- miliar with the machine. You can then expect a renaissance. We shallin our way and with our material hope to do what Yeats and Syngehave done with their material. It must be remembered that the twomaterials are as divided as the elements. I have myself acted as a most♦willing aid in the interpretation of the drama of Yeats and it has beenone of the special happinesses of my life to have been connected withhis poetic dramas in Dublin: but with him I have only acted as servant,as interpreter and a very willing one; and I hope that my experiencein that role has taught me more exactly than anything else the truthof the existence of another, shall we call it, brother art ?1 should be sorry that Americans should think that we are conceitedover our minor efforts... that is our efforts as interpreters. There is alarge group of artists in England who realize that art is only valuablewhen it is creative. We are not really very concerned in England as tothe setting of a play, or In any other detail of a production. What weare keenest about is that we should add fresh life to each branch of art,be it architecture, music or drama. &amp; Neither are we concerned as much as Americans might be led to sup- pose with what is called success. You have in America a poet... perhapsthe greatest in the last century.... who was practically what is called afailure ". I mean Walt Whitman. But we are all beginning to see thathe is an irresistible success and was a success in 1856 when he firstpublished " Leaves of Grass ". We have had just such a giant in Europeonce upon a time Leonardo da Vinci. Each of his statues fell crumblingto the ground, all his paintings scaled off the walls or else remained inan unfinished state. He was laughed at by that far too " successful "gentleman, Michel Angelo. And yet today we see that in each of hismany branches he was a master, and a master second to none. All his projects, whether flying machinery, scrapnel, for canal cutting,for quarry cutting, for water raising, and many other things besides....if they were not brought to a final and perfect form... have proved thefirst indication of setting about to solve the problems which they under=took to solve. This artist resembled Nature itself. He worked slowly and never wouldhe go further than the natural point in a slow development. He knewthat things have to grow, whereas Mr Binyon thinks they have to beproduced out of a hat. Let us take Leonardo and Whitman as the twogreat masters of Europe and America and let us abide by their method,for it is the method of Nature. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; (1) This article appeared in January last. THE ENGLISHMAN AT THE THEATRE byJohn Balance. n American writer has lately given his views (1) on the44 Impassive Englishman at the Theatre as he impresses theAmerican".Having described the English Theatre as 44 a place designed by a thoughtful providence for the vicarious expression of British emo- tion "he goes on to assert that, since no well-bred Englishman dares toexpress aloud any feeling or speak of really serious things, he must findhis emotional expression vicariously in the emotional dramas and "artisticrealism " of the British stage.&amp; But even so, says our critic, the Englishman is careful to allow notrace of that emotionalism which he has gone to the Theatre to get outof his system to appear upon his face. 440n1y behind a stolid countenancedoes he enjoy the things he dare not feel " 44 He goes to have expressionhandled for him, just as he goes to have his clothes made by someoneelse." and 44 English propriety reaches its climax at the LondonTheatre". (2) &amp; &amp; &amp;£? So much for the Englishman at the Theatre as Cousin Jonathan*sees him. Now that may be all very well so far as it goes; but then it refersto so small a section of the English,... that is to say, to the small sectionwhich does frequent the Theatre, that it is misleading to use the word44 English " in that general sense, as if referring to the Public as a whole.For the Public in England does not go to the Theatre. To the En- glishman the theatre means much less than it does to any other man,except the American. This is perhaps due to William Shakespeare. Hehaving told England that all the world's a stage, the Englishman cannotbe expected afterwards to attach much importance to the Theatre. If theworld is a stage what a wretched place the stage must be. &amp;£&gt; To the Englishman the stage is a place where the mirror is held upto nature, and snobbery is what is seen in the glass. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The Englishman does not care about this, and so the Theatre InEngland has no Public. The Public,... that Is to say, the People, do notgo to the Theatre; they go to the Public House. There at least they cansteer clear of all humbug about nature and mirrors. There at any ratethey can make of every stool a castle,... 44 and don't be too ready toagree with me". jg/ js*Again, in a Theatre the Englishman has to elbow two other Englishmenas though he were in any German democratic bierhalle, whereas anEnglishman likes elbow room for his own ideas. In a Theatre he hastoo little liberty. How can he be at ease with two antagonistic tempe- raments sitting on either side of him ? So the Saxon keeps out of theTheatre, and the Normans who came over with conquering William keepup their theatre going out of respect for Paris. &amp; jg?One might be inclined to think that after many centuries of thistreatment Thalia and Melpomene, the muses of the Theatre, would bebroken-hearted. But muses have no hearts to break. That is why theyare able to attract so many lovers. Yet they are very faithful... to prin- ciple. They are unable to love for they are love, and being so, aredeathless. &amp; jg? jg?The muses of the Theatre are at the service of any man who willserve them faithfully. Women they detest. This is their one link with thesex to which they belong. No woman has ever served any muse faithfullyand so no woman has ever seen the face of a muse. This Is all going tobe changed 500n... when some woman shall have learnt fidelity andobedience... to a muse ; though perhaps it is a task not a little beyonda woman's power. jg&gt; jg/&amp; Some men have been faithful and obedient and the dreams of theseare blessed with the smiles of both Thalia and Melpomene. &amp;&amp; A blessed dream Is a prize Englishmen are less inclined to fight forthan a lucky reality ; so that we find but few English artists who haveany desire to act in obedience and faith towards the Law of their Land...the Land of Imagination. In the Theatre, that parched desert land ofArt, there are very few. The Theatre in England, not receiving the spontaneous national andnatural support, is obliged to use unnatural means to attract a certain number of People within its doors so as to save its face while spiting itsnose. This absurd situation of the English Theatre is apparent to all theother theatres of Europe. Only from itself is its own indignity hidden.£? The men who have brought these unnatural dealings Into the Theatreand alienated the public are too numerous to mention. They paint theirfaces nightly no less to give a correct impression to the audience of theludicrous thing the English Theatre has become, than to bring a blushto their own coy faces. £? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;£? The men who have controlled themselves from assisting at thisoutrage are few, but may be as easily discerned as white from black.They have for some time had to fight a kind of guerilla warfareagainst the forces of the Theatrical Trust, ...a party so well united that,to use the wig-maker's parlance, " you can't see a join anywhere. " ■£*And here it is right to linger for a word or two about this immacu- lately joined and consolidated Trust. £? JZ?Until lately everyone was of the belief that America was the onlyland with a Theatrical Trust. I am, I believe, the first to point out thelittle fact that a much more powerful Trust exists in England. It is morepowerful for the reason above given... 4&lt;you can't see a join anywhere".The English Theatrical Trust is quite unique. It takes the traditionalposition of the little dog with sugar on nose, and when " paid for " isuttered it swallows the sugar; but what it's all about nobody knows.In fact Its the silliest old Trust that ever sat up on its tail. TheAmerican Trust makes something at any rate. It makes money. The En- glish Trust makes nothing.... not even a mistake.... so it never makesthe proverbial discovery. &amp;It makes nothing. The actor-managers assemble in a room, close thedoors and make quotations from Shakespeare, and then.... mark time.They part with the mysterious look which says "No one can know ourbusiness ". And no one can.... for they have none. •&amp;They are without a business, they are without an art, they arewithout the knowledge of these two facts. They resemble him of whomthe American said, "There goes a man who's dead and doesn't know it".But a few of the Theatre men are alive... and know it, and everyoneelse Is beginning to be glad they are. When these men are given a free hand in the English Theatre weshall hear less of the " impassive Englishman at the Theatre; but weshall hear of the great Public there, that public of which VictorHugo wrote :... " The people throw themselves passionately into the44 beautiful. They pack together, crowd, amalgamate, combine, and kneed'* themselves in the theatre; a living paste that the poet (i) is about to" m0u1d...... the vast multitude looks, listens; loves; all consciences," deeply moved, throw off their inner fire, all eyes glisten, the huge" beast with a thousand heads is there, the of Burke, the41 Urbis of Cicero, it caresses the beautiful, It smiles at it with the44 grace of a woman, it is literary in the most refined sense of the word ;44 nothing equals the delicacy of this monster. The tumultuous crowd44 trembles, blushes, palpitates; its modesty is surprising; the crowd is44 a virgin. No prudery, however, this brute Is not brutal. Not a sympathy44 escapes it; it has in itself the whole keyboard, from passion to irony,44 from sarcasm to sobbing. Its compassion Is more than compassion;44 it is real mercy. God is felt in it. " Fori..., 44 The multitude, and in44 this lies their grandeur, are profoundly open to the ideal &amp; (1) New York Sun.(2) Mr Gordom Craig wrote from a very different point of view of .the Englishman at the Theatre in " TheMask July, 1911. (1) Aad for 41 poet" we may read 44 artist the artist of the theatre. A MARIONETTE SHOWMAN INLUCK. F. E. May i present you with thispicture of M. GeorgesMessing, who won, togetherwith his sister and his bro- ther-in-law, a million francsin a lottery. Till now a poorworkman in metal, in hisleisure he constructed thislittle theatre of marionettes.Every Saturday and Sundayhe gave on it representationsto amuse the children of his neighbourhood. FRAU WAGNER'S; A Note by Adolf Furst. Jf there is a great woman in Europe it is Prau Wagner. She triumphs,and without noise. She does not have to be photographed in her coffinnor to carry about mules with her on her journeys in order to attractattention. The great are ready to listen to her slightest word. I shouldsay that she is quite unique. £?Her husband dies, bequeathing her a vast responsibility. His workshave not to be treated in a commonplace manner, but have to be held upas unique. This she has achieved, and every woman should tender to herin her latest triumph appreciation of what she has done for the realcause of women.When It was announced that "Parsifal" would be' produced by M.Qunsbourg at Montecarlo everyone believed that the influence was sogreat around M. Qunsbourg that M. Qunsbourg would be allowed to dowhat he premeditated. &amp; &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;At the last moment, however, and without giving any more effort toit than most people would give to taking a morning stroll, MadameWagner arrives at the Riviera. Within forty eight hours the Prince ofX.Monaco refuses to allow the performance to take place. &amp; &amp;Madame Wagner then does not abuse her triumph, but is generousenough to make a concession. She allows a rehearsal to be witnessedby those people who were evidently hoping to make thousands outof it. &lt;o&amp; A little more of this quiet but tremendous spirit among the womenwho are so loudly advocating women's rights, and the world would bea very much grander place than it is at present.It is absolutely right that " Parsifal " should only be heard in Bey=«reuth. It is one of the common and stupid ideas of modern life that aman's work becomes public property when once it has been heard orseen. This stupidity of course comes from the grasping nature of certainbusiness people and from the vanity of certain others. jg? These vain creatures want to be the patrons of that which is in noway connected with them, so they get a business man hot on the scene,and think the trick is done. &amp; These tricks are going to be very seldom done in future. Before longan artist's work will be protected nut only during his life time and fora few score years after, but for the whole time that his familyexists. &amp;There is nothing but what is perfectly just and straightforward Insuch a reservation. &amp; &amp;Any man on earth who builds a castle on land which belongs to himis the sole proprietor of that castle, it passes on to his heirs at his deathand his family may keep it so long as that family exists. The work of the artist is even more his own personal property, andit is very good to see all over the world steps being taken to make thisclear. Once this very simple fact becomes evident to all nothing willever be heard again of the incapacity of the artist to provide for himselfduring his lifetime and for his family after. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Nor is there only one side to this question. Both the artist and thepublic would benefit. At present works of art, especially those of famousmen, are fabulously expensive. But, if the artist retained full rights overthem during his fife and the life of his family, works of art would thenbecome very cheap and the world would have more of them. See howexcellent it would be. £/ ■£/&amp; If, on the contrary, the modern state of affairs goes on much longerthe price of artists' works will rise and rise. That is to say, no one willbe able to get a portrait or a landscape or any similar work of art underabout two hundred thousand pounds. That sum properly invested wouldprovide the artist's family with what it would want In future. But thiswould also rob the world of hundreds of thousands of works of art. Ifthe public don't want to be robbed of their works of art they hadbetter hasten forward the legislation in regard to the reservation ofthese works and the more quickly and the more actively this is setabout the better. ...Other journals, please copy 1 REALISM, A Passage from the Decay ofLying " by Oscar Wilde; with a Note by A. C. A. C. rt begins with abstract decoration with purely imagina- tive and pleasurable work dealing with what is unreal! and non-existent. This is the first stage. Then Life be- comes fascinated with this new wonder, and asks to beadmitted into the charmed circle. Art takes life as1 part of her rough material, recreates it, and refashions it in fresh forms, is absolutely indifferent to fact, invents, imagines,dreams, and keeps between herself and reality the impenetrable barrierof beautiful style, of decorative or ideal treatment. The third stage iswhen Life gets the upper hand, and drives Art out into the wilderness.This is the true decadence, and it is from this that we are now suffering.Take the case of English drama. At first in the hands of the monksDramatic Art was abstract, decorative, mythological. Then she enlistedLife in her service, and using some of Life's external forms, she createdan entirely new race of beings, whose sorrows were more terrible thanany sorrow man has ever felt, whose joys were keener than lover's joys,who had the rage of the Titans and the calm of the gods, who hadmonstrous and marvellous sins, monstrous and marvellous Tothem she gave a language different from that of actual use, a languagefull of resonant music and sweet rhythm, made stately by solemn cadence,or made delicate by fanciful rhyme, jewelled with wonderful words, andenriched with lofty diction. She clothed her children in strange raimentand gave them masks, aftd at her bidding the antique world rose fromits marble tomb. A new Caesar stalked through the streets of risenRome, and with purple sail and flute-led oars another Cleopatra passedup the river to Antioch. Old myth and legend and dream took shape andsubstance. History was entirely re-written, and there was hardly one ofthe dramatists who did not recognise that the object of Art Is not simpletruth but complex beauty. In this they were perfectly right. Art itselfis really a form of exaggeration; and selection, which is the very spiritof art, Is nothing more than an intensified mode of over-emphasis.&amp; But Life soon shattered the perfection of the form. Even in Shakes- peare we can see the beginning of the end. It shows itself by the gradual breaking up of the blank-verse in the later plays, by the predominancegiven to prose, and by the over-importance assigned to characterisation.The passages in Shakespeare.... and they are many.... where the languageis uncouth, vulgar, exaggerated, fantastic, obscene even, are entirely dueto Life calling for an echo of her own voice, and rejecting the interven- tion of beautiful style, through which alone should Life be suffered to findexpression. Shakespeare is not by any means a flawless artist. He Is toofond of going directly to life, and borrowing life's natural utterance. Heforgets that when Art surrenders her Imaginative medium she surren- ders everything. Goethe says somewhere In der Beschrank ung zeigt sich erst der Meinster,&amp; " It is in working within limits that the master reveals himself',and the limitation, the very condition of any art is style. &amp;&amp; However, we need not linger any longer over Shakespeare's realism.14 The Tempest " is the most perfect of palinodes. All that we desiredto point out was, that the magnificent work of the Elizabethan andJacobean artists contained within itself the seed of its own dissolution,and that, if he drew some of its strength from using life as rough ma- terial, it drew all its weakness from using life as an artistic method. Asthe inevitable result of this substitution of an imitative for a creativemedium, this surrender of an imaginative form, we have the modernEnglish melodrama. The characters in these plays talk on the stageexactly as they would talk off it; they have neither aspirations noraspirates; they are taken directly from life and reproduce its vulgaritydown to the smallest detail; they present the gait, manner, costume,and accent of real people ; they pass unoticed in a third-class railwaycarriage. And yet how wearisome the plays are ! They do not succeed inproducing even that impression of reality at which they aim, and, which istheir only reason for existing. As a method realism is a complete failure. geldom has anything clearer, truer, been written on this alarmingmodern plague... Realism. &amp; &amp;&amp; The modern Drama is "a complete failure". Shaw, Barker, Galsworthyare not a success at all, as realists they succeed,... and achieve everlastingfailure. £&gt; &amp; Yet but few attempt to prevent these good men from their fate. Hasanyone the right to interfere? especially, has any Englishman the badtaste? No, it Is "good form" to let them pass Into oblivion.J£/ Yet perhaps the Englishman would be roused to a rescue if he oncerealized that these Realists are dragging others to the same fate. Allthose poor followers of Shaw, Galsworthy and Barker,., they who buytickets to oblivion, who absorb delusion from a stall or a circle." Most of our modern portrait painters" says Wilde," are doomed to" absolute oblivion. They never paint what they see. They paint what" the public sees, and the public never sees anything ". &amp;How very true,... the public never sees anything, and Barker, Shaw,and Galsworthy show them It. &amp; &amp; &amp; jg? &amp;&amp; Is it not time we asked for works of Art from our artists instead of**» fro m a group of rather undecided thinkers ? HORRORS ON THE A word fromSt: Augustine, with a Note by Louis gtage-plays also carriedme away, full of Imagesof my miseries, and of fuelto my fire. Why is It, thatXman desires to be made sad,beholding doleful and tra- gical things, which yet him- self would by no meanssuffer ? Yet he desires as aspectator to feel sorrow atthem, and this very sorrowis his pleasure. What Isthis but a miserable mad- ness ? For a man is the more affected with these actions, the less fieehe is from such affections. Howsoever, when he suffers in his own per- son, it uses to be styled misery: when he compassionates others, thenit is mercy. But what sort of compassion is this for feigned and scenicalpassions ? for the auditor is not called on to relieve, but only to grieve:and he applauds the actor of these fictions the more, the more hegrieves. And if the calamities of those persons, (whether of old times, ormere fiction) be so acted, that the spectator is not moved to. tears, hegoes away disgusted and criticising; but if he be moved to passion, hestays intent, and weeps for joy. " jg 'fhe times were little different in this saint's day from what theyare now :... perhaps the saints are slightly changed, though even herethe times are possibly akin. Strange times, all times ! &amp; &amp;&amp; No proper minded saint likes to see his churches empty. Yet whatwill you have when churches are unattractive? Why we should no longerbe persuaded to feel nowadays in a church is what many millions ofpeople are asking. Some churches, with a sudden outburst of courage,awaken to the extent of a pennyworth of incenc. Poor People, Poor Saints, Poor chance of riches of Heaven. For thelaying up of riches in Heaven it is essential to feel Religion, not merelyto repeat it.&amp; Those who go to church nowadays and flatter the poor vicarsand curates are not generous, or we should have rich churches gene°&gt;rously overflowing with wealth, and the magnificent ceremonies ofReligion. * Wel,» we sha" find a new belief may be in the Theatre, and then,...then let us hope we shall not cut out anything but the cackle butcome at once to the winged Horses. No: 1. No: 4. No: 5. No: 2. No: 3. SOME ANCIENT MARIONETTES.Nos: 1, 2, 3, Greek Marionettes.Nos; 4 &amp; s, Roman Marionettes. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, by "Yorick". (0 EARLY PERFORMANCES IN ITALY. ith the breaking of the chains by which the puppets hadbeen held as the last slaves of the sacerdotal powerthere also breaks off suddenly the thread of historicalmemoranda which has guided us in the footsteps of ourinteresting little wooden figures down to the period of the Renaissance. *&amp; &amp; &amp;j&amp; The tradition is interrupted, the chronicle is silent, ail light dies out,and the blackest darkness broods over the first wanderings and thefirst attempts at independent life of the rebel and vagabond puppets.»&lt;£? No single name, no indication, no title of a scenic play has reacheddown to us through the sure and safe channel of contemporary annals.The whole thing reduces itself to a few vague and uncertain hints fromwhich appears this single truth ; that the puppets bestirred themselveswildly to gain as best they could a crust of bread ; that in all Italy, andmore especially in Tuscany, they dispersed into every corner of the land0either alone or in companies, to make a little name for themselves andto win for themselves some sympathy ; that in these attempts they suc- ceeded admirably, and that in the midst of that universal reawakeningof tfie dramatic art they were neither the last, nor the least valiant,nor the most obscure assistants of progress, JS? &amp; &amp;That the marionettes in Italy were at that period the object of ad- miration to both learned and ignorant we are assured by that sameGirolamo Cardano already quoted, in his book ** De Subtilitate "." If I should wish " says he, "to enumerate all the marvels which," by means of strings, the little articulated and counterpoised wood -n" figures are made to execute a whole day would not be long enough" for me. Let it suffice to relate that they fight, hunt, dance, play at44 dice, blow the trumpet, and perform most artistically the part4&lt; of cook. " &amp; J£TI have already mentioned in the previous pages how in the thirdchapter of another book of his, " De varietate rerum Cardano, treat- ing of the odds and ends of mechanics, (de artlficiis humilioribus) cites in the sixty third paragraph a most curious kind of marionettemade to act by two Sicilian jugglers, by means of a thread whichtraversed the breast of each. But yet more interesting is the repetitionof the exact words with which that writer and eminent scientistconfesses, with all his learning, not to have understood one blessedthing in the mysterious arrangement by which these strange figures wereset in motion. 4?&amp;44 The thread " writes he, 44 was tightly stretched. And there was44 no dance, however difficult and strange, that those marionettes were" not capable of imitating, making with the feet, the legs, with the44 the arms, with the head, with the torso, the most amazing movements ;" and taking so many extraordinary attitudes that, I confess it, I" cannot discover the secret of the mechanisms and springs proper" to produce this effect. The incomprehensibleness lies in the singleness" of the thread and in its state of continual and perfect tension. I44 have often seen puppets set in motion by various strings, alternate- -44 ly tight and slack, in which there is nothing prodigious. I must also" add that the spectacle of those little figures dancing and gestlcula- -44 ting to the sound of music, and without ever being out in the time,44 was most diverting ". JS?The testimony Is precious on account of the persona! qualities ofthe testator. Giroiamo Cardano, physician, mathematician and excel- lent philosopher for his times, was born at Pavia in 1504 and died atRome in 1576, as 44 archiatro " of the Pope and pensioned by the Courtof the Vatican. His name wil! for ever endure on account of the twodiscoveries which belong especially to him and ensure his fame. Oneis the formula for the resolution of cubic equations', the other isthat system of suspension in a double concentric circle, which des- troys the effects of oscillation, and is used at the present time for thelamps hung in ships. &amp; &amp;&amp; But what would Cardano have written had he lived long enough tosee the dancing marionettes of Nocchi and the acrobatic puppets of thePrandi brothers of Brescia ? &amp;One could not with certainty affirm that the Rucellai Gardens ofFlorence, so celebrated for the gatherings of the Platonic Academy instituted by Marsilio Picino under the auspices of Cosimo ii Vecchio,have sometimes afforded hospitality to some strolling company of mario- nettes. But neither would it be permissable to exclude with certainty asimilar hypothesis at a time in which the most elevated minds and themost cultured talents did not disdain, from time to time, to lavishaffectionate caresses upon the puppets. We know for certain that theDuke Cosimo I, allowed them to penetrate Into the theatre constructedat his expense and for his especial diversion in Palazzo Vecchio; and Itis well known that his son, Francesco 1. (who was husband of the char- ming Bianca Cappello), admitted them into the little permanent theatreerected by Siim in the Uffizi building.*&amp; Don Lorenzo de' Medici, son of the Grand Duke Ferdinando 1. lovedthe plays of the puppets, and, in his capacity of protector anddirector of the Academy of the " Infuocati ", offered to his colleaguesmarionette performances in that small but most charming theatre ofthe palazzo Ardinghelli In Parione, which afterwards, transferred tothe houses of the Ughi beside Santa Maria del Fiore, became the theatreof the Cocomero.JZ? A celebrated maker of marionettes was that Federico Commandinoof Urbino, a well-known geometrician and famous mathematician whosememory was honoured by the poet-engineer, Bernardino Baldi, his pupiland friend, in a sonnet written shortly after 1550 :Oh !... come Parte imitatrice ammiroOnde, con inodo inusitata e strano,Muovesi il legno, e I'uom ne pende immoto 1... (1)These lines would in fact lead us to suppose that the preceptor ofGuidobaldo da Montefeltro, the learned translator and commentator ofthe Eniad, was in no way ashamed to assume every now and again thelivery of the puppet showman, and himself to manipulate, above animprovised stage, the little figures which he knew how to construct with such admirable artifice.£? £? JZ?j&amp; It has been In no place possible to trace the least vestige of therepertory of the Italian marionettes in those first years of their inde- pendence : but it is easy to infer that though at the outset, if only toutilize the figures and mechanisms left over from the " sacre Rappre- sentazioni they may have continued to perform some kind of" Mysteries " and religious Dramas and legends of Martyrs andSaints, roughly cast into dialogue and scene, they must then havevery quickly devoted themselves to the Farces and comic pieces sogeneral, and so deeply rooted, in the customs of the country; remini- scences and remains and partial resurrections of the ancient Atelianlanplays and of the semi-acrobatic Pantomimes, the heritage of the timesof the Roman decadence. A remnant of the first style survives in thatdrama of " Leonzio " which I myself have in my youth seen performedby the marionettes of Nocchi and which, inspired by the generating ideaof the Italian Sacre Rappresentazioni, took on later, under the Spanishinfluence, an air of such perfect similarity with 44 Don Giovanni Tenario "accompanied by the inseparable 44 Convitato di Pietra ". &amp;&amp; It is also beyond all doubt that the puppet showmen of that period,the most able 44 speakers " and 44 operators of marionettes, did notrecite written productions, but for the most part improvised theirdialogue according to the circumstances of the time and place of theperformance, precisely as did, immediately after, the most celebratedactors of the Commedia deJl'Arte. Thus upon those humble stages therewere born the most characteristic types of the ancient Italian theatre,the immortal 44 masks " which personified the disposition, the customs,the virtues, the vices, the defects, and absurdities most usual and mostproverbial in this or that province of Italy; whence they afterwardsspread themselves all over the world and infused the warmth oflife into the first and feeble attempts of the foreign populartheatre.^In fact so great was the fame in those days of the little mobiletheatrical figures, and so universal the fame of excellence attributedto them in the art of representation, that one of the most able actorsof the Company de' Gelosi, the buffoon who most frequently and with the best success held the stage In the Commedla dell'Arte, small ofstature, vivacious In his movements, witty in jests, altogether losthis own name and was called " Burattino I have here before me,while I write, his portrait drawn by Callot in the " Balll di Sfessaniabut I have sought in vain for his baptismal and family names. He wascertainly born at Florence and with the company " de' Gelosl " went toParis in 1577. Maurice Sand (1) and Magnin (2) believe and wish to haveit believed that, In that exchange of names between the actor and thelittle wooden figures, it was In fact the actor who transmitted his toall the contemporary " Pupi " and to all the " Fantoccini but, withthe kind permission of these erudite and indefaticable investigators, thehypothesis does not seem to me at all conformable to good logic and tothe conclusions to which we are led by the facts. &amp; &amp;44 Burattino " was not by any means a proper name; rather was ita nickname, neither more nor less ; and everyone knows hownick~names attach themselves to people for some eccentric habit, forsome bizzarre resemblance to another individual or thing or animalor figure known to all for certain particular characteristics. Now onewould not know how to explain the fact that the actor should have lentto the puppets this nickname of his, attached to him for his resemblanceto some other thing which has remained absolutely unknown, and sowell attached as to cause his own name to be absolutely forgotten. Itwill be Instead more natural, more logical and more consonant with useand tradition to affirm that so and so of such and such a familybecame, owing to his curious aptness to speak, recite, jump and gesti=culate like a puppet, universally designated by that mischievous nicknameso as entirely to lose his baptismal name and [to pass to his posteritywith that written on his passport. &amp; jgr &amp; j&amp;But let us leave hypotheses and come down to more conclusive proofs." Burattino that is to say the actor who performed In the Commedladell'Arte under this pseudonym appears for the first time on the stages of Florence in the year 1580 as one of the components of thatcelebrated company of the 44 Comlcl Gelosi " which later, under theleadership and direction of Flaminio Scaia, obtained such greattriumphs and such long continued popularity upon the stages ofParis. J£? SS" &amp;&amp; The ** Scenarios " of Flaminio Scala, collected under the title of44 Teatro delle favole rappresentative " were printed for the first timeat Venice in the year 1611, and often contain, In the list of characters,the name of 44 Burattino " together with that of Pantalone, of Gra»ziano, of Pedrolino, of Cavicchio and of Capitano Spavento, all44 maschere " of the ancient Commedia dell'Arte, And Luigi Riccoboni, in his 44 Storia del Teatro italiano " intelligentlyobserves that Flaminio Scala was certainly not the inventor of thesemasks 44 for he would not have failed to tell us so; and if throughmodesty he had wished to refrain " Francesco Andreini known as Capi- tano Spavento, " who was his comrade and who wrote the preface tohis friend's book would have informed us (1) Thus Riccoboniconcludes that the masks and their names were much anterior to thetimes in which Scala and the actors of the Compagnia dei Gelosiflourished and that their 44 scenarios " did but reproduce and reviveunder a new form the stage types already existing in the Italiantheatre. &amp;44 Burattino " Is therefore a mask of earlier date than the actor whoin 1580 impersonated the character; he is a type of the ancient comedy,generically designated with that name for the very reason that withhis lazzi, with voice, with movements he imitated the movements, thevoice and the lazzi of the wooden buratiini. &amp;And that is not all. The imitation of the marionettes on the largerstages, as a source of absurdity and as an artifice for brighteningthe action of the plays, is as ancient as the theatre, and will endureso long as the theatre endures. We ourselves have seen, some timeback, one of the most celebrated gymnasts of the old 44 Guerra " Company sustain in a pantomime the part of one of those bearded and hairydevils which one shuts down by force in a box, on the opening of whichby virtue of the spring hidd-en under the garments, the figure leapsout unexpectedly, swinging madly to and fro and wildly shaking itsarms and head. And even yet, alas, the auditorium breaks Into loudapplause when Giuseppe Palamidessi, a comfc actor who was a lawyerbefore he was a comedian, imitates with rare perfection, in the 44 Casinodi Carnpagna " the play of a wooden marionette \ M?&amp; But there is yet more to add. 41 Burattino in his day recited in thePadovan dialect, which carries back his appearance on the stage to themost distant epoch in which, for the first time, the various dialects ofthe Italian provinces made themselves heard, from the stage, to theears of the frequentors of the £/ No one ignores that already as early as 1502, and thus almost a cen=tury earlier than the company of the 44 Comici Gelosi there was bornat Pavia Angiolo Beolco, nick-named 44 il Ruzzante ", the author of mostdaring and original plays, an incomparable actor who first introducedupon the stage,.... where for so long a time there had been heard onlythe Latin of the sacred writings or the highly elegant and refined Italianof Ariosto, Macchiavelli and Bibbiena,... the popular dialects of the Italianprovinces : the native Padovan, Bergamese, Bolognese, Venetian, Tuscan,and the burlesque Latin and the Neapolitanized Spanish, and the Greekof Sicily, and ail the other grotesque and bastard modes of speech ofthe &amp;-&lt;2? &amp;Awgelo Beolco was not born author and actor. Although nothing isknown of him save that which was written of him by BernardinoScarteone who regards him as a fortunate rival of Plautus andof Roscius, his own writings attest that he was born of a noble family,that he was in friendly relations with the most illustrious men of hisday, and that he early cultivated his mind by keen study and severediscipline.During the summer he lived at Codevigo, a villa belonging to hisfellow citizen and friend Luigi Cornelio ; and, with him, and with MarcoAurelio Alvarotto, and with Geromino Zanetti and with a Genoese,Castagnolo, young gentlemen of his own age, he used to improvise most hilarious scenes and burlesques, imitating the speech of the peasantsand of the travellers whom they came across.&amp; He tried at first, and not without success, to reproduce the style andmanner of the writers of comedy then in vogue, Bembo, Speroni andothers of their class, and he put together a few heavy and highsounding academical compositions ; but he soon fired of work of thatkind, and with his love for the lively and forcible types of the common,native, vernacular, he set himself to conceive plots and to arrangescenes of rustic and rural nature. With these new comedies, in whichhe recited extempore, teaching his colleagues to improvise also, he soonattained such skill and rose to such fame and celebrity, that he came tobe acknowledged, and is still acknowledged, as a reformer of the comicItalian theatre.^MAngelo Beolco died in 1342, and for his monument Giovan BattistaRota composed the following inscription, an eloquent testimony of therenown which this comedy writer of Padua had achieved :Angelo Beolco Ruzanti PatavinoISullis in Scribendis Agendisque Comoediisingenio Facundia Aut Arte SecundoJocis Et Sermonib Agrest.Applausu Omnium Facetiss,Qui Non Sine Amicor Moerore E Vita DecessitAnn. Domini MDXLII Die XVII MartiiAefatls Vero XL10. Bapt. Rota Patavinus Tantae PraestantiaeAdmirat. Pign. Hoc Sempit, in Test. Famae, Ac. NominisP. C.Ann. A Mundo Redempt. MDLX.And here, as an example of the method and speech of " Ruzzante " isan extract from the " Prologue " of the " Piovana ", the first amongthe plays printed with his name at Vicenza in 1598. J£? &amp;&lt;£? " Do not be amazed, any of you, if you hear spoken a language" which is not Florentine, because I have not wished to exchange my" speech for any other, since I believe myself able to wish you health 44 and wealth and joy and gaiety as well with my thick Paduan tongue44 as with any other silky smooth one. And I also speak with my own so44 as not to outrage naturalness.... and 1 who am come to give you44 pleasure should not be able to give It to you if not in my own speech...44 And do not imagine that anyone has robbed anyone else as some44 think; for if this were stolen stuff we would not show it to so many44 people, but should keep it hidden. If anyone should find In an old" chest one of those robes which it was the fashion to wear in the44 ancient days gone by, and the cloth was good but the cut old-fashioned,44 and if he should make of the cloth jackets and trousers for the living,44 leaving the cut for the dead, would It be robbery ? I wot not. It would44 be to supply the living without taking from the dead. And thus it has44 come about with this 44 novella " which was made for the old dead of44 ancient times who are no more, out of disused words which were not" good for the living; and the master that has furbished It up has left44 the words to the dead, and that which they wished to say he has put44 in order for the living, and In this way has made, from a robe of the44 dead, breeches and shirts for the living.&amp; Such, then, was the repertory of theatrical Marionettes in those days.It consisted of old stories arranged in dialogue form, of mysteries andsacred dramas interspersed with a little of the comic element, of fables,of heroic episodes taken from bocks of chivalry and knighthood, oflegends, of synchronal facts, of old Latin plays, translated and revised,and of parodies, satires and burlesques collected here and there. Hereon the stage of the roying puppet theatre were represented popularpersonages of the day and local types of character, dressed in fantasticstyle, who became models of the 44 maschere " that have come downunchanged, even to our day. &amp;It is natural that the 44 maschere " should have derived their origin,and acquired fame, from puppet plays, because at the time of the firstmarionettes there were no troupes of comic acting companies, withtheir own repertory, travelling from city to city and giving a regularcourse of scenic displays, whereas there were puppet showmen whofrequently visited Fairs and Markets, carrying both theatre and companyon their jg? JS? Nor must it be forgotten that, with that first revival of theatricalpuppets, many examples were to be met with in public and privatemuseums of the old marionettes, and of typical and proverbial 44 pupazzi "with their masks on their faces: Pappus, Manducus, Casnar, Maccus,Centunculus, from which it is not difficult to derive Arlecchino, Mescolino,Trappolino and Pulcineila, all more or less made up according to theoriginal stamp. To these were added new ones by 44 Ruzzante Antonioda Molino, called 44 Burchielia ", of whom Sansovino speaks with greatpraise in his 44 Descrizlone di Venezia"; and a certain Francesco, who wassurnamed Cherea, a comic actor much appreciated by Pope Leone X;Calmo, Cini, and Venturino da Pesaro, so much commended by Quadrio.So did the Italian 44 fantoccini " in Italy live and prosper duringthe first half of the 16th. century that after 1550 actors of the Commedladell'Arie increased and rose to great renown, having all, or nearly all,of them been puppet showmen before they became actors, like Ruzzante,Cherea and Calmo, who in the exercise of those simple and unassumingimprovisations, so schooled and instructed themselves in the art ofspeech and gesture 44 ex-abrupto " in which they came later to be sohighly distinguished. THE EXODUS OF THE. he farther we recede from those eariy days of the puppet theatre,the more dense does the darkness become, that surrounds our%poor little figures, scattered ail over the peninsular and endea- vouring to keep alive the love and ardour for revived dramatic art.&amp; It is with difficulty that among the memories of the 17th. centurywe are able to discover now and then some note relating to Marionettes,and even then, it is apt to be vague, uncertain and transitory, and hasoften to be gathered from the pages of books treating of quite othermatters.^Lorenzo Lippi, for example, in his 44 Malmantile riacquistato " whichwe have already had occasion to refer to, informs us, as a fact, that inthe first years of the 17th. century, it was still the practice for fantoccito be wired at the breast and to dance to the sound of the bagpipes,almost a copy of those described by Girolamo Cardano. &amp; In that learned book of Quadrio, (Delia storia e della ragione d'ognipoesia) we find an account of a certain Massimino Romanini, a Milanesewhose skill and perfection in the art of manipulating pupazzi deservesto be honourably mentioned, and of a Bartolommeo Nerl, machinist andpainter, and such an enthusiastic showman that he invented a newmethod whereby public and theatrical plays were rendered more enjoyable.And the method was this:.... " Let a high stage be arranged, such" as Is used for ordinary comedy, surrounded with scenes of customary" size. Place on the stage a few wooden boards, grooved in channels," which are to serve as slots within which figures about a braccio, or" more in height, and made of papier-mach6, and representing various" forms, are to stand, or travel. These figures are then to be moved" from one end of the channel to the other, according to requirements," by means of concealed counterweights, some of which hang by a wire" attached to the shoulders of a figure; these wires are intended to" serve for the purpose of manipulating the figures and arranging them" in various graceful and appropriate attitudes, and they are worked" by men.hidden under the stage, or in some other convenient place. "This invention of Nerl, however, never made much way, and puppetscontinued to be moved about in the old way, according to the descriptiongiven by Quadrio:... " with the head of the bust and" thighs of wood, the arms of cords, the hands and legs of lead, all well" dressed in silken clothes, with shoes, hats, hoods and other things" usually seen on the persons of living beings. Each of these puppets" has attached to its head a piece of iron wire, wherewith it is movedhere or there by the operator, who controls and manages it without« being seen, and who has four strings of silk, or of some other material,** two In his hands, and two fixed to his feet, whereby he causes the*' figure to walk, jump, gesticulate, dance and make sounds. There are" also many devices for counterfeiting the voices of the little fantoccf." Some showmen make use, for the purpose, of a tube, artfully con- " cealed in the mouth, with which they are able to change the voice«« to suit the particular character of the puppet they are handling, and«4 so cleverly that If the fantoccio had a voice of its own, it could not" be more natural. " It will be admitted that the role of the showman, who has to keepthat tube in his mouth or throat, Is not by any means an easy one, tosay nothing of the risk of swallowing it.&amp; The first showmen to enter Spain were all Italians, Giannello Torriani,Tabary, who shortly after 1590 appeared in Paris, the two Briocci, Grillo,Gavazza, the inventor of the " Ombre Chinesi " (Chinese shades) Fran- ceschino and many others, masters in the art of Marionettes, up toDatelin, Bienfait, Nicolet and Seraphin. Italians also were the managersof " pupi " in England, who, in 1573, exhibited to an astonished peoplethe little figures that were called puppets. Again it was the Rezzonieriand the Grifi, who left Italy, and in Germany presented the first fantocci.called in that country " Puppenspielen. " /It was natural that all those showmen, before leaving their own land,should have perfected themselves in their business by long experienceand practice, In order that they might hope, by their wanderings allover the world with their figures and mechanism, to find fortune andsuccess. VVe shall find all these little personages at their posts whenwe come to deal with the doings of marionettes in different countries,and among the different peoples, of Europe. JZ?It would have been interesting If we had been able to obtain moreextensive and more reliable information on the subject of the repertoryof a growing puppet theatre and to give examples of the plays writtenfor marionettes by Ruzzante, Giraldi, Andrea Calmo, Marin Negro, Pietroand Giovanni Briocci, Virgilio Verrucci, Righelli, Gattlci, and Dattomo,some of whosn applied their talents, later, to the production of realcomedies and made the fortunes of Italian actors in Paris, in Belgium,in Holland and in England. &amp; &amp;Looking through, and examining, the printed text of such productionsas " Brigant! della Bastina " by Camillo Scagligeri della Fratta, the" Tartarea, commedia infernale " by Giovanni Briocci, " La cortesia diLeone e di Ruggiero colia morte di Rodomonte " Ariodante tradito "by Fiorillo, " Le disgrazie di Burattino " by Gattici, " Le bellicose garefra Gereniei e Lambertazzi " by Scafa, one sees plainly that these playsare nothing more than those of marionettes, refurbished, and filled withinterminable language, but it is impossible to gather from them what improvisation must have been in the days of " burattini. " JZ? JS/We know, however, from Quadrio, that certain comedies of Ariosto,such as " Cassaria ", '* Lena '' Suppositi ", with a few of FrancescoD'Ambra and several by Cecchi were written in prose long beforethey issued from the press and fell into the hands of Academicians andDirectors of public festivals. &amp; PROM THE PIAZZA TO THE THEATRE. TPhe last century was really a century of gold for the Marionettes ofItaly. The reform in dramatic art, inaugurated by Carlo Goldonl, con- tributed in a singular way to revive the fortunes of the burattini, whowere scattered all over the surface of the peninsular. From the firstand most agitated periods of their history, attacked both by the parti- sans of the old systems and by the ardent Innovators, who sought torestore the Italian theatre to its ancient and honoured traditions, theyhad always served as a resting place between the two contending hosts;and the actors of wood were engaged in more than one skirmish withthe actors of flesh and blood, while satire poured its venemous dartsfrom the mouth of the showman, concealed behind the curtains of hispoor and wretched booth.£? It is not possible to mention the name of Carlo Goldoni Withoutremembering that the Italian theatre was probably indebted to Burattinifor the great reform inaugurated in our times by that distinguishedwriter. The eloquent pages of his " Memorie " supply abundant testimonyon that subject. Everyone knows, or at least all who have read that mostinteresting autobiography, that Giullo Goldoni, the father of Carlo, hada small marionette theatre built in his house for the 'amusement of hislittle son, that he worked it himself with the assistance of three orfour friends, and that the small Goldoni derived immense pleasure fromit, and became inspired with the first germs of that passion for comicrepresentations, that was to dominate his whole life, JZ? J£&gt;When quite a youth he went to join his father at Gorizia, near to theCount Lantieri, Lieutenant Genera! of the army of the Emperor Charlesthe sixth, and In the course-of his visit, extending over four months,he discovered another puppet theatre, well furnished with figures and decorations, but which had evidently been for some time neglected.Imagine his joy. The future regenerator of Italian comedy took promptpossession, set everything in order, and proceeded to amuse the companyby giving a representation of a great man, the play having been expresslycomposed for comedians of wood ; and this was " Lo starnuto di Ercole "by the celebrated Pier Giacomo Marteili of Bologna.JS? Towards the close of the 16th. century, and all through the 18th, itwas the custom of noble families to have a marionette theatre In orderto provide merriment at the 44 vendemmia " or vintage time, andthe most distinguished writers of the day were engaged to producecompositions suitable for those tiny stages and for those diminutiveactors.£? Piero Jacopo Marteili of Bologna, born in 1666, and died in 172/, wasa poet, who in his time was greatly applauded for his theatrical writingsHe was a scholar and also a statesman. As a relaxation from the caresof the State and his study of the drama, he wrote twenty six plays, eitherdramas or tragedies, all in that peculiar style, which took from him thename of 44 martelliano ", and he also found time to gratify his ambitionand to occupy himself with marionettes, for whom he put together,from time to time, a series of bright and lively little farces, called byhtm " Bambocciate ", of which the most perfect example was 44 Lo Star- nuto di Ercole ". 44 The author, 44 writes Carlo Goldoni, 44 with the44 liveliness of his imagination sends Hercules to the land of the Pigmies.44 These little dwarfs, terrified at the sight of a live mountain with arms44 and legs, hide themselves away. One day when Hercules is stretched44 on the open ground and sleeping peacefully, the timid little inhabitants44 come out of their hiding places, and armed with rushes, spring upon44 the huge man and cover him from head to foot, just as flies do when44 they attack a piece of putrified meat. Hercules awakes, feels something44 on his nose and sneezes, whereupon the enemy disperse in all directions,44 and that is the end of the play. It contains design, plot, catastrophe,44 and accidents; the style is good and well maintained; the thoughts44 and feelings are all proportioned to the bodily size of the people;44 even the verses are short; everything is, in fact, in character with44 Pigmies. It became necessary to build a gigantic 44 burattino " for the " figure of Hercules, but the effect was good and the entertainment" gave great pleasure But, as was natural, Carlo Qoldonl did not continue long to representon the puppet theatre the plays of other authors. He wrote himself,and caused to be acted by marionettes, " La Cantatrice ", a smalf operetta,and then followed up his success with the more ambitious " Enea nelLazio '% 44Amorl di Alessandro Magno ",Pavola de' tre Qobbi ", BertoldoBerteldino e Cacasenno ", and " Finto principe He composed also an" Arcifanfano Re de' Matti "," Mondo della Luna ", " Buovo d'Antonaand " Talismano ", which remained in the possession of the Venetianmarionettes until the author reclaimed some of them and transformedthem into regular tragedies and dramas for tiie greater theatres. Eventhe Count Giovanni Giraud did not disdain to employ his talents onbehalf of burattinesque plays; from his collection of dramatic works wederive " Malvinuccia ossia la Bambina dl quattro annl ", a comic diver- sion intended for a few young noblemen to perform at their countryhouses with marionettes, and " il viagglo sull'asino dl Cassandrinosposo ". Some of the old " rappresentazloni sacre" of Giovan MariaCecchi, a Florentine, were also produced ;... " L'Acquisto di Giacobbeii Battesimo di Crlsto ", 44 il Flgliuol prodlgo "il Diogene and44 Fanny in London by Chlaro, and the four 44 Angellche "of Gamerra,44 lldegonda ", and " Carolina di Montalbano " by Roti, and similar dramasof Cicognini, " la Principessa Arsinda " by Testl, " Guerrin meschinoby Straccla, 44Achille in Troia " by Canocchi, " Genovleffa di Brabante "by Gasperi, and 44Belfegor " by some anonymous author, and all thefantastic creations of Gozzi. &amp;Then, when the conceptions of Goldon! were triumphant, and a newclass of comedies and dramas was delighting the cultured youth of theprincipal cities of Italy, the marionette theatre inherited the whole pa- trimony of the old spectacular productions in the possession of theleading comedians, who had become disciples of the new order; and Snaddition to that, all the old scenic properties, that had been discardedby the greater theatre, passed almost at once into the hands of theshowmen, who were carrying on the business of the little figuresof wood. &amp; Rustic and pastoral scenes, stories of noted assassins and greatcriminals, arranged for the theatre, popular farces, full of jests andslightly risky humour, fables, knightly and romantic stories, In whichthe marvellous was mixed with the ridiculous, fates, gennii, giants, pala- dins, tyrants and their mingling their voices, their bold defiances,4sighs and curses with the peculiar mode of speaking and all the usualknaveries of buffoons,.... all came under the dominion of the burattini,and drew around their frail and staggering " castelli " a great multitudeof merry and applauding people, heedless, and even restive, as to changesof either taste, habits or custom.The " maschere " driven away from the vaster stage, took refuge onthe rough and narrow one of "pupazzi ", and thus returned, after manyyears, to the dark and dusty place, In which they had been born. In every village, in every part of the country, a puppets' show wasset up; and served, in all places frequented by servants, soldiers andpeasants, as a point of assembly for a vast crowd, eager to be amusedaccording to the measure of their intelligence. And in the cities marionette theatres were constructed by the hundred ;children flocked to them for the pantomimes and dances, and commonpeople to laugh at the caricatures and parodies; even serious andeducated men,...fulfilling the prophecy of Quadrio,...condescended to passan hour with them, smiling and looking for allusions, reminiscences,memories and traditions of the days that were past.In Florence, near to the Loggia de' Lanzi; in Naples, on the LargeCastelfo and in the Toledo; in Milan, Venice, Bologna, Genoa and Turin,marionettes made sensation in the theatres,while "burattini" made fortuneon the public road. The most cultivated persons* and the mostcorrect in manners, were not above pushing their way into a crowdin order to witness* unobserved* the representations of fantoccini.In Rome* Leone Ailacci* the learned librarian at the Vatican* underAlessandro VII* author of the " Drammaturgia " and of many celebratedhistorical and theological works, could not do otherwise than go everyevening to the little theatre of the marionettes, and often, as he waspassing in the morning by San Lorenzo, he stopped in front of the" castello " of a burattinalo, forgetting the Library for the burattini. and his holiness Pope Afessandro for that rascal, Signor Pantalone. jS?jSf In Milan the burattini of the Piando theatre, even through the firsthalf of our century, rose to such celebrity, and were so thoroughly" alia nioda " that it would have been a disgrace for any foreigner toleave the city without having paid at least one visit to the temple of the44 Musa di legno ". jz?\A correspondant of the 44 Qlobe ", a French paper of repute, was con- strained to refer to them in the following terms :44 The body, arms' and head of those little figures move with so much44 grace and in such perfect accord with the sentiments expressed by44 the voice, that, except with regard to proportion, I might very well44 have thought that I was witnessing a performance by the actors of the44 Cornedie They presented that evening 44 Nabuccodonosor44 a classical tragedy, and a bright little 44 balletto called " Le deiizie" di Flora ". I wish that the 44 ballerini " and sylphs of the Opera, who44 are so proud of their beautiful legs, and of their smiling faces, could" take a lesson from these graceful personages of wood, who overcome44 with the most perfect ease, all the difficulties of choregraphic art ".jz? Signor Jal writes in the same sense of the Milanese marionettes inhis book, 44 De Paris a Naples j£?44 I witnessed a performance at the Fiando theatre of a romantic melodrama44 in six parts, 44 11 Principe Eugenio di Savoia aU'assedio di Temeswar44 and greatly enjoyed it. The 44 ballo " excited my utmost enthusiasm.44 It is amazing, the dancing of those wooden Perrots and Taglionis." it passes belief. Horizontal dance, lateral dance, vertical dance, all the44 dances in the world, all the flourishes of feet and legs, that are so44 much admired on the illustrious Paris stage, are to be seen at the" Fiando, improved and perfected. And when the 44 ballerina " has44 finished her part, and applause on all sides draws her to the front44 again, she comes forth from the wings, bows with touching manner,44 carries her little hand to her heart, throws kisses in all directions and44 does not withdraw until she has imitated in every respect the actions44 of her taller sisters in the artIn the same year the Burattini of Genoa represented in the theatre,44 delle Vigne ", 44 La presa d'Anversa, " while the marionettes of Turin performed at the 44 San Martiniano " " La Morte del Conte Ugolinothe privilege of keeping open all the year round, even during the peni- tential days of Lent. For an account of that '• pupazzi " theatre we haveone of the most brilliant writers in France, Enrico Beyle, better knownby the name of 44 Stendhal ", author of the " Storia defla pittura inItalia of 44 Passaggiate romane 44 La Chartreuse de Parme " and ofmany other critical and philosophical works that are immortal both fortheir keenness of perception and for their grace of style.44 It was nine o' clock in the evening,.,, writes Stendhal,... and on44 coming out of the magnificent 44 sale " of the Gaffe Rospoli, I entered44 the Fiano palace, at one of the doors of which stood an individual,44 crying with a loud voice, 44 Come forward, gentlemen, the performance44 will soon begin. I did not wait to be pressed, but secured the right44 of entrance by the payment of the paltry sum of half a 44 paolo ". The44 price had led me to fear there might be fleas and bad compapy, but44 I was soon reassured. My neighbours were the fattest and most pacific44 burgesses in Rome. Roman people are, perhaps, more appreciative of44 pointed and lively satire than any other people in Europe. Here thea- -44 trical censorship, political and ecclesiastical, is a hundred times more44 suspicious than it is in Paris. And it is precisely for that reason that44 comedies in the theatres are cold and insipid. Laughter has taken refuge44 with the burattini, who improvise a great deal and treat all censorship44 with indifference. 44 The 44 marionetta " in fashion is called Cassandrino. He is an ener- -44 getic old man, of about fifty five or sixty years of age, with slim and44 upright figure, powdered, polished and as lively as a Cardinal. Cassan- -44 drino is experienced in the ways of the world, and knows how to conduct44 a conversation, in fact he would have all the virtues, if it were not44 that he falls madly in love with all the women he meets. It is easy44 to understand that a person of that description naturally makes way44 in a country governed by an oligarchy of old bachelors, who exercise♦f full power. Cassandrino is a layman, but I dare wager that all the44 spectators invest him, although invisibly, with the red hat of his" Eminence, and the violet stockings of Monsignore. Rome is full of 44 Monsignori who resemble Cassandrino perfectly. The play that evening44 was 44 Cassandrino allievo d'un pittore "• A Roman artist, who has44 many pupils In his studio, has a very beautiful sister, young and good.44 Cassandrino introduces himself in the house on the plea of protecting♦4 the artist, makes the acquaintance of the girl and straightway fails in44 love with her: but not daring, on account of his age and position to•4 risk a declaration of love, turns the conversation to the subject of44 music and asks leave to sing a 44 cavatina 99 that he has heard at a con®44 cert. The 44 cavatina 99 was by Paesiello and was exquisitely sung behind44 the scenes by a girl of the company, the daughter of a cobbler. But44 while the old fellow Is trilling his song, the conference is interrupted44 by the arrival of the painter, who reproves his sister and puts Cassan- -44 drino outside the door for paying court to girls without being able to44 marry them. Whereat there was applause that shook the house. In the44 following act, the poor 44 innamorato full of eagerness to see his44 4 4 bella 99 again, reappears disguised as a young scholar with his hair44 dyed and faise moustache. This time the enterprising Cassandrino is44 caught, not by the brother, but by an aunt of the artist, an old fool,44 whom Cassandrino had known long ago at Ferrara, and who insists44 that she is married to him. After a series of amusing adventures he44 resigns himself to taking the old woman away with him as governess44 so that he may become in some way the uncle of the young lady }9.To the same author we are indebted for a description of some burat- tini he saw in the house of a rich merchant, where twenty four mario- nettes eight inches high, ...and so well made that they had cost a zecchfhoeach, gave a representation, in a theatre scarcely five feet wide, ofselections from 44 Mandragora " by Macchiavelli, and of some puppets inNaples who, in a private theatre, acted in some satirical and politicalplays, one of which was called 44 Si fara o no un Segretario dl Stato 99•But the most brilliant picture of Roman Marionettes is to be found ina book by Story, 44 Roba di Roma " in the 10th. chapter, wherein theauthor describes an evening spent by him, in company with certainfriends, at the Teatro Burattini in the Piazza Navona. Read some ofthose pages and you will laugh, (i) Thus, right up to our times, 44 Pulcinella " at Naples, 44 Qerolamo "at Milan, 44 Qianduia "at Turin, 44 Stentorello "at Florence,44 Brighelia "and 44 Arlecchino" at Venice, and the 44 Dottore " at Bologna havecontinued without interruption to keep the old 44 commedia dell'arte "alive in the hearts and minds of the people ; thus, during more thanthree hundred years of toil and labour, marionettes have maintained theirposition In the national theatre, have fought with the poisoned point ofsatire against all abuses, all prejudices, all acts of oppression, all religiousand political tyranny, and wrongs of every kind, whether literary, social,scientific or economical. They have defended Galileo against the Inqui- sition, Giordano Bruno against the holy office and Fra Paolo Sarpi againstthe thunders of the Vatican. They have attacked feudalism, intolerance,celibacy of priests* rigid class prejudices of Academies, Court intrigues,military pride and vain glory, and many other evils beside. JZ?&amp; The repertory of marionettes during the last three hundred yearswould shame that of the better prose, theatres, not, let it be understoodfor the value and gravity of production, but for the selection of argu- ments, and for the seasonable opportunity of the subjects put upon thestage. The parody of 44 Alcest" as an attempt at literary rebellion,44 Cassandrino ", as a shaft of courageous satire against the manners ofthe Roman Court, the celebrated 44 Viagglo a Civitavecchia ", to whichMercey referred in the 44 Revue des deux Mondes ", the 44 Pozzo incantato "quoted by Beyle, the 44 terribile Maino " mentioned by Bourquelot, andmany others, too numerous to be recorded, bear witness to the truth ofwhat I have said. But If any one desires to know more than it has beenpossible for me to tell within the narrow confines of this chapter, lethim turn to the writings of Jal in the 44 Globe ", of del Vlgner in 44 Mondedramatique ", of Peisse in the 44 Revue Britannique ", of Beyle in the44 New Monthly Magazine and of the abbot Du Bos, who in his greatwork, 44 Reflexions sur la poesie de la peinture ", relates that an illus- strious cardinal had an elegant little theatre erected in his house,44 perfar cantare dalle marionette " all the operas of Rossini. -*£? jzf To be continued. (i) P. Ferrigfii. TRANSLA T I O N S.(i) 0h,.... how I admire the Imitative art by which, with strange andunaccustomed method, the wood is moved and the figure hangs motion- less from it NOTES.(1) " Masques et bouffons Vol: I, page 30, Vol: II page 313. &amp;(2) Histoire des Marionettes. Book 111 chap: 2 page 75. NO T E S.(1) Riccoboni. Histoire du Th&amp;ltre. &lt;£?£?£?&amp;&amp; (1) See page 323 ROMAN PUPPETS by W. Story. *Jphe love for the acting of burattini, or puppets, is universal among thelower classes throughout Italy, and in some cities, especially in Genoa,no pains are spared in their costume, construction, and movement, torender them life-like. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; n°t allow yourself to suppose that there is anything ludicrousto the audience In the performances of these wooden burattini. Nothing,on the contrary, is more serious. No human being could be so serious.Their countenances are solemn as death and more unchanging than theface of a clock. Their terrible gravity when, with drooping heads andcollapsed arms, they fix on you their great goggle eyes is at timesghastly. They never descend into the regions of conscious farce. Theplays they perform are mostly heroic, romantic and historical. Theystoop to nothing which is not startling in incident, imposing in styleand grandiose in movement. The wars of the Paladins, the heroicadventures of knights and ladies of romance, the tragedies of the middleages, the prodigies of the melodramatic world, are within their specialprovince. The heroes that tread the " fantoccini " stage are doughtywarriors, who perform impossible feats of prowess, slay armies with asingle arm, rescue Injured damsels, express themselves in loud andboastful language, utter exalted sentiments, and are equally admirablein love and war. No worthy " iantoccino " shrinks before an army, orleaves the boards of battle till it is covered with the corpses of hisenemies. ■£? The audience listen with grave and profound Interest. To them theactors are not " fantoccini " but heroes. Their inflated aad extravagantdiscourse Is simply grand and noble. They are the mighty x which re.presents the unknown quantity of boasting which potentially exists inthe bosom of every one. Do not laugh when you enter* or the generallook of surprise and annoyance will at once recall you to the proprietiesof the occasion. You might as well laugh in a church.^There are two performances, or camerate, every evening; one com- mencing at Ave Maria and the other at ten o' clock. We arrived at thetheatre just too late for the first. " What is that great noise of drums inside " asked we. 44 Battaglie " said the ticket seller. 44 Shall we see abattle in the next piece ? " 44 E sempre battaglie ", always battle, wasthe reproving answer. Outside were two hand-carts; one with refresh- ments of sorbetti or 44 pappine" at one baiocco the glass; and theother filled with oblong slabs of hard stony gingerbread and 44 bruscolini "or pumpkin seeds salted and cooked in a furnace. The bill pasted outside informed us that the burattini were to playto-night, 44 La grandlosa opera intitolata il Bellsario, ossla le avventuredi Oreste, Ersilia, Palsierone, Selinguerro ed II terrlbil Gobbo ". Pricesin the 44 platea ", two baiocchi; in the loggiata, three balocchi. Privateboxes are also to be obtained for five baiocchi the seat; and some ofmy female friends having taken a box one night, were received by theaudience on their entrance with loud cheers. We, however, only allowedourselves the luxury of a loggiata seat.^The 44 grandiosa opera " of Belisario did not belle the general characterof Fantoccini plays. It was 44 sempre battaglia. " The scene when weentered was between two puppets, both dressed in armour, speaking intremendous voices, and flourishing gigantic swords. One was a child-Fantoccino, the other probably Selinguerra.jg/ Each 44 Fantoccino " when it spoke went into a sudden convulsionas if it were attacked by a fit of St. Vitus's dance, while the sword seemedanimated with spasmodic life, and thrashed to and fro in the air withutter disregard to the warrior's anatomy, which it constantly andpainfully dislocated with every movement. But no sooner had he ceasedspeaking than his arms fell into a helpless collapse, his head droppeddrunkenly forward, or remained fixed in a dislocation glaring at nothing,and with his sword stiffly pointing up to the ceiling, and his legs hangingin the air or huddled under him, so as to leave him quite out of balance,he awaited impotently the answer of his opponent. JE? &amp;It was a violent dispute that was taking place between the youth andSelinguerra and his lieutenant, who were threatening to destroy thecastle of the 44 terribil Gobbo ". These doughty warriors were a coupleof Inches at least above the floor, which they never descended or con- descended to touch save byway of emphasis, when down they came ontheir heels with a sharp wooden rap, and then jerked suddenly up again. The dispute was tremendous. They launched at each other, in loud voices,terrible threats and challenges. Selinguerra was especially ferocious, and44 Chi sei tu che osa " he cried to the youth ; but the latter not to beoutdone in boasting and fury, exclaimed, 44 Tremaj che son II figlio delterribi! Gobbo ", and then collapsed in silence 44 Ah, Ah, " with a roarresponded his opponent, 44 male hai fatto a palesarlo non posso piucontere il mio immense furor, Prepara a morir ", But the youth nowshowed himself the true son of the terrible Gobbo. He roused from thecollapse in which he had fallen and jerked his head and limbs, flung outwildly one leg and waved a challenge In the name of St. Vitus. Nowensued a terrible encounter. Selinguerra, backed by his lieutenant, at&gt;tacked the heroic son of the Gobbo, and all three rising higher from thefloor in their excitement, dashed promiscuously together, clashing theirswords furiously, and swinging backwards and forwards half thelength of the stage, while their helpless legs beat to and fro inthe air. £? &amp;£? All the while a drum behind the scenes was 44 rolling rapidly ". Itwas encouraging to see how bravely the son of Gobbo held his own.Despite the terrible blows he received on his head, each of which wouldhave done for ever a. mere 44 personaggio ", and the excited efforts hemade with his arms and legs, he never changed, but on his countenancemight still be seen the same calm supernatural glare, the same unwin«king eyes. AH seemed over with him, when suddenly in burst the44 terribil Gobbo " himself, In complete steel, and striking the floor witha succession of bold knocks, and waving with convulsive jerks his sword,brought help at the most opportune moment. At first it was Selinguerraand hi 3 lieutenant who opposed him, but he soon made minced meat ofthem, and then the whole army, spasmodically hopping and staggeringsideways to the rescue of their captain, attacked the Gobbo alto=gether. &amp;It is useless further to follow the doings on this occasion. WhatBelisario had to do with this 44 grandiosa opera " besides giving it hisname, I did not plainly see, as he never made his appearance on the stage.But of all the feats of the 44 Fantoccini ", nothing can be comparedto their acting in the ballet. If the pantomime by actual 44 personaggi " be extraordinary, imagine what it is when performed by puppets whoseevery motion is effected by wires, who imitate the gestures of despairwith hands that cannot shut, and, with a wooden gravity of countenance,throw their bodies into terrible contortions to make up for the lack ofexpression in the face.But if possible their dancing is even superior to their pantomime.When the wooden-headed court, almost as solemn and stiff as a real one,have seated themselves on one side of the stage, and the corps de ballethas advanced and retreated in steady platoons, and retired and opened justlike the real thing...ln with a tremendous leap, suddenly drops the primaballerina, knocks her wooden knees together, and jerking her head about,salutes the audience with a smile quite as artificial as we could see inthe best trained of her fleshly rivals. Then with a masterly ease, afterdescribing air circles with her toes far higher than her head, and poisingherself in impossible positions, she bounds, or rather flies forward withsuperhuman lightness, perforins feats of choreography to awaken envyin Cerito and drive Ellsler to despair, and pausing on her pointed toethat disdains to touch the floor, turns never-ending pirouettes onnothing at all, till at last, throwing both her wooden hands forwardshe suddenly comes to a stiff stop to receive your applause. This is thevery apotheosis of ballet dancing. us?Unhampered with the difficulties that encumber her mortal sister,she performs what the living creature can only attempt, and surpassesher as the ideal surpasses the actual. &amp; &amp;When we see her with her permanent smile and breast that neverpants, we are not haunted by the notion of those sad hours of practis- ing in the gloomy theatrical day, when the splendid clouds of tulle andthe stereotype smile give way to shabby petticoats and twitching face,and her ear is saluted by the criticism of the master instead of theapplause of the audience. Ah no, the Fantoccina leaps perfect into herart from the hands of her maker, dreams her day away smiliing just thesame in her box as on the stage, is never harassed by want of food andfamily cares, is troubled by no jealousies, pricked by no vain ambition*haunted by no remorses, ruined by no failures, but without envy, sorrow,-hunger or fear of old age, keeps perennial youth, and a perpetual smile. (ij The writer is speaking of the Teatro Emiliano. THE HOUR GLASS A PREFACE TO THE NEW VERSION. by W. B. Yeats. W. B. Yeats. took the plot of "The Hour Glass" from an Irish PolkTale but tried to put my own philosophy into the words.An action on the stage, however, Is so much strongerthan a word that when the Wise Man abused himselfbefore the Fool I was always ashamed. My own tilean =■ings had vanished and I saw before me a cowardlyperson who seemed to cry out " the wisdom of thisworld is foolishness " and to understand the words notas may a scholar and a gentleman but as do ignorantpreachers. J&amp; &amp; I began a revision of the words from the moment when the playconverted a music hall singer and sent him to mass and to confession ;but no revision of words could change the effect of the Wise Man downon his knees before the Fool; so last year I changed action and all. £/I made a new play of it and when I had finished, discovered how Imight have taken the offence out of the old by a change of action soslight that a reader would hardly have noticed if. I shall let " our se- cond company " go on playing the old version thus amended in Irishprovincial towns but think the new one better for myself and my friends. THE HOUR GLASS SCENE: THE WISE MAN'S house. An Hour-glass on a stand anda big chair with a great book on a desk before it.(ENTER PUPILS) He said we might choose the subject for the lesson.There is none of us wise enough to do that.It would need a great deal of wisdom to know what wewant to know.I will question him.You ?Last night I dreamt that someone came and told me to question hlra. I was to say to him, you were wrongto say there is no God and no 50u1.... maybe, If there isnot much of either, there is yet some tatters, some tagon the wind, some rag.... so to speak of divinity, somebob-tail of a god ". 1 will argue with him*... nonsensethough it be.... according to my dream, and you will seehow well I can argue, and what thoughts I have.I'd as soon listen to dried peas in a bladder, as listento your thoughts.{FOOL comes in)Give me a penny.Let us choose a subject by chance. Here is his big book.Let us turn over the pages slowly, let one of us put downhis finger without looking, the passage his finger lightson will be the subject for the lesson.Give me a penny.(taking up book) How heavy it is.Spread it on Teigue's back, and then we can all standround and see the choice,Make him spread out his arms.Down on your knees. Hunch up your back. Spread yourarms out now, and look like a golden eagle in a church.Keep still, keep still.Give me a penny.Is that the right cry for an eagle cock ?I'll turn the pages.... you close your eyes and put yourfinger down.That's it, and then he cannot blame us for the choice.There, 1 have choosen. Fool, keep 5ti11.... and if what'swise is strange and sounds like nonsense, we've made agood choice.Here is the master coming.Will anybody give a penny to a fool ?(WISE MAN comes in)iWe have chosen the passage for the lesson, Master. " There are two living countries, one visible and one in*visible, and when it is summer there, it is winter here,and when it is November with us, it is lamblng*timethere. "That passage, that passage ; what mischief has there beensince yesterday ?None, Master.Oh, yes, there has; some craziness has fallen from thewind, or rises from the graves of old men, and made youchoose that subject, (he goes to desk)I knew that it was folly, but they would have it.Had we not better say we picked it by chance ?No, he would say we were children still.1 have found a sentence under that one, that says.... asthough to show it had a hidden meaning a beggarwrote it upon the walls of Babylon.Then find some beggar and ask him what it means, forI will have nothing to do with it.Come, Teigue, what is the old book's meaning when itsays that there are sheep that drop their iambs in No*vember ?To be sure.... everybody knows, everybody in the worldknows, when it is Spring with us, the trees are witheringthere, when it is summer with us, *the snow is fallingthere, and have 1 not myself heard the lambs that arethere all bleating on a cold November day.... to be sure,does not everybody with an intellect know that; andmaybe when it's night with us, it is day with them, formany a time I have seen the roads lighted before me.The beggar who wrote that on Babylon wall meant thatthere is a spiritual kingdom that cannot be seen or knowntill the faculties whereby we master the kingdom of thisworld wither away, like green things in winter. A monk*ish thought, the most mischievous thought that everpassed out of a man's mouth. If he meant all that, I will take an oath that he wasspindle-shanked, and cross-eyed, and had a lousy itchingshoulder, and that his heart was crosser than his eyes,and that he wrote it out of malice.Let's come away and find a better subject.And maybe now you'll let me choose.Come.Were It but true t'would alter everything.Until the stream of the world had changed it course,And that and all out thoughts had runInto some cloudy thunderous spring.They dream to be its source....Aye, to some frenzy of the mind,Till all that we have done's, undoneOur speculative wind,I have dreamed it twice.Something has troubled him.(PUPILS go out)Twice have 1 dreamed it in a morning dream,Now nothing serves niy pupils but to comeWith a like thought. Reason is growing dim.A moment more and Frenzy will beat his drumAnd laugh aloud and scream.And I must dance in the dream,No, no, but it is like a hawk, a hawk of the air,It has swooped down... and this swoop makes the third...And what can I, but tremble like a bird ?Give me a penny.That I should dream it twice, and after that,That they should pick it out.Won't you give me a penny ?What do you want ? What can it matter to you whetherthe words I am reading, are wisdom or sheer folly ?Such a great wise teacher will not refuse a penny to afool. Seeing that everybody is a fool when he is asleep anddreaming, why do you call me wise ?0, I know, ... I know. I know what I have seen.Well, to see rightly is the whole of wisdom, whateverdream be with us.When 1 went by Kilcluan, where the bells used to beringing at the break of every day, 1 could hear nothingbut the people snoring in their houses. When I went byTubbervanach, where the young men used to be climbingthe hill to the blessed well, they were sitting at thecrossroads playing cards. When I went by Carrigoras,where the friars used to be fasting and serving the poor,I saw them drinking wine and obeying their wives. Andwhen 1 asked what misfortune had brought all thesechanges, they said it was no misfortune, but that it wasthe wisdom they had learned from your teaching.And you too have called me wise .... you would be paidfor that good opinion doubtless .... Run to the kitchen,my wife will give you food and drink.That's foolish advice for a wise man to give.Why, Fool ?What is eaten is g0ne...1 want pennies for my bag. I mustbuy bacon in the shops, and nuts in the market, andstrong drink for the time the sun is weak, and snaresto catch the rabbits, and the hares, and a big pot tocook them in.1 have more to think about tfian giving pennies to yourlike, so run away.Give me a penny and I will bring you luck. The fishermenlet me sleep among their nets in the loft because 1 bringluck, and in the summer time, the wild creatureslet me sleep near their nests and their holes. It is luckyeven to look at me, but it is much more lucky to giveme a penny. If 1 was not lucky I would starve.What are the shears for ? I won't tell you. If I told you, you would drive themaway.Drive them away, who would I drive away ?I won't tell you.Not if I give you a penny?No.Not if I give you two pennies ?You will be very lucky if you give me two pennies, butI won't tell you.Three pennies ?Four, and I will tell you.Very well ... four, but from this out I will not call you,Teigue the Fool.Let me come close to you, where nobody will hear me,but first you must promise not to drive them away.(WISEMAN nods) Every day men go out dressed inblack and spread great black nets over the hills, greatblack nets.A strange place that to fish in.They spread them out on the hills that they may catchthe feet of the angels ; but every morning just before thedawn, I go out and cut the nets with the shears and theangels fly away.(speaking with some excitement) Ah, now I know thatyou "are Teigue the Fool. You say that I am wise, and yeti say, there are no angels.I have seen plenty of angels.No, no, you have not.They are plenty if you but look about you, they arelike the blades of grass.They are plenty as the blades of grass .... I heard thatphrase when I was but a child and was told folly.When one gets quiet. When one is so quiet that thereis not a thought in one's head maybe, there is somethingthat wakes up inside one, something happy and quiet, and then all in a minute one can smell summer flowers,and tall people go by, happy and laughing, but they willnot let us look at their faces. Oh, no, it is not right thatwe should look at their faces.4ftYou have fallen asleep upon a hill, yet, even thosethat used to dream of angels dream now of otherthings.1 saw one but a moment ago... that is because I am lucky.It was coming behind me, but it was not laughing.There's nothing but what men can see when they areawake. Nothing, nothing.1 knew you would drive them away.Pardon me, Pool,I had forgotten who I spoke to.Well, there are your four pennies ... Pool,you are calledAnd all day long they cry, " come hither, Fool.{FOOL goes close to him)Or else it's, "Fool, be gone " {FOOL goes further off)Or, " Fool, stand there " {FOOL straightens himself)Or, " Fool, go sit in the corner '' (FOOL sits in corner)And all the whileWhat were they all but fools before 1 came.What are they now, but mirrors that seem men.Because of my image. Fool, hold up your head. (FOOLdoes so)What foolish stories they have told of the ghostsThat fumbled with the clothes upon the bed,Or creaked and shuffled in the corridor,Or else, If they were pious bred,Of angels from the skies,That came through a man's door,Or, it maybe, standing there,Would solidly out stareThe steadiest eyes with their unnatural eyes,Aye, even on his own floor. (ANGEL has come in) Yet it is strange, the strangest thing I have known,That I should still be haunted by the notionThat there's a crisis of the soul whereinWe get new sight, and how if when it comesThey have some craft to turn it into frenzy.Why do you put your finger to your iips,And creep away ? (FOOL goes out)( WISE MAN sees ANGEL) What are you ? Who are you ?I think I saw some like you in my dreams,When but a child. That thing about your head,That brightness in your hair .... that flowery branch ....But I have done with dreams ... I have done with dreams.I am the crafty one that you have called.How that I called ?I am the messenger.What message could you bring to one like me ?That you will die when the last grain of sandHas fallen through this glass.I have a wife,Children and pupils that 1 cannot leave,Why must I die, my time is far away ?You are to die because no soul has passedThe heavenly threshold since you have opened school.But grass grows there, and rust upon the hinge ;And they are lonely that must keep the watch.And whither shall I go when I am dead ?You have denied the purgatorial fireTherefore that gate is closed ; you have dentedThat there's a heaven, and that gate is closed.Where then ? 1 have denied there is a hell.Hell is the place of those who have denied,They find there what they planted and what dug,A lake of spaces, and a wood of nothing,And wander there and drift and never cease, Wailing for substance.Pardon me, blessed Angel,I have denied and taught the like to others.Believing nothing but what sense has taught,And the mind's abstract.It is too late for pardon.Mad I but seen your face as now 1 see it,But how can you...that live but where we go,In the uncertainty of dizzy dreams...Know why we doubt. Parting, disease and death,The rotting of the grass, tempest and drouth,These are the messengers that came to me.Why are you silent ? You carry in your hands,God's pardon, and you will not give it me,Why are you silent? Were I not afraid,I'd kiss your hands, no, no, the hem of your dress*Only when all the world has testified,May soul confound it, crying out in joy.What's dearth and death and sickness to the soul.That knows no virtue but itself, nor could It,So trembling with delight and mother naked,Live unabashed if the arguing world stood by.It is so hard for you to understandWhy we have doubted,-as it is for usTo put our doubts away... what have 1 said,There can be nothing that you do n,ot know,Give me a year... a month ... a week... a day,I would undo what I have done ...an hour...Give me until the sand has run in the glass.Though you may not undo what you have done,I have this power... if you but find one soul,That still believes that it shall never cease,One fish to lie and spawn among the stonesTill the great fisher's net is full again,You may, the purgatorial fire being passed, Spring to your peace.(sing in the distance) Who stole your wits awayAnd where are they gone ? "My pupils come,Before you have begun to climb the sky1 shall have found belief... they say they doubt,But what their mothers dinned into their earsHas not been broken down... 1 have long thought it,Besides, 3 can disprove what 1 once proved,And yet give me some thought, some argument,More mighty than my own.Farewell ... farewell,For 1 am weary of the weight of time.{ANGEL goes out, MAN makes aStep to follow and pauses. PUPILScome in at other side.)Master, Master, you must choose the subject.(ENTER other PUPILS with FOOL, aboutwhom they dance.)Here is a subject.... where have the Fool's wits gone?(Singing) " Who dragged your wits awayWhere no one knows ?Or have they run offOn their own pairs of shoes?"Give me a penny.The Master will find your wits.And when they are found, you must not beg for penniesThey are hidden somewhere in the badger's hole,But you must carry an old candle end,If you would find them.They are up above the clouds.Give me a penny, give me a penny, Teigue.(singing) 44 I'll find your wits again,Come, for 1 saw them roll,To where old badger mumbles In the black hole.(singing) " No, but an angel stole themThe night that you were born,And now they are but a rag,On the moon's horn.Be silent.Can you not see that he is troubled ?What do you think of when alone at night?Do not the things your mothers spoke aboutBefore they took the candle from the bedside,Rush up into the mind and master it,Till you believe in them against your will?(to Ist PUPIL) You answer for us.(in a whisper) Be careful what you say.If he persuades you to an argumentHe will make a mock of you and us.You have made our minds,Our bodies only, were our mothers' work.No, no,You answer with incredible things. It Is certainThat there is 0ne,... though it may be but one...Believes in God and in some heaven and hell.In all those things we put into our prayers.We thought those things before our minds were bornBut that was long ago... we are not children.You are afraid to tell me what you thinkBecause 1 am hot and angry when 1 am crossed,1 do not blame you for it, but have no fear,♦For if there is one that sat on smilling thereAs though my arguments were sweet as milkYet found them bitter, 1 will thank him for it,If he but speak his mind.There is no one Master,There is not one but found them sweet as milk.The things that have been told us in our childhood Are not so fragile. We are no longer children.We all believe in you and in what you have taught.*Ail, ali, all, aii, in you, nothing but you.I have deceived you ... where shall I go for words,I have not thoughts... my mind has been swept bare.The messengers that stand in the fiery cloud,Fling themselves out, if we but dare to question,And after that, the Babylonian moon,Blots all away.(to other PUPILS) 1 take his words to meanThat visionaries, and martyrs when they are raisedAbove translunary things, and there enlightened,As the contention is, may lose the light.And blunder in their speech when the eyes open.How well he imitates their trick of speech.Their air of mystery,Their empty gaze,As though they'd looked upon some winged thing,And would not condescend to mankind after.Master, we have all learnt that truth is learntWhen the intellect's deliberate and cold,As it were a polished mirror that reflectsAn unchanged world ; and not when the steel melts,Bubbling and hissing, till there's naught but fume.When it is melted, when it all fumes up,They walk, as when beside those three in the furnaceThe form of the fourth.Master, there's none among usThat has not heard your mockery of these,Or thoughts like these, and we have not forgot.Something incredible has happened ... someone has come,Suddenly like a grey hawk out of the air,And al! that I declared untrue is true.(toother PUPILS) You'd think the way he says it, that he felt it,There's not a mummer to compare with him,He's something like a man.Give us some proof.What proof have 1 to give, but that an angelAn instant ago was standing on that spot.You dreamed it, Master,I was awake as I am now.I may be dreaming now for all I know. He wants to show we have no certain proof Of anything in the world.There is this proof,That shows we are awake ... we have all one worldWhile every dreamer has a world of his own,And sees what no one else can.Teigue sees angels.So when the Master says he has seen an angel,He may have seen one.Both may still be dreamers.Unless it's proved the angels were alike.What sort are the angels, Teigue ?That will prove nothing.For all we know, prolonged obedienceHas made one angel like another angel,As they were eggs.The Master's silent now:For he has found that to dispute with us...Seeing that he has taught us what we know...Is but to reason with himself. Let us away,And find if there is one believer left.Yes, yes. Find me but one that still believesThe things that we were told when we were children.Our Master'll mock and maul him.From the firstI knew he'd have us find some disputant. {THEY go)I have no reason left, all dark, all dark.{PUPILS return laughing. They push{forward 4th PUPIL)Here, Master, is the very man yon want.He said, when we were studying the book,That maybe after all the monks were right.And you mistaken, and if we but gave him time,He'd prove that it was so.! never said it.Dear Friend, dear Friend, do you believe in God ?Master, they have invented this to mock me.You are afraid of me.They know well, Master.That ail I said was but to make them argue.They've pushed me in to make a mock of me,Because they knew I could take either side,And beat them at it.If you believe in God,You are my soul's one friend. {PUPILS laugh)Mistress or wife,Can give us but our good or evil luck,Amid the howling world, but you shall giveEternity... and those sweet throated thingsThat drift above the moon. {PUPILS are silent)How strange he is.The angel that stood there upon that spot,Said that my soul was lost unless I found,...Before the sands in the hour-glass had run out...One that believed.Cease mocking at me, Master.I am so certain that there Is no God,I'll curse him if you will, and after curseThe soul that has been made after his image ...If but their lies were true. Will that convince you That I have set my heart on what you teach ?The giddy glass is emptier every moment,And you stand there, debating, laughing and wrangling.Out of my sight! Out of my sight, I say.(HE drives them out)I'll call my wife, for what can women do,That carry us in the darkness of their bodies,But mock the reason that lets nothing growUnless it grow in Sight. Bridget, Bridget,Say what we wi11... Bridget, come quickly, Bridget.(BRIDGET comes in wearing her apron.Her sleeves turned up from herfloury arms)Wire, what do you believe in ? Teli the truth,And not... as Is the habit with you a11...Something you think will please me. Do you praySometimes when you're alone in the house, do you pray ?Prayers... no, you taught me to leave them off long ago.At first I was sorry, but I am glad now, for I. am sleepyin the evenings.Do you believe in God ?Oh, a good wife oniy believes in what her husband tells her.But sometimes, when the children are asleep,And 1 am in the school, do you not thinkAbout the Martyrs and the saints and angels,And all the things that you believed in once ?I think about nothing... sometimes 1 wonder if the linenis bleaching white, or I go out to see if the crows arepicking up the chickens' food.My God... my God! 1 will go out myself.My pupils said that they would find a manThat had the old belief... they may have found him.Therefore I will go out... but if I goThe glass will let the sands run out unseen.1 cannot go ... 1 cannot leave the glass. Go call my pupils...! can explain all now,Only when all our hold on life is shaken,Only in spiritual terror can the TruthCome through the broken mind ... as the pease burstOut of a broken pease=cod.{He clutches BRIDGET as she )Say to them,That nature would lack all in her most need,Could not the sou! find truth as in a flash,Upon the battle field or In the midstOf overwhelming waves, and say to them ...But no, they would but answer as 1 bid.You want somebody to get up an argument with.Look out and see if there is anyoneThere In the street...! cannot leave the glass,For somebody might shake it, and the sandIf it were shaken might run down on the instant.I don't understand a word you are saying. There's a crowdof people talking to your pupils.Go out and find if they have found a manWho did not understand me when 1 taught,Or did not listen.It Is a hard thing to be married to a man of learningtiiat must always be having arguments. Children, don'tbe meddling with the bread while 1 am out. (Shegoes out)Strange that 1 should be blind to the great secret,And that so simple a man might write it outUpon a blade of grass or bit of rushWith naught but berry juice, and laugh to himselfWriting it out, because it was so simple.(ENTER FOOL and BRIDGET)Give me something; give me a penny to buy bacon inthe shops and nuts in the market, and strong drink forthe time when the sun is weak. 1 have no pennies. (to WISE Your pupils cannotfind anybody to argue with you. There's nobody in thewhole country with belief enough for a lover's oath.Can't you be quiet now, and not always wanting to havearguments. It must be terrible to have a mind likethat.Then I am lost indeed.Leave me alone now, S have to make the bread for youand the children. (SHE goes into kitchen)Children, children !Your father wants you, run to him.(CHILDREN run in)Come to me, children. Do not be afraid.I want to know If you believe in Heaven,God or the soul.;. no, do not tell me yet,You need not be afraid 1 shall be angry,Say what you please... so that it is your thought...1 wanted you to know before you spoke,That 1 shall not be angry,We have not forgotten, Father. Oh, no, Father(as if repeating a lesson) There is nothing we cannot see, nothing we cannot touch.Foolish people used to say that there was, but you havetaught us better.Go to your mother, g0... yet do not goFor she can teach you nothing. If I am dumbYou shall be lost among tiie woods of nothing,And 1 because the sands are running outHave but a moment to show it all in. ChildrenThe sap would die out of the blades of grassHad they a doubt. They understand it all,Being the fingers of God's certainty,Yet can but make their sign into the air.But could they find their tongues .... they'd show it all But what am I to say that am but one,When they are minions and they will not speak.('CHILDREN have run out)But they are gone; what made them run away?{TheFOOL comes in with a dandelion)Look at me, tell me if my face Is changed,Is there a notch of the fiend's nail upon itAlready ? Is it terrible to sight ?Because the moment's near. {Going to glass)1 dare not look,1 dare not know the moment when they comeTo carry me away, {covers glass) Will there be a foot fallOr will there be a sort of tearing sound,Or else a cracking, as though an iron clawHad gripped the threshold stone.{FOOL has begun to blow the dandelion)What are you doing ?Wait a minute ... four ... five ... six ...What are you doing that for?1 am blowing the dandelion to find out what hour it is.You have heard everything, and that is whyYou'd find what hour it is ... you'd find that out,That you may look upon a fleet of devilsDragging my soul away. You shall not stop,! will have no one here when they come In,1 will have no one sitting there ... no one ...And yet ....and yet.... there is something strange aboutyou.Are you the one 1 seek ? Do you believeIn God and the sou!, In the undying stuffThat all things have been made of from the first ?So you ask me now. i thought when you were asking yourpupils, " will he ask, Teigue the FooS. Yes, he will, hewill, no, he will not... yes he will." But Teigue will saynothing. Teigue will say nothing. Tell me quickly.I said, "Teigue knows everything, not even the green=eyed cats and the hares that milk the cows have Teigue'swisdom " but, Teigue will not speak, he says nothing.Speak, speak, for underneath the cover thereThe sand is running from the upper glass,And when the last grain's through, 1 shall be lostUnless 1 have lit upon unshaken faithSomewhere In somebody.I will not speak. ! will not tell you what Is in my mind.1 wiS! not teil you what is in my bag. You might stealaway my thoughts. I met a bodach on the road yesterday,and he said, " Teigue, tell me how many pennies are in yourbag; ! will wager three pennies that there are not twentypennies in your bag; let me put In my hand and countthem. " But I gripped the bag the tighter and when 1go to sleep at night, I hide the bag where nobody knows.There's but one pinch of sand ~. and i am lostIf you are not he 1 seek.O, what a Sot the Fool knows, but he says nothing.{seizing him) I kneel to you ... you are the man I havesought. You alone can save me.No, no, what should poor Teigue know, Teigue that is outin ail weathers, Teigue that sleeps in the fishers' loft, poorTeigue the Fool. (HE breaks away and goes out)The last hope is gone.And now that it's too late I see it ail,We perish into God and sink awayInto reality... the rest's a dream.{coming back on tip-toe and peering undercover of Hour-glass and singing in a low voice)" I hear the wind a=b!ow,And the grass a=growAnd ai! that I know, 1 know, "i know what fixed the station Of star and cloud.And knowing all, I cry,That what so God has willed,On the instant he fulfilled,Though that be my damnation.The stream of the world has changed its courseAnd with the stream my thoughts have run,Into some cloudy thunderous springThat is its mountain source.Aye, to some frenzy of the mind,For all we have done's undoneOur speculation wind. (He )Wise man.... Wise man, wake up and I will tell youeverything for a penny, if is I, poor Teigue the Foolthat you were looking for. i am the man you were tofind before the sand ran out... the man who believes inGod. Why don't you wake up and say, There is a pennyfor you, Teigue. " No, no, you will say nothing. You and1, we are the two fools, we know everything, but wewill not speak.ANGEL ENTERS holding casket0, look what has come from his mouth ! O, look whathas come from his hands... the white butterfly. He isdead and I have taken his sou! In my hands; but 1 knowwhy you open the lid of that golden box. 1 must give itto you. There then, (HEput butterfly in casket) He hasgone through his pains, and you will open the lid in theGarden of Paradise. (HEcloses curtain) He is gone, heis gone, he is gone, but come in everybody in the worldand look at me." I hear the wind a-blowi hear the grass a«=grow,And ail that I know, 1 know. "But 1 will not speak, I will run away. (HE goes out)THE END. Ist PUPIL. and PUPIL. 3nd PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. 5th PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. FOOL, and PUPIL. FOOL. 3rd PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. and PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. FOOL. 3rd PUPIL. 2nd PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. sth PUPIL. FOOL. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. 4th PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. 2nd PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. 4th PUPIL. FOOL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. and PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. WISE MAN. ANGEL. PUPILS. WISE MAN. ANQEL. Ist PUPIL. 2nd PUPIL. FOOL. Ist PUPIL. 2nd PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. FOOL. Ist PUPIL. and PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. and PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. 2nd PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. OTHER PUPILS. WISE MAN, Ist PUPIL. 2nd PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. Ist.PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. and PUPIL. WISE MAN. 3rd PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. {to the OTHERS) and PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. and PUPIL. 3rd PUPIL. Ist PUPIL. WISE MAN. 3rd PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. WISE MAN. Ist PUPIL. 4th PUPIL. WISE MAN. 4th PUPIL. WISE MAN. 4th PUPtL. WISE MAN. 2nd PUPIL. WISE MAN. 4th PUPIL. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. POOL. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. BRIDGET. WISE MAN. FIRST CHILD. SECOND CHILD. BOTH CHILDREN. FIRST CHILD. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. FOOL. WISE MAN. POOL. WISE MAN. POOL. WISE MAN. FOOL- WISE MAN. FOOL. THE WEBB JUVENILE DRAMA by H.E. Francis Eagle. /I rnong the many publishers of Juvenile Drama and Theatrical Prints...their number has exceeded thirty.... William George Webb was Inmany ways one of the most interesting. Born at Ripley, Surrey, in theyear 1819.... the posthumous son of a prosperous London Wool Merchant...at the age of fourteen he was bound apprentice for seven years;''without wages, but with board lodging and washing".... as theqnaintly worded old document reads.... to another Juvenile DramaPublisher, Mr. A. Park, who then had a printing office in Leonard Street,Fins bury, London.&amp; W. G. Webb was the only publisher of these prints who served anapprenticeship to the trade, and he sketched, engraved and printed hismaster's work. Later on, when he went into business on his own accountat Bermondsey Street Borough he was the only member of the trade whocombined these three capacities, as artist etcher, printer and publisherof his own Theatrical Portraits and characters and scenes for theMiniature plays. &amp; &amp; &amp;In the trade 56 years altogether, W. G. Webb was the doyen of theJuvenile Drama publishers.... only two of whom sketched and engraved the work they issued, one Park, before mentioned, and the other hisclever apprentice Webb who died in January 1889. &amp; &amp;The Plays produced by W. G. Webb are second to none in Artistryand Craftsmanship and are of particular interest to this generation,inasmuch as they illustrate for us some of the fashions, fads and events,during part of the Victorian Era,.... as portrayed on the Stage.... thatvivid mirror of the day, and were the last work of any importance issuedin the Juvenile Drama. &amp; JZ? JZ?The earlier work of Webb was contemporary with the later publi- cations of Skelt, Park, Fairburn and Green, indeed some of Skelt's playswere sketched and engraved, by Webb. This shows that R. L. Stevensonin his memoir " A Penny Plain and Twopence Coloured " gives Skeitgreat praise for work that was not the production of his brain or hands :and with great injustice says: "It may be different with the rose, butthe attraction of this paper drama sensibly declined when Webb hadcrept into the rubric: a poor cuckoo, flaunting in Skelt's nest." Thisarticle, when originally pubiished, was illustrated with fifteen reproduc- tions of prints, ascribed by Stevenson to Skelt, as a fact, fourteen ofthese are taken from original etchings by Webb... the fifteenth, a cavernscene from the " Miller and his Men " was the only Skelt print repro- duced. Skelt... a prolific publisher... was neither artist or engraver.Originally a shoemaker, he had his shop window filled with prints issuedby the earlier publishers of plays, and, finding this side line more pro- fitable... we may assume.... than shoemaking and mending, drifted into the trade! There is more in this R. L. S. incident than meets theeye... and if our editor desires, 1 will at a later date write the full story.Webb's first play " The Forest of Bondy " was published in 1847,a fine production,... but a play that has been issued by at least two otherpublishers. The celebrated actor Buckstone made his first appearance inthe year 1818 as Captain Aubrey in The Forest of Bondy. &amp;The second play produced about 1848, was 44 Union Jack ", a stirringdrama telling of the early settlers in America; among the characters are44 Kleas Klafferman ", 44 Mordenbrenner 4' and 44 Diderich "4 the pirates,44 Zarembo " the Kaffir Chief, and the hero 44 Union Jack £? jZ?Then followed in the order given : 44 Three Fingered Jack ", a playmentioned by R. L. Stevenson, and I notice Mr. Jack B. Yeats quotesfrom the book and refers to the play in the 44 Mask " for July. This playdeals with the bygone slave trade in Jamaica.&amp; After this, in 1852, 44 Uncle Tom's Cabin "... this was apparently takenfrom the first dramatisation of Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe's novel,produced at one of the London Theatres. After this; " Robin Hood " &amp;the Merry Men of Sherwood Forest."This play is mentioned and the book quoted by R. L. S. in his memoir.Stevenson evidently considered it to be one of Skelt's plays. The errorwill be quite obvious when 1 point out that Webb was the only publisherof 44 Robin Hood " as a drama. jZt jZ? jZ? jZ? jZ?£&gt; The next two plays :44 The Battle of Alma " 1854.44 Battle of Balaclavaand Inkerman are interesting, portraying the scenery and principalactors in these historic &amp; &amp; uzr ■£&gt; The book of 44 Balaclava and Inkerman " contains the old patrioticsong 44 The Red White &amp; Blue ", also song 44 Partant pour la Syrle&amp; After this : " Guy Fawkes " a fine drama now unfortunately out ofprint.&amp; f Dred or the Dismal Swamp "... another play dealing with the slavetrade, and then the first Webb Pantomime: 44 Dame Crump and theSilver Penny, or Pig won't get over the Stile to-night ", a clever pieceof work in twenty five plates. Among the figures are some delightfulcaricatures and scene seven represents Webb's old shop demolished in 1898.The book contains the' doggrel verse quoted by Charles Dickens inone of his speeches... 44 Stick won't beat pig, and pig won't go home forme to cook my supper to-night. " «&lt;g? JZ? JZ? &amp;Some of the drawings in this play are reminiscent of George Cruiek- shank's style. It is interesting to note that Cruickshank made drawingsfor some of the plays issued by the earlier publishers. This pantomimewas produced Christmas 1854, by Mr. John Douglass at The StandardTheatre, Shoreditch, now the Olympia Music Hall. JS?&amp; After 44 Dame Crump 44 Paul Clifford, the Highwayman ", taken%from a dramatic version of Lord Lytton's novel. jg? .g? &amp;&amp; After this: 44 Richard the First, or the Lion-Hearted King" A MusicalDrama in two acts. A play Stevenson possessed when a boy. &amp;jg/ Next on the list: 44 Little Red Riding Hood and Prince Love the Day,or Queen Busy Bee and the Fiend Wolf. " A delightful Pantomime withsome quaint characters and pretty scenery. The book contains that famous old clown song " Typitywlchet ". Date of publication about 1858.Following this about 1861...2: " The Rifle Volunteers, or Form !Riflemen, Form! a farce dealing with the inception of the Volunteermovement. The book contains song " Riflemen, Form ! " &amp;Next in order of publication: " The Brigand's Son " a very popularshort play, and then came a masterpiece of the Juvenile Theatre, Webb'sPantomime " Jack and the Beanstalk, or the Pranks of the Good LittleFairies " in twenty seven delightful plates of characters and scenery.The book of this panto Is lyrical and the " plot " excellent. The scenespicture the Twelve Months of the year, six scenes allow for the developsment of the story and the remainder give a rollicking and... at the time...topical harlequinade, concluding with a scene depicting " The Hall ofHappy Old Christmas " ; needless to say, the Fairies are in full force inthis scene and our old friends, Clown, Pantaloon, Harlequin and Columbine,well to the front. The book contains a Clown song entitled " The Lifeof a Clown ", this song I have not seen published elsewhere. As far as Ihave been able to ascertain this pantomime was originally produced atDrury Lane.After this Webb's edition of that old favourite and much publishedmelodrama " The Miller and His Men ", purporting to be written by S.Pocock, but the history of its authorship is an oft told tale. In 1817, apoor plundered author, Lyons by name, brother of the first Mrs H.Bishop, sent to Covent Garden a drama entitled the " Robbers of Bo- hemia ".In the course of a few weeks the manuscript was returned to himwith a note stating, " Not adapted for the house ". Some time after anew melodrama was announced at Cevent Garden... "The Miller and hisMen "; and in this piece, Lyons found the plot and characters of the" Robbers of Bohemia. " Webb's drawings were taken from the lastproduction of this play in London, at, 1 believe, the "Princesses Theatre",and differ In various details from older publications by Skelt, Lloyd,Green etc. Stevenson's favourite play was " The Miller and his Men. &amp;sZ? Sir Henry Bishop, the celebrated composer, was present during aperformance of Webb's " Miller and his Men " on a miniature theatreand improvised some music appropriate to the movement of the paste- board figures. By request Sir Henry wrote the music down andthe M. S. S. is now a much prized treasure of its fortunate possessor.Next on our nearly ended list: " The Smuggler a play mentionedby Stevenson, who described one of the scenes as "A sea and shore scape,delicately Skelty." &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; Then " Blue Beard, or Female Curiosity " a revised and considerablyaltered edition of Green's play of this name. &amp; &amp; &amp;After this, Webb's last original published play " The Hunter of theAlps " a drama somewhat of the 44 Sunday School " order. &amp; &amp;&amp; The remaining two plays on the list 44 Aladdin " and " The Maidand the Magpie " are reissues of two old Skelt plays with somealterations. This is the full list of Webb's published plays. I am however informedby Mr. H. J. Webb, the present proprietor of this old established business,that a number of plays prepared by his father, the late W. G. Webb,were never published. xz? &amp; j&amp;&amp; Before concluding, I wish to acknowledge my indebtedness to Mr. H.J. Webb for much of the Information, now published for the first time,in this little note and also to thank him for permission to reproduce*some of the delightful prints he is still publishing in the same Old Street,but not, Alas! the quaint old shop.... wherein 1 purchased many as aneager boy, &amp; (I) For an account of some other Toy Theatres see •' The Mask July 1912. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by E. W. Godwin. 1875. MEASURE FOR MEASURE Plans for "Measure for Measure" MEASURE FOR MEASURE n my notes on the tragedy of Othello, I classed thecomedy of Measure for Measure with the Italian group,fixing the locality in Siena, and the date of the action inthe author's own time. It is true that in the text theword Is printed Vienna and not Siena t on the other hand,all the names of the characters are Italian or English.Mistress Overdone, if living in Vienna, would certainly not speak of " Signor Claudio. " The references to customs and legalquestions indicate an Italian Duchy or Commonwealth, rather than thecapital of the Archduchy of Austria. Siena was, In 1357, added to thedominions of Cosmo, Duke of Florence, who, after some time, obtainedthe title of Grand Duke of Tuscany, but there never was a Duke of Vienna.On these grounds 1 base the conclusion arrived at above. The scenes, which are wholly architectural, are arranged In a man- ner that is, at first sight, almost irreconcileable with the modern stagerequirements of set or built scenery. In the eighteen scenes, of whichthe five acts of the play are composed, we have thirteen different ones,Including one interior in the Duke's palace, two interiors in Angeio'shouse, a room in Mariana's house, one room in a monastery, twointeriors of a prison, one of a nunnery, three street scenes, a suburbanroad; and a piazza or public open place near the city gate. The chiefdifficulties are in the introduction of the two conventual houses Inthe fourth and fifth Scenes of the first Act, in the insertion in themiddle of the second Act of the prison, and in the arrangement ofthe whole of the fourth Act. Reverence for the author makes onehesitate to suggest omissions or changes in the division of the Act,which involve any considerable alteration. At the same time; bytaking far less liberty with the text than has been, and is still takenby theatrical managers, we may find It quite possible to bring thisplay wlthtn the bounds of four set scenes. It is unnecessary here forme to point out how this should be done; it will be sufficient to say that the four scenes or acts would Involve the total exclusion ofMariana's house and of the conventual scenes, and that to theextent of their share in the plot they would have to be made mattersof description. The arrangement I propose would then stand asfollows • •••Act 1. A street.Act 11; Interior of Angelo's house.Act 111. Interior of prison.Act IV. Outside the city gates.The scene for the first Act may be an open place before the Duke'spalace, with streets leading out of it in opposite directions. A loggiaor a lofty open structure, like the open external Renais&amp;nce chapelattached to the angle of the palace at Siena, would fully meet therequirements of the first Scenes in the play, where the Duke bidsfarewell to his deputies. On the other hand, seeing that the courtsof Mediaeval palaces were used frequently as thoroughfares (like thecloisters of Westminster Abbey), we shall be quite consistent if weplace the scene within the court, which measures about feet by30 feet, and is surrounded by a cloister about 13 feet wide. At one endis the staircase leading to the ducal apartments, and to the foot ofthis, under the archway opening into the quadrangle, the Duke;Escalus, lords, and attendants would descend at the rise of the curtain.I give a sketch-plan in Fig. 1 showing the actual position of theexits E, staircase S, and the pillars of the cloister surrounding thequadrangle or court C, M N is the proscenium. Where there is plentyof depth on the stage the court may be set square, the staircase beingat the back, as in diagram, Fig. 11. The architecture of the palaceis Gothic of the fourteenth century. The building is of three storeys,and is almost entirely constructed of red brick. The hooks and ringsfor the ropes and poles of the awnings or blinds to the main windowson the first-floor still remain, and the bare mention of such things isquite sufficient to suggest to any scenic-artist, deserving the name, thecharming effect that such a scene as this might possess. Measured elevations and details of this palace, and of the almostequally interesting palace Buonsignori, are given by Messrs. Verdier and Cattois in their work 44 Architecture Civile et Bornestique"(Morol, Paris, 1860)* The chief point, however, to note in thestreets of Siena is that the Mediaeval buildings are constructed ofbrick, and the Renaissance architecture of stone* Yet while brickis the main element in the construction of the earlier works, it mustbe remembered that terra=cotta ornaments, as well as stone andmarble, were used in combination with it, but the stone and marblewere always introduced as sparingly as possible, as In small shafts,capitals, and bases, and In the continuous mouldings of cornices andstring-courses* 1 may add that the windows were glazed as in Venice ;hat is, the glass was leaded and set in wooden frames placed clearof the shafts, so that the capitals and bases could be shown In allcompleteness* &amp;&amp; By far the greater part of the second Act occurs in the interior ofAngelo's house. It is true that there is a short scene (3rd) of aboutiorty lines which takes us to the prison, and allows a night to passbefore we find ourselves back in Angelo's room. But this scene mayvery well-be transferred to the third Act, and by a very slight omissionin the text the unity of time and place may be preserved throughoutthe Act. The scene, then, we have to provide must be a hall arrangedas a justice chamber in the palace of my Lord Angelo. Again I findmyself constrained to adopt a diagonally planned scene, as shown in Fig#III* Here M. N. is the proscenium ; S, staircase for the use of Angelo ;C, a courtyard; E, exits; and D dais for the Deputies and Justices. Thearchitecture may be either Gothic like the refined thirteenth centurywork of the Palazzo Buonsignori, from one of the rooms of which Ihave constructed this scene; or it may be Renaissance, like the Picco- lomini or Spannocchi palaces. Bat whether Gothic or Renaissance bethe style of the building, we may be quite sure that distinctive Tuscanschool of Sienese painters would leave its mark on the wall and ceilingsof the residence of such an exalted noble as Lord Angelo. Razzi(erroneously printed Bazzi in my notes on the Merchant of Venice),who lived and painted in the first half of the sixteenth century, wasto Siena very much what Tintoretto was to Venice, and his workmay be seen in frescos and altar-pieces in palace, and church, and private house. The painted (architectural) decoration of BaldassarePeruzzi (1481=1536), a Sienese architect and painter, should also bereferred to. The Farnesina Villa, not far from the Farnese Palaceat Rome, was both built and decorated by Peruzzi, but unfortunatelyonly the decoration of a small portion of the second story remains.The third Act Is the prison scene, and for this 1 would advise aninterior that might include the third Scene, of the second Act, the lastof the third, and the second, third, and fourth, of the fourth, with butone or two slight omissions ; for although in the text the latter partof this act is placed in " the street before the prison " and the fourthScene of the fourth Act is placed in Angelo's house, there would belittle or no difficulty in so arranging these as to make the interior ofthe prison a quite probable situation for the action of both scenes. Redbrickwork constructed in the plainest Gothic manner is all that is re- quired for the architectural character of this interior. (1) The plan ofthe action and the dialogue demand some such arrangement as thatindicated. Here M N is the proscenium, A an inner court of theprison, divided from an outer or public court F by arches filled withiron grilles B B. S the street, P the postern gate, L the corridor orcloister leading to cells C C, and E doorways leading to different partsof the prison, jz? jz? jz? jz?&amp; The last or fourth Act takes us outside the city gates. In this Iinclude besides the whole of the fifth Act of the play the short fifthand sixth Scenes of the fourth;, and thus the latter is divided betweenthe third and last Acts. The fields outside the town, the street nearthe city gate, and the public place near the city gate, are three sceneswhich can easily [be thrown into one without doing the slightestviolence to the course of the action. In Fig.* V. I show a diagram of howthis scene might be arranged. The walls and gateway would be of brickand terra=cotta, the top of the gateway wouid be machicolated, but theold fortification of the Middle Ages was, even at the time of the play,already of more interest to the artist than to the military engineer. InFig. Y.j T is the town, G the gate, W the town walls, P the public placebefore the gats. F fields, and S, streets or roads near the gate. If the seats for the deputies are placed at A, if the friar places the ladies atB, and the Duke meets his deputies at the point indicated by the arrows,It is easy to arrange the scene so as to present a picture not inferior toany In the whole range of the comedies.The costume of the Sienese does not receive very much attentionat the hands of Vecellio. He gives, (see pp. 361 and 363), a married lady ofrank, and a gentlewoman of position, who might have been the wife of amagistrate. There are two or three points to notice in these. The volu- minous scalloped-edged mantle in which both ladles are shrouded, appearson the noble to be sleeveless, and is worn evidently with an eyeto drapery effects; the other has capacious sleeves which touch theground. The first Is of delicate material, and is the utmost developmentof the veil reaching almost to the idea of a cloak and hood. The secondis a kind of overall, with shaped body and shoulders. The dress of thenoble is open in front, revealing a richly ornamented skirt, the bodycut low, aad sleeves tight from elbow to wrist. The noble lady wears around-topped broad-brimmed hat, very like the modern felt worn bygentlemen in the country. A stiff-lace collar at the back of the neck, anda lace stomacher are to be seen in the second example. Both ladies havegloves, necklets of pearls, and neck chains, but no fans. For the rest ofthe costume we may refer to Vecelllo's drawings of the inhabitants ofFlorence and other towns in Southern Italy. (1) J£&gt;JZ/ In the text mention is made of velved and three-piled pieces;English kerseys, gowns " and furred with fox and lambskins, too; "four suits of peach-coloured satin as belonging to one Master Caper;black masks; paint for women's faces, and also powder. There is, too, onevery interesting passage in the first Scene of the second Act...a Scene whichreflects the English justice room of 1590-1610 rather than the Courtsof Siena, where Ponipey Bum speaking, In his evidence, of stewed prunes,tells the magistrates that there were " but two in the house, which atthat very distant time stood, as it were, in a fruit-dish, a dish of somethree-pence; your honours have seen such dishes; they are not chinadishes, but very good dishes. " When, in addition to this statement, weknow that in Shakspere's day Chinese Tsee, or porcelain, was a regular impost of Venice, and that England amongst other European countriespurchased " china dishes " there, we may very fairly conclude that noimportant house in the class of plays we are now considering, moreespecially in the Italian group, would be considered furnished withoutits china. Indeed, from the first introduction of Chinese porcelain bythe Portuguese in 1503* specimens of this kind of ceramic art havebeen more or less eagerly desired, and so great was the demand for itthat after 1550 it had grown popular enough seriously to affect themajolica manufactories of Italy*£? £? JS? I) This, however, is written not considering the tune of the acting, whi:h is the melody. Ed. (1) See 44 The Mask " Volnmes I, 11, IV. SIENESE COSTUME, A translation from thebook of Cesare Vecellio, 1589. COSTUME OP SIENESE GENTLEWOMEN. (&gt;) TThere are some Ladies, wives of the leading men of Siena, or of officialsof the Grand duke of Tuscany, who deck themselves with a dress ofgold or of the most richly adorned brocade which reaches to the ground,with the bodice not too long and the neck low so that one sees all thethroat, and with very sumptuous wristlets of gold lace, with which it isadorned at the feet also. They wear silk collars with very fine ruffles,and at the neck they have most beautiful strings of pearls, with jewelsof great value hanging among them, and they also wear necklets orchains of gold very finely wrought, with some diamond or ritby attachedto them in the middle. Over this they wear mantles of silk, with goldlace, which are fastened to the head and fall to the ground with greatmagnificence and pomp. &amp; &amp; COSTUME OP NOBLE SIENESE MATRONS. TThe noble Sienese Matrons wear robes or " Zimarras " of damask, orvelvet, of various colours according to their own taste; many of these dresses, however, are adorned in front with gold, finely worked, andalso at the feet, and they are long, reaching to the ground. Under thesethey wear skirts of silk brocade or of gold made one over another, withsleeves of the same, and with the bodice well fitting and not very long, butlow=necked. Over these gowns they wear a long silk veil, which; hanging from theirheads, which are covered with velvet hats with small brims, fall to the%full length of the dress. &amp;They adorn their necks with most beautiful strings of pearls and richgold chains, and wear ruffles at the wrists, and very becoming silkbaveri« (i (1) whose husbands hold honourable positions and offices in the city. A WORD UPON ORIGINALITY by Goethe. From the " Conversationswith Eckermann. 1832-1832. " people often " said Eckermann, " raise doubt as to the originality ofsuch or such a celebrated man, by pointing out the Sources whencehe has derived his ideas^&amp; " That is perfectly ridiculous " replied Goethe. " One might as well,in regard to a man who is in good health and seems well nourished,hold an enquiry as to the oxen, sheep and pigs which have served for hisnourishment and given him strength. We certainly bring faculties withus, but we owe our development to the thousand influences of an Infiniteworld ; of this world we appropriate what we are able to and what issuited to us. I owe much to the Greeks, to the French; 1 owe an infiniteamount to Shakespeare, to Sterne, to Goldsmith. But those are not allthe sources from which my spirit has drawn ; these are infinite in number,and what use is there in knowing them ? The principal thing is to havea soul which loves truth and which takes it where it finds £?&amp; Moreover, the world is now so old and, for many centuries so manyremarkable men have lived and thought, that there is little that is new to find and to say. My '* Theory of Colours " is not absolutely a novelty,Plato, Leonardo da Vinci and other fine intellects have in part found andsaid all that I have myself found and said, but to have rediscovered it,re-said it, propagated, defended, and traced out a route for truth, thatis my merit. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;£? Truth has always need of being repeated because error is repreachedto us ceaselessly, and not merely by a few isolated voices but by thecrowd, In the newspapers, in the encyclopaedias, in the schools, in theuniversities, everywhere error holds the first place; it is at its ease withthe majority who take upon themselves its defence. Often also people setforth in turn truth and error, and then pause upon this latter. Thus a4 Afew days ago I was reading in an English encyclopaedia the exposition ofthe formation of the colour blue. It gave first the theory of Leonardoda Vinci, which is the true one ; but immediately afterwards it gave quitetranquilly the theory of Newton, which is false, but it pointed out that itwas necessary to accept this latter, because it is universally received I (1) a cape-like collar. THE MODERN THEATRE by Allen Carric. To the existence of art, to the existence of any aesthetic activityor perception whatsoever, a preliminary psychological conditionis indispensable: namely, ecstasy, &amp; Nietzsche. t is unnatural, this modern theatre, it Is altogether unnatural,is there any doubt about it? &amp; &amp; &amp;Is it not unnatural for us to be forced to wait till night toenjoy an art? &amp; Is it not unnatural to sit two and a half long hours on one seat,... aticketted seat, a numbered seat, crushed in on all sides by strangers ?JZ? IS it not unnatural to enter into a place with fear, and look roundat the multitude with fear, to walk up to your place fearfully, and to sitdown talking rather loudly because you are frightened ? Is not fear un- natural ? JZ? JZ?Is it not unnatural that you look on to an artificial stage which isnot even invested with a natural artifice nor even with a real artificialartifice ? £? JS? is it not unnatural of us to bear all this without a murmur, to heara shout which goes out in praise to the silliest things, and to remainsilent through fear ?jSf Is it not unnatural, that sigh of relief as we perceive a danger whichhas been avoided? Is this not unnatural? uz?JZ? And is it not unnatural on our part to praise every little perfor- mance, to pretend even there and also to pretend that pretence ? Therouge is not dabbed on artificially as a frank artifice,... it pretends tobe naturai nowadays. &amp; x?How great a fault 1we the audience, and they the players, are forced into this pretenceby the cruellest of deities that savages ever chose to be their master,...♦« Pretention ". We are in no natural condition in the theatre. We arenot relaxed,... nor do we find relaxation. At best it can be said thatsometimes we achieve a pretended and external relaxation. &amp; £?JZ? it is because of this that someone once said to an inquirer that hehoped some day to see the theatre in the Turkish Bath. Some of theFrenchmen who came across this statement wrote about this, and found it a '* comic reform But it is not so comic as they pretend. In theTurkish Bath, you become relaxed. The fearful noises and the as fearfulstillnesses of modern existence are removed: You have passed some length of time in a strange stillness brokenonly by the natural noise of running water; you are physically in thefinest possible condition : your senses are tuned up to the right pitch.Now is the condition in which you can receive ail good things whichstir up the imagination through the senses. Well then, what shall wesee? What shall we hear? Let it be drama and opera.^&amp; A heavy curtain closes over the central arch.... the light Is shut out,ali but those long soft rays which shoot from side or ceiling upon thetiled pavement; an attendant passes without a sound, and as he goes,there rises a sound of singing,.... the opera has begun. Afar off. unseenpersons raise their voices in unison,..,, it is the first chorus. The lightsseem to grow less ; now someone who 10ve5.... something or somebody,or all things and all bodies,;... begins to sing.... unseen ; and whilst hesings, the notes of a reed pipe seem to follow him,.... to follow not torun beside him.... to follow him in the guise of all those things whichfollow attraction. What is it we discern in the notes of this pipe ? Someof us think it is a flight of birds, another may think it is a fountain, anew source of a new river breaking through the earth. Some think ofthe waves reaching up to the shore, some will think it is the quickenedbeat of the pulse. It will be none of these and all of them. It will bemerely something moving, in harmony, in vain, and in despite. But whilevoice and pipe sing, it will seem as though both were moving away. Atlast a pause. You can count ten slowly. What has happened ? Nothing.The chorus bursts out from the other end of the building: somethingsurprising rushes into the place. The light fills the room slowly, as slowlyas the chorus swells rapidly. The song and the sound increase and in- crease and then die slowly out.The opera has ended....we have fallen asleep.we long to witness a drama. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The attendants draw aside a thin veil, and disclose a low long windowin which we seem to see a whole city. Quite silent yet sunny, it seems far outside the place in which we lie, where all is dark and drowsy.Outside it is all gay, the sun strikes across the corners of the roofs,moving and falling here and there like something liquid : we see nolittle corner, we see a whole city. Then in whispers* the Drama of theMarionnettes begins. &amp; &amp; In whispers, not of the stage but of the poet's mouth. The little fi- gures move about; they don't know we see them, we know they don'tsee us. AH is grave or gay. Not one thing alone, but many things arehappening; not one man alone but many men are feeling, not onewoman, but many women, many children Ssssssssh !1 &amp;&amp; "The world is so full of a number of things I'm sure we should all beas happy as Kings. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;0 To be as happy as kings... like kings... is the art of the Marlonnette.Wisdom has often been whispered... a poet has told us. The whispe- ring grows and grows. Now all is silent once more.The Drama of wisdom has ended We are asleep. IN ROME by Edward Edwardovitch. Mediaeval Marionettes from the "Hortus deliciarum" of Herrad von Landsberg. "WHEN IN ROME, DO AS THE ROMANS DO" did, and I didn't.&amp; 1 did as the Romans do. I went to the Theatre andlaughed like a Roman. I drank in new Ijfe, and became,like Romans do, intoxicated with good things.£/ Then I did what Romans don't do. £/ THE CHURCH. went to Santa Maria Maggiore, a large and perhaps beautiful church.I went there convinced I should have to elbow my way In; it was atVespers on New Year's Day. &amp; &amp; I arrived early at a quarter to three, and at three fifteen the servicebegan. Hardly a Roman in the place. One or two foreigners. 1 toldmyself that modern Romans do not understand any more Dignity andBeauty in ceremony and music. And I waited breathlessly, as I wait al- ways before the Matthew " Passion " of John Sebastian Bach. The ceremony began. The music came. The ceremony ended. Themusic went. But neither one nor the other touched me.... they gave menothing... there was a feeling that it was being got through to pleasethemselves. ug? jg? jg? jg? jg? j&amp; jg? j&amp;As an artist I am always open to impressions, and, where an organ,a choir of voices and a ceremony work in harmony, I am always alertand ready to enjoy. 4g? &amp; j&amp; jg? jg? &amp;The whole service that afternoon at 3.15 in St Maria Maggiore, Romewas exceedingly bad, and so bad that it is open to censure. J&amp;J&amp; Nothing leads me to suppose that the performance of the ceremonywas worse than usual.... yet I was unusually disappointed. I had beenprepared for something lovely. Hoping for the best I waited to hear themusic played and sung in a perfect fashion. Both were thoroughly bad,...not even adequate. J&amp; j&amp; jg? j&amp; j&amp; j&amp; J&amp;j&amp;Once, while travelling in the Appenines, I had a long conversation*with a priest. He was on his way to Rome. jg? J&amp; jg? &amp;jg? Never having seen any Italian city but Florence and Milan I wascurious to hear of the capital of Italy. I supposed Rome was a noble city.He answered me that it was. &amp; J&amp;I then spoke of the difficulty 1 had in being a **believer " in thesense the Catholic uses the word. 1 said 1 had tried hard, but theChurch was always preventing me by force from loving the Church,j&amp; " How is that ? " he asked. jg? jg? J&amp; jg? J&amp;j&amp; " Well you see, I am such a wretched being.... I am an artist. I love" so much beautiful things. I love the beauty of white clouds, and the" little hills of 1ta1y,... the beauty of the mystery of the singing of birds," and the noises of a brook. Yes, and even the beauty of the heart...." and of sacrifice. I dislike so much the ugliness and tyranny of stations" and the noises of trains, the blackness and the hard suggestion of" cities. And I cannot tell how it is, but whenever 1 enter the grand " old churches of Italy I am there forced to feel as though they were" places of terror. The effect works slowly, but it always drives me out" sooner than I had hoped to go. jg? jg? jg? jSf 44 In Florence, in Fiesole, in Milano, in many smaller towns, I have" £°n6 with reverence and in search of spiritual beauty into many" churches. What did I find in every case?44 I hardly dare to tell you. &amp; jg?&amp; " Tell me, " he answered, for he was a patient priest." No, I cannot tell you what I saw and heard. But I must ask you" to tell me why the Church orders its priests to strive to make their44 faces and figures more ugly than is necessary ? I must ask you to ex- -44 plain why the priests are told to talk amongst themselves and point" to and laugh about men and women who come in to look and listen44 with reverence ? These are things which puzzle me much : but what44 puzzles me most is to understand why the church insists so rlgourously44 upon its priests grinding out the most ugly sounds which the human44 voice is capable of producing, and all the while making grimaces such44 as are only equalled for ugliness by the Chinese evil spirits as depicted44 by the great artists of the Hast. £? jg/&amp; 44 If I could only understand the profound intention of the Church4 4 and its insistence upon the daily creations of ugliness I could perhaps44 the better believe in this Church and admire its influence ". j£*44 Ah, " sighed my friend. 44 You should go to Rome. There the music44 is quite lovely ". jSo I came. I have listened and looked and it is as ugly and asseemingly selfish as everything I have ever encountered. Please under- stand me that 1 speak only of the semblance of the thing, not of itsinner life. JS &amp; &amp;I know nothing of that inner life. How can I ? There is no way ofascertaining. I am forcibly prevented from getting further than theexternals.These are, 1 repeat, the ugliest, blackest, most hopeless which manever encountered.And perhaps this is a reason why Romans were not to be found atSt Maria Maggiore on New Year's Day at Vespers. &amp; I am told that the place is practically empty the whole year round.1 am not surprised, and I think it is a very good old saying about doingas the Romans do In Rome, j2f &amp; THE STAGE. jpor they go to the Theatre... they went to laugh with each otherand with Scarpetta, and hang me if I don't believe in my heart ofhearts that a side splitting performance by Scarpetta is a more elevating;and a more religious Exhibition than is today the service held atSt Maria Maggiore.1 don't question that the Church service aims at Divine Worship. 1can only state that it fails utterly to hit the mark for it falls to be heardor seen, and therefore to be felt, and that Is essential If you wish tomove the people. ■&amp;And those who do hear and see it are terrified, if their eyes and earsare prepared to receive the signs of spiritual beauty. &amp; &amp;Whereas we all of us came into touch with Scarpetta at the theatre,we all of us saw and heard things and were moved to feel things ;at the theatre doubts and theories vanished, false hopes and equallyfalse delusions vanished,... we were face to face with life. Nobody wasmewing and nobody was barking. People were speaking... human people.They were telling us nothing new, nothing mysterious.... 1 mean to saynothing so mysterious that it was incomprehensible. We just heard oncemore the same old story with the moral (if you want a moral) of thepower of gay spirits over the weakness of tears and complaints. &amp;Many comedies, it is true, are charged with the spirit of mockery.These comedies in Rome had an ounce of it, but only an ounce: therest was pure mischief and fun, and poetry; little " tragedy " in thestrict sense of the word, but much more tragedy than you would get ina Classic Theatre in Paris, Berlin, or London. For after all, an old gen- tleman with a very red nose, is not only comic, but has a touch oftragedy in him; especially when that nose is wedded to a pair of ex- tremely grave eyes and brows, and a "reserved play of the hands. The mockery of life was mainly in the gait of the actors and therewas nothing but charm or comedy in their delivery. Now and then, one or two of the actors In the secondary roles exaggerated a trifle and bytrying to force the humour of the situation or the character became, Iregret to say, almost like the priests in St Maria Maggiore. But thiswas never the case with the first five or six of the actors who werequite delightful.Reader, I am afraid that when you come to Rome you won't be ableto do as the Romans did for I think that Scarpetta will be in Naples,Syracuse, or some fair city far removed from the haunt of the Cardinals.For Scarpetta comes from Naples; so when you go to Rome welij Ithink you had better do as the Neapolitans do. &amp; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE LIVERPOOL REPERTORY THEATRE. Yours faithfullyA. Z. Sir.'jphe wealthy are often thought to be mean. Perhaps that Is why thewealthiest nation in the world, making the greatest boast of its ge- nerosity, has so many of the poverty stricken in its midst. jg/Certain it is that all movements towards reform and betterment inEngland are expected to make do with one half of the encouragementand financial assistance accorded to similar endeavours elsewhere. InArt most justly of all may this accusation be levied against the English.The bitter root of puritanism has left foul stain everywhere. The Englishartist Is yet someone to be 'ignored' ...a modern cultural form of earlierpuritanical burning and hatred. If he be not reviled he is drugged withthe poisonous wine of flattery. &amp;As justification for this diatribe against English pettifogging anddisregard, let us take the case of Drama. As a particular instance inthat case let us conduct an ex-parte examination into the circumstancesand present condition of the Liverpool Repertory Theatre, to which youreferred in your last issue. &amp;These English Repertory Theatres are an unworthy attempt to re- vivify with new blood a worn-out corpse of the English theatre. Theattempt is unworthy because the promoters have hurried to their taskwith an imperfect knowledge of what was required of them, or of theart which they have sought to reawaken; and with firm belief in theirpower to effect vital improvement by inexpensive and conservative methods.The Liverpool Theatre is struggling towards the close of its secondseason. What is the history of its achievement ? Upon what new schoolof dramatic writing has it set the seal of its encouragement ? With whatnew methods of production has it experimented ? Has it a school ofacting, and is that school in a flourishing condition ? How many Sha- kespearean plays have been performed during these two seasons? Questionsand doubts come tumbling out of one's thought; to each of them painfulsilence is perhaps the most considerate answer. £?&amp; We were told that the word ** repertory " was the rallying cry of thenew spirit in the English Theatre. Yet in the theatre under examination, one of the most representative in this English movement, what a tale ofpractical failure must be told! Shakespeare has not yet been performed inthis theatre. With the exception of an encouragingly successful attemptIn Oscar Wilde's " A Florentine Tragedy " and in a Christmas fairy playwhich owed its existence entirely to private enterprise, there has beenliterally no attempt whatsoever to exploit new methods of production ; noattempt to progress beyond the mediocre standard of what is termedrealistic acting on and upwards towards that new theatre of Rhythmcompounded of Form, Colour and Song; the new movement spiritualisedand led by such men as Gordon Craig, Kemendy, Leon Bakst, Stanislawsky,and Reinhardt. j&amp;£? The most tragic part of our tale of failure is that the blame for thispresent situation cannot be laid with the committee of management, orboard of directors as they are called, or with the Art Director of thetheatre. The former have, 1 believe, most excellent intentions and thelatter is a hard working fellow enough.The blame must be laid with the public of that great city of Liverpool,who by their infamous neglect of this theatre have earned the rightto complete neglect from the artists of the world for at least fiftyyears. &lt;£?£? This great seaport is one of the richest of England's provincial cities.Yet it has allowed Its theatre to struggle in absolute penury for twoyears, and to fail in its most primary objects; it has allowed itself tomiss the opportunity of making its theatre world-famous, and therebyadding one more jewel to its crown of commercial prosperity. (How onekow-tows to the reigning goddess of Britain !)&amp; Liverpool is the home of wealthy magnates. There are names whichcome quickly to one's mind ; William Lever, Bruce Ismay, Richard D. Holt,Charles Bibby, Alfred Booth, E. K. Muspratt; and behind these outstan- . 4ding personalities comes a great multitude of lesser wealthy citizens,flanked by the wealthiest of municipalities. Yet out of this great massof wealth there does not appear to have been the smallest attempt torender first aid to this enterprise.There is much to be said against municipal endowment. There isnothing to be said against a partial endowment obtained by a regular subscription list, or by a particular donation towards the production ofone or two special plays. 0The example of the little town of Lubeck which was quoted by awriter in the last issue of your journal has fallen upon deaf ears inLiverpool. It seems that it must ever be so. And so the tale of indecentstruggle and practical failure goes on. 00 For this reason, and for this reason only 1 believe, the Liverpooltheatre has achieved nothing. The city apparently is content with car- rying wealthy Americans across the Atlantic; it seeks no embellishmentof Its civic life. In precise English, the situation Is disgraceful. WealthyLiverpool regards it with perfect equanimity i 0 0 0 Liverpool. BOOK REVIEWS. THE CIVIC THEATRE by PercyMackaye* Mitchell Rennerley.New York. lyir Percy Mackaye's utterancesabout the Theatre always carryweight. As we have always held, hehas the right to speak with autho- rity, being a son of the theatre, andas such he may be included in thatsmall group whose words are deser- ving of the most careful attentionof all who are seriously and keenlyconcerned in the welfare of theTheatre and Its Art.His new book treats of his con- ception of a " Civic Theatre ", anidea which, he points out, im- plies, as a distinctive issue, " the'*conscious awakening of a people to•' self-government in the activities" of its leisure".&amp; There Is an Idea in this.Mr Mackaye defines this institu- tion which he calls the Civic Thea- tre as " the efficient instrument ofthe recreative arts of a community,"an instrument to aid it in fulfillingthat deepest instinct of a pe0p1e,....the need for happiness. "Its object,',he states, " is to fill time, not kill" it: to refill it to overflowing with" that quality of charmed eternity" which it always possesses In nor- " mal childhood ", and he wouldhave the people themselves coope- rate, under the leadership of theartists, in all the activities whichthe celebrations and festivals of sucha theatre should " The redemption of leisure by" an art participated in by the peo- " pie on a national scale ", writesMr Mackaye, " would create such a" counter-demand for craftsman- " ship In the humblest things as" would revolutionize the present" aspects of the machine-made world." Every property, costume, symbol, " insignium, banner and humblest" buckle designed for their festivals" would ultimately become the pro- -44 duct of the people themselves,44 under leadership of their fellows,..."the artists of the civic theatre".In fact, 44 Its organization is an or- " ganization of artists for civic lea- -44 dership".48 This idea of the leadership of theartists is one which cannot be toooften insisted upon. "The Mask" has repeatedly decla- red that there is not one single de- partment of national life which wouldnot be rendered keener, gayer, hap- pier and more prosperous throughthe influence of a fine Theatre,adequately endowed, under the di- rection of artists ; it has also poin- ted out the value of giving everyvillage a theatre and every boy andgirl the chance of acting. For whenamusement is freed from the curseof commercialism and when it isthe artists who control and directthe people's leisure, who not onlydelight them, but first inspire andthen guide them to creative activi- ties of their own, we shall have takena long step towards the attainmentof that ideal state when the artistsshall cease to be isolated accidents,exceptions, but when all shall beartists, 44 contributing their verse " to the great Song of Life in honourof the New Age whose dawn theartists are even now prophecying isto revive an old world, 48/ 48&amp; What we are all striving for andshould remember is that the wholeof mankind should be creative ar«tists; that a man who is not anartists should be the exception. Thisis the desire of many thousands ofpeople ; they see In this the solutionof all social problems, the solutionof all difference between sex,... thesolution of the great problem of life.For the artist understandsall things, whereas all other peopleare specialists. A Leonardo da Vinci,a Whitman, both springing from thepeople,seem to know that this uni- versal race of artists is bound tocome. It is no new idea, and itsrealization is to come after the socialUpheaval which threatens us evennow.■£? The artists of the Theatre will bein the forefront of that movementwhich shall lead us to a sense of thesplendour of life as understood andfelt through the means of creativeart...through the very act of creating.4? The vision of the foremost menand women of our art must piercebeyond that of all others; it mustcommand a wider horizon. They mustfor ever be in advance, for they search on behalf of the people,and joycan be brought to these in no otherpossible way than by the understan- ding and creation of the beautiful.The Chinese sage tells us that ajourney of a thousand miles beganwith a single step and as thestep been taken towards this idealthe destination must be reached. IMPRESSIONS AND OPINIONSby George Moore. Werner Lau- rie. Price six shillings. &amp;Mr George Moore tellsus that this book, " like a bigNewfoundland dog, dived after himand brought him to shore " whenhe was *'■ sinking in a flood of publicdisfavour caused by 'Spring Days'; "and as he further goes on to say," We have heard of three poundsten shillings being asked for a copy"how could we expect him to refrainfrom reprinting a cheaper edition ?There are several little essays onthe Theatre included; one on theorigin of the " Theatre Libre " inParis, an Idea for a Th&amp;itre LibreIn England, estimates of " our Dra=matists and their Literature " andso on. &amp;X? His essay on "Mummer Worship"is of interest if only that it remindsus afresh that what was so terriblytrue when he first published it in1888 is still as true, and even more 50.... today.Mr Moore wrote twenty-fiveyears ago of the " Mummer "... "hisvanity has grown as weed nevergrew before : It overtops all thingshuman jg? X?JS? Are not the amazing records ofan actor manager's " little conti- nental tour " in 1885 equalled bythe importance given to the triflingactivities and achievements of cer- tain actor-managers today ? andwhat of his leading lady's tremen- dous admission on going to act inBerlin, when she says, having "neverkept up a familiarity with the Ger- man language" since her schooldays,"in order to get as much practiseas possible In the foreign tongue inwhich I had somewhat rashly un- dertaken to play, I took my passagein the North German Lloydsteamer *Saal'.(l) ■£&gt;Surely this will become immortal.Mr Moore's indictment remains,unfortunately, as true today as whenit was written: and not until thecolossal vanity of the " mummer "can be rooted out, until this worshipof mere " personality " ceases, andas stern a training is enforced inthe theatre as in any other art, maywe hope that these fatuous follieswill be corrected. (i) The Italics are ours. FOREIGN NOTES LONDON. Mr Lovat Fraser's Exhibition. R. D. ''jphere was a good little Exhibitionof designs by Mr Lovat Fraserheld at his studio in Pelham St inFebruary. j£tHe did not announce that the de- signs were for the Theatre, but thewhole collection of 63 designs, if notfor any special theatre* belong to agreat extent to the theatre.For instance, No 14. " The Innat Pirates Point^&amp; This design teaches the theatresomething that it doesn't want toknow, pointing out to the theatrethe advantages of designing yourscene as it is there designed and notchanging a scrap of it, and theywould still not understand that theartist was really trying to do thema great service, x? &amp;&amp; The foreign theatre would knowall about this, but the English thea- tre would not understand. It is sosensitive. It thinks you want to robit. You want to give it something. So that if any theatrical peoplehave seen Mr Fraser's collection,they have begun puliing it to piecesat once. Mr Lovat Fraser is alive, andwill take a lot of killing. You can- not hit him anywhere so far as 1can see. lie is much too fond ofeverything and everybody, despisingboth at the same time. How grate- ful he is for a crumb, how indiffe- rent to a large slice of advice. &amp; This is really a very strong Ex- hibition of 63 designs, and unlike afirst Exhibition, Mr Fraser has notbeen careful to hide all his likesand dislikes. He frankly shows thathe has been touched by the work ofthose trying to revive the EuropeanTheatre. He is not cautious; acautious man would have gone toTelbin or De Lowtherbourg for hisinspiration. x?A cautious man would not havehad the courage to say;.... ** I likethese new fellows, " and in a fewyears, Mr Fraser will, after disliking or forgetting his friends, make newfriends, the friends that his imagi- nation will have conjured up for him.Particularly interesting is No. 32," Demeter ".The good thing about it is thatthere is only one idea in it. Mostpeople would have tried to put six,being frightened lest one shouldfail. " Caution ", caution !! A won- derful thing in a rash man likeWhitman, a disastrous thing in any- thing less great, less rash, and it isbecause there is so much caution inEngland that movement has turnedto rest, and stagnation threatensto set in. This is not an opiniongiven at close quarters. It is givenat the proper distance. It is un- fortunately what every nation issaying of us, and it is for us to pointthis out not to our nation as anation, but to the one or two indl- dividuals whom each of us happento know. JS? JSf R. P.Mr Clunn Lewis's Marionettes.Among the attractions of the first"Children's Welfare Exhibition "lately held at Olympia was Mr ClunnLewis's Marionette Show, which gavefifty-one performances during theeleven days, and was visited by twothousand five hundred people. Many of these evinced the keenest Lewis's much-travelled puppets re- ceived an applause which mighteasilyhave turned the heads of any actorsless serene. x?Certainly, the performance givenby these old dolls is a refreshing anddelightful one. England owes a debtof gratitude to such a man as ClunnLewis, for the tenacity and love hehas devoted to keeping alive an an- cient tradition ; and It is to be hopedthat this debt may soon be dischar- ged in a fitting way... that is to say,by assisting this fine old showman insome practical manner to preservethe marionettes, and thus provingto him that his... and their.... gooddays are not over but yet to come.It is to every one's interest to dothis. For, as Mr John Bull, writing ofthis Puppet Show in the last numberof " The Mask " declared, the En- mgllsh, " in serving the man who pre- serves old traditions of this kind "" would be serving themselves more than anyone else. LIVERPOOL. Mr Gordon Craig's Exhibition. P. A. Qne of the most remarkable exhi- bitions of modern times has beenon view at Liberty Buildings.The little models of stages,though forming only a small partof the show, are the section that at interest in the marionettes, and Mronce arrest the attention... we are still like children in that to see athing In the round, and on a smallscale, is more real than reality itself,and far more exciting than the mostamazing two - dimension represen- tation. JZ? JZ/ sZ*In these models we see at firsthand and clean from the sourcewhat has been percolating throughfrom Germany and other directionsin a more or less muddy way, andhas been welcomed by us and rhapso- dised over in this clouded form assomething wonderful and strange.^The new theatric art had itsorigin in this country, its influencehas been " festooned from pointto point around Europe", and atlength we are beginning to honourthe fountain head. JZ?The natural thing is to saythat these models represent therevolt from the realistic stage, butthey are something more definitethan this. Taking the " Hamlet"group, which appear to carry theprinciples suggested in the othersto their logical conclusion, it is evi- dent that this stagecraft overthrowsthe tyranny of stylistic architectureon the stage: the models are essen- tially stylistic, but at the sametime intensely architectural.But the mere clever imitationof actual architecture, which was so gorgeously indulged in by the Ita- lians at the renaissance, and byInigo Jones with us, and which withus has sunk to a tedious, if precise,representation of an actual scene,is a thing of the past... we cannotbelieve that it will ever return, evento mimic a law court or solicitor'soffice.The literal trespassing of one arton the grounds of another is one ofthe chief impositions that we arefighting against at present. Paint- ing has nearly got free of thatliterary incubus, ?and although themusic of Strauss appeared to grovelin a cruder subservience than beforethe really modern music of Regerand others is bent on a flight unen- cumbered by literary or pictorialsandbags.Similarly, Mr Craig by the useof his screens, entirely devoid ofdetail or ornament, has proved thatthe art of the theatre is an art ofitself, and not a matter of imitation,as some people would have us thinkpainting is. No buildings in the worldcould everhave existed likeMrCralg'smodels; they are sheer architecturalconceptions untrammelled by practi- bility...means of intensifying moodsand planes for the play of light. Inthe most rarefied sense we describethem as architectural, as we are compelled to use the epithet forGreek sculpture ; but whoever plan- ned a real building like the cagethat Ophelia wanders about in duringher mad scene with a gigantic cir- cular column in the centre and slimsquare shafts around it? The wholeromance of corridors is concentratedinto the Lady Macbeth model sounmistakably Celtic in feeling, butwe are convinced that not even thefantasies of a Scottish baronial castleever rose to this superb height ofimpracticability. jg? jg?Co-equal in importance with formis the lighting. Here Mr. Craig showshimself to be more in sympathy withVermeer and Chardin than Rem- brandt. He does not consider gloomand bursts of glory necessary ac- companiments or settings for trage- dy ; but he is fascinated by the ex- quisite gradation of light thrown atan angle on a receding plane. Insome of the scenes this aim entirelydominates the form, notably in No.190, where two different qualitiesof light are made to shine on asymmetrical scene, and the diago- nally placed pier is in a wonderfulradiance of reflected light. It is difficult to leave the models,but the show of drawings is scarcelyless noteworthy. We are temptedto regard these as examples of pic- torial art, although we are wellaware that Mr. Craig definitelystates that they are nothing moreor less than designs for scenes, cos- tumes, and properties, and makesno claim for them but as a meansto an end. But three-quarters ofthem at least can stand by them- selves as works of first-rate draughts- manship and design, and for humourand fantasy we have seen little totouch them.Their range and versatility isamazing. There is the exquisite littleWoodland Mask (8) with its groupof serious performers disappearingunder the trees and the irresponsiblepierrettes amusing themselves be- hind. Then there is the whole group(26-34) illustrating an adoration my- stery play, from which the King'sson, minstrel, and two .shepherdsoutstand for pure delight. To thistype also belong the two charmingPierrots (5 and 7). Of quite differentcharacter are the charcoal and chalkdrawings, many of them franklyscene studies. The storm In " KingLear " (40) is one which we are con- vinced must appeal to artists, andis conceived in a spirit of austeretragedy. For exquisite magic of co- lour the two " Tempest " scenes(43-44) stand alone; in the catalogue(which in its way is as remarkable a production as the models, andabounds in abrupt and characteristicnotes) Mr. Craig modestly says thatthese designs require considerableexplanation, but he prefers to reservethe little secret This secret maybe a stage one, but as drawings theyare manifestly infused with thespirit of the 44 Tempest ":....Nothing of him that doth fadeBut doth suffer a sea changeInto something rich and strange.On the other side of the screencomes a complete change with the44Vikings," as barbaric and strongas you please, particularly the ladywith the wolfskin cloak. Mr Craighas let loose his gorgeous fancy onthese costumes, which are the veryantithesis of the delicacy of hismasques. Two other types of scenewe must mention, those in whichhe aims at a static quality such asV The Wretched Lovers" (22), inwhich one can hardly imagine a fi- gure or a gesture moving, and inwhich the dream city must hoverperpetually over their heads; andthose which are instinct with motion,for example " Enter the Army " (74)and 44 Study in Movement" (75).For ourselves the two which we likethe most, and which are pure riotsof decorative draughtsmanship, arethe minute 44 White Fan " (168) and the gorgeous 14 Hunger ; thecrouching figure in black checktights, thje gentleman himself withthe paunch, and above all, the burstof steam from the dish that is beingbrought to him reveal the strengthof an artist of exuberant vitality.Liverpool is fortunate to be thethird city in the country to see these works. LONDON. A Hundred Good Songs. E. E. hundred good songs for halfa crown! Mr Martin Shaw has justgiven us these; though of thesesongs is alone worth a sovereignand is superbly arranged for Pianoby the composer, who, with old- fashioned courtesy, reminds us thatMr Fuller Maitland worked on thissong some years ago. &amp;It is this kind of graciousnesswhich the Theatre has still to learnfrom a few fine-spirited workers inthe other fields of Art, and one feelsthat Mr Gordon Craig, in his newbook ** Towards a new Theatre " hasnot over emphasised this point inalluding to Little Jack iiorner whosaid what a good boy He was. I was present at the first perfor- mance of these songs last February(l) The collection our correspondant refers to is " Songsof Britain " selected and edited by Frank Kidson andMartin Shaw. Boosey and Co; Half a crown net. when they were sung at the houseof Dr Vaughan Williams.London is a great city,.... toogreat a city... and perhaps some ofthe beauty of a song has faded inthe process of carrying it from GlenShalloch or Balquhidder to the Cityof Dreadful Night. &amp;The great Agincourt song carriedus away from the place, but* in thecase of "Farewell to Glen Shalloch"1 personally wanted the place to becarried to me before I could reallyfeel all that is in the song. Foik dances and songs, althoughthey have a perfect right to bedanced or sung in the cities, seemto me to belong to a certain spotand none other. &amp;This brings me to the point ofthis note, which is to ask Mr MartinShaw to give us a collection of Songsof London. He is the one man whocould make such a collection andrender them simply and grandly enough. &amp; The Gordon Craig School. &amp;jUere the best news in the Theatreand, indeed, not only here,but in the whole European Theatre,.,is that of the establishment of MrGordon Craig's School. Everyone who cares about theArt of the Theatre must be,.... andi 5.... excited over this for no one can fail to realize the importanceand value of the news. &amp;jg/With a School organized on suchlines as those which Mr Craig hasindicated, and with such a man asleader and head, one feels that allgood becomes possible, that one mayindulge one's hopes at last as muchas one likes, with full confidence ofnot being disappointed. jgf There also seems something par»ticularly welcome in the fact thatit is through the generosity of anEnglishman that the establishmentof this School has been renderedpossible. English people needed agreat deal of telling from Europebefore they began to awaken to thefact that the recognised head of theof the European Theatre was acountryman of their own. And since,although Goethe rightly says thatthere is no such thing as patrioticart, there Is such a thing as thepride of a nation in its greatestsons;.... its honour if it be swift toforward, its reproach if it hinder,their work for the public g00d,... itshould surely, be a gratification toEnglishmen that It has not beenleft to the Continent,... first to ac=knowledge Mr Craig's leadership,...tobe also the first to give him theSchool for which he has long askedon behalf of the Theatre and its art. EDITORIAL NOTES. THE LIVERPOOL THEATRE.\yhile not publishing so large anumber of copies as the DailyMail, The Mask may yet be said toexercise as great an influence. Itpreserves its point of view in allcircumstances, and that is one of thereasons why it carries weight.&amp; The Liverpool Post, tor Instance,thinks it worth while to quotea general criticism of the Liverpooland Manchester Repertory Theatreswhich appeared in the Januarynumber, and to quote in full.&amp; Had this same article been writtenon the Repertory movement in Lon- don- we doubt whether the DailyMail or the Daily Telegraphwould have quoted it at length. One of the passages in the articlewas: " Let Liverpool and Manchester" realise that a well-established•« theatre with a large financial" backing and plenty of go in it is** going to improve every scrap of" the business of those towns ;** that it is going to improve the«« very existence of each of the inha- " bitants, and then perhaps things 44 will be done in the right way ".JS? NOW, instead of the Post takingoffence at such a passage as this,...for after all it might be looked uponas an effort to teach those citiestheir own business...it has approach®ed the matter in the right spirit.Instead of laughing at the idea thatwell established Repertory Theatreswhich are not commercial theatresare going to improve the businessof a city as London would havedone, (as, alas, London always does,taking its lead from that mostamazing, if out of date, theatricalthermometer, the Referee); insteadof doing this Liverpool is able tosay that 44 the sentiments of thewriter" in The Mask 44 will be44 heartily echoed, by all who have44 worked for or watched the Liver®44 pool enterprise. The large public44 which has already shown its ap®44 preciation of the work the theatre44 has done naturally expects a steady44 improvement in that work. But44 It must not consider that its duty44 is done by attending the theatre.44 It should be eager, from patriotic 44 motives, to ensure a constant44 improvement by providing the44 necessary financial backing, with- -44 out which every enterprise, busi- -44 ness or artistic, must be seriously44 handicapped. It is in the power of44 everyone to see that the Liverpool44 Repertory Theatre is conducted44 worthily. But it will never be44 done by talking, but by helping. ENDOWMENT FOR THETHEATRE.Parisian theatre were 2,300,000pounds sterling. Twenty years agothey hardly reached one million. For1913 the reported amount is higherthan that of 1911. &amp; &amp;Does this interest you, reader?If money is the root of all evil,then the evil of the theatre is onthe increase.But IF this be so it is only be- cause of the people of the theatre,and not because of the money.No amount of money, howevergreat, if properly administered cando anything but good to a good in»stitution, and, with such a wonderfulenchantment as the theatre, endowa few theatres with several millionsa year between them, and you canmake the people happy and helpthem through their lives by magicmeans. There Is nothing which couldhave a more encouraging effect onthe people than a number of wellorganized and enchanting theatresendowed with sufficient money tokeep them 44 good=looking£? At present, in spite of theirseemingly successful appearance,they are in a bad state of health,...and ugly. They have no liberty. Because they take more moneyIn 1911 than they did in 1891 it doesnot follow that they are a whit more44 successful ", for there are manymore theatres in Paris today thanthere were in 1891 and the expensesare all far &amp; No ; at present the theatre is afailure,... and it needs endowment.Provide two millions a year ....andyou will have a stronger, gayer anda more imaginative people.Mr Percy Mackaye, in his veryinteresting and very thorough book,44 The Playhouse and the Play"shows us what are the necessarysteps to be taken by anyone desirousof endowing a theatre; and MrGordon Craig has pointed out thatthe first step is to establish schoolsof Experiment. J£&gt; &amp; We quote from Mr Mackaye'swords: jg?&amp; j£?jSf 44 An effectual business needs no 44 subsidy; an effectual art cannot44 live without it. &amp;&amp; 44 The status of the playhouse44 in society is as vital as the44 status of the university in society.44 The dignity and efficiency of the44 one demand the same safeguarding44 against inward deterioration as44 the dignity and efficiency of the44 other. The functions of both are44 educative. The safeguard of each44 is endowment". &amp;44 The highest potentiality of the44 drama can never be realized until44 the theatre...the drama's communal44 instrument... shall be dedicated to44 public, not private ends. &amp;44 The permanent emancipation44 of dramatic art from theatrical44 business is a special cause.44 The success of that special44 cause would permanently benefit44 the nation. A cause whose success44 would permanently benefit the44 nation is a cause which deserves44 the support of all citizens able to44 promote the efficient means to its44 success. j&amp; 44 The efficient means to the sue- -44 cess of the drama's special cause44 is endowment. &amp;&amp; 44 Therefore, The drama's44 c/a/ cause should be endowed44 by citizens able to endow44 it- " jg? &amp;* ' £• /". » ■—' SOLITUDE AND WORK. in Paris to an interviewera short time ago, the philosopherBergson complained ofthe multitudeof his occupations and preoccupa- tions. " I feel like a man flounderingin a heavy sea, with the odds large- " Iy in favour of the sea, " he said,,or words to that effect. 44 I am over- -44 burdened, overwhelmed, submer- " ged, 1 am reduced to neglecting" the most urgent matters. During" my two months in Switzerland the" past summer (nominally months- -44 of vacation,) I was not able tc get44 so much as an hour's rest, and44 even so 1 failed to accomplish44 what I needed to accomplish. I44 have just been obliged to decline44 a highly flattering request for an44 article from one of the best ma- -44 gazines of your country... in spite44 of my keen desire to get into the44 closest possible touch with the44 people whose guest 1 am soon to44 be... because I have rashly con- -44 tracted so many engagements la44 so many quarters (promises of44 articles, lectures and the like,)'44 that it will take me at least two44 years to fulfill them; and front44 now to then it will be absolutely44 Impossible for me to undertake44 anything new, not eyep an articleof a hundred lines. There," poin- ting to a corner table, clutteredwith packages and letters* "is" my morning mail.... a good partof it bears American postmarks..." and Heaven knows when I shall" find time to cut open the letters," to sa}' nothing of looking into the" pamphlets, magazines and books." People think me vain and bearish" because I do not answer letters" and refuse to receive callers and" I am making many enemies in" consequence; but if I contrived" to do both of these things, 1 should" not have a minute to do anything" else, and after ail, I cannot forget" that I have my special work to" do. It has been this way for as" much as three years and the si- " tuation is constantly growing" worse, in fact it is getting well- " nigh intolerable JS/The philosopher then said thathe had often thought of giving uphis position at the College de France,and of withdrawing Into the countryas the only way of escaping thosetasks which seriously interferedwith his investigations, and theinterviewer asked him whether hedid not fear that living in the Pro- vinces might not cause him to getout of.touch with life, and in fact,to " go to seed And Bergs on an- swered " That might happen to "persons with whom creativeness is"not so much a matter of self ex- "pression as a matter of responsive- "ness or external stimulus, or to"persons whose plans are floating or"uncertain. But to me, tranquillity"and solitude are absolutely indi- spensable prerequisities of my work."I know just what i want to do ; all"that I want is the time in which to"do it, and that, somehow or other,"I must get. " UNPRODUCTIVE PRODUCERS.r Norman McKinnel has beenwaxing eloquent on the subjectof modern stage producers. In anInterview which he lately gave to ajournalist in the Green t Room ofthe " Little Theatre 99 in New Yorkhe declared that "Modern producers" in Germany are probably, taken" collectively, the greatest in the" vanguard of the return to nature," so to speak, on the stage " ; andhe then bursts into a pean of praiseto the glory of Professor Reinhardt,who he asserts to be " a genius ofthe stage, a wonderful blend of" the artist and the showman which" accomplishes the greatest things" on the stage. " &amp;" Another element of ProfessorRelnhardt's success ", according tohis admirer, " is his spurning oftraditions " Simply because a 44 play has been acted in a certain" way " Mr McKinne! tells us, 44 or44 because a certain bit of business44 has been interpolated into the44 play, has absolutely no force with" Professor Reinhardt. He goes at a44 play with a fresh unprejudiced" mind, determines what he thinks44 the plays mean, and then evolves44 the scenery and the business44 which will put vividly before44 the audiences his conceptions44 of the play " (i) &amp;How delightful this is! To pic- ture Professor Reinhardt, steeped inother men's ideas, guided by othermen's designs, inspired by othermen's conceptions, aided by othermen's hands,... in fact never havingbeen known to have produced any- thing upon any stage whatever, (ifto 44 produce " means to create, andthen formulate, a new idea); Pro- fessor Reinhardt whose sole claimto distinction, apart from his greatactivity, is that he was a fine actorand once, long ago, really put someplays upon the stage quite admirablyin his own painstaking manner,....to picture, we repeat, this earnestenterprising and incapable Germanbringing his 44 fresh unprejudicedmind " to bear upon a play and then&lt;4evolving the scenery and business" which shall 44 put vividly before theaudiences his conceptions is simply4kolossaF.Mr McKinnel then passes on toEngland. 44 We have in England ",he assures the Interviewer, 44 a44 number of producers of the first44 quality, at the head of whom I44 would place Granville Barker ".44 Mr Barker ", he continues, has a44 strong and independent persona- -44 lity, but I think he would not44 hesitate to acknowledge that Pro- -44 fessor Reinhardt has had a great44 influence on his method of pro- -44 duction. " (i)Sir Herbert Tree also, accordingto the generous Mr McKinnel, "ranksas one of the best English produ- cers ", so now we know just whatMr McKinnel really likes. &amp;&amp; Mr McKinnel then bestowed agracious word or two upon M. An- toine and Lucien Guitry as repre- senting the French stage, but de- clared that 44 the' Germans and44 Hungarians are the two nations44 who are at the front now both as44 playwrights and as producers ",although he admits that Russia 44 is44 accomplishing great things at the44 Art Theatre in Moscow -and in44 some of her other theatres ". But is it not very remarkablethat Mr McKinnel should throughoutthis Interview exhibit such reticenceas to the real power aud Inspirationbehind all these theatre "producers"he has named ? jtz? &amp;We know some of the Germansare never very anxious to speak ofthe careful study they have made ofthe Englishman who was the first toshow the way... and is still leading,and in this they are unlike theHungarians, who gladly and grate- fully acknowledge through theirleader Hevesl, that all their inspi- ration is derived from him. But whyshould Mr McKinnel, an Englishman,be so silent on this point ? We shouldhave thought it would have beensome satisfaction to him, (and to allthe members of the English theatre)to remember that at the back ofevery piece of good work which hehas praised,..:, whether German,English, Hungarian or Russian, thereis the influence and inspiration ofjust one man,... and that man oneof his own countrymen. But Mr McKinnel chooses to turntail.... well run, McKinnel 1! wellrun, Sir! &amp; &amp; (Ij The Italics are ours. J. S. (1) And is Professor Reinhardt ready, in his turn, tomake any courteous little acknowledgements ? J. S, THE YOUNGER GENERATION.jyir William Brady is out of spirits.He declares that " The present" theatrical situation in New York "Is bad. There has got to come a" change in it, but I don't know44 just how this is going to come" about". &amp; &amp; &amp;He attributes existing conditionspartly to the increase in the firstclass theatres which has been grea- ter then the Increase in the publicto attend them: (but Mr WilliamBrady had something to do withthis himself, hadn't he?): then tothe fact that America " hasn't got44 good actors enough to act the44 plays that go to the boards". " I should say " declares MrBrady, 44 the future of the stage here44 depends on the producer": but hegoes on to lamemt that the old pro=ducer is dying out, that Mr CharlesProhman's activities have been cutdown by his poor health, 44 and the" rest of us are getting old or lazy." What we need now is young blood" in the producing field". JS? But where is it to be raised ?That is Mr Brady's trouble. Listento him on the younger generation.JS?44 How it is going to get this44 schooling for the work, though, I44 don't know. We have no training44 schools for production, and there44 are not many young men coming44 on today who have been actors,44 stage managers, everything in a44 theatre like some of us have been. 44 It's even worse with the actors.44 There is no good training school44 for them and their kind is dying44 out. The outlook Is a bad one ".&amp; Not so bad as you think, MrBrady; at least not so bad if every- one, instead of wringing their hands,will put them to the plough andhelp to turn up some good straightfurrows where the fresh seed canbe sown.&amp; Those young men in whom yousee salvation really exist, they arereally at work already, and theirkind, far from dying out, Is comingon, finer and fresher and morecompetent than ever before. Keepyour eye on The , Mr Brady Iwe promise you help,... but can youtake it? That you alone can TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.In the last number of The Maskan article appeared urging, as TheMask has so often urged before, thenecessity for first class books aboutthe Theatre. The quarter has broughtus one such, Mr Oordon Craig's newbook 44 Towards a New Theatre";and though this has appeared toolate for us to review it fully in thepresent number we would say mean- time to every student and worker, inthe theatre, to everyone who lookstowards and hopes for the foundingof a New Theatre,... get it and study it... and then study it again, and yetagain. But do not forget the author'sown words about the contents ofthis book: 44 It is not offered as you44 offer food ; it is given purely as a44 warning. There is not a thing in44 this book that can be of any prac- -44 tical 44 use " to you whatever ex- -44 cept as a warning, and for your44 own sakes, and for the sake of44 the ideal Theatre, don't seize uponthis book in the hope of extracting44 from it something which can be *44 put instantly into practical use in44 the belief that it will bring you44 nearer to our ideal.... It is more44 likely to bring you L. 10,000 a year44 if well worked, but that in44 my opinion, would be highly un- -44 practical.... for L. 10,000 is hardly44 worth more than a song.... and44 one should learn how to refuse44 such little sums if one is serious44 about the large ideals connected44 with the Art. " &amp;&amp; A LAST WORD. J. S. Hphinking long of Captain Scott andhis Companions we still find nota word to say.If he could speak we think itwould be to say:... 44 I sleep we 11:... I have had a good dream THE POETRY REV IE WOpened on January i, 1913, at35 Devonshire St, Theobald's Road(5 minutes from the British Mu-seum).A BOOKSHOP FOR THESALE OF POETRYFOR 1913 THE POETRY REVIEW &amp;has been much enlarged and is published quarterly at 2j6 net.&amp; Annual subscription 10[6 post free. &amp; THE FORUM. is printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women who willbe the classics ofto-morrow.STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM : PHILO-SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.issaMITCHELL KENNERLEY&amp; New York &amp; LondonThree months trial subscription two shillings %TH E MOSHER BOOKS &amp;HE special literary value of my general Catalogue has given it a unique positionIn the world of book-making for book-lovers. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;jgr Prom year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the view of makingknown, as no other form of advertising could make known The Mosher Books andwhat they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. All possible value has been put intothese books by their publisher; so that to-day they are the only style of genuinehand-made paper editions at popular prices in America. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions at moderateprices. KOXSO1 HOM AS B. MOSHER, , MAINE, YE OLDE PARIS BOOKE=SHOPPEII Rue de Chateaudun, Paris, France.«———aßßMaa—am lIIIIMMIIIIMII II I I sawn.—aa i Hi———iBuys and Sells All Sorts of ,Spanish and Italian Books. Also Engravings,Ancient and Modern.Catalogues issued monthly. Correspondance inFrench or English invited. Books sent on Ap-proval to any part of the World. Lists of Desi-derata receive careful consideration. English Translations of French, Latin and Greek Classical Works, suchas Brantdme : " Liv.es of Fair Ladies ", (with coloured illustrations) ; 44 OneHundred Merrie &amp; Delightsome Stories ", translation of 44 les Cent Nou-velles nouvelles"; Anatole France : " Thais (the Repentant Courtlsan ofAlexandria). 44 The Well of Santa Clara " with 21 Copper Plate Etchings;Pierre Louys 44 Aphrodite ", illustrated by Ed. Zler; Petronius: 44TheSatyricon" (translated by Oscar Wilde, with long Preface and manyNotes;) 44 The Golden Ass" (of Apuleius) fine English version, with Notesand copperplate Etchings ; 4'Corporal Punishment in France", historic andanecdotic; Aristophanes 44 The Eleven Comedies", literally and fullyrendered into English for the first time.Circulars sent on application, (with stamps to cover postage)Please note we buy French books for cash andcan supply all Parisian publications. Fine Catalogue of French Books, Contes, Romans, Etudes curie uses&amp; &amp; (free for 20 cs.) &amp; &amp;YE OLDE PARIS BOOR E-S fi O P P E11 Rue de Chateaudun, Paris, France. &amp; LEO S. OLSCHKI.Un g1 Ar no Acc/a / o I / , Florence.Large Stock of Italian Theatrical Books from the XVth Cen-tury up to date JZ?Incunabula, Manuscripts with and without .Old Bindings, Prints, etc. &amp; J£&gt;Books not in stock sought for and reported free of any charge.Monthly Lists of latest purchases supplied on ApplicationRichly illustrated Catalogues on special subjects. &amp; J&amp; J U S T O U T .TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.Being 40 Designs For Stage ScenesWith Critical Notes By The Inventor.*jpo ©very design the author adds a page of critical notes. The workarrests attention not only because of the completeness of its author'sbreak with all the weak theatrical traditions of the artificial ages, butbecause the author breaks away from himself, pointing out to us howloose is the f&lt; tradition " which is all too rapidly being formed uponhis earliest experiments, and the danger this rapidity is to his school*&amp; The book brings together many of his most representative designsmade between the years 1901 and 1911 and which were made for Tragedy,Comedy, Melodrama for Opera and Mimo-drama.The book is on sale in Florence, and enquiries may be madefor It at the office of " The Mask ", Arena Goldoni. Florence Square Royal 4to, 21 shillings net.EDWARD GORDON CRAIG.mmSend to the Publishers for Prospectus and General Catalogue*&amp; J. M. DENT AND SONS. L T D. &amp;/&lt;?/♦ Aldine House, Bedford Street9 Strand, London, England. mmTHE SOCIETY OF THE THEATREAffiliated to the Gordon Craig School forthe Art of the Theatre.OBJECTTHE PROMOTION OF THEA R T OF THE THEATRE.SUBSCRIPTION.Ordinary Membership od per annum.Associate Members IOS" " "Fellows, L. 10, iofc. od life memberspipEvery Reader of " The Mask " should join the Society.•Write for all particulars to The Secretary, Offices of the Society of the TheatreJohn St, Adelphi, London. * (Telephone 1601 Regent)