The mask 13 3 July-August-September 1927 naau_1927-07_01 The mask 13 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 SOME REFLECTIONS ON THE 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A PLAN OF THE FLORENTINE THEATRE "PERGOLA" from a rare document hitherto unpublished. Plate 12. Illustration 4 AN ASTOUNDING DISCOVERY MADE A SUBSCRIBER TO "THE MASK cre J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 THE SHAKESPEARE DANGER SOME REFLECTIONS ON CERTAIN FACTS RELATED BY MR. C. J. SISSON, REGARDING THE INFLUENCE OF SHAKESPEARE IN INDIA. WITH ACCOMPANYING COMMENTS. GORDON CRAIG cre 7-9; 11-15 ROMEO AND JULIET. ACT I, SCENE II. New High School. Bombay, India. Plate 13. Illustration 9 SOME SURVIVING LONDON THEATRES AND THEIR ARCHITECTS. E. BERESFORD CHANCELLOR cre 16-18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 HARLEQUIN A NOTE AND SOME DATES. E. G. C cre 18 ELECTRA. A Design for a Stage Scene by Gordon Craig (1905). Plate 14. Illustration 19 THE FILMS REAL CRITICISM PLEADED FOR REVEREND GENTLEMAN AT FILM LUNCHEON cre 21-22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 MONEY. 22-23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 "LIFE A BIG FRAUD". WHAT JAMES WHITE THOUGHT. 23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 REINHARDT AND CO. ANTONIO GALLI cre 24-25; 27; 29-31 ELECTRA. As Produced by the Reinhardt Company (1903). Plate 15. Illustration 25 KABALE UND LIEBE. As Produced by the Reinhardt Company (1904) Plate 16. Illustration 27 Th. des Dèlassements Comiques, 1841. Illustration 31 Thèâtre des Jeunes Elèves, 1814. Illustration 31 Thèâtre du Petit Lazzari, 1830. Illustration 31 TWO LADIES. 31-33; 35-36 SALOME. As Produced by the Reinhardt Company (1902). Plate 17. Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 36 VALDIMAR MOLLER ACTOR AND CARICATURIST. C cre 36 Untitled Image Illustration 36 FRANCESCO GALLI DA BIBIENA Architect and Scenographer. 1659-1739. Illustration 37 VITTORIO BIGARI Painter and Scenographer. 1692-1776. Illustration 39 STEFANO ORLANDI Scenographer 1681-1760. Illustration 41 A NOTE ON THREE SCEN OGRAPHERS WITH THREE PORTRAITS. 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 CORRESPONDENCE. 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 UNFORTUNATE MR. IVOR BROWN. J. S cre 44 MY dear Semar : E. G. C cre 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 FOREIGN NOTES. 45 GLASGOW. PETER PATTISON cre 45 AMSTERDAM. X cre 45 BOOK REVIEWS. 46-57 Untitled Image Illustration 46 THE THREE SITWELLS. A 46-49 &lt;IT MI U r 111111111 ■■(■■ll———mmmuanarnmnmm IMJ. -HI mm maMmmammmmgamammMaam 49 MUSIC. Classical, Romantic and 49-50 HAKLUYTS VOYAGES, with 50 LE MASQUE ET L'ENCENSOIR. 50-51 PIETER BRUEGEL THE ELDER, 51 MAN—AN INDICTMENT, by 51-52 THE STORY OF NAPLES by 52 EURIPIDES THE IDEALIST by 52 THE LIFE OF CHARLES 52-53 A FLORENTINE DIARY from 53 LORD BYRON IN HIS 53-54 THE FALSE RED NOSE. 54-57 THREE PLAYS William Archer. 54-55 THE COMEDY OF THE 55 THE COMPLETE LIMERICK 55-56 Untitled Image Illustration 55 LA R. ACCADEMIA DEGLI 56 ELOCUTION FOR TEACHERS 56 COSTUME AND FASHION, 57 THE LIFE OF JENNY LIND by 57 RIVISTA MUSICALE 57 EDITORIAL NOTES. 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 FER TILIZERS. 58 WANTED. A BOOK ON THE 58 PRETENDERS AND THE REAL THING. J. S cre 58 LAST WORDS. 59-60 GEORGE COLMAN AND 59 Untitled Image Illustration 59 CHI S A . . . . 59 Untitled Image Illustration 59 ADELPHI OR WHITEHALL COURT 59-60 Untitled Image Illustration 60 AT THE OPERA: MAY 1927. O. m. G cre 60 Untitled Image Illustration 60 EPIROTES AT PLAY. 60 Untitled Image Illustration 60 A WORD OF THANKS. J. S cre 60 Untitled Image Illustration 60 THE MASK VOLUME TWELVE BIS. NUMBER THREEJULY - AUGUST - SEPTEMBER19 2 7 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) C|| TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JULY 192 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS, The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations froexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience* Where stampjjand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributionlbut in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return* All articles should |typewritten„Address: The Editor: " The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1927 THE MASK19 0 8 19 2 7 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK[927 THE MASK1927 All Rights reserved. July 1927.Direttore responsabile Antonio MarainiTipografia Giuntina, Firenze. SOME REFLECTIONS ON THE INFLU- ENCE OF SHAKESPEARE IN INDIAby C. J. Sisson, with Notes by E. G. C.SOME SURVIVING LONDON THEA- TRES by Beresford Chancellor.REINHARDT &amp; COMPANY • some Anony- mous observations on an organization. TWO LADIES, The Princess des Ursins andLa Belle Otero, by X. Y. Z.FILMS, CRITICS, AND ROBINSONCRUSOE by Everard Plumbline.X TOTES AND LETTERS ON THE THREEINSITWELLS, UNFORTUNATE MR.BROWN and other curious and intriguing matters. ILLUSTRATIONS: REINHARDT PRODUCTIONS BEFORE 1905.TWO GORDON CRAIG DESIGNS IN 1905. PORTRAITS OF FRANCESCOBIBIENA, BIGARI &amp; ORLAN'DI. ROMEO AND JULIET IN INDIA. ANEWLY DISCOVERED PLAN (circa 1600) OF " LA PERGOLA "THIS VALUABLE PLAN IS HERE REPRODUCED FOR THE FIRST TIME. LITERARY CONTENTS. AN ASTOUNDING DISCOVERY ..... J. S Page 83THE SHAKESPEARE DANGER &amp; THE INFLUENCE |OF SHAKESPEARE IN INDIA . ... C. J. Sisson with Notes by E. G. C. . 8|SOME SURVIVING LONDON THEATRES . . E. Beresford Chancellor . . .91HARLEQUIN. Some Notes &amp; Dates . . . . . E. G. C; . . . . .91THE FILMS ......... Everard Plumbline . . . . 91MONEY, REAL &amp; FANTASTIC . . . . Anonymous. . . . • lOjREINHARDT &amp; COMPANY ...... Anonymous IQ|TWO LADIES X. Y. Z 10|VALDIMAR MOLLER, Actor &amp; Caricaturist . . . C. . . • • • . 101A NOTE ON THREE SCENOGRAPHERS . . . Allen Carrie 11lCORRESPONDENCE. FOREIGN NOTES. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. A RARE PLAN OF THE FLORENTINE THEATRE«LA PERGOLA" . . Plate 12, Face 8" ROMEO &amp; JULIET" in BOMBAY , From a photograph . " 13, n 944 ELECTRA" A Design for a Stage Scene, 1905 . . Gordon Craig. n 14, n 945 THE STEPS/', A Design for a Stage Scene, 1905 . . Gordon Craig. . n 14 B, Precede 944 ELEKTRA A Reinhardt Production .... From a photograph . 15, Face 1(144 KABALE UND LIEBE A Reinhardt Production. , n n R n 16, Precede l(j44 SALOME A Reinhardt Production . . . . " " n n 17, Face \QTHREE LITTLE THEATRES OF PARIS . . . From Galignani's Guide, 1859 . . llA CARICATURE . . . . « . . Valdimar Moller . . . 1(|FRANCESCO GALLI DA BIBIENA .... Anon. . . . . . 1QVITTORIO BIGARI ....... ■" 11STEFANO ORLANDI . . . . . n . . . . .1 jHead and Tail Pieces and Vignettes, by Callot, H. M. 8., and from other old and modern Designs. A PLAN OF THE FLORENTINE THEATRE "PERGOLA"from a rare document hitherto unpublished. Plate 12. AN ASTOUNDING DISCOVERYMADE BY A SUBSCRIBER TO "THE MASK". J. S. FOR many years The Mask has been unearthing and bringing toits readers rare items never before published in any Journal,and this it does in the service of scholars and students, and toaid in making the Theatre's art and history better understood.Among the subjects to which we have given study and researchhas been the structure both within and without of the homes of theDrama, the Theatre buildings themselves.No one twenty-five years ago cared much about this branch ofthe subject: today there is no one who fails to study it.All over Europe and America artists of the Theatre realize thatit is one of the very first things to study the position and shapeof the house in which their work is to be seen.Most of all in Germany and in the United States, are scholarsalive to the importance of this study, but also in Holland, in Italy, inDenmark and in London a lively interest is being shown in all detailspertaining both in the past and the present to the Drama's home.This quarter we are happy to be able to offer to these studentsa rare plan of the Florentine theatre " La Pergola ", that old and aris- tocratic playhouse built in 1652 by the Accademia degli Immobili,which took as its emblem the windmill with the motto " In sua Mo- venza e fermo ", " In its movement steadfastThis Thentre is therefore 114 Years older than the TeatroLa Scala in Milano, and is still used rightly. We have discovered other such plans of even greater interest andintend immediately to lay them before our readers.The rare pictorial document, now reproduced for the first time,has lain untouched for over two centuries. Where and how it wasdiscovered will be announced in the next number of bMeantime, if Signor Morini, Conte Bruno Brunelli, Signor GlaucoLombardi, Mr. Lawrence, Professor Allardyce Nicoll, M. Alfred Mortieror M. Constant Mic can throw any light on the two questions,who may be the author of this plan and if it is the original plan, weshall be glad to publish their communications.To facilitate study we print below the alphabetical references tothe various details, which, in the reduced reproduction are otherwisenot easily deciphered. We also append a reproduction of the emblem of La Pergola A. Luogo de Serenissimi Padroni.B. Stanzini de S.Sri. Accademici.C. Teatro dell' Udienza.D. Orchestra.E. Ingressi per il Teatro.F. Salite che portano a quattro ordini distanzini.G. Guardaroba.H. Stanze per il custode. I. Ingresso per le dame per andare nelTeatro, e stanzini.K. Ingresso dei proni. (2) Serenissimi.L. Camera dove dimorano i proni. Sere- nissimi.M. Corridori che portano alle stanzine.N. Fianchi per l'operazione delle comparse,e Scene.O. Proscenio con sue lontananze, e canali. €J Ogni Braccio Fiorentino e due Palmi, e sett'once. (1) See also page 128.(2) Abbreviation for " Padroni THE SHAKESPEARE DANGERSOME REFLECTIONS ON CERTAIN FACTSRELATED BY MR. C. J. SISSON, REGARDINGTHE INFLUENCE OF SHAKESPEARE IN INDIA.WITH ACCOMPANYING COMMENTS. GORDON CRAIG. ROMEO AND JULIET.ACT I, SCENE II.New High School. Bombay, India. Plate 13. THE works of Shakespeare are betterknown in India than we suppose.If, in the midst of our daily Jazz, westop for a moment to bother our headseither about Shakespeare or about Indiawe discover this.It would suprise most readers ofShakespeare writes Mr. C. J. Sisson, andeoen most Englishmen in India (two clas- ses not necessarily coincident) to be toldthat Shakespeare's plays have been infinite- ly more popular in Bombay than those ofTagore in Calcutta. Yet this is a plain factMr. Sisson has recently written animportant essay lately published in brochureby the Shakespeare Association, or ratherpublished for it by its nurse, the grandold Oxford University Press.There are considerable hopes beingexpressed in influential quarters that whenthe Shakespeare Association comes to yearsof discretion—it is now still young—it willbe given a latch-key of its own, it will haveits own press and offices (').That will be a good thing, if, whenthe press and the offices are found, thecommonsense of writers is not lacking.As a rule all the good common sense of even famous writers leaves them whenthey come to write about Shakespeareand his plays. Of his poems they sel- dom say a word. Words are spent la- vishly on the plays as literary master- pieces ; rarely a word to say what is dueto Shakespeare, presuming of course thatanything is still due to him.Presuming still further that what hasalways been his due has never yet beenpaid properly by us—let us tell ourselvesonce more what it is that we may possiblyowe him still.1 believe the moment is ripe for agood talk—that good talk which has thisadvantage, that it regularly absolves usfrom doing anything at all rash, such as,for example, producing Shakespeare's playsfor the people of the Empire.Yes, the good talk is due too : onceevery decade it has to be enjoyed or en- dured as the case may be. And I feelthat a real good talk is upon us this 1927. WHAT IS DUE TO SHAKESPEARE. YES, let us ask ourselves and one ano- ther ; what is due to this our nationalplaywright ? What do we owe thiscelebrated artist. I think that we shallprobably have to listen once more tothe truth about it this year. We mayagain hear it said that his plays shouldbe performed ; and I am not so sure butthat a real effort will not be actuallymade by certain groups of enthusiasts toattempt to perform them. We alreadyknow that this has been done, and withthe utmost enthusiasm too, by a group in London at the Old Vic Theatre: anotherband of devoted ones groups itself aroundthe mulberry tree at Stratford upon Avon,the very birthpl ace of this divine master,and in season these do make a festival.It is a great little affair : it always hasbeen a great little affair. Who is therewho does not go once a year on this sa- cred pilgrimage to Stratford and there listento the words of this great writer Shakes- peare. Besides listening, another good talkis enjoyed,—speeches are made by cele- brities, and even clever men utter wordsof wisdom and often of beauty, sayingwhat Shakespeare was and what he shouldbe to us. After all is over we go home.If we forget all about Shakespeare for therest of the year, what is so surprising inthat: we have our social duties to per- form : we have a great many things todo which must keep us from doing manyof the things we would really //£e to doif only we had more time. So if we donothing to introduce Shakespeare's Playsto the people of Britain there is—is therenot ?—every excuse for not doing it. OUR USUAL EXCUSES. ONE of the excuses we offer is thatShakespeare is above the heads of thepeople : another reason we sometimes giveis that his moral tone is not all it might be." There is nothing either good or bad,but thinking makes it so " ; that is ThDevil's Creed remember: lest you forget,let me remind you that no lesser man thanMr. Rudyard Kipling has stated it. Hemay have changed his mind now—buteven if he has there are others who canexplain how bad an influence on the na- tion are Shakespeare's plays —or ratherwould be, were the Nation as a wholeto hear them and to see them daily as ithears and sees the words and pictures ofour popular daily journals. Some millions of so-called ignorantpeople benefit by hearing and seeing whatour cheaper journals have to say andshow ; is it quite so certain they wouldbenefit by hearing and seeing the worksof Shakespeare? I should not ask this ifthere were not a doubt: and that thereis a grave doubt is plain to see, for nei- ther influence, money, brains nor autho- rity in England has seen to it that theseplays be performed. The brains (someof them) have urged that a fair trial shouldbe accorded Shakespeare; it is only fairon the men of brains to admit that theyraised their voices. To do more, to insist,if 7would not have done, for influence, moneyand authority were turning away. INDIA, SHAKESPEARE AND THEINDISCRIMINATE. AND now how strange it is to hearthat in India—the land from whencereports of unrest are now and again beingtelegraphed to us in our peaceful isle—in India Shakespeare's plays are popular.Excepting Germany, Mr. Sisson tells us,India is the country where the plays ofShakespeare have in recent times " form- ed the safest and surest attraction to theindiscriminate masses who attend populartheatres " ; and he adds that the proprie- tors of a theatre can always count upona profit on a Shakespeare production.So that if Shakespeare spells ruin tous in a political, moral and social sense hedoes not spell ruin to the proprietors ofthe Indian theatres.If Shakespeare's fire is too much forthe water in us all, if it burns, scor- ches and sets a nation alight, —and ofcourse such a happening might be a ca- lamity-—if he plays havoc with our blood,he doesn't ruin our purse. That is whatis so highly satisfactory. It's not exactly the nicest of argu- ments to advance, that, because Shakes- peare's plays can pay as well as the latestrevues pay,— Chu-Chin-Chou) or 7heBeggar's Opera—, we should shut oureyes to the serious fact that, while doingthis, the nation may be ruined by theseShakespeare plays first morally and thenmaterially. I don't think that the wildestenthusiast for our national poet wouldchoose to see him acted if at the expenseof the whole nation.But still how curiously interesting to hearthat in India " the indiscriminate masses "love him and like to be fired by him.So many are the interesting points inMr. Sisson's essay I thought it might bea good thing to obtain permission to re- print long excerpts from it ; and, thisobtained, only your permission remains tobe asked to inflict them on you.I say inflict because we are not Shakes- peare lovers;—we will I think admit that.Germans are Goethe lovers ; they keephis plays alive (and Shakespeare as well).We treat Shakespeare more as the Frenchtreat Racine—paint up his head on atheatre ceiling but forget to play him.And so this enthusiasm of the Bom- bayites will not exactly find a responsiveecho in many English hearts—for thereasons I have stated.To me in my wildest moments of appre- ciation it is, I need hardly say, a real de- light to witness the signs of true homagewhen ever it is offered to great dramatists. WHAT MR. SISSON WRITES. THE plays, of course, are acted in the verna- culars, Marathi, Gujarati, Hindi, and Urdu.Seats can, or could, be had for fourpence inthe cheapest parts. It may safely be assumedthat very few Englishmen have set foot in thesetheatres, except policemen in pursuit of theirunhappy lot, though more may be met within the big neighbouring cinema palaces. " Here, then, nightly from 9 p.m. to I a.m.the benign Shakespeare might be seen, maskingin turban and gorgeous feudal vestments, speak- ing strange languages, and delighting audienceswhich were in part not even aware of hisname except as a maker of interesting playsfor their immediate entertainment. Many ofthem probably think that he is ahve and arein the felicity of hoping for further inventionsof his skill. THE ORTHODOX SHAKESPEAREAN. THE orthodox Shakespearian would expe- rience many a shock if he ventured into thisstrange temple of his idol. He might accus- tom himself to the Oriental costume andmise- en-scene, to the disturbing medley of theaudience, even, with some study, to theforeign language. But he would be amazedto find that he was being provided with anopera and a ballet as well as a play, thoughDrury Lane might have inured him to much,and horrified when he realised the extremeliberties that were being taken with the textand plot. THE WISE SHAKESPEAREAN. A wise Shakespearian would be comforted,nevertheless, with the thought that thegreat dramatist was fulfilling here also, inthe far corners of the earth, his essentialfunction of delighting men with the picturesof life in the form of a work of. art. Hewould reflect that to every age and everypeople beauty and truth must be conveyedin such shape as will permit of delight. A LIVING ORGANISM. ABOVE all he would rejoice that Shakes- peare is here, not translated formally,not imitated, but transplanted as a living orga- nism. We may further reasonably doubtwhether Shakespeare himself would feel equalalarm or horror, when we consider the ge- nerous and amicable relations he entered intowith his own Elizabethan audiences. Culturedadaptations of Shakespeare, Mr. Gupta informsus, proved complete failures on the publicstage in Bengal, which thereupon abandoned Shakespeare. I have not the slightest doubtthat the dramatist would rather that Macbethor Othello were acted in Bombay than thatJulius Caesar were read in Tokio, even ifMacbeth were acted as by the Arya NitiDarshak Theatrical Company, at various timesfrom 1910 to 1923, as adapted by Mr. N.V. Thacker. A PROPER SENTIMENT. THE interest of the play centres upon LadyMacbeth, to judge from its title, Va- sundhara, her Indian name. The dramaticeffect of the sleep-walking scene explains thisprominence of Vasundhara. The sub-titleof the play, Bedhari-Talwar, means 'double- edged sword ', and points the moral. In hispreface to the printed play-book of this adap- tation, the manager, evidently a man with atincture of letters, regrets the necessity ofbowing to the will of audiences. But headmits their rights, and is not repentant.' What they need is given to them ', hewrites, ' and they should get what entertain- ment they can ', a very proper sentiment and good business, too. Henslowe would haveagreed with him, without the superfluous regrets. ADMIRABLE ADAPTATION. IN the main plot the men-foik are all providedwith ladies, as is fit and proper in India.So Banquo-Vasantsinh has a wife Kaumadi.Malcolm-Virkant has a lover Minakshi, thedaughter of Vasundhara and of Macbeth-Minketu, who risks her life for him. Thelove-interest necessary in an Indian play isthus added, and the equally necessary happyending is secured by the reconciling marriageof these two. Banquo is combined withMacduff, and his son Fleance-Virochan isslain in his house, for a good reason." Scenes of witchcraft and ghost storiesare not in the traditions or to the taste ofthe Indian theatre, and this theme is entirelyomitted. The part of Banquo is thereforeuneconomic as it stands, and the combinedBanquo-Macduff assumes a new importanceand significance. For the same reason adifferent motive is given for Macbeth's am- bition and his crimes, in a striking first scene." Macbeth has triumphed over Duncan'senemy, King Jayadhwaja, who lies in chains in Macbeth's splendid camp. Jayadhwaja,like a defiant caged tiger, still bares his teethat his conqueror, and taunts him with beingthe dependent, nay, the slave, of King Duncan-Agnimitra. Minketu is no ruler like himself,v/ith no sovereign sway, for all his splendour.Macbeth, who is like many a chieftain inIndian, or English, feudal history, is stirredto his depths, slays his tormentor, and broodsin anguish over the stinging taunt. LadyMacbeth, too, has heard it, and reminds himof it, till he is driven to action. Frankly, Iam lost in admiration at this skilful and mostdramatic opening to the story of Minketu'susurpation (l), whatever may be thought of itas a first scene of Macbeth. Had the greatspirit of Shakespeare been born in anotherhemisphere and apprenticed to another stage,this might well have been his foundation fora study of reckless ambition and retribution.His dramatic inspiration is there, alive andat work, firmly based upon the truth of thetime and place and persons, and in this set- ting his creations can move with dramaticreality before another audience and taketheir place in another civilization." The addition of the character or Yakoob,first Macbeth's accomplice, then converted tovirtue, a reminiscence of Hubert in KingJohn, is again skilful. Yakoob becomes insome sort an avenging spirit, the symbol ofan outraged moral universe, as well as asubstitute for the element of fatality in Shakes- peare's weird sisters ". A WORD OF COMMENT. |F Mr. Sisson is lost in admiration at thisI skilful way of handling " Macbeth "I believe we shall drown together. Forwhile no one allows Shakespeare's playsto be played (what is done is not playingShakespeare but playing at Shakespeare)hundreds would rise up and protest (in" The Times " too) if any producer da- red to take such liberties with the text,as these men of wit in India have takenShakespeare, like all the good thingswhich are too much for us in London, is a holy thing : damned then for ever untilsome one breaks the spell and his ownneck by flinging the halo into the Thames.And is it not remarkable that this manwhose plays are held to be anything butmoral in their teaching should be heldup as sacred ?Mr. Sisson then proceeds to ask whe- ther this free adaptation of the plays is notan act of vandalism —or worse, forgery. MR. SISSON CONTINUES AND SUPPORTSTHE PRACTICE. THE case is now fairly put for a conside- ration of the capital question, whetherthis popularity of Shakespeare is gained attoo great a cost in remote Bombay, whetherin fact these theatres and these audiences arenot merely debasing works of genius to gross use,and defacing and counterfeiting sterling coin.To this question three answers may bemade. First, we can trace from 1890 on- wards, and probably long before, a continuousseries of performances of Shakespeare's playsin vernacular adaptations, including the com- plete Shakespearian canon, except the En- glish History plays, of which only Richard 111seems to have been acted. These plays havebeen attended, and applauded, by men ofail castes, mill-hands, workmen and pettyshop-keepers, as well as middle-class folkand students. They are produced with allthe available resources of costume, sceneryand lighting, and the admirable acting anddeclamation of the Indian stage. The fun- damental acting quality of Shakespeare hasbeen as triumphant in Bombay as it was inTudor London or as it is at the Old Vic,to-day with not dissimilar audiences.Secondly, the history of the progress ofShakespeare through the centuries on thestages of Europe forbids hasty judgment, nay,suggests charity in very self-defence, lestSauny the Scot, once thought so great animprovement on Grumio, Caliban's Sycorax,or a hundred other horrid witnesses, be broughtforward to testify, and some of our great folkamong actors and dramatists end in the dockalong with Mr. Thacker.Finally, the history of the Elizabethanage stage and drama, as they developped out of the Miracle and Morality plays throughartistic chaos into splendour, show how theyowed their greatness not only to the geniusof men like Shakespeare, but also to the mu- tual education of playwright and audience.The foundations have been laid in Bombayfor such development and such progress. Thetwo factors necessary to progress may wellco-operate increasingly both to purify and toexalt this long-established popularity of Shake- speare, which is even now less simply ba- sed upon his powers of entertainment, amongthe populace of a city of another hemisphere,of a fundamentally different civilization. SCHOOL AND COLLEGE AMATEURS. IT is interesting to observe the unmistakablezest with which school and college ama- teur theatricals busy themselves almost ex- clusively with Shakespeare in English, andhave for favourites precisely those playswhich have been most successful on thepopular stage, Romeo and Juliet, Othello,The Merchant of Venice. The New HighSchool in Bombay, under Mr. Murzban, hasdistinguished itself especially in this respect.And there are positive suggestions, to mymind, that the popular stage may attract Uni- versity Wits both as actors and as playwrights,inspired by the classic Shakespeare in theoriginal to reform and re-create the indige- nous drama in spite of the present socialprejudices. A former student of mine inElphinstone College of the University ofBombay, a brilliant comic actor, informed methat he intended to follow the stage profes- sionally as actor and dramatist. THE TROUBLE WITH THE BARD. AND of course Shakespeare, now thathe is gone aloft and become a manof sense, approves all this entirely.The trouble with the Bard was thetrouble with us all in Europe. Suggestto him in 1 608 that some of his lines shouldbe cut and he would have cried " cutaway Suggest- that whole acts bealtered, and he would agree to have themaltered, so long as he wasn't asked toput in three or four extra weeks' work. But suggest a third " improvement " andhe would break down and tell you to goto the devil. This was his trouble evenas it is ours. Sense we have up to apoint; pass that point and we becomefools. We are even foolish enough toherd together and thrust out our hornsfrom behind a thicket, the Author's So- ciety, and take legal actions to " pro- tect " our plays from being made sens- ible. For (and this rather sensible) ifit once be allowed that another can im- prove one of our masterpieces that otheris as good as we —and this would neverdo,— and so this shall never be. " Awhole share I " ; (" Hamlet " improved).Mr. Sisson then tells us something aboutthe Theatres and actors in India; themore modern Theatres, the modern actors,not those of ancient India. PARALLEL CONDITIONS. INDEED, if one seeks for a parallel to theconditions under which Shakespeare wor- ked, one may find it among the Indian Eli- zabethans of Bombay Theatre-land. Thetheatres are commercial ventures which aimat profit from the delectation of the people,and which are not, and do not pretend tobe, concerned with the drama as literature.They are not patronised by the culturedclasses or by respectable women. TheVictoria Theatre in Grant Road has a largebox, forming part of the gallery, exclusivelyfor the accommodation, and segregation, ofprostitutes, who are enthusiastic patrons, andwho use the theatre as a hunting-ground, evenas Turnbull Street and Pickthatch were oncein close association with Shoreditch and theBankside. The audiences demand action,spectacle, and variety entertainment all in one,and they delight in rhetoric and declamation.Their drama is essentially romantic, in all thesenses of that pretean word, even as theclassic Sanskrit drama is romantic in mostsenses. In this respect, and in others, theinfluence of tradition is strong upon them. Saub-hagya-Sundari, indeed, one of the twoUrdu versions of Othello, takes the spectatorback to Othello's early career and gives awider picture of his life. Even Shakespeareis too restricted, too classic in one sense, forthe Bombay stage. AN ACTORS' CASTE. THE community of actors is, as it were, aseparate caste, isolated from the generalsocial system, and the general attitude of the' respectable ' classes towards them is preciselythat which is familiar to the student of the Eliza- bethan stage. There are no actresses, for wo- men's parts are acted by boys and men. Theexperiment of having women as members ofa company was recently tried, and failedlamentably. They were lazy, forgot theirparts, and paid more attention to their malecolleagues off the stage than on, with the re- sult that the company was set by the ears.At any rate, this was the manager's expla- nation.All actors go through a severe apprentice- ship, and the singers, dancers and fencersare experts, even as they needed to be onthe Elizabethan stage, when no audiencewould tolerate unskilled or perfunctory per- formance in these kinds. The comic starsare great men in the companies, and aremuch given to extemporisation such as Hamletcriticised in the theatre of his day. It isinteresting to note that the most popular ' lea- ding lady' of to-day, Mr. Jayashankar, madehis fame in the part of Sundari (Desdemona)in Saubhagya Sundari.The companies are generally co-operativeconcerns, with ' fellowships in a cry of players'ranging from V2 3 annas in the rupees,i. e. shares from 1/32 to 3/16, for importantactors. Some companies are financed bybusiness men of the stamp of Henslowe,who control them very much after his fas- hion.Plays are written to order often, and areinvariably bought outright, so that the authorhas no further rights in his play. The best companies maintain a paid ' kavi' or play- wright, whose duties are to write new plays,to re-dramatise old and well-tried subjects,to re-furbish old plays or alter or add scenesor topical matter where required. Collabo- ration in the writing of plays is frequent, thecomic part being entrusted to one ' kavi "the serious part to another, the ' romantic 'love-scenes to a third, and the songs to afourth. LONDON INTELLECTUALS. CAN'T you see the London intellectualstrying it? Of course the Drury Lanepatch-workers do try and fail; and couldanything be more sound : unfortunately ifthey can snip and sew they cannot selectnor arrange the patches with any style.Messrs Bummelberg, Blutstein, Hob- hausen, Blumenweg and Hammerhof trybut simply cannot do it as it should bedone. The thought of the percentagesseems to rattle them. Poor Wright couldn'tdo it either. Why they even try, theseoutsiders, heaven only knows. MR. SISSON PROCEEDS. THE Indian peoples have dramatic tenden- cies and dramatic gifts of a high order.India is one of the few remaining countriesof the world where the dramatic expressionof life and feeling is still natural and universal,where rhetoric is enjoyed for its own sake,where eloquence is untrammelled and deve- loped with ardour. The drama is a nationalpastime, and natural actors abound. 1 haveseen a performance in a somewhat remoteState in Rajputana, presented by the subjectsof the cultured and enlightened Maharaj Ranaof Jhalawar, in which the sound dramaticsense of his retainers triumphed over thecrude production, the almost complete absenseof scenery, and the oil-flares, with the heartyco-operation of an unspoiled audience. Theirtragic acting was affecting, and I shall neverforget the comic verve of an ancient andzestful busy-body who always appropriated tohimself the sage remarks and fine sentimentsof his betters, with his ludicrously, insinua- tingly assertive ' Well, that's just what Isay ', in a rotund bass. These were amateuractors, by trade cooks, policemen, soldiers,musicians. I believe the play, the subjectof which was taken from the Mahabharat,was written by the Maharaja's domestic poet- priest, with whom I used to bandy verses,English sonnets for Sanskrit lyrics sent updaily with my morning tea. He was a rarelysimply and beautiful soul, of knightly courtesyand graceful learning.Mr. Sisson now comes to the Cinema,and, with his note on it, we will conclude. THE CINEMA. " HT",HE cinema is perhaps the most dangerousX enemy, after all, that the hoped-fornew drama has to overcome. It is amazinglypopular in India, and the beginning of itsvogue has coincided with the decline of Shake- spearean adaptations on the Bombay stage.There can be no question that this coincidenceis significant ond indicates a further cause ofdecline. An Occidental pseudo-art has herebeen embraced without adaptation, and it isa lamentable fact ". ONE FINAL SUGGESTION. THIS is all thi more, curious becauseCinema and Stage are very far apart.If a closer relative be sought for he canbe found in daily journalism.The prices of Cinema and newspaperare low- The appeal is not much higher.The aim is practically the same. If theaim of the stage were to get rich quickit could do it tomorrow. It has only tobecome unconscious of its descent andcease to value its privileges.And leaving Cinema, leaving India,returning to the place which it is feareoShakespeare may contaminate, we cansuggest but one real solution to the wholequestion, " Shall Shakespeare be playedor banned " ? and that is to have oncemore a real good talk about it. (1) The following note has been kindly contributedby Mr. G. B. Harrison, Honorary Secretary of the Shake- speare Association. Editor.44 The Shakespeare Association which has its headquarters4 at King's College, University of London, Strand, W. C. 2,*• exists to stimulate interest in all kinds of Shakespearean44 study. Meetings are held during the winter months.44 During 1925-26 a series of papers on 44 Shakespeare44 and the Theatre were read, which are very shortly44 to appear in a volume of studies to be issued to mem- -44 bers only, The annual subscription is £1.1.0. for44 members receiving publications and 5/s. for associate mem- -44 bers. The Honorary Secretary, Mr. G B. Harrison,44 M. A„ is always pleased to hear from anyone interested. (l) We have added a few headlines to help things alongfor our enlightened readers. (i) Yet if any producer in England took such a libertywith the text, the only man in the Empire to stand by himwould probably be the play-writer George Bernard Shaw.Editor. (i) Diwan Bahadur Vijayaragacharya tells me it is notso in Madras, (i) How incessantly the loyal and over-worked Secre- tary of the Society of Authors tells us English play-tnakersnever to part with our work outright. He conjures up vi- sions of last days in a garret if we do. Be playwrights andartists if you will, but do be practical like Bernard Shaw, heseems to be saying to us, his brood : for presumably all aremembers of that fine Society,—fine from my point of viewsolely because this good man is concerned lest we shouldlose the world and gain our whole souls. SOME SURVIVING LONDON THEATRESAND THEIR ARCHITECTS. BY E. BERESFORD CHANCELLOR. ONE hardly regards the theatres of Londonas architectural masterpieces; their fa- cades are little capable of artistic treatment,at least a minimum is expended on them ; allthe glory of decorative audacity being confinedto their interiors. Space for one thing pre- vents the theatre designers from doing morethan produce something which is likely tothan .by attract the eye rather by its flambo- yance than by its essential qualities of distinction.It is so much an age of advertisement that thefronts of theatres have become a sort of hoardingon which are displayed illuminative and otherexamples of the wares within—as was thecustom at Bartholomew Fair. Cinemas, too,are as much plastered with photographs as a«Italian tombstone, and architecture becomesa handmaid to reclame.There are, as in everything, exceptions ;the beautiful little Scala Theatre, and thenew Tivoli Music Hall, although an extrastory would have given the latter more dig- nity, are examples; and a certain quaintthrow-back to other days is evident in thenew theatre in Covent Garden ; while TheCapitol in the Hay market (which seemed tospring into being before it was begun —to usean Irishism) possesses certain impressive qua- lities which are far to seek in most of themodern London playhouses.But in earlier days, when theatres wereless numerous than they are today, they builtsuch things in the grand manner; as if theynot only suspected everyone of their housesto be aere perennius but as if they wished toadd to the decorative features of the city.Thus when Davenant erected his play- house in Dorset Gardens, Wren was calledin to design it, and produced a facade, bothto the street and the river, which was notonly impressive and effective in itself, but towhich the sculpture of Grinling Gibbons gavean added distinction. That structure wasdemolished in 1720, and its site was occu- pied, not inappropriately, by the City GasWorks ! Nor are any remains to be found ofthe Duke's Theatre, in Portugal Street, thelast relics of which structure disappeared on the extension of the Royal College of Sur- geons' premises in Lincoln's Inn Fields.But there still remain in London a fewTheatres dating from a later period althoughsufficiently old to be regarded as survivals ofthe historic past. Of these Drury Lane isthe most outstanding. As in the case of nearlyall the older play-houses in London, DruryLane has been the victim of fire ; indeed ithas been burnt down several times since thoseearly days when Killigrew first opened it, in1663. Nine years later it was destroyed(to be precise, in January 1672), and ifPepys does not overstate the case, it was souncomfortable and ill-arranged, as to be nogreat loss.Wren designed its successor which it isinteresting to know cost £ 4000—the earlierone had been erected for considerably lessthan half that sum; and although Drydendescribes it as " plain built—a bare conve- nience only ", one may be sure that, beingthe work of Wren, it was not without specialarchitectural merit. It was opened in 1674,and existed for many years, being refacedby the Adams, before Garrick had left it.But it was not large enough for an increasedpopulation of play-goers, and, in 1794, a newhouse was erected by Henry Holland. Thissurvived till the night of February 24th 1809,when the whole of London was illuminatedby the glare which was soon known to becaused by the burning of the theatre. Theflames were visible for miles beyond themetropolis, and gave an additional glow tothe interior of the House of Commons whereSheridan, the principal shareholder in DruryLane, happened to be engaged in the de- bate.No time was lost in rebuilding, and Ben- jamin Nyatt designed the new structure whichwas opened in the October of 1812, andwhich, with the addition of the Portico someyears later and the colonnade formed in 1831,is substantially the Drury Lane we knowtoday, and, with the exception of Sadler'sWells, the oldest existing play-house in London.Co vent Garden shares with Drury Lane a distinctive fame among London's theatres,and, like its neighbour, it has been severaltimes burnt to the ground. The first CoventGarden Theatre was erected, from the designsof Edward Shepherd, in 1 733 by John Rich,the famous inaugurator of pantomimes, whohad hitherto been running the play house inLincoln's Inn Fields. Hogarth's print (if itbe Hogarth's, about which there is somequestion) entitled " Rich's Glory ", showsthe manager entering into possession of hisnew theatre.In course of time it was found necessaryto enlarge and reconstruct the building ; andthis was done so thoroughly, no less than£ 30,000 being spent on it, that it emergedsubstantially a new house, and was openedas such in September 1792. But it had onlya short life, and in September 1808 wasburned to the ground, many lives being lostin the fire. Three months later, George,Prince of Wales laid the foundation stone ofthe new building, of which Sir RobertSmirke was the architect, and which costno less tham £ 150000.It was on its opening in 1809, that thefamous O. P. riots occurred which resultedin the new theatre being turned into a bear- garden for weeks after.This, the third Covent Garden, remainedfor many years later, unappropriated, untilJullien opened it with his Promenade Con- certs, during the seasons of 1843- i 845 ; tobe followed by Italian opera, in 1847 ; forwhich latter purpose it continued to be usedtill March, 1856, on the sth of which month,a fire broke out in the early morning, after abal masque had taken place here, and entire- ly gutted the building. On its ruins rose,in 1858, the present structure which wasdesigned by E. M. Barry, on a far largerscale than its predecessor ; its main exteriorfeature being the Corinthian portico, and thefigures (relics of the former house) by Flaxmanand Rossi, let into niches in the wall.Another London theatre which remainsfrom earlier days is the Lyceum, designedby S. Beazley, and first opened in 1834,after an earlier house converted into a theatrein 1790, and enlarged in 1809, had beenburned down in 1830. In former days whatis now the pit door in the Strand was theprincipal entrance ; but Beazley's Corinthiancolumns in Wellington Street have for over ninety years formed the well-known facadeof the famous play-house.Beazley was fond of this classic conven- tion, and he employed it again when hedesigned the St. James's Theatre for Braham,in 1835. The exterior remains practically ashe left it, but the interior was remodelled in1879 ; and since then has been subjected, asha ve the interiors of all the older play-houses,to such alterations as the London CountyCouncil's bye-laws have from time to timemade necessary.The Haymarket Theatre, or " The LittleTheatre in the Haymarket ", stood immediate- ly to the north of the present structure.It was a quaint little place, built by a car- penter named John Potter, and was firstopened in 1721. In course of time it passedthrough the hands of a number of well- known actor-managers, Macklin and Footeand Coleman among them ; while many fa- mous histrions have made their first appea- rance in London here, including Cooke andHenderson and Bannister, Elliston and Liston.In 1820 the little house was closed, andin the following year the present theatre,which was designed by Nash, was opened.Its classic portico is effective from any point,but chiefly as seen, through the trees ofSt. James's Square, from King Street, whenit fills up the view in a most satisfying way,especially in London where hardly any ofthe few vistas we do posses, has an ap- propriate ' finish '.When the Bancrofts took the Haymarket in1879, they entirely reconstructed the interior ;one of the most marked changes (not madewithout hostile demonstration) being the con- version of the pit into additional stalls.In the Strand of so many theatres, thereare practically no old ones, unless it be theAdelphi once called " The Sans Pareil ",which was originally opened in 1806, butwhich has been much altered in the processof time, the Strand front being widened andwholly reconstructed in 1888; and the Vau- deville, which was erected by Mr. C. J.Phillips, in 1870. Gone are Terry's Theatrewhich Mr. Walter Emden designed, andwhich was as fire-proof as human ingenuitycould make it, and the Gaiety of NellieFarren and Fred Leslie, which had datedfrom 1868, and was demolished in 1903.-The New Gaiety, new no longer, which Norman Shaw designed on classic lines verydifferent from the rococo style of its prede- cessor, stands on the site of two courts,Helmet Court and Angel Court, propertyin which former by-way was once appro- priately held by Henry Condell, one ofShakespeare's fellow-actors. The very sitesof the little underground Olympic in WychStreet, and the Globe, on part of old Lyon'sInn, are forgotten; and the Opera Comique,close by, is buried beneath Aid wych—theAldwycb in which new play-houses havearisen, one of which has resuscitated thatname of the Globe which has such a Shakes- pearean sound ahout it. His Majesty's is anew structure on the site of Vanbrugh'sOpera House; but the little Royalty inDean Street, once Miss Kelly s, is eighty- seven this year, and even the Criterion ofThomas Verity, which once seemed so modernis (eheu ! fugaces !) over half a century old!Theatres are not merely architectural fea- tures, when any attempt is made to give themexternal distinction as well as internal luxury,but they are also social landmarks : for theyindicate the trend of fashion in our pleasures,and in no direction so much as in our pleas- ures is fashion capable of being so markedlyexhibited. Once in remote days they werein the fastnesses of Shore ditch; anon theycrossed the river; later it was Fleet Street andLincoln's Inn Fields that had to be scouredto find them; still later, as the migration ofcitizens westward took place, they penetratedinto the Strand and the Haymarket andDrury Lane; until in our own days we findthem everywhere from Hampstead to Ham- mersmith ; while Shaftesbury Avenue seems tothe excited imagination one vast playhouse.Among all the new ones that have come,and are coming, it is pleasant to find someof the old guard still dressed in the garbwith which Nash and Holland and Beazleyclothed them; and to the acti,it must be a matter of some satisfaction torealise that, at least externally, such are notamong the least dignified and distinguished tobe found in London. HARLEQUIN A NOTE AND SOME DATES. E. G. C. MR. Sacheverell Sitwell in his Preface to 44 The Historyof Harlequin a handsome volume written andpublished by Mr. Cyril Beaumont, makes a curious state- ment about Callot, and the role of Harlequin, saying that44 If we look at the Works of Jacques Ca110t.... we findno sign of Harlequin, He came into full being a littlelater than Callot's day.... "In my copy of the 1919 reprint of Callot's 44 Ballidi Sfessania" designed and engraved in 1622 and dea- ling with the masks of the Commedia dell'Arte, I findHarlequin in the background of four of the twenty-fourplates—and possibly in six.1. In the Plate of 44 Guatsetto—Mestolino ". There heis, leaping in the air. I count eight or nine of his patchesbesides recognizing other signs.2. In the plate of 44 Franca Trippa—Fritellino *\ Heis embracing a girl and is seen just bahind the left leg ofFritellino. Only two or three patches show.3. In the Plate of 44 Scaramuccia Fricasso " he is onthe extreme right of the plate embracing a girl : three orfour patches show,4. In the Plate showing 44 Francischina—Gian Farina "he is in the centre background and walking on his hands.I count eight or nine patches.I am less certain about the two other plates: thatshowing 44 Sigra. Lucia—Trastullo " and that of 44 CapBabeo—Cucula " ; but it seems to me that the second smallfigure from the right in the first plate is he, and in thesecond he seems to me to hold the bellows :—both areanyhow in patched costumes.The Harlequin as seen by Callot is the same fellowTristano Martinelli made4 him, though Callot does not givehim a black mask. Compare the costume of Martinelli(Luigi Rasi, &lt;4 I Comici Italiani ", vol. 2. p. 97, 98, 99,100) with the Callot designs,Instead of coming 44 into full being a little later thanCallot's day " he preceded him by many a year. Howmany no one seems to know ; but the authorities tell ussomething.Callot was born in 1592 and died in 1635. Harle- quin appeared in his patched coat and trousers first underthe name of Zani, but he appeared. It is this costumewhich distinguishes him from the other Zanis.We cannot know how many remarkable actors playedthis particular fool before the Commedia dell'Arte was ta- ken up hy society. It was only when society began tomake a fuss about these astonishing actors that the direc- tors saw fit to boom individuals who 44 came into fullbeing " by grace of Society's usual contribution to allthings—vulgarity. But amongst early Harlequins we arecertain of the following :Alberto Ganassa from 1568-78, was in Mantova,Ferrara, Milano, Paris and acting the role of Harlequin.In Spain in 1574 Harlequin appearing.Drusiano Martinelli flourished 1572 to 1598 and actedHarlequin.Simone, in 1 574, Venice in 1 579, Mantova. TristanoMartinelli Born (c) 1556. Died 1630 at about 75 yearsof age, both acted Harlequin, ...so the authorities tell us.And these all precede Callot by some years. ELECTRA.A Design for a Stage Scene by Gordon Craig (1905). Plate 14. THE FILMS REAL CRITICISM PLEADED FOR BY REVEREND GENTLEMANAT FILM LUNCHEON. I. IN Glasgow, Friday May 13 th •( alucky date) the Cinema Club oj that Cityincited to its usual monthly luncheon theRev. H. S. Mc Lelland B. A., B. D.,F. R. G. S., who made a speech. The re- verend gentleman comes of theatrical stockand has himself appeared on the films. Hemade a strong plea for British films for ouroverseas Colonies—films showing British homelife and habits, not travesties or other coun- tries' ideas of our land and people. He saidtoo that he would like the Press of today togive real criticism of the films.So now let me have a try. II. ROBINSON CRUSOE. I will not say that the whole of this film isa travesty— sea, hills and sky take a lot ofmishandling before they will come down tothe notions of unimaginative men, and allythemselves with these anti-artists to betrayNature. But a Robinson Crusoe with a pot- belly is preposterous, and that is what Mr.Wetherell gives him—and us.When Robinson Crusoe was ship-wreckedon the famous island he was twenty-cevenyears of age. He was a sailor—had for someyears worked on the ship and was in the fullvigour of a British manhood. He then tookhis dose of solitary island life.Exercising all day in a tropical heat, aloneand obliged to do all things for himself, hisbody developed until there remained to himnot one ounce too much fat or flesh. Hebecame perfect physically.And the intensity of the solitude playedwith such a force on his spirit that he be- came almost perfect spiritually.It is these two outstanding facts whichenchant all of us who read about Crusoe toourselves. In the silence of the reading weenter the silence of the Island. We too areutterly alone—for we have become Crusoe. When in a theatre the story is turnedinto a pantomime, (and the theatre is the onlyplace wherein we have seen our great friendstaged) we are not alone. There are generallysome two thousand jolly spectators, manymunching chocolates, around us. In the Ci- nema house there are even more—for Cinemais more popular than is the theatre even at pan- tomime time.In the Cinema the silence and the soli- tude—the two essentials—are gone, and can- not, it would seem, be captured, for ourneighbours disturb us by their presence, themusic annoys us by its blatancy. It is nothighbrow to love this solitude and silence,for I have seen a gardener who was fond ofreading Crusoe go away with his book inthe evening if anyone in the cottage beganto stir or talk.But if these first two essentials cannot besecured for us we can anyhow expect to findthe third essential—that is to say, we expectto see on the screen a young man of twenty- seven in perfect physical condition ;—athletic,alert, dreaming and practical at the same time.Now look at Mr. Wetherell. He is aparody of the figure of Robinson Crusoe. Mr.Wetherell has a good face and has had theenergy to travel 8,000 miles and more " tofilm this story in its original location ", ... sothe Kinematograph Weekly informs us. But,alas, the Kinematograph Weefaly has beenfooled. Alexander Selkirk, say what youmay, is not and never can be RobinsonCrusoe: and if the local colour to some Filmentitled " Alexander Selkirk " can be soughtfor in the isle of Juan Fernandes latitude 34longitude 80, the local colour for RobinsonCrusoe can only be looked for in Defoe's book.I will not here show you how utterly" incorrect " this great Defoe was in all hisstatements for we don't care a rap if he wascorrect or incorrect;—he succeeds ....he makesus believe ; he convinces us step by step. Butif you test any of the things that he swearsour young Robinson did, you will find hecouldn't have done them and that the wholestory is a perfect lie—a perfect one.I have measured and calculated and so Iknow. Sometimes Defoe is by chance exact ;more often he is merely fantastical. Exacti- tude bothers him no more than it botheredShakespeare, Stendhal or any great writer.This is one more proof that, to give a semblance of verity, a writer, a painter, anactor need not trouble his head about ac- tual fact.So then Mr. Wetherell need not havegone eight thousand miles and more to look forwhat can best be found in a book to be boughtfor a shilling in the Charing Cross Road.I happen just now to be making a fewdesigns depicting Robinson Crusoe. Aftermaking a few rough sketches about a monthago I had the usual spell of weakness whichaccompanies all such attacks to which theillustrator is subject. I too longed to seethe Island.... to know exactly what kind ofseas, what kind of rock formation and whattrees Robinson was in the midst ofI wasted some days looking for these inbooks and magazines illustrated by photo- graphs of coral islands, Pacific and Atlanticwaves, and so on. I enjoyed it very much,but after three such days I gave it up. I hadfound a palm or two, a floating cask, a bitof beach,—but what was that?—what wasthis ? -1 found I was losing the whole Islandand its single inhabitant, and all for a cask,a palm, and a little sand.It is practically what Mr. Wetherell did—but I stopped in time ; he went doggedlyon—went on 8000 miles. Good dog Dingo.But he should have tired of his searchafter three days as I did. His imaginativefaculty should have revolted and saved himand the situation as it did for me. For Iwent back to the book—I relied only onDefoe, and I am now making an authentic surveyof the Island of young Robinson. Not onetrue inch is being recorded—all is Defoe'siantasy, and my fidelity is at the service ofthat madman.Defoe's the thing and he isn't photo- graphable ; but I fancy that after six monthsor six days handling the tools of the FilmTrade I too could produce Robinson Crusoeto satisfy a few millions who have never readthe book and never will. III. THAT is the worst of it. The Cinemaprevents one reading a book from whicha film has been taken. I know it for it hasprevented me from reading the " PromessiSposi ", the romance which Walter Scottpraised unstintingly and which this year hascelebrated its centenary. I wanted much to read it and by chanceI saw the film;—and when I began to readit some months later the Sim kept on comingbetween me and the book. Manzoni fled.So, rather than see such a spectacle as agreat author beaten off and out of his ownwork by a film 1 put down the book andshall not take it up again. I know the story—I saw it all happening—it was so real thatunless 1 again see certain things in the Manzonibook which were shown in the film (and Icouldn't find them) I shall not believe ; andfaith for a reader is essential, no matter whatlies the story-teller may tell you. IV. SO much for a first attempt to criticise thefilms. The Rev. H. S. Mc Lelland willnot be satisfied, I fear ; but I will try to dobetiei next time. EVERARD PEUMBLINE. MONEY. REAL AND FANTASTIC. FIRST class stuff, money.Real money - pay-as-you-buy money.The other thing had better be called in.But how call in fantastic money—air mo- ney talked money—confidence trick money ?1 hate to mention the name of Mussolinilest 1 be rapped severely over the knucklesby my good Editor, who leaves me generallyat large but calls me to account if I growpoetical or political.1 will beg him to allow me to defendmyself here by admitting that I cannot beeither poetical or political and never try. ButI'm as fond of the notion Byron and the no- tion Mussolini as any man, and that's all 1ever mean.I like the swing of the first and the strideof the second. Two doctors,—one smiles,the other frowns. And if a frown in Eng- land would rid us of these great financiers'£jand save them from committing suicide, itseems to me it would be better for us all.Assuredly better for our Theatre.We need a little money to run our Thea- tres for the Public. We do not need finan- ciers to work them for us. Because financierscannot work theatres. If they were artists, ifthey were actors or dramatists,—if they wereable to devote all their time to this curiouslydifficult undertaking—the providing of first- class Theatre work for the Public—we wouldthrow down our tools and welcome thefinanciers and beg them to show us how todo it. *But the day a financier sets his foot ona stage, even if so modestly retiring as wasMr. James White, that theatre is ruined. Itpays its way and goes to hell at once.It can't be helped ;—it must come to ruinand the public suffers. THE PUBLIC SUFFERS. HOW does the public suffer ?Well, it's a dear old public after all,isn't it ? Let us blame everyone from artists tofinanciers—but let us remember the public isall of us at our best,—waiting and ready tobe pleased.And the fare which even the greatest offinanciers would spread before it must disa- gree with it.Seeing a plentiful dish, it swallows it.It even learns to bolt it in time. And we cri- tics then pretend to be surprised that it issuffering acute indigestion.This is how the too rich food of the finan- cier causes the Public to suffer.Financiers and their money are supposedto be very real practical things. No non- sense about them, says everyone.Artists and their arts are held to bevery fanciful unreal things—essentially un- practical.But the truth is that the arts are perhapsthe most real things we possess, as we may,I hope, come in time to realise more se- riously.Not so that we may take our pleasures se- riously, but that we may not continue to besuch fools—fooled by a show of money—fooled by every pretense rather than under- stand a bit better.Numbers of professional people will dis- agree with the notion that the financier shouldbe asked to keep his place. It pays themto have him near. The argument is soundand contemptible. But while a financier such as White canutterly ruin a theatre or two, there probablyexist one or two financiers who are sound- men : by that I mean men who do not sprawlover the stage they are happy to support.Such men of course do not squander vastenough sums on the Theatre, nor do theypromise it airy millions which don't exist.They do not talk like White saying " I havethe best theatre and the best ' stars " ; theyeither become Theatrical managers—-drop oiland the stock exchange and become one ofthe profession; or they support it and noone hears of them: —they prefer very wiselynot to be heard of. When they listen to adinner table of guests saying " Quite the bestTheatre in London " they smile to themselvesand derive real happiness from that.They are not great financiers if theirpleasures are not procurable without ruininga whole theatre." Jimmy White was intensely proud ofall his shows " writes a friend of his. Therewe have it:—proud of rubbish.Such a man might have been proud in- deed had he helped to establish a theatre inwhich the best artists of the age were assem- bled : but proud of it not because he'ddone it but because....But it is quite useless for us to supposethat financiers of that type can ever under- stand anything.Some day we shall be able to be proudof our financiers. At present we are not. "LIFE A BIG FRAUD".WHAT JAMES WHITE THOUGHT. " T am 60 years of age " he said, or rather shouted in1 my ear " and I tell you life is a damn fraud, Whatare we but a heap of hungry animals, thrusting each otheraside and climbing over each other *\Daily Mail. July j. 7927.IT is just because most money men think like this andmost artists do not, that some things are safest if trustedto the artists and not to business men.YET White was left in charge of London Theatres andpeople are surprised that the Theatres were and stillare going to the dogs. REINHARDT AND CO. ANTONIO GALLI. ELECTRA.As Produced by the Reinhardt Company (1903). Plate 15. KABALE UND LIEBE.As Produced by the Reinhardt Company (1904) Plate 16. Th. des Dèlassements Comiques, 1841. Thèâtre des Jeunes Elèves, 1814. Thèâtre du Petit Lazzari, 1830. REINHARDT and his organization have neverbeen adequately dealt with in " TheMask yet it is one of the very best orga- nizations of the modern European stage, andthe organization which shares with The MoscowArt Theatre the honour of having given birthto almost all the organizations which todaystruggle together for precedence.These two have done more than anyothers to popularize the ideas to which artistsgave birth at the end of the last century.Much has been written in books andmagazines about Reinhardt, but not very muchis really known of the way he works. Thebest and certainly the most entertaining bookabout him appeared in Germany in 1920,entitled " Reinhardt und seine Buhne " byErnst Stern and Heinz Herald. Publishedby Dr. Eysler and Co, Berlin, it soon raninto twenty thousand copies and has by nowpassed that figure.This is mainly because of Reinhardt'spopularity in his native land. But its successwas largely due to Ernst Stern the designer,who crammed the book (not a large one)with little sketches, big drawings, end piecesand what not on every page. Were I afirm like Reinhardt and Co. I would valuesuch a useful artist highly. And it must notbe thought that I am here poking fun at theProfessor who has done so much for theGerman stage because I speak of him andhis company as a Firm. I poke no fun, forit is a very serious matter.It is because it is serious, a serious Firm,that it has pushed its way to the front. Noother firm can for a moment be comparedwith it. I am sometimes tempted away fromthis description of Professor Reinhardt's affair:1 am often tempted to call it The ReinhardtBrothers ; for, if the able Professor is head ofthe whole show, his brother, Edmund Reinhardt,(who deserves to be raised to a professorship)is of an importance which cannot be over- estimated. He is head of the whole business.His is the genius for organization, andwithout him the lucky professor would havehad a much rougher time. I very muchdoubt whether he would not have been forcedback into the ranks of the theorists, whereasnow he passes as one of the really practical men. " What Craig dreams Reinhardt prac- tises " has for many years now been thecry (l): but he would not have practised atall lacking his brother Edmund.Again, these two alone would have notgone very far had it not been for the super- lative talents possessed by Professor Max.His first talent is this : he can pick out ableassistants and manage them (aided by HerrEdmund) as few other managers are able todo. He can put them to producing for hima play or an opera or a ballet as certainlyno one in Germany had deemed possible.His second talent is an astounding capacityto listen to suggestions and to pick up ideasfrom other people, and apply them.When he began to manage a companysometime about 1902 or earlier Richard Va- lentin was one of those who provided himwith clever notions none of which werelost on the clever Reinhardts.Our English and American publics areapt to suppose that the work of this Firmhas always been of the quality shown in" The Miracle " CEdipus Rex " and" Sumurun ", whereas it was once verydifferent. In fact no one who saw a " Rein- hardt" production in 1902-1903 would supposeit to be by the same group that produced otherand more ambitious things later.Perhaps the group did change and perhapsnewer agents were brought in who were setto gathering ideas to submit to theBe this as it may, let us not stop to botherabout that: let us rather take a look at thekind of thing the firm of Reinhardt put its nameto in 1902-3. The new generation may careto have it made a little clearer. THE REINHARDT TOUCH IN 1902-4. I give you here a photograph of half thescene for " Elektra ", Hofmannsthal's" Elektra ". The whole being 12 feet highby about 20 feet broad 9 suppose ( 15).The figure in the foreground is that ofGertrud Eysoldt as " Elektra ", and in thedoorway stands Rosa Bertens, the " Kjitem- nestra ", and two attendants holding torchespresumbly by Baruch. We have to note thecramped and rugged effect of this half scene,the other half of which was twin to it. Nobility of line there is none: the colour was that ofany other cellar; the stone-work more or lessrealistically dabbed in by good scenepaintersand made to look very real.The performers (especially Fraulein Ey- soldt) , were more or less realistic in theiractions and their speech. If anything a littletoo jerky, but ernst, very admirably ernst.Some critics said that the attempt to be downrightsincere at all cost, cost a good deal too much :the tragedy never seemed to wake up neverthrilled ; but everyone had to admit that itwas treated all very much more realisticallythan Berlin had been accustomed to see itsElektras treated. Elektra herself was clearlydefined as a young woman in revolt. Shehated Klitemnestra; one could see that plainlyshe was really quite cross and worried and,what is more, she launched her invective withsuch force it seemed nearly to shatter herevery time she did it.When 1 saw the piece I remember feelingsorry for this young actress. I must explainthat I was unaware it was the great Eysoldtwho was before me and I was sorry becauseI believed that some young understudy hadbeen put on at a moment's notice to pullthrough and I applauded loudly. I wasrivetted upon her doings and sayings Iwas so anxious. When it was all over Ilooked at the programme yes, it was " dieEysoldt! ! " I asked my neighbour if it wasshe ; he said it was and said he was so gladto notice how thrilled I had been.The whole production of this tragedy wasadequate not more.Much more than adequate was the pro- duction of " Kabale and Liebe " ( 16)Schiller's brilliant drama in 1904.In this Reinhardt acted, and Valentin tooand Lucie Hoflich who later became FrauReinhardt. Emanuel Reicher and Wintersteinwere in the cast which was as good an all-roundcast as it could possibly be wished. And thescenic side of the work was admirable. As yousee by the picture here. Neat, gemutlich, clever,nothing over-done, or under-done; it was quiteone of the best things this German firm ever gave.As is natural. For the Germans are by na- ture able to deal with the kind of drama.Reinhardt acted splendidly; though not a" great " performance it was better than" great " : it was excellent.Scene after scene was neat and good ; all went rapidly on ; there, and not since,we had a genuine Reinhardt German show.For " Salome " ( Pla 17) had not beenquite genuine: it was the beginning of the end.Someone had told the producer that bigblue cloths, unnatural acting, plainer costumingand decorative effects were being used twoyears previously in London, and that " stylein mise- en-scene was now to replace " historicalaccuracy " or" actualities ". And Reinhardtsaid quite simply " My dear Edmund, if derstil is a la mode in the Theatre we mustbe in der stil ". And he set his agents atwork to search for it all around Germany(l).All the talk at that time was about this thineOnew to Theatres der still, and the aimwas to stilisieren (2) everything on the stage.It's a queer thing to realise, that style cannot be found by searching for it in that way.Still, they worked hard and became moreand more decorative and less and less realistic.Innerlich.... ausserlich was all very well,thought the Firm, but v/e must first get it inbefore it can come out.And then began the complete Craigizationof the great Firm of Reinhardt (3).That was about the year 1901-5. It had awhile earlier been trying to learn(4) from MoscowMoscow's speciality, ie, how to do the realisticplays. To a certain extent it made goodhere ; " Nachtazil " (5) was not entirely thebest Moscow Art Theatre brand but it wasan honest attempt to be and it achieveda distinct success and ran into five hundredperformances.Then " The Winter's Tale " : herethe Reinhardts believed they had got hold ofthe Craig notion ; but while the productionmade quite a stir and a success, the groupfelt it had not quite got hold of der stil.Meantime the artists collected together byReinhardt designers, stage managers, andmen with clever notions, were kept at work.... and this is so very much to the credit ofGermany: for, if it had not patiently sup- ported the Firm of Reinhardt, these artistswould not have been able to have been kepthard at work. If Reinhardt and Co. havewon through it is because of loyal and lastingsupport by Germans ; it is because Reinhardtwas never allowed to ask twice for funds,for men, and enthusiastic support of all.Bre source of delight to this firm wasns Diehbuhne or turning stage: and becauseit was such a delight and a genuine nativeone, good results of the attractive DrehbuhneKind were obtained. To " Macbeth ", to7 , e, Merchant of Venice ", to " MidsummerNight s Dream and to " Faust " in fact:2, near'y f their plays at the Deutschestheater this turn-table stage did good service.Especially to " Penthesilea " by FCleistwas it useful, and especially well did Sternmake it act: simple and good was hiswork here.But all the time the Firm was feelingcramped. It was wanting to develop moreof the larger English ideas and it knew thattais would be impossible in the crampedup space of the stage of the Deutschesi heatre; it wanted to realize that vasttheatre sketched in a certain booklet of 1905which that year appeared in Berlin in itsGerman translation.Before long it had realized it to a greatextent and again it is greatly to the creditof the Germans who supported their GermanProfessor that it was realized. It is alsogreatly to the credit of the German Jews,who not only like works of art, but are fondof the Theatre and are glad to find the Christianelement of the people of Germany not anti- pathetic towards advance and experiment;happily the Germans are never indifferentto the arts of the theatre (I&gt;.1 he Grosses Schauspielhaus was then, asa result of all this, conceived by the Firm.The Reinhardts, supported by dozens ofbackers, took a circus, and, marching theirtroop of producers, designers, actors, actresses,painters and architects into the place, trans- formed it into a theatre for tragedies andmelodramas.The " Trilogy " of /Eschylus was attemp- ted and " CEdipus The Firm was ratherpleased with itself: the idea was born in1910 we are told : but this is not true: theidea was born in 1900 and in England, andin 1910 this Firm saw away with goodGerman aid to realize it.All its experience from 1902 in its foursmaller theatres (l), each theatre over-lappingthe other with most methodical good sense,all this experience of eight years with fourtheatres, was of the utmost value to the Firm.It knew what its combined force coulddo when now it ventured out to do more inthe Grosse Schauspielhause: it knew whatstage directors, artists, actors, singers it couldcall on: it knew its supers. Again let usremember that this experience of eight yearswith four theatres had only been made pos- sible because of the loyal and patriotic sup- port of Germans for Germans.Then as soon as it could move, it triedall sorts of big things: " The Miracle "was one of these.It is not difficult to produce such a spec- tacle : all that is needed to do it without ahitch is eight years' experience with fourtheatres performing for three hundred andsixty five days and nights per year and theloyal and enthusiastic support of the largestand best part of a nation : and the valuableantagonism of a large section of the public.Antagonism to a man of talent with anidea of value who is supported is notbad : antagonism to any such man not sup- ported is merely foul play.Reinhardt and Co have not been unlucky.During the war and the German Revolutionthe Firm suffered less than did the MoscowArt Theatre another organization well sup- ported by funds and the enthusiasm of thepublic.And now this German organization, some- what changed, is proposing to repeat itsold success " The Miracle " with the remark- able trappings of Mr. Geddes the Americanto help to make it seem new. But stillthis Firm has no IDEA of its own:borrowed notions or notions bought and paidfor is the most it ever has to offer. Asperhaps will be seen more clearly if theaccompanying designs are looked at curiously.Were 1 a German I would put up a statue some day to Edmund Reinhardt; andon one side of the pedestal should be in lowi • /• ®relief a group of financiers, all good oldGerman jews, bless them for their pluck; andon the other side would be the group ofGerman assistants. Max would not be visible&gt;but he would be in the heart of the statue of his great brother. —— 1THREE LITTLE THEATRESo OF PARIS. oREPRODUCED FROMNEW PARIS GUIDE FOR 1 859. (i) Craig began by doing the thing in 1900 before, anyoneelse, and damme if he isnt called theorist. (1) Reiiihardt's group were not alone in hunting thiscockatrice : many a hardy German scholar and artist joinedin the quest of what it must be admitted was anyhow a fabu- lous little animal.(2) Stilisieren. v. a. to write elegantly or carefully, towork to reduce to geometrical forms. (Tauchnitz).(3) The reader will find illuminatiou on this point bystudying, in the light of the Reinhardt Cempany's later work,the two designs by Gordon Craig reproduced in plates 14and 18.(4) 44 Learn to dance 44 learn to be gay n, 44 will todance 44 wi11.... n and so on and so on, was being repeatedand repeated all over Germany in iqoo and iqos.(5I Maxim Gorki's play known to us as 44 The LowerDepths ", first produced by Stanislawsky in Moscow andsoon after in Berlin by Reinhardt's group, Valentin againdoing a lion's share. (i) This is not the case in all lands : unfortunatelyit is not the case in England or in France, where only theold-fashioned elements are felt to be. safe, and where indif- ference is encouraged as a sure sign of superiority. (T) Kleines Theater, 1902-1905 : Neues Theater, 1903-1906 :Deutsches Theater, 1905-1910: Kammerspiel, 1906-1910. TWO LADIES. SALOME.As Produced by the Reinhardt Company (1902). Plate 17. HE said: " It is the same with ladiesas with dramatists—bad dramatists, Imean "." What do you mean by that ? " I asked." Bad dramatists nowadays believe thatthey are only on the road to writing a greatplay when they can teach something throughit, and ladies stupid ladies, I mean—areequally serious about teaching. But I donot mean dull ladies, but clever and charmingladies who become stupid thinking it allout" Thinking what all out ? ".Thinking how they can get their ownway—bring us all up.And do they ? 1 asked, " do theybelieve that in getting their own way theyare teaching the others something ? "" Apparently " he replied, " for look atthis story of the Princess des Ursins. Wasshe not quite the stupidest woman of herage, and for all this considered one of itsvery cleverest ? And most of the other courtladies of her time—how stupid they appearin this book He tossed it over to me." Have you read it ? " I asked." Every line " he said, rising and puttingon his overcoat." And you think 1 have time to read ittoo? 1 asked, for 1 felt that as he had readit he might have taken the little extra troubleto review it and thereby save me the task.Unless you read it you won't be ableto review it, and when you've read it youwont know what to say.... 1 don't.... so 1leave it to you. It's not a history, it's a longseries of novels, and not a dull line from be- ginning to end ".if you were to stop a while and tellme the story in your own way and briefly,couldn t I by taking down what you sayavoid reviewing the book and read it after- wards ? ".He seemed to like the idea, and so, over- coat and all, he sat down at my table in thefurthest corner of the Cafe Rcsse andbegan :" This is the story of a fool —she wascalled the Princess des Ursins : no real Prin- cess at all but of a younger branch of theTremo'ille family. A Frenchwoman—pretty —lived to the age of eighty ; for the firstfifty-eight years did practically nothing ;—thengoverned Spain for about fourteen years,twice was nearly crowned queen, and heldby Saint-Simon to be " illustrious " amongthe most illustrious of her time—and wasactually a really great foolHe didn't lean back, nor puff out thetraditional three rings of cigarette smoke norfrown. His eyebrows were neither raisednor lowered : his voice was neither emphaticnor lackadaisical. He was looking steadily atthe corner of the book which he had againtaken up when he began to speak. This hecontinued to do until he had finished and henever moved. " That " I thought, " is justthe concentration I should not have broughtto bear on the beastly book'',—for it wasthe fourteenth book I had had to reviewthat week." She was indeed a charming woman, thisyoung but matured lady of fifty-eight: shewas beautiful as she was charming, as ableas she was beautiful, as talented as able,and a great fool. She believed that shecould manage people, took people for pup- pets, and it is of course one of the greatestfollies to do that. And so from ruling Spainshe fell, and in one hour. She fell out ofthe throne into nothing, ....wherein she floun- dered and died "." She had as puppets the King of Spain-—Philippe V, that monarch who, promisingas a youth, was practically an idiot after herfourteen years rule. She was his guide fromthe age of nineteen and she was the guideand confidante of his young wife—his firstwife:—consider how great her failure thatshe was unable to shape him in those four- teen years. All she could do was to " boss "him, her, and the court. You know what Imean by " boss " : 1 cannot find a betterword to express precisely what she did andfailed to do. We rule, we bring up, wemanage or we boss She bossed. It is won- derful how often we see women blessed withthe capacity to bring up children, especiallyfemale children; also to manage some depart- ment ; but seldom can they rule, and nevershould they boss "." This lady was so very charming, withsuch honesty and truth in her disposition, thatI grieve to think she fell so suddenly andthat it was all through her own fault". ' This writer here"—he held up thebook " tries to find all kinds of reasons forher failure and never alights on the correctone. She puts it down to the enemies ofthe Princess ....it can only be put down toherself"." Among her friends was Louis XIV—a curious man who never let himself begoverned though the others supposed hewas well under their control. A man whobrought himself to do and say the right thingto everyone although another excessivelyfoolish woman, Madame de Maintenon, formany years too many, made it more difficultfor him than was necessary. Still, presumablyshe filled a certain need as did the manyhundred others who surrounded the King.There is no doubt that he was a King,whereas Philippe V, of Spain (his grand- son) around whom the Princess des Ursinsbuzzed, was not quite a king. Whether thismade it easier for her or more difficult itwere hard to say. Richelieu might havetrained such a being as Philippe V—or hewould have removed him. She had not, weare to suppose, ever dreamed of removingpeople : she was charming : she supposed shecould pull the strings of anything and it woulddance as she wished : she found it dancedas she wished nine times out of twelve. Shewas playing at the game of marionnettes,which in itself is a silly thing to do if youonly have flesh and blood for dolls. Fleshand blood dolls are the very worst kind ofpuppets "." The author of this book is always talk- ing of puppets. I should rather comparethe Princess des Ursins to a ring-master.She has that air—and she cracks her whipall the time "." There is another woman whose bookhas just appeared ; a certain beile Otero—a Spanish dancer—celebrated. You have pro- bably never heard of her " : ....here he didlean back and puffed out some imaginary ringsof smoke.I hadn't heard of this book; I pricked upmy ears:—a book by a dancer, ....why Icould easily review that: but he was off onto it and I could only scribble down quicklyall he said."This Otero ....a very fine woman in manyways, gives the Princess entirely away, for shesays that once, when she had quarrelled with her lover Pacco or Quaco or some name likethat, she left him and went to live alone ina Hotel. She says that " she liked " (I re- member the words for I read them over so asnever to forget them), " I lifted" she said " tobe thought proud, wild and a little formidablebut at the bottom the whole thing was abluff "." The Princess never admitted that." I could tell you more of this belle Otero....a very fine woman in many ways.... butyou had better read that book yourself "." To return to the Princess ", he went on:" Her fall was brought about by the se- cond wife of Philippe V. The first wifewas one of her " puppets "; she bossedher; she told her she was a badly dressedslut or words to that effect, bustled her,hustled her ; flattered her; mentally drew onher and held her at the pistol's mouth "." After that fourteen years went all rightwith that queen, though in all those yearswhile she bossed the King she never chan- ged him, bettered him or brought him tounderstand an ything "." The Queen died and a second Queencame along. The Princess went to meet thisnew Puppet so as to show her who was who.And like a great donkey she began imme- diately to bustle her and hustle her about herlooks and dresses—just as she had donewith the first Queen. Result,... in three tofour minutes she was under arrest as a luna- tic, the second Queen objecting to that sortof thing and, having thought of the sametrick as la belle Otero thought of, (yes, avery fine woman in some ways) the Princessdes Ursins was taken out of Spain the sameevening "." And all because instead of being agenuine mother or friend she was merelya boss "." It is ludicrously tragic. And as youread this book you realize that this lady istypical of so many other ladies of that ageand of this—most of them ludicrous bosses—not tragic because most ladies are not of somuch worth as the Princess des Ursins "." I have felt the utmost interest in thisclever woman but she awakens in me nosympathy for her; she is so utterly insincerein her whole existence. Truthful she saidshe was to Louix XIV, and I think shewas; and clever and but I've told you I admire her. But for all that I consider hera fool for not knowing that if you are awoman you eannot rule a King, you cannotrule a Queen, but you may, if lucky, be afriend to both if you want nothing for yourself,not even the phrase "It was through mydevotion that he did this and she did that "." Then you want an angel.... " I said." Yes, 1 want an angel—and it's curioushow many angels have been near kings andqueens—"How do you know ? "I believe " :... he puffed no more ima- ginary rings of smoke but rose and went away.I went to find the book by belle Otero,that book which even I could review. Itis called MY STORY and is by La BelleOtero. " My! what a story " would havebeen as appropriate a title— for it really is agreat big story!If we hadn't her word for it we mightsuppose it to have been written for her by avery able American journalist, assisted perhapsby a Frenchman.There is a good deal about money inthis work which makes it interesting : " in avery short time I had 340,000 pesetas to mycredit " she writes : and there is more aboutwhat she calls " love ".Several fights are recorded and once sheknocks another lady over with an iron chair,slightly frightening her: "it was magnificentpublicity for me " she writes.Many kind acts are recorded very sim- ply : I have counted five. Most of them wereexaggeratedly generous acts. How intriguedI am as I read this book by what my friendhas just told me of the Princess des Ursinsto whom generosity I gather must have seem- ed to be something vulgar. Presumably itis, which is all to the good.La Belle Otero tells stories of King Ed- ward, of the Kaiser, of Thompson the Englishmillionaire and of Count Kessler " director "of the Eden Museum in New York or ratherits Paris agent: of Russian Grand Dukesand of Rasputin ; of Baron Ollstreder, and anAssyrian host of lovers.She is, like others who are what we call" frail ", rather down on " frailty ". Put itin a less Victorian way:—she is anythingbut moral, and down on those who are likeherself, especially if they are men. She winks at Bill, calls him Cheri and then criesout " Why did he steal my purse ?" ; andof Harry she writes " he came of decentfamily enough but he was too fond of lightgirlsIf I were a light girl I should write a wiserand a sadder book. 1 should call it " Their story"and I should set forth in the very best phras- eology at my command how sweet, how strong,how dashing, how daredevil, how terribleand awful and wonderful were their lightways. I should show how genuine was mydelight in discovering others like unto me,but i should note with special pride thedastardly touches which differentiated theirlightness from mine. I would not bewaii ina cheerio worldly way their shortcomings, forI'd hate to be supposed to be hankeringafter a fame which could never be mine, forthe good reason that 1 really considered suchfame to be worth two cents at most.I allude to the fame of the immaculate.But this book by La Belle Otero is likea hundred others. I have seen it comparedwith Casanova's Memoirs. There is notthe slightest resemblance; for Casanova'sbooks blaze with genius and this one is noteven smug with talent: but that is not thefault of La Belle Otero. X. Y. Z.THE PRINCESS DES URSINS by Maud CruttwellDent &amp; Sons. Price 8/6 net.MY STORY by La Belle Otero. A. M. PhilpotPrice Isj~ net. VALDIMAR MOLLERACTOR AND CARICATURIST. C. THIS letter-sketch I have translated. It is the highesthonour one can receive to be knighted by a fellow artist,DEAR Sir Gordon•Hearts thanks for letter.You have gone away in the train and left us in therain and the cold and you are sitting in the warm sunsmoking a cigar and near enough to Monte Carlo togamble if you Want toAia Aia AllalaValdimar Moller — Facista.THERE are too many good actors in the Royal Theatre,Copenhagen for one to call Valdimar Moller thebest actor there—but he is certainly one of the best.And, as you see, he is a caricaturist.He seems to be fond of drawing and is often to beseen behind the scenes during a performance makinglittle records of everyone.These appear regularly week by week in Politiken,the Daily Mail cf Denmark.I do not know if Moller can assume many disguises,whether a clever versatility is one of his particular assets,but 1 do know that he has that rare thing, weight with- out heaviness. " This is some one " I say, as I seehim rehearsing ; " assuredly *\ I add when I see him per- forming. He is sure—he has power and I am persuadedthat he has not yet given the best he can give.Of no one in the Theatre is one more inclined to say " He has more in him than he ever shows FRANCESCO GALLI DA BIBIENAArchitect and Scenographer. 1659-1739. VITTORIO BIGARIPainter and Scenographer. 1692-1776. STEFANO ORLANDIScenographer 1681-1760. A NOTE ON THREESCEN OGRAPHERSWITH THREE PORTRAITS. FRANCESCO GALLI DA BIBIENA was bornon Friday December 12th 1659 and wasthe second son of Giovanni Maria Galli andOrsola Possenti, being two years younger thanhis somewhat more famous brother Ferdinando.Francesco in his youth was a very hand- some fellow as the Autoritratto in the Galleriadegli Uffizi at Firenze shows us. He livedto the age of eighty, leaving behind him fivechildren. The engraving of him here showshim well advanced in years, and was pub- lished the year of his death which happenedon Saturday January 21st 1739.This family was closely connected withthe Theatre, seven of them being architectsof Theatres or Scenographers, and some ofthem were both.Perhaps the most brilliant of the familywas Giuseppe, son of Ferdinando, and assu- redly he took after his uncle Francesco.Never could anyone say of old Ferdinandothat he was brilliant. He was steady, hewas gifted; he laboured; he was silent; hewas an idealist. Not so Francesco and nephewGiuseppe (!). They were chatterboxes andrakes. But if they were mercurial they couldlabour too could labour very hard as thefacts show: but they had to cut up in life toget through it, and ir art too in order to dowell; and this their work and their facestell us.STEFANO ORLANDI, (1681-1760), andVITTORIO BIGARI (2), (1692-1776), both Bo- lognese, when the two Bibiena BrothersFerdinando and Francesco were well intotheir stride, were painters of prospettiva. Notonly in the Theatre was this playful craftpractised but in the small courtyards of thePalaces of Italy, especially in those of Ro- magna; and the value of these perspectivesis best guaged today by looking into thesecourtyards as you pass the big gates of thepalaces of Bologna. Large and small pain- tings of Perspectives were also much loved,and two of their best today hang in the Pinacoteca of Bologna and are certainlyfantastic, likeable, and very theatrical.Orlandi was more often occupied in sce- nical things than Bigari, and in 1713 whenhe was the pupil of Pompeo Aldrovandini,went to Roma to paint some sceneries forthe Teatro Capranica.Filippo Juvarra was then doing marvelsof scenic work in Roma, and Orlandi musthave seen some of it for he stayed there fortwo years and eight months.These two, Bigari and Orlandi, collabo- rated upon many a canvas together, Orlandipainting the architecture and Bigari the fi- gures; and it is a fortunate collaboration forthey assuredly work together like one man.Orlandi was a very able, useful, man, forhe acted not only as assistant to Aldrovandiniand Bigari but also to Orsoni for seven years,assisting him in painting scenes and the audito- riums of Theatres in Bologna, Lucca andTorino. It was in Lucca and Torino thatJuvarra worked about the same time, so thathe seems often to have been near that master. NATURE CONTAINS THE ELEMENTS, IN COLOURAND FORM, OF ALL PICTURES, AS THE KEY- BOARD CONTAINS THE NOTES OF ALL MUSIC.BUT THE ARTIST IS BORN TO PICK AND CHOOSE,AND GROUP WITH SCIENCE, THOSE ELEMENTS,THAT THE RESULT MAY BE BEAUTIFUL.... AS THEMUSICIAN GATHERS HIS NOTES, AND FORMS MISCHORDS, UNTIL HE BRINGS FORTH FROM CHAOS,GLORIOUS HARMONY. TO SAY TO THE BAINTERTHAT NATURE IS TO BE TAKEN AS SHE IS, IS TOSAY TO THE PLAYER, THAT HE MAY SIT ON THEPIANO. Whistler. THE AIM OF ART IS NOT TO COPY NATURE, BUTTO EXPRESS IT. Balzac. (1) A portait of Giuseppe Bibiena with a brief Note onhis life, appeared in " The Mask " January 1926.(2) Vittorio Bigari must not be confused with FrancescoBigari, a decorator of Theatres who flourished in Bolognaabout 1760, CORRESPONDENCE. UNFORTUNATE MR. IVOR BROWN. J. S. The following is a private letter written by Mr. Gor- don Craig to Ihe Mask Editor in reply to some com- ments on an article in " The Saturday Review May 21by Mr. Ivor Brown respecting The Mask and its staff.Being a private letter we have perhaps taken a libertyin printing it ; but as it touches the spot we have thought well to publish. E. G. C. MY dear Semar :Don't ask me what I think ought to be writtenin reply to Mr. Ivor Brown's columns about " The Mask "in "The Saturday Review". These articles are writ- ten week by week ; a dramatic critic has a dog's life ofit: if he yelp, snarl or whine, I am never surprised.What else can he do ? Yes, he can write well—someof them do. Brown seems to me to write well. Don'tbe cross with him because he hasn't troubled to readthe things I wrote when he was a boy : don't hurla brick at him because he never heard of my rough- ing it and producing plays under the most exaspera- ting difficulties. He's not alone in being too much out ofsympathy with what I've done and what I do to botherabout reporting me correctly. And why should he ? ....ifour London public isn't alive to the value of Shakespeare,Congreve and Wycherley, if it has not sufficient pride todemand a fine Theatre architecture, magnificent playersand popular prices, and English opera and a palace tohouse it in, it won t mind what it's dramatic criticism islike : it will ask young Brown to do his worst and ourdear old Ervine to do anything he pleases.It's this little English public (some 100,000 or so outof millions) that is the trouble. This little group is aselfish group and thinks Britain was made for it to playwith. If there arrives a Bolschevic Ballet from Lenin- grad it thinks it has come solely to delight a rare few :if an airman flies twice round the world in six hours thislittle public goes out to meet him, pushing and pullingeach other; the individuals of this little group cry " Bravo "and are quite assured that they have settled the wholematter:—if they say "Bravo " Bravo it is.And Brown has to serve this group : if he didn'the'd be sacked and lose a small salary, which I trust hasbeen raised since he kicked at the shins of " The Mask *•Now, be reasonable! Just forgive Brown and thankGod you are not tied as he is to any public: try torealize that you would lose nothing if you sacked yourself,for you get nothing for working about twice as hard asBrown. If Brown thinks you and your staff are " Florentineexquisites " and happy-go-lucky idiots, let him : if he en- vies you, why should you object. If he takes you for anidler, what on earth does it matter to you. His readersthink he is far too kind, for they have already put youdown as a thief, a sponger, a drunkard or a what-not.You live in Florence ! that's enough I I But if anyone wantsto throw mud at Florence they will have the Fascisti todeal with—your position, remember, is that of a guest." Damn them " you say of such a public—l know ;-—damn them by all means, but don't bother about themen who write for them.Never bother about anyone who writes in papers fora gang. Wait till you are pressed into that service andthen curse yourself for an idiot.The mind of that public is like the minds of the samelittle group in Paris, New York, Berlin, everywhere, andeven in Florence remember.if you ever read the works of Monsieur Bombetyou would know that in 1808 and in 1814 the mind ofthe French public was a weak blank in regard to all thearts; and our Public in England—this small section ofthe British Public—is as blank, as weak, and almost asobjectionable.If you say you once saw a cat cross a road theirminds busy around in the hope of finding the offal thecat may have picked up or passed by. If they can't findit they will invent some offal, and there you are. It's theirway you see; they are that sick lot that was here inItaly some years ago, always drawling out their discon- tent with all things. You recall how sick it was: Mus- solini told it so and began to prescribe. It has vanished :—perhaps it's only hiding, but at any rate here in Italywe are not any longer pestered by the dirty little thing.It made life " unendurable"—as it makes life inLondon and Pans and Berlin and New York " unendu- rable ". Still, in those great centres this sick portion ofthe public is tolerated to an astounding degree, the hugepublic actually finding something amusing in its antics.Do forget, when feeling too bitter about Mr. Brownand Mr. Agate and those who seem to you to " mis- represent "all " The Mask " is doing, that they are theslaves of this group and simply cannot help it.Do you see ? It's a sort of penance that Mr. Ivor Brownhas to undergo ; not for any sin of his own for I'm surehe is guileless and quite unspotted by the world; butthere you are again. The guileless generally have tosuffer when they take and the guileless laboureralways tries to be worthy of his hire.Yours FOREIGN NOTES. GLASGOW. PETER PATTISON. WE have occasional longings for our own Drama and Thea- tre here, for a Scottish Theatre, and a Scotch Drama.It never gets very far, but it will get further someday. Meantime the Oxford Players have been here. Youmay at first discover little connexion twixt the OxfordPlayers and the Scottish Theatre : Later thatthe two are inseparably linked by Tchekov, Strindberg,Pirandello, and Bernard Shaw. To fail to discern howItaly, Stockholm, Moscow and London link Oxford andGlasgow here, is to admit here one is an ignoramus, sowe all nod our heads, and w th a volume of Tchekov inone pocket, and our Burns in the other, we go abouthoping for the best.The coming of the Oxford Players was announcedas though that was going to settle it once and for all:Well, they have come and gone.The financial result was apparently satisfactory to thosebehind the visit, although, of course, it was by no meansthe most interesting of plays that received the best support.The probability now seems to be that we shall haveanother •• Commercial " theatre added to our existing houses—an actual repertory theatre or a Scots theatre directedwith imagination still seems as far off as ever.Perhaps an outline of the situation here would interest you.Before the war there was a Glasgow Repertory Thea- tre which was begining to pay its way and gain groundwhen 1914 put an end to its career. After the warthose who had been interested in it had either died offor had got beyond caring whether there was a seriousdrama or not ; it was not resumed. Instead, however,there had oecured an impetus towards a national expres- sion gtnd, when things began to shake down towards amore or less normal, one form this took was the institutionof a Scottish National Theatre which started as an off- spring of the St. Andrew's Society of Scotland.You can see what that meant; the impulse towardsa theatre was captured by the tartan-waving brigade. Itseems dubious from the begining, but it was supported bythe Press and those who had hopes that it might even- tually shake itself free from this influence. It has notdone so ; it continues to be dominated by a group whoare limited *to a Burns-supper outlook ; its products arechiefly of two kinds—Lowland comedy in which the rangeis from a type that corresponds to ihe pre-war Manchesterproduct to something not so deft in its appeal to popula- rity but similar in genre to the " Bunty Pulls the Stringsand Highland sorrow drama framed on the Synge recipe,which we have christened the 4&lt; Ochone— Ochee SchoolAt their best these might quite please a wandering En- glishman who would see in them something unsophistica- ted and natural, something that would correspond to hiscaricature idea of a Scotsman as a sentimental elder witha whisky bottle in his pocket, or a gentleman sorrowingby the sea in a kilt. But, if they ever did, they no lon- ger represent the true Scotland.And anyway was there ever any good came out of adeliberate national literature? When we get to trying todo that, is it not a sign that we have passed the mark,that we are fighting a lost cause ? It seems to me thatthe product of such an impulse must naturally be thebloodless bric-brac, its appeal to the sentimental and theantiquar'an. You are in the position to have an international mind,is that true or is it not ?I know, of course, that we must fight out our ownbattles, but when one is a porpoise in a school the restof whi ch are chasing tartan fish one cannot help wonde- ring if the lure one follows is a phantom.To the Scottish National Players must be added anew influence which is making itself felt in a group cal- ling themselyes The Scottish Renaissance Group. Of ahigher artistic purpose and with a wider outlook than thePlayers they too are wedded to the dialect and the ideaof a deliberate national literature. So far as regards theirstage-work, they have given two or three separate perfor- mances of one-act plays of Scottish-life. They have astheir guiding light Mr. C. M. Grieve, who is regarded assomething of a firebrand in Scottish literature circles, andfor producer Mr R. F. Pollock, who works on the as- sumption that the Scot is by nature a taciturn fellow,who, he holds, cannot be faithfully represented by verbaleloquence. For words he would substitute gesture, move- ment, intonation, rhythm. To obtain the effect of reallife he introduces a wealth of gesture and movement,which seem, to a mind accustomed to the economy ofthe commercial stage, to be irrelevant, but which has theeffect of holding the attention closely. So far he hasworked on a limited stage and with one-act pieces whichdid not suit his purpose too well. His methods of pro- duction include the numbering of each movement, and bythis means, he says, he has a highly effective control overhis actors. That is to say that by a Number 1 125, for in- stance, both he and his company know the exact positionsof each character. He is thus able to take up rehearsalat any point, and although I have seen but his one set ofplays I must say that his actors, small-town people, were notonly word perfect but had an ease on the stage that wouldnot have shamed an experienced professional company.One more dramatic fluttering remains to be touchedupon. Last year the British Drama League extended itsorganization to Scotland and instituted the first dramaticfestival which was held in Glasgow. You will probablybe able to imagine better than I can describe what itwas like. Anyway it ran true to type. It will stimulateacting in the country, but I do not think can improve thestandard of acting and production until there is an estab- lished headquarter theatre, either in Glasgow or Edin- burgh, from which they can draw on for ideas and expe- rience. AMSTERDAM. X. IN the State Museum here was held last month a largeexhibition of Mr. Gordon Craig's designs and woodcutsand books. The rooms were arranged by the architectH. Th. Wijdeveld, who cannot touch anything, even alittle thing like a catalogue, without adorning it. This one isalready a rare item with collectors, printed in black andgold on white with a Foreword by the Dutch poetWerumens Buning. The poster in brown and white wasdesigned by Herman Kloppers, the actor.The exhibition was a spontaneous tribute to the ar- tist by his Dutch friends, all the woodcuts having beenpurchased by them before they were exhibited.The greater number came from the collection ofJ. Mees P. Rzn.The exhibition remained open for a month and was visited by about two thousand people. BOOK REVIEWS. THE THREE SITWELLS. A Bio- graphical and Critical Study. ByR. L. Megroz. The Richards Press.Price 8/6 net. UNFORTUNATELY I have neverhad the pleasure of meeting oneof the clever Siiwells, Almost every- one but I seems to know the Sit- wells: even actors lunch with them.And I am pretty sure of this ; that ifI knew the Sit wells I would write ofthem far more sympathetically than Iintend to do, for not only have Iheard from their friends that they arethe most winning of persons, but theyhave no foes to say the contrary.And I suppose I should have hadthe pleasure of meeting the Sitweilsand been charmed by them had Inot been an ordinary book-reviewer—mainly of Theatrical books; a reviewerof the old school, and, I may add, ofthe old coat and old hat.But it is not the school, the hat orthe coat that must be blamed ; and ifI am behind the times, it is mainlybecause of the Theatre : it is due to thefact that I am so often behind thescenes when I should be out at up-to- date teas, at luncheon parties, poppingin here, there, everywhere. Had Idone that I should then have beenalways coming across the Sitweils andcould have agreed with everyone elsethat they really were the life and soulof the party. For 'tis the modern recipefor being a success to be all over the shop.Put him in his little bedSure to fall out on his headIn one place he never could stopHe was herey there, everywhere—all over the shop. I Perhaps these lines, (sung so often| as you remember by Maestro Tich)have influenced people more than| we suppose: perhaps they have in- j fluenced the Sit wells ; they ought toj have influenced me; only, as I say,j I am so very often tied to one place| —behind the scenes. To me the Fub- | he is something on the move seen| through a hole in the curtain : it is athing, not a lot of persons : it is notpossible to meet it casually ; it is onlyencountered face to face and then —atough fight. This is the ancient wayof estimating the others if you are oneof the ones.. ... by that I mean one ofthe workers.And in my day we had but a singleambition—not to be one of the others.This is a particularly theatrical fail- ing ....confession or boast. To us thestage is the world and the world arather poor stage. We are the onlypeople really alive—the others outin the stalls, pit and gallery, havecome to our playhouse to get a breathof fresh air. Our theatre can givethem that, for it is more immensethan the narrow little world in whichthey dwell. A bell rings—the lightsare dimmed—the audience out thereobey the signals; the great curtainrises; the souls of the spectators arereleased.It may seem strange to the readerof these lines that I, (an ordinary re- viewer of books) should write asthough I belonged to the theatre : butso I do, and that is not difficult toexplain. I am what is called asupernumary ; I walk on. The managerof the fine playhouse whose boards Itread at night does not know that Iam a reviewer of books: it would notconcern him if he did; the arts donot concern us much in the Theatre.What concerns us is our profession—and getting it over. And this I havecome to learn during the run of manyfine pieces. I may say I am a greatadmirer of the old Pro, his sole aimbeing to get it over, to bring downthe house, to help a brother ark-floaterin need when he is forced to spoutbilly. They say they are pretentiousfolk, these actors: it is not true : foran actor is only really himself whenon the stage and off it he does notreally exist.Off the stage he has to be oftendoing things he hates doing. He isnot like the other artists : is he quitean artist ? is he not rather an artiste ?These other artists are the poets, thecomposers, the architects: and the pain- ters are artists, and the sculptors andthe novelists, and the writers of all kinds (all but reviewers). These arethe lucky ones: we theatre folk arenot lucky. What I mean exactly bythat I will attempt to tell you.It is lucky—very lucky—not beingforced to keeP incessantly before thepublic : how lucky it is to be able togo away to write, to go away to paint,to go away to compose, to mix withthat world which people believe existsoutside and beyond a theatre whileavoiding that trash..,, the gang-madepublics of the cities ; that trash whichknows everything; that trash whichdecides and shapes all things for ashort time—for about twenty years aninnings. How lucky for the goodartists I have named to be able to beas it were invisible and pass throughthis sweating sweated crowd and getaway from it— so as to shape and de- cide little things which last for everand bless for ever those who findthem. What matter that today oneof the crowd from which he escapeddamns Chopin to exalt Ravel; thesetwo alone count, and the crowd andits damned gangs are of no ,accountwhatever.But we of the stage are not so luckyand there is no " escape " for us, sowe stay behind, and, in defence, wethrow up barriers—the old footlightsfor example. On this side of them weare entrenched, on that side there are" the others " ; they are no longer in- dividuals they are a thing—they arethe Public. To the thing as an ideawe doff our caps ; we are its " lovingand obedient servants The indivi- duals have faded into the distanceand have become but a wave of the sea.We " artistes 0) —am I never co- ming back to the Sitweils—ever sincethe time of Thespis have had to workunder certain disadvantages, the chiefof these being,(1) we had to appear personally infront of the public;(2) and at fixed hours ;(3) we had to advertise ourselvesand our show;(4) we had to risk the quick dis- pleasure of the public and sufferor enjoy its approval.All this being a distinct handicapto us (and a terrible ordeal for ourwork), we were allowed certain com- pensations. We alone were allowedthem by grace of some unwritten lawand we are still allowed a few ofthem. Cursed with the responsabili- lies of publicity we were recompen- sed by the privileges. (1) We were not expected to mixin society :(2) We were excepted from atten- ding regularly at church onSundays:(3) We were able to escape recei- ving invitations to lunch, tea ordinner for we were forced to eatand drink when we could, not atthe proper fixed hours :(4) Our photographs were taken andexhibited free of charge and wewere given any copies we needed :(5) We were always able to passfreely into any entertainment fromthe Opera to the Zoo :(6) We had the special privilege ofgiving a few free seats in ourtheatre to friends : Poor privileges but our own.But nowadays these privileges areno longer ours alone, for a great num- ber of persons who 44 do things "today claim the right to all these pri- vileges without accepting any of thegrim responsabilities. Everyone claimsthe right to get and give away toothers our tickets, to get free entranceto all entertainments, to have theirphotographs taken and put in the pa- pers, to go to the Zoo free of charge,to avoid high teas and toppling lun- cheons and so forth.Perhaps today certain dilettantepoets, painters and those others whodabble in the fine arts have been fa- tally stung by the realization thatTennyson, Browning, Swinburne, Ros- setti and so many fine writers andpainters of the Victorian age passed prac- tically unnoticed by the crowd, where- as the performers (snorting thought I)Irving, Toole, Hare, Bancroft, Tree,the Kendalls. Ellen Terry, Lily Lang- try, were known far and wide in ourIsland and their pictures were in athousand shop windows, their doingsrecorded in every journal, their slightestmovements chronicled. And this seem- ed just the very thing to arouse en- thusiasm in the public for their idolsand to attract the said public to thetheatres.Perhaps to a dilettante poet of todaythe notion of being forced to sit orstroll quietly at Farringford, downChelsea way or up in Putney holdssomeihing chilling and forbidding in it.It certainly was an ordeal in thosedays to be a great Poet And thensuddenly the Press came to the rescue,and released the poets and artists, whonever wanted to be released at all, byturning them adrift loose in the fieldwhere the actors and other 44 artistes "munched at the marigolds and mangle- wurzels. T I T - B I T ART.TOWARDS the end of the Victo- rian era it became more andmore difficult for an artist to live forhis work, or to get even a little no- tice, because a newer journalism wasfeeding the mind of the public withsuch a quantity of Tit-Bits, Scraps, andAnswers to hundreds of questions ithad never asked : 44 How to make a rabbit-hutch outof a soap box; how to write a shortstory ; how to act; how to paint " :-—and every ore began on the rabbithutch, until he found that acting,writing and painting in bits was fareasier. Then he took to the arts andno longer troubled so much about thesuccess of Penley or Irving becausehe too could make just as much stiras they did, with a very little trouble,The next thing the new recruits hadto learn was how to sell these tit-bitsof work. But there again advertise- ment helped.AAdvertisers asked for the rubbishand got it : 44 We want short stories "f44 Actors wanted A minimum ofexperience sufficient And now notonly tenth-rate wqrk is held to bebetter than first-rate work but is ad- vertised as first-rate, even as everylittle afternoon-tea is heralded by trum- pets as though it were some stateDrawing-Room at Buckingham Palace.Is this not true ?—open the half- penny paper and see for your self.If Mrs. Mc J ones the charming littlenobody takes a walk, photographs ofher walking are despatched to all thejournals in Europe and America: ifthe cat of the Countess Posh dies itis photographed and we all see itbeing lowered into its homemade tomb :44 the design for this and for the coffinwas made by the Countess herself,who is as clever at sculpture as EP- stein. She made this small nest forher loved little Trixie out of an ordi- nary Sunlight soap box ". And if to- day a young poet writes a tit-bit of apoem (provided it is not anything sosolemn as the poems of Francis Thomp- son), by Jingo, then there's a stiramong the London amateur pressagents... provided that some other poetat the same time fails to supply amore trivial poem.These amateur press agencies I neednot picture to you : you can see themany day by the hundred.As you know, on many of thedoors of Cavendish Square, Port manSquare, Belgrave Square, St. James'sSquare and Grosvenor Square, on thedoors of many of the most swagger houses of London today the word44 PUSH - is to be seen outside andinside.Twenty years ago, so they tell me,this same PUSH was a word foundonly in the city on its office doors:and in Fleet Street, and on the doorsof all business houses, professional pressagencies, advertising agencies and soforth.But with the growth of tit-bit artand the development of the amateurpress agencies there has been born inBelgravia and Mayfair the desire topush that art, to keep it before thepublic, to advertise it and those whodo it; and even, when possible, to sellthese bits in their drawing-rooms.THE AMATEUR.I rather like the amateur : but I thinkI like him only so long as he actslike one Many a lady and moregentlemen have in the past been ama- teurs. Some wrote verse, others wroteprose ; some have painted, others haveacted ; a few took up architecture andplayed quite prettily with it; moreinclined towards music and did thatwell. I don't mean sold well,—thatwas not the aim of the amateurs yes- terday. They loved the things theytried to create and loved to practisehow to perfect them when amongstthemselves. Some of them would givea great deal of time to their acting,singing, verse-writing; and some wouldspend quite a little fortune preparinglittle performances of big plays or con- certs for their special group ; ... butthey always respected the professionaland never robbed him of a paragraphor a penny: today they do.Nowadays an amateur comes out asquickly as possible before the generalpublic, and behind him come a hun- dred and more press agents—his per- sonal friends-—pushing and cackling likepeople on the Bourse.Then they all begin to make moneyout of their job.Some make a great deal—especiallythose who, on the strength of being asocial celebrity and pretty or charming,take up the stage and, at an hour'snotice, submit to being pushed intoroles a professional actress does notlook to fill, or to fill successfully, forat least ten years.For certain Jews bent on exploitingour Theatres are ever on the alert44 gallantly '* snapping up such people.The fact that they are Jews is totheir credit but no one supposes thatthese Jews represent that ancient raceas it likes to be represented. And ifthe three Sitwells bad gone in for theatricals rather than for verse-writing,we should be hearing of their triumphsin plays of the kind that ProfessorReinhardt, assisted by Gest the agent,likes to juggle with in America. Hisability, his capacity to make a silkpurse out of] an amateur's ear, is re- markable— and he makes a feature ofthe trick.I think that were I a famous pro- ducer, and if I held my profession atall in honour, I would keep amateursin their place if I had any such ladiesor gentlemen working with me. I thinkthere is probably a good deal of hopein the amateur;—but I for one wouldhelp him and her to keep their place.1 his would not only bring them finallyto be rid of the last marks of ama- teurism, but it would be the very least Ishould owe to my profession and myprofessional associates.Now though I cannot feel that theSitwells have been so ill-advised or sojuggled with by their impresarios ashave the few amateur performers ofunfortunate celebrity, I do feel thatthey are running a big risk by toohastily coming out with a blare ofpublicity and all for rather too little.The risk they run is that of beingshortly forgotten.This book about the trio has mademe feel that the Sitwells are not par- ticularly important. Which is too badof the book.Their work is pretty enough hereand there, and quite curiously well- known considering the short time theyhave been writing.MR. R. L . MEGROZ.AND now Mr. Megroz comes for- ward with his book in which heexplains the meaning? of these writings.I wonder why that is necessary ?Itmay be because they have not beenat it long enough that their workstands in such need of explanation.Mr. R. L. Megroz probably offeredto explain it to the Public and theSitwells said he might: but when hehas explained I am left feeling any- thing but happy it all.Verse which needs explaining coup- let by couplet had better have beenrewritten before it was subjected to thecontempt of authorized explanation.Some of the Sitwell verses needno word of help from Mr. Megroz,as, for example, these perfectly clearlines :The countess sit and plays fantanBeneath the portrait of great QueenAnne.That is perfectly clear—all but theuncertainty as to whether it was a single. Countess who sit or several whoplays.Next I The shuffled cards like the tail of a birdUnfolding its shining plumes are heard.Mr. Megroz, after quoting thesefour lines, proceeds to make us wiseabout it all, the notion being that afterwe have had it explained to us weother amateur verse-makers can all goaway and, pointing out the effects toour special circle in our own words,can have a shot at something like itourselves thus showing how clever weare : that will help the boom.This is what Mr. Megroz writes:" In this remote music may be heardthe preludings of the unfaltering de- licacy of the 4 Elegy on Dead Fas~hion '. The fluent phenomenal uni- verse of nature is seen stilled andremote in a diminishing mirror whilethe still, inanimate objects are re- animated with a vitality transferredfrom the world of living things '*.It now only remains for one of theSitwells to explain the meanings ofMr. Megroz. I love a far fetched joke,but only if it last a short time; so ifthis book by the Spanish gentleman bea joke, it only fails because it is toolong and too cumbersome. But to go on.While the Countess or Countessesplays cards:4&lt; The maid in her poivder-closet soonBeneath the fire of the calm full moonWhose sparkles) rubies, sapphires spillFor her tipon the window sillWill nod her head, grown sleepy, I wisAs Alaciel or Semiramis,Pasiphae or the lady lsisEmbalmed in the precious air like spices.The Sitwells are too much and notenough.Three is too many—and they seemto have lost the formula for stoppingthe machine, and so come out withverses, verselets, couplets; there is nostopping them. And who would wantit to cease if the voices were sufficient.They are insufficient; but this is notbecause each Sitwell is not in awaya poet in him or herself, but is mainlybecause there are three Sitwells insteadof one and the three are blatantlyand clumsily over-boomed.Let one of them call himself Smith,another Jones, and leave, to the best ofthe three, the honourable name ofSitwel!. Then we shall be able tohear him as he sings. As it is weare rather inclined to laugh at the waythe amateur reclame agents have mud- dled the whole show for these youngpeople. It is these agents, not the young artists, who are to blame. Itis the agents who have allowed threeof the same name to be billed toge- ther, even encouraging them to sing closeupon one another, and the result is aracket.It is typical of most amateurs, thisignorance of the business,—how to doit and how not to.If the Sitwells were acrobats theywould form a charming group. Theywould out-Voke the remembrance ofthe Vokes family.In their spangled livery I see this agiletrio swinging from the trapeze to thehushed orchestral tunes they surely loveso much. But would these vivid crea- tures submit to the necessary disci- pline ? iIt would take even three Sitwells atleast six or seven years* training toshape a little show out of their com- bined activities ; but it would he ashow—three as one—a little groupdoing a single act. As it is it is dinand a blunder.And this book which unites them as" the Sitwells " commits the very sameblunder as do the young poets them- selves.Had Mr. Megroz divided his workinto three parts—and had he skippedall the unnecessary showman introduc- tion about the " Londesboroughs andthe Beauforts " Sir George Sit- well and " the meaning of Sitwel- lism ", he would anyhow have donesomething.I do not believe that the young poetstake themselves half as seriously as hedoes, and, as I turn back to some of themany verses quoted in this book, so asto see whether I have not been utterlyunjust about them, I feel I am farmore just than ever Mr. Megroz hasbeen. For anyhow can I say thatall this promises something.It is a calamity that three such in- telligent beings should have been en- couraged to adopt the actors* andshowmen's tactics, to blunder over these,to appear under the one name, to singthe same song in three different keys ;and to fail to entertain. But the futureholds promises.I think I can see through the dustraised that, should Mr. Osbert Sitwellbe engaged by a good circus managerand do his turn alone, he will aftermuch practice really do something worthwhile.... if only his brother and sisterwill stop it and sit still. The distin- guished-looking sister Sitwell too wouldshine brilliantly, be seen and even heard,if only the two brothers wouldn't keephopping around and raising such a din.As for Mr. Sacheverell Sitwell, .„»well, he is bound to do something some dayvery worth while:—but then his sisterand brother must first be far off shiningquietly, not disturbing us or him : andthus their brother's pitch will not bequeered. (i) Perhaps a still better title is" performers ". &lt;IT MI U r 111111111 ■■(■■ll———mmmuanarnmnmm IMJ. -HI mm maMmmammmmgamammMaamSCARLET AND BLACK, A C/iro- nicle of the 19th Century. Stendhal.Translated by C K. Scott Moncrieff.2 Vols. Chatto &amp; Windus. Price7j6 each. OH, to be Mr St. John Ervine foronce ! for here is something good,and I utterly incapable of damning it.I may not praise I may not pullit to pieces—it is far too perfect ; butwere I St. John Ervine I could do it1927 parochial justice;—l could sus- pect it. Seeing it so very fine I couldside with the public, that often, butnot always, sound thing : that anyhowbig and fearsome thing : I could, per- suaded by them, doubt my senses : andis that not pretty St. John's way.I take it to be the hall-mark of jour- nalistic honesty, this way of refusing tobe fooled at the suggestion of the many.44 What's that you say—God wai- ting to see me - tell him to wait.Till I have consulted the publicThe audacity is very small, the assump- tion no more than that which can beput on with a little spirit gum—thenet result pathetic in the extreme ; yetthe whole performance naturally im- presses some five to ten thousandreaders who perhaps believe him adescendant of the great English actorand speak of him as 44 courageousMr. Herving ".Would 1 could be courageous inhis way after having read 44 Scarletand Black ", so that, by putting Sten- dhal in his place, I could find a seatfor myself.All I can do is to admit that mydelight has been so great that, werethe book packed with faults, I am ut- terly unable to see one of them.He does invite one to pause andcriticise : woe betide him who shouldseize that opportunity; the museswould rend him as they did Pentheus.And on second thoughts perhaps I&lt;lon't regret not being St John Ervinea regular Pentheus - one who hashis head screwed on the right way,~,.but will ultimately forfeit it if Iknow the muses:A Life of Stendhal I have notread ; I do not know if he has yetcome to his own but I gather he hasnot. Yet he was born in 1783,dying in 1842 ; knew and loved Italy deeply, and is a product of the Na- poleonic times. It is exactly a hun- dred and four years ago that hewrote 44 Scarlet and Black " so that ifhe is not yet well known it is a pity.It is a pity we should have come toknow the work of his imitators and thatwe should have troubled to dislike themonly because we saw a vague some- thing behind all their work, whichwasn't genuinely of them.Doubtless we are always being chea- ted of the best by this process. Butwhat has delayed this translation solong ? Probably the fact that Mr. ScottMoncrieff was not born earlier,—is itthat?—is he the only living English- man who can translate these master- pieces ? Possibly no one else in ourislands ever read them in French - buthaving read them why hesitate to getthem translated ?" That remarkable man who,with a Napoleonic tempo, traversedhis Europe, in fact several centuries ofthe European soul, as its surveyorand discoverer", wrote Nietzsche ofStendhal; and Nietzsche not given toover praise; adding 44 it has requiredtwo generations to overtake him oneway or other.... he had the most pro- found eyes and ears of any Frenchmanof this centuryYet in certain centres there is aloud call raised today for Fascist art—for a sign of art created with aMussolini tempo. We can be happyif in a hundred years we even observethat: it will be with us soon, but weshall not see it.We shall have ninety others of in- ferior gifts thrust under our eyes bythe coming Ervines. Stendhal him- self predicted that he would have alittle success about the year 1880—meaning he would be read by aboutthat date. Bless him for a scepticalenthusiast.Taine said he had read 41 Scarletand Black " thirty to forty times. Nosooner read but you want to re-read it.Does that explain the intense excite- ment that is in the book ?His better known work 44 La Cha- treuse de Par me " is as wonderful athing 8s this book 44 Le Rouge et LeNoir " if what you call wonderful isa stunning good story so alive that youpass out of this age and enter into theother, know the people, and, mixingwith them, are hurried breathlesslythrough the adventures which speedalong like a perfect working film,only it is far more exciting than anyfilm you have ever seen—the breath- lessness is not artificial; it's the ge- nuine thing. But we have to realize that it isnot for his religion, his satire, hismastery of psychology or for any ofthe things for display of which weover-praise our Shaws, Pirandellos andthe rest, but for the way he does hiswork—for his touch-for being Stendhal,that we delight in him and all greatwriters, and it is for this reason that1 predict what many a better criticalready knows ; that in 1960 or 1980it is Beerbohm who will be held highand Shaw and Co forgotten. MUSIC. Classical, Romantic andModern, by Eaglefield Hull. Dent&amp; Sons. / 0/6. THIS big book of almost 500 pagesis very unreadable: by that Ido not mean mischief but I mean thatunless you are a composer, or a con- ductor, or a musician, or a musicalcritic you cannot follow it. They can,for they can correct it as they goalong with their 44 Ah, he likes Cho- pin " or 44 Oh, he dislikes Debussy "and that to these signifies somethingdefinite. I cannot see what he likesor dislikes and if I did, it would sig- nify nothing, so I am the very manto have a say about 44 Music, Clas- sical, Romantic and Modern " and iwill say straight away that the title ismisleading. Modern music may beClassical or Romantic or bolh; Ro- mantic music may be classical and theclassics of music as we know are mo- dern, more than up to date, rightahead of the times. ....Monteverdi forexample, at least so they tell me.The author is a sane man andsides with the angels. Says he 44 Webelieve with Bizet that there are onlytwo kinds of music, good and bad " :then why, I ask myself, did he notcall his book Music : good and bad ?presumably because he objects to say44 this is bad music "or 44 that is badmusic " and always prefers to say itis good even when bad.He writes of Preclassical, Classical,the Rococo, Romanticism, Realism, ofneo-primitivisrn, neo-classicism, impres- sionism, expressionism, atonality, bi- tonality, and of politonality.These labels are a nuisance andI have rarely heard a serious musicianwho used them : they are made to amusethe beginners who invent them. Whoinvented the term Expressionism ? as- suredly not Kandinsky or Schonberg ;some budding journalist perhaps, cleverdog. I have never heard any of themusic of Schonberg ; it is my task towrite about music not to listen to it. When forced to listen, 1 like the worst,but I will come to M. Darius Mil- haud by and by.1 was somewhat alarmed aboutSchonberg one day in London in, Ithink, the year 1912 or *l3 ; it wasreported to me one day from a reliablesource that M. DiagelLw had askedCraig to stage a ballet with music bySchonberg. It seems to have occurredto the Russian that the Englishman'smise-en-scene and the Viennese musicwould outrage London society. Thatis what alarmed me.I for one have never found anysense in Craig's scenes : they simplydont appeal to me ; but I see nothingin them to flutter the dove coteries atCovent Garden. And so I wonderedwhether Schonberg's music v/as notjust as ordinary as Ciaig's scenes. Infact I was disappointed to think thatthis Austrian music (which I had ne- ver heard) might be quite good; Imean by that quite reasonable.Mr Hull, (the author of this book)has quite a little to say about Schon- berg, his 44 ugliness ", his theories, hisfreedom, and his restless mind. Hecalls him a 4 4 ferocious innovator " and,referring to the first part of his 44 Pier- rot Lumaire ", calls it 44 miraculouslydistorted I do not care what hecalls him, cr it, but I like to hear thatafter Schonberg had written it (in1912) the composer abstained fromwriting music altogether for eight years.What I like about Schonberg is thathis whole progress has been one ofthrowing things overboard because peo- ple would perch on them like birdsand like birds misbehave. Naturallyhe throws things overboard. He likesto go on quietly and not in a mess.The publicity of journalism assisted byprivate curiosity are all against that:no sooner has Schonberg seated him- self at piano, at table, or in a caf£then up start two journalists or threebusy-bodies and ask 44 Do you believein utterly destroying G Sharp " ? Ongetting the brief reply, they tendertheir effusive thanks and go home andtry to find the word in a dictionary.As they cannot find it they decidethat it must be an expressionism.... asindeed it is.But 44 bad " words lead to a lot ofbother like 44 bad " music and here Icome as 1 promised to M. DariusMiihaud.I have heard some of his music :I think it is the most horrific musicin the world, and I like it very much.I know I like it, because I want tohear the same piece again. 1 regretthat Mr Hull, (the author of this book) does not inform his readerabout 44 Les Malheurs ".This short opera Mr Hull does notmention ; did he not dare to ? I dare,and indeed confess to a longing tohear it many times until I come toknow it. I am as you see on thehigh road towards turning my back onit as old stuff, but how do that, I askyou, until I know it, oh so well.On first hearing it I began to spyits one weakness ; I found myself beingenchanted by the dirge sung by theanimals as they carried Eurydice to hertomb. I said to myself 44 that's good " •that was a bad sign and I want tohear it over and over again so as tocome to say of the whole piece 44 that'sgood and that is good " and then goodbye 44 Orph6e ". And what else, Iask you gende reader, is art for exceptto be rid of it and pass on to newerart (1).There is much dissonance in thisopera; I wont say too much disson- nance until I come to know it throughand through, but there is certainly notenough blue sky in it from which tomake a sailor a pair of breeches, andyou must admit that the sky was madeand then dyed blue for that verypurpose.M. Miihaud does not want hisopera to be cut up to make blue bagsfor anyone, and if you will pause fora moment you will recall that the aimof mankind is always to use art for itsown exalted purposes.... the exaltedpurposes of mankind.This book by Mr Hull will helpto thwart mankind, so 1 admire it,nay, more, I love it for that. Themore books which talk of neo-policyand semi-pottery, and pre -expressions -tical mysteries the better. Thwarts forthwarters say I, but if I say it quicklysix times running I shall make myselfridiculous.... so you say it for me. HAKLUYTS VOYAGES, with //-lustrations. Volumes 1, 2, 3&amp; 4./. M. Dent &amp; Sons, Prices 7/6 aVolume (for the complete 8 volumeswhen issued £ 3). WHILE attractively illustrated byold and new designs, some byThomas Derrick, and with an Intro- duction by Mr. John Masefield, whogives a great deal of interesting infor- mation on the structure and equipmentof Elizabethan ships, there ought to be many people to sit down to readfrom end to end the full eight volumes,in their charming old English; butanyhow it is a book into whichmany more will dip with ever reneweddelight, and wherever they shall putin a thumb they can be fairly sure ofpulling out a plum.The chapter headings themselves arerich in promise; as, for example,44 The voyage of Sir Hugh Willoughbyknight, wherein he unfortunately peri- shed at Arzina Reca in Lapland,Anno 1553 ", or 44 The voyage ofM. Anthony Jenkinson into Russia thethird time, Anno 1566 ", and pre- sently *4 A briefe rehearsall of all thetravailes of M. Anthony Jenkinson "and 44 A note of all the necessaryinstruments and appurtanances belon- ging to the killing of the Whale ".In short, a rich and genuine work,and we look forward to the issue ofthe remaining four volumes. (i) If there be any one who knowsanother use for it will he communicateit to me. My name is Jones —B. O. Jones,C|o The Mask, Box 444, Florence. LE MASQUE ET L'ENCENSOIR.Gaston Baty. Blond et Gay. Paris.Price 16 Francs. M GASTON BATY is one of the• energetic men in the French Thea- tre whose energy is doubtless looked onwith anything but favour in thosetheatric circles where energy is held tobe rather deplorable, I allude to energyof mind, vivacity of fancy not to beefyenergy. That, thank heaven, still com- mands respect—if not exactly the respectit deserves.Let us never despise beefy c nergy :there are men who have proved its valueon every stage. I wouldn't disparageMr. Seymour Hicks for worlds: M.Grettilat has my lasting reverence;44 Here we are again so long asthe lungs can stick it, is never to bedenied. Let physical energy and itsaccompaniment of seeming mental energybe ever welcome : why, for all I know,M. Gaston Baty has that too.Anyhow, he is alive ; alive in otherways. Born in 1885 he is but foity- two. Always a lover of the theatre,he aimed to be metteur en scene, notactor, not author.A curious aim. Melteur en sceneis what we call producer ;—but abroadit means producer with ideas—not apicker-up of notions. It is a position*a rather creative mind can fill.We often read the careless (or de- liberate) paragraphs about such andsuch a man producing, let us say,44 The Miracle ". Only last week Isaw the name of Mr. Morris Gestdown as having " produced " that production, which all the world wellknows was turned out by Reinhardt'sGroup. Groups produce and creativeindividuals produce; theatrical agentslike Gest never do.M. Baty seems to be no group.He is, with Jacques Copeau, Dullinand Pitoeff, one of the promising indivi- duals of the avant-garde in Paris.He is then to some extent a fol- lower of Mr. Gordon Craig, which isall to the good ; —but—and here hewill find support today and lose it to- morrow— he " n'accepte pas toutes lesdoctrines " writes M. Brillant in hislong and interesting Preface to thisbook. Which means that M. Batywill accept all he can understand andthat is more than most theatre folk do.They mostly accept the ideas they canturn into dollars, marks and francs.M. Brillant quotes a passage fromMr. Craig's "On the Art of theTheatre " (1911) where the English- man tells the younger men to takecare not to suppose that the founda- tion of two or three little Theatres inParis, Berlin or London will bringabout a renaissance—for only by thediscovery of the Laws of the Theatrewill this be brought about." J'ai !a conviction 99 adds M. Bril- lant, " que Baty a ' decouvert * ceslois et c'est pourquoi j'ai confidence enson succ&amp;s et dans la fecondite de soneffort ".But M. Baty has not yet definedthese laws 4f decouvert ". In hisbook which is full of spirit and manya good thing he tells us about /Es- chylus and the Mystery plays of themiddle ages, and does not deny thatit is something besides the script thatis the play. We still wait to hearwhat are his ideas as to the Laws ;and there is no reason to suppose hecan not tell us,—nay, more, contributesomething towards their interpretation. PIETER BRUEGEL THE ELDER,by Virgil Barker, with 55 Illustra- tions. The Arts Publishing Corpo- ration, New York* Price $ 2. I IAViNG no name, and he more1 1 than two days old, this painterof the north, waiting in vain for someone to name him, named himself.Breugel was his village and he sup- posed that he had crept out of thatvillage like one of those temptationstroubling Saint Anthony.Unknown is the date of his birth,and his parents equally unknown.They say he was a proud, over- bearing, kindly, preposterous, level- headed man, this son of a village;and that while people tolerated hisgenerosity they bridled if he laughedat their stupidity.—Where do I getmy facts? ....why, from an Archiveof course.His first master was Coeck—and Ishould like to quote extensively fromMr. Virgil Barker's account of his pro- gress. But if you do not get the bcokand read it every word for yourselfwhy should I help you to a fewcrumbs ; and if you do you won't needthe crumbs from me. That you willget it I do not for a moment doubt.It is the only book in English on thisgreat painter, this moving artist, andis well illustrated. The fifty-five repro- ductions will last you your life-time :have no fear that you will tire of them.You cannot tire of them because thereis not a square centimetre in anyoneof the fifty-five pictures that is not adelight. I almost added " to the eye " :but I stopped in time, knowing howcontemptible is the eye to so manydramatic critics of the hour.These queer folk suppose that theeye is a kind of inferior brain, or ajoint of the tail. They are puzzledhow intelligent people can descend toenjoy things through the eye. Thatthey are defective in that sense theywill not admit: they prefer to find thedefect in their brother's eye and dis- parage this little organ of the soul." Sensual, I call it ", they mutter.In pictures it's permissable, in Thea- tricals, it's not : Pictures are the workof painters, and painters " have nominds " as Mr. Tom Craven of Ame- rica said but recently. And when peo- ple have no minds how far is it thento Tipperary.Some of our Dramatic critics makea great to do with their superior snif- fing about the detestable eye of thespectators in a theatre. These spec- tators enjoy spectacle ; that is enoughfor the Dramatic critics. Such menwould have asked Disraeli to leavethe theatre because he rather liked thescenical and was always saying so.It appeals " only to the eye " isthe bald utterance of an Ervine andhis prompters. Pluck it out, Ervine,but pluck your own out first. Thenyou will no more see to pluck outours—and you will no more see thetrees, or the sunlight, or the sea; andyou will not see these beautiful dra- matic pictures by Bruegel, pictureswhich are full of the things actors stillneed to learn, and stage directors arealready learning.Bruegel lived in the days of Rabe- lais and Lucas Cranach, ana died ac- cording to Garollo in 1569. Marriedin 1563, he had two sons, Jean andPierre, who were also painters.Mr. Virgil Barker claims for himthe company of Shakespeare, Cervan- tes and Montaigne; (what will Ervinesay?) and indeed, but for the awfuldefect of appealing to the eye, hewould deserve that place.For my part, remembering Goethe'swords expressing a desire to cease fromwords and to depict things only, Iplace him above these three.But to do so you have to be prejudi- ced : to be cross with a pack of Pu- ritans and, as that's not worth it, letus leave the old painter with thosegreat men of letters and rest assuredthat the good sack or wine will provethat after all when all's said all's one. MAN—AN INDICTMENT, byA. M. Ludovici. Constable S" Co.Price 14/- net. TO begin with, this book couldhave been brought out at far lessthan fourteen shillings ; and yet do youblame the power seated in the office ofthe firm Constable and Co. for wish- ing to rake in a few more shillings ifpossible ? 1 for one cannot indict thepower—Cannot, ....what am I saying ?.... I will not; not because it wouldbe of no earthly good, not because 1am a Christian with a sense of humour(vide Mr. Ludovici, Page 214) butbecause, if not a Jew, I am Jewishlyinclined. I admit it without any hag- fling—l am strongly under the in- fluence of Jewry.And so I rather like this book,which is an indictment of some Eng- lishmen.Its title is quite an exaggeration, forno man in his senses indicts MAN;and Mr. Ludovici is in his senses.But while I agree with the writerthat English men, French men, Germanmen and so forth all need the bigstick as Mussolini administers it, I donot think they deserve the little switchof the pedant, and that's all I couldadminister were I put in authority,and really I'm not sure whether MrLudovici could do more either.The worst of an indictment is thatthe wrong people come bustling alongwith theories of Reform. And evenAction too. " Why I could do itbetter myself vide Mr Hannen Swaf- fer's article on late James White.I see nothing about Mussolini ormodern Italy in this book - and howthe author could have gone on wri- ting while Mussolini was doing all he advocates, and not refer to him, isnot a little staggering,Mr. Ludovici is urged to call for aMasculine Renaissance. Italy has amongstother things been giving rebirth to hermasculinity. They who live in Eng- land and only hear vaguely about thenew Italy, cannot be expected to un- derstand that the Mussolini renaissanceis something outside and very far beyondpolitics.There is far too much in this bookabout ladies and their everchangingpoint of view regarding males. Whois and who is not masculine enoughfor ladies the world will always hear.Hush! In 1927 James is not mas- culine enough and he is a bit of afool, I admit. Zitta! in 1929 Peteris not masculine enough, and he ob- viously awfully masculine—and rich.In 1931 Walter is tried (and sorelytoo). Poor Walter, he did so well,such a strong athletic sort of being—getting paler and paler e!/ery day—not masculine enough. In 1933 ....butlet us hope that by that time therewill be a new book and I will sug- gest the title 44 Some Men and someWomen : An Apology ".But I won't write it—unless I havegrown silly or discontented with lifeand the other fools who make up sucha diverse and, taken all in all, such akind and merry party, ....even if thewhispering confidante and the confiderare as arrant a pair of rascals as ever. THE STORY OF NAPLES byCecil Headlam. Mediaeval TownsSeries. /. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price5/6 net. EACH addition to this useful andwell-known series is welcome, andNaples has so varied and sparkling ahistory that the story of the city's manyvicissitudes makes good reading. Thebook is illustrated with photographs,plans, and with drawings by BentonFletcher.The rabid student of the stage willwish that a little more space had beenallotted to theatre matters, both as re- gards the city of Naples itself, and inthe section devoted to Pompeii, consi- dering how very important a partdrama and spectacle played in the lifeof these southern people.Marionnettes, we are told, 44 stillflourish in a tiny theatre near the Sta- zione Centrale (Via Foria, Via A. Poe- rio), in spite of the competition of theCinema 4fe Probably ", adds MrHeadiam, " the scene and the au- dience will prove more interesting than the story of the Reali di Francia,which the dolls, still arrayed in theirgorgeous traditional costumes, performso well. Your visit to this house—itis just a room with two low galleriesbuilt into it—will probably be a shortone, For you will find it crowdedwith fellow-creatures—and others—andthe atmosphere is unendurable ".These conditions are often enduredby those who adore the Cinemas, thepit of any theatre, and an afternoontea in Mayfair, so I cannot see thatMr. Headiam had anything to worryabout. EURIPIDES THE IDEALIST byR. B. Appleton, M. A. : Dent &amp;Sons. Price 6/~ net. 44 r 1 "HE great and growing interest inA Euripides, the most modern ofGreek dramatists, makes the appea- rance of this book particularly oppor- tune ", says the announcement on thewrapper.I should have supposed the interestto be diminishing —compared, for in- stance, with the interest in the Cinema.And though I do not compare theTheatre of today with the Cinema(for reasons which I hope the Editorof 44 The Mask " will allow me soonto state), I do compare a big modernentertainment with a big entertainmentof the past.These Euripides plays and those by theother famous playmakers of those timeswere the big entertainment of the past.I have nothing I wish to say aboutthose who were the entertainers but Iwish I had thirty pages that I mightfill them with stories, facts, picturesand what not about the entertained.There were flappers in those days....but flappers ! ! Gee! I know so littleabout flappers; I even do not quiteknow what the term signifies in all itsramifications; but 1 take it to standfor charming young ladies or less ofabout sixteen to twenty-0ne.... whoalways know what they want andsometimes get it.In the far-off days of Euripides pre- sumably there were admirable flapperswho wanted his plays.... he seemsto have written down to the flappersof his time. Darker /Eschyius sternlydenied their existence, his only greatflapper being represented as a crazywoman—l allude to the divine Cas- sandra.What an age ! What a number ofastounding women lived in those days;and tell me?—was not the vote givento those excellent girls. Euripides, who was the the Barrieof Greece, was a mild graceful heartcompared with his sterner predecessorsand contemporaries. Aristophanes de- rided him but that was only his fun ;he really envied Euripides, as he whowrites down to his public always isenvied. Ihe two of them dwelt in theAdelphi at Athens.Mr. Appleton devotes a good dealof his space to the politics and phi- losophy of Euripides and his religionand eke his defense of women. Thisseems to us unkind of Mr Appleton.For a playwright has his duties andshould not waste his strength and hispeculiar privileges. The whole strengthof a playwright is in his inability totake sides. Shall he support the strong,or attack them. Shall he deride theweak, or ever sympathise with them ?He lifts veils—we may see the wholeof humanity if he be dexterous in hisplay, on his stage.It is this, it is this that I dreadabout play-writers who are not play-Wrights, ....that they will not stick totheir trade and its immense privi- leges.So to tell me that Euripides thearch-entertainer of the city of Athens,was for or was against this and thatis to destroy another of my old dreams.And then does not my interest in Eu- ripides grow less and does not my in- terest in the Cinema grow more ? THE LIFE OF CHARLESDICKENS by John Forster. EverymanSeries. Dent &amp; Sons. 2 Vols. Price2f each. THE more I see of the EverymanSeries the better I like it (0 ; andwhen I think that for two shillings avolume you can get almost any of themost readable books in the Englishlanguage, in a volume you can holdeasily and read clearly and whichdoesn't break after you've read it fiveor six times, I am astonished, andwonder how the House of Dent hasdone it.It's no explanation to say that theLife of Dickens is no longer copyright,nor the Life of Mozart nor the Diaryof John Evelyn ; for, if these were freeto the Dents they were free to anyoneelse who wanted to reprint. But thenno one else has had quite the clever- ness to plan out so perfectly a series which has so many attractive qualities.These two volumes by Forster arepacked with good things.To one who does not like to beobliged to carry large books aboutwith him when slipping from his rooms(mine are off Fleet Street) into hischop-house (where 1 do most of mywork of reading after I have lunched)such light little booklets full of solidgood stuff are a blessing. A not quiteperfect Index helps me to find whatreaders of 44 The Mask " know Ialways seek for in all books—-a wordabout the Stage.Dickens loved theatricals and,what is never amiss, theatrical people.Some there are who adore theatricalsand are bored by theatrical people*Dickens visits Madame Viardotthe sister of Malibran in Paris.44 The Viardots have a house away44 in the new part of Paris, which44 looks exactly as if they had moved44 into it last week and Were going44 away next, Notwithstanding which,44 they had lived in it eight years.44 The opera is the very last thing44 on earth you would associate with44 the family. Piano not even opened.44 Her husband's an extremely good44 fellow, and she is as natural as it44 is possible to be ".What a charming thing to havesaid of one if one were of a theatricalfamily instead of being merely a re- viewer of theatric literature in FleetStreet. (i) Twenty more volumes have recentlyappeared, iucluding Vasari's u LivesBlake's poems ; Sternes Sentimental Jour- ney ; The Life of Abraham Lincoln andother useful works. A FLORENTINE DIARY from1450 to 1516 by Luca Landucci,Translated from the Italian by Alicede Rosen fervis. /. M. Dent. &amp; Sons.Price 7/6 net. THIS is an excellent translation ofthe book of daily jottings, setdown in laconic and forceful style byLuca Landucci between the years1450 and 1516, and continued by ananonymous writer who carries on therecord till 1 542.Perhaps the very terseness rendersthe effect of these daily everydayevents the more sensational, and Lan- ducci would have made an excellentcontributor to the Daily Mail of hisday. No editor could accuse himof wasting space or being verbose.He deals with battle, murder and sud- den death, pestilence, famine, upheavalsof government, in paragraphs of a fewwords or a few lines, and, as he livedin stirring times, he had plenty torecord.For students of Florentine life of the period this new translation, wellannotated, will be of value, while forany who like genuine records of actualdoings narrated in an entertaining way,it affords good reading, and throwsmuch light on the doings and reactions tocircumstances of many a man and wo- man, obscure or illustrious, of fivehundred years ago. LORD BYRON IN HIS LET- TERS, Edited by V. H. Collins.John Murray, Price 12/- net.LORD BYRON'S CORRESPON- DENCE, Edited by John Murray.2 Vols. John Murray. Price 25/-net. 44 the classics, I know about asV-/ much as most school-boys aftera discipline of thirteen years ; of thelaw of the land as much as enablesme to keep 44 within the statute "to use the poacher s Vocabulary. I didstudy the 44 Spirit of Laws " (*) andthe Laws of Nations; but when Isaw the latter violated every month Igave up my attempts at so useless anaccomplishment : of geography ; Ihave seen more land on maps than Ishould wish to travel on foot;—ofmathematics, enough to give me theheadache without clearing the partaffected ;—of philosophy, astronomy,and metaphysics, more than I cancomprehend ; and of common sense solittle, that I mean to leave a Byronianprize at each of our 44 Almae Ma- ires " for the first discovery,—thoughI rather fear that of the longitudewill precede it.I once thought myself a philosopher,and talked nonsense with great deco- rum : I defied pain and preached upequanimity. For some time this didVery well for no one was in pain forme but my friends, and none losttheir patience but my hearers. Atlast, a fall from my horse convincedme bodily suffering was an evil ; andthe worst of an argument overset mymaxims and my temper at the samemoment, so I quitted Zeno for Aris- tippus, and conceive that pleasureconstitutes the TO XCCXOV ". THIS extract is from a letter writ- ten January 21 1808 when Byronwas twenty years of age.His public is of course immensejbut there is one large group that doesnot know him at all and these arethe artists of all kinds ; so 1 wish thatthis latest collection of his Letters, or another like it, could be issued at alow price so that the artists who cannotpossibly pay 12/- for any book couldenjoy the brilliant things.I suppose that very few musicians,painters, architects, draughtsmen, youngactors will come across this book. Iknow very few of such Englishmenwho know Byron at all—and a know- ledge of him early enough would ba- lance a lot of them who lack thatqueer, good stuff, common sense.I doubt if even very many writersread him.This is the day for reviving janeAusten and Trollope, and the boo- ming of Tchehov and Pirandello, ofProust and of Shaw, all of whom are,I believe, wonderful good stuff. Yes,good stuff : but Byron is all that theyare and a big bit more.To cap it all he is a first classmaster.I doubt the quality of the pupils ofTchehov, Shaw and Proust. I dreadthose whom Pirandello will train, andI query if the Jane Austen, Tchehovand Trollope schools will yield quiteenough.To fine writers, to men of the samecraft, Trollope and Jane Austen are natu- rally a great delight; and of coursethe name of Byron smacks somewhatof a coloured postcard showing amoonlight scene in Venice. It is allthe fault of the public, for Byron isnot a bit like that, and they have notmuch knowledge of what he isn't orwhat he is.You go to his verse soon after youare reading his prose.It is a superb style ; he is a clearthinker and never caught pondering.No one has ever seen him worryingabout an idea—lost in thought—or ata loss for a word. He was practi- cally without any pose: never self- conscious : had good health; rodemuch, swam much and shot a gooddeal with the pistol; was accounted agood swimmer, horseman and shot.Responded to life—did not humand haw and hesitate. Fine eyes hethought finer than they were,—he sup- posed they indicated fine feeling andfine manners. There he made a mis- take, but one that is becoming in anyman between twenty and thirty* T lewould speak or write to Lady Caro- line Lamb or to Miss Milbanke or toLady Oxford as though they werelike his friends Clare and Hobhouse,Kinnaird, Moore, and would play fair.This was really too much honesty—too gallant and, if you like it toostupid.Lady Caroline Lamb seems to have spent a good many years of her lifesaying the most damnable things shecould invent about Lord Byron whilehe lived.In 1824 she was driving with herhusband near Nottingham when By- ron's body passed them in its hearse.A few days later she wrote to Mr.John Murray: &lt;4 I am sure I am sorryI ever said an unkind word againsthim ".Why she should trouble to regretthe one word and forget the millionothers is no more to be understoodthan the other eccentric playfulnessesof this pretty lady.But there is every excuse for her.She could always be sure of a hearing,Not only ladies listened ; gentlemendid too ; and the only thing we cansuppose is that they had all lost thevirtue which especially belongs to la- dies and gentlemen. They all lovedlistening at keyholes ; glued their eyesto cracks in the partition which divi- ded their distinguished selves from theordinary working peers and ploughmen.They were the idlers —at least wemust suppose that. On thinking overMiss Milbanke's case and after life, itdoes seem a pretty empty existence an awful waste of her time and Eng- land's strength, for she bamboozled Eng- land right enough.One comes across her in Miss FannyKemble's reminiscences: she is gene- rally busy paying some clergyman afee or some lawyer, or she is makingwise remarks ; she is not doing any- thing—just robbing the orchard allthe time:—when caught she remarks44 I was only playing Little darling.Lady Caroline Lamb appears too inMiss Fanny's books: 44 Gueth howmany pairth of thtockingth I have on"she asks Mr. Harness one evening ata bail, and while Mr. Harness is splutte- ring 44 Well l'm sure—1—wh0....I—wh0....she shows him and says 44 Thixth ".Of course we discuss nothing halfso dull as mere stockings at ballstoday, and I grant that Lady Carolinedid help us to get on and over theground and up to more dangerousstupidities: our talk is more lurid, Iadmit it. But is there nothing "twixtthe lurid and skittish, and the dull andpuuipous ?Out of fifty things I like in LordByron one is that he is so devilishBritish. Hare he goes off to Italy andsparkles Britishly amidst a volcano ofVenetian or Pisan sparks.He guarantees for Britain that ourscan and shall be British sparks ; neveris his fire at all like the Russian Bal- let, for example. His sparks are mostly all smiling andmerry ones —if devilish, then devilishhappy. They don't burn or scorch,they illuminate.And not every Britisher of geniuseven of comic genius—did that.Sterne, Swift, Sheridan, &lt;0 all are ra- ther saturnine and poke their fun atyou with the tongs.If Byron's days were troubled withmany too many griefs than they needhave been, out of 365 days he gave265 of them this brightness, this erecthappiness.1 suppose it is just that whichexasperated the watery ones. Well,well, they would, and they will, alwaysfind their own level. (i) Montesquieu's Esprit des Lois. THE FALSE RED NOSE. THREE PLAYS William Archer.Constable. Price / 0[- net. THE Preface which Mr. BernardShaw has written to this book Iswithout any jocularity, is charged withgreat tenderness (and there is a touch offun too), and is, if one can speak sohappily of anything so sad, delightful.Archer wore an unsympathetic maskand 44 the air of a stoic" ; but Mr. Shawawakens all our sympathies for him.The mask slips off by Shaw's expresswish, and it is a beautiful thing inmany ways that we see, and I am leftwondering. What on earth, I won- der, made Archer,... but all is explainedby Mr. Shaw who, besides winningall our affection (rather too late) forthis dear old Archer, who certainlydid shoot at frogs, wins a large si ice ofit for himself.What are they all doing, one muses.What are they at masquerading in Lon- don like this ? One did not suspect mas- querade : one thought it all real. Onesaid to oneself, ....the red nose, that'sreal: first finger flat against side of nose,....that too is a real gesture : state of calmbordering on deathliness, or exuberantkick-a'bouts,—both are real, surely : almost everything one had held wasreal in this solemn pageant: and nowShaw shows us it was all put on bysheer force of character.44 Howl Howl Howl "—how doesit go: go how it may, what is it allabout, this masquerading in broaddaylight,—doing it all in such an un- gainly fashion—no expense about it—-bless us, ...no, bless them, bless themfor muddlers ;—God sent, perhaps, Godpossessed, but lunatic muddlers assu- redly.For if you feel—if you be reallyhuman —if you have hearts, you havethings worthy to be seen. Brains, lo- gic, and quiet control of even the bestof red noses supplied hy the wig- maker cannot avail —they lead nowhereexcept towards the climax of an awfulpractical joke.Here lies poor Archer dead, andonly now does anyone tell him tolake off his stupid mask of a stoic.44 No wonder he seemed a monsterof insensibility to those who did notknow him very intimately ".But why did he wear that thing ofNovember sth ? ...why did any ofhis friends let him wear it ? Whydid they join him in the deadly mas- querading ?I think these plays of Archer arejolly good. What was friend B, andfriends C and D, doing that they de- nied it while he was living ? Whydidn't they produce them, shame Ar- cher, and turn him from the accursedpath of dramatic criticism into thegayer one of dramatic writer ? No.Providence had nothing to do with it,nor his friends either; something elseit is which makes these humans inEngland pretend to be dour stoics,red-nosed socialists and all the othersilly and quite badly-done masquera- dings.These plays I shall read and re-readso as to see the real Archer, and alsowhen ever I wish to be reminded ofthe crass silliness of the kind of jestwhich England believes is so useful,and which is of all things the mostuseless—and the most harmful.Was Walkley Walkley? 1 ask myself,was he a great fool, writing not soill, vain to a degree, convinced thatthe theatre without him could not gostraight, elaborate in his thoughts, fussyyet calm, pompous, utterly vile as aguide about theatrical things —was heall this or a plain excellent natural goodfellow ?Yes, he was a plain excellent naturalgood fellow, and damme, he too put on ared nose ; he too was frightened withsomething and disguised rather than behimself. He played the role of dra- matic critic in the ghastly manner weall know so well; and all for whatreason ? Explain, at length if you like,but by every law of humanity explain;out with it and then let it stop.For these people, so charming, andso able in some hidden way, are so hideously poisonous to simple publicopinion when they turn dramaticcritic.Now I begin to think of St. JohnErvine, of A.gate ; these two who arequite impossible, writing nonsensicallywith the air of pontiffs, these are possiblyborn playwrights of an eccentric kindperhaps—perhaps of a noble kind ;like Archer, perhaps really born to domelodramas well after some practice—and prevented by the fatuous notionof the readers of Sunday papers thatDramatic Criticism is of any worthat all.But anyhow this is a lovely thingby Shaw. (i) Sheridan's humor, or rather wit,was always saturnine, and sometimes sa- vage. He never laughed (at least that Isaw—and I watched him) but GeorgeColman did Byron in a letter toGeorge Colman. THE COMEDY OF THE CRO- CODILE with introduction by Latriebel.Oxford University Press. No Pricegiven,A NEW WAY TO PAY OLDDEBTS. Massinger. Clarendon Press,Oxford. Price 6/- netTHE SOURCES OF 8 HAMLET'.Sir Israel Gollancz. Oxford UniversityPress. Price 7/6 net,THE WOOD DEMON. AntonTchekhov. Chatto &amp; Windus. Price5/- net. 88 Comedies are writ to be spoken,not read; remember the life of thesethings consists in action 99.fohn Marston in hisPreface to *' The Fawne 1 1604-6. WHY do we keep on denying thetruth ? We know perfectly wellwhat the Theatre is for. We havebeen told quite clearly and at leastfifty times; every ten years someonetells us just what John Marston theDramatist said in 1604,Why do so many people pop upeager to deny the truth ? And inIsles too. Why there ?There are several reasons.One is that men who write playsare not in their right place. Each seriousplaywriter should belong to some com- pany of comedians and learn his busi- ness : but then * companies * rarelyexist nowadays : for a company toexist a playhouse is needed. So thatsome excuse is to be found for play- writers being out of their right place,for the place is no longer in the righthands or put to its right use.It is not therefore fair to judgethese pieces—-these 88 playsThis 88 Comedy of the Crocodile "seems made for acting, and here is abook about it, and all of it mightydull to my thinking. 8 Hamlet *, too, seems all right toplay ; but here we have ye merry olde88 Historic of Hamlet ", and, thoughSir Israel is a graceful essayist, againI am bored. I mean politeness: Imean drat all this talk about plays,let's have the plays performed. But1 know what you mean,-—the expense !Ah ! What an asset.•teIncidentally the book is a catastro- phe in the way of binding.88 The King's Classics " which itcopies, and copies blatantly, was a finelittle piece of book work. The bor- der of the title-page of this book isalmost a facsimile of the title-pageused in the King's Classics series.I don't think that's playing thegame.Again, lacking Edmund Kean's as- sistance, I am not at all thrilled byMassinger's 88 New Way " : I am boredby it.88 The Wood Demon" is by Tchehov,and the names of the people in itdestroy me. 88 Look here ", as Tchehovwas won't to say. 88 Alexander Vladi- mirovich Serebryakov ", 88 Marie Vas~silievna Voynitsky 88 Leonid Stepa- novich Zhelloukhin I'm not ma- king these up; there they are, andone is supposed to be able to reada play with these names to fuddle one.Rather give me Ham ; and Oph : anyday.But Tchehov is for acting; I haveseen the piece played in its stage formof 88 Uncle Vanya ", which PrinceUrusov held was a 88 spoilt " 88 WoodDemon Spoil if you like—smash,do what you will, but let's have theplays on the stage ; let them be jud- ged from the loges, stalls, dress circle,gallery, and pit, and from nowhereelse; judged solely by the public in whichthe critic is a very small man indeedand should be sat on. I'm a critic:sit on me; but only do that afteryou've restored the Drama and Thea- tre for yourselves, It's yours.And as for this growing epidemicwhich is seizing on everyone who canwrite at all, to write a play and publish it,I've had enough of it, for it's alreadyexceeded all reasonable proportions.Doctor it, but don't let us any moreask a sane nation of playgoers to sitand judge a non-result.Until played, no one can say if theplay is good or bad. Give each playits fair chance ; do not subject it tothis preposterous ordeal.And do not delay another twenty- five years: it costs far too much todelay as you do.To whom am I speaking ? To theplaygoers.—Who else matters? THE COMPLETE LIMERICKBOOK by Lang ford Reed. Jarrolds.Price 7/6 net. THIS is a second and more com- plete edition of the complete bookwhich appeared in 1924 by the au- thor of a number of highly successfulscreen plays and other amusing works.I had heard much of this bookfrom the London papers and I sup- posed it would be a jolly little pocketvolume one could take out with onewhen going to tea or to one of themore literary theatres or in a train;and it turns out to be the size of asmall portmanteau. But it is full offun instead of ties so no one willmind.My favourite in this book is thatby Mr. Arthur Stanley illustrated byH. M. B. There was a faith-healer of DealWho said, " Although pain isn't real,If I sit on a pinAnd it punctures my skin,I dislike what I fancy I feel".Another by George du Maurier who,we must remind our readers of 1927,was the father of Sir George du Mau- rier, is of a 48 different order " andpretty good,tl II existe un'Espinsteie a ToursUn peu vite ; et qui porte toujoursUn ulsteur petiu-de-phoque,Un chapeau bilicoqueEt des nicrebocquers en velours 5An able Introduction gives weightto the book.We are told that Tom Moore isthe father of the Limerick. We alsolearn that writing these kind of jinglesis a favourite pastime with some par- sons and bishops, and that Mr. Ber- nard Shaw doesn't and Sir ArthurPinero couldn't. That they should be,as Mr. Shaw says, 88 left for oral tra- dition " is, like much that Mr. Shawsays, correct. This book certainly seems to prove it. For this reasonthe size of the volume is all wrong.A little affair on thin paper wouldhave been quite enough, price 2/6 net.I would draw Mr. Reed's attentionto a series of Limericks by M. B. on" The Characters of Shakespeare "which appeared in " The Mask " in1924 for he has evidently never seenthem. LA R. ACCADEMIA DEGLI IM- MOBILI ED IL SUO TEATRO"LA PERGOLA " (1649-1925)by Ugo Morini. Pisa. Privately prin- ted. Price not given. THERE is no index in this, the firstattempt to prepare a definitiveCronistoria of the celebrated Teatrodeila Pergola of Firenze. It is printedon a very inferior class of paper: itis, for such a theatre, insufficiently il- lustrated : there are some serious omis- sions, and the book was printed inPisa instead of in Firenze, ... perhapsbecause the author lives in Pisa whichis, after all, sufficient reason.As a rule Italian cities great andsmall do better than this for theirTheatres. I have the books on theTheatres of Pistoia, Milano, Napoli,Bologna and some more; so I amable to judge from these what is theItalian standard for such a book.I see that in every case an Indexis required, excellent paper used, andthe book printed in the city of whichit treats ; and in most case~, when thecity has archives, illustrations of themost documentary kind are supplied.This book on the Florentine theatreis not comparable with that on theTheatre of Pistoia, a neighbouring cityand very much smaller.The Florentine book has more il- lustrations but these are not selectedwith sufficient care and some are illprinted or the blocks carelessly made.o r»e omission is a plan of the buil- ding. We give one herein Plate 12.This plan seems to have escaped thenotice of every one in Italy.There is another omission on page194; " The famous lady Virginia deBlast's " is referred to as having sung atthe Pergola in April 1838, but not aword is said of her having died thesame year—in May or June, I forgetwhich for the moment—nor is it recal- led that on June 15 th there wasperformed in this same Teatro deilaPergola a cantata written especially tocelebrate her by Andrea Nencini.Presumably the manuscript of thiscantata and the plan of the buildinghave been lost or .they would have been noted amongst the cimeli whichare " preserved and guarded with jealouscare in the Archives of the Accademiadegli Immobili the Academy whichhas owned this theatre since it was built(1652-1657) by Ferdinando Tacca.This has to be said for theauthcr, that he has done his workvery well; but I fancy that the con- ditions under which he laboured werenot all that could be desired.In his Preface, addressing SignorConte Bali Albert deila Gherardescapresident of the Academy of the Im- mobili, he gracefully hopes 44 that mymodest work tnay attain the endwhich you had in view when you or- dered its publication This then isa done-to-order work. Looked at assuch it does not say very much forthose who ordered it. The ship hasbeen spoiled for a ha*porth of tar;—but I for one am very grateful tothe author for the effort he has madeto supply us with the best possiblebook under the circumstances. ELOCUTION FOR TEACHERSAND STUDENTS by Rose /.Patry. George Allen and UnwinLtd. Price 46. THERE are some who beg the elo- cutionist to recite and others whofind the elocutionist an impossible per- son because, 44 If you ask her to re- cite she gets up and does so ! "And after all it is so much easiernot to. Elocutionists generally seem tobe intense enthusiasts who think thatwhatever they can't do they can at anyrate speak, and so they pour a measureof boundless zeal into the study ofhow to turn their speech into an art,thus inverting Browning's process of44 Using nature that's an art toothersStill Irving's recitation of The Dreamof Eugene Aram showed that thereare great things to be done in thisline. Producing the effect it did, theremust have been something which wasanalysable even as JJhere is somethingwhich the critic of painting and ofmusic may analyse. Experts whowrite handbooks on the art of thereciter may reasonably be looked tofor some intelligent appreciation of themasterpieces of the art. But that isnot what Miss Rose I. Patry gives usin this, her second book on Elo- cution.She has all the familiar enthusiasmof the reciter. One of her conclusions,on the art of Public Speaking, is that,44 A real enthusiasm for the subjectchosen, and a bright and interesting manner, will go far in securing the at- tention of those present In recitingthis same enthusiasm of the performertoo frequently smothers the design ofthe " piece Nothing is expressedexcept the personal emotion of thereciter which is quite another thingfrom the expression of the 44 ecstacyremembered in calm " of the poet.Miss Patry opens her book with achapter in the examination-paper formof question and answer. This has themerit of being direct. The questionsare all very well but the answers gi- ven cannot be awarded full marks bythe examiner. 44 What is Rhythm ? "Miss Patry asks, and answers (withacknowledgements to somebody's dic- tionary), 44 Measured motion ; divisionof time into short portions by a regu- lar succession of motions, impulses,sounds, producing an agreable effectThis won't do, for a rhythm may beas long as an aeon, it may be irregu- lar and produce a very disagreableeffect. No question is asked aboutMetre (which may properly be de- scribed as measured motion) but a fewexamples of English measures are givenwith the classical Greek terminologywhich is now better discarded. It isa puzzle to know why certain otherthings are included in the book. Forinstance, three pages of definitions ofthe Figures of Speech are extractedfrom an ordinary Grammar book andgiven here without any comment onthem from the elocutionary standpoint.Seven pages of 44 Difficult Words andtheir Meanings " are thrown in withoutany remark on their pronounciationwhich might justify their inclusion in ahandbook devoted to speech.Exercises consisting of consonant andvowel combinations by the page makeup the greater part of two chapters.These are recommended for stamme- rers and other defectives. Any ordi- narily able person would be capableof combining the sounds in as manyvarieties as need be without the helpof Miss Patry's columns of SHEESH- SHASH - SHAHSH - SHAWSH -SHOHSH-SHOOSH.Some of the exercises include theinstruction to draw strokes which forma couple of mountains, a hat with afeather, a stalk with a cherry, an en- velope with a seal, triangles, figures,and letters, simultaneously with thepronunciation of certain sounds : it looksa little like a parlour-game, but MissPatry assures us in her Introductionthat all the exercises 44 which are theresult of many years' experience inteaching, have been of real practical»»use . COSTUME AND FASHION, Vo- lume 2. Senlac to Bosworth. / 066-1485. By Herbert Norris. Illustra- fed. /. M Den/ (S* Sons Price 31 /6 nef. I have not had the advantage ofseeing the first volume of this veryuseful and most entertaining work onCostume, but in a Foreword the au- thor tells me that it had a 44 gratifyingreception...... particularly in America ".I am sorry England lost this littletussle. We should begin to see to it thatall comments about gratifying receptionend up with 44 particularly in England ".I think that when completed it willbe one of our most complete studiesof Historical Costume, and we havenot very many in our language.Until now the French and Germanshave done this preparatory Theatrework exhaustively. Viollet-le-Duc andRacinet, Hottenrcdt and others runtheir books into five or six volumesapiece,—and I always regret that theiirst had not covered as much groundas did Racinet, who starts with theyear one and goes on till he reacheshis own day.From Racinet Mr. Norris takes no- thing ; but from Vioilet-le-Duc hetakes a good deal, as indeed every- one must who deals with the Costumebetween 1066 and 1400.Dr. Fischel s studies always in- terest me, and Fairholt and Blancheare ever useful; but Mr. Norris knowsof many more sources than ever I shall,and into these he has dipped andtaken something to add to his ownknowledge which must be staggering.He has prepared his book withgreat care and a with diligence extraor- dinary. before each chapter is placeda list of contemporary historical events,a sensible thing to do, omitted as arule from too many books on specialsubjects. So that on seeing the pic- ture of 44 a Norman noble " (page 4)and wondering how on earth anyonein poor old England in 1066 couldafford such luxuries as he is trappedout in, one turns to the list of eventsand is reminded that since these fo- reigners the Normans were rich enoughto buy the country, they were richenough to have their stuffs and jewelsand the rest sent over from France.I had forgotten that England passedout of the hands of the English in 1066and Mr. Norris has reminded me.As a Theatre book it is a valuablemine of information for Professionalas well as Amateur performers, forMr. Norris gives us hundreds of cuts forcloaks, gowns, cottes, sleeves, hose, (avery useful cut this one), pelicons, mantels, foot gear, and in short for everythingwe need when producing a Historicalplay. Crowns are not forgotten, norany lordly ornaments and we evenhave patterns of stuffs handed to us.He explains everything—each term,as well as the use of each piece ofeach dress ; and his drawings help usto understand what can't be explained.Sometimes in his diagrams he lets acertain something escape which I miss :for example, in his 44 circular mantle "Fig. 294. This he has of course co- pied from Viollet-le-Duc, but he hasmade it podgy whereas Vioilet-le-Ducmade it elegant spite of the fulness.It is all doubtless very historicallyaccurate, and now and again, as onpage 358 where he shows us 44 the "line 44 desired by all fashionable menin Henry Vl's reign " he is accurateto important ends.In some rare instances I have foundsome of those queer contradictions thefortunate reviewer loves to spot, andI cannot conceive how it is that thecrown of Henry VI should be onething on page 383 and quite anotheron page 455, unless he had one crownfor workdays and another for Sundays.There are 24 full page colour platesand 682 black and white diagramsand sketches, and these drawings aremuch more carefully drawn than thosewe find in Blanche or Fairholt, andare essentially done with a view tohelping us who make costumes, not sothat the artist can show off his skill asa pen draughtsman. THE LIFE OF JENNY LIND byMrs Raymond Maude O. B. E. Cas- sell &amp; Co. Price 10/6 net.LIFE'S FITFUL FEVER by Mar- garet Wynne Nevinson /. P., L. L. A.A &amp; C. Black Ltd. Price 15/- net. I glanced at the index of the firstbook to see if Mr Bernard Shawhad somehow been dragged into thebook ; not a word. But then there isnothing touching the Dolly Sisters orMr. Charles Chaplin. And this too isextraordinary. But there I found Mr.Chorley.Mr. Chorley wrote musical and dra- matic criticisms long ago when JennyLind wss floating through life's fitfulfever as only a performer (if she's good)can float through it.A performer who is a woman hasso many advantages over the otherwomen. The excitement of the lifecarries her through the fever—unlessshe sits down and mopes about theexcitement like old Mrs. Macready did.Mr. Chorley, a bit of an old wo- man, (the James Agate of that day)did his best to stagger through thefever by writing for the 44 Athenaeum ".The story of Jenny Lind is hereset down for us by her daughter,and of course a daughter is quite thevery last person who should be permittedto write a life of a famous mother,The best person to write is is an or- dinary accountant. Someone used tosums. Figures, dates and facts shouldsupply the whole material: from thisthe accountant can tot up the sum.It's absurd to try and blacken orwhitewash a character; it is prepos- terous to suppose any such attemptwill have the desired effect. It's asabsurd to try and do justice to an ar- tist, to tell people how he painted orwrote; and as for dreaming of at- tempting to pass on to us the way hesang, acted or played on the fiddle,is it not ridiculous ?The daughter of Jenny Lind Gold- schmidt does not do that and so weare still to allowed to try and imaginehow she sang. She was a Swedishlady and was trained at the School ofthe Theatre Royal: she was rather rudeonce to the beloved Hans Andersen;and she was an astounding success.Mrs. N evinson has not been anastounding success, but she has probablybeen more and achieved more.Her book is that of a woman whohas worked for others, especially otherwomen, for whom she thought it worthwhile sacrificing all personal success.Seriously and with a fine sense of hu- mour she writes this story of her lifewithout any trills. It is full of funand there are few bouquets.Had she been born in Sweden andgifted with Jenny Lind's voice what abook she could have written andwouldn't have written. RIVISTA MUSICALE ITALIA- NA; Anno XXXIV. Fasdcolo I. Fra- telli Bocca. Torino. 30 lire a copy. THIS has ever been one of the verybest Reviews published in Europe.The present issue contains the se- cond chapter of an interesting series of44 Lettres de Must dens ecrites en fran- cats da XV aa XX siecle some byAuber, Herold, Ha!£vy and AdolpheAdam being in the number; 44 Uncodice piemontese di teorici musicalidel Medioevo": two or three otheruseful articles, and the usual excellentbook reviews.The price is about 6/9 of our En- glish money, for which we get 168pages of serious writing on most en- tertaining or instructive themes. EDITORIAL NOTES. FER TILIZERS. " The music-hall, the circus, Ame- rican negro orchestras, all fertilize anartist to a degree equal to that oflife Jean Cocteau. THE cross between American negroorchestra and an artist—what sortof brat is that?The Circus we know was fertile the Romans developed a real Circus.The Music-Flail has attracted someof our European artists; Sickert, Lau- trec and a dozen others who haveloved its artifice.But we must not misapply M. Coc- teau's offhand remark, nor over esti- mate it. A man of sense, we expecthe meant by the term Artists, not thepainter or the poet, but the music-ballartiste, the circus * artiste * and thenegro artiste. If so he did well tore-state the obvious. The less obviousnotion, ie that the circus, music-halland Jazz fertilize musicians, painters,poets, architects, sculptors and thepractitioners in other branches of thefine arts "to a degree equal to thatof life " is not acceptable.These things intoxicate like winerather than fertilize, and, very goodas wine is, it is not yet'equal to lifeitself. Cut off all wine and you stillhave life. What would life be with- out wine ? One must try that fora month or six to discover. Till thenhow can one tell ? We are afraid thatafter all we have to admit that it isonly Life itself which fertilizes the artist.That the circus, music-hall and ne- gro orchestras have all affected manyof the younger artists of today to astaggering degree is not to be gainsaid.But then all odd sort of drinks dothat especially the mixed ones. WANTED. A BOOK ON THETHEATRES OF LONDON. WHILE Mr. Beresford Chancelloris devoting his time to givingus remarkable books on London, unrol- ling for us the whole big panorama, can- not someone else help him with a smallpart of the work ? We want a bookdealing with all the Theatres of Lon- don (as buildings) since the earliest times.We want all the plans, views, exte- rior and interior ; sectional architecturalplans; views which have been made ofruins; facades;—we want it all and allin two volumes.There was a book issued some yearsago called " Old Time Aldwychwritten by Mr Charles Gordon. Thereis no date to it ; Mr. Fisher Unwinpublished it.It is just such a book (but this timedevoted to London's Theatres from theirearliest days) that we need, for noneexists. Some sixty to seventy well chosenillustrations made the book we refer to adelight: it was printed on paper whichwas real paper and not a woolly rab- bit skin shaved close; and the factthat it was full of theatrical informa- tion makes me wonder whether itsauthor cannot be persuaded to do thisbook for us. It would have to besolely topographical and architectural,and no talk of what was acted in thebuildings, or who acted, or it wouldrun into ten volumes. We supposethat two volumes would cover thewhole subject, and, provided we weregiven some hundred illustrations ineach volume, we should be content.Such a work should have a steadysale in every European state and inAmerica, for the problem of theatrebuilding is once more occupying theminds of hundreds of men.Or turn from " Old Time Ald- wych " t &gt; " The London PleasureGardens of the 18th century " byWarwick Wroth assisted by ArthurE. Wroth and published by Macmil- lan in 1896 : it is another such bookas the " Old Aldwych " volume, onlyrather more detailed and is the kindof book needed on Theatres. If Pleasuregardens deserve such a book, surelyour British Theatres deserve no less. PRETENDERS AND THEREAL THING. J. S. IF you have attended the RoyalWelsh National Eisteddfod youknow that Drama is not one of itsweaknesses. That weakness is now tocome upon it this August.No Greek play will be performed.Let us reassure anyone who believesthat the sole thing to do when brea- king the ice at a Royal. Eisteddfodis a Greek play. Nor will anythingWelsh be attempted. Ibsen's play " ThePretenders " will be given, with pro- bably a German setting and acted byRussians.We say probably, because alreadya Russian has been invited to producethe piece. It's colossal, this un-Britishway of behaving. Whether the oldscenes and costumes of 1913 will beused is not certain.In 1913 "The Pretenders" wasproduced by Laurence Irving withdesigns by Sime. Lord Howard deWalden was somehow connected withthat production as he is with theshow to be given in Wales this autumn.The Pavilion being built will hold,it is said, 12,000 people—if 12,000can be found to fill it. Yet surelyfor the reasons above stated it must bea safe speculation.Drama is not something to have aweakness for. Lord Howard de Wal- den has a weakness for it. It is some- thing to have a very strong passionfor, or it is best that you leave it alone.It's only fiddle-faddling to play withit as some people now and again playwith race horses, yachts and charity.All these things are really best leftalone unless one can bring a good bigbit of force into (British worktoo—not Russian) and so help themon to something worth while.The fiddling dilettante " supporter "who bears the whole expense of aproduction is so often a nuisance be- cause he more often than not runs to£ 200 if its a Scotch enterprise, maybe to £ 2000 if in England, butseems not to possess the force to domore. He leaves it to ordinary hardworkers like Lord Rothermere whoassuredly does things properly. Did henot run " Polly '* in a big way ? Anyhowhe buys paintings properly—and generallyis known to support the arts like aconnoisseur. He has wise advisers and•&gt;listens to them.A short time ago we heard a gooddeal in The Express, London, of thescheme initiated by, we believe, LordBeaverbrook through which he wasgoing to support the younger artists.Whether he did anything is notknown to us, but all England learnedthat Lord Rothermere had bought thepainting by Mrs Dod Proctor exhibi- ted at the Royal Academy.One would have expected LordBeaverbrook or Lord Howard de Wal- den to have done this, and 10, LordRothermere slips easily past them and,while the others are talking, he bringsit off. That's not fiddling—its a littlestroke of genius.But he's always doing it, and weshall always admire that kind of spirit. LAST WORDS. GEORGE COLMAN ANDO HIS BROAD GRINS. G IN 1871 (it was the Victorian Age) theBroad Grins of George Colman theyounger were issued (or re-issued) byMessrs. ;Chatto &amp; Windus with a Memoirof this younger Colman by G. B. B. who- ever that may be.The 44 Grins4' are a collection oflate 18th century and early 19th centuryrubbish ; buthnterspersed among them area number of facts which are valuable tothe historian of the English Stage.Although the younger Colman wasthe author of the well-known opera44 Inkle and Yarico of 44 The Heir atLaw " and of the melodrama 44 The IronChest 99, the latter played by EdmundKean and presumably found to be a va- luable asset to his repertory, it wouldseem that he and they have now beenpractically forgotten.I have not read either nor seen ei- ther performed, and I dare say you haveseldom heard of them ; yet the author was 44 acknowledged as the foremostdramatic writer of the age ". So theremust have been something in his workfor it to be found remarkable.Dr. Allardyce Nicoll calls him 14 acapable dramatist " and reminds us that44 The Iron Chest " was one of the" outstanding successes of the 18th cen- tury ".Mankind never wearies of telling usthat an outstanding success is whatshould be striven for, and so againthere must be something in this 44 IronChest ".Colman won a reputation as a pun- ster rather than a wit and should Jyouread 44 Broad Grins " yon will probablyfind most of it very dull : nearly all ofit seems unconscionably dull to me, butthere is one gem,—a really good pieceof brilliant paste.We would hardly reprint it but thatit has a strong moral tendency, and doubt- less it was this which urged MessrsChatto &amp; Windus to publish the wholebook.It is entitled: UNFORTUNATE MISS BAILEYI.A captain bold in Halifax, that dwelt in country quarters,Seduced a maid who hanged herself one morning in her garters :His wicked conscience smited him ; he lost his stomach daily ;He took to drinking ratafia, and thought upon Miss Bailey.Oh, Miss Bailey ! unfortunate Miss Bailey !11.One night betimes he went to rest, for he had caught a fever.Says he, il lam a handsome man, but I'm a gay deceiver".His candle just at twelve o'clock began to burn quite paleley ;A ghost stepped up to his bedside, and said. 44 Behold Miss Bailey IOh. Miss Bailey ! unfottunate Miss Bailey I111.44 Avaunt, Miss Bailey / " then he cried. 44 Your face looks white and mealy I "" Dear Captain Smith the ghost replied, 44you've used me ungenteelly ".The crowner's quest goes hard with me because Pve acted frailly,And Parson Biggs wont bury me, though lam dead Miss Bailey ".Oh, Miss Bailey / unfortunate Miss Bailey IIV.44 Dear corpse says he, 44 since you and I accounts must once for all close,Pve got a one-pound note in my regimental small-clothes ;44 Twill bribe the sexton for your grave ". The ghost then vanished gaily,Crying, 44Bless you, wicked Captain Smith / remember poor Miss Bailey ".Oh, Miss Bailey I unfortunate Miss Bailey 1 CHI S A . . . . M. Balieff told a newspaper corres- pondant that when the music for the ToySoldier fun began he now was obliged tostop his ears as it sent him crazy, $0 oftenhad he heard it. BALIEFF voices the unuttered cry ofthe popular singer of all ages,—PoorMalibran—poor Yvette Guilbert. You have to go round from city tocity, whether you want to or no. Tostop would be fatal, perhaps—lo sa.The good Malibran arrives in Mi- lano, with her husband M. de Beriot inattendance, or comes to London—has tosing 44 La Sonnambula gets, it is true,some £ 250 for singing it one evening44 payable on the morning of the perfor- mance ". But she was most conscien- cious- always avoiding when possible dis- appointing her audience,—and travellingaround from city to city singing 44 La Sonnambula 99 or another of her roles,arriving tired, beginning to wear a lookof determination as she sits 011 her boxesin the Hotel porch—for the old habit offussing over details best left to her suite(and it consists generally of M. de Be- riot) still rules in her.Why does she go on?-for money?presumably. What she does not do isto sing new songs, undertake new roles,—why should she ? Yet she hates theold ones that she has to repeat andrepeat.Even as M. Balieff puts cotton woolin his ears when the terribly popular44 soldier " tune begins, so would Mali- bran-so would every singer who is anartist.Then tell me why the more popularones go on and on and on singing theirsame old repertoire. Is it the fault ofM. de Beriot?—the helpful impresario?Rare is it to find a singer who asshe tires does not become careless. Ma- dame Yvette Guilbert is particularly care- ful—and she must often feel tired ofthe same songs.It is not a question whether a songbe good, for one can tire of the verybest—if one goes over it too often.... itcan become laboured.—too excellent forso slight a thing.What puzzles me is the inability ofthe singer to escape.I would not have her 44 wreck hercareer " as the silly phrase has it, but 1would have her always essaying newpaths and thus careering.44 That would wreck her career19replies her impresario—and so there'san end of it.But what a comment on the artistif it be true.Whether true or false I will hotdiscuss—an impresario is supposed toknow. But still what a comment on theartist, coming, as it does, from the oneperson supposed to know.Why it would wreck her career isnot quite evident either; if it mean any- thing it means that the artist could notperfect a new programme every sixmonths—though it also means that herpublic will only come to hear the oldsongs.Chi sa?... evidently Monsieur l'im- presario. ADELPHI OR WHITEHALL COURT"THE MODESTY OF G. B. S. 99 MR. Bernard Shaw really is inimi- table when being interviewed -inhis genuine journalistic mood ; no onedoes it better and so no one keeps moremodern: he is the freshest of themall.44 The Modesty of G. B. S. " was thehead line ; 44 Who cares where I live "the sub-head line in the Daily Mail.And he began; "I would adviseyou to forget about me. I do not be- lieve that one 50th per cent of the peo- ple in this country are sufficiently inte- rested in me to care where I stay orwhether I leave Adelphi or notWhat is one 50th per cent of theEnglish people ? The whole populationof England (and we are not countingWales) is given by Whitaker's almanackfor 1927 as 35, 678, 530 for the Englishcounties. One 50th per cent of them totsup to some odd 7135 persons.44 I do not believe that 7135 persons of England are sufficiently interested inme to care where I stay or whether Ileave Adelphi or not " is a splendidflourish for seventy-one and Mr. Shawpretends to be past seventy.Then he adds a little pathos to showthat he can put on that as well as allelse:—No, I have got to the stagewhen I don't care where I go. I do notmind going to Whitehall Court at all ".44 Do not mind " is delightful—be- cause in reality G. B. S. is simply lon- ging to go to Whitehall Court or any- where out of the old Adelphi Terrace.He knows how refreshing it is tomake a change, but he knows that hispublic expects him to be pathetic—so hesighs, shrugs his shoulders sadly —gazesacross the Thames -and says 44 I do notcare.,.. I do not mindThere is no one who can say thesethings like G. B. S.Qf course he does not mind—he isone of the most courageous figures inthe world even if one of the worst ofdramatists.His is a spirit of great strength and frail he is not in body.... and inmind more agile than any one in Lon- don today.A little bit of a teaze perhaps, forto go to live next door to St. John Er- vine in order to show a young man howmuch livelier an old one is, is ratherdastardly.But then he goes into that neigh- bourhood so as to have a rare old gos- sip, to spread the good word, the latestnews,—tor Shaw has that fault, andbadly.What a little one after all, '...1 meanconsidering how much harm it can do.Yes, he is quite chummy with the shadesof Caroline Lamb and Miss Milbanke.But he thinks clearly; 44 What non- sense " he says when the polite inter- viewer suggests that Adelphi and Shaware synonymous, meaning that Adelphiand the Brothers Adam are synonymous,and that even the names Garrick andthe Savage Club cannot be linked with thename of the Adelphi. Garrick we link withDrury Lane, nothing less; and Shaw'sname will be linked with that of theEuropean Dramatists of the first part ofthe 20th century. AT THE OPERA: MAY 1927. O. m. G I can hear them what is it makesthem seem to doubt it ? My neigh- bours too,—all of us can hear them. Yetthey are barking on and on like dogs,....and they first-class operatic singers :and it is understood that they are paid todo this.They are singing 44 Pagliacci " and41 Cavalleria RusticanaI remember hearing •• II MatrimonioSegreto " in Venice at the Teatro Fe- nice. They buzzed a little as smallbees do, but there was none of thatdoggish noise which offends me tonight,—why do they keep it up ? why don'tthey sing, or, failing that, speak quietly ;or strike and refuse to sing music which sounds like noise. EPIROTES AT PLAY.THE FREAKISH FUN OFSOME LONDON CRITICS. WE halted at the khan of Episkopiyclose to a little stream full of ca- pital water cresses which I began to ga- ther and eat with some bread and cheese,an act which provoked the Epirote by- standers of the village to ecstatic laughterand curiosity. Every portion I put intomy mouth, delighted them as a mostcharming exhibition of foreign whim ;and the more juvenile spectators instantlycommenced bringing me all sorts offunny objects, with an earnest 7-equestthat 1 would amuse them by feeding there- upon forthwith. One brought a thistle,a second a collection of sticks and wood(a third some grass; a fourth presentedme with a fat grasshopper the zvholescene was acted amid shouts of laughter,in which I joined as loudly as any. Weparted amazingly good friends, and thewits of Episkopi will long remember theFrank who fed on weeds out of thewater.(u Journals of a Landscape Painterin Albania " by Edward Lear. 1851.London. ry*HE London Dramatic Critics of 1927JL must be some of the Epirotes fromthat village. Even a most extraordi- nary happening, if foreign to their pro- vince strikes them as odd. They gulfawat once.And when we read their reviews ofThe Mask or of other modern Theatri- cals in the Daily and Weekly papers,we too do as Edward Lear did withthe Epirotes, we join in as .loudlyas any.It has taken some of them years tobring themselves to review this journalof ours, acknowledged now as the besttheatrical journal in the world, and whichhas been sent regularly to them.The same courtesy (of a complimen- tary copy) has not as a rule been extendedto us.And now fhe 44 Saturday Review "has done it at last.The young man who was entrustedwith the job does not seem from whatwe can gather to be at all fond ofwork, for he supposes that we in Flo- rence are of the dolce far niente order :that we 101 l and yawn and do as littlework as possible.His kind words simply breathe envyfor our ability to 44 bask by Arno " as heputs it.He calls us 44 Florentine exquisitesof the sniffing cultWe are not so sure that on firstreading his review we quite liked that.For a moment we feared it was unkindlymeant—that it even meant mischief: itsmelt to us like the words of a paid as- sassin who knows he is about to misshis blow.But in a moment the nasty suspicionhad fled and we saw that it was justfreakish boyish fun,—-an Epirote's senseof humour....Yes, he too is like those raggamuf- fins who made old Edward Lear laughwhen he was young. Had Lear beenolder perhaps the fun would not havestruck him so immediately.This Saturday writer doesn't ap- prove of us in Italy—and he is almostwhat can be called 44 down on " Mr.Craig, for wasfing his time 1 1 ! Mr. Craigwho, as every one who knows himknows, is a pretty hard worker, is takento task by the man who is Saturday and who says he would like to transport him44 forcibly " to England and set him toproduce plays in i( an ill-equipped hallnext door to a kinema in a manufactorytown .with an underpaid, overworkedcompany and not a penny to spendon new equipment of building or ofbody ".That certainly is young, and that isno fault: but the gentleman might reada bit more, and study a little harder.Doubtless he potters around so as topickup 4 4 information " but that's notstudying.It would be better if he were te read44 The Mask" carefully. But even thenhe might not discover that before he wasten years old Mr. Craig was producingin ili-equipt halls, in tumble-down thea- tres, without a penny of capital. Un- derpaid he was not—for he was not paidat all; nor overworked, for no one hasyet heard him complain of too muchwork.The 44 Saturday " writer in shorthas been misinformed and has not trou- bled to inform himself. London is packedfull of these not-quite-well informed in- formers.But after all no more so than Pa- ris ; a lot of idlers or semi-idlers playthe informers. Mr. and Mrs Gossip area legion.A short while ago the informationwas that the easy-going idler GordonCraig receives £ 500 income regularlyfrom some family source. That it is ut- terly untrue does not matter to the in- formers. The weary journalist is butone of the listeners who are gulled. Whatsurer sign that journalists are tired out:and really sick of what was for longconsidered a distinguished branch of li- terature ?The information about Craig's regu- lar supplies came from a certain gangof women and was spread around untilno less a person than the sage of theAdelphi snapped it up and passed thenews along. Informing is such a de- light There are so many sages livingin the Adelphi so there we lose the trail.But who'd have thought it of one ofthem. A WORD OF THANKS. J. S. THE Plate showing a production of"Romeo and Juliet" in Bombay isreproduced by courteous permission ofthe Shakespeare Association and the Oxford University Press.