Secession 8 1924 naay_1924_02 Secession The testament of a stone: Notes on the Mechanics of the Poetic Image 8 Untitled Image Illustration 1 CONTENTS 2 FOREWORD. 2-6 SECTION I. Definition of Observation, Perception, Image, and anti-Image. 6-8 SECTION II. Types of Perception. 8-9 SECTION III. Types of the Image and anti-Image. 9-18 SECTION IV. Upon the Nature of Words and Their Use. 18-19 SECTION V. Upon the Construction of the Poem, with Relation to the Image. Ivor Winters cre 19-21 Untitled Image Illustration 22 THE TESTAMENT OF A STONEBEINGNOTES ON THE MECHANICS OF THE POETIC IMAGE CONTENTS Foreword iSection I. ........ cDefinition of Observation, Perception, Image, and anti-Image.Section 11. ..... ..... 7Types of Perception.Section 111. ......... 8Types of the Image and anti-Image.Section IV. . . . . . . 17Upon the Nature of Words and their Use.Section V. ....... ... 18Upon the Construction of the Poem, with Relation to the Image. FOREWORD. These notes presuppose a knowledge of Fenollosa's The Chinese Written Character, alarge part of T. S. Eliot s The Sacred Wood, and scattered paragraphs from Pound, Lewis, Croce,and the Hindus.I reserve the right to add to or alter these notes later in case of any second publication.It is possible that they are not complete (the last section is obviously incomplete, as my interest init is temporarily secondary), but ihey are an attempt to incite the beginnings of a scientific criti- cism of poetry, which up to dale we do not have, except in a few scattered fragments.The poet himself will be more sensitive to, or more movedby, some material than other material, will perceive it more com- pletely, and so will write his best poems when dealing with it.Speculation upon the sensitivity of the individual poet and itspossible modification by his environment is of some psycholo- gical interest and perhaps more ((human interest)), but it haslittle to do with the art of poetry. The degree of fusion of theparts of a poem will depend upon the degree of fusion of the poetwith his material, and that, to be sure, is the result of the nature of his sensitivity and his environment. But one is usually — andtheoretically — forced by circumstances to approach the poet andhis environment — if one so desires — through his poems, andnot the other way round. Supposing one to be possessed of someintelligence, it is possible, after a reasonable amount of study, todecide whether a poem represent a perfect fusion of perceptionsor not, and supposing one to have some education, it is possible,after similar study, to decide whether the poem be original or me- rely a restatement of the perceptions of others. As different poetsare moved equally by different types of material, finished poems,composed of different types of material, may be equally intense;thus indicating that the material is of no importance to the critic,who is dealing with poems; but only to the poet, who is dealingwith material, and that is his own affair.The cause of a perfectly fused poem is the fusion of the poet sconsciousness with an object or a group of objects of whatever na- ture. The means by which this fusion is achieved is the poet s((technique)). In the mature poet, the technique is the medium offusion; and the ratio of what the poet sees or feels to what hegets down is in direct proportion to the perfection of his techni- que. Why one poet is moved by this and another by that, it isimpossible to say. It is possible only to remark the fact. But tech- nique can be analysed, and analysed minutely; and this analysismay be of value to other poets in perfecting and extending therange of their perceptions, and it may be of value to critics, privateand public, insofar as it may make them more acutely aware oftheir poets' achievements.A poem is a state of perfection at which a poet has arrivedby whatever means. It is a stasis in a world of flux and indecision,a permanent gateway to waking oblivion, which is the only in- finity and the only rest. It has no responsibilities except to itselfand its own perfection — neither to the man who may come to itwith imperfect understanding nor to the mood from which it mayoriginally have sprung. It is not a means to any end, but is initself an end, and it, or one of the other embodiments of beauty,is the only end possible to the man of intellect.The artist whose deity is art, has a religion as valid and ascapable of producing great art as any religion of the past or as the recently defined religion of money. As a conscious and intel- ligent being, no other religion will be possible for him, and hecannot, because of his religion, be called a decadent, an heretic.Driven into a corner of which we are unaware, we pursue ourends. For in infinity, those who withdraw in terror are those whodrive us off with bitterness, and at the same instant, in the samethought and gesture. Yet equanimity is all we seek.A poem is the result of a poet moving in a millieu. A poetis born into a certain intellectual and physical milieu, and thismilieu may, to some extent, form the poet. But the poet will alsobe born with certain peculiar and unchangeable qualities, andthese will, in the course of time, modify the milieu with respectto the particular poet. If the poet be of a very plastic nature, hemay be greatly changed by his milieu. If he be of a more or lessimmobile nature, he will absorb into his own mind, and, in theprocess of obsorption, change as becomes necessary, such part ofhis milieu as is to some extent forced upon him.A poet's technique is a portion of the milieu into which heis born (tradition) modified by his peculiar qualities to serve theirneeds.The milieu of any place and time is a relatively constantfactor. The peculiar qualities of individual poets are infinitely va- riable. The resulting milieu of the individual poet is thereforeinfinitely variable. So it is infantile to say that a poet (( does notinterpret his time », to demand that he write in any specified man- ner. It is infantile to say that he can do this or that only with thisor that technique. The individual can only say truly, « I can dothis or that only with this or that technique». And even thenhe cannot be too sure.So that the poem can be judged, not in relation to any timeor place, nor to any mode of thought, but to itself alone, and as apart of literature; for it is not a means, but an end. The mindthat can judge a poem accurately is very rare — even more rarethan the mind that can create a poem. For this act of weighingrequires a mind infinitely balanced, infinitely sensitive, and infi- nitely familiar with all the technical phases of the medium. Sucha mind is, with one exception in a thousand, the mind of themaster poet.The intellectual poet is often accused of obscurity, merelybecause his reader is unfamiliar with the milieu in which hemoves. If we imagine a poet writing in our own language buton a remote planet, whose vegetation and population, whose en- tire physical aspect, are different from anything we know, and ex- pressing himself largely in terms of the physical, we cannot ima- gine ourselves receiving from his poems more than a very blurredimpression. So is the poet moving in a world that is largely com- posed of thought and otherwise greatly modified by thought, tothe reader unacquainted with the philosophies.The poet moving in a world that is largely thought, so longas he regard it curiously and as a world, perceives a grassblade.These specific things are the material of the image, of art. Whenhe loses his sense of the infinite nature of his world and organizesit into a knowable and applicable principle, he loses sight of theparticulars themselves and sees their relationships to each otherand his newly-created whole ; and so becomes a philosopher; forit is only in the infinite that the particular can be detected as acomplete and uncoordinated whole; but he may still have oc- casional perceptions, and at times revert to the poet. When hebecomes more interested in the application of his principle, in itspossible effects, than in the principle itself, he becomes a preacherand is lost; for now he not only thinks in generalities instead ofin perceptions, but he attempts to save a humanity that he cannotpossibly understand by fitting it into a mutilated fragment of aninfinity whose nature he once felt, but could never understand,and has now forgotten.The poet, in creating, must lose himself in his object. If hebecomes more interested in himself observing than in his object,and still continues to write about his object rather than himselfobserving, he will create a mannerism but no image. It is fromthis weakness that the various familiar pretty and paternal man- nerisms arise. Such a mannerism may be held down to the pointof producing poetry of whatever degree of impurity, or it may not. The poet who is preoccupied with his object desires a speechwithout idiom and a style without mannerism, that the clarity ofhis perception may not be clouded by inessentials. In any abso- lute sense, both are impossible, but both can be closely approxi- mated.Perhaps it is true that the poet, moving through his world,reaches, for chemical or other reasons, a point of spiritual in- tensity, and that those objects that fall under his eye or his mind'seye at this point are transformed into something simpler andgreater than actuality, withor without his consciousness of anysequence save the actual sequence of their appearance; that thereproduction of this simplification in words will reproduce in thereader the original emotion or point of intensity. Perhaps it istrue that the poet, moving throught his world, becomes aware ofbeautiful existences, and being moved by them to a sufficient pointof intensity, is able to reproduce them in words with sufficient ac- curacy to create in his reader the emotion which they created inhim. Or perhaps, and this is probably nearer to the truth, he issufficiently moved by certain beautiful existences, to be able tocreate other beautiful existences ; and this approaches T. S. Eliot'sanalogy of the catalyst, and his ((significant emotion)), which isprobably the only sound statement of the creative process thatwe have.All functions of man save the creation of art and pure thoughtend to complicate his physical life without simplifying his mlentallife. The sciences, as abstractions, might have the same valueas art. Indescriminately applied, they have wrecked the world. SECTION I. Definition of Observation, Perception, Image, and anti-Image. It has been said that art is an elimination of the superfluous,but this statement is capable of several interpretations. It is cer- tain, however, that the poetic image is an elimination of the su- perfluous in a definite and fundamental sense. Everyone of wha- tever degree of intelligence, walking about the world, sees certain things : trees growing, their leaves and branches moving in thewind; bees flying across fields; men and women working in thefields or walking in the streets or moved by various passions andemotions. These sights and others of a similar nature may becalled observation. If I say : « I saw a man walking », or : « 1 sawnight come », it will convey no sharp or lasting impression to thebrain of the listener. It is a general statement, which is a vaguestatement, like a mist without form, a block of unhewn granite,a chaos.But there are persons who see those things which differen- tiate one observation from another : they see the outline in themist. The vision of this outline may be called perception. Andthere are yet other persons, fewer in number and of finer vision,who can take the outline from the mist and make it stand alone.This is done, in poetry, by seeing and placing in juxtaposition twoor more observations that have one quality in common : that is,each of these observations will be differentiated from other obser- vations of its class by the same perception; and when these obser- vations are placed together they will fuse at the point where theyare the same, or, to be more exact, they will be the same at onepoint. These two perceptions, coming together with an almostinfinite speed across the mental distances that naturally lie bet- ween two separate obserbations (such as a man walking and theccmmg of night) cause a kind of mental vibration that is known asaesthetic emotion. Or, to state it in another fashion, this fusion,cr sameness at one point in two observations, reinforces that point,and makes it stand out as clearly above the vaguenesses of thetwo observations as those two observations stand out above a stateof no-observation or unconsciousness. And perhaps these two sta- tements of the phenomenon are not incompatible. This phenome- non may be called an image. The image, in the case of the twoobservations used as examples, is :At one stride comes the darli.The quotation may help to clear the ground.The image, so defined, being a fusion of sense-perceptions,presents the emotion : that is, the emotion is seen in the concreteand acts directly, without the aid of thought, just as the sightof a tree registers directly, without the aid of thought. But it is possible in thinking of observations, to find intellectual correla- tions that are not evident to the simple senses, but that maytransmit an aesthetic emotion, not directly, as in the case of senseperceptions, but through the intellect. Here the emotion is trans- mitted by intercomment, rather than by fusion. This phenomenonmay be called the anti-image, as the sense-impressions of theobservations do not here fuse at any point. It will be noted thatthe anti-image, where a physical fusion is not intended, is dif- ferent from an attempted image, or fusion of sense-perceptionsthat is not successful.As the image and anti-image make a sharp and lasting im- pression on the brain, and as the simple observation does not,the image and anti-image stay, and the observations disappear;and this is the process of elimination that was alluded to above.It is that quality in an observation of the approach of night thatis different from any other observation of the approach of night,that gives such an observation a life of its own. And it is thisdifferentiating, or unique, quality in any observation, that, whenpresented permanently, by means of an image or anti-image, isknown as beauty.The terms, observation, perception, and image, may havebeen used at various times with meanings slightly different fromthose I have given them ; but I have applied them to certain phe- nomena, defined as clearly as I can define them, for lack of betterterms. The phenomena seem to me sufficiently distinguishablefrom one another. It may be argued that a perception, as I havedefined it, does not really exist until it becomes an image; butthis possibility can be taken into consideration without disturbingthe trend of my discussion. The anti-image is the only pure lo- gopeia ; but as the term logopeia has been applied in ways thatdo not seem to me accurate, I shall not here use it. SECTION II. Types of Perception. Perceptions may be divided into two general types : thoseperceptions which are expressed in the sound of words, and thoseperceptions which are expressed in the meaning of words.The first of these types will be referred to in this essay as sound-perceptions. Sound perceptions possess two qualities : toneand rhythm. The first of these is the quality of individual vowelor consonant or syllabic sounds. The second is the rate and va- riation of movement from tone to tone. It will be seen that toneand rhythm are inseparable, but occasionally one or the otherseems to predominate. This results from a perfect or nearly perfectfusion of the predominant sound quality with the meaning of thewords, and an imperfect fusion of the other sound quality. Insofaras this is true of any poem, that poem will be imperfect.Perfections which are expressed in the meaning of wordsmay be called meaning-perceptions. They fall roughly into twoclasses : perceptions of concrete facts of which one becomes awarethrough the simple senses, and which may be called sense-percep- tions; and perceptions of abstract facts or qualities — that is, offacts or qualities which are imperceptible to the unaided senses —of which one becomes aware through thinking about a concreteor abstract fact, and which may be called thought-perceptions. SECTION III. Types of the Image and anti-Image. 1. There is the simple physical movement, not «caught» inany fusion of the meaning of words, but rather in a fusion of thesound of words and a simple statement of the movement — inthe fusion of the sound perception and a simple meaning percep- tion. The movement has no necessary connotations as a move- ment : that is, it is not a movement one thinks of as having anyrelationship to sorrow, joy, or ecstasy. But any unemotional phys- ical movement, stated cleanly and in psychological order, in arhythm that fuses with that movement, may become a profoundimage. By fusing with the movement, 1 do not mean that therhythm should imitate with its own movement the physical mo- vement that it contains, bu* rather that it should purify that mo- vement as it appears in actual physical life, giving it a regularity or at least organized variation of beat, and usually greatly acce- lerating it; so that the movement takes on something of the nature of a dance movement, but again is much purer and swifterthan even a dance movement, by nature of its limitations, can be.From this last it may be seen that a movement that has beenpurified and formalized to a certain extent in actual life, such asa dance or religious procession, and which has, therefore, a certainemotional connotation in itself, can be further formalized, purified,in a poem, so that it takes on a new significance — even if thatnew significance be only a variation upon the purification alreadyeffected in the dance or religious procession. There are also mo- vements in actual life that are expressions or semi-expression ofemotion, such as joy, sorrow, etc., and these may, as well asother movements, be given form simply by a rhythm ; but thedanger here lies in the temptation offered to the weak, at least,to be content with a lax rhythm and to trust to the connotationsof the movement to &lt;( put hover » the emotion ; which is akin tothe use of an inherited symbolism or any other sentimentality.The pure form of this type of image, that is, the physical move- ment without connotations, animated merely by a rhythm, is aptto produce the cleanest beauty. The last-named form of the imageseems to me the least desirable, as it cannot possibly be freed fromat least a taint of sentimentality, though this taint, in certain casesand if handled by a master, may have a value.We may, for lack of a shorter name, call the type of imagediscussed in the last paragraph, the simple physical movementfused with a rhythm. This image seems to occur most often inrhymed poems that move to a fixed metre. There seems to be acumulative effect, sometimes, in the still-echoing rhythm of se- veral preceding stanzas. The same cumulative effect may comein poems whose metre varies as much as or less than, say, thatof the Ancient Mariner. It would, I should think, be difficult toproduce this cumulative effect in a meter not having a largeamount of repetition; and certainly the reinforcement of rhymeis an aid; but the use of the simple physical movement fused witha rhythm does not depend upon cumulative rhythm. Cumulativerhythm is merely a possible modification, or, sometimes, intensi- fication.Two of the finest examples of this image that I know —examples of the physical movement without, in itself, any emo- tional connotations — are in the openin of T. Gautier's Les Affresde la Mort:O toi qui passes par ce cloitre,Songe a la mort! — Tun est pas surDe Voir s'allonger et decroitre,Une autre jois, ton ombre au mur.brere, peut-etre cette dalleQu'aujourd'hui, sans songer aux morts,Tu soufflettes de ta sandale,Demain pesera sur ton corps !The physical movement here is in the first, third, and fourthlines of the first stanza, and in the third line of the second stanza.These lines are slightly modified from without by the « Songe ala mort! », but the modification is slight and not such as to cloudtheir value as examples. Another example of this type of imagein one of its less pure forms is to be found in the latter half ofGerard Hopkins' The Habit of Perfection:O feel-of-primrose hands, O feetThat want the yield of plushy sward,But you shall wal\ the golden street,And you unhouse and house the Lord.The last two lines show the purification in verse of a move- ment that has already been purified in life as a religious symbol.H. D. has achieved in free verse animations of physical move- ments that have no emotional connotations :/ saw the first pearas it fell —the honey-seeding, golden-banded,the yellow swarmwas not more fleet than I,(spare us from loveliness)and I fell prostratecrying:... The movement of the first two lines has in itself no emo- tional connotation whatever, the movement of the next three lineshas infinitely little, and the movement of the seventh and eigthIms have a very definite one. All three are handled successfullyand have their place in the poem.The simple physical movement fused with a rhythm is thecommonest variation of the simple physical fact fused with arhythm, which may or may not have movement. This imageneed not be visual. 1 .a. The statement of simple thought, or the statement ofa simple physical fact, punctuated or commented upon by arhythm, is the simplest form of what Pound has roughly classedas logopeia, and of what I have called the anti-image. A rhythmthat has traditional associations, or innate (i.e., more remoteor not immediately obviously traditional) associations, or one thathas acquired associations in the given poem, by previous fusion,may comment upon its meaning-content either by contrast oraugmentation. It will be seen that each type of image has itsconverse, or anti-image, and this first type of anti-image is theconverse of the simple physical fact fused with a rhythm. La- forgue achieves this anti-image by putting a ridiculous fact intoa traditionally plaintive metre, or by putting a sentimental or tragicfact into a ridiculous metre, or by various shadings between thesetwo extremes. The result is one phase of his rather mournfulsatire :Allez, sterile ritournelles,La vie est Vraie et criminelle. 2. The second type of image is the complex physical factfused with a rhythm. This is the same as the first type of image,except that here the fusion is between two or more sense-percep- tions and one sound-perception. The line quoted in Section I ofthese notes belonged to this type of image, and also the third,fourth, and fifth lines of the quotation from H. D. (if taken as aunit). There are various devices for constructing an image of thissort, some of which I shall describe, that the image, when comeupon, may be the more easily recognized.First: The direct comparison of sense-perceptions, as in theso-called metaphor and simile. The line quoted in Section I is ofthis nature.Second : The putting of two sense-perceptions in sequence,so that while they have no direct or grammatically indicated con- nection with each other, each reflects upon the other because ofthe quality they have in common :So wore night; the East was gray;White the broadfaced hemlock flowers—Movements may be similarly put into sequence :And Neptune made for thee a spumy tent,And Pan made sing for thee his forest hive,Here the first line is a fusion two sense-perceptions with onesound-perception, and the movement of the sound-perception,carrying with it an echo of the «spumy tent», holds over anddies into the movement of the humming bees.Third : An adjective, being a generalization taken from aseries of more or less related observations, may, if appleid to amore or less remote observation, effect a fusion. This is the «trans- ferred epithet » of rethoric :the parakeet —trivial and humdrum on examination Fourth : It is perhaps not amiss to mention a certain fallacyfairly common to a large number of secondrate but occasionallygood poets when they attempt to use this image. That fallacy isan attempt to give existence in that which we perceive as spaceto a perception that has no such existence, and to fuse this per- ception with that side of a second perception which actually existsin space. Or, to speak more concretely, to fuse, in the meaningof words, a perception of sound and some visual perception, usually color. Now it seems that certain persons do sense a re- lationship between colors and sounds, but it is also certain thatmany of the persons who do so, disagree among themselves asto the details of this relationship. And even if it were possibleto find an absolute ration, mathematical or perceptive, betweensound waves, which move slowly through the air, and the hypo- thetical (and doubtful) light waves which move with terrific rapi- dity through an imponderable substance known as ether, it wouldnot necessarily follow that related emotions would be producedby related waves, for these waves are perceived through entirelydifferent organs, and the organs of perception are obviously factorsof the emotion. Furthermore, as I have already inferred, soundas We perceive it, has no existence in space, but only in time, orwhat we perceive as time; for it is only that which is seen thatcan be said to fill space, which is a purely visual concept. Butthe visual, if it have existence in space, has also existence in time,and this existence is more evident if the visual perception havemotion, which is a relation between space and time, and stillmore evident if that motion have rhythm, which is time consciouslybroken up and organized with respect to those existences and theirintervals that it contains. Now sound, having existence in time,can also have rhythm. So it follows that whereas the auditory andthe visual will have no common ground in that which we know asspace, they will have a common ground in that which we knowas time, and that common ground is rhythm — the actual rhythmof the thing perceived, and not the rhythm of the words contain- ing the thing. Now if an auditory and a visual rhythm be statedin the meaning of words, a fusion may be possible :And li\e a giant harp that humsOn always, and is always blendingThe coming of what never comesWith what has past and had an ending,The City trembles, throbs, and poundsOutside, and through a thousand soundsThe small intolerable drumsOf Time are li\e slow drops descending.Here the rhythm of the sound of the « drums of Time » andthe rhythm of the motion of the drops fuse. It must be recollected that in speaking of the rhythm of asound, or rather of sounds, in this connection, 1 do not refer tothe rhythm of sound waves, which belong to science and not tounaided human perception; but I refer to the rhythm or rate ofmovement from sound to sound, as those sounds actually strike,or may be imagined to strike, the ear. And similarly, I refer toactual visual perception of rhythm and not to the rhythm oflight waves, which is imperceptible, as such, to the eye. 2.a. The anti-image corresponding to the complex physical factfused with a rhythm is of four possible sorts. In the first sort,that of two thought-perceptions and one sound perception, a fu- sion of the thought-perceptions is possible, as they are of thesame substance. But these thought perceptions, having no phy- sical existence, cannot fuse, but can only comment upon eachother through the mind. The only example of this variation uponthe second anti-image that I can find at present is in a poem ofmy own :We perish, weWho die in art,With that surpriseOf one who speaksTo us, and knowsWherein he lies.The second variation upon this anti-image is composed ofone sense-perception, one thought-perception, and one sound- perception intercommenting :Streets that follow li\e a tedious argumentOf insidious intent,To lead you to an overwhelming question.The third variation is of two sense-perceptions which mayor may not fuse, and one sound-perception that comments. Thefourth variation is composed of two remotely separate facts, atleast one of which must be physical and which fuses with the rhythm and takes on an image existence of its own, as in the caseof the simple physical fact fused with a rhythm. The unfusedfact comments. This is som,!stimes known as the conceit. Anexample of the conceit is Donne's comparison of two souls to apair of compasses, toward the end of the Valediction ForbiddingMourning. 3. There is a third type of image that seems to fall about half- way between the first and second types that I have defined.This image is composed of two physical facts, each fused withthe sound, and, while neither fused with each other nor com- menting upon each other, altering and defining each other's valuequite definitely, simply by the juxtaposition of their physical qua- lities or by the action of the one upon the other :The maidens tasteAnd stray impassioned in the littering leaves.The straying maidens and the littering leaves are here thephysical facts. They have no point in common, as had the walkingman and the approaching night of the first example, but theydo fuse into a single movement, a single image, of which thesound of the whole is a part. And by that fusion, each is sharplylimited, separated from the general. 3.a. The corresponding anti-image is of two thought-perceptionsplaced together, and the one acting upon the other, to suchan extent as to effect the defining of both, without any attemptat fusion or intercomment at one point :the future of time is determined by the power of volition. 4. A perception — almost invariably a sense-perception — thathas acquired, by long association or by personal associationor by personal association for whatever period of time, an emo- tional overtone or symbolic value, may be used in a poem, solong as it be given in the poem a new existence as image or anti- image. If the fusion or intercomment necessary to this existencebe not achieved, the symbolic value of the perception is useless asthe perception is without life. If, however, the perception be giventhis existence, the symbolism may augment the emotion of theimage considerably, and the emotion resulting from the symbolismcan scarcely be separated in the mind from the emotion resultingfrom the image. The symbolical overtone is more or less analagousto what is known in painting as ((literary)) beauty.There are symbols in literature whose symbolic value is evi- dent, and there are those whose symbolic value is only in pareevident, and still others the mere existence of whose symbolicvalue is only implied. Glenway Wescott once wrote in a letter:&lt;(the legitimate field of movement clearly seen, intention un- known ».Symbolism is commonly thought of as something vaguelymetaphysical, but it need not be. Any fact or object which sumsup or evokes any set of conditions or emotions, whatever theirnature, is to some extent a symbol. Thus T. S. Eliot s Sweeny issymbolic of a certain type of ugliness, Rachel nee Rabinovitchand the rest are symbolic of certain smaller divisions of thatugliness. Mr. Eliot gives movements to these figures that are veryoften of a quite impersonal nature — that is, they are movementsthat are in no wise connected with their ugliness or are presentedwith a curious detachment from their ugliness; and these mo- vements are usually of supreme sinuosity and beauty. So that,by placing these symbols of ugliness in contrast to the impersonalbeauty of the movements of their flesh, he achieves at a singlestroke the functions of the image and the anti-image — some- thing that hovers between satire and agony.The symbol must not be confused with the physical move- ment having emotional connotations, or expressing emotion ; for the latter is concerned with specific instonces only, while theformer is expressive of a concept or whole field of emotion, suchas ugliness, decay, or whatnot. And yet the symbol expressesthis emotion not by stating the concept, but by evoking it or re- minging one of it, through some quality of its own (the symbol's)limited and specific nature. SECTION IV. Upon the Nature of Words and Their Use. It was assumed in the second section of these notes thatwords had two qualities : sound and meaning; and insofar as weare able to trust our sense, this assumption is justified. That a fewwords (such as articles) partake, in their meaning, more of thenature of a gesture or an indication than of a fact, does not alterthe general truth of the assumption. In some words one will findthat the sound of the word, and the thing for which that wordstands, are perfectly fused, and constitute an image in themselves.Such words are the nouns, leaves, dresses, dust, breath. Theword, drum, if not quite so perfect a fusion, is very nearly so;and after noting the sound and meaning qualities of this word,ccnsider the word, dumb, the sound of which is nearly identicalwith that of drum, and the meaning of which, insofar as it is aword of silence, is the opposite. Here the sound and meaning aredefinitely not fused, and a problem is presented to the writer. Thethere are words that represent abstractions, whose meanings haveno relationship to anything physical, and so can have no aestheticnecessity — that is, if the sound of any word can be proven to beother than accidental. Such a word is, for instance, hypocritic.Now consider these lines :Daughters of Time, the hypocritic days,Muffled and dumb like barefoot dervishes,And marching single in an endless file,Bring diadems and fagots in their hands.Dumb, whose meaning is opposed to its sound, fuses itssound with the two sense-perceptions, muffled and barefoot, andextends and intensifies these perceptions. The sound of hypocritic, an abstract word, presentes the short, bony, half-dance steps ofthe muffled dervishes. Diadems, a heavy-sounding word thatstands for a bright object, fuses its sound with the muffled move- ment; and fagots, fairly well fused in itself, also contributes tothe movement. SECTION V. Upon the Construction of the Poem, with Relation to the Image. Ivor Winters. It is assumed that the parts of any poem have some reasonfor being placed in sequence. Otherwise they had better be leftas separate poems.In some poems, especially in narrative poems, one sometimesfinds passages that, without great emotional value in themselves,serve to carry the action or thought from one image to another,and in this function may be necessary :And a good south wind sprung up behind;The Albatross did follow,And every day, for food or play,Came to the mariners' hollo.The sound here does not fuse with the physical facts, nor isthere any fusion between physical nor can there be said tobe any intercomment of perceptions. But this purely narrativepassage has been made as concise as possible, and, being short,the rhythm, being the rhythm of the preceding stanzas which aresuccessful images, carries something of an echo over into whatwould be an otherwise flat stanza. Often the first type of imagewill carry a narrative passage, or one of the types of anti-imagea thought passage. Sometimes one of these purely narrative pass- ages will come very close to being an image or anti-image.Often a poem or a passage of a poem is made up of imagesthat are closely related, or are sub-parts of a larger image, so thatthe poem or passage closely resembles an extended example ofthe second variation upon the second type of image. Sometimes a definite emotion is produced by a sudden changeof direction (in images of motion) from one image to the next.Note the last line of the first chorus in Swinburne's Atalanta. Thedeparting image produces an effect of a somewhat centripetalnature.Images of contrasting symbolic values may be so placedtogether that intercomment is achieved. T. S. Eliot has donethis in Sweeney among the Nightingales and elsewhere.One image of any type may act upon and limit anotherimage, as one part of the third type of image acts upon andlimits the other part.Many poets have entirely omitted any intellectual sequencefrom one image to the next, depending upon an emotional unity,and there is nothing to be said against this. Other poets haveatempted to carry the method even further, omitting all intellectual(syntactical) sequence within the image, or trying to, attemptingto create aesthetic relationships from broken words and phrases.This is interesting, and may some day succeed. The difficulty withmost of these experimenters up to date, however, is that, havingcast out all other thought from their minds, they cannot cast outthe cliches, the very old sentimentalities, which seem to be sodeeply rooted as to be almost mental reflexes. Their poems be- come, then, desperate efforts to conceal these cliches under abroken exterior, which is evading the question.Poetry of this nature is often compared to abstract paintingor sculpture, and praised for this reason and for few others. Andyet, if we reduce literature to complete abstraction — that is,sound without meaning — we no longer have literature, butmusic, and we must either adopt the notation of music or elseadopt a new system of notation to provide for intonation as wellas vowel and consonant sounds. And if we do not so reduceliterature we inevitably retain an element of representation, how- ever broken up and distorted. That is, if we imagine a potentialsculptor, let us say, living in some strange realm where he isable to experience no sense-impressions — even impressions ofhis own body or any part of it — except impressions of that which he may be able to create out of some imponderable substance thatwill take form as soon as definitely imagined, he will be able toimagine nothing, for he will have no concept of form, solidity.Indeed, he is very likely to be entirely unconscious. But give hima pebble — which will bring him to consciousness — and he willbe able to imagine another pebble, and variations upon pebbles,and further variations upon those variations until he creates aworld and an art. And having created a world of variations thatno longer resemble each other closely, he may be able to resyn- thesize various forms into new forms that do not as a whole re- semble anyhing in his world, but they will inevitably by repre- sentative in some degree, of whatever number of fragments ofwhatever number of things. And the steps between this type ofart and the type that will in some definitely recognizable degreeresemble a definite one of his variations upon the original pebblewill be infinite in number and the differences between them infi- nitely slight. So that one can only say that piece of sculpture isgood which depends upon its form and not upon its resemblanceto something else ; and one can not say truly that is best whichresembles no natural form, for their is no such thing. Similarly,that poetry is good which is a perfect fusion of perceptions, andthat which is an imperfect fusion of perceptions or depends mainlyupon symbolical or other connotations is, to that extent, weak.The poet wishing to write «abstract» poetry of this type,must not dispense with all thought, then, and write without con- sideration, for this will only lead him into the cliches mentionedabove; but he must choose carefully the material which he wishesto break up and recombine, and work with at least as definite anintention and consciousness as any sculptor or painter.