Bruno's Weekly 3 1 June 17th MCMXVI naaq_1916-06-17_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 1 Heinrich Kley Illustration 1 "HE CONTENTS INCLUDE 1 Oscar Wilde Alfred Douglas cre 3 Horatio Herbert Kitchener: The Man 3-6 Untitled Image Illustration 4 Thomas P. Flynn: Poet and Subway Guard 6-7 Three Poems by Thomas P. Flynn 7 Fairy Tales Cat's Paw cre 7 A Bill Itemized 7 Frank Harris' Oscar Wilde Book Guido Bruno cre 8-9 Oscar Wilde in 1910 Illustration 8 Contemporary caricature of Oscar Wilde Illustration 8 Aubrey Beardsleys Frontispiece to John Davidson s Plays, the Portrait of Oscar Wilde crowned with vine leaves and grapes. The other portrait is that of Sir Augustus Harris. Illustration 9 Aubrey Beardsley who illustrated Oscar Wilde's most important works as "Salome" and "The Harlot's house." —Self Portrait. Illustration 9 In Our Village 10 Laugh Clown ! B. Ville cre 10 The Merry Dead Man Feodor Sologub cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 11 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 11 Altruism After the German of Arthur Schubart by Guido Bruno cre 11 '"THE wild rose scatters her fragrance, B. G cre 11 Lines in Defense of Vers Libre James Waldo Fawcett cre 11 As on every evening little Willie was kneeling and 11 Two Things by James Waldo Fawcett 12 Books and Magazines of the Week 12 Will She Really Come? 12-13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 When You're Lying III in Bed L. M. Thornton cre 13 To a Cabaret Dancer Djuna Barnes cre 14 A Pantomime 14-15 While I pipe on the mouth organ I feel it—the divine spark climbing up my legs like ivy. Illustration 14 The tragedy of the fly, as felt by one who has to kill it. Hesitation, rhythm, melody of life, joy of existence— and the inevitable end: crushed to the wall. Illustration 14 Don't bother me with earthly worries, O Solomon— I don't care. Illustration 15 The Odor of Murder Sadakichi Hartmann cre 15-16 Alma: The Story of a First Love Guido Bruno cre 16-18 Reverie Stephen J. O'Hara cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONI WASHINGTON SQUARE,-K. . *Five Cents June 17th, 1916w. * G, Copyright by Guido Bruno, June 17th, 1916. Original matter,including all drawings, may not bo reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditit given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 1 JUNE 17th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly byCharles Edison, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 Wash- ington Square, New York City. Subscription $2 a year. • .Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d. 1897. Heinrich Kley "HE CONTENTS INCLUDEHoratio Herbert Kitchener: The ManOscar Wilde—By Frank HarrisThomas P. Flynn: Poet and Subway GuardThe Odor of Murder Oscar Wilde Alfred Douglas. I dreamed of you last night, I saw your faceAll radiant and unshadowed of distress,And as of old, in measured tunefulness,I heard your golden voice and marked you traceUnder the common thing the hidden grace,And conjure wonder out of emptiness,Till mean things put on Beauty like a dress,And all the world was an enchanted place.And so I knew that it was well with you,And that unprisoned, gloriously free,Across the dark you stretched me out your hand.And all the spite of this besotted crew,(Scrabbling on pillars of Eternity)How small it seems/ Love made me understand. December 10, 1900. Rom Frank Harris' "Oscar Wilde: His Life and■onfessions" Horatio Herbert Kitchener:The Man ijl/ERY often one speaks of an Englishman saying:(jf "He is a typical one." In most cases, however,is not so. But Kitchener surely was the prototype ofI Anglo-Saxon, and as many of such born in Irelandif they did not see the light of the world by accident) Scotland.) In his case, the origin of the family isEnglish and his birth in Ireland was incidental,he typical Englishman—to speak in the terms of a well- |own comic paper—-has most of the distinctive marksj a poker; with the exception of its being occasionallyarm. Kitchener comported himself very erectly. Heks Jiute, iron-hearted and a useful instrument, only heiiJver warmed up. He was born sixty-six years ago inCounty Kerry, where his father lay in garrison as alieutenant-colonel of a regiment of Dragoons. It was atthe time that the parents of England, still very proudof the victories of the Napoleonic .times, endowed theirchildren with heroic names much as a burden for theirfuture lives. Kitchener had been christened HoratioHerbert; and just as Nelson, (whose family, similar tothat of Kitchener or of Cardinal Wolsey, or of Gainsboroor of Tennyson or of Walpole or of Fallstaff, orginatedfrom East Anglia) became a hero; the little Horatiofound himself morally obligated to be a hero. His fatherbeing a superior officer, the son most naturally was sentto the military academy at Woolwich. The school wasnot after his liking and so he repaired in the summer of1870 to France, without permission, in order to view the war at close quarters and to help the French a little;bit. At the age of twenty-one he was detailed to theEngineer Corps, and an engineer in the double meaningof the word he remained until the last day of his life.In Palestine and in Cyprus he worked as a topographerand while the other officers were having a good time hestudied the Arabic language. He desired to be trans- ferred as captain to the Egyptian cavalry, but the examina- tion officer didn't like the riding of the over-slim andelegant officer and he was almost refused (and Englandwouldn't have been in possession of South Africa to-day.)In 1889 he was a member of the Nile expedition anda few years later adjutant-general of the army ofthe Khedive which he undertook to reorganize."The Egyptian soldier is the best in the world," saidColonel Kitchener, "if he only doesn't run away." Thishumoristic statement, perhaps the only one he ever made,he corrected later on, for under his drill and under hisiron discipline, the Egyptian in reality became a verygood soldier and well-tried during the campaigns in theSoudan. As lieutenant-colonel, Kitchener had been ap- pointed to the post of governor of Suakim, and during theengagement with the troops of the Khalipha, he receivedhis first wound—a sword cut in the chin. His real featlay in Cairo, where he put into effect reforms in theEgyptian war department much admired by Lord Cromerand that became the basis for his impurturbable confidencein the ability of the young English officer. "Do as youplease," wrote Cromer once to Kitchener, during theSoudan war. "I shall call everything you may do, quiteright, support it and stand for the consequences with myown prestige."In the Soudan, he began to suppress the dangerous ac- tivities of the Mahdi, to whom the idealistic and mysticGordon had been sacrificed. The Austrian, Slatim Pasha,had just published his horror-filled stories "Fire andSword in the Soudan" and Cromer thought the timeopportune for military action.The Liberal Cabinet in London had been overthrownand Lord Salisbury had walked into Westminster asPrime Minister. And after Menelik had proved victor- ious over the Italians on March Ist, 1896, a plausible. excuse arose for the commencement of hostilities. Shortlybefore all this had happened, Lord Cromer had to passupon two projects, both dispersing monies of the EgyptianState Treasuries. Kitchener asked for money in orderto go ahead with his military preparations, which wouldfinally lead to the defeat of the Khalipha. Sir WilliamGarstin wanted to start a civilization work the buildingof a big reservoir for the Nile. The commission whichhad to pass upon both projects, decided in favor of thework of peace. Kitchener had been defeated. But LordSalisbury intervened shortly after he had learned the realsituation, in favor of Kitchener. From Downing Street came new instructions and Kitchener was granted his war.Sir Herbert who was above all and always an engineer,a business man, a commission officer and a war machine,figured out very closely how many troops, how muchmoney and how much material he would need. And thenhe started out. He transported his little army at first ona primitive railroad and then he shipped them like anassembly of tourists in steamers belonging to Cook andSon, to Assuan and from there to Akasha. Four thousandcamels with provender and munitions and five thousandworking men accompanied him. Of course, he built atthe same time a railroad. And soon afterwards it waspossible to travel along the same route in as many hoursas formerly it had taken days.The military successes were in no way extraordinary.The talent of a military leader was not required to an- nihilate the heroic but insufficiently equipped Dervish andto free the way to Dongola. So far he had overcome thetransportation difficulties but now came t]ie last march.He advanced towards the main fortress of the Khalipha-Khartoum. The desert revolted against the mastery ofthe White Man. The yellow sand glowed under thetropical sun and burned the foot that trod it; hot, chokingwinds blew over the endless plains and threw down thestrongest man. Pest and flood overtook him like malignantenemies and their victims were innumerable. The desertseemed impenetrable. Kitchener enquired of experts, mil- itary men and natives. Everybody agreed that it wasimpossible to build a railroad. And so Kitchener decidedto build a railroad. He selected engineers and broughtover working men—thousands and thousands of them,who spoke seven different languages. They were un- trained and they had to be taught how to handle theirtools. Every drop of water had to be carried, everypound of biscuit had to be obtained in Cairo; flour hebrought from Russia; machines he ordered from Englandand locomotives from America. And that was how hebuilt a railroad.It was his main piece of work there because the battleof Omdurman, terrible as it was from the standpoint ofa military leader, was child's play. Notwithstanding asure death the Dervishes in their white burnouses madean attack and were shot down by the new machine guns—thousands, even tens of thousands at once. Horses,soldiers, women, children, everything near the battlefieldperished miserably. The Khalipha fled through one gateof the city while Kitchener entered by the other with hisstaff, as the conquerer of the Desert.The Sirdar, motionless like a sphinx, ordered a solemnservice upon the same spot where thirteen years previouslyGordon had been killed by fanatics. Cannons were-dering over the Nile while the priests murmured| and while the governor gave three cheers for hery. The union jack was fluttering at the palace oflalipha, overshadowing in its folds the modest little| the Khedive. And then Kitchener did somethingI fiould symbolize the absolute destruction of Mah- .! | He ordered the tomb of the Mahdi, whose domepreviously been very badly damaged by shells, to bei and destroyed. He had the remains removedtheir former resting place and he had the sacred dead body decapitated. The cranium passed from hand tohand and the imprisoned Dervishes had to witness thisscene.The Soudan war was at an end. From this hour,dated the supremacy of England over Egypt all over theNile districts. One had participated in this campaign;one was a witness of the terrible masse murders; of thehorrible ceremony and had everything descriptively re- lated—a young officer and newspaper man—WinstonChurchill. If Kitchener is known to a better informedworld as a gruesome, brutal general, without regard, itis the work of Churchill. The English press naturallystarted immediately upon its usual repatching work, cir- culating stories of the mild treatment by theprisoners of war and of the tender consideration for thewounded no matter whether friend or enemy—.Churchill, with the fearlessness of his race, threw himselfupon the liars and accused Kitchener and his soldiers.He threw accusations into their faces which were thesuperlatives of everything that an enemy of the countrycould have said. The Sirdar remained motionless. Hedidn't defend himself, and as usual, he said not one word.His business was war and he conducted it carefully, ex- pressing his own personality. His supreme maxim wasalways: "In such dangerous affairs as wars, mistakescaused by good-nature are the most terrible ones."Shortly after the battle of Omdurman, he restrainedthe French Major Marchand who had made his wayfrom the Soudan to Fashoda at the White Nile, fromgoing farther ahead. The meeting of these two leaders,in this case the representatives of their nations and govern- ments, remains a historical curiosity. The men facedeach other as deadly enemies. Marchand hoisted theTricolor but Kitchener very quietly said that the BritishFlag only could be hoisted in that particular neighbour- hood. War or peace between two big nations was at stake.Both men were hard. Kitchener proved the harder one.The Tricolor went down; the ominous diplomatic con- ference was ended with a whiskey and soda, just as every- thing is ended by a typical Englishman.Kitchener went to London and received the honors ofa demi-god. In those days the Jingo press'started its wildDervish dance. In those days the English press lost itssense of proportion.Wellington, the Iron Duke, surely did not receive suchacclamation after his Waterloo, as Kitchener, the ironcommander, received after his Omdurman and Fashoda.Parliament gave him its thanks and an honorary gift of$150,000. He took the gift, went back to Egypt and re- mained there until the outbreak of the South African war;until things in the Transvaal had started to go wrong.Kitchener foretold the course of events; he knew the reac- tionary methods and the ways of the War Office and heknew his compatriots who conducted their wars indecisivelyunder the auspices of disagreeing political parties, and es- specially with insufficient equipment and men. He knewthat under such circumstances Sir Redvers Buller wouldnever do, and he knew that from an English standpoint theTransvaal War really would start when Lord Salisburyhad sent little Lord Roberts as Field Marshal and himselfas Chief of Staff. A quick reorganization of the army for the attack on Bloemfontein—Pretoria, has to be put tohis credit. Of course, he had successes against Cronje;but his real merits remained as ever, his work as an en- gineer; his organizing powers of transportation iacilitiesand his cunning methods of undermining all the strengthof his enemies. From Julius Caesar he borrowed starva- tion as the most efficient- weapon of war and as LordRoberts, an old man, who couldn't stand seeing bloodshed,returned to England, the continuation of a comparativelyeasy warfare without glory, was left to Kitchener. Herehe invented his block-house system, enclosing with barbedwire a territory as big as the State of Texas, taking upthe idea of concentration camps, which found in those dayssharp criticism all over the world. Kitchener becamelieutenant-general with the title of a Viscount and re- ceived a gift of $250,000. Subsequently he became Com- mander-in-Chief of India, Field Marshal and member ofthe Committee of Defense. In India he assured the posi- tion of England towards Russia. His activities, whichextended over seven years, gave him ample opportunityto employ his talents as an organizer. He disbanded theold military organizations and substituted them by awarlike structure of divisions; here he played manoeuvreson the European plan (impossible in England at the littlemanoeuvre fields of Aldershot, Salisbury Plain and TheCurragh), and last, but not least, he arranged his regi- ments by castes and races, so that he could play one regi- ment against the other in case of mutiny. In 1910 camethe dramatic conflict with the Viceroy, Lord Curzon, whodidn't like the autocratic supremacy of Kitchener. Twoof the strongest wills had clashed. The decision was madepolitically in London. The Secretary of War, Brodrick,could not possibly do without his field-marshal and Curzonresigned, deeply mortified. But Kitchener of Khartoum,K. of K., as he had been called by his soldiers, remainedonly a few years longer in India. The next cabinet wasLiberal and John Morley, the new Secretary for India,declined to surrender the civil power to the Army. Kitch- ener sent in his resignation.It seemed that there was nothing to do in the BritishEmpire for a personality such as Kitchener. The laughterof all England was aroused when he was offered thedirectorship of the London and Chatham Dover RailwayCo. But finally in 1911 he was made British Agent andFirst Consul in Egypt. Here he was given the powerof a Viceroy. At the time England took part in theEuropean war, Kitchener was made secretary of theColonies, and he who knows the methods of his colonialwars will find very easily his directing power in the wholeEnglish strategy of the present war.Kitchener had a well-formed face with a high forehead,his hair parted, enormous eyebrows overshadowed his eyeswhich were as clear as water and passionless. Under hisstraight and strong nose was a big moustache. His cheekswere always very red, dried by twenty-five years of desert'sun. He never laughed and only spoke if he had to. Hewas a lonely domineering man of gnashing sharpness,phonetically indicated in his name; without wife, withoutrelatives, without a friend. When in England he used tolive in quiet Canterbury amidst his blue porcelain. Hissoldiers did not love him; they feared his hardness. He never answered their salute. He noticed them only aslong as they could march and fight. It is very significantthat in all his military organizations, sanitary conditionswere always very poor. But wherever he appeared, cor- ruption, women and extravagance came to an end.His art of war was simple bookkeeping; his prepara- tions were the calculations of a merchant. He was savinglike a city man, honest but without feeling, without anyhumanity, above all morals, like a calculating machine.Kitchener seems to have been less a general than amanager of his wars. Thomas P. Flynn: Poet and SubwayGuard LIE is big and strong. He has hands which are a liv-A A ing testimony to the work he must have done. Hiseyes seem to look far away. Perhaps they see that fairyland of which he dreams and where too he is transportedupon the speedy sailing boats of his imagination. He lovesflowers and birds, God's Nature, whose messengers theyare. He longs for forests and for mountains. His lungsare thirsty for the pure air of Nature. The greatest poetsand philosophers left him their rich legacies; Shakespeare,Goethe, Byron, Keats, Shelley, Poe, Whitman and Wildeare his daily companions. He sees, he thinks and feelswhat they have left to us. He hasn't read them as anyone might who had been taught to arrange the letters ofalphabet into words and sentences. He feels as they musthave felt. Kant and Hegel, Schopenhauer and Spinozagave him their philosophy. True it is that he has been therear-guard on a subway train for the last four years. Buthe never attempted to write or to express the rhythm ofhis life or the beauty of his thoughts or to communicatethem to others. Because he is just a working man. Hisaccepted theory is to work for a living. To dream in or- der to live is his enjoyment in life. He was a gardener inIreland and as he spoke of his flowers and of his gardensone could see that even the memory of this made him hap- pier. And then he had come to America. He was notfortunate enough to find a position that would haveenabled him to live with Nature. He had worked hereand there, and finally employment on the subway hadproven permanent.Thomas P. Flynn came up to the Garret last week. Hewas very shy and very nervous as he produced a few sheetsof paper and confessed that he had jotted down books andbooks full of reminiscences and memories, of happy daysspent near Nature. While he was opening and shuttingthe doors of subway trains, packing crowds into his wa- gons and unloading them at their points of destination, had written them. Now he has been dischargedfouryears of faithful service. "I always carried !an(j |while waiting for trains or off duty I was in tfy. 0fwriting in my little note book. And they thoug!ls a (socialist agitator and they discharged me withqnp./any reason"—accounted for his being in broad d;fnJstead of calling out names of stations on a sub. Oj- somewhere under the Hudson. * MbpThomas P. Flynn has no desire whatever to &lt;M;fhe has no literary aspirations. He is exceptic* fH ]read and his reading was supplemented by life. V He consented to have the following poems printed onthese pages. He might lack the polish of a drawing roompoet and he may not have the originality (sic!) of the verslibre manufacturer, but he surely has the soul of a poet. Three Poems by Thomas P. Flynn Sunrise THE lark is hymning in the sky &gt;,;The blackbird in the hazel nigh svThe robin from the aged thornWith joyous note salutes the morn.And in the lofty pines aboveCoos to its mate the gentle doveFar through the viewless depths of air -The cuckoo's call again I hear.Sweeter than all the singing birdsSweeter than either notes or wordsIn my soul are echoes ringingOf mystic songs and mystic singing.The highest harmony of thoughtThat can't be written, rhymed or wroughtThe soul's springtides majestic swell 112That few can feel and none can tell. , Sunset on the Palisades HTHE lazy boats are drifting down the riverThe mist hangs dreamy in the jaded airAnd drowsy indolence is everywhereSave where the wave dimpling sunbeams quiver*A path of gold from shore to shore they formThey tremble, boil and flash, ripple dance and wheelAnd to the banks on glittering wavelets reelThat break with laughter soft and warm. *The palisades rise frowning dark and boldContrasting in their grandeur with the skyThe sun is robed in his majestic goldWith golden clouds his vassals waiting byMethinks such scenes to mortal men were*givenThat after sunset they might dream of heaven. Myself 17 OR me the thorn blossoms white* The stars parade the heavens at nightThe rose comes forth in all its bloomFor me the violet sheds perfume.My mind with boundless freedom straysAmong ten thousand milky waysMortal am I of earthly leavenYet still I hold the keys of heaven.I live in palaces grand and rareWe build no cabins who build in the airWith Shakespeare's spirit a home I findAnd together we ride on the wings of the wind.I frown with Byron, I smile with MooreWith Elizabeth Browning I weep for the poorYet hungry I've walked your pitiless streetsAnd lived on dreams like glorious Keats. In beauty's paths forever a roamerI sigh with Dante. I sing with Homer.I pity the rich man's wealth and strifeFor it robs his soul of its truest life.And though I'm a footsore and ragged trampMy pathway is lit with Aladdin's lampI've wealth that no rich man can steal or giveI live, by God, I live, I live! Fairy Tales Cat's Paw. The Cricket and the Ants HTHE cricket chirped in the summer continuously. In* the winter she was a well-trained singer and therich ants paid her every evening $700. For this shechirped for them two little romances. The Sad Zebra THE wife of the Zebra was seated under a tree andreading a fashion journal. Suddenly she laid asideher newspaper and cried bitterly."What is the matter?" asked the husband."I am ruined, lam done for, for my whole life! Justread!" The husband reached for the paper and read:"Striped materials are fashionable only if the stripes arelaid horizontally and not perpendicularly." A Bill Itemized AN old church in Belgium decided to repair its prop- erty, and employed an artist to touch up an oldpainting. Upon presenting his bill of expense, the ChurchProperty Committee, being a very conscientious one, re- fused to O. K. the bill for payment, until the said artistpresented an itemized statement, whereupon the artist pre- sented the following bill, viz.:To correcting the Ten Commandments ..: • $5.13Embellishing Pontius Pilate and putting new rib- bons on his hat . 3.02Putting a new tail on the rooster of St. Peter andmending his comb 2.20Replumbing and gilding left wing of the GuardianAngel 5.12Washing the servant of the High Priest and puttingcarmine on his cheeks 5.02Renewing Heaven, adjusting the stars and cleaningthe moon 7.14Touching up Purgatory and restoring lost souls,brightening up the &lt;cFlames of Hell" putting anew tail on the Devil, mending his left hoof anddoing several odd jobs for the damned. 7.17Reborderlng the robes of Herod and adjusting hiswig 4.00Taking the Spots off the Son of Tobias 1.30Putting new stone in David's sling, enlarging thehead of Goliath and extending Saul's legs 6.13Putting earrings in Sarah's ears . . . 1.71Decorating Noah's ark and putting a head on Shem. 4.31Mending the shirt of the Prodigal Son and cleaninghis ear 3.39Total $58.70 Frank Harris' Oscar Wilde Book Guido Bruno Oscar Wilde in 1910 Contemporary caricature of Oscar Wilde Aubrey Beardsleys Frontispiece to John Davidson s Plays,the Portrait of Oscar Wilde crowned with vine leaves andgrapes. The other portrait is that of Sir Augustus Harris. Aubrey Beardsley who illustrated Oscar Wilde's mostimportant works as "Salome" and "The Harlot's house." —Self Portrait. THE cloak of mystery wrapt around the personality**■ and the memory of Man has a double meaning.More merciless than outright condemnation, it will de- stroy values in the heart of man, it will drive into thedeepest hell a soul, without a fair trial. It will cover thelife work of a worker with obscurity and it will rob theworld of the achievements and of the beauty of a man'slife. Mystery is worse than slander if created purposelyto suppress something and at the same time avoiding thedanger of being detected. Sixteen years passed since Oscar Wilde's death andnothing was left undone by his adversaries (why they weresuch no one knows) to annihilate his works, to standard- ize his name as something one mustn't speak openly about.And these small creatures who did not abhor from assail- ing a man in his grave met with some success. OscarWilde was placed upon the proscription list; his workswere prohibited in public libraries, the young generationswere impressed in schools.with his obscenity, so far indeedthat even a professor of a university in New York told mesome time ago in the presence of a large audience thatOscar Wilde's writings can be kept in American homesonly in expurgated editions. It was a proof that this uni- versity professor had never read Oscar Wilde, that he hadbeen once prevented by similar talk from making his ac- quaintance, and that he would prevent hundreds and thou- sands of his pupils from the joy of knowing the greatestfigure in English letters of the last decade of the past cen- tury.Many of his friends, who had been peculiarly linkedwith the life of the unfortunate poet, have written biog- raphies and books about Oscar Wilde. But what did thesebooks contain? Apologies, accusations, slander in higheror less degree, stories setting forth their own insignificantlittle ego, in short, they contributed their share to a stillgreater confusion.In his book, "Oscar Wilde, His Life and Confessions,"Frank Harris seems to have spoken the first and the lastword in the supreme tragedy of a man. He wrote the lifeand Oscar Wilde himself makes the confessions. The twovolumes of this book are perhaps the greatest romancewritten in our time. They contain all the wisdom andcritical supremacy a big man has gathered from the expe- riences of a lifetime. He has realized that love is the rulerand ultimate judge of this Universe, and love; that im- partial, real love which does not know merciful cloaks fordeeds of its own or those of others, is written upon everypage. Frank Harris tells us enough about the life ofWilde's parents to show us the environment of the boy.He guides him through his boyhood years relating here and there an incident, unimportant in itself, but significant asa chief characteristic of the man of later years. We seeWilde among his friends, we see him as college boy, wefollow him to London and witness his debut in society. Life is nothing but a long chain of episodes. FrankHarris has chosen with the hand of a master the episodesfrom Wilde's life. And as we turn the pages Wilde seemsto he near us; we almost feel his personality, we almosthear his voice. And while we are with him face to face,and he tells us in his own language, with his own simplefrankness, what Harris calls "Wilde's Confessions," wewould be inhuman if we did not extend our hand to himand love him so much more for all he has said to us. Frank Harris does not praise and he does not condemn.He tells us the story of Wilde's life. He permits *us our- selves to draw the /conclusions and to help us to knowWilde. He doesn't hesitate to speai: about his own ex- periences with Wilde with a truthfulness which is almost| astonishing if one considers that Frank Harris was thepublisher of important English papers, has written sixteenbooks, and shows himself completely indifferent as to whathis readers may think of him. Emotion is something that we of this generation thinksentimental and unbecoming to a man. Those times be- longed to our grandfathers when people went to see atragedy and shed tears without feeling ashamed. Butthere are things in life which will drive tears into the eyesof the strongest man, which will expand his chest andmake every nerve of his system vibrate with a strange ele- vating exaltation. The last chapter in Harris' book, theone in which the friends of the deceased Wilde are takingcare of his remains, the death-bed scene, will move you totears. You will see how much love there is in this world.You will realize what man means toman as fellow travel- ler on the hard road of life, with its ultimate Golgothaand its goal somewhere far, far away - - - perhapsthis goal is the heart of man, your heart or mine.Frank Harris speaks to your heart in this biggest of allthe books he has written. He has erected for Oscar Wildean eternal arch of triumph. Beautiful in its architecture,colossal in its structure and under it you can pass to thedead poet's living legacy: his "Reading Goal," the great- est English epic of all time and to"De Profundis," one ofthe wonderful documents of love. In Our Village | F you are really one of those easily impressed and you* have the eaergy to follow your first impulse afterreading a newspaper article and to investigate for yourselfcome down to Greenwich Village in the evening. 1 henit is that village of which you read, the background to somany big things, the essential in so many big lives,—-t eone part of the city where%you can forget city and sixmillion co-inhabitants of yours: there is the Arch with itsarchitecture, the monumental gateway to the Square,between the shadow-giving branches of trees and bushes,houses big and small, with large windows and just stingyopenings to let in the light. Lights here and there. Highupon the tower of a hotel an electric-lighted cross and stillhigher above, a few stars, and if you are lucky and thenight is clear, the moon. And then you cross over to theother side of the Square and there are the small narrowstreets. The Square is deserted and only a few passengerswaiting for the next bus make up the small group beneaththe arc light. But the streets are peopled with men andwomen who stand around the Italian grocery shops andpastry bakeries; they worked all day and kept silent andnow they live their real own life. There are cafes asyou can see them on the rivas in small Italian coast citieswhere you really eat pastry and drink coffee and playdominoes. And then turn in one of those streets and un- expectedly, like the background of a miniature play-house,a little chapel looms up before you. The doors are open,candles before the altars are testimony that the saints arenot forgotten. Women are sitting on the stairs sellingrosaries, little statuettes and paper flowers j and menwomen and children are passing in and passing out. Andthen follow the thundering elevated and turn again tothe Square. As many windows as you see lighted in thesemansions of yore—used now as rooming and lodging- houses—as many homes do they contain.Can you help thinking it \ if I were a poet or an artist,I surely would live here and nowhere else?But, dear reader, because of your living here you wouldnot be a poet or an artist. I DIDN'T believe my eyes last Friday, but truly andhonestly it was a horse car—one of those ricketyNew York horse cars, with chimney sticking out, puffingaway white clouds like a peanut roasting machine or thestove of the chestnut seller on the corner of Thompsonstreet. The horses had bells, the driver a whip and aderby hat with his number stuck on the front. Slowly butmerrily it moved up Fourth street and passed the Square.I was standing there at the window of my garret, thesame window where Lafayette during his last visit toNew York in 1824, witnessed the execution of a scoreof highwaymen on what was then Potters Field, at thesame window from which a lady an hour ago had calledto her footman to bring her machine around to the en- trance. I saw the horse car passing and nobody seemedto pay any attention to it, and soon the electric street carpassed over the same rails, and automobiles hoot-hooted,and the big electric arc light in front of the windows flashed up while the city with its gigantic structures backof the arc grew darker and darker.It was night. The dark trees right in front of thewindows. Here and there a .gas lamp, yellow and flicker- ing through the darkness of bushes and benches and peopleof the Square. Farther and farther seemed the world withits noise and with the modern devices of our day's life.I lighted a candle and sat in front of the grate. Windsrattled on my windows and swept through the chimney,the broken and dilapidated chimney. The wood-workcreaked, the wind pressed its way through the cracks andknot-holes. The tin on the roof rumbled and the light ofthe candle was dancing in merriment, swaying rhythmi- cally like a young girl with her hands at her hips listeningto grandmother's sweet melodies.I was sitting in my old chair and thinking of the charmsyou all are deprived of—you who are living in steam- heated, electric-lighted elevator apartments you who areliving in houses with killed souls. Your telephone wirespierce their hearts, your steam pipes put them on thebed of Procrustes and your tapestry muzzles them.And on black nights you can hear the wind moaningoutside in vain asking admission. He can't deliver hismessages from neighboring souls. It is on those nightsthat you turn restlessly in your bed, listening to strangenoises, that you switch on your light and reopen the bookyou laid away in the evening .... and you don'tknow that the house had a soul and that souls come back.But that horse car travels at least once a week throughGreenwich Village: to keep up the company s franchise. Laugh Clown ! B. Ville. OUR eyes had met; our hearts had felt a peculiar painand she, too, said that she loved me. She came tome and we talked and we were happy. We didn t speakabout the past, we didn't think of the future. We werejust happy as children are who listen to the birds in thetrees and have no desire to catch them; who watch themarvelous masterpieces formed by passing clouds withoutthe afterthought "only smoke." We laughed and lookedat each other and we were happy because we knew wewere strong, healthy and good-looking.She came in the twilight of the day and in the glorioussunshine of the winter frost. She stole away from herworld and came to mine which was so different, but weboth had a world of our own. It was as real as youthfulenthusiasm, as practical as a dream of love. Here shewas different from the girl, whom her world knew her tobe and I was quite different from what I was before. Shesaid she would love me for ever and ever and ever. Shewould love me until death.And then one day she did not come. She always hadcome unexpectedly and now she stayed away unexpectedly.She ceased to come to our world.She is living her own life and I am living mine.Kismet.It should not have been. The Merry Dead Man By Feodor Sologub Translated by Guido Bruno. A POOR soul once came into the other world andmade itself conspicuous by being unusually happyand demonstrated a singular gaiety. The other dead wereannoyed by this improper behavior and found the continu- ously smiling face out of place. They asked the gay deadto account for this strange conduct and said:"Aren't you a bit ashamed to appear here so gaily whileyou should lie very quietly thinking of your sins awaitingthe last Judgment?" But he answered: "I wouldn't thinkof doing such a thing. What could it be that I shouldfear?"The other dead people explained to him:"Don't you know that the last judgment will bringto light all your earthly sins and they will be examinedvery closely. Then they will send you to the deepestabyss of Hell. There burns an eternal fire. In boiling hotpitch and in flaming sulphur you will have to roast whilethe Devil rejoices in your tortures and torments."The newly-arrived dead soul laughed at them. "Andis that all? Such prospects don't terrify me. I come fromRussia." Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner One touch of graft makes the world of politics akin.The day of "the sentiment" has passed and in its placewe have the day of "the cent I meant."Folly clothed in smart words is like the fool dressedin royal robes, deceiving only the heedless and the unwary.The most beautiful face that lacks it lacks its mostbeautiful feature if it carry not a cheerful smile.The beauty of being a beauty is: your chief duty is tostay a beauty; and the beauty of a beauty's duty is: it'sthe envy of all whose only beauty is: their care of duty.Our neighbor is he whom we know to need a neighbor,and that, be he far or near.Good manners are the expression of a good heart underthe mastery of a good head.Work to-day that you may not need to worryto-morrow. Altruism After the German of Arthur Schubart by Guido Bruno. E7ARLY yesterday morning I was sitting in the Park,right in front of two long flower beds filled withsome beautiful, fragrant blue flowers whose names I didnot know. Between the beds was a narrow pathwayacross which lay a dried-up branch that must have fallenfrom an old chestnut tree nearby."What devastation it would have caused among thebeauty of those flowers if it had only fallen a wee bitmore to the rf£ht or to the left," I thought, while a veryyoung girl was passing. Carefully she lifted her whiteskirts and tripped coquettishly around the branch just as ifit had been a poisonous snake. Shortly afterwards came an old gentleman who stoppedin front of the obstacle, viewed it meditatively, tapped itwith his walking stick and finally stepped over itcogitatively.Now came two very well-dressed ladies with arms linkedtogether. They seemed for a moment to hesitate, but soonone went to the right and the other to the left and passedover the narrow strip that was left on both sides betweenthe lawn of the bed and the branch.In the course of a quarter of an hour many men andwomen passed and it was quite amusing to observe howeach according to his character, to his age and to hisclothes either avoided the branch or stepped over it.Suddenly the old man who was sitting next to me on thebench, said contemptuously: "Lazy, egotistical cattle! Notone thought to clear the way for those to come afterthem. And it would have been so easy to do it."He hadn't quite finished, when an old, poor womancame along. She too saw the branch. She looked aroundand then she pushed it against the lawn."Well, there are still some altruists left" I said tri- umphantly.The old woman stooped down, broke the branch intotwo, covered the pieces up with her apron and carriedthem away. B. G. '"THE wild rose scatters her fragrance,* With prodigal joy, on the air.Her sweetness, so evanescent,Is a lure, a promise, a dare.They pluck the wild rose and crush it,They distill its delicate bloom,Hoping to borrow its fragrance,And all they achieve is—perfume. Lines in Defense of Vers Libre James Waldo Fawcett. DUILD me no songs with paltry rule;Bring me no verse of narrow school!My heart demands the free!Let no wild dream of mine be chainedUnto a prison unexplained!Caged birds are ever sad.When my boy's heart with love o'erflowsOr pure excess of beauty knowsI would not pause to plan.Sing as you will! Oh heart of mine!The freedom you command is thine!Be free, then, and be glad! As on every evening little Willie was kneeling and say- ing his prayers. He finished as he had been taught: "DearGod, take care of my father and of my mother and ofbrother John and of grandfather . . . "and pleasedo remember this time to take care of them so that I don'tneed to ask you every day." Two Things by James Waldo Fawcett Uncut Leaves | gave her that wonderful copy of my own little bookof verses,—all gathered and written for her. Shesailed away into the sunset that same sad day, saying:"I shall be lonely for your love, dear heart." In farJapan, when a year was flown, I came to her. She wasaway, they said. The dear, fragrant room was emptysave for the memory of her glorious presence and thelonging toward her return. I paced the floor, waiting.Then, suddenly, I saw in a corner, my little book,—mytiny tribute to my splendid passion, I caught it up, inenvy that while I had languished on a foreign shore, it,a mere printed thing of black and white and gold, hadknown her eyes, her slim, cool fingers, perhaps her lips.I turned the leaves eagerly. And then Isaw—and felt—that the pages were still uncut! Kismet '"THEY stood by a garden wall, and he said: "I loveyou!" She turned away, with tears in her eyes,pained that she must hurt him. "No," she said.He pled for her heart and hand all of the whole longspring morning. At the end she turned away again, andleft him. As she walked across the lawn he called:"Very well, then. I shall enlist and be killed!"There was no reply.When the lads came back from Flanders, she said toher husband, "Tell me about Charles. Did he die a braveman rHer husband, who was a noble soul if such ever lived,did not respond.He knew, though, that poor Charles had been shot adeserter. Books and Magazines of the Week Poetry—A Magazine of Verse A Booker Washington Trilogy by Vachel Lindsay isthe feature of the June number. This delicate roast ofthe Illinois poet is surrounded by tasty and fancifully pre- pared vegetables from the garden of Rosalind Mason,Louis Untermeyer, H. Thompson Rich, Mary EleanorRoberts and Charlotte Becker. This number also bringsthe prize announcement of the one-act play contest. Har- riet Monroe says in the announcement that among the sixplays singled out of one hundred which seem to the judgesmost worthy of consideration there was only one foundcomplying with the conditions of the contest, a straighttreatment of the modern American theme, "The Lynch- ing." It is written by Miriam Allen de Ford and shouldreceive honorable mention. The Log This organ of the Circumnavigators' Club devotes partof its pages to the memory of Richard Harding Davis, acharter member of this club of adventurers and wayfarers.Many interesting letters from members in the trenches ofthe various belligerent nations give it the aspect of a cos- mopolitan review of adventures one can meet nowadaysin all parts of the world. The Miscellany In this second number of the quarterly since it passedinto the hands of its new editor in Cleveland, La Touche Hancock writes on newspaper verse and who could do itbetter than La Touche, the old pilgrim of newspaperdomin America. Who knows as much about the would-bepoets who drift in an editor's office as even Don Marquishimself, the moving hand behind the Sun Dial. The titlecover is an Ex Libris bearing the portrait of Shakespeareand designed and copyrighted to commemorate the Shakes- peare Tercentenary. The Wild Hawk The May issue of this "periodical of beauty and free- dom" contains the personal opinions of its editor, HerveyWhite, of the various schools of poetry.As I read many of the Imagiste poems, and variousother exquisite efforts of our modern youthful schools, Ioften think back to a story that was told me by the wife ofa friendIt evolved that their second baby was a girl, and theyhad been longing for a son. But the days of dread andagony were over, and the father stood beside the joyousbed. .. ."1 am so sorry, John " she faltered plaintively, "that itis not a boy. "Oh, never mind," he hurried in brusquekindness, "so long as it is something" The Poetry Review One distinction has this new poetry journal edited byWilliam Stanley Braithwaite, compiler of magazine andother verse before all the other poetry magazines thathave sprung up during the last few months like mush- rooms after a continuously drizzling rain. It prints on itspages life-stories of poets whose lives are too short to havea story. The amicable Amy Lowell occupies in the cur- rent issue as in many others during the last months, itsconspicuous middle part with two imagist poems. The in- terviewer of bad poetry in America's foremost review ofthe book trade rejoices "in the memory of three poets."The venerable editor falls all over himself, bowingthankful acknowledgments to his brother and sister poetsfor the loud applause his review received upon its appear- ance in the circle of "The Mutual Admiration Society ofAmerican Poets." Here are two paragraphs from his edi- torial page of No. 2 "fine fibred the largeness of the wel- come from our contemporaries in the field of poetry." "Weowe a debt of gratitude which can be repaid only by anunswerving devotion to the best in American poetry." Will She Really Come? A ND so the divine Sarah is coming again to theUnited States. Of course, she is welcome and we jwill be glad to have among us that senile lady who en- thused our grandfathers, who was the revered attraction,the supremest offering of the world's theatrical managersat the time our fathers were in their best years, and towhose performances we were taken for the last twentyyears "so that we could say once that we had witnessedthe great Sarah in one of her parts."And now she is an old woman. It is a small step fromthe sublime to the ridiculous. It led her to the vaudevillestage. ,■ 'I Why, oh why was she too lured by money—just paltry,greedy dollars, to tear down the majesty of her art?It was in 1913, in Chicago, in the dressing-room of thePalace Theatre, that I had it from her own lips that thatwas her farewell tour, that she had come to bid good-bye to the people of America. I smiled then, and I suggestedthat only my own absence from the States or from thehappy valleys of this life would prevent me from seeingher again in America in the near future.Politicians and artists should know when to retire andto retire for good. One encore might be appreciated, butif the artist is eager to follow it with a second encore,he will wait in vain for an outburst of applause in theauditorium.Twenty years ago! Any city in France or Germanyor Switzerland or any other European country. Thepeople announced that Sarah Bernhardt would appearfor one or two evenings in this or that of her famousparts. Her placards appeared on the boards. It wasthe event of the city. Students saved their pennies, sales- girls and modistes went without luncheon to be able topurchase a ticket of admission to the performance of theyear. It wasn't like going to a show, it wasn't like at- tending a performance, it wasn't like buying tickets: itwas a privilege to be present during the consecration ofgenius on the altar of art. When the evening came and the first and second rankswere filled with quiet, humbly-expectant men and womennot to be amused had they come, but to be near genius.The streets surrounding the showhouse were filled withendless lines of those who had not given up hope of gettinga ticket of admission for standing room.Dollars lured her to America. She became a puppetin the hands of her managers. She is exhibiting physicalruins, and the genius of her art is left behind weepingwith despair. Nineteen minutes of an American vaude- ville program are hers, after the exponents of drawing- room dances and preceding some acrobatic act, the poorold woman tries to amuse the American vaudeville publicwith her diamonds, her gorgeous wardrobe, using as baither big name and recollection of her vanished art of yore..And now she comes as a cripple, adding one precious,feature—from her circus manager's point of view. France,who is taking such excellent care of her invalids, shouldnever have permitted that her greatest actress should go- out to work again, feeble physically and mentally, a pitifulmemento of the limitations of humankind. Why doesn'tthe French government allege its responsibility for herdebts as debts of honor of a grateful nation to its greatestartist? Why doesn't France take care of her in her de- clining years ? When You're Lying III in Bed L. M. Thornton. A shake, shake, shake, and a bang, bang, bang,Down in the rooms below.A ding, ding, ding, and a clang, clang, clangOut where the wagons go.A tramp, tramp, tramp, and a thump, thump, thump,,From the tread of restless feet.And a roll, roll, roll, and a bump, bump, bump,Surging in from the street.Oh how they ring in your aching headOn days when you're lying ill in bed.A tock, tock, tock, and a tick, tick, tickFrom your watch on the mantle tall.A dear, dear, dear, and a sick, sick, sick,As your pulses rise and fall.A snap, snap, snap, and a squeak, squeak, squeak,.From the board of your bed-room floor,A swish, swish, swish, and a creak, creak, creakFrom the wood bine over the door.Oh how they harass your heart with dread,On days when you're lying ill in bed.But the din, din, din, and the voices loud,Oh sweetest of sounds were they;And the stir, stir, stir of the passing crowd,At the hour of dawn when you wakeful lieAnd the silence smites your Soul,'Til your pulses beat, like the racer's feetAs he flies toward the winner's goal.For then is the lonely hour you dread.On morns when you're lying ill in bed. To a Cabaret Dancer Djuna Barnes TT HOUSAND lights had smitten herA Into this thing;Life had taken her and given herOne place to sing.She came with laughter wide and calm;And splendid grace;And looked between the lights and wineFor one fine face.And found life only passion wide'Twixt mouth and wine.She ceased to search, and growing wiseBecame less fine.Yet some wondrous thing within the messWas held in check:—Was missing as she groped and clungAbout his neck.One master chord we couldn't soundFor lost the keys,Yet she hinted of it as she sangBetween our knees.We watched her come,with subtle fireAnd learned feet,Stumbling among the lustful drunkYet somehow sweet.We saw the crimson leave her cheeksFlame in her eyes;For when a woman lives in awful hasteA woman dies.The jests that lit our hours by nightAnd made them gay,Soiled a sweet and ignorant soulAnd fouled its play.Barriers and heart both broken—dustBeneath her feet.You've passed her forty times and sneeredOut in the street.A thousand jibes had driven herTo this at last;Till the ruined crimson of her lipsGrew vague and vast.Until her songless soul admitsTime comes to kill:You pay her price and wonder whyYou need her still. A Pantomime While I pipe on the mouth organ I feel it—the divinespark climbing up my legs like ivy. The tragedy of the fly, as felt by one who has to kill it.Hesitation, rhythm, melody of life, joy of existence—and the inevitable end: crushed to the wall. Don't bother me with earthly worries, O Solomon—I don't care. The Odor of Murder Sadakichi Hartmann. a bright summer day Bruges-la-Morte with itsavenue of poplars and narrow waterways, is anidyllic town. But on rainy nights, as it was my misfor- tune to encounter when I was last in Bruges years ago, itis sad and silent and well deserves its surname. It is notdismal like Liverpool or Des Moines, its silence is weirdand oppressive. It was late, and I was looking for a placeto sleep. I found an old inn, and although there was nosign of life, I managed after repeated knockings to gainadmission. The innkeeper looked at the key rack andwith a shrug of the shoulders, intimating to the waiterthat "72" was the only empty room, he threw him the key.With a candle the yawning waiter led me to a room onthe second floor and wished me good night.The room was sultry. I took off my coat and went tothe window. It looked straight down on a canal. On itsrain-blurred surface there were but vague reflections ofroofs and old houses. On the bank opposite was a row oftrees and a few benches. In the distance I saw a coupleof huddled forms, lovers or vagabonds, and right beforethem on the water a few swans in motionless attitudes. Itwas still drizzling, and I could faintly discern a medievaltower almost lost in the mist.The room was furnished in the ordinary frugal way, assecond-class hotels in France and Belgium are furnished—a bed, a bureau, a night table, a chair, and an arm chair.I blew out the candle, lit a cigar, and sat down near thewindow.As soon as I had entered the room I had noticed a pecu- liar odor, some odor that I have never smelt before, which was the more strange as I was something of an expert inthat line. I had just written a treatise "On the VolatilePropensities of Odors," and had all my life been subjectto very acute olfactory faculties. Frequently I had cursedmy sensitiveness, as I was able to perceive odors that wereunnoticeable to others. To smell what various families ina large apartment house have for dinner is no enviableprivilege.It was a dull irritating odor. There was not a breathof air in the room. I looked about, and sniffed in variousdirections. The odor seemed to pervade the entire room.I sniffed at every object, the woodwork, the linen, thetable cover, the wall paper, they had only their own vaguepeculiar smell. Could it be the smell of the people whohad lived there before? Why should it be so intense andpersistent ? As it was late and the only vacant room therewas no use in trying to change my domicile. The bestthing was to go to bed.So I undressed and tried to sleep. What strange thingsmight have happened in this room! On every surface theactions of life are completely photographed; if someonehad the necessary chemicals and could sensitize the imagesand call them to life, one might see on the walls, as in amoving picture show, all that had ever happened in aroom. What jvould this room reveal to me, this old wallpaper on which vague shadows flickered! With suchhaunting images in my mind, half asleep, the peculiar odorstill in my nostrils, it suddenly seemed to me as if I sawtwo vague figures, a man and a woman, struggling in theroom. The man dragged a white form to the window,she resisted, he gripped her more fiercely, they swayed for- ward and backward and then I heard a splash, as if someheavy body had fallen into the water of the canal below.I jumped up; I trembled. Was it a nightmare or was itreality ? I hastened to the window. Everything was quiet.The rain had ceased. The huddled forms on the bencheshad disappeared.I realized that the odor had something to do with thisexperience. The mystery was too deep. I relit my cigarand sat down once more at the window and thus fell intoa doze. This way I was found by a waiter. He lookedat me with a quizzical mien. I ordered breakfast. Andwhen he had brought it I asked him about the room. Heanswered that he was only a short time at the hotel, andthat nobody had ever occupied it since he was there. Hehad noticed, however, that the innkeeper would never letanyone have the room if another was vacant. My curios- ity was aroused, but when I came down stairs the proprie- tor was absent, and my inability to converse in French hin- dered me from making further inquiries. I had come toBruges merely as a tourist, and after looking up a statueof the Holy Virgin credited to Michael Angelo, in somechurch, I left the town the same day, as the bells wereringing from the belfries over the plains to the gray Hol- land seas.Many years later, when the incident had almost passedfrom my mind, I spent an evening at the home of a Ger- man riding master in Dungan Hills. It was a birthdayparty, we had imbibed more or less deeply, and it was latewhen I and the last guest departed. My companion wasa tall middle-aged man all dressed in gray, rather re- strained in manner with dreamy eyes and delicate whitehands. The time for the last train had passed. So we walked together to find the trolley track, following closelythe directions our host had given us. Somehow we lostour way. No wonder. It was such a peculiar night.Everything was steeped in mist; it flowed past us and downthe road like milk, drowned the fields, whitened the treetrunks, and crept on our bodies. There was not a personin sight. We soon lost our way completely. Suddenly Ithought of the night in the little Belgian town and at thesame moment the stranger asked me, "Have you ever beenin Bruges?" I was startled, but simply nodded. "Thismist makes me think of the wfyite veils worn by the Bel- gian nuns," he said in his nonchalent way. "I was once inlove with a Belgian nun. She was always veiled. Andfor months I knew neither the color of her eyes nor hair.I met her and secretly took walks with her, there wasnever anyone in sight and the streets were empty. It wasa certain strange odor that enveloped her person whichfascinated me, and at the same time incited me to a pitchof frenzy. It haunted me—l could not get rid of it. Fin- ally I persuaded her to elope with me. She was of goodfamily. It was an awful scandal. I had money and wetraveled, in foreign countries. But the mystery was gone.I now knew the color of her hair and eyes, the secrets ofher body and thoughts. The charms had faded, only theodor, vague and tangible, remained. It tortured me andI tormented her. It drove me to madness, and one day—"At that moment I perceived again the odor, the odorthat had haunted me in the little room at Bruges. I shout- ed, "You—you killed your wife!"He looked at me with flaming eyes for an instant; thenraised his hat and nonchalently walked away. I was soabsorbed that I stood as rooted in the ground, murmur- ing: "It was that, then, the odor of murder."When I looked up he was gone! I could hardly recog- nize his figure, far away on the road, all wrapt in whitemist, only the end of his lighted cigar shone forth. Thatred spot also disappeared. I was alone with the odor ofmurder. Alma: The Story of a First Love Guido Bruno •"THE moon has come up" he murmured dreamily,"the clouds that covered the curious little starshave sailed away." With a sigh he made himself com- fortable on a balcony of the tiny flat he and his friendsoccupied on the top floor of the big apartment building.The street below him lay quiet in the peace of a latesummer evening. The men and women hurrying to andfro looked like children's toys. He twisted his bodyand looked at a bay window on the sixth floor of a neigh- boring apartment house. The shades were dfawn andthe windows were brilliantly lighted. He kept his eyeson that window. After a while the shutters that keptthe light from the living room of the balcony, were tornopen.Fat Tom had come.Fat Tom in his modish gray suit and the pillow in hishand. Tom always refused to lie or even to sit on thestone balcony."Nice evening," he remarked after he had disposed of his legs so as to preserve the crease of his trousers. "Butwhy hasn't Johnny shown up? I bet he won't show up!He knows it's his night to furnish the Arabian enter- tainment. But it's like him," Tom grumbled on in asoothing tone, "to propose a new thing, let us amuse himby the sweat of our brow and the strain of our brains andthen come up missing when he is expected to do for uswhat we have done for him."His companion squirmed nearer to the rail so that hecould be comfortable while keeping his eyes on the win- dow of the sixth story in the apartment house."Maybe she'll go over to the drug store to buy headachepowder or a stamp or a glass of sarsaparilla," he said,ignoring Tom's musings. "It was after ten o'clock whenshe went yesterday. She had a pale blue linen dress onand a white collar. ."Shucks! There's that black beast on the roof again,"and Tom pointed to a big black cat on the coping, archingits back against the deepening blue of the sky. "But Ithink he'll favor that little gray kitten of the red-tiledhouse. He really must be sick and tired of the mushylittle white affair he bothered with yesterday and thenight before last."Tap, tap, tap."That's Johnny!" exclaimed both."You'll have to open the shutter," remarked Tom."He won't soil his hands even if he had stayed in thestuffy room all evening. But you just listen to the ex- cuse he is going to give for disappointing us."The shutter was opened. A little footstool was thrustover the sill. Two legs were carefully placed on the floorof the balcony and the tall, lean body of Johnny appearedin sections. He wore no collar. His shirt was turned inat the neck. His sleeves were rolled up. His hair wasparted on the wrong side. A smile was on his face. Thesmile might have been sad. It was undoubtedly thought- ful.Tom shook out a folded, perfumed handkerchief andput it to his nose.The other member of the trio remarked :"You really do not bring with you the odor of ahospital. You smell like a lysol factory."Johnny selected very carefully a cigarette from the redbox he had taken from his pocket, rolled it between hispalms, lighted it and blew the bluish-white smoke inTom's face.But Tom was stoically quiet. He fanned the bitingcloud away from his nose and remarked, looking at themoon."As I have had occasion to remark before, a man thatsmokes cigraettes and that has smoked them constantlyfor years, is necessarily irresponsible. But we are waitingto hear your excuse."Johnny seemed to think very hard."I shall not disappoint you to-day," he said, tossing thecigarette over the balcony rail. "You shall hear the storyof my first sweetheart. It will be more interesting,Tommy, than your story of the little girl for whom youbought the biggest red valentine you ever saw and overwhom you poured your mother's toilet water for whichyou received two whalings, one from each mother. Andmuch more fascinating and romantic than your story,"&lt;nid he nodded to the man with his cheek pressed against the balcony rail, staring at the brilliantly lighted windows,"than your silly drug store affair. I claim it to bechiefly interesting," he continued, after a moment's pausewhile an ironical smile played about his muutn, becauseit is the story of my last love."The man with his cheek pressed against the balconyrail, raised his head. Both of the men regarded Johnnywith curious interest. They saw the ironical smile softenand give place to the mild one that might be sad thatthey first noticed when the last section of him was pro- jected through the window. Tom dropped the idea ofmaking some brilliant, satirical remark."Thirty years ago, MacDougal Street was not wThatis is to-day," Johnny began with a dreamy expression dnhis face. "And at that time Washington Square was ableto shed some of its magnificence into the neighboringstreets. Rich merchants, ministers and people that haddone something with this life, enjoyed the fruits of theirlabor in the gray and brown stone houses and sat peace- fully during the long, warm evenings under the twotrees in their well-kept back yards."My earliest memory goes back to one of these houses.My mother was the housekeeper of a pedantic oldwidower who patted my hair and brought regularly, oncethe week, candy home to me, but who at the same timewas much put out if I went into his rooms or showed theleast interest in the contents of his leather-bound books."I think I was five years old when he called me intohis study one day. The four arms of the gas lights werelighted and on the table directly under them reposed—not a bag of candy as I expected—but a solid-appearingsquarish parcel. He unwrapped it. It was a boy's blueserge suit, and he held it high in his hands." 'Now you're a big boy, Johnny,' he said in a verykind voice, 'and soon you'll go to school and learn to readand write and how to grow up t® be a man. And Ithink this will help you to know just how a little manshould feel.' He handed me the garments. They werea little jacket with a belt and a pair of knickerbockers.My mother, who had entered the room while the oldgentleman was making his speech, showed more emotionthan I could understand at the time. She took me in heriarms and kissed me, sobbing:" 'Johnny, you're going into trousers—think of it—mylittle boy. ."I naturally wanted to put them on immediately. Atthe recommendation of the old gentleman my mother con- sented, at the same time making an effort to compose herfeelings. When I had buttoned the last button of thejacket, she said:" 'Now that you are a real little boy, you may playoutside with the other children for half an hour. But besure to keep clean and do not cross the street.'"As proud as a peacock, I went out into the street.But there were no children. Only a little girl stood atthe entrance of a house opposite. I remembered distinctly[that I had been frobidden to cross the street, but I walked[straight over to her. I passed the little girl two or threelimes. I felt her looking at me. And., then I started tofcilk to her. I wish that I could recall .what I said, but1 cannot. I only know that we became good friends on■ie spot. That we went to the same school for several■ears and that she wore her hair in long braids down her back, and that she regularly forgot to bring her lunch.This made me very happy because she always acceptedhalf of my bread-and-butter with something good that mymother always spread on top. I took it as a personalaffront when any of the boys jerked her braids. And fora bloody-nose or a bump over the eye, she always gaveme a kiss."That went on for years, and the old man with whomwe were living, died. My mother saved a little money—enough under her management to take care of us until Icould provide for her and myself. We moved into alittle flat in Harlem after I had passed the grammargrades and was ready for High School."I often thought of Alma, but had given up all hope ofever seeing her again. I was a boy past fifteen when Inoticed in the school yard a little girl with two longblond braids wound like a crown around a familiar littlehead. She must have noticed me the same instant. Itwas Alma. We recognized each other and renewed ourfriendship on the spot. Her father was dead, she told me,and her mother had married a tailor whose shop wasdirectly under the flat where my mother and I wereliving."And now a happy time began. In the morning shewould' wait for me or I would wait for her, and wewould go to school together. We skated together inwinter and played tennis together in summer. My motherwas quite fond of her, and she came and went as if shewere already a member of our little family."Shortly before I went to college, I visited the summerhome of a classmate—a rich Jew—as his tutor. I hadhad one of those insignificant quarrels with Alma justbefore I left. I was just as wrong as she and she justas right as I. But we were both too proud to take thefirst step toward reconciliation. I wrote dozens of lettersto her which I tore up. Not one was sent. When Icame home six weeks later, happy because I was goingto buy her a present with the first money I ever earned,she had moved away. Her stepfather had sold his businessand no one knew where they had gone."I left college and decided to become a physician. Mymother had died. In her last hour she was happy becauseshe could leave me enough to prepare me for my pro- fession. One evening during the last examinations, whenI had had a harder day than usual, I took a walk beforeretiring. I lived near the university and at the cornerof my street there was an old-fashioned beer garden backof the house where Fate and German sentiment had pre- served some fine old trees. The tables had colored clothsand under the light of flickering lanterns, I saw thatdecent quiet people were sitting around the tables, talkingand sipping beer."The place had always interested me for some reasonor other. I stopped and looked through the palingswhere the hedge was thinnest. Just one table was un- occupied. I thought a glass of beer would make me allthe readier for sleep. Before I had seated myself, I knewwhy the place had attracted me."At the table next to mine Alma was sitting. It wasunmistakably Alma. She had grown to be a very prettyyoung woman with brown hair and rosy cheeks. She worea little hat and a gown of some soft material. After awhile she looked toward my table and dropped her eyes. She had lost color, her cheeks mottled. I knew sherecognized me. She spoke to her mother, and in a momentthey were making me feel that I had just dreamed thatI was lonely and homeless and that no one cared for me.I went over to their table. I was introduced to her step- father and to an elderly, well-dressed, man that was with*them. They called him Captain Smith. Captain Smithhad an impressive gray moustache. He seemed to be atrusted friend of the family, and I noticed that he paidfor the drinks."Alma and I soon forgot our surroundings. We wereso happy to be together again. That was three years ago.I got my diploma, and she was the first to congratulateme. We went to dances, skated and took long walks,just as when we were children. Life began to lookpromising. I got on very well with my profession. Ieven began to figure out how soon I Could set up house- keeping with Alma. You two. used to laugh when, aftera hard day's work, I used to substitute for this and thatphysician instead of going out for a ramble or a good time.Well, on every such occasion I was able to carry Almaa five-dollar bill to add to our joint savings account.You see each one of these little deposits brought ourwedding just so much nearer."About six months ago, Alma told me that an aunt ofhers who lives up-state was going on a trip to Europe andwanted her to take charge of her houst* during herabsence. The aunt offered a substantial reward, and,after some discussion for and against the plan, we de- cided that Alma had better take advantage of the offer.The day for the aunt's return was set for next Thursday.We decided on a month later for our wedding day. I'vebeen paying rent for a month to hold down a certainlittle flat in Harlem."Johnny took out another cigarette and lighted it. Bothfriends slapped him on the shoulder."Huh!" Tom grunted, his enthusiasm collapsing sud- denly. "But we got to scare up somebody to take yourplace in the joint here. Shucks. ... I thought you'dplay the damphul and throw yourself on the neck ofsome woman! An' I told you women are just good formothers and nothing else, and they're only good for thatwhen they ain't the mothers of your own children." AndTom leaned against the railing highly gratified becausehe had stuck to his principles in the wave of temptation.And because he felt that he had been rather brilliant andshocking.The other one looked toward the bay window, with astupid expression on his face and with eyes filled withlonging. The lights in the bay window showed dim andlow through the white iinen shades."But I'm not through with my story," Johnny went on. "This afternoon I met Hopkins. I hadn't seenHopkins since he left our place here to go to a prosperouslittle town up the river. He's specializing on gynecology,he says, and I guess it's a pretty good berth he's got.Hopkins seemed glad to see me, said he hadn't time tocome up here, had to get back to-night, and just as hetore away he called to me: 'By the way, Johnny—do youremember Alma? Alma, whose stepfather was a tailorand that you punched my face for in High School?Well, Alma gave birth to a child up at our place yester- day. It's a boy, and a strong, healthy one—you oughtto see him! A gay old gentleman—gray mustache andswell dude—visited her all the time, and the kid looksjust like him.' "Johnny's hearers sat with thunder-struck faces. Neitherknew what to say. A cloud covered the moon, but neitherTom nor the other one had the courage to look up atJohnny, whose voice was steady and quiet. Finally Tom'sfat hand was put out slowly with a gesture of sympathy.And he wanted to know."It's silly," Johnny went on, his tones so even and coolthat the plump hand fell with a slap on the tightlytrousered knee, "for Hopkins to make such a statement.""No baby ever looked exactly like a full-grown man. Butit seems that just this point that Hopkins insisted on is ayoung mother and a proud father whose family likenessthe baby shows plainly. It's getting cold. Let's go tobed."Tom picked up his pillow. Johnny disappeared withhis foot-stool into the room. The third one was the lastto leave the balcony. The street was deserted. All thewindows were dark and the moon was left to finish herjourney alone. Reverie Stephen J. O'Hara I. When day breaks clear in April's amber skies,And strange, soft lights creep into maidens' eyes,—Then spring is here. II. When dusk lies warm thro' blossom-breathing hours,And Night invites us to her mystic bowers,—Why spring is here. III. When youth and spring meet.—Well, what can I doBut think and dream—and dream—perhaps of you!For spring is here. OSCAR WILDEHIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONSBy FRANK HARRIS Frank, Harris (Publisher)3 Washington Square, Neu) York City.Sir:—Enclosed please find $— —— &gt; for which send to theundersignedL_ copies of the autographed edition ($20.00 per set) of OscarWilde, by Frank Harris, and copies of the regular limited edition at$10.00 per set.Name — Address CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollar.ELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third Edition. G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50-SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscript.THE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscript.DANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his varied and unique programs are full ofinterest and inspiration both in the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates for California Tour in June, Julyand August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 EAST 29th STREET NEW YORK CITY Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. Joseph McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORTFifth AvenueCAFE LAFAYETTEUniversity PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTEit]'Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room From the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may heanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 Sport Hats, Artist Smock Sets, Masque CostumesFor town and countryPAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23 Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076. WANTED you to know that at 60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on display many odd piecesof Brasses, Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m. T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y. JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring 'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon TeaDinner RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best hook marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think.' Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 756 Second Avenuein Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. Single volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCO Furnished Studio Apartment WANTED forthree months, Washington Sq. preferred.Write to S. M. CLARKEcare of Bruno's Weekly, 58 WashingtonSq., N. Y. C. IIThere can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) than&amp; „THE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.'Edison