Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 2, No. 1 (1922-04) naap_1922-04_01 Princeton University Library 100 22 32 new pagination images are glued in Advertising on the last back page and the inside back cover Based on Century The back cover contains Broom logo Wrappers intact cover in wrappers glued; inside stitched/sewn Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 3/6 . Owned by Sylvia Beach Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Broom pbl Librarie de France dst Ernesto Fratoni prt 'L'Universelle' Imprimerie Polyglotte, Roma prt 2 1 April 1922 18, Trinità dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy Three East 9th Street, New York New York Cecil Palmer Oakley House 14-18 Bloomsbury St. W. C. I London Broom Cover Design (Woodcut) E. Prampolini cre Illustration 1 Page 2 To a Starving Man John Gould Fletcher cre 3 Painting Henri Matisse cre Illustration 4 The New Conditions of Literary Phenomena Jean Epstein cre 5-12 Golden Fox Edgar Lee Masters cre 13-18 2 19 Alice Halicka. Moissons en Ile-de-France. Illustration 19 Black Jack Kerrigan Israel Solon cre 20-37 The Mansion of Peace Carl Engel cre 38-43 Heavens Louis Untermeyer cre 44-56 The Heaven of the Time-Machine Louis Untermeyer cre 52-56 Les Disques F. Leger. cre Illustration 51 Fish William Carlos Williams cre 57-60 Two University Professors John Dos Passos cre 61-73 Nature Morte Marcoussis cre Illustration 74 Nature Morte Marcoussis cre Illustration 75 If You Had Three Husbands Gertrude Stein cre 76-79 Theatre John Rodker cre 80 Paysage Animé F. Leger cre Illustration 81 Dedicated to the Enemy Gordon Graig cre 82-89 Portrait de l'Artiste Alice Halicka cre Illustration 90 Homage to Siva Romain Rolland cre 91-95 Comment H. A. L. cre 96-97 The artist, gracefully gesticulating... Maxwell Bodenheim cre 100 [Broom Logo] Illustration 100 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 99 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 99 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 99 BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Americans in Italy Editor, Harold A* I/&gt;eb aprii,, 1922 voi,. 2, no 1. Page To A Starving Man — John Gould Fletcher ~"j Painting — Henri Matisse ' 2 The New Conditions of Phenomena — Jean Epstein 3 Golden Fox — Edgar Masters X1 Moissons en Ile-de-France — Alice Halicka | 1? Black Jack Kerrigan — Israel Solon x g The Mansion of Peace — Carl Engel ..." 6 Heavens — kouis Untermeyer 42 I*es Bisques — F. Leger Fish — William Carlos Williams Two University Professors — John Dos Passos 59 Nature Morte — Marcoussis y 2 If You Had Three Husbands — Gertrude Stein y4 Theatre — John Rodker Paysage Anim£ — F. Leger yg Dedicated to the Enemy — Gordon Craig g 0 Portrait del' Artiste — Alice Halicka gg Homage to Siva — Romain Rolland gg Comment — H. A. L, 94 The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon - sible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office \ mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is: For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, Trinita dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy. New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. London Office, Cecil Palmer, Oakley House,'ls-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. 1 i TO A STARVING MAN You haggard, ragged caricature of man Cowering alone upon the rain-swept pavement, Out of the mighty city I bring myself to you, Your wolf-like pallid face and matted hair are sacred ; Sacred your lean grey throat, your knotted stringy hands. Your coat pinned at the neck, frayed and mud-stained trousers, Your bulging shoes, through which the bare toes pass, Your dirty greasy hat shrouding the aching eyes, All these are beautiful ; like a ruined city You watch, about you weeds and desolation, But in the midst of you a human soul. You who slip down the last glissade to death, Man starving without hope, whose empty heart Holds but the last despair, the dreadful peace of God ; I who have wrought for fifteen years in song Come now and stand beside you ; we are one. You will even hear the song I make of you, I will not even know the thoughts you hold of me ; Let there be but between us now two pairs of eyes Gazing into each other's depth ; and night, and nothingness. John Gould Fletcher Henri Matisse. Painting. Courtesy Bernheim-Jeune Gallery — Paris. 3 THE NEW CONDITIONS OF LITERARY PHENOMENA The fact that the world has changed can only have a theoretical importance, furnish material for hypotheses, or pass unnoticed, a simple probability very likely true. It is our knowledge of the world that has changed. The sum total of errors, of approximations, of arbitrary or experimental opinions —• with which thought weaves a net to cast over objects whose meshes then break and must be laced up again — that changes astonishingly in the course of ten years. It is true something remains of the old concepts, but those that were too much at variance with the new conditions of life have been expeditiously effaced, or at least sufficiently transformed so as no more to oppose events but to follow them. Literature, that automatic register of human sensibility, is no more stable : a weathercock, showing the actual wind from the lofty plateaux of in - telligence, but unable to direct it on the dial of the compass. W r hat are the new conditions of knowledge and life ? I The speed realized by man has given a new character to civilized life, spa - tial speed first of all. Cities are bonnd to each other by the close-woven network of the rails Countries even more than cities. Automobiles roll along. Aero - planes, in a line which is still more direct, leap over distances. Continents again, even to a greater degree than countries, extend mobile bridges to one another. Every ten years the kilometre, like a depreciated banknote, loses in value. The word " far " has not the same meaning today as yesterday, nor as it will have to-morrow. Waste lands become populous, cheap tracts quintuple in price because a tramway, and that feed wire from which it licks up the sap of amperes and volts, now passes through a suburb. We travel eight hundred kilometres to divert ourselves, three thousand to sell a stock of furs. A new race of men is born under the glazed waiting-rooms of the railroad stations and on the decks of ocean liners — the Cosmopolite. I not say do Internationalist. The Cosmopolite, notwithstanding the scorn with which some pronounce that word, can be as good a patriot and as bad a Chauvinist as another man who 4 has never left his county. The peoples know each other better, love and hate each other more, but in the same proportion now as in former times. We exchange customs, words, ideas. The possession of speed has spread the know - ledge of foreign tongues. There is no one to-day who does not know a few words of English, of German, of Italian. The absolute mastery of these languages, a rarity two century ago, is to-day nothing unusual. To create astonishment now, it is necessary to know four or live languages at a time. The juxtaposition of dialects in the same brain means the juxtaposition of grammars. Grammar is the most simple, the most definite form of the logic" peculiar to each people. These logics of expression, which hinder association, nevertheless influence, in - terpenetrate, sustain, combat and modify each other reciprocally. Thought little by little, changes its moulds. Besides, the beautiful legendary geography of the old books is dead. No more are there countries eternally lost in the mist, nor waste shores, nor mountains on which one picks up turquoises by the shovelfull. One has retraced a hundred thousand times the travels of Marco Polo, but they are no longer the same. Venice is less beautiful for being precisely so many hours and minutes from Pa - lis. The acquisition of spatial velocity has progressively created geography. Thanks to it, white-haired astronomers run after eclipses and comets and catch them up. Did not spatial velocity take part in the formation of those first crystals of nitro-glycerine between Vienna and London ? It modifies the language which neighboring peoples ornament wirh new words, alters the logic of utterance, grammar, thought ; hence every brain. It carries contagions of ideas from one pole to another. It modifies commerce, the bank, that is to say the foundation of our civilization. Money, that blood of the world, circulates more rapidly because the heart of the locomotive beats more quickly. The earth is small. All this has modified literature, that mobile countenance of a people. II Beside spatial velocity there is the velocity of thought. When we ask a question of several individuals, who are more or less cultivated, more or less intelligent, we receive at times the answer even before we have finished framing the question. At other times, we must wait several seconds. This delay, this time lost in understanding, is extremely variable. Its duration depends on the greater or lesser thought-speed of the individual under consideration. This mental rapidity not only shows individual variations, but national variations, from country to country, from race to race. If we wish to see the experimental demonstration of this phenomenon, we 5 can find it in the cinema. The fact is that the films register and measure thought - speed. The rapidity with which the episodes, the vicissitudes, and even the gestures succeed and are built upon each other on the screen —• a rapidity which is controlled and proportioned by the producer in such a manner that his customary public can follow the scenario without either fatigue or boredom, a rapidity which corresponds to the average mental speed of his public •— varies according to the country from which the film comes. Italian films can be taken as an example of those which reveal their meaning most slowly. They bore the French spectator, for instance, who does not know how to occupy his mind during those superfluous ten seconds during which the scene of mimicked con - versation lasts, because he understood it ten seconds sooner than the average Italian spectator for whom the film was made. Oh the contrary, certain Amer - ican films testify to considerable mental speed : in order to follow the action there is not truly three seconds to squander in distractions. Evidently, there are some spectators left behind, lost, who ask help of their neighbors. In literatures, the same difference is naturally evident, but the film presents this difference in the more definite fashion of a registering machine. On the other hand, one should not necessarily identify mental speed with general intelligence. Let us suppose a people "A" between two peoples " B " and " C " of w T hom one " B " thinks more quickly, and the other " C " more slowly. Spatial speed permits contact between these three peoples. If the middle people "A " interests itself in the products of the intellectual activity of its two neighbors, it will notice by degrees its superiority over the people " C whose slowness of thought becomes then a source of irritation. On the contrary, the thought-speed, of the other people " B " obliges the people " A " to make an effort if it wishes to understand, to stay on a level, and not be a source of irritation in its turn. Certain lazy folk will abandon the pur - suit. Others, will go into training and will attain a greater thought-speed, just as a coming man in the boxing game progressively acquires his maximum speed. Little by little, very slowly it is true, the picked few will be followed by the mass of onlookers or of readers. So it will happen that the thought-speed of the middle people " A " will grow. That mental speed in the past has increased cannot be doubted. Universal compulsory education, which is not perhaps the omnitherapeutic panacea, has at least done this, unless, instead of being the cause of this change, it has been only the simple consequence. Therefore, it is quite natural that certain kinds of modern French literature are veritable tours de force from the point of view of mental speed. The steno - gram passes from the merchant to the poet. 6 III Civilization, which is far indeed from being a simple word, presents for consideration an infinite nnmber of views of the same object. Innumerable apparatuses, complicated and delicate, supplement the information about the world given us by our eyes, ears, and finger-tips. Just according to the number of the apparatuses by which we extend one or other of our senses —- be there five or more — just so many new deformations are recorded by the intelligence. By deformation, Ido not mean error or false deformation. All philosophies and all skepticisms lie in ambush for this word which I employ innocently. A line appears straight to my naked eye, and curved seen through a glass; this is a deformation. That is all I intend to say. One is not content with these deformations. As they differ from the per - ceptions of our bare senses, which we are astonished to see transformed when we wished merely to amplify their range — just as a cannon's range is augmented in keeping very exactly the direction of the original trajectory — so we overlay these deformations with new deformations, on the pretext, perhaps legitimate, of correcting them. We take account in every experience, in every calculation, of the absolute error and the relative error, and thus we introduce the subtle, the imponderable, the uncontrollable error of the error, and the error of removing the error and believing it removed. All this the intelligence notes, tries to under - stand, feeds upon and digests in its belly, like the sly beast it is. The machine technology of civilization, the innumerable instrumentations that encumber laboratories, factories, hospitals, photographic studios, and elec - trical shops, the engineer's table and the architect's drawing-board, the aviator's seat, the moving picture theatre, the optician's show window and even the tool - kit of the carpenter allows man an infinite variety of angles of observation. Op - tics especially — and what is there atonishing in this, in a civilization which is essentially optical — hangs its lenses round our necks like the amulets on the neck of an Indian chief. And all these instruments : telephone, microscope, magnifying glass, cinematograph, lens, microphone, gramophone, automobile, kodak, aeroplane, are not merely dead objects. At certain moments these machines become part of ourselves, interposing themselves between the world and us, filtering reality as the screen filters radium emanations. Thanks to them, we have no longer a simple, clear, continuous, constant notion of an object. Man has seen a landscape not only with his naked eyes while walking, but blurred by speed through the window of a train, with eyes bitten by wind and dust from the front seat of an automobile, from the height of an aeroplane, spread flat like a geographical museum reproduction, through field glasses, in a diorama, in photographs, taken from left, from right, in sunlight, in shadow, with or 7 without diaphragm, in the cinema, painted by a painter, drawn by another artist, sung by a poet; man has not one memory of this landscape ;he has a thousand different ones, which may or may not resemble each other. The world for man today is like descriptive geometry, with its infinite planes of projection. Every - thing possesses hundreds of apparent diameters which never superimpose exactly. A voice heard naturally, then heard springing from the black graphite of the telephone, then finally resounding when the sapphire delivers it from the disc, is no longer, whatever one may say, the simple voice, the same voice. Nasal intonations reveal themselves, new sounds remain in the memory; henceforward one will listen to them differently. An historical reconstruction in a theatre or on the screen strikes out for a few half hours twenty centuries of time. The instantaneous photograph has discovered gestures which the eye now divines and the hand reproduces. We notice how suddenly a face on the screen shows itself to be different. A wrinkle appears that we failed to notice for twenty years : but from now on we shall have learned to see it. This unheard of complexity of perceptions which modern civilized life offers ordinarily to our intelligences, this intellectual surcharge whereby a hundred different images correspond to a single object has not been without influence on modern French literature. IV Arbitrarily, and to satisfy our mania for " here begins " and " there ends, " the domain of thought, of imagination, of kinesthesia, ourselves, even our brain, all that circumscribes and encloses the pale air-tight limit of skin is opposed to the domain of acts, of apparent gestures, and of things exterior to ourselves. Self-observation and auto-psychology exploit, as an inexhaustible quarry, this domain or interior kingdom as certain people rather pompously call it. Let us take the case of a man who fills a small office position. His exterior life is, so to speak, nothing at all. All day long with knees under the table, his chest barred by the front of his desk, he hibernates, muttering over columns of figures. His evenings are enlivened by the watering of his little garden ; his Sundays by a cigar and a walk in the suburbs. He hasn't been to the theatre for ten years. Once or twice he has traveled on an excursion train. Never - theless, this man can be a philosopher, a poet, an observer, intelligent, cultivated. He reads. The walls of his room crumble away perhaps when he choses, and reveal the landscapes wherein he would have amused himself had he been allowed to live there. On a limitless stage, he is at once playwright, actor and partial critic. He may meditate on the august laws of the new theogonies. Miracles grow fertilely under the hands of this careful gardener and he trims in 8 diverse fashions the leafy trees of wisdom that their shade may be less dense. His shortsighted clerk's eyes, blinking behind glasses, see the galloping unicorns pass, and sometimes he screws them up under the diaphragm of his pupils to mask an enormous and disdainful laugh. He listens to himself living, like a doctor bent over the stethescope which trembles with the beating of a heart. His sensibility, which may even be exquisite, warns him of the passing of a thou - sand things which escape the athlete, whose life only swells his muscles, or the business man who recognizes as a warning nothing but the shrill ringing of the telephone, or the explorer who smothers nostalgia by a siesta. A discreet life is not always an empty one. To inhale existence sweetly through a straw can offer the palate richer feasts than gorging oneself with double mouthfulls. But it seems that civilization clearly orients life " inward " and not " out - ward. " General education, in spite of its frequent failure, puts self-observation within the reach of a greater number of people. The advertisements with which we now greet cancer, tuberculosis, sub-alimentation and epidemics counsel men to examine themselves, to listen to their kinesthetic sensations, to take fright at the least internal disorder, at the slightest alarm signal of the nervous system. Doctors are more numerous today than yesterday, and as they live one presumes they dont lack for patients. Not that there are more sick people — that would have to be proved — but because there are more people who know they are sick. The inquietude, doubtless unnecessary, created by statistics on the increase in the frequency of cancer is caused by this better self-observation as much as by the improvements in diagnosis. And the beginnings of illnesses are of - ten insidious. How much attention is therefore given to kinesthesia. And I have had the occasion to show elsewhere what close relation, almost identity link the kinesthesia of an individual to his subconsciousness, and his subconscious - ness to his religious feelings and his intelligence. Another cause, due to civilization, for the orientation of thought " inward " is manual laziness. Of course, longshoremen, athletes, carpenters still exist. But in how many trades have the arm, the hand, the shoulder, the foot been re - placed by a transmission belt and a few gears and pulleys ? More and more the workman, his hand on a lever, merely oversees the silent, regular, docile working of a machine. A wipe with a bit of waste now and then, a few drops of oil. Between times, in the intervals of muscular inactivity, what would one have the workman do but think, and think of himself and his life, of the means of bettering it ? Other professions have become exclusively cerebral: the busi - ness man, the banker, the station master, the contractor, the broker, combine, reflect, wait, decide. To be sure, they do not always think of their inner life, but when by chance one day they do think of it, all their intellectual agility acquired in the course of their other exercises suddenly drills a well in them, 9 from which henceforth, Artesian, autopsychology spouts up like the liquid arc of petroleum in American landscapes. Books of philosophy and abstract speculation sell up to ten thousand copies. Publishers print them. Who has not his library today, not to mention his news - papers ? This orientation of thought " inward " has had its extremely strong reper - cussion on modern French literature. V I have sufficiently demonstrated that civilized life is above all cerebral, above all nervous. The banker, hanging on the telephone, his eyes on the stuttering Morse, re - members figures, calculates, interrupts himself to dictate an order to his steno - grapher, signs thirty signatures with a recalcitrant fountain pen, foresees to-morrow's quotations, thinking of what they were six months ago, multiplies, divides, lunches quickly, gets into his auto, and goes back to his work. The locomotive engineer reads the slope of the gradients which obstinately vertical little posts hold out to him, guages the effort of the brakes, notes the speed of the train, its weight, foresees the curve, the tunnel, tries to make up over a run of fifty kilometers, the time that has been lost, watches the signals, the steam guage, the water level. The captain of the steamship must be at once astro - nomer, meteorologist, mathematician, engineer, electrician and sometimes judge. The storm, before taking place, lives in his brain. The possible iceberg, the ocean current which carries it along, the speed which exhausts the coal bunkers, the sudden call by wireless ;he thinks of all these. And the engineer, the aviat - or's mechanic, the photographer who is a chemist, and the chemist who veri - fies the alimentation of a city of five hundred thousand inhabitants, and pre - pares the exact explosion of a shell or blasts a rock nearly a cubic metre in size, and the pharmacist who weighs the chances of poisoning in tiny little scales, and the farmers who now understand the mechanism of their tractors, the chem - istry of their fertilizers, the geology of their soil, veterinary therapeutics, me - teorology and the botany of their crops, the physics of their drainage. . . Every - body knows how to read, write, calculate, drive an automobile, take a bicycle to pieces, clean a lock or a revolver, interpret the Stock Exchange returns, appreciate an altitude record. People read the Year Book of the Bureau of Longitude, the Manual of Bridges and Pavements, every one knows by heart the metric system, the solar system, grammar, the table of logarythms, the symp - toms of fifteen maladies, the time tables, the characteristics of twenty ma,kes 10 of motors, their speed records, their best running time and their consumption of gas per hundred kilometers. I/ife is so cerebral and intense that it is logical to foresee signs of intellectual fatigue. It is not a question of a malady but a modification of the organism and particularly of a modification of the most sensitive organism, because the commanding organism, the brain. Ido not mean to say — and I conjure all the Max Nordaus of the Earth to listen to me — that the intelligent man has become a poor sick being, half mad, unbalanced, separated only by the width of two fingers from perdition. Far from that. Man has never seemed to me so beautiful and so capable and so energetic as this day in which I live. But in truth, it is undeniable that he has changed, and today the most important fac - tor in the change is the intensely cerebral, intensely nervous life of humanity, a life which normally, logically, evidently, inevitably entails fatigue, a fatigue corresponding to the nervous expenditure, that is to say cerebral and intellect - ual. A light fatigue, universal in the measure that civilization is universal, not pathological, since it is not exceptional in the new state of health. For states of health change. The Ammonites with their complicated sut - ures who have succeeded Ammonites with simple sutures cannot be considered abnormal compared with their predecessors. Present day horses are not abnormal in comparison with the three-toed fossil horses of the Myocene. They are differ - ent, that is all. us be content with noticing the change without considering it morally. Decadence ? One can speak of intellectual decadence when one knows the point of departure and the objective that has been missed. Do we know T the origin and objective of the human intelligence ? Perhaps there are no new maladies — that is still to be seen — but there is new health — and a new organic state of civilized humanity, a new biological equilibrium on the frontier of pathogenesis, there where it has always been. This fatigue, this health coloured with fatigue must not be exaggerated either. It is of no more importance than the traces of chemicals specified on the labels of mineral water bottles. One must look very closely to perceive this fatigue. As to valuing it exactly, it is still imponderable. But such as it is, it is clearly indicated in the civilized literatures of modern countries : German, Italian, English or French. Spatial speed, mental speed, multiplication of intellectual images and the deformations of these images, extension of auto-observation and of the im - portance given to the interior life, cerebral life and the fatigue that results from it. Such are the most important conditions under which the contemporary literary phenomenon comes into being. Jean Epstein 11 GOLDEN FOX Whether you hunt the fox four-footed, Or the fox two-footed; A rusty tail that shakes descending Below the rim of a hill, Or a woman with ruddy hair — Corn-tasselled in streaks — natural you know ! Not blondined — a woman who hides and runs — What's the difference, John, good John ? Foxes know nothing of anise hags, But fox women — have a care ! If you don't, you'll chase the anise bag And she'll be off another way. Anyway, here's the sport — all justified : How 7 to overtake with fox-thoughts, Hounds we'll say, the fox, the woman. Sometimes a fox looks over a ridge ; Sometimes between the leaves and clusters of wild grapes, Greens and purples and tangles of cinnamon colored vines, You see the tawny triangle of a wistful face, And two gray eyes : — I explain : You're at a dance, we'll say, And your fox woman looks up at you. Grapes ? You have had drinks. Greens and purples ? Other dancing women. Vines ? The plexus of amorous music. And you hold her waist and think you have caught her. But she slips your hands of flesh When you press her tight with words, Where is your husband, my dear ? And answers in heaven, changing her face From fox to angel. And what has happened ? 12 She's tossed the anise bag, and your hounds Of fancy run for the beautiful, The spiritual. And your fox, has slipped your fingers, And runs with a laugh to the arbor Where she eats grapes, while watching Your mad pursuit of the anise bag. Oh ho ! Call back my hounds, Here is the .fox in the arbor, Eating grapes. Yes, here she is in the arbor — her den, Designed by herself, but paid for By the man in heaven. Beautiful suites ! Connecting suites ! Close hall doors and throw little locks On connecting doors, and behold A suite with only a room between My lair and hers. Grapes ? Yes, here is the arbor, And the golden fox is caught at last. She purrs here, laughs and cuddles Tamed amid the grapes. But the next morning triste as a tired child More anise trails : — give me delights of the mind ! And she points to pictures of aged hunters, Glassy eyed veterans with the white rirn of sclerosis Around the dimmed iris : — friends ! friends ! Heroes of the mind, the soul : — more anise, Friends who have been heie, but on the basis of friendship. For you are the first to come here this way — and you Have bowed my head and taken my hand. For I am not as these ! (pointing to pictures of other foxes Thick on the wall around the pictures Of the tired hunters, winded veterans of the chase, Friends ! friends ! Companions of the soul !) That was an excellent smear of the anise bag ! And I was nearly off, chasing the disassociate, The make-believe of a fox, 13 When she turns to the memory of grapes, Eaten a few hours before, With her little red tongue insatiate Lacking the pulpy ooze, Between burst skins. So we tumble off the starry-pointed peak Whither she had scampered, with her golden fur, Alluring the hunter soul of me To the den of tangled leaves, And scented grasses warm from the sun. Well, golden fox, if there be two of you, I must hunt my best. There may be three of you : The fox that snarls and shows her teeth When one of the other two of you Is trapped and tied. After this, many visits to the den. She is now my pet fox, can be stroked at will; Curls up on my breast to sleep, Her little cold nose stuck under my chin, Sniffing delicious breath ; she's mine, And says so — all yours, she says — no anise bag. Until when I come to go she w T eeps — Which reminds me : — A piccolo carries a theme, or a string or two. But let the viols catch it over here and the horns, Then companies of violins, then drums, Flutes, saxophones, the roll of the organ, And you have a symphony, And in every woman, fox or what not, Something gives her the tune and pitch The key, the tone-color — same theme, I mean. And you, you are just another harp To her orchestra and to swell the theme Of her symphony. So she to me : as a little girl I lost a string of amber beads, I lose everything ; 14 And I shall lose you : many tears ! The anise gets in her eyes, perhaps, And I see her throw the bag as I say, Oh, no ! You will not lose me. Yes, but now many hounds in the distance howl: They sense I have caught the golden fox. Toothless bitches, and younger sluts, But with yellow teeth begin to howl. My golden fox pricks up her ears, in a trice Is trotting off, and I let her go. For she's tamed now, known to the tiniest nerve Of her wild and mixed and timorous brain, Changeable, whimsical, childish, vain. And she shows her teeth as she trots away. She would tear my hand if I gave her a chance. But I have tamed her and she will return Or set up a cry from her hiding place And call me there. And pretty soon, as I do not follow, Cries go up, from the Sierras. She's there, but will soon be off To parts unknown — more anise ! Cries, telegrams to be plain. So I walk, but do not run to the Sierras, And find her there, Petted and curled in the lap of Aunt Visyana, And lying with closed eyes — so sweet! Head on shoulder of Aunt Visyana; Her little Puck eyebrows Giving a humorous innocence To her little fox face; A pale cherub : cramps from forbidden apples : Memories of being caught, But caught in the toils of Narcissism, Marvelously chaperoned against a wicked man ! There's no such thing as grapes, and never was ; No sweet pulp oozing between burst skins, No nest of fragrant grass under vines, 15 No dens with locks that softly click. No ! there are mountains and nothing else, Nature, and nothing else; Noble thoughts ! music ! I am a beast, She says to me and a hunter — Are you not ashamed in the presence of mountains That you put traps of steel Under the matted masses of sweet grass To catch the delicate feet of a little girl — me ? And Aunt Visyana says to beware you. She sighs like a seedless pod, being all spirit, And pets the golden fox, protects her And frowns on me As a red faced Satan tracking an angel, A spirit pure as whitest fire —■ Maybe — but why am I here ? Why telegrams ? But after a w r hile, we walk in the mountains, What for ? Thrill of high places, Ivights of sunset, stars at dusk. All right, stars, smell of pine needles, nature, Spiritual raptures ! But when we get there She is the golden fox again : Laughs and shifts her eyes, pants, shows teeth, Eats grapes from my hand — many kisses ; Runs here and there : anise theatricals. Oh, Aunt Visyana, come and see. Come and hear the bitter prattle, Snarls of the golden fox ! Other lovers ! favors ? None of your business ! Anyway, wishers to be husbands, not just hunters, Trappers like you, you beast ! Come let me stroke the corn tassel hair of you, Part it from the strawberry hair of you, I love you, you know ! Call back my hounds. Craftier work ; grapes hung on hedges, Fat pigeons laid on pits ; That is I grow sad, ask forgiveness for sin, 16 Say I am going away — farewell ! farewell ! And so leave Aunt Visyana — trust me. Come to the city from the Sierras, Where we may be Alone in the last sacred hours ! Well, she conies, takes a den, Locks and doors you know. Oh, Aunt Visyana, come and see ! Grapes ! wine and sweet pulp, Dropping from the burst skins, riotous sweetness. Laughter and abandonment, surrender, Being wholly tamed again — Until she brings in poodles and terriers : Prospective husbands ! Or lovers ? More .anise ! Hints of strolls, little mysterious sighs around, Snapping of real sparks at times From the standing on end of golden fur. But anyway, it's a tame fox now, Only a tamed fox plays with poodles, Or an anise bag with a clock inside To move tufted feet Around with the feet of poodles. Well, then I walk off, not worried, And walk back not interested — not much To find — Come, Aunt Visyana : Here is your angel asleep beside a poodle. Closed lid under Puck eyebrows, Smear of grapes on her lips — And to end, I scotch the io± And here's the pelt, I nail it 011 the wall of my habitation. Edgar Lee Masters Alice Halicka. Moissons en Ile-de-France. 2 18 BLACK JACK KERRIGAN I Andrew Kerrigan, a tall, broad-boned, powerful man, sold mustard and chowchow that he prepared with his own hard hands in the reeking kitchen of his cottage in Elston Avenue west of the rolling mills. Every day of the year except Sundays and holidays, from sunup to sunset, and in all weathers, Andrew Kerrigan strode up one street and down another, a twelve quart covered wooden bucket in either hand. He never changed his gait and never changed his route, striding the same streets regularly on the same day once every week, and never oftener than once every week. Andrew Kerrigan never called his wares and never offered them to anyone ; he strode right ahead and looked neither to the right nor the left nor in front of him, paying no attention to anybody unless he was called ; and in the making of his sales he aimed to get along with the fewest possible number of words. After dealing with him for as many as thirty years, many of his customers knew that his name was Kerrigan, " Mr. Kerrigan," and little else about him. They would not have known his name had he not insisted on their know - ing it. During the many years that he strode the same streets, he had i,aught the housewives to address him as " Mr. Kerrigan," or they would go without a relish to set on the table for dinner. Andrew Kerrigan would pass right by the wife of some laborer newly moved to the neighborhood, never showing any sign that he heard or noticed her, if she had failed to address him properly. And if she called after him he would stop long enough to turn his head about and, without setting his buckets down or removing the pipe from between his long teeth, he would bark back at her. "My name is not ' Hey,' woman ! My name is Kerrigan, Mr. Kerrigan ! " He would resume his striding before the astonished housewiie had time to realise the nature of her offence. Many an inquisitive housewife, hoping to learn more about him, had tried to engage him in conversation, beginning with some reference to the weather or to the state of his health. But always there was the same result. The words would come sizzling from between his long teeth. 19 " And what sort of weather would you be having now, woman ? " Or, depending on the nature of the reference, he would snarl back at her, " Why wouldn't Ibe looking well, woman ? " Or, " Don't let you be worrying yourself about my health, woman ! " Andrew Kerrigan shared his four room cottage in Elston Avenue west of the rolling mills with his son Johnny. Johnny Kerrigan did not live with his father ; nobody could live with Andrew Kerrigan. Johnny's mother had tried it and given it up when Johnny was still an infant. Johnny Kerrigan had never been allowed any playmates, and nobody ever came to visit him. In fair weather Johnny Kerrigan would play all by himself in their back yard, among the rubbish collected there by his father ; or he would dig with the piece of an old fire shovel among the cinders dropped there by the passing switch engines or from the tall steel smoke-stacks of the rolling mills ; and in cold or rainy weather Johnny Kerrigan would play with the pile of junk his father had assigned to him in one of the corners of their kitchen, stale with the tobacco smoke of more than thirty years — he would play with the metal parts of old wash wringers and washing machines, ribs of broken umbrellas, broken handles of sadirons, old spoons, knives and forks from which the plating had worn off with use, jar and bottle stoppers, suspender buckles and corset steels : he would play with the pile of junk his father was always adding to. Summer or winter, Johnny Kerrigan was never permitted to go beyond the front and rear gates, which his father always kept locked. When Johnny was six years old his father sent him to the Public School in Ashland Avenue, less than three blocks away, saying, " Don't you be stopping on the way, going or coming ; and don't you be having anything to say to anybody at all. Just you keep your mouth shut tight, no matter what's said to you, going or coming. Did you hear me at all ? Mind what I'm telling you. Don't you go blabbering to anybody. If you don't want the hide taken off you! '' Johnny required neither his father's threats nor his warnings. He knew nothing that he could have told to anybody ; and he had long since given up the asking of questions. His father was a hard teacher, and there were but few things he had ever taught his son, but the few things he did teach him he had taught with such violence that Johnny never forgot them. One of the things Johnny Kerrigan had learnt was that he must never use his mouth in speech. " Don't you be letting the like of that troubling you, boy. You had better be minding you don't get your -knuckles rapped for you, or something worse maybe. That was as good as the best answer that Johnny ever got from his father. Early one Saturday morning, when Johnny was seven years old, his father 20 shook him out of sleep and. told him to hurry and put his clothes on him ; there was a vegetable pedlar waiting for him. While Johnny was still heavy and slow with sleep, his father pushed him in front of him, out the rear door and across the back yard, and through the rear gate, talking all the while. " You want to be minding everything the pedlar will be saying to you, do you hear ! And be sure to bring home the silver half dollar the pedlar will be giving you, and don't you be losing of it on the way. Do you hear me at all ? Do as you are told, if you don't want to be given your own head to play with." Johnny climbed to the seat beside the pedlar without saying a word. The pedlar gave Johnny a sugar-covered bun and a big red apple to eat all by himself. This did much to place Johnny in an expectant mood. The breakfast was more than he had expected and better than he had ever eaten as long as he could lemember. The pedlar drove far out to the north side without a stop, and from there began to sell his wares, driving closer into town as he went on. Johnny had never suspected that there were so many beautiful houses in all the world. There were just miles and miles of them. I,ots and lots of them had grass and trees all around them, and nice white cement walks that ran way back. The grass at first felt rather mushy underfoot, and Johnny did not know whether he liked walking on grass or not ; but by the time it got warmer he learnt to like walking and running on the grass ; after a while he liked running on the grass plots between the houses even better than on the white cement walks. Running up and down the painted clean steps Johnny liked from the very first. It was no trouble at all to him to take two steps at a time going up ; after many attempts he got so he could take two steps at a time going down, too. Only that he got tired lots sooner than he had expected, though he could not have been got to admit it under torture. He had even tried taking three steps at a time, but his legs weren't long enough. Johnny got to see the insides of many kitchens. They were wonderfully clean and the)' smelt nice, and the floors were whiter than the new lumber he saw going by their own cottage door every day on the wagons from the lum - ber yards. Lots of swell ladies talked to him ; and he would have liked to talk to them too, only he was afraid his father might find it out. It was almost lunch time, although the factory whistles had not begun to blow yet, when Johnny was sent to carry a peck of apples into a lady's kitchen. She was dressed all in white, lots of thin white fluffy things one over the other. He had never in all his life before been so close to such a wonderful creature. He was so close behind her that he could have touched her with his finger. It was all he could do to keep his finger back from touching her. His finger 21 kept on wanting to touch her and he didn't know why. The lady asked Johnny to w T ait a moment in the kitchen while she went into the next room to get the money for the apples. Then Johnny noticed the most wonderful thing he had ever seen. Lying there on the window-sill close beside him was the most wonderful yellow 7 shiny little gold watch he had ever seen. It was much littler than a little potato and lots flatter. Johnny was just as sure as anything that it was a lady's gold watch, He had never really seen a lady's gold watch. He took one small step and bent over a little, so as to be able to look at it closer. Then he heard it make the most curious sort of noise, and he was wondering what it might be saying. Johnny never quite knew how it happened; it was all done before he knew it. His hand went out without his ever wanting it to ; and when the hand returned to him there was the little thing right in his hand, and it felt as funn3 r as anything, and it kept right on making that curious noise. Then he heard the lady's steps as she was coming back into the kitchen. The tiny watch in his hand seemed to be making a bigger noise all the time, and he was afraid it was going to tell on him, and he wanted to hit it on the floor and step on it, but the lady was coming back and he had only just time enough to stick his hand into his pocket. He gave the watch a good squeeze, so it would shut up, but it went on just the same, and Johnny was becoming more scared every moment. Pie was sure the lady would hear the watch making all that noise. As the lady about to enter the kitchen, Johnny wanted to cry out that he hadn't meant to take it, that it was only his hand had done it, but the lady smiled on him as she came in, gave him the money and even a penny for himself. All his fears left him instantly, and he wanted to keep the little watch. Apparently the lady could not hear the noise the watch was making. Johnny was anxious to get out of that kitchen as quickly as possible. He wanted to make one leap out the door, but he changed his mind and walked out slowly. All the way back to the pedlar's wagon Johnny walked slowly, though with uneven steps, some of them longer than others. He turned the money over to the pedlar and began to pull himself into the seat, but by that time his arms and legs felt so w r eak that they refused to pull him up. Suddenly Johnny began to cry, and he told the pedlar that he was too tired and he would have to go home right away. He began to cry louder, saying he would have to go home, he had to go home, and before the pedlar could say anything, Johnny began to run home. The pedlar called after him to come back. Johnny came back step by step, rubbing his eyes with his closed fists. He kept repeating that he was 22 tired and had to go home ; but the pedlar told him that it was near lunch time, and they would be eating their lunch in a little while and Johnny could be resting, and that he would not have to run so hard after lunch. Johnny did not know what to do. He thought he would run into the lady's kitchen and place the watch back on the window-sill while the lady was not looking. But instead he burst out crying and fled as hard as he could go, crying like a terrified puppy. Johnny had run a number of blocks before he became aware that he did not know the way home. He knew that he must not ask a policeman. He ran and walked by turns and rubbed his tear-filled eyes with the back of his hands. When he came across a boy no bigger than himself he dared to ask for the way home. Everybody knew where the rolling mills were, and Johnny knew that when he got to where he could see the tall steel smoke-stacks he would be able to find the way himself. Once he risked asking a boy considerably bigger than himself. The boy looked him up and down several times before he made any reply. Johnny felt that the boy was going to attempt to take the watch away from him, and he made up his mind that he would kill the boy if he at - tempted to lay hold of him. He did not know just how he was going to ac - complish that, but he felt strong enough just then to have killed a policeman. Fortunately, the boy told Johnny the way to the rolling mills and made no at - tempt at all to take the watch away from him ; only that after Johnny had taken a few steps the boy cried after him and called him a " Bohunk. " But this only made Johnny smile a small, bittei smile, because Johnny wasn't a " Bohunk" at all and didn't even look like one. Johnny ran into the alley back of their cottage, climbed the back fence, and let himself drop down into the back yard. He took the piece of an old fire shovel that he always dug with, scraped away the cinders and dug a hole by the side-of the second post from the rear gate. The hole was so big that it held both his hands all the way to the wrists. He then looked around to make sure that nobody was observing him, took the watch out of his left pocket, placed it at the bottom of the hole, covered it with a fiat stone, then with the dirt and after that with the cinders. He then stamped the little mound down with his bare feet, so nobody would be able to find the watch and steal it from him. That done, Johnny suddenly felt hungry. He went into the kitchen, took the big knife and cut himself a thick slice of bread, then covered it with a thick layer of bacon-fry. It then occured to Johnny that it would be nice to eat the bread on the fiont steps, where he could watch who might be com - ing along. He walked leisurely to the front gate, biting of his bread as he went along. He was rather more awkward than usual in walking. He had tired himself 23 that morning far more than he was aware of. Once or twice he stepped on his own toes, but Johnny paid no attention to that. Instead of going up the front steps as he had intended, he climbed the front gate and leaned over the top, looking up and down Elston Avenue. Hanging by his armpits, he bit into the bread until his mouth was well filled. Johnny discovered that by doing that, he could chew a longer time without having to take another bite ; in the meanwhile he could be kicking out with both legs behind him, like a mule. It then occured to Johnny that it must be time for Tom Kiernan, the po - liceman who lived up Elston Avenue aways, to be going home for lunch. Tom Kiernan always said "Hello " to Johnny when he saw him, but Johmtyhad never been able to make up his mind about Tom Kiernan, He never knew whether he ought to be afraid of Tom Kiernan or not. Generally, Johnny could not trust himself to stand close to the front gate when Tom Kiernan went by. He used to retreat a piece, and stand between the cottage and the fence, so that if Tom Kiernan were to attempt to get hold of Johnny, he could run away into the house and hide himself before Tom Kiernan could climb over the front fence. This time Johnny was not the least bit frightened. He dropped from the gate, ran between the cottage and the fence, and, with the bread in his left hand, he began to dig up the watch. But that was not fast enough for him, and so he took the bread between his teeth and commenced to dig with both hands. In another minute he held the watch in his hands. It was still making that strange noise as loud as ever. For a moment Johnny did not know what to do with the watch. Then he took a big bite of the bread and put it away. He placed the watch on a stone and struck it with another one. He had to strike at it a number of times before it became quite still. After that he struck at it a number of more times, until he had pounded it flat almost, before he felt satisfied that it was not merely letting on to be dead. By this time he had lost all interest in it, and he threw it into the hole and covered it up quickly without paying any more attention to the way be was doing the job, and he did not take the trouble this time to stamp the ground down. By this time he had the bread all eaten. Still Johnny thought that it would be nice to sit on the front steps and watch who might be coming along. A short time later, Johnny saw Tom Kiernan coming along, and it occured to Johnny that it would be nice to go into the kitchen now to play with the junk. Tom Kiernan stopped at the front gate, and Johnny could hear him trying to open it. Johnny stole up quietly and looked through the open door leading from the kitchen. He was careful to show as little of himself as possible. He saw Tom Kiernan going away and he gave a little chuckle. He was glad the gate was locked. But after a little while Tom Kiernan was at the rear gate 24 in the alley. Tom Kiernan tried that gate, too, but it was locked ; and just as Johnny began to think that Tom Kiernan would be going away, he saw him climbing over the gate. For a moment Johnny remained sitting on the floor, keeping as still as he could. Then he crawled out on all fours and hid himself under his father's bed. Tom Kiernan walked up the rear steps and knocked on the door frame, saying. " Where are you, Johnny ? Come out here. I want to tell you something." Johnny knew better than to come out. In another minute Tom Kiernan was inside the kitchen. Still he kept saying. " Where are you, Johnny ? Come out here. I want to tell you something." Johnny was breathing as quietly as he could. The next minute Tom Kier - nan walked right in where Johnny lay hidden under that bed, and the next instant Johnny felt himself being dragged out by the foot. Then J ohnny began to scream as he had never screamed before in his life. Tom Kiernan lifted Johnny by one aim and tried to set him on his feet, but Johnny's arms and legs shook so that he could not stand up by himself, and Tom Kiernan had to hold Johnny by the arm to keep him from falling to the floor. All this while Johnny kept shrieking with all his strength and Tom Kiernan kept saying. " Hush up, now, won't you ! Nobody is going to harm you at all. What are you afraid of ? Hush up, now, won't you ! " Tom Kiernan let go of J ohnny's arm as soon as he could stand up by him - self. Gradually Johnny quieted down, and Tom Kiernan said. " Tell your father that officer Kiernan is coming back later, and for him not to be going away anywhere." Johnny played with the junk in the kitchen all the afternoon without stopping. The games he played had no name ; they did not follow any rules known to him. He would arrange the various pieces of junk according to some order that he would think of at the time. Pie would arrange them in a row and talk to them as if they were persons, ordering them to move now to this side now to that, to stand still, get up and sit down. And since they failed to do as they were ordered, he would handle them violently. " Didn't I tell you to go over there ?" Thereupon he would move the particular knife or fork or piece of a wash-wringer over to where he had pointed, striking it violently against the floor as he moved it. " Now you stand here. Stand, I tell you ! Didn't I tell you to stand ? " He made use of all the oaths that he knew, and because he did not know the meaning of most of them, he aimed to utter them in the same tone of voice that he had heard them uttered. When Johnny had come to believe that Tom Kiernan was not coming 25 again, he heard a noise at the back fence, and he saw Tom Kiernan letting him - self down over the fence into the back yard. The next minute Tom Kiernan was knocking at the door-frame. But Johnny kept right on playing with his junk, though silently this time. " Did your father get back ? " Tom Kiernan said. Johnny did not answer him, but kept right on playing. Tom Kiernan walked into the kitchen, helped himself to a chair and sat down. Johnny kept right on playing. Tom Kiernan said nothing, but just sat there watching Johnny. Johnny looked at Tom Kiernan with the corner of his eye and then at the kitchen table. The thought had come to Johnny that if he could steal over to the kitchen table, get hold of the big knife and sneak upon Tom Kiernan from behind, he could kill Tom Kiernan and buiy him in the back yard and nobody would know anything about it. He waited for a good opportunity ; from time to time his gaze would steal over to the kitchen table. But Tom Kiernan must somehow have got to know of Johnny's plan, for he got up from the chair and said, "Be a good boy, now, Johnny." And he moved his chair over into a corner of the kitchen, and from there continued to watch Johnny. But Johnny could not play after that. Then Johnny thought that he would just run away where nobody could find him. But again Tom Kiernan said, "Be a good boy, now, Johnny." Then Johnny's father came, and Tom Kiernan got up and said, " Good evening, Mr. Kerrigan." And John - ny's father said, " Good evening, Tom. " And then Tom Kiernan told John - ny's father that Captain Keogh wanted to see him at the West North Avenue Station, and for him to bring Johnny with him. Then all three went to the West North Avenue Station, and Johnny's father walked so fast that Tom Kiernan could hardly keep up with him, and Johnny ran along behind. Johnny's father said, " Good evening, Andy," and Captain Keogh said, " Good evening, Mr. Kerrigan." And the Captain opened a drawer of his desk and took out something and held it in his hand, and he told Johnny's father that Johnny had stolen a lady's gold watch and smashed it with a stone and buried it in the back yard. Johnny thought that Captain Keogh must be a devil or a witch or something. Johnny stood up on his tip-toes to see what the Captain had in his hand ; and, sure enough, there in the Captain's hand was the watch Johnny had buried in the back yard. Johnny was just as sure as he could be that Tom Kiernan had stolen it from him. He wanted to tell it to the Captain, but he changed his mind. It was no use. The Captain would never do anything to Tom Kiernan. Tom Kiernan was a man, and he could do anything he liked. It was only little kids like Johnny that weren't allowed to do anything. Then Captain Keogh told Johnny's father to sign a bond that he would bring Johnny to the West Chicago Avenue Police Court at nine o'clock 26 on Monday morning, and Johnny's father said, "No, you keep him, Andy He's safer with you." Then Johnny's father went away with Tom Kiernan, and Johnny wanted to bawl and run after his father, but he did not let a whimper out of him, and just stood there first on one foot then on the other, and Captain Keogh said, "You're a brave lad, Johnny. You'll be all right." The following Monday morning Judge Kirschbaum said that Johnny had never been brought up right. Johnny's father should not have been allowed to bring up a young child. And the Judge said that he would send Johnny to the Reform School, they would make a man of Johnny. Johnny did not know whether he wanted to be a man or not, but on think - ing it over he decided that he did want to be a man, if it didn't take too long. A man could lick little kids any time he felt like it, and a man could just do everything. Johnny was sure he wanted to be a man. Johnny's former neighbors had made several attempts to obtain Johnny's release. There was a meeting held in the fire station in Waubensia Avenue shortly after Johnny was sent away. A dozen good women told how glad they would have been to have given Johnny a home. Everybody agreed that Johnny should never have been sent to the Reform School. That was no place for him. Resolutions were unanimously passed, calling upon Alderman Kiel - bassa to see to it that Johnny was released at once. The following evening the Committee presented the resolutions to Alderman Kielbassa. The Alderman assured the Committee that he was ready to do ev - erything for the citizens of his ward. He told the Committee that he w T ould let them know at once as soon as he had any good news for them, but the Com - mittee said they would come back tw T o days later, and the Alderman wished them all a good night. Two days later the Committee again called on Alderman Kielbassa. The Alderman greeted them warmly. He opened up a fresh box of cigars and passed them around, telling the gentlemen to help themselves. " Would any of the gentlemen like to have a little smile, perhaps ? " he inquired almost apolo - getically. "No ? That is the best way, certainly. I never touch it myself. But I am not like some of those guys that fill up to the muzzle every time they get a chance and don't want to let anybody else have a single drink. lam liberal-minded.'' The Committee finally managed to ask him what he had done about get - ting Johnny released. " I was just coming to that," the Alderman replied. He opened a drawer of his desk and took out a folded formidable-looking paper. Holding it up in his left hand, he tapped it with a pencil that he held in his right hand, cleared 27 his throat and said, " I want you gentlemen to know that it was a big job you have given me. I went direct to headquarters. That's always the best way. They all know me, and they'll do anything I ask them. Anything in reason, of course. But they showed me the young man's record black on white." Here the Alderman again tapped the formidable-looking paper he held in his left hand. " I want you to understand lam not expressing my own opinion. I never like to express opinions in such things. But there it is ! He opened the paper slowly and carefully, saying, " His record shows black on white that the young man is ' incorrigible,' (The Alderman had a terrible feeling that he hadn't pronounced the word properly) ' obstinate,' he continued, " and ' refractory.' But ! " he fairly shouted, and again he tapped the paper in his left hand with the pencil that he held in his right. " I never say die ! Not me ! I have not given this matter up yet. Not by a long shot ! There are more ways to kill a calf besides tickling it to death. I intend to go right ahead on this. So much for that.! " he said, closing the subject ; and then added, " Any time any of you gentlemen need a little favor. Remember, my door is always open for you. Any time at all. Day or night. You'll find me a good fellow. Drop in for a friendly call. Any time you feel like it. Good evening, gentlemen. Glad to know you." And so nothing came of that attempt to get Johnny released from the Re - form School. The most serious attempt in Johnny's behalf was made the following spring. The " Elston Social and Athletic Association," a young men's club of the neigh - borhood, and the " Lilies of The Valley, " a young ladies' club, got together and organised a ball for Johnny's benefit. The ball was a grand success. Every - body said so. Everybody knew everybody else, and all had a wonderful time. Alderman Kielbassa spoke from the platform beside the musicians. He praised everybody present for their efforts in a worthy cause, and he told of all he him - self had done. At the end of his eloquent address he announced that he would contribute twenty-five dollars towards the worthy cause. Everybody cheered him again and again. But as everybody had spent so much effort to make the ball a grand success, and had spent all they could afford to make a presentable appearance at the ball, and since it would not have been the correct thing to sell strong drinks at an affair of that nature, only a little more than a hundred and fifty dollars was realised from the venture. A lawyer was engaged to go to Springfield and see the governor, and the Board of Pardons. The lawyer was told not to mince matters nor beat about the bush. He should tell those fellows down in Springfield that the citizens of the twenty-fourth ward demanded J ohnny Kerrigan's release — at once ! At once ! 28 You understand ? To a man, they demanded it ! And they weren't going to forget it at the coming election, either. That's the way to talk to those fellows. But it was fully two months before the Committee was able to get the lawyer to say finally what he could and what he could not do. He had worked hard, but thus far he had not been a.ble to accomplish anything. The records were all against Johnny Kerrigan. He had broken a machine in the chair factory. How ? The records did not state. He was disobedient and intractable. The Board of Pardons could not under the circumstances make a favorable recom - mendation to the Governor. Without a recommendation from the Board of Pardons the Governor did not dare do anything with an election coming on. However ! If an additional five hundred dollars could be raised, he, the lawyer, could sit down at a little game of cards with a certain number of persons ; the result of which would be that these persons would all leave the table with their pockets well lined, and that would be sure to have a most favorable effect on Johnny Kerrigan's record. Keep this under your hats, gentlemen. Not a word of this to anybody. Not even to your own wives. You know ! For a while, there was some talk of arranging for a picnic in Brand's Grove. But the ball had involved so much work that nobody was willing to serve on the committees. And so nothing came of the final effort to get Johnny Ker - rigan released. More than ten years later-the Sovereign State released one Black Jack Kerrigan under the legal fiction that it had restored Johnny Kerrigan, and much improved. Those who still remembered Johnny Kerrigan had their own opin - ions, but they said little and were willing to help. II For several days after Black Jack Kerrigan's release he kept entirely to himself, but the neighbors all understood, and they only waited for the oppor - tunity to show him that they felt friendly. Two days after Jack's return, it was reported to the men who foregathered in the fire station in Waubensia Avenue that, every hour or two during the day and evening, Jack left the house, fol - lowed the alley for some blocks and returned the same way fifteen or twenty minutes later. He carried nothing in his hands, and seemed to have nothing on his person, going or coming. There was some little speculation and dis - cussion, but in the end it was agreed that no notice had best be taken of his behavior. There was time enough. In the afternoon of th,e fourth day after Jack's return, Tom Kiernan went out into the alley in the rear of his home to empty the kitchen refuse into the 29 garbage box. He was in his shirt sleeves at the time and carried no arms. Black Jack Kerrigan leaped upon him from behind and took him by the throat. Mrs. Kiernan who was working at the kitchen sink at the time, doing the dishes, thought she saw something jumping in the alley. But as there was no sound or sign of a struggle she dismissed it from her mind. But the next instant she saw a man leap into the air feet uppermost. He described a semi-circle, struck the top of the fence a dull, hard blow, and fell into the back yard all in a heap. She did not know that her own husband by suddenly doubling up like a jack knife had sent that man through his singular movements. In another instant Tom Kiernan was at the side of the prostrated man. " Are you hurt much, Johnny ? " Tom Kiernan asked excitedly. " I didn't know it was you was at me. Where's your senses, Johnny ? You might know I did all I could to help you that time." Black Jack Kerrigan lay there dazed. He was trying to recall where he was and how he carne to be there. The Captain ana I talked it over that time," Tom Kiernan continued, " and he thought it was better that I went over to tell your father, so the wagon wouldn t have to be sent, and. them Hunkies wouldn't need to know there was anything the matter at all. Are hurt much, tell me ! Where was your senses, Johnny ? You had better be rubbing some liniment on you, or you'll be as stiff as a poker in the morning. Margaret ! " Tom Kiernan shouted to his wife. " Fetch me that bottle of Muldoon's liniment, will you ! " Again turning his attention to Black Jack Kerrigan, Tom Kiernan, said, " I did what I could to help you that time, Johnny. Can't you understand that ? You ain t taken leave of your senses, have you ? You might know I'd do all I could to help you." Tom Kiernan went to meet his wife at the rear door. He took the bottle of liniment from her and motioned her back into the house. In the mean - while, Jack Kerrigan struggled to his left knee and then to his right foot ; plac - ing his right hand against his thigh, he succeeded in getting himself erect. better let me rub some of this liniment on you, " Tom Kiernan said. But Jack Kerrigan had already begun to make his way through the rear gate. " Take this liniment," Tom Kiernan said, holding out the bottle to Jack Kerrigan. " Rub it on you, so you won't go stiff by tomorrow. Take it, Johnny, and rub it in good." Jack Kerrigan took the bottle from Tom Kiernan's hand without a word, and set off for his father's cottage. He walked slowly and carefully, as if he were suffering from an acute internal pain. He tried to keep from limping, 30 and he succeeded fairly well. From the beginning to the end he had not uttered a sound. That same evening everybody at the fire station in Waubensia Avenue agreed that Jack had to be found a job ; and the next day a job was found for Jack with Voltz and Lacey, tinsmiths. Little Timmie Wade had agreed to take Jack on as helper, and he further agreed that he would do all he could to teach Jack the trade, and not merely use him for carrying the bag of tools and the fur - nace, as most others did. There were some objections raised ; several doubted the advisability of letting Jack become Timmie Wade's helper. Timmie, or " Slivers/' as he was most generally called, forever offered to whip everybody in sight. It was all well enough with those who knew how to take him. Nothing serious had ever really come of it. If he ever took it into his head to tackle Jack the way he did the others — there was no telling what might come of it. " Just see what Jack tried to do to Tom Kiernan ! " " Slivers wasn't more than a good handful, and it would be a darned shame if Jack ever got at him, because of Slivers' family." "It might do Slivers a lot of good to get mussed up. It might teach him to keep his mouth shut." But since all agreed that Slivers was a good mechanic, and that he would be teaching Jack the trade if he happened to take a liking to him, everybody agreed to let them try it out for a while. And so the following morning Jack Kerrigan became Slivers' helper. Jack Kerrigan still felt stiff ; his back pained him, and his left side felt raw and sore to the touch. He could not help being slow and deliberate as he bent over to lift the bag of tools to his shoulder. Slivers, knowing nothing of Jack's encounter with Tom Kiernan, eyed Jack quizzically, a mocking twinkle in his small brown eyes. He was on the point of asking whether Jack's rheumatism troubled him, and whether he thought it was going to rain, but he changed his mind, and contented himself with winking at the other men standing around. A number of leaks had showed up during a rain in the new Swedish Luth - eran Church. Slivers had done the work on that Church ; he was now setting out to mend it. The workmen all took delight in chaffing Slivers. " Who ever told Slivers he was a tinsmith ? " " What sort of work do you think we do here ? " " Some people will try to get away with murder, if you let 'em." " I've got it on the best of you fellows, and you damned well know it." " I guess we'll just have to take him across the knee one of these days and spank him good and plenty. We may as well be doing it first as last." "You said it ! " " He's getting peskier every day, ain't he ? " "No use wasting any time over it. This is as good a time as any. W T ho gets the first crack at him? " 31 There was some shuffling of feet, as if there was a concerted movement to lay hold of Slivers ; and though he knew that this was all done to tease him, Slivers could not help rising for it. " There ain't enough of you fellows here to do it — and what do you know about that ? " Jack Kerrigan stood off to one side, the bag of tools on his left shoulder and the furnace in his right hand. He took no notice of all that went on around him. " Talking big for a little fellow, ain't he ? " one of the men said, turning to the others. " There ain't nobody here has got a better right to talk big " Slivers shot back at them. Slivers began to walk slowly out of the shop, his head turned to the left, so the men might know that he was watching them, and that he was as ready as ever to give as good as he got and better. When he had got as far as the door, all the men began to go through various heckling gestures. One took the pipe from his mouth, crossed his right arm over his left, and spat in the direction of Slivers, though not at him. Others slapped their thighs, grinned, cackled and made various animal sounds. Nobody showed any concern in Jack Kerrigan and he showed no concern in anybody. Slivers and Jack had to travel all the way out to Edgewater, more than four miles from the shop. When they got there Slivers found that most of the leaks he could mend without any help. The one really serious one was located in the spire. He thought that he might better send Jack back to the shop for a rope and tackle. He could be fetching them while he himself was mending the other leaks. But he changed his mind. Slivers always prided himself on his " nerve." He liked to show those fellow that he wasn't afraid to take a chance and a long chance ; and, when you came right down to it, none of them had the guts to pull some of the stunts that he did. There was a sharp turn there, with not enough room to set a ladder down in the gutter ; but he thought that he would try to get up there someway, when he got to it. In the mean - while, it had occured to Slivers to send Jack on one of the fool errands that ap - prentices are always sent on when they first begin to work. " Here's a dime for carfare, Jack," Slivers said to him with seeming ser - iousness. " Run down to the shop and tell the girl in the office to give you a wire stretcher. She'll make you sign a requisition for it. That's all right. We'll bring it back when we get through here. Don't let her stick you with one that's all banged up. See that the jaws are all right." It had not occured to Jack to question whether there actually was such a tool as a wire stretcher. His own experience had taught him to ask no ques- 32 tions and never to challenge those in authority. Having found it hopeless, Jack had long since given up trying to understand the reasons back of an order from those above him. If only he understood what he was to do, that ended his interest in what was said to him. Because of his many experiences in the past, it is even possible that Jack would have gone down to the shop if he knew the fool nature of his errand. Jack Kerrigan returned in the same dull way that he went, without saying a word. Slivers felt himself frustrated. He had got himself all set to give Jack the merry hah-hah ! when he got back ; but Jack's stolid, expressionless face and his cool, regular behavior puzzled Slivers. He frowned ; his face took on a hard, truculent expression as he tried to penetrate Jack's mask-like face, to get what was back of it. It worried Slivers. Jack's dull disinterestedness seemed real. What was Jack thinking about ? What was he planning ? Such utter indifference was a new experience to Slivers. It did not fit in with his past experiences. Slivers wanted to ask Jack what the girl in the office had said to him and why he hadn't brought the wire stretcher ; he wanted to ask the ques - tions and have them over with. But, somehow, Slivers did not dare. Jack was a foot taller than Slivers and weighed perhaps fifty pounds more, but that was not what intimidated Slivers. The size of his opponent had never worried him. That was precisely what made Slivers' present feeling so incomprehen - sible to him. Something was pressing against his confused brain and he could not make out what it was. To escape from this confusion, Slivers fled to his work. He became excess - ively busy, in a disorderly, haphazard way. Instead of picking out the pre - cise tool he wanted, he would snatch up the first one his glance alighted on ; finding that it was not the tool he wanted, he would fling it down, instead of replacing it in its proper pocket. It was then close to eleven o'clock. Ordinarily he would not have attempted to solder the leak in the spire that forenoon. The hour would have been spent getting the job ready for the afternoon. Under his present false pressure he was determined to do it at once. He procured a short ladder, ordered Jack to take the furnace and follow him, and he went up on to the roof. Because of the shape of the roof at that point there was no place to set the ladder down securely ; also the ladder was not long enough. But he quickly saw a way how to get around these difficulties. He set one leg of the ladder part-way up on the side of the slanting slate roof ; the other leg he held in his hands, shoulder high. Jack being taller would have to hold it only breast-high. He was strong enough. The job wasn't going to take ten minutes, once he got at it. 33 He set the furnace down in the copper gutter some feet behind them ; and, ordering Jack to watch him, he rehearsed the various operations. He again pushed the ladder part-way up on the roof, and pulled it erect, holding the near leg in his hands ; he then inclined the ladder so that it also rested against the steep side of the spire. Jack was to do what he had just seen him do. It would be easy for him. The main thing was to hold the ladder steady. That was the main thing. " If you shake it — Jesus Christ ! " He watched Jack to see that he did everything right. He tugged at his legs to make sure that they were resting securely. Everything was ready. He took up the pot of molten solder and the soldering iron in his right hand, and began to ascend the side of the roof, so that he would reach on a level with the farther leg of the ladder, leaning towards the left as he went up, like a runner making a sharp turn. The ladder moved slightly when Slivers put his whole weight on the first rung, and.it frightened Slivers • more than he could ac - count for. " Hold her steady, for God's sake ! " Slivers cried out in alarm. " You'll kill me ! " Jack made no reply. He leaned somewhat more heavily against the spire, and his knuckles showed whiter. Slivers had got to within two rungs of the top of the ladder and on the right level for doing the soldering. He moved his feet slightly, to make sure that he was standing all right ; after which he moved his shoulders several times, to see that nothing was binding him. Finding everything satisfactory, he began to transfer the pot of molten solder from his right hand to his left. In some inexplicable way, the pot struck the side of the ladder. Molten solder dashed over the side of the pot and onto Jack's right hand, splashed against the slates of the roof and into the copper gutter. For the fraction of second Sli - vers followed the course of the molten metal with his wild eyes. There was an instant sizzling and a sickening stench as the metal burned away the flesh of Jack's hand between the thumb and the first finger and between the first and second fingers and down the hand to the wrist. " For God's sake, Jack, hold her steady ! " Slivers cried in object terror. " I'm coming down. Hold her steady, Jack ; for God's sake, hold her steady ! " He nearly fell off the ladder it] scampering down, because of his clumsiness, whining all the while like a cowed dog about to receive a caning. His feet no sooner touched the roof then he began to cry. " Put down the ladder, Jack ; put down the ladder, for God's sake. " 34 vSlivers began to jump up and down and around Jack, whining, thrashing the air with his arms, his legs spread apart, almost doubled over, so that he pre - sented the appearance of a boy that is being beaten by his father. He still held on to the pot of solder. Jack Kerrigan put down the ladder, shook his hand with a wide sweep, and wiped it on the upper part of his left sleeve. His face was set hard and in - scrutable ; there was no way in which Slivers could learn what was going on behind it. " Let's go for a doctor, Jack ; let's go for a doctor/' Slivers cried in the same whining voice. He flung the pot from him off the roof ; and touching . Jack's arm, he began to lead the way off the roof, still whining, " Let's go for a doctor, Jack ; let's go for a doctor." Slivers led the way down the inside winding stairs, with Jack following close behind him. In the semi-darkness Slivers calmed down, watching the stairs, and looking up at Jack to make sure that he was following safely. They had got down to the ground and outside the church. Slivers looked up at Jack with timid, fearful eyes. It was all too much for Slivers. He could not undertand Jack at all; and he could not face all that had happened in the past few minutes ; and he did not know what might happen next, and he was terribly afraid. By a sudden shift, Jack placed himself in front of Slivers. " Square off!" Jack yelled in a wild, terrifying voice. "Square off! I've only got one arm. Square off ! " He held his right arm extended, moving rapidly in front of Slivers to cut off his possible escape. " For God's sake, Jack, what are you going to do to me ? " Slivers cried. The most object terror was in his voice. He was trembling, and his knees began to bend under him. Tears forced themselves into his eyes. " For God's sake — " " Square off ! " Jack yelled at him. Jack Kerrigan began to dance from one foot to the other in front of Slivers, rocking forward and back, never still for an instant, his left arm crooked, ready to smash. Little by little, Jack Kerrigan backed Slivers into a corner formed by a buttress. Slivers could not raise an arm. He could barely keep on his feet. Except for Jack Kerrigan's heavy breathing, there was not a sound. Slivers could not take his eyes from Jack. He had forgotten himself , he lost interest in himself and his possible fate. Nothing else now existed in the world except that strange being there moving in front of him, crowding upon him, moving in that strange way, in a silent world. 35 The next instant Jack Kerrigan leaped upon Slivers and clutched him by the throat. There was a sickening crash as Slivers' head smashed against the rough lime stone wall of the church. When the other workmen came running to the spot it was a life-time too late. Israel Solon 36 THE MANSION OF PEACE For the consideration of ultra-modern trends in music, no one, perhaps, is placed at a greater disadvantage than lam at this moment. In order to speak with credit, I should be struggling against the roar of the big city, the blasts of destruction and the shrieks of parturition. The beating of riveters should be my pulses ; the rapids of the rush-hour, my native element. I should hold rank in the councils of the metropolis and have a charge at the court of the mysterious woman, arrayed in purple and scarlet, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. I should come to with the clear and aggressive crow of a Jean Cocteau, with the clangor of a Marinetti and Russolo. Instead, I am tempted to quote you Michel de Montaigne or Lucius Annaeus Seneca. Instead, I am unbending in the stillness of a sleepy fishing town in Massachusetts, with nothing more exciting for music than the " divisions " of a fresh NE by E gale, the intermittent moan of a distant fog-horn, and the soothing swish of the tide at the foot of the yard. Instead, I am enveloped in the hush of a house built one hundred and one years before I was born, and in my spacious room the bead-work along the ceiling, around the doors, lovingly devised upon a chaste white mantle-piece, tell a long story of untir - ing patience, infinite leisure and quaint elegance. Worst of all: before sitting down at my table and putting pencil to paper, I tinkled on my thin-voiced " square " a faded song by Samuel Webbe, Esq. — " The Mansion of Peace. " There was appropriateness in it, after all. How to escape the influences that surround me, is a problem. And yet, on second thought, are these influences really so inimical to the task in hand ? Does not the relative detachment of this solitude bring with it the advantage of calmer judgment ? Have not the echoes of the past perhaps a bearing upon the sounds of to which my ear is straining ? The past of music is shorter than that of any other art. Music is all future ; it is not merely change ;so far it has always been growth. Yet, within the comparat - ively brief span that lies behind us, how much that is definitive, or was regarded as such by the generation which saw it come into existence ! Music affords us today the singular sensation of realizing Mr. George Bernard Shaw's latest ambition, — to attain the age of Methuselah. Under normal (not necessarily 37 ideal) conditions, I should double the present number of my years. Yet, al - ready I have lived long enough to remember the dissenters at Wagner's deifi - cation and now to witness M. Darius Milhaud's defiant " a bas Wagner ; " long enough to have seem young Strauss branded as Antichrist and now expos - ed as an old man with a bag of tricks ; long enough keenly to remember the magi - cal flowering of Debussy's " poisonous " garden, already marked by some as waste land and as dump heap. It seems but yesterday that Schoenberg's Five Orchestral Pieces startled us, and today we discover that if we take a score of Mahler's and put it. before a concave or a convex mirror such as the midway knows for the delight of country cousins ,we get exactly the same thing. Now for the " vSix, " and their followers, until they lastly resolve into the " One " — the comet with the trail of star dust — all this in half a lifetime ! The progress of music has been the conquest of discord, the liberation of the human ear. We are learning daily to hear new things and are trying to repeat them. At first we may stammer, but in the end we sing. If we could represent the whole substance of tone as a solid mass, we should trace the de - velopment of music by marking the earliest and faintest impressions made on its surface, then the pits, the gullies, shafts and vaulted galleries, which, honey - combing, we have wrought into this substance, until in intricacy it resemble the last bead of a Flemish rosary. Or we should show how climbing, from land - ing, to landing, the stairs of overtones, we entered one new chamber of sound after the other and made ourselves at home in each. Our youngest are impa - tiently skipping ahead, knocking at unopened doors, prompt to break them down if the lock will not yield. And the treasure they seek is a new thrill by virtue of new discords. What is discord ? An irritation of the aural nerve. A sesnsitive musician does not have to hear a discord, he need think it only to feel the same physical reaction in his ear. Why is discord ? Because its irritation emphasizes the sensuous element in tone, or what is most communicative in all music. Discord then, is something physiological and psychological. While musical art cannot do witnout it, aesthetically it has no standing, is not a settled quantity. This point bears remembering. Not merely for contrast, as a long list of aestheticians would have it, but for itself we have learned to demand it. We have no satisfactory explanation why it is that every discord should ultimately turn concord. But for this fact, the skein of music would never require un - tangling and re-winding. Were it a matter of contrast alone, that difference would be permanent, in spite of modifications ; for light is light in any strength, and snadow always kin to darkness. The tapping of tonal sources is something different, untranslatable in terms of any other art. It is not a case of find - ing new pigment; rather of slowly shedding a horny film, enabled gradually 38 to face more light, all the light. Yet, within that widening radiance the proportions of what we see, or hear, should prove constant; the projection of ourselves into the work of art should be imbued with the spirit of sincerity, passionate with the desire for fresh aspects of beauty. That point also bears remembering. And thus it shall always be, even though the new light should blind us for a moment, should distort our vision. Therefore the cries of " fraud, " until we blink no longer and have become accustomed to new focuses. There - fore the danger of forming habits at any time. Therefore the critic, who is — or should be — the helper with the adjusting lens, never so needed as when an added ray of brightness has been cast upon the farther distance. Beyond the remedying of astigmatism and myopia, his functions seldom go; unless, he be not only critic but crusader, not only interpreter but vivifier, preacher and artist in one. I have said that the progress of music lies in the assimilation by the ear of more and more complex sonorities, which anticipating genius divines, and the multitude at first refuses to accept. This has been, and still is, the con - tinual quarrel between advanced and retarded hearing. But the progress of music is twofold. The one road is marked by the milestones of plain chant, modal polyphony, the enharmonic scale of our tempered system, chro - maticism, polyharmony, and so forth. It is the essentially musical path. The second road, which runs parallel with (though quite independently of) the first, carries us successively through the eras of Church and Renaissance, Court and Baroque, Revolution and Romanticism, Socialism and Impressionism, Bolshevism and Post-Expressionism. It is the road of cultural development in general. The politico-social tenor of the times reflects, of course, on every art; this is not peculiar to music. The two roads represent definite and sepa - rate avenues. We may pick up music, in retrospect, on different points of either. For that reasons we are able to produce, for instance, the effect of a 17th-century Sarabande by musical means which belong to the chromatic epoch, without committing so much as an anachronism, provided the result be artist - ically satisfying. It is well to hold apart, in music, this dual development of form and contents. The whole and intricate web of civilization governs the first; it is the ear — and the aural sense alone, as transmitter of sound — which demands the second. And of that puzzling need of the ear we know nothing. Science owes us still the very first and fundamental explanation. But is that cause to be disturbed at the thought that music, as we conceive it today, may be but the crude beginning of an expansion and of wonders which we cannot dream ? So fax as goes the short hour of this life, the questioning look ahead is partly answered by the reassuring glance behind. Music is born in the heat of strife, 39 but it dwells in the mansion of peace. It is that bookcase there, with the friendly folios and octavos of yellowed leaves, which seems to confirm my suspicion that we are never very far from the center, turning ever around the same axis, ascending spirally at best, dropping excrescences and perversions by the wayside, outgrowing innumerable stages of childhood ? From the shelves beckon Monteverdi's " new discords in five parts " ; the " crudities "of Dr. Blow ; I/ully's " faux accords " ; the chorale harmonizations that got Johann Sebastian Bach into trouble with the worshipful Consistory at Arnstadt; Beethoven's last quartets which priggish Louis Spohr though eccentric, uncon - nected and incomprehensible, and in which he saw nothing but the composer's " constant endeavor to be original. " Now, this endeavor is justly shared by every new generation, but it is not given to every artist to be so. Here, finally, we have to reckon with individuality and genius. It is curious what rapid progress music has made since the advent of im - proved keyboard instruments, and what help this tastatura has afforded genius. The tempered scale may be a curse, but the keys that strike it have been a blessing undisguised. It would seem that instinct guides the hand, and that the hand awakens the ear. Bach's use of his hands, on ebony and ivory was a departure. So was his music. Mozart, the improvisor at the harpsichord, surpassed in daring the composer Mozart. Beethoven deaf, remembered his fingers ; the silent reading and hearing of notes is associated in the mind of many musicians with the playing of the music on an instrument. The three greatest musical innovators of the 19th century — Chopin, I r iszt and Debussy — wrote their best music for that unspeakable piano. And all that in a day when orchestral colors were growing ever richer and more subtle. The keyboard has been the experimental laboratory of music, and a note missed has often proved a hit, as a mixture wrongly compounded has been known to account for chemical discoveries. The experimenters are not through. Some of them seem all too reckless in their mixing. In consequence, their explosives do not deton - ate. Time is almost ripe for a new scale, composed of intervals smaller than halftones, and for a new keyboard instrument wherewith to sound them. The tendencies of modern music display again a kicking at the immediate past and a revulsion from accepted standards. Tonality is no longer a pre - requisite. Music is gaining new freedom by its unhampered transit through a variety of keys, without according to any of them a predominating or tyran - nical sway. Tonality has been a gauge for the ear. We are learning to do without that measure. Modulation may go by the board in the process, or at least modulation as we have heretofore understood it. For its charm consisted chiefly in the fact that after a digression it returned to the point of de - parture, or that it led into a new tonality with the inevitableness that made 40 the step convincing. But we shall be able to dispense with modulation in that sense much more readily when we realize that another characteristic of music, the motive or theme as a germinative factor, is being abolished. Modulation into other keys was an assistance and relief as long as, for structural reasons, the composer had to develop his motive, recapitulate his themes. With the element of vacuous imitation dropping into the discard, counterpoint is becoming more pliant, and less a matter of stencilled repetition. For the lost keys and tonalities, we shall win a firmer giasp on tone values in the meaning which paint - ers attach to color values that make a picture. Rhythm is falling into an am - pler gait ; the bar is removed and the rhythmic flow unloosened. Quicker mo - bility will replace architectural stiffness. Music may thus strive to become even more musical, by breaking its alliance with painting and poetry ; it may evolve a language more direct and specific. These are but a few of the principal which call for attention. The situation is not unlike that in which music found itself at various turns of the road when the cry for simplification was raised, when, " the sluices of inno - vation once thrown open, such torrents of incongruous opinions deluged the world, " that a seeming anarchy threw everything helterskelter. Boldness was the rejuvenating force in some of the Venetian madrigals ; expressionism was not unknown to the groping Prince of Venosa, whose modulations Burnay called " forced, affected and disgusting. " But it was Monteverdi who set the sear of genius on these extensions to the charter of harmony. The smaller form is always the favorite during an interregnum. It lends itself better to tentative methods. Moreover, there is another reason why our modern madrigalists should want to faive petit : as a protest against the endless music-dramas against longwinded symphonies. The miniature has come once more into its own as a crystallization of thought or mood. We live in an age of " columnists, the essay has given plaxe to the paragraph, the epic to the epigram. Music also has become paragraphic and epigrammatic. Orientalism, whicn had such far reaching influence on modern arts and letters, has added exotic variegation to our tonal speech. The hysteria of the moment finds vent in grotescjueness, exaggeration arid caricature. We have with us, inevitably, the false prophets- Some call it Gijt, and some New Light, A liberal art that costs no pains Of study, industry or brains. There are those to whom the spiritual side of music is poppy or mandragora. They have done with the B minor Mass of Bach, the Missa Solemnis of Beethoven not to mention the increasingly noisy thurifications of Berlioz and I^iszt. 41 These, or at least the two last, may be " mediocre composers. " But their spiritual exaltation was something we know not of today. We maybe reasonably safe in not expecting a Te Deum from Mr. Ravel, a Litany to Saint John Cry - sostomos from Mr. ProkofiefT, or a Passion according to Matthew from Mr. Strauss. Schoenberg is threatening to give us an oratorio. That settles him. God is not popular in art, these days. If lam not mistaken, Gauguin painted a livid, agonizing Christ in a Breton landscape. Yet we would hardly think of him, Picasso or Matisse as painters of altar pieces. The sacramental vest - ments of the church now serve as pillow covers or wall hangings, and we flip the ashes of our cigarette into a quattrocento censer.. The curio and bric-a-brac is the thing to emulate. But is all this stranger or more unnatural than was the florid, gilt, and festooned rococo ? Were those gallant abbes not worse than candid atheists ? To compare modern music with the cast of modern life, is to find its aim and drift. To delineate its conquests in the realm of " discord, " is to point to the latest unshackling of sound. And in all this, technique is but concomitant. Technique adjusts itself to the transformations of the material. Craftsmanship tells in the end, for it is one and indivisible with genius, requiring that union of skill and inspiration which shapes the masterpiece. The Wind is blowing up, the sea is getting frettish. Another back-log on the fire, for the night. And why should I have running through my head old Webbe's pallid tune ? Carl Engel 42 HEAVENS The Prolog. " So this, " I exclaimed with a ghostly facetiousness, " is Heaven ! " It was a vague, sprawling region with no definition of any sort. The place was soundless, lifeless, motionless, save for the continual rising and falling of gauzy curtains of clouds. Except for a pale, gray light wanly diffused, there was not a trace of color. " No, " said my guide, " you are now in The Limbo of Infinity, a vast stretch that some of our younger members have re-christened. The Neutral Zone. It is a kind of ante-chamber in which the guest is left to decide where he will go. " " But I have decided, " I replied, with anxious haste, " I want to go to Heaven. " " Which one ? " he asked. " Which one ? Why — er — are there more than one ? I gasjped. " There aie " he replied, " if the last census can be relied upon, exactly nine hundred and seventy-six of them, not including the three score or so of Secessionist, Extremist, Intimate, Neighborhood, Revolutionary, Village and Little Heavens that have clustered around the main, structures. The principal divisions date back to antiquity; the Movement for Separate Incorporation came in 1935 and was caused, first of all, by the astonishing series of reports by the Committee on Congested Districts. As everyone is aware, even the Infinite Void became crowded after the conversion of the Martians and Lunarians to your remarkable earthly standards. " I gulped, " But must I choose ? All I want is a comfortable cloud, a small harp and a neat, not too close-fitting halo. " "I am sorry, but that is the rule, " the assured me. " Besides, the acces - sories you mention have been discontinued. The Hygienic and Sanitary Cordon has prohibited the use of halos ; the Cumulus Division of the Efficiency Board has. taken over the control of clouds which were condemned as a menace to the Public Highways, and the Musician's Union, Etherial Local, number 13, has passed a by-law limiting the use of harps to holders of uncancelled cards. " " But" — " On the other hand, " he continued, " you should have no difficulty in se - lecting an appropriate sphere. What were you before you came here ? " 43 " A crit — a book-reviewer,'' I blushed. " Ah, " he beamed, " a lover of literature. " " A book-reviewer, " I insisted. " Well, " he went on, unheeding, " your place is obviously in a branch of the literary Heavens — just which one 1 can not say. Have you any favorite gods ? " " None in particular. That is, not now. I used to have my preferences and prejudices. " "You will regain them, "he chuckled. Gone but not forgotten' is true of characteristics that are not mentioned on tomb-stones. One of the delightful surprises awaiting the dear departed is the spectacle of one's cherished convic - tions now tricked out in cap-and-bells and attending the coronation of his pet aversion. But I digress. " " Don't apologize, " I hastened to add. " Digression is an art, not acci - dent. You w r ere saying" — " I was saying that a corner in one of the literary Realms should suit you admirably. Which would you prefer — the H. G. Wells Heaven, The Vers Libre Heaven, the Anatole France Heaven, the G. K. Chesterton Heaven, the Robert W. Chambers Heaven, the James Branch Cabell Heaven, the Freudian Heaven, the. . . — " " Heavens! " I exclaimed, not irreverently. " I could never decide offhand. Would it not be possible for me to try them first ? Not all of them, of course — just three or four of the more popular ones — or possibly a meagre half-dozen ? " I don't know, " he said dubiously, " It isn't done and it's not quite regu - lar. Still, there's no particular law against it. On the other hand — " "Be human, " I urged the angelic creature. " A day in each would do — a few hours — even a glimpse. " " Well, " he temporized, " the windows are tall but not so high If you could get a foothold on the sills, you could see and hear. They seldom shut the windows or draw the shades since the subconscious was discovered. You must be prepared for anything. I warn you. If you still have the curiosity and courage, I will lead you. Come. " I followed. The Heaven of Queer Stars The darkness was slashed with two intersecting bars of silver that split the sky. They lay on the monstrous clouds like two swords still shining with the faith of those who had swung them. They made, according to the view 44 of the beholder, the pattern of some stupendous hieroglyphic which man must either decipher or die, or the still simpler pattern which men have died to decipher : the pattern of a cross. Although the design did not change, the play of light was constantly shifting ; the two blades of brilliance flashed, burned and coruscated with colors that were as glittering and strange as a futurist poem or sunrise in the wrong quarter of the sky. It was a wild and spectacular radiance, so dazzling that the sparkle of the stars was wasted and every sun that flamed seemed a prodigal sun. One could perceive nothing else. One was, however, aware of a vast undercurrent of gaiety, a bright violence, that swept thiough space with the magnificent gusto of marching men or a March wind. It was as though some gigantic virtuoso were improvising vast runs and terrific chords of mirth on an orchestra of light, wood, winds and water. It rocked with benign and boisterous vigor ; an upheaval that was fervently humorous and furiously holy. (" I can't make head or tail of this. It's all so brilliantly confusing, " I com - plained to my guide. "My head is spinning — upside down. " " That's the effect the Chesterton Heaven has on everyone at first, " he assur - ed me " Wait a few moments ; the dazzle will wear off and you'll notice many - things as familiar as they are astonishing. See — the air is beginning to clear. ") A more diffused but no less vivid light spread itself over the sky. It picked out curious corners and kindled them till they shone like candled niches ; it soaked the gray fields of space till they burned like a battlefield ; it tipped the crests of sleeping clouds till they woke and shook their gilded plumes, like knights roused by the clashing of steel. The accolade of sunlight fell impar - tially on endless spires, titanic peaks, sacred pinnacles and a few T thousand spirits who had nothing in common but their uncommon size. There was not one figure in the crowds that was not six feet high and at least three feet wide. They were Gargantuan, globular, glorious. And, what is more, they were galumphing. They were, it became increasingly evident, the source and center of the mad gaiety that impelled their universe. Every one seemed bent on performing some athleticism more absurdly acrobatic than his fellow. Some were skipping on and off incredibly high walls, some were sliding down two-mile banisters, some springing up fan-like and fantastic trees, while others were continually erect - ing obstacles over which they would immediately bound like joyful and gigantic footballs. Still others, dressed, like mystical punchinellos, were playing leap - frog among the stars. In this excited universe there were only two figures that remained without motion. These tw r o, as though carved in Gothic stone, were seated on a low eminence, the position of which was as contradictory as the two who occupied it. One of this queer couple was a round, red-faced, blinking individual 45 who might have been either a butcher or a priest. The other had the indubit - able figure of a Greek poet and the face of a dubious Greek god ; his features were almost perfect except for a peculiarly long and peculiarly cleft chin. There was nothing angelic about him and yet he bore the unmistakable traces of one who had been one of God's angels. " You are wrong again. "he was saying. " There is no divinity in peace. There can be no such thing as a divine content. Discontent is the power that drives the worlds. The angry waters send storming regiments upon the earth — and new life appears. The placid waters collect scum on a stagnant lake — and breathe death on everything they touch. Men do not know where their deliverance lies nor who is their true deliverer. They grope — " " Sometimes they hold things beyond their grasp, " mildly interpolated the rubicund one. " They grope, " continued his companion, "in a darkness that is no less dark for being electric ; a darkness compared to which the so-called Dark Ages were, if I may be permitted the metaphor, a succession of brief but blinding shoot - ing-stars. Wild deeds and wilder thoughts may have reddened many a sanguine day ; but if the years shone like short-lived and sinister suns, at least they shone. " If you will pardon a — " " The blacksmith, " he went on, unheeding, " in those days had a position as dignified as the songsmith ; the armor he fashioned protected men by covering their bodies ; to-day the same iron destroys them since it has entered their souls. Hospitality was once something more than a weak invitation for a week-end. One could be sure of cakes and ale at every door-step, and every house was a public-house. They have turned with a disheartening docility, from the time - spirit to The Times. " "If you will pardon me, they have done nothing so radical, " objected the simpler person, "they have merely substituted the middle classes for the Middle Ages. " " They have done something far worse ; they have learned to worship only the middles ; either extreme is too much for them. And so they have become the creatures of their own creation. It used to be considered cheap, for instance, to own slaves. They have advanced economically ; they find it cheaper to be slaves ... In nothing is their slavery so apparent as in the fetters they place upon themselves. No longer do they cry out ' These things are un - worthy of us .' They ask, in an excess of humility, 'Are we worthy of our chains ?' If any of them bear a cioss, they insist that they are carrying on a new kind of physical culture. And thus, a lethargic content, a monstrous satisfaction has begun to sap their blood. It has crept, like some unnameable horror, into their 46 minds ; it lays its bloated hands upon the gyrations of the sun and twines its clammy fingers around the unconscious centuries. Dissatisfaction is their only remedy, their most potent saviour. Revolt is the heritage of a bountiful energy it is only the lack of it which is revolting. lam glad to know that the iconoclastic impulse is growing. lam happy to feel that every dawn is a novel and more startling experiment of that discontented spirit which we call Nature ; that, every time the earth revolves upon its axis, we have actually accomplished, with a quiet but terrible insurgence, a daily revolution. " "You are such an eloquent talker " said the other, a bit wistfully, " that I am sure you are wrong. The surprising beauty about the world and these hea - vens is not the fact that they are novel but that they are, what is even more sur - prising, very old. A novel thing is the least enduring thing in the world — even to the novelist. It is only something that is quite common or really old, like country wine or the belief in immortality, that is forever freshening and new. It is only the bright sins and black virtues celebrated by minor poets that deny the miracles of existence. " " And I deny them also ; " rejoined the saturnine being whose chin had somehow elongated into a pointed tuft of beard, " the best thing about mira - cles is that they can not possibly happen. " " The best and strangest thing about miracles, " quietly replied the combin - ation that was part Santa Claus and part Father Brown, " is that they are always happening. A decadent play-wright actually does lead an army that conquers a city. Steel floats in the air and leaps through the water. A man in London talks to a woman in Chicago without raising his voice. A fanatic in a corner of Europe precipitates a world war with a bomb, and a college president on the other side of the ocean stops it with a phrase. You see, the whole trouble with ordinary living is that it is such an extraordinary and wild succession of impossi - bilities ; a kaleidoscope of staggering surprises so continuous that, in the words of the American Dr. Harvey W. Fletcher, life is just one darn miracle after an - other. Look — \ " It was an exclamation so sharp that the voice was curiously flat. A con - course of stars had gathered while the two had been debating, and these luminaries were scattering largesses of light. During the last sentences they had grown larger and more animated ; their half-discernible faces shone with a brilliance that was better than good news told by a pessimist. They clustered about a radiant giant who held up his hand like a quivering baton. As it descend - ed, he began to beat the time for a lungeing measure and tremendous voices swept the sky. "The stars are singing ! " cried the defender of miracles, " The morning stars led by St. Rabelais ! " 47 And this, to a tune where panets set the tempo, where moons were quarter - tones and in which comets were grace-notes, were the words of the song The lanes that run through the Sussex downs Are spiced with a savory salt, And the crooked streets of Wess ex towns Are fruity with hops and malt; They've kegs of ale and rum for sale In fields where the Vie slips by ; And the roads that run through barleycorn Will lead you straight to Rye. The path dividing the Kensal Green Is sharp as a Christian sword; It cuts through poisonous alleys clean To the heart of the dark East ward. Its lamps are stars where the scimitars And the moons of the Orient toss, And you turn from the Golden Crescent To come to St. George's Cross. The ocean's path is a rolling track Where the shark can enjoy his feast, The jungle's maze is cruel and black With gods more brute than a beast. But England lies where the holy skies Are warmer than wine or home — And the roads that run to the ends of the earth With lead you' safe to Rome. " A very pretty catch, " sneered the spirit of negation, " very romantic and very ridiculous. " " Perhaps, " answered his opponent, more mildly than ever, " and yet the quality of ridicule is greater than you may imagine. Birth is a sublime adventure in the ridiculous — and what is death but a heroic return ; a transposition, I might say, from the ridiculous, to the sublime ! It is only the fool that fears being thought foolish for trumpeting trivialities. Trifles, alter all, are tremendous, simply because they are too obvious to be noticed by anybody but detectives and poets. It is not the fool who discovers the commonplace for us; it is the poet 48 who startles us with his own rapturous amazement upon discovering that the sky is still blue and that grass is even greener than the most modern nude by Matisse. It is not the fool fearing ridicule, but the brave man who can face an audience with nothing more startling than the news that God's in His Heaven that death ends all our troubles, and that a penny saved is a penny earned. It requires no hardihood to utter a glittering and anarchic sophistry. There is only one thing that takes all a man's courage to maintain — and that is a pla - titude. Here, thank the God of the Perfect Paradox, you will find only those daring champions who have never faltered in their allegiance to the obvious, who have devoted their hours to a contemplation of the sublime precision with which Spring follows Winter, and who have given their lives to prove the theory that two and two actually are four ! " " I can't stand this ! " screamed his saturnine opponent. " Talk — talk — talk ! I can't get a word in edgeways. Even Goethe gave me a better op - portunity. It isn't fair — it isn't — and I'll be roasted in my own fires if I stay here to make a Roman Catholic holiday. I'm going. " There was a spurt of flame and he vanished. Nothing remained of him but a slight smell of brimstone and a sulphur-yellow blot on the porphyry bench. The skies w T ere darkened for a moment as though a pointed shadow had lallen over them ; a wailing cry xose from the gutters and ended among the stars. " Too bad, " sighed the benign dialectician, " I think I almost convinced him. " He sighed again, lifting an empty tankard. FIRST INTERMISSION (" Now 's your chance, " whispered my guide " His back is turned and you could slip in here for a while. Shall I help you through ? " "No thanks, " I said, " I'm not as keen for the Chesterton Heaven as I thought I would be. I'm only a mild agnostic and I could never be happy in an atmosphere where, in order to outdo the other heretics, I would have to embrace the last of all he - resies — Orthodoxy. I admit the undeniable exhilaration gained by walking on one's head, but one can overdo this cerebral pedestrianism. And in such a position there is always the possibility not only of talking through one's hat but the graver danger of thinking through one's shoes. Besides, lam far 100 dizzy to attempt it. Haven t you something else to offer — something less scintillating and more static, something controlled not so much by rhodomontade as by reason? " " Very well " he acquiesd, " I'll take you to the most scientific and rational Heaven we've ever had. Come along. " I came). F. Leger. Les Disques. 4 50 THE HEAVEN OF THE TIME-MACHINE § I. You must imagine a vast laboratory — a tremendous affair of several thou - sand miles — stretching its spotless length of Albalune (a by-product of moon - dust that had superseded all wood-work and tilings since 2058), reflecting only the purest of celestial colors. An intricate network of rapidly moving runways spanned the stars ; myriads of spinning platforms threaded the upper reaches which were reserved for aerocars, travelling at speeds of three hundred miles an hour and upward. The introduction of a dozen new metals in 1970 — especially Maximite, Kruppium and Luxpar, to name the three chief members of the important Iridio-Aluminoid family — had revolutionized aerial traffic and when, a half century later, the full power of atomic energy was released ana exploited, land travel ceased entirely. The whirling streets flashed by in a maelstrom of sound. Huge trumpets, grotesquely curved to resemble calla lilies blared eter - nity's oldest scandals and its newest advertisements with an impartial clamour. " Harrumph ! Harrumph ! Baroom ! Look slippy ! All the latest styles in latter-day creeds ! Special Bargains To-Day in Neo-Paganism. Large Assort - ment ! Baroom ! Ham's Halos for Happiness ! Ask Adam — He Knows ! Harrumph ! Harrumph ! " § 2. Down one of these runways, seated on a machine not unlike a twentieth cen - tury bicycle but far more delicate and equipped with dozens of sensitive antennae, advanced a figure. You had to look twice at his fantastic costume to assure yourself that this was a man. You figure him a sallow, plumpish person, a little over mid - dle size and age, bespectacled, and with a thinning of the hair on his dolicocephalic head — a baldness, if one examined closely, that might have been covered by a shilling. His clothes, conforming to the etherial fashion, were loosely draped rather than tubular ; woven of some bright semipneumatic material, ingeniously inflated to suggest a sturdiness not naturally his. All vestiges of hair had been extracted by a capillotomist early in his youth and a neat translucent head-dress, not unlike a cap, was fastened to his scalp by means of suction. You must picture him borne down one of these ribbons of traffic, past the harr and boom of the Blare Machines, to a quiet curve (corners and all dust-collecting angles had long since vanished from architecture) half-screened off by a translucent substance 51 resembling milky glass ... In the centre of this chamber on a pedestal of weights and measures, stood a crystal ball that seemed to have a luminous quality of its own ; clouds, colours, half-defined shapes writhed within it; a faint humming seemed to emanate from its now sparkling, now nebulous core. Fastening three of the web-like filaments of the machine to the globe, he pressed a series of studs along what seemed to be the crank-shaft, spun the sphere with a gyroscopic motion and brought it gradually to where a violet ray pierced the ramparts. The light within the crystal ball grew brighter, turned orange, then flame-colour, then prismatic in its fire, exhausting the spectrum until it assumed an unwa - vering brilliance. This play of colours was reflected in the features of the crys - tal-gazer ; his expression, almost kaleidoscopic in its changes, was in quick succession, imaginative, philosophic, extravagant, metaphysical, romantic, quiz - zical, analytic, middle-class, historical, prophetic. {" Who is it ?" I whispered in an awestruck undertone to my super - terrestrial companion. "Am I actually gazing on God, the Invisible King ? " " Scarcely, " replied the unabashed angel. " Those varying features belong to a more local divinity : Wells, the Divisible God. " " But look — "7 exclaimed, " he is drawing nearer. . , He is stop - ping. . . immediately beneath us .. . We can even see what is happening inside the crystal. . . Look — ! ") § 3. It is very hard to tell precisely what period was registering itself in the heart of that amazing crystal. One saw walls quite plainly, a table with shaded lamp, books, chairs. From the conversation between the two men — they were both in their aggressive' thirties — the place seemed to be England some time in the Nineteen Twenties. The older one, whose name was something incongruously like Fulpper, had a trick of waving his arms whenever words failed him, finishing his expansive sentences with a rush of onomatopoetic sound. "We can't wait for wisdom, Balsmeer, " you hear him saying, " Life goes too damn fast. We start off at a fair pace, increase our speed a little, lag behind, try to catch up and, first thing you know — whooosh ! That's what the whole business is : an immense and hideous scramble, an irresistible race ending in heart-break and — whooosh ! " " But isn't there such a thing as the scientific temperament; something that is not carried away so passionately ? " inquired Balsmeer. " Meaning — ? " 52 " Well, " continued the younger chap, " I'm what you might call a serious sociological student. I'm earnest straight through. No humor to speak of. No romance. I stumble over bright and beautiful things. .. missing most of 'em, I dare say, but getting on fairly well without 'em. I know there are high ecstasies in the world — splendid music, extraordinary women, stupendous ad - ventures, great and significant raptures — but they are just so many abstrac - tions to me. Scientific truth is the least accessible of mistresses ; she disguises herself in unlovely trappings ; she hides in filthy places ; she is cold, hard, un - responsive — but she can always be found ! She is the one certainty, the one radiance I have found in a muddle of dirt and misery and disease. " " And don't you see, " pursued Fulpper with exuberant warmth, " that this same Science of yours is the very Romance, you're running away from ? This whole mechanistic age with its oiled efficiency, its incalculable energy and speed and — whizz. . . What's it all for anyway ? Just to make traffic go quicker ? To get the whole mess revolving faster ? Not a bit of it! Your Research and my Romance are blood-brothers — or dual personalities, to be more exact... I seem to see — wait a minute ! — I seem to see a time when this Science will be revealed not so much as the God from the Machine as a god within it. A socialized thing. A lessener of stupid an unnecessary labor. A force to end the criminal exploitation of men by man. A power to finish, once . and for all, the muddle and waste and confusion that destroy the finest human possibilities " Yes, " Balsmeer conceded, " but — " "I'm coming to that, " continued Fulpper. " That's where Love and Re - fined Thinking — grnr ! — meet as enemies. Mr. and Mrs. Grundy won't be able to debase the latter and foul the former. Knowledge — a full, frank knowledge — is going to change all that ". " But innocence — "It may go. We've tasted the fruit of the tree. You can't have your apple and eat it, any more than Adam could. But there's something better than innocence. There's a fiercer virginity, a more courageous and affiimative pu - rity in wisdom. No more dark whisperings. No more poisonous insinuations, nasty suggestiveness. No more music-hall smut, no French farce allusions. No more smirching of impulses that are as beautiful as art and as clean as chemistry. No more nightmares of adolescence ;no more muddling up to sex. This, please my God or your Science, will cease to be world of the bully, the enslaved woman the frightened child — the domain of the mud-pelter, the hypocrite, the pro - fessional diplomat. It will no longer be the world of the underworld, the cesspool, the liver-fluke ..." His voice trailed off, incontinently . . . 53 § 4. The crystal became suddenly opaque. For a few minutes there was absolute silence. Then a faint clicking began ; invisible pistons tapped out a delicate rhythm. The tympani increased both in volume and speed. A lever shot out from the very heart of the mechanism and the dials of the Time Machine began to register new eras. The radiometer clicked off years, decades, centuries, millenials. . . Presently the hands stopped. The diffused light within the ball resolved itself ; a gray-blue mist lifted from a strange landscape as the magnetic arrow pointed to 5,320,506. § 5. It was, as I have said, a strange landscape. There was no color, no motion, not a sign of vegetation. Even as the darkness disappeared, the sun, a great greenish disc half the size of the heavens, sprang out of the icy sea. The pla - nets were drawing nearer together for the the final debacle. The rocks on the shore were covered with frozen rime ; the shadow of Mars, a dark clinker as round as the forgotten moon, covered the ground. It fell on the faces of the two who sat as if carved, at the mouth of their subterranean tunnel. They were swathed in bands of electrons ; what showed of their faces was bloodless. Their lips did not move — the organs of speech had disappeared during the second stages of tele - pathic communication — and only the minute dilations of the pupils during some emotional passage, animated their chiselled immobility. You picture them sit - ting there, strangely . . . "The waste of it .. . the hideous waste of it, " you figure him flashing this to her, " What's the whole push and struggle for ? Is every generation to be at the beginning of new things, never at a happy ending ? Always prodded or prodding itself on with dreams, half-perceived vistas ? " " My dear . . . " her eyes remonstrated. " It's you and I against the world, "he telepathed. I guess it's always been that. Two alone against the welter of mud and ugliness, dulness, obstinacy ; two tiny rebels against a world frozen with hate and hypocrisy ... The pity and shame of it .. . The shabbiness of it all ... " " But, dear, " she challenged, " the human race is still so young. It is still learning to progress. " " Progress ! " his pupils contracted. "We are as sunk in apathy and ignorance as our mythical ancestors in the pre-historic twentieth century. gress is a shibboleth. It's worse — a religion that everyone professes and no - body believes in. Where are we now ? Education has lost itself in the schools, 54 Sex has been buried in lies and lingerie. Science is fuddling over its dead bones, trying to reconstruct the brain-cells of the Post-Wilsonian man .. . Progress ! Until this icy earth falls at last into a solid sun, millions of us will come out of our burrows to question what it all means... Here, — at the very mouths of our undei ground tunnels, — man once walked, warm and careless and secure And here, before that, life ran prodigally on every inch of the surface .. . Here the long-necked Brontosaurus waded and the Diplodocus thrashed his thirty - foot tail among the muggers. Here the giant Moa screamed as the Hesperornis, those wingless birds, pursued the fishes through the Mesozoic waters. Here the Protohippus pranced on his three toes and the Tyrannosaurus, buoyed up by fertile mud, preyed on the happy herbivores . . And all for what ?. . . " For something it will be hard to answer but harder to deny, " she communed intensely, " for some transfiguration, some sort of world cleansed of its crippling jealousies its spites, its blunderings. . . After all, there is a long time ahead. Man has existd for little more than five or six million years. We are still so new... The future is so enormous, so staggering, so superb. L,ife is forever young . . . forever eager . . Men will, in some distant maturity, unify their scattered dreams and energies. Even death will be a part of the great integration. And, whether we die or live, mankind is in the making .. . Old world are being exchanged for new. Utopias, anticipations, unguessed brotherhoods, the conquest of earth and the stars .. . All so slowly but so confidently, in the making .. . § 6. The picture faded out, dissolving imperceptibly, until the ball paled to a mere glassy transparency .. . The figure in the machine suddenly became ener - getic. He wheeled about, took his hands from the controlling levers and touched a series of buttons on delicate, jointed rods which terminated in a set of metal hieroglyphs. First one was struck, then another, then a swift succession of notes. The fingers flew faster, as though they sought to wrest some harmony from the heart of the machine ... For some time, nothing else was heard but tap, click — tap, tap, tap — click — tap — fting ! — as the typewri - ter was driven on through space. (To be continued) Louis Untermeyer 55 FISH It is the whales that drive the small fish into the fiords. * I have seen forty or fifty of them in the water at one time. I have been in a little boat. when the water was boiling on all sides of us from them swimming underneath. The noise of the herring can be heard nearly a mile. So thick in the water, they are, you can't dip the oars in. All silver ! Men call from the cliffs or blow horns that the fishermen shall go down to the shore to their boats and nets to make the catch. And all those millions of fish must be taken, each one, by hand. The women and children pull out a little piece under the throat with their fingers so that the brine gets inside. I have seen thousands of barrels packed with the fish on the shore. 56 In winter they set the gill-nets for the cod. Hundreds of them are caught each night. In the morning the men pull in the nets and fish altogether into the boats. Cod so big— I have seen — that when a man held one up above his head the tail swept the ground. Sardines, mackerel, anchovies all of these. And in the rivers trout and salmon. I have seen a net set at the foot of a falls and in the morning sixty trout in it. But I guess there are not such fish in Norway nowadays. On the Lofoten Islands — till I was twelve. Not a tree or a shrub on them. But in summer with the sun never gone the grass is higher than here. The sun circles the horizon. Between twelve and one at night it is very low, near the sea, to the north. Then it rises a little, slowly, till midday, then down again and so for three months, getting higher at first, then lower, until it disappears — In winter the snow is often as deep as to the ceiling of this room. 57 If you go there you will see many Englishmen near the falls and on the bridges fishing, fishing. They will stand there for hours to catch the fish. Near the shore where the water is twenty feet or so you can see the kingflounders on the sand. They have red spots on the side. Men come in boats and stick them with long pointed poles. Have you seen how the Swedes drink tea ? So, in the saucer. They blow it and turn it this way and that: so. Tall, gaunt great drooping nose, eyes dark circled, the voice slow and smiling : I have seen boys stand where the stream is narrow a foot each side on two rocks and grip the trout as they pass through. They have a special way to hold them, in the gills, so. The long fingers arched like grapplehooks. Then the impatient silence while a little man said : The English are great sportsmen. At the winter resorts where I stayed they w T ere always the first up in the morning, the first 58 on with the skiis. I once saw a young Englishman worth seventy million pounds —- You do not know the north. — and you will see perhaps the huldra with long tails and all blue, from the night, and the nekke, half man and half fish. When they see one of them they know some boat will be lost. William Carlos Williams 59 TWO UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS I Doce dias son pasados despues que el Cid acabdra ; aderezanse las gentes para salir a batalla con Bucar ese rey moro •y contra la su canalla. Cuando fuera, media noche el cuerpo asi como estaba le ponen sobre Babieca. . y al caballo lo ataban. And when the army sallied out of Valencia, the Moors of king Bucar fled before the dead body of the Cid and ten thousand of them were drowned trying to scramble into their ships, among them twenty kings, and the Christians got so much booty of gold and silver among the tents that the poorest of them be - came a rich man. Then the army continued. The dead Cid, riding each days' journey on his horse, across the dry mountains to Sant Pedro de Cardeha in Castile where the king Don Alfonso had come from Toledo, and he seeing the Cid's face still so beautiful and his beard so long and his eyes so flaming, ordered that instead of closing the body in a coffin with gold nails, they should set it upright in a chair beside the altar, with the sword Tizona in its hand. And there he stayed more than ten years. Mando que no se enter rase sino que el cuerpo arreado se ponga junto al altar y a Tizona en la su mano asi estuvo mudio tiempo que fueron mas de diez anos. 60 In the pass above people were skiing. On the hard snow of the road there were orange skins. A victoria had just driven by in which sat a bored inflated couple much swathed in furs. — Where on earth are they going ? — To the Puerta de Navecerrada, my friend answered. — But they look as if they'd be happier having tea at Molinero's than paddling about up there in the snow. — They would be, but it's the style . . . winter sport . . . and all because a lithe little brown man who died two years ago liked the mountains. Before him no Madrileno ever knew the Sierra existed. — Who was that ? — Don Francisco Giner. That afternoon when it was already getting dark we were scrambling chilled, our faces lashed by the snow, down through drifts from a shoulder of Siete Picos with the mist all about us and nothing but the track of a flock of sheep for a guide. The light from a hut pushed a long gleaming orange finger up the mountain-side. Once inside, we pulled off our shoes and stockings, and toasted our feet at a great fireplace round which were flushed faces, glint of teeth in laughter, schoolboys and people from the university shouting and declaiming, a smell of tea and wet woollens. Everybody was noisy with the rather hysteric - al excitement that warmth brings after exertion in cold mountain air. Cheeks were purple and tingling. A young man with fuzzy yellow hair told me a story in French about the Emperor of Morocco, and produced a tin of potted black - birds which it came out were from the said personage's private stores. Unend - ing fountains of tea seethed in two smoke-blackened pots on the hearth. In the back of the hut among leaping shadows were piles of skis and the door occas - ionally opened to let in a wet snowy figure and shut again on skimming snow gusts. Everyone w T as rocked with enormous jollity. Then train-time came suddenly and we ran the miles to the station crashing down the rocky path. In the third class carriage people sang songs as the train jounced its way towards the plain and Madrid. The man who sat next to me asked me if I knew it was Don Francisco who had had that hut built for the children of the Institucion Libre de Ensefianza. Little by little he told me the history of the Krausistas and Francisco Giner de los Rios and the revolution of 1873, a story like enough to many others in the annals of the nineteeth century movement for education but in its overtones so intimately Spanish and individual, that it came as the explanation of many things I had been wondering about and gave me an inkling of some of the origins of a rather special mentality I had noticed in people I knew about Madrid. Somewhere in the' forties a professor of the Universidad Central, banz de Rio, was sent to Germany to study philosophy on a government scholarship. Spain was still in the intellectual coma that had followed the failure of the Cor - tes of Cadiz and the restoration of Fernando Septimo. A decade or more be- 61 fore, Larra, the last flame of romantic revolt, had shot himself for love in Ma - drid. In Germany at Heidelberg, Sanz del Rio found dying Krause, the first arch- priest who stood interpreting between Kant and the world When he re - turned to Spain he refused to take up his chair at the university, saying he must have time to think out his problems, and retired to a tiny room with one window in the town of Illescas, where was another student, Grecos San Ildefonso. There he lived several years in seclusion. When he did return to his post in the university, it was to reiuse to make ths profession of political and religious faith lequired by a certain prime ministei named Orovio. He was dismissed and several of his disciples. At the same time Francisco Giner de los Rios, then a young man who had just gained an appointment with great difficulty because of his liberal ideas, resigned out of solidarity with the rest. In 1868, came the liberal revolution which was the political expression of this whole move - ment and all these professors were reinstated. Until the restoration of the Bourbons in '75 Spain was a hive of modernization, Buropeanization. Returned to power, Orovio lost no time in republishing his decree of a pro - fession of faith. Giner, Ascarate, Salmeron and several others were arrested and exiled to distant fortresses when they protested; their friends declared them - selves in sympathy and lost their jobs, and so many others resigned that the university was at one blow denuded of its best men. From this came the idea of founding a free university which should be supported entirely by private sub - scription. From that moment the life of Giner de los Rios was completelv entwined with the growth of the Institution Libre de Ensenanza, which developed in the course of a few years into a coeducational primary school. And directly or indirectly there is not a single outstanding figure in Spanish life today whose development was not largely influenced by this dark slender baldheaded old man with a white beard, whose picture one finds on men's writing desks. . . . Oh, si, llevad, amigos, su cuerpo a la Montana a los azules montes del ancho Guadarrama. Wrote his pupil, Antonio Machado — and I rather think Machado is the pupil whose name will live the longest — after Don Francisco's death in 1915. . . . Yes, carry, friends his body to the hills, to the blue peaks of the wide Guadarrama 62 There are deep gulches of green pines where the wind sings. There is rest for his spirit under a cold live oak in loam full of thyme, where play golden butterflies . . . There the master one day dreamed new flowerings for Spain. These are fragments from an by Juan Ramon Jimenez, another poet pupil of Don Francisco : " Don Francisco ... It seemed that he incarnated all that is tender and keen in life ; flowers, flames, birds, peaks, children. . . Now, stretched on his bed, like a frozen river that perhaps still flows under the ice, he is the clear path for endless recurrence .. . He was like a living statue of himself, a statue of earth of wind, of water, of fire. He has so freed himself from the task of every day that talking to him we might have thought we were talking to his image. Yes. One would have said he wasnt going to die : that he had already passed, without anybody's knowing it, beyond death, that he was with us forever, like a spirit. "In the little door of the bedroom one already feels well-being. A trail of the smell of thyme and violets that comes and goes with the breeze from the open window leads like a delicate hand towards where he lies. . . Peace. All death has done has been to infuse the color of his skin with a deep violet veiling of ashes. " What a suave smell, and how excellent death is here ! No rasping es - sences, none of the exterior of blackness and crepe. All this is white and unclutt - ered, like a hut in the fields in Andalucia, like the whitewashed portal of some garden in the south. All just as it was. Only he who was there has gone. " The day is fading, with a little wind that has a premonition of spring. In the window-panes is a confused mirroring of rosy clouds. The blackbird, that he must have heard for thirty years, that he'd have liked to have gone on hearing dead, has come to see if he's listening. Peace. The bedroom and the garden strive quietly, light against light : the brightness of the bedroom is stronger and glows out into the afternoon. A sparrow flutters up into the sudden stain with which the sun splashes the top of a tree and sits there 63 twittering. In the shadow below the blackbird whistles once more. Now and then one seems to hear the voice that is silenced for ever. " How pleasant to be here ! It's like sitting beside a spring, reading under a tree, like letting the stream of a lyric river carry one away. . . And one feels like never moving : like plucking to infinity, as one might tear roses to pieces, these white full hours ; like clinging forever to this clear teacher in the eternal twilight of this last lesson of austerity and beauty. " Municipal Cemetery " it says on the gate so that one may know of that other sign, Catholic Cemetery opposite. " He didn't want to be buried in that cemetery, so opposed to the smiling savorous poetry of his spirit. But it had to be. He'll still hear the black - birds of the familiar garden. — After all, says Cossio, I dont think he'll be sorry to spend a little while with Don Julian . . . " Careful hands have taken the dampness out of the earth with thyme : on the coffin they have thrown roses, narcissus, violets. There comes, lost, an aroma of last evening, a bit of the bedroom from which they took so much away . . . " Silence. Faint sunlight. Great piles of cloud full of wind drag frozen shadows across us, and through them flying low, black grackles. In the distance, Guardarrama chaste beyond belief lifts crystals of cubed white light. Some tiny bird trills for a second in the sown fields nearby that are already vaguely greenish, then lights on the creamy top of a tomb, then flies away . . . " Neither impatience nor carping slowness and forgetfulness .. . Silence. In the silence, the voice of a child walking through the fields, the sound of a sob hidden among the tombstones, the wind, the broad wind of these days.. . . " I've seen occasionally a fire put out with earth. Innumerable little tongues spurted from every side. A pupil of his who was a mason made for this extinguished fire its palace of mud in a piece of earth two friends kept free. He has at the head a euonimus, young and strong, and at the foot, already full of sprouts with coming spring, an acacia ..." Round El Pardo the ever-green oaks, encinas, are scattered sparsely, tight round heads of blue green, over hills that in summer are yellow like the haunches of lions. From Madrid to El Pardo was one of Don Francisco's favorite walks, out past the jail where over the gate is an echo of his teaching : « Abhor the crime but pity the criminal; " past the palace of Moncloa with its stately abandoned gardens, and out along the Manzanares by a road through the royal 64 domain, where are gamekeepers with shot guns and signs of " Beware the man - traps ; " then up a low hill from which one sees the Sierra Guadarrama piled up" against the sky to the north, greenish snowpeaks above long blue foothills, and all the foreground rolling land full of clumps of encinas; and at last into the little village with its barracks and its delapidated convent and its plane trees in front of the mansion Charles V built. It was under an encina near El Pardo that I sat all one long morning r ading up in reviews and textbooks on the theory of law the life and opinions of Bon Francisco. In the moments when the sun shone, the heat made the sticky cistus bushes with their glistening white flowers all about me reek with pungence. Then a cool wisp of wind would bring a chill of snow slopes from the mountains and a passionless indefinable fragrance of distances. At intervals, a church bell would toll in a peevish importunate manner from the boxlike convent on the hill opposite. I was reading an account of the philosophical concept of monism, cudgelling my brain with phrases : " And his fervent love of nature made the master evoke occasionally in class this beautiful image of the great poet and philosopher Schelling: Man is the eye with which the spiiit of nature contemplates itself, and then having qualified with a phrase Schelling's expression, he would turn on those who see in nature a manifestation of the rough, the gross, the instinctive, and offer for meditation this saying of Michelet : Cloth woven by a weaver is just as natural as that a spider weaves. All is in one Being, all is in the Idea and for the Idea, the latter being understood in the way platonic substantialism has been interpreted ...» In the grass under my book were bright fronds of moss, among which very small red ants performed prodigies of mountaineering, while through tramped tunnels long blacks ants scuttled darkly, glinting when the light struck them. The smell of cistus was intense, hot, full of spices as the narrow streets of an oriental town at night. In the distance the mountains piled up in zones, olive green, Prussian blue, ultramarine, ice-white. A cold windgust turned the pages of the book : " Thought and passion, reflection and instinct, affections, emotions, impulses collaborate in the rule of custom which is revealed not in words declared and promulgated in view of future conduct, but in the act itself, tacit, taken for granted, or, according to the energetic expression of the Digest: rebus et factis. " Over factis sat a little green and purple fly with the body curved under at the tail. I wondered vaguely if it was a May-fly. And then all of a sudden it was clear to me that these books, these dusty philosophical phrases, these mortuary articles by official personages were dimming the legend in my mind, taking the brilliance out of the indirect but extraordinarily personal impact, of the man himself. They embalmed the Cid and set him up in the church with his in his hand, for all men to see. What sort of legend would a 65 5 technical disquisition by the archbishop on the Cid's theory of the angle of ma - chiculations have generated in men's minds ? And what can a saint or a soldier or a founder of institutions leave behind him durable, but a legend ? Certainly it is not for the Franciscans that one remembers Francis of Assisi. And the curious thing about the legend of a personality is that it ma}' reach the highest fervor without being formulated. It is something by itself that stands behind anecdotes, death notices, elegies. In Madrid at the funeral of another of the great figures of nineteenth century Spain, Perez Galdos, I stood on the curb beside a large-mouthed youth with a flattened toad-like face who was balancing a great white metal jar of milk on his shoulder. The plumed hearse and the carriages full of flowers had just passed, ihe scieet in front 01 us was a slow stream of people very silent, their feeL shuffling, shuffling, feet in patent leather shoes and spats, feet in square -toed shoes, pointed-toed shoes, alpargatas, canvas sandals ; people along the sidewalks seemed unable to resist the suction of it, joined in unostentatiously to follow if only a few moments the procession of the legend of Don Benito. The bo;y with the milk turned to me and said how lucky it was they were burying Saldos, he'd have an excuse for being late for the milk. Then suddenly he pulled his cap ofi, became enormously excited and began offering cigarettes to everyone round about. Pie scratched his head, and said in the voice of a Saul stricken 011 ihe road to Damascus ... How many books he must have written that gentleman ! Carrajo !. . . It makes a fellow sorry when a gentleman like that dies, and shouldering his pail, his blue tunic fluttering in the wind, he joined the procession. Like the milk boy, I found myself joining the procession of the legend of Giner de los Rios. That morning under the encina I closed up the volumes on the theory of law and the bulletins with their death-notices and got to my feet and looked over the tawny hills of El Pardo, and thought of the little lithe bald-headed man with a white beard like the beard in El Greco's portrait of Covarruoias, who had taught a generation to love the tremendous contours of their countiy, to climb mountains and bathe in cold torrents, who was the first, it aimost seems, to feel the tragic beauty of Toledo, who in a lifetime of courageous unobtrusive work managed to stamp all the men and women whose lives remotely touched his with the seal of his personality. Born in Ronda in the wildest part of Andalusia of a family that came from Velez-Malaga, a white town near the sea in the rich fringes of the Sierra Nevada, he had die mental agility, the sceptical tolerance and the uproarious good nature of the people of that region, combined with the sobriety and sinewiness of a mountaineer. His puritanism became a definite part of the creed of the hopeful discontented generations that are gradually, for better or for worse 66 remoulding Spain. His nostalgia of the north of fjords where fir trees hang over black tidal waters, of blonde people cheerful, orderly, in rectangular blue-tiled towns became the gospel of Europeanization, of wholesale destruc - tion of all that was individual, savage, African in the Spanish tradition. Rebus et factis. And yet none of these things and acts do much to explain the pe - culiar radiance of his memory, the jovial tenderness with which people tell one about him. The immanence of the man is such that even an outsider, one who, like the milk boy at the funeral of Galdos, meets the procession accidentally with another errand in his head, is drawn in almost without knowing it. It is impossible to think of him in a box in unconsacrated ground in the Cementerio Civil. In Madrid, in the little garden of the Institution where he used to teach the children, in front of a certain open fire in a certain house at El Pardo where they say he loved to sit and talk, I used to half expect to meet him, that some friend would take me to see him as they took people to see the Cid in Sant Pedro de Cardena. Cara tiene de her mo sura muy hermosa y colorada; los ofos igual abiertos muy afiuesta la su barb a. Non parece que esta muerto antes vivo semejaba. II Although Miguel de Unamuno was recently condemned to fifteen years imprisonment for lese majeste for some remark made in an article published in a Valencia paper, no attempt has been made either to make him serve the term or to remove him from the chair of Greek at the University of Salamanca. Which proves something about the efficacy of the stand Giner de los Rios and his friends made fifty years before. Furthermore, at the time of the revolutionary attempt of August 1917 the removal of Bestiero from his chair caused so many of the faculty to resign and such universal protest that it was restored to liim, although he was an actual member of the revolutionary committee and at that time under sentence for life. In 1875, after the fall of the republic it had been in the face of universal popular reaction that the Krausistas founded their free university. The lump is leavened. But Unamuno. A Basque from the country of living in Salamanca in the highest coldest part of the plateau of Old Castile, in many senses the op- 67 posite of Giner de los Rios who was austere as a man on a long pleasant walk who doesn't overeat or overdrink so that the walk may be longer and pleasanter, while Unamuno is austere religiously, mystically. Giner de los Rios was the champion of life, Unamuno is the champion of death. Here is his creed, one of his creeds from the preface of the Vida de Don.Quijote y Sancho : " There is no future : there is never a future. This thing they call the fu - ture is one of the greatest lies. Today is the real future. What shall we be tomorrow ? There is no tomorrow. What about us today, now; that is the only question. " And as for today, all these nincompoops are thoroughly satisfied because they exist today, mere existence is enough for them. Existence, or - dinary naked existence fills their whole soul. They feel nothing beyond existence. " But do they exist ?. Really exist? I think not, because if they did exist, if they realty existed, existence would be suffering for them and they wouldn't content themselves with it. If they really and truly existed in time and space, they would suffer not being of eternity and infinity. And this suffering, this passion, what is it but the passion of God in us ? God who suffers in us from our temporariness and finitude ; that divine suffering will burst all the puny bonds of logic with which they try to tie down their puny memories and their puny hopes, the illusion of their past and the illusion of their future. " Your Quixotic madness has made you more than once speak to me of Quixotism as the new religion. And I tell you this new religion you propose to me, if it hatched, would have two singular merits. One that its founder, its prophet, Don Quixote — not Cervantes — probably wasn't a real man of flesh and blood at all, indeed we suspect that he was pure fiction. And the other merit would be that this prophet was a ridiculous prophet, people's butt and laughing-stock. " What we need most is the valor to face ridicule. Ridicule is the arm of all the miserable barbers, bachelors, parish priests, canons, and dukes who keep hidden the sepulchre of the Knight of Madness. Knight who made all the world laugh but never cracked a joke. He had too great a soul to bring forth jokes. They laughed at his seriousness. " Begin then, friend, to do the Peter the Hermit and call people to join you, to join us, and let us all go win back the sepulchre even if we dont know where it is. The crusade itself will reveal to us the sacred place. 68 " Start marching ! Where are you going ? The star will tell you: to the sepulchre ! What shall we do on the road while we march ? What ? Fight! Fight, and how ? " How ? If you find a man lying ? Shout in his face : lie! and forward ! If you find a man stealing, shout : thief ! and forward ! If you find a man babbling asininities, to whom the crowd listens open-mouthed, shout at them all: idiots ! and forward, always forward ! "To the march then ! And throw out of the sacred squadron all those who begin to study the step and its length and its rhythm. Above everything throw out all those who fuss about this business of rhythn. They'll turn the squadron into a quadrille and the march into a dance. Away with them ! Let them go off somewhere else to sing the flesh. " Those who try to turn the squadron on the march into a dancing, quadrille call themselves and each other poets. But they're not. They're something else. They only go to the sepulchre out of curiosity, to see what it's like, looking for a new sensation, and to amuse themselves along the road. Away with them ! " It's these that with their indulgence of Bohemians contribute to maintain cowardice and lies and all the weaknesses that flood us. When they preach liberty they only think of one : that of disposing of their neighbor's wife. All is sensuality with them. They even fall in love sensually with ideas, with great ideas. They are incapable of marrying a great and pure idea and breeding a family with it; they only flirt with ideas. They want them as mistresses, some - times just for the night. Away with them! "If one wants to pluck some flower or other along the path, that smiles from the fringe of grass, let him pluck it, but without breaking ranks, without dropping out of the squadron of which the leader must always keep his eyes on the flaming sonorous star. But if he puts the little flower in the strap above his cuirass, not to look at it himself, but for others to look at, away with him ! Let him go with his flower in his buttonhole and dance somewhere else. " Look friend, if you want to accomplish your mission and serve your country, you must make yourself unpleasant to the sensitive boys who only see the world through the eyes of their sweethearts. Or through something worse. Let your words be strident and rasping in their ears. " The squadron must only stop at night, near a wood or under the lee of a mountain. There they will pitch their tents and the crusaders will wash their feet, and sup off what their women have prepared ; then they will beget a son on then and kiss them and go to sleep to begin the march again the follow- 69 ing day. And when someone dies, they will leave him on the edge of the road with his armor on him, at the mercy of the crows. Let the dead bury the dead. " Instead of the rationalists and humanists of the North, Unamuno's idols are the mystics and saints and sensualists of Castile, hard stalwart men who walked with God, Loyola, Torquemada, Pizarro, Narvaez, who governed with whips and thumbscrews and drank death down greedily like heady wine. He is excited by the amorous madness of the mysticism of Santa Teresa and San Juan de la Cruz. His religion is paradoxical, unreasonable, of faith alone, full of furious yearning, otherworldliness. His style it follows is headlong, gruff, redundant, full of tremendous pounding phrases. There is a vigorous almost angry insistance about his dogmas that makes his essays unforgettable, even if one objects as violently as Ido to his asceticism and death-worship. There is an anarchic fury about his crying in the wilderness that will win many a man from the fleshpots and chain gangs. In the apse of the old cathedral of Sala - manca is a fresco of the Last Judgment, perhaps by the Castilian painter Gal - lego. Over the retablo on a black ground is a tremendous figure of the evening angel brandishing a sword while behind him unrolls the scroll of the Dies I?ae and huddled clusters of plump little naked people fall away into space from under his feet. There are moments in « Del Sentimiento Tragico de la Vida » and in the « Vida de DonQuijote y Sancho » when in the rolling earthy Castilian phrases one can feel the brandishing of the sword of that very angel. Not for nothing does Unamuno live in the rust and saffron-colored town of Salamanca in the midst of bare redhills that bulge against an enormous flat sky in which the clouds look like piles of granite, like floating cathedrals they are so solid, heavy, ominous. A country where barenness and the sweep of cold wind and the lash of strong wine have made people's minds ingrow into the hereafter, where the clouds have been tramped by the angry feet of the destroying angel. He is constantly attacking sturdily those who clamor for the modern - ization, Europeanization of Spanish life and Spanish thought. He is in many ways the counterprose to the humanitarian northern-looking movement of the disciples of Giner de los Rios. In an essay in one of the volumes published by the Residencia de Estudian - tes he wrote : " As can be seen, I proceed by what they call arbitrary affirmations, without documentation, without proof, outside of modern European logic, disdainful of its methods. " Perhaps. I want no other method than that of passion, and when my breast swells with disgust, repugnance, sympathy or disdain, I let the mouth, speak the bitterness of the heart, and let the words come as they come. 70 " We Spaniards are, they say, arbitrary charlatans, who fill up with rhet - oric the gaps in logic, who subtilize with more or less ingenuity, but uselessly, who lack the sense of coherence, with scolastic souls, casuists and all that. « I've heard similar things said of Augustine, the great African, soul of fire that spilt itself in leaping waves of rhetoric, twistings of the phrase, anti - thesis, paradoxes and ingenuities. Saint Augustine was a Gongorine and a con - ceptualist at the same time. Which makes me think that Gongorism and con - ceptualism are the most natural forms of passion and vehemence. " The great African, the great ancient African ! Here is an expression — ancient African — that one can oppose to modern European, and that's worth as much at least. African and ancient were Saint Augustine and Tertullian. And why shouldn't we say : We must make ourselves ancient Africanstyle or else we must make ourselves African ancientstyle. The typical tree of Castile is the encina, a kind of live oak that grows low with dense bluish foliage and a ribbed knotted and contorted trunk ; it always grows singly and on dry hills. On the roads one meets lean men with knotted hands and brown sun-wizened faces that seem brothers to the encinas of their country. The thought of Unamuno, emphatic, lonely, contorted is hammered into homely violent phrases brother to the men on the roads and to the encinas on the hills of Castile. This from the end of « Del Sentimiento Tragico de la "Vida »: " And in this critical century, Don Quixote has also contaminated himself with criticism, and he must charge against himself, victim of intellectualism and sentimentalism, who when he is most sincere, appears most affected. The poor man wants to rationalize the irrational, and irrationalize the rational. And he falls victim of the inevitable despair of a rational century, of which the great - est victims were Tolstoy and Nietzsche. Out of despair, he enters into the heroic fury of that Quixote of thought who broke out of the cloister, Giordano Bruno, and makes himself awakener of sleeping souls, dormitantium animorum excubitor, as the ex-Dominican when of himself, when he wrote : . . . — The heroic love is propor to superior natures called insane — insane — not because the do not know — non sanno — but because they know too much — soprasanno —. " But Bruno believed in the triumph of his doctrines, or at least at the foot of his statue on the Campo dei Fiori, opposite the Vatican, they have put that it is offered by the century he had divined — il secolo da lui divinato. But our Don Quixote, the resurrected, Don Quixote, does not believe that his doctrines will triumph in the world, because they are not his. And is it better that they should not triumph. If they wanted to make Don Quixote king, he would retire alone to the hill-top, fleeing the crowds of king-makers and king-killers, as did Christ when, after the miracle of the loaves and fishes, 71 they wanted to proclaim him king. He left the title of king to be put above the cross. What is, then, the new mission of Don Quixote in this world ? To cry to cry m the wilderness. For the wilderness hears although men do not hear,' and one day will turn into a sonorous wood, and that solitary voice that spreads m the desert like seed, will sprout into a gigantic cedar that will sing with a hundreu thousand tongues an eternal hosanna to the lord of life and death. " III . d hereb y hangs a moral highly applicable to our own trustee-ridden universities, if to nothing else. If we really wanted liberty of speech and tnought, we could probably get it — Spain fifty years ago certainly had a longer tradition 01 despotism than has the United States - but do we want it ? In these years we shall see. John Dos Passos Marcoussis. Nature Morte. Marcoussis. Nature Morte. 74 IF YOU HAD THREE HUSBANDS (icontinued) LENGTH OF TIME He agreed. He said I would have known by this time. I don't like to think about it. It would have led to so much. Not that I am disappointed I cannot be disappointed when I have so much to make me happy. I know all that lam to happiness, it is to be happy and lam happy. lam so completely happy that I mention it. In writing now I find it more of a strain because now I write by sentences. I don't mean that I feel it above. I feel it here and by this time I mention it too. Ido not feel the significance of this list. Can you read a book, By the time artificial flowers were made out of feathers no pride was left. Any one is proud if the name of their house is the name of a city. I remember very w r ell the time I was asked to come up and I said I did not want to. I said I did not want to, but I was willing not quite to understand why after all there need to poison. Do not say more than a word. No that is wrong. Cousins and cousins, height is a brother. Are they careful to stay. If you had three husbands I don't mean that it is a guess or a wish. I believe finally in what I saw in what I see. I believe finally in what I see, in where I satisfy my extreme shadow. Believing in an extreme dream. This is so that she told her mother. I do not believe it can be mentioned. Astonishing leaves are found in their dread in their dread of that color. Astonishing leaves can be found in their dread not in their dread of that color. Astonishing leaves can be found in their dread in their dread of that color. When it came to say I mean a whole day nobody meant a whole day. When it came not to say a whole nobody meant a whole day. There never w T as a single day or a single murmur or a single word or a single circumstance of sweating. What is sweating. Not distilling. Distilling necessitates know- 75 ing. Knowing necessitates reasons and reasons do not necessitate flowers States are flowers. Brother to birthdays. Twenty four days. Not a beginning. By politeness. It is not really polite to be unworthy. Unworthy of what unworthy of the house and of the property adjoining. Let me describe the red room. A red room isn't cold or warm. A red room is not meant to be icy. A red room is worthy of articles. He pleased she pleased everybody. He pleased her. He pleased her to go. She was attracted by the time. Ido not remember that there were any clocks. I don't wish to begin counting. All this was after it was necessary for us to be there all the time. Who were we. We were often enlivening. By way of what. By way of steps or the door. By way of steps. By way of steps or the door. I remember very well the day he asked me if I were patient. Of course I was or of course I was patient enough, of course I was patient enough. When it was easy to matter we were all frames not golden or pointed, just finely or formerly flattered. It was so easy easy to be bell. Belle was her name. Belle or Bella. I don't mean relations or overwhelming. I don't even mean that we were fond of healthy trees. Trees aren't healthy by yesterday or by roots or by swelling. Trees are a sign of pleasure. It means that there is a country. A country give to me sweet land of liberty. One can easily get tired of rolls and rows. Rows have one seat. Rolls are polite. In a way there is no difference between them. Rolls and rows have finished purses. Rows and rolls have finished purses. It isn't easy to be restless. If sitting is not developed. If standing is not open. If active action is represented by lying and if piles of tears are beside more delight, it is a rope. By that we swim. Capture sealing wax not in or color. Ceilings. I like that dwelling. All the same sound or bore. 76 Do it. Try that. Try. Why. Widen. Public speaking is sinister if cousins are brothers. We were a little pile. Buy that. There is no such sense. Pleasant days. So to speak. Sand to-day. Sunday. Sight in there. Saturday. Pray. What forsooth. Do be quiet. Laugh. I know it. Shall we. One must be willing. If one loves one another by that means they do not perish. They frequent the same day and nearly that it was six months apart. Three and three make two. Two twenty. I was not disappointed. Do as you please, write the name, change it, declare that you are strong? be annoyed. All this is not foolish. She was doubtless not old. Pleasant days brother. I don't mean this thing. I don't mean calling aloud. I never did so, I was not plaintive. I was not even reached by coughing. I was splendid and sorrowful. I could catch my breath. I don't feel that necessity. They came home. They came home beside. All of it was strange, their daughter was strange, their excitement was strange and painfully sheltered. Quiet leaning is so puzzling. Certainly glas- 77 ses make cats a nuisance. We really have endured too much. Everybody says the same thing. . I l d ° not see nmch necessity for believing that it would have occurred as it did occur if sun and September and the hope had not been mentioned. It was all foolish. Why not be determined. Why not oppose. Why not settle flowers. Settle on flowers, speak cryingly, and be loath to detain her. 1 dont see how any one can speak. I am not satisfied. Gertrude Stein be concluded) 78 THEATRE Close held by warm darkness, wet murmuring darkness, the crystal ball. The mellow stage light transfuses into the skull and the brain welters in light. The body forgotten, one with the dark, one's being nothing — but it projects a facade a tall window which sucks in the light. And the light breaks in hard splinters between one's being which is nothing and the very bright window which is nothing. It is all very peaceful and probably like heaven. Though far off and thinly terror runs down a thin wire — Wells into sound — Fills the horizon to crush us with a noise like tearing silk. John Rodker F. Leger. Paysage Animé. 80 DEDICATED TO THE ENEMY (continued) Here, again, in connection with my own work, are some few assertions which have been made, which, while containing some degree of trnth, none of them contain the whole truth: "Mr. Gordon Craig, who has thought out his subject more completely than any of his English imitators, long ago came to the conclusion that he must make his actors fit his background, and his logical mind created a new art in which each factor of the stage should be conditioned by the whole effect. He wanted something quite different from a drama of human beings. I think that is the logical outcome of highly-conventionalized back-grounds. Possibly Mr. Gordon Craig, the originator of all modern scenic art, does not think that now, for he himself says : 'My way changes every three years. Perhaps this accounts for my followers having lost their way. E A. Baughan, Daily News and Leader, 12 Feb. 1914. " I gather that he [Mr. Gordon Craig] wants the scene, for all its simplifica - tions, to count for more, at any rate, than the words. It seems to me that he is making here for another form of art than drama. I can imagine that such a form, in which figures magnified by mask and cothurnus moved about in the vast abstract spaces which his scenery can create, would be singularly beautiful and impressive ; but it will approximate rather to the dance than to the drama as we know it. " Roger Fry, in the New Statesman, 27 June 1914. "Mr. Craig is a bit of a genius (I hope he will agree with me that one must not use that word to the full too rashly), and he is wholly an idealist. He will have no less than the dramatic kingdom of heaven on earth. He will have perfection as he sees it or nothing .. . Now, as with all idealists, Mr. Craig's influence has been mainly destructive. " Granville Barker, letter to Daily Mail, 25 Sept. 1912. 81 6 " The trouble with Mr. Gordon Craig's conception of the theatre seems to be his preoccupation with the pictorial and decorative side of drama. The plays of Shakespeare fall into his scheme well enough ; but there is little room for Sheridan, and still less for Shaw. He ignores modern comedy altogether, and modern comedy is as needful for our sanity as it is for our amusement. " Ashley Dukes, letter to Daily Mail, i Sept. 1913. "Mr. Gordon Craig would shut the lips of the theatre. " P. P. H. [owe.] Review of On the Art of the Theatre in Outlook, 23 Dec. 1912. " Mr. Craig is a prophet. Like all prophets, he is wrong. And, like all prophets, he is valuable. If this book is one of the most useful things ever written upon the subject of the drama it is that virtue not of its immediate practical suggestions, but precisely by virtue of the fierce impossibilism of its ideal. He gives us a fresh appreciation of the possible. " Floyd Dell. Review of On the Art of the Theatre in Chicago Evening Post, 19 Jan. 1912. " Mr. Gordon Craig, in the highest flights of his fancy, seems to desire, and expect, the total elimination of the speaking actor, leaving the interpreta - tion of the drama to mute figures — preferably mechanical — music, alle - gorical dancers, and special painted and atmospheric effects. " Review of On the Art of the Theatre in The Nation, U. S. A., 1 Feb. 1912. " I understand that this subordination of the player is one of the aims of Mr. Gordon Craig. " Westminster Gazette. Notice of The Miracle, 27 Dec. 1912. " Mr. Craig's designs not only make an appeal independently of the play they are supposed to illustrate : they actually dwarf the player's art and •disastrously compete with the author's intention. " The Future of the Theatre, John Palmer, 1913 \ I hold that too much of this is rash and exaggerated misstatement born of unconscious (let us hope unconscious) misunderstanding. Again, I remember once an actor-manager laughing at some painting because the artist had made the sea yellow and the rocks green. The sea can be yellow —it can be red — I have seen it both colours. Rocks can be green and blue and crimson as well as gray, white, or brown. Trelawny —in his Records — writes: 1 This writer calls his book "The Future of the Theatre, " and yet writes solely of one branch of it — of the English Theatre. 82 " Byron, looking at the western sky, exclaimed : ' Where is the green your friend the Laker talks such fustian about ? ' meaning Coleridge : Gazing on the western sky And its peculiar tint of yellow green. Dejection : in Ode. " ' Who ever, ' asked Byron, ' saw a yellow sky ? ' " Shelley was silent, knowing that if he replied Byron would give vent to his spleen. So I said : ' The sky in England is oftener green than blue. " ' Black, you mean, ' rejoined Byron; and this discussion brought us to his door. " But we know that the sky can be blue, it can be green, yellow, black; it can be and is every blessed colour ever known to us, and some unknown vet. us get higher up and lower down in the heavens, on eaitn and under it before we make our assertions. And then we shall get fewer fixed and er - roneous ideas. Accept it from me then — I who have anyhow been up and down into far-off places in our Theatre world — accept it from me that while the Drama is all that Mr. Archer and Mr. Palmer and Mr. Collier and Aristotle tell us it is, it can be a hundred other things and a hundred more besides ... it is permitted. A Drama can be a silent affair, a spoken thing, a thing sung, spoken and silent : it can be enacted by a single person — who says nothing, who moves only, who moves feet, arms, legs, hands, head, and whole person, or by one who moves hands alone, or by two who move head and hands, or by four of whom one moves some of his limbs only and the others move nothing but their heads. It may be sung by people or one person unseen ;or it may be spoken by a single person or many persons seen for three minutes and never seen again. It may be made of scenes without figures as of figures without scenes. It may be made of forms signifying anything —or of sounds without words. If I have a fancy and can humour it to the extent of creating something — well, I will choose motion, scene, and voice as my three elements for making Drama. But that is merely my special fancy — and after all (if I create something worth while) then of a special fancy we shall all cry out — " That is the truth. " But that is not quite the truth. The truth is more than this and different. And as it is the critic's special delight to be just, to be ideal spectator and ideal judge, he must, I should think, realize without any delay that, un - less he announces that he intends to judge from a very small and low point of 83 view, his business is to enlarge and enlarge the bounds for our endeavour and not, as he does to-day, narrow them to the round o of a wren's eye. If the wise craftsman limits himself, not in thought but solely in his mat - erial, and to some particular tools of his trade, the critic need not concern himself with teaching a craftsman to be wise. Let a craftsman attempt the impossible — he can achieve it with one tool and with a minimum of material — but urge him on to attempt it : do not for ever blight his existence with the dreary pessimism of your despair. Despair we all can taste and without help from anyone. The help we need is encouragement. What if we topple over the precipice ?. . . what if we blow ourselves to the moon ?. . . urge us to attempt the impossible even though it be fraught with great danger. Then we get an audience — for an audience enjoys seeing us run risks. We do not get an audience to-day because critics are keen about turning on the brake. VI I write this Note in a Theatre in Paris. The old conviction returns . . . and I of the Theatre . . . living it . . . sworn to it . . . that all this closed in — cooped-up — darkened nonsense, is over and done with ; . . this mystery of nothing — murky . . . dusky . . . damnable. . . And you on the stage whom I admire, who would gain everything by coming out into the air — into the sun — losing nothing but some paint and a few twopenny tricks which could all be replaced by valuable truths . . . Why all this Red and Blue light, this purple artifice, which is all so in - complete ? . . . Where are your eyes that the yellow-white, pale blue, and delicate mauve of Daylight touch you not, nor the ice-cold glare of white nights have no significance ? Why this mumbling or writhing beneath pink half-lights reminiscent of the candle-shades of the dear old restaurants? If virtuosity must turn down the lights all the time — why must it ? Crea - tion turns them dow r n only once and again. I am of the opinion that the study of Creation when it is at work producing its daily drama is still not to be despised. Can I be wrong and you right ? . . . in this, I mean ? The Shakespearean Plays, the Comedies of Moliere, may be for these the old pretty tricks are the very thing — Yet even here Shakespearean scholars remind us that the scenes and actors were lighted by the sun. But you play no little dramas with others. You are alone — you enter and fill the stage with any figure you choose — and as many as you choose . . . your imagination peoples the place ; just as in his lovely scenes the great 84 Appia seems to pack his empty platforms with a hundred hundred angels — and to start them singing when he chooses. This is the power of Imagination — you both possess it -— yet you choose to trifle — you who have no need to. Your great power (the power not yours but which yields to you) enables you to move your hand and, we seem to see lilies or roses or lilac growing — " when lilac first in the doorway .. . " You turn towards the right and by the force of your imagination you project for us a group of three who seem to advance towards you : you turn from us a little and the dark comes on — you turn a little more, evening ; a little more and it is night. It is the power of Imagination, not your power, and you possess some of it — enough to convince a world and baffle a nation. I have seen you bring palm to palm silently and heard the cymbals — cymbals which sang rather than clashed. I have seen your shoulders move bending and heard the thun - ders of an old story rolling up around you. You have lain your hand on the earth obediently obeying the old Fate, and I have seen the earth open as a smile spreads and drench you in a yellow light. You were more than three hundred years old as you bent to obey and you rose up a 3 r oung woman. You who alone have the secret of this magic will never tinker with the twopenny tricks of the trade. VII I write at another Theatre. How enchanting are the electric batteries of the Modern Theatre, its wires, its bulbs, its switches and its resistances! How enchanting the mirrors of the ancients — and the reflectors of to-day . . . how delicious is all this mechanism and all its artificial products. You who read give me up, I suppose. You heard me only two moments ago calling such things twopenny tricks. Exactly, dear friend, exactly. For her —or for him tw T openny ; and twopence is too much. But for the others, and certainly for me, quite satisfactory. Do you suppose I can see and admire two and take them to be one ? If imagination itself sings from the being we call Mozart — something else sings from him we call Balfe .... Place for Balfe — place for Iyecoc, plenty of room for both and for Bizet. . . three different places, three separate planes . . . Mozart's place is kept for him at Imagination's right hand. She herself keeps it for him. Then me needs must find places for the rest. 85 And with my artist living to-day — for him and for her, Imagination her - self keeps their places —at her right hand. And yet others must sit down at the board. Each his place — the best possible — but it is not possible any others shall sit in theirs — nor near them.. VIII I haven't the pleasure of the acquaintance of the ladies and gentlemen who, I am told, run Covent Garden Theatre, but they are having a good time, I hope. Year in and year out these good and faithful amuse one another by fishing out from far-off lands such as Russia and Italy imitation works of art, absolute forgeries, and before these they solemnly sit dressed in genuine pearls and diamonds, which shows that they have hope and patience if not discernment. I am told that the whole English Aristocracy runs Covent Garden. I'm sure I can't say. If it does, then the sooner the People take the place in hand the better for England. For however badly the People will manage the place, I think they could not manage it worse. By that I mean not the least suggestion of incompetence on the part of the so-called managers, secretaries, and general staff of the Theatre. The whole staff, as everyone can see by their work, is admirably organized and works with precision and rapidity. No praise could be too great for it. It is of the aristocratic " managers " I speak . . . those who decide, those in power. These, owing to some advantage of education which they have over the rest of us, are supposed to be able to recognize a genuine work of art from a forgery. Alas, then, that they should take themselves in every time. Perversity runs Covent Garden, not nobility. It's human after all —• but how expensive it must be ! It reminds me of the attitude of Georges Sand, exasperated because Chopin (or was it De Musset) will not do as she wishes .. . really she was a darling .. . Listen to her .. . "I am sick of great men (forgive the expression) : I should like to see them all in Plutarch. There they do not make one suffer on the human side. Let them be cut in marble or cast in bronze, and let them be silent. So long as they live they are wicked, persecuting, fantastic, despotic, bitter, susxjicious. They confuse in the same proud contempt the goats and the sheep \ They are worse to their friends than to their enemies. God protect us from them ; be good — stupid if you will. " 1 A thing Georges never could even suspect she might ever do or be doing. 86 And then she marries — Sandeau ! ! — and if ever there was a forgery Sandeau was it. Sandeau for Chopin !! ! Well, Georges and the Syndicate at Co vent Garden are so alike. Perverse and piqued. It may be mere pique that causes the aristocrats of Covent. Garden to fling themselves on the good Beecham and the excellent Djagelief and beg and beg for what we call " fakes, "... which they get; but the worst of it is that the artists of strong personality seem to inspire terror in shareholders. This can only mean one thing, which is that the shareholders feel that unless their will dominates the Theatre the results must be unsuccessful. This is one of the most expensive delusions good, if perverse, people are alwa} r s obliged to pay for. I think this is the very place for me to repeat for the fifty-eighth time that the Theatre belongs to the Artists of strong personality. By that I do not mean belongs to theatrical people with a strong gift for managing men and women, although this is not seldom the definition given for an artist of strong personality ... of which calamity I shall have something to say in a moment or two. I mean by an artist of strong personality one who has seen superb sights which no one else has ever seen, and is able in his art to express what he has seen strongly. There are only a very few such men and women. I would put down the names of a few of the great past, but it would only confuse. I will confine myself to telling facts about the greatest living artists of the Theatre . . . you know their names well enough. I believe there are four, perhaps five, great artists in the Theatre of Europe. There are six or seven more remarkable talents, — and another five who may be said to have some surprising qualities. Not one of these ever comes to London, unless it be to some small insignificant theatre which they rent for a short season at great personal expense. Now if there are fifteen artists, five of whom are the very first living to-day, is it not reasonable for us all to suppose that Covent Garden or Drury Lane the two quasi-national Theatres of Great Biitain, should understand how to invite these to show London the Art of the Theatre ? The truth is that Covent Garden and Druiy Lane do not know how to address any but artists of the second or third rank. So that really our English Covent Garden and our Lane are like a Zoolog - ical Gardens without any examples of Lions, Tigers, Eagles, Pythons. . . I take it that these good animals are very difficult creatures to catch. . . rather sensitive and very ferocious ; shy as anything in front of a hunter — 87 rather more fond of liberty than any bushel of Covent Garden — certainly not to be cajoled by a typewritten letter asking on what terms it will submit to be caught. Chaliapine ! — for the moment I had forgotten this amazing actor singer. Yes, Chaliapine did at last go to Covent Garden, but not before every French - man, Italian, Russian, and American had heard him and had taken his best. And I happen to know the whole silly comedy which the authorities of Covent Garden thought necessary to perform before Russian and French eyes ere they discovered the right way to address Chaliapine. Do you know they actually told him that it would be so good for his career if he would visit Covent Garden for a smaller fee than he has received in other cities... It seems incredible that these methods can still be employed, but so it is. M. Chaliapine made two replies. — The first is not publishable ; the second admitted how good it would be for his career, and yet somehow, it went on, he did not believe he would find his way to Covent Garden for one rouble less than less the sum he had named. And so year in and year out the English people are obliged to wait five, ten, or £fteen years after every other nation for a glimpse and a hearing of an artist to whom ultimately they pay more than any other nation. — And all because these great Theatres have and hold to shoplike methods — the most unpractical and the most expensive from every point of view. What does it matter ? — Really nothing at all except that this is Eng - land, and if we had had our best English artists established firmly at the head of the first eight or ten English Theatres, we should then be rid of such wanton expense and such gauche unpractically. Gordon Graig [To be continued) Alice Halicka. Portrait de l'Artiste. 89 HOMAGE TO SIVA There are a certain number of us in Europe for whom the civilization of Europe does not suffice. We are dissatisfied sons of the West, who find ourselves cramped in the old house, and who, though not failing to recognize the fineness, the brilliancy and the heroic energy of an idea which conquered and dominated the world for more than two thousand years, have been oblig - .ed, in spite of ourselves, to confess its insufficiencies and its narrow pride. We are the few who look towards Asia. Asia, the great continent, of which Europe is only a peninsula, the vanguard of the army, the prow of the heavy ship, loaded with the wisdom of thousands of years. From her have always come our gods and our ideas. But in losing contact with the native East, in the wild marches of our peoples always following the sun, we have deformed the universality of these vast thoughts for our own ends of limited and violent action. And now the races of the Occident find themselves cornered in a blind alley, and they crush each other ferociously. Let us wrench our spirit from this mob of bloody chaos. Eet us try to regain the great cross road of the highways, from which the streams of human genius have spread to the four points of the horizon. In order to find air let us mount again to the high plateaux of Asia. Europe has certainly never forgotten the way to Asia when it was a matter of pillaging, levying tribute, or exploiting the material riches of those lands under the banner of Christ or of civilization. But what advantage has she taken of these spiritual treasures ? They have lain buried in collections and in archeo - logical museums. A few brilliant tourists from the Academies, have nibbled the crumbs, but the spiritual life of Europe has not profited therefrom. Who, amid the confusion in which the chaotic consciousness of the Occident is struggling, has looked to see if the civilization, forty centuries-old, of India and China had no answer to offer our anguish, no models for our aspirations ? The Germans, with their vitality, more exigent, more self-questioning, were the first to seek in Asia that food which their famished spirit could no longer find in Europe, and the catastrophes of the last years have precipi - tated this moral evolution, made up of disillusion with political action and exalt- 90 ation of inner life. Noble initiators, like Count Kayserling, have popula-r ized the wisdom of Asia. And some of the purest poets of Germany, like Her - mann Hesse, have felt the magic of Oriental thought to the point of transform - ing themselves so as to put their souls in accord with the artist-sages of the Celestial Empire. France, although similar currents are beginning to make themselves felt, and certain little known French individualities may be counted among the initiators of the Awakening of Asia has remained behind in this movement of curiosity and profound sympathies. In no part of Europe has the recent visit of Tagore and his-appeal for a common work of European-Asiatic culture awaken - ed so little interest. A wall of self-satisfied indifference separates this country from the rest of world life. The choleric Bjorson used justifiable to reproach us with this fact. But he was unjust in not recognizing the ceaseless efforts of a small number of Frenchmen to effect a breach in the wall. And this very band, led by our friend Bazalgette — the brotherly friend in the Whitmanesque sense of all that is human — is a noble witness to it. us widen the breach ! And through the opening may the rn.essa.ge of India be heard in France. Ananda Coomaraswamy is one of those great Hindus who, nourished like Tagore, on the cultures of Europe and Asia, have conceived in the legitimate pride of their splendid civilization the duty of working towards the union of ideas, Oriental and Occidental, for the benefit of humanity. The spectacle of the re - cent war, which has made evident the signs of the approaching ruin of the Euro - pean edifice, has shown them the urgency of their mission. At the same time that the harmonious voice of Tagoie invites us to collaborate in his Interna - tional University of Santinikitan, Coomaraswamy raises his cry of alarm. He says to us : " Save Asia. Her idealism is in danger. If you do not save her, beware lest the great Nemesis turns against you by Asia's hands, the Imperialism of lucre and violence with which you have armed her. Asia's degradation will cause your ruin. Her uplifting will be your salvation But proud Europe will not willingly admit that she can have need of Asia, whom she has trampled under foot for centuries without a suspicion passing through her mind that she was playing the role of Alaric on the ruins of Rome. Yet Rome conquered the victorious Barbarians, as Greece had con - quered Rome. As India and China will finally conquer Europe —by the spirit. The aim of Coomaraswamy's book is to show the power of this spirit and all it holds in reserve for the grandeur and well-being of mankind. In a collection of essays, seemingly separate, but which all proceed from the same central idea and converge toward the same conclusion, we have an exposition of India's calm and ample metaphysic, her conception of the universe, her social organization, perfect in its own time and still capable of adapting 9 1 itself to the rhythm of the new time; the solution that she has given to the prob - lems of women, the family, love, marriage ; and the magnificient revelation of her art. Over all the cathedral, ornate and proportioned of Asia's mighty soul, reigns the same spirit of sovereign synthesis. No negation. Everything is harmonized. All the forces of life group themselves like a forest with a thou - sand waving arms, directed by Kataraja the master of the dance. Each thing in its place, each being fulfilling its function, and all associated in the di - vine concert, making with their various voices and even dissonances, according to the saying of Heraclitus, the most exquisite harmony. While in the Occident, a strong, cold logic separates the dissimilar and shuts it up sorted indistinct and definite compartments of the spirit, India, taking account of the natural differences of beings and of things, seeks to combine them so as to reestablish in its plenitude the total unity. The marriage of contraries forms the rhythm of Existence. Spiritual purity does not fear to ally itself with sensual delight, the freest sexuality with the loftiest wisdom. (The amazing vSahaja is the ex - treme type of this a paradoxical challenge of opposing forces united). The masterpieces of art marry beauty to science and religion. Everywhere intense life springs up in multiform but compact growth. Everywhere the look of the One in millions of eyes. As Tagore has sung in these immortal verses : — In each glory of sound and sight and scent I shall find thy infinite joy abiding: My passion shall bwn as the flame of salvation. The flower of my love shall become the ripe fruit of devotion. Without a doubt, the edifice of India's life rests entirely on one faith, therefore, like every creed, on a fragile and passionate hypothesis. But of all the creeds of Europe and Asia, that of Brahmanistic India seems to me the one which embraces the most of the Universe. I do not speak against the others. The ecstatic intellectualism of primi - tive Buddhism, or the smiling serenity of the abyss which one breathes in Tse are infinitely dear to me, but I see in them moments of exceptional subli - mity, giddy heights of spiritual life. And what makes me love the Brahmin concept above all those of Asia is that it seems to me to contain them all. Bet - ter than the faiths of Europe it could harmonize itself with the vast hypo - theses of modern science. Our Christian religions have adapted themselves to the progress of science (when there was nothing else for fchem to do) but one would say that they have difficulty in freeing themselves from the heaven of Hipparchus and Ptolomeus, which they knew in their cradle. But when, after having let myself be carried away on the curve of lives by the movement, now ascendant and now descendant, of the Brahministic 92 thought, I come back to my century, and I find there the prodigious efforts of the new cosmogony, sprung from the genius of Einstein, or freely inspired by his discoveries, I do not feel myself expatriated. In the voyage of the spirit ' across the stellar spaces, right to the bottom of the starry abyss, among the is - land universes, the nebulous spirals, the innumerable Milky Ways, the millions of worlds spinning in time-space, curved, infinite, limited, whose star rays etern - ally circle and illuminate phantoms " doubles " on opposing points, I still hear resounding the cosmic symphony of the worlds which follow each other extinguishing and relighting with their living souls, their humanities and their gods, according to the law of the Eternal Becoming, the Brahministic Samsana. I hear Siva dancing in the world, in my heart .... I do not propose that Europeans, should adopt an Asiatic Creed. I advise them only to enjoy the benefit of this magnificent rhythm, this breath large and slow. They will learn there what the souls of Europe and America 1 most stand in need of today : calm, patience, virile hope, serene joy, " like a lamp in a windless spot, which does not flicker 2 The West, which furiously strives to attain individual and social happiness, falsifies and spoils its life. It kills in the embryo the happiness it pursues by its frantic haste. Like a spent horse that see nothing between its blinkers but the dazzling road before it, the vision of the European goes scarcely beyond the limits of his individual life or the life of his group, of his country or his party. Within these narrow limits his will encloses the realization of the human ideal. He must at any price prove that he will see it with his own eyes or — supreme concession that he will make to the slow - ness of human progress — that his children will pluck the fruits. Hence these perpetual aspirations inevitably lost, these dreams of Picrocholes, these social paradises realized on Earth by machine gun volleys or by trenchant decrees, this haste and this short-sighted violence. And since of necessity disillusion follows, all is imagined to be lost, and the brief period of feverish exaltation is followed by a long period of morbid depression. The great Brahmin thought does not know these oscillations of the pendu - lum. It does not expect from a war or a revolution, or sudden coup, a brusque and miraculous transformation of the world. It embraces immense periods, cycles of human ages, whose successive lives gravitate and slowly move towards the center (in concentric circles), the place of Deliverance already realized in the souls of a few Forerunners. It is never discouraged. It has time. Acci - dents by the way cannot cast down or anger it. For it, error is not a sin; 1 It goes without saying tliat everything I say about Europe applies equally to tbe European races who have peopled the New World. 2 Bhagavada Gita. 93 it is only youth. The whole cycle of time must be accomplished. It watches the wheel turn and it waits. And its vision which passes beyond the changing horizon of good and evil, judges, lucid and serene, the flood of souls that goes by, indulgent to the frailties of the weak, and severe only with the strong. For this lofty thought demands much of those who are capable of much : and its entire conception of the hierarchy of castes, which at first sight seems so contemptuously aristocratic, is based on this principle (diametrically opposed to that of the egotistical democracies of the West) that the more elevated the man, the fewer are his rights and the more numerous his duties !. . . And in any case, lowly as a man may be, every man can raise himself, everyone knows that he can, sooner or later, by reason of the normal evolution of exist - tences arrive at the culminating point of the curve, from whence by way of the return the soul will escape from Time and its vicissitudes. Thus the infinite diversity of beings and desire becomes reconciled with the eternity of the rhythm which binds them together in the one stream moving towards unity. But the question is not that this grandiose teaching of the spirit spread over Europe the golden shade of its cupola. No, Europe must not be Asia. But she must not wish that Asia be Europe. She must learn to respect the gigantic personality of which her own is complimentary, without wishing (vain dream) to give a fictitious life to the forms of the past, so that these two human worlds, by allying their genius, should in their union hew the path towards the future. This aim Ananda Coomaraswamy expresses with noble daring at the end of his book, opposing the lofty idealism of Asia to the nation - alism of young India. " Nationalism is not enough for the great Idealists of Young India. Patriotism is a parochial interest. . . vSuperior souls have finer roles to fill .. . Life, not only India's life, demands our loyalty. . . the flowering of humanity is worth more for us than the victory of a party . . . the chosen people of the future can not be a nation or a race, but an aristocracy of the Earth uniting the energy of European action with the serenity of Asiatic thought. We press in our own, this hand offered us by India. Our cause is the same :to save the unity of mankind and its full harmony. Europe, Asia: our strengths are different. Let us unite them to accomplish the common task: the greatest civilization, the sum total of human genius. Teach us to understand all, Asia, teach us thy wise way of living. And from us learn how to act. Romain Rolland 94 comment Is it possible for a man, potentially great, to live and die, sterile and unnoticed ? The facile optimist replies no, " Worth will out, you can't hide a barn in a haystack. " The pessimist on the other hand, answers in the affirmative, claims it happens every day and usually insinuates he is a case in point. And the argument lasts till tempers are sullied, without victory consoling either party, for every example rules itself out by the very fact of its being brought in. A useless discussion unless it aids digestion. But if one leaves the problem of men and examines the destiny of books, the subject proves itself better adopted for debate, as data on which to base one's opinion, is available. If such a query jumps through the smoke rings of the Saturday night peaceful knockers, general talk ceases. Each indivi - dual commences a monologue on " good books I have known, " and the in - nocent chair-backs resign themselves to listen to pathetic recitations on the dear departed. Countless volumes are dusted in memory and know for a moment the fame they failed to realize. We have always, at such a gathering, orated over the Dance of Siva. But we can no longer. This volume of fourteen Indian essays, was written by Ananda Coomaraswamy and published by the Sunwise Turn. We were forced by circumstances to make its acquaintance immediately after its launch - ing into the free for all of an autumn book season. We were stunned by it. New worlds entered our field of interest, old concepts were seen to be question - able. An internal transformation took place, similar to that of the high school boy on discovering H. G. Wells, or H. G. Wells on discovering God. We followed the career of the book. Discerning critics in widely scattered localities, pointed out various laudable aspects of its variegated contents. Sev - eral hundred readers actually purchased the volume. The British Empire ordered one hundred and fifty copies, one third of which were consigned to its ancient colony India about which the book was written. The second year the same story was repeated on a much smaller scale, and the Dance of Siva w r ent permanently out of print before Christmas 1920. From that date on, we found it proper food for obituary sermons, and used the material contained in its pages to make ourselves appear wise and 95 informed on matters pertaining to India's caste system, nuptial customs, art, music, love ideals, etc. But our little game is spoiled. M. Bazalgette has selected the Dance of Siva for his series of " lyes Prosateurs Modernes. " J . Mademoiselle Made - leine Rolland has made the translation. M. Romain Rolland has acclaimed the volume in the excellent preface, the translation of which we are privi - leged to reprint in this number of " Broom. " Dr. Coomaraswamy is now a member of a goodly company. Before him, in this series of foreign writers march Cyril Buysse, Thomas Hardy, Knut Hamsun, Gottfried Keller, Scipio Slataper, John M. Synge, Frederick Van Eeden and Henry D. Thoreau: by his side — the printer will release April 1922 — walks Anton Tchekhov, and Theodore Dreiser, Felix Jimmermans, Rene Schickele, Boris Zaitsef and others follow after. No more can we exemplify the world's lack of discernment by calling attention to the neglect of the Dance of Siva, for not only is it being thus introduced to France, but M. Ivan Goll is preparing to bring it out in German. Perhaps, after the fourteen Indian Essays have completed their foreign tour, the country of their birth may become sufficiently interested to make another edition possible. It will not have been the first time an American book has had to await foreign recognition before native readers would deign to cut its leaves. H. A. L. 1 Published by F. Rieder et C ie , Place Saint-Sulpice, Paris (VI) ERNESTO FraTONI. Gerente responsabile Printed in Italy by «I,'Universellc » Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma. &lt;®&gt; THE WATERSIDE LAND CORPORATION OFFERS FOR SALE NO. 3 RIVERSIDE DRIVE NEW YORK CITY FIYE STORY ENGLISH BASEMENT DWELLING 37 x 97 IRREGULAR FOR FURTHER INFORMATION APPLY TO YOUR OWN BROKER. THE SUNWISE TURN BOOK SHOP YALE CLUB BUILDING 51 EAST 44 th STREET (Neighboring the Grand Central) Write us about our Poetry Evenings and our subscription plan. Original Publishers of THE DANCE OF SIVA. LIBRERIA LIBERMA International Bookseller and General Agents for ITALIAN BOOKS Old and Rare Volumes - Periodicals - Current Books - Quickest Ser- vice - Cheapest Rates REFERENCES: Universities - Public Libraries in England and America. Via Francesco Crispi, 81 - Rome ORIENTALIA IT ronn THP May be obtained from 22, East 60™ Street J * UU 1 NEW YORK CITY LA DANSE DE QVA BY ANANDA COOMARASWAMY with a Preface specially written for the French Edition by ROMAIN ROLLAND The American edition of which is now out of print and unobtainable. With ten full page photogravure Plates i6 M0 volume. Paper covers: francs 8 Special art binding: » 12 First Edition on Lafuma pure linen paper, each copy numbered: » 15 F. RIEDER &amp; C., PUBLISHERS - 7, Place ST. SULPICE - PARIS, (VI). LP. Members New York Stock Exchange 120, Broadway. o oo Telephone: 3240 Rector. QUISISANA LODGE AND BUNGALOES Lake Kezar, Center Novell, MAINE. Open June to October For particulars address: MARION BROWN, Secretary. 46-E. 75 th Street. Telephone: RHINCLANDER, 2671. «THE ARTIST, GES - TICULATING ABOUT HIMSELF, ON HIS DIVAN, IS HIDEOUS, BUT IF HE DANC - ED ON A BOULDER AND WAVED A LILAC BOUGH IN ONE HAND AND A « BROOM » IN THE OTHER, ONE COULD RESPECT HIM. » MAXWELL BODENHEIM BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Americans in ItalyEditor, Harold A* I/&gt;eb aprii,, 1922 voi,. 2, no 1. The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon- sible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office \ mss. from America to the NewYork office.The price of Broom is:For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteenshillings for a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement ofsame will be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, Trinita dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy.New York Office, Three East Ninth Street.London Office, Cecil Palmer, Oakley House,'ls-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. (To be continued) (icontinued) be concluded) (continued) [To be continued) 1 Published by F. Rieder et Cie, Place Saint-Sulpice, Paris (VI) ERNESTO FraTONI. Gerente responsabile Printed in Italy by «I,'Universellc » Imprimerie Polyglotte — Roma. PageTo A Starving Man — John Gould Fletcher ~"jPainting — Henri Matisse ' 2The New Conditions of Phenomena — Jean Epstein 3Golden Fox — Edgar Masters X1Moissons en Ile-de-France — Alice Halicka | 1?Black Jack Kerrigan — Israel Solon xgThe Mansion of Peace — Carl Engel ..." 6Heavens — kouis Untermeyer 42I*es Bisques — F. Leger Fish — William Carlos Williams Two University Professors — John Dos Passos 59Nature Morte — Marcoussis y2If You Had Three Husbands — Gertrude Stein y4Theatre — John Rodker Paysage Anim£ — F. Leger ygDedicated to the Enemy — Gordon Craig g0Portrait del' Artiste — Alice Halicka ggHomage to Siva — Romain Rolland ggComment — H. A. L, 94 TO A STARVING MAN John Gould Fletcher You haggard, ragged caricature of manCowering alone upon the rain-swept pavement,Out of the mighty city I bring myself to you,Your wolf-like pallid face and matted hair are sacred ;Sacred your lean grey throat, your knotted stringy hands.Your coat pinned at the neck, frayed and mud-stained trousers,Your bulging shoes, through which the bare toes pass,Your dirty greasy hat shrouding the aching eyes,All these are beautiful ; like a ruined cityYou watch, about you weeds and desolation,But in the midst of you a human soul.You who slip down the last glissade to death,Man starving without hope, whose empty heartHolds but the last despair, the dreadful peace of God ;I who have wrought for fifteen years in songCome now and stand beside you ; we are one.You will even hear the song I make of you,I will not even know the thoughts you hold of me ;Let there be but between us now two pairs of eyesGazing into each other's depth ; and night, and nothingness. i Henri Matisse. Painting. Courtesy Bernheim-Jeune Gallery — Paris. THE NEW CONDITIONS OF LITERARY PHENOMENA Jean Epstein The fact that the world has changed can only have a theoretical importance,furnish material for hypotheses, or pass unnoticed, a simple probability verylikely true. It is our knowledge of the world that has changed. The sum totalof errors, of approximations, of arbitrary or experimental opinions —• withwhich thought weaves a net to cast over objects whose meshes then break andmust be laced up again — that changes astonishingly in the course of ten years.It is true something remains of the old concepts, but those that were too muchat variance with the new conditions of life have been expeditiously effaced,or at least sufficiently transformed so as no more to oppose events but to followthem. Literature, that automatic register of human sensibility, is no morestable : a weathercock, showing the actual wind from the lofty plateaux of in- telligence, but unable to direct it on the dial of the compass.Wrhat are the new conditions of knowledge and life ? I The speed realized by man has given a new character to civilized life, spa- tial speed first of all. Cities are bonnd to each other by the close-woven networkof the rails Countries even more than cities. Automobiles roll along. Aero- planes, in a line which is still more direct, leap over distances. Continentsagain, even to a greater degree than countries, extend mobile bridges to oneanother.Every ten years the kilometre, like a depreciated banknote, loses in value.The word " far " has not the same meaning today as yesterday, nor as it willhave to-morrow. Waste lands become populous, cheap tracts quintuple inprice because a tramway, and that feed wire from which it licks up the sap ofamperes and volts, now passes through a suburb. We travel eight hundredkilometres to divert ourselves, three thousand to sell a stock of furs. A newrace of men is born under the glazed waiting-rooms of the railroad stations andon the decks of ocean liners — the Cosmopolite. I not say do Internationalist.The Cosmopolite, notwithstanding the scorn with which some pronounce thatword, can be as good a patriot and as bad a Chauvinist as another man who has never left his county. The peoples know each other better, love and hateeach other more, but in the same proportion now as in former times. Weexchange customs, words, ideas. The possession of speed has spread the know- ledge of foreign tongues. There is no one to-day who does not know a fewwords of English, of German, of Italian. The absolute mastery of these languages,a rarity two century ago, is to-day nothing unusual. To create astonishmentnow, it is necessary to know four or live languages at a time. The juxtapositionof dialects in the same brain means the juxtaposition of grammars. Grammaris the most simple, the most definite form of the logic" peculiar to each people.These logics of expression, which hinder association, nevertheless influence, in- terpenetrate, sustain, combat and modify each other reciprocally. Thoughtlittle by little, changes its moulds.Besides, the beautiful legendary geography of the old books is dead. No moreare there countries eternally lost in the mist, nor waste shores, nor mountainson which one picks up turquoises by the shovelfull. One has retraced a hundredthousand times the travels of Marco Polo, but they are no longer the same.Venice is less beautiful for being precisely so many hours and minutes from Pa- lis. The acquisition of spatial velocity has progressively created geography.Thanks to it, white-haired astronomers run after eclipses and comets and catchthem up. Did not spatial velocity take part in the formation of those firstcrystals of nitro-glycerine between Vienna and London ? It modifies thelanguage which neighboring peoples ornament wirh new words, alters the logicof utterance, grammar, thought ; hence every brain. It carries contagions ofideas from one pole to another. It modifies commerce, the bank, that is to saythe foundation of our civilization. Money, that blood of the world, circulatesmore rapidly because the heart of the locomotive beats more quickly. Theearth is small.All this has modified literature, that mobile countenance of a people. II Beside spatial velocity there is the velocity of thought. When we ask aquestion of several individuals, who are more or less cultivated, more or lessintelligent, we receive at times the answer even before we have finished framingthe question. At other times, we must wait several seconds. This delay, thistime lost in understanding, is extremely variable. Its duration depends on thegreater or lesser thought-speed of the individual under consideration. Thismental rapidity not only shows individual variations, but national variations,from country to country, from race to race.If we wish to see the experimental demonstration of this phenomenon, we can find it in the cinema. The fact is that the films register and measure thought- speed. The rapidity with which the episodes, the vicissitudes, and even thegestures succeed and are built upon each other on the screen —• a rapiditywhich is controlled and proportioned by the producer in such a manner thathis customary public can follow the scenario without either fatigue or boredom,a rapidity which corresponds to the average mental speed of his public •— variesaccording to the country from which the film comes. Italian films can be takenas an example of those which reveal their meaning most slowly. They borethe French spectator, for instance, who does not know how to occupy his mindduring those superfluous ten seconds during which the scene of mimicked con- versation lasts, because he understood it ten seconds sooner than the averageItalian spectator for whom the film was made. Oh the contrary, certain Amer- ican films testify to considerable mental speed : in order to follow the actionthere is not truly three seconds to squander in distractions. Evidently, thereare some spectators left behind, lost, who ask help of their neighbors. Inliteratures, the same difference is naturally evident, but the film presents thisdifference in the more definite fashion of a registering machine.On the other hand, one should not necessarily identify mental speed withgeneral intelligence.Let us suppose a people "A" between two peoples " B " and " C " ofwThom one " B " thinks more quickly, and the other " C " more slowly. Spatialspeed permits contact between these three peoples. If the middle people "A "interests itself in the products of the intellectual activity of its two neighbors,it will notice by degrees its superiority over the people " C whose slownessof thought becomes then a source of irritation.On the contrary, the thought-speed, of the other people " B " obliges thepeople " A " to make an effort if it wishes to understand, to stay on a level, andnot be a source of irritation in its turn. Certain lazy folk will abandon the pur- suit. Others, will go into training and will attain a greater thought-speed, justas a coming man in the boxing game progressively acquires his maximum speed.Little by little, very slowly it is true, the picked few will be followed by themass of onlookers or of readers. So it will happen that the thought-speed ofthe middle people " A " will grow.That mental speed in the past has increased cannot be doubted. Universalcompulsory education, which is not perhaps the omnitherapeutic panacea,has at least done this, unless, instead of being the cause of this change, it hasbeen only the simple consequence.Therefore, it is quite natural that certain kinds of modern French literatureare veritable tours de force from the point of view of mental speed. The steno- gram passes from the merchant to the poet. III Civilization, which is far indeed from being a simple word, presents forconsideration an infinite nnmber of views of the same object. Innumerableapparatuses, complicated and delicate, supplement the information about theworld given us by our eyes, ears, and finger-tips. Just according to the numberof the apparatuses by which we extend one or other of our senses —- be therefive or more — just so many new deformations are recorded by the intelligence.By deformation, Ido not mean error or false deformation. All philosophies andall skepticisms lie in ambush for this word which I employ innocently. A lineappears straight to my naked eye, and curved seen through a glass; this is adeformation. That is all I intend to say.One is not content with these deformations. As they differ from the per- ceptions of our bare senses, which we are astonished to see transformed when wewished merely to amplify their range — just as a cannon's range is augmentedin keeping very exactly the direction of the original trajectory — so we overlaythese deformations with new deformations, on the pretext, perhaps legitimate, ofcorrecting them. We take account in every experience, in every calculation, ofthe absolute error and the relative error, and thus we introduce the subtle, theimponderable, the uncontrollable error of the error, and the error of removing theerror and believing it removed. All this the intelligence notes, tries to under- stand, feeds upon and digests in its belly, like the sly beast it is.The machine technology of civilization, the innumerable instrumentationsthat encumber laboratories, factories, hospitals, photographic studios, and elec- trical shops, the engineer's table and the architect's drawing-board, the aviator'sseat, the moving picture theatre, the optician's show window and even the tool- kit of the carpenter allows man an infinite variety of angles of observation. Op- tics especially — and what is there atonishing in this, in a civilization which isessentially optical — hangs its lenses round our necks like the amulets on theneck of an Indian chief. And all these instruments : telephone, microscope,magnifying glass, cinematograph, lens, microphone, gramophone, automobile,kodak, aeroplane, are not merely dead objects. At certain moments thesemachines become part of ourselves, interposing themselves between the world andus, filtering reality as the screen filters radium emanations. Thanks to them,we have no longer a simple, clear, continuous, constant notion of an object. Manhas seen a landscape not only with his naked eyes while walking, but blurredby speed through the window of a train, with eyes bitten by wind and dust fromthe front seat of an automobile, from the height of an aeroplane, spread flatlike a geographical museum reproduction, through field glasses, in a diorama,in photographs, taken from left, from right, in sunlight, in shadow, with or without diaphragm, in the cinema, painted by a painter, drawn by another artist,sung by a poet; man has not one memory of this landscape ;he has a thousanddifferent ones, which may or may not resemble each other. The world for mantoday is like descriptive geometry, with its infinite planes of projection. Every- thing possesses hundreds of apparent diameters which never superimposeexactly. A voice heard naturally, then heard springing from the black graphiteof the telephone, then finally resounding when the sapphire delivers it from thedisc, is no longer, whatever one may say, the simple voice, the same voice.Nasal intonations reveal themselves, new sounds remain in the memory;henceforward one will listen to them differently. An historical reconstructionin a theatre or on the screen strikes out for a few half hours twenty centuriesof time. The instantaneous photograph has discovered gestures which the eyenow divines and the hand reproduces. We notice how suddenly a face on thescreen shows itself to be different. A wrinkle appears that we failed to noticefor twenty years : but from now on we shall have learned to see it.This unheard of complexity of perceptions which modern civilized lifeoffers ordinarily to our intelligences, this intellectual surcharge whereby ahundred different images correspond to a single object has not been withoutinfluence on modern French literature. IV Arbitrarily, and to satisfy our mania for " here begins " and " there ends, "the domain of thought, of imagination, of kinesthesia, ourselves, even our brain,all that circumscribes and encloses the pale air-tight limit of skin is opposedto the domain of acts, of apparent gestures, and of things exterior to ourselves.Self-observation and auto-psychology exploit, as an inexhaustible quarry, thisdomain or interior kingdom as certain people rather pompously call it.Let us take the case of a man who fills a small office position. His exteriorlife is, so to speak, nothing at all. All day long with knees under the table,his chest barred by the front of his desk, he hibernates, muttering over columnsof figures. His evenings are enlivened by the watering of his little garden ; hisSundays by a cigar and a walk in the suburbs. He hasn't been to the theatrefor ten years. Once or twice he has traveled on an excursion train. Never- theless, this man can be a philosopher, a poet, an observer, intelligent, cultivated.He reads. The walls of his room crumble away perhaps when he choses, andreveal the landscapes wherein he would have amused himself had he beenallowed to live there. On a limitless stage, he is at once playwright, actor andpartial critic. He may meditate on the august laws of the new theogonies.Miracles grow fertilely under the hands of this careful gardener and he trims in diverse fashions the leafy trees of wisdom that their shade may be less dense.His shortsighted clerk's eyes, blinking behind glasses, see the galloping unicornspass, and sometimes he screws them up under the diaphragm of his pupilsto mask an enormous and disdainful laugh. He listens to himself living, like adoctor bent over the stethescope which trembles with the beating of a heart.His sensibility, which may even be exquisite, warns him of the passing of a thou- sand things which escape the athlete, whose life only swells his muscles, or thebusiness man who recognizes as a warning nothing but the shrill ringing of thetelephone, or the explorer who smothers nostalgia by a siesta. A discreet lifeis not always an empty one. To inhale existence sweetly through a strawcan offer the palate richer feasts than gorging oneself with double mouthfulls.But it seems that civilization clearly orients life " inward " and not " out- ward. " General education, in spite of its frequent failure, puts self-observationwithin the reach of a greater number of people. The advertisements with whichwe now greet cancer, tuberculosis, sub-alimentation and epidemics counsel mento examine themselves, to listen to their kinesthetic sensations, to take frightat the least internal disorder, at the slightest alarm signal of the nervous system.Doctors are more numerous today than yesterday, and as they live one presumesthey dont lack for patients. Not that there are more sick people — that wouldhave to be proved — but because there are more people who know they are sick.The inquietude, doubtless unnecessary, created by statistics on the increasein the frequency of cancer is caused by this better self-observation as muchas by the improvements in diagnosis. And the beginnings of illnesses are of- ten insidious. How much attention is therefore given to kinesthesia. And Ihave had the occasion to show elsewhere what close relation, almost identitylink the kinesthesia of an individual to his subconsciousness, and his subconscious- ness to his religious feelings and his intelligence.Another cause, due to civilization, for the orientation of thought " inward "is manual laziness. Of course, longshoremen, athletes, carpenters still exist.But in how many trades have the arm, the hand, the shoulder, the foot been re- placed by a transmission belt and a few gears and pulleys ? More and morethe workman, his hand on a lever, merely oversees the silent, regular, docileworking of a machine. A wipe with a bit of waste now and then, a few dropsof oil. Between times, in the intervals of muscular inactivity, what would onehave the workman do but think, and think of himself and his life, of the meansof bettering it ? Other professions have become exclusively cerebral: the busi- ness man, the banker, the station master, the contractor, the broker, combine,reflect, wait, decide. To be sure, they do not always think of their inner life,but when by chance one day they do think of it, all their intellectual agilityacquired in the course of their other exercises suddenly drills a well in them, from which henceforth, Artesian, autopsychology spouts up like the liquid arcof petroleum in American landscapes.Books of philosophy and abstract speculation sell up to ten thousand copies.Publishers print them. Who has not his library today, not to mention his news- papers ?This orientation of thought " inward " has had its extremely strong reper- cussion on modern French literature. V I have sufficiently demonstrated that civilized life is above all cerebral,above all nervous.The banker, hanging on the telephone, his eyes on the stuttering Morse, re- members figures, calculates, interrupts himself to dictate an order to his steno- grapher, signs thirty signatures with a recalcitrant fountain pen, foreseesto-morrow's quotations, thinking of what they were six months ago, multiplies,divides, lunches quickly, gets into his auto, and goes back to his work. Thelocomotive engineer reads the slope of the gradients which obstinately verticallittle posts hold out to him, guages the effort of the brakes, notes the speed ofthe train, its weight, foresees the curve, the tunnel, tries to make up over a runof fifty kilometers, the time that has been lost, watches the signals, the steamguage, the water level. The captain of the steamship must be at once astro- nomer, meteorologist, mathematician, engineer, electrician and sometimes judge.The storm, before taking place, lives in his brain. The possible iceberg, theocean current which carries it along, the speed which exhausts the coal bunkers,the sudden call by wireless ;he thinks of all these. And the engineer, the aviat- or's mechanic, the photographer who is a chemist, and the chemist who veri- fies the alimentation of a city of five hundred thousand inhabitants, and pre- pares the exact explosion of a shell or blasts a rock nearly a cubic metre in size,and the pharmacist who weighs the chances of poisoning in tiny little scales,and the farmers who now understand the mechanism of their tractors, the chem- istry of their fertilizers, the geology of their soil, veterinary therapeutics, me- teorology and the botany of their crops, the physics of their drainage. . . Every- body knows how to read, write, calculate, drive an automobile, take a bicycleto pieces, clean a lock or a revolver, interpret the Stock Exchange returns,appreciate an altitude record. People read the Year Book of the Bureau ofLongitude, the Manual of Bridges and Pavements, every one knows by heartthe metric system, the solar system, grammar, the table of logarythms, the symp- toms of fifteen maladies, the time tables, the characteristics of twenty ma,kes of motors, their speed records, their best running time and their consumption ofgas per hundred kilometers.I/ife is so cerebral and intense that it is logical to foresee signs of intellectualfatigue. It is not a question of a malady but a modification of the organismand particularly of a modification of the most sensitive organism, because thecommanding organism, the brain. Ido not mean to say — and I conjure allthe Max Nordaus of the Earth to listen to me — that the intelligent man hasbecome a poor sick being, half mad, unbalanced, separated only by the widthof two fingers from perdition. Far from that. Man has never seemed to me sobeautiful and so capable and so energetic as this day in which I live. But intruth, it is undeniable that he has changed, and today the most important fac- tor in the change is the intensely cerebral, intensely nervous life of humanity, alife which normally, logically, evidently, inevitably entails fatigue, a fatiguecorresponding to the nervous expenditure, that is to say cerebral and intellect- ual. A light fatigue, universal in the measure that civilization is universal, notpathological, since it is not exceptional in the new state of health.For states of health change. The Ammonites with their complicated sut- ures who have succeeded Ammonites with simple sutures cannot be consideredabnormal compared with their predecessors. Present day horses are not abnormalin comparison with the three-toed fossil horses of the Myocene. They are differ- ent, that is all. us be content with noticing the change without consideringit morally. Decadence ? One can speak of intellectual decadence when oneknows the point of departure and the objective that has been missed. Do weknowT the origin and objective of the human intelligence ? Perhaps there are nonew maladies — that is still to be seen — but there is new health — and anew organic state of civilized humanity, a new biological equilibrium on thefrontier of pathogenesis, there where it has always been.This fatigue, this health coloured with fatigue must not be exaggerated either.It is of no more importance than the traces of chemicals specified on the labelsof mineral water bottles. One must look very closely to perceive this fatigue.As to valuing it exactly, it is still imponderable. But such as it is, it is clearlyindicated in the civilized literatures of modern countries : German, Italian,English or French.Spatial speed, mental speed, multiplication of intellectual images andthe deformations of these images, extension of auto-observation and of the im- portance given to the interior life, cerebral life and the fatigue that results fromit. Such are the most important conditions under which the contemporaryliterary phenomenon comes into being. GOLDEN FOX Edgar Lee Masters Whether you hunt the fox four-footed,Or the fox two-footed;A rusty tail that shakes descendingBelow the rim of a hill,Or a woman with ruddy hair —Corn-tasselled in streaks — natural you know !Not blondined — a woman who hides and runs —What's the difference, John, good John ?Foxes know nothing of anise hags,But fox women — have a care !If you don't, you'll chase the anise bagAnd she'll be off another way.Anyway, here's the sport — all justified :How7 to overtake with fox-thoughts,Hounds we'll say, the fox, the woman.Sometimes a fox looks over a ridge ;Sometimes between the leaves and clusters of wild grapes,Greens and purples and tangles of cinnamon colored vines,You see the tawny triangle of a wistful face,And two gray eyes : —I explain : You're at a dance, we'll say,And your fox woman looks up at you.Grapes ? You have had drinks.Greens and purples ? Other dancing women.Vines ? The plexus of amorous music.And you hold her waist and think you have caught her.But she slips your hands of fleshWhen you press her tight with words,Where is your husband, my dear ?And answers in heaven, changing her faceFrom fox to angel. And what has happened ? She's tossed the anise bag, and your houndsOf fancy run for the beautiful,The spiritual.And your fox, has slipped your fingers,And runs with a laugh to the arborWhere she eats grapes, while watchingYour mad pursuit of the anise bag.Oh ho ! Call back my hounds,Here is the .fox in the arbor,Eating grapes.Yes, here she is in the arbor — her den,Designed by herself, but paid forBy the man in heaven.Beautiful suites ! Connecting suites !Close hall doors and throw little locksOn connecting doors, and beholdA suite with only a room betweenMy lair and hers.Grapes ? Yes, here is the arbor,And the golden fox is caught at last.She purrs here, laughs and cuddlesTamed amid the grapes.But the next morning triste as a tired childMore anise trails : — give me delights of the mind !And she points to pictures of aged hunters,Glassy eyed veterans with the white rirn of sclerosisAround the dimmed iris : — friends ! friends !Heroes of the mind, the soul : — more anise,Friends who have been heie, but on the basis of friendship.For you are the first to come here this way — and youHave bowed my head and taken my hand.For I am not as these ! (pointing to pictures of other foxesThick on the wall around the picturesOf the tired hunters, winded veterans of the chase,Friends ! friends ! Companions of the soul !)That was an excellent smear of the anise bag !And I was nearly off, chasing the disassociate,The make-believe of a fox, When she turns to the memory of grapes,Eaten a few hours before,With her little red tongue insatiateLacking the pulpy ooze,Between burst skins.So we tumble off the starry-pointed peakWhither she had scampered, with her golden fur,Alluring the hunter soul of meTo the den of tangled leaves,And scented grasses warm from the sun.Well, golden fox, if there be two of you,I must hunt my best.There may be three of you :The fox that snarls and shows her teethWhen one of the other two of youIs trapped and tied.After this, many visits to the den.She is now my pet fox, can be stroked at will;Curls up on my breast to sleep,Her little cold nose stuck under my chin,Sniffing delicious breath ; she's mine,And says so — all yours, she says — no anise bag.Until when I come to go she wTeeps —Which reminds me : —A piccolo carries a theme, or a string or two.But let the viols catch it over here and the horns,Then companies of violins, then drums,Flutes, saxophones, the roll of the organ,And you have a symphony,And in every woman, fox or what not,Something gives her the tune and pitchThe key, the tone-color — same theme, I mean.And you, you are just another harpTo her orchestra and to swell the themeOf her symphony.So she to me : as a little girlI lost a string of amber beads,I lose everything ; And I shall lose you : many tears !The anise gets in her eyes, perhaps,And I see her throw the bag as I say,Oh, no ! You will not lose me.Yes, but now many hounds in the distance howl:They sense I have caught the golden fox.Toothless bitches, and younger sluts,But with yellow teeth begin to howl.My golden fox pricks up her ears, in a triceIs trotting off, and I let her go.For she's tamed now, known to the tiniest nerveOf her wild and mixed and timorous brain,Changeable, whimsical, childish, vain.And she shows her teeth as she trots away.She would tear my hand if I gave her a chance.But I have tamed her and she will returnOr set up a cry from her hiding placeAnd call me there.And pretty soon, as I do not follow,Cries go up, from the Sierras.She's there, but will soon be offTo parts unknown — more anise !Cries, telegrams to be plain.So I walk, but do not run to the Sierras,And find her there,Petted and curled in the lap of Aunt Visyana,And lying with closed eyes — so sweet!Head on shoulder of Aunt Visyana;Her little Puck eyebrowsGiving a humorous innocenceTo her little fox face;A pale cherub : cramps from forbidden apples :Memories of being caught,But caught in the toils of Narcissism,Marvelously chaperoned against a wicked man !There's no such thing as grapes, and never was ;No sweet pulp oozing between burst skins,No nest of fragrant grass under vines, No dens with locks that softly click.No ! there are mountains and nothing else,Nature, and nothing else;Noble thoughts ! music ! I am a beast,She says to me and a hunter —Are you not ashamed in the presence of mountainsThat you put traps of steelUnder the matted masses of sweet grassTo catch the delicate feet of a little girl — me ?And Aunt Visyana says to beware you.She sighs like a seedless pod, being all spirit,And pets the golden fox, protects herAnd frowns on meAs a red faced Satan tracking an angel,A spirit pure as whitest fire —■Maybe — but why am I here ?Why telegrams ?But after a wrhile, we walk in the mountains,What for ? Thrill of high places,Ivights of sunset, stars at dusk.All right, stars, smell of pine needles, nature,Spiritual raptures !But when we get thereShe is the golden fox again :Laughs and shifts her eyes, pants, shows teeth,Eats grapes from my hand — many kisses ;Runs here and there : anise theatricals.Oh, Aunt Visyana, come and see.Come and hear the bitter prattle,Snarls of the golden fox !Other lovers ! favors ? None of your business !Anyway, wishers to be husbands, not just hunters,Trappers like you, you beast !Come let me stroke the corn tassel hair of you,Part it from the strawberry hair of you,I love you, you know ! Call back my hounds.Craftier work ; grapes hung on hedges,Fat pigeons laid on pits ;That is I grow sad, ask forgiveness for sin, Say I am going away — farewell ! farewell !And so leave Aunt Visyana — trust me.Come to the city from the Sierras,Where we may beAlone in the last sacred hours !Well, she conies, takes a den,Locks and doors you know.Oh, Aunt Visyana, come and see !Grapes ! wine and sweet pulp,Dropping from the burst skins, riotous sweetness.Laughter and abandonment, surrender,Being wholly tamed again —Until she brings in poodles and terriers :Prospective husbands ! Or lovers ? More .anise !Hints of strolls, little mysterious sighs around,Snapping of real sparks at timesFrom the standing on end of golden fur.But anyway, it's a tame fox now,Only a tamed fox plays with poodles,Or an anise bag with a clock insideTo move tufted feetAround with the feet of poodles.Well, then I walk off, not worried,And walk back not interested — not muchTo find — Come, Aunt Visyana :Here is your angel asleep beside a poodle.Closed lid under Puck eyebrows,Smear of grapes on her lips —And to end, I scotch the io±And here's the pelt,I nail it 011 the wall of my habitation. Alice Halicka. Moissons en Ile-de-France. BLACK JACK KERRIGAN Israel Solon I Andrew Kerrigan, a tall, broad-boned, powerful man, sold mustard andchowchow that he prepared with his own hard hands in the reeking kitchenof his cottage in Elston Avenue west of the rolling mills. Every day of the yearexcept Sundays and holidays, from sunup to sunset, and in all weathers, AndrewKerrigan strode up one street and down another, a twelve quart covered woodenbucket in either hand. He never changed his gait and never changed his route,striding the same streets regularly on the same day once every week, and neveroftener than once every week.Andrew Kerrigan never called his wares and never offered them to anyone ;he strode right ahead and looked neither to the right nor the left nor in frontof him, paying no attention to anybody unless he was called ; and in themaking of his sales he aimed to get along with the fewest possible numberof words. After dealing with him for as many as thirty years, many of hiscustomers knew that his name was Kerrigan, " Mr. Kerrigan," and little elseabout him.They would not have known his name had he not insisted on their know- ing it. During the many years that he strode the same streets, he had i,aughtthe housewives to address him as " Mr. Kerrigan," or they would go withouta relish to set on the table for dinner. Andrew Kerrigan would pass right bythe wife of some laborer newly moved to the neighborhood, never showingany sign that he heard or noticed her, if she had failed to address him properly.And if she called after him he would stop long enough to turn his head aboutand, without setting his buckets down or removing the pipe from betweenhis long teeth, he would bark back at her."My name is not ' Hey,' woman ! My name is Kerrigan, Mr. Kerrigan ! "He would resume his striding before the astonished housewiie had time torealise the nature of her offence.Many an inquisitive housewife, hoping to learn more about him, had triedto engage him in conversation, beginning with some reference to the weatheror to the state of his health. But always there was the same result. The wordswould come sizzling from between his long teeth. " And what sort of weather would you be having now, woman ? " Or,depending on the nature of the reference, he would snarl back at her, " Whywouldn't Ibe looking well, woman ? " Or, " Don't let you be worryingyourself about my health, woman ! "Andrew Kerrigan shared his four room cottage in Elston Avenue west ofthe rolling mills with his son Johnny. Johnny Kerrigan did not live with hisfather ; nobody could live with Andrew Kerrigan. Johnny's mother had triedit and given it up when Johnny was still an infant.Johnny Kerrigan had never been allowed any playmates, and nobodyever came to visit him. In fair weather Johnny Kerrigan would play all byhimself in their back yard, among the rubbish collected there by his father ;or he would dig with the piece of an old fire shovel among the cinders droppedthere by the passing switch engines or from the tall steel smoke-stacks of therolling mills ; and in cold or rainy weather Johnny Kerrigan would play withthe pile of junk his father had assigned to him in one of the corners of theirkitchen, stale with the tobacco smoke of more than thirty years — he wouldplay with the metal parts of old wash wringers and washing machines, ribsof broken umbrellas, broken handles of sadirons, old spoons, knives and forksfrom which the plating had worn off with use, jar and bottle stoppers, suspenderbuckles and corset steels : he would play with the pile of junk his father wasalways adding to. Summer or winter, Johnny Kerrigan was never permittedto go beyond the front and rear gates, which his father always kept locked.When Johnny was six years old his father sent him to the Public Schoolin Ashland Avenue, less than three blocks away, saying," Don't you be stopping on the way, going or coming ; and don't you behaving anything to say to anybody at all. Just you keep your mouth shuttight, no matter what's said to you, going or coming. Did you hear me at all ?Mind what I'm telling you. Don't you go blabbering to anybody. If you don'twant the hide taken off you! ''Johnny required neither his father's threats nor his warnings. He knewnothing that he could have told to anybody ; and he had long since given upthe asking of questions. His father was a hard teacher, and there were butfew things he had ever taught his son, but the few things he did teach him hehad taught with such violence that Johnny never forgot them. One of the thingsJohnny Kerrigan had learnt was that he must never use his mouth in speech." Don't you be letting the like of that troubling you, boy. You had betterbe minding you don't get your -knuckles rapped for you, or something worsemaybe.That was as good as the best answer that Johnny ever got from his father.Early one Saturday morning, when Johnny was seven years old, his father shook him out of sleep and. told him to hurry and put his clothes on him ; therewas a vegetable pedlar waiting for him. While Johnny was still heavy and slowwith sleep, his father pushed him in front of him, out the rear door and acrossthe back yard, and through the rear gate, talking all the while." You want to be minding everything the pedlar will be saying to you,do you hear ! And be sure to bring home the silver half dollar the pedlarwill be giving you, and don't you be losing of it on the way. Do you hearme at all ? Do as you are told, if you don't want to be given your own headto play with."Johnny climbed to the seat beside the pedlar without saying a word.The pedlar gave Johnny a sugar-covered bun and a big red apple to eat allby himself. This did much to place Johnny in an expectant mood. Thebreakfast was more than he had expected and better than he had ever eatenas long as he could lemember.The pedlar drove far out to the north side without a stop, and from therebegan to sell his wares, driving closer into town as he went on. Johnny hadnever suspected that there were so many beautiful houses in all the world.There were just miles and miles of them. I,ots and lots of them had grass andtrees all around them, and nice white cement walks that ran way back.The grass at first felt rather mushy underfoot, and Johnny did not knowwhether he liked walking on grass or not ; but by the time it got warmer he learntto like walking and running on the grass ; after a while he liked running onthe grass plots between the houses even better than on the white cement walks.Running up and down the painted clean steps Johnny liked from the very first.It was no trouble at all to him to take two steps at a time going up ; after manyattempts he got so he could take two steps at a time going down, too. Onlythat he got tired lots sooner than he had expected, though he could not havebeen got to admit it under torture. He had even tried taking three steps ata time, but his legs weren't long enough.Johnny got to see the insides of many kitchens. They were wonderfullyclean and the)' smelt nice, and the floors were whiter than the new lumberhe saw going by their own cottage door every day on the wagons from the lum- ber yards. Lots of swell ladies talked to him ; and he would have liked to talkto them too, only he was afraid his father might find it out.It was almost lunch time, although the factory whistles had not begun toblow yet, when Johnny was sent to carry a peck of apples into a lady's kitchen.She was dressed all in white, lots of thin white fluffy things one over the other.He had never in all his life before been so close to such a wonderful creature.He was so close behind her that he could have touched her with his finger.It was all he could do to keep his finger back from touching her. His finger kept on wanting to touch her and he didn't know why. The lady asked Johnnyto wTait a moment in the kitchen while she went into the next room to get themoney for the apples. Then Johnny noticed the most wonderful thing hehad ever seen.Lying there on the window-sill close beside him was the most wonderfulyellow7 shiny little gold watch he had ever seen. It was much littler than alittle potato and lots flatter. Johnny was just as sure as anything that it wasa lady's gold watch, He had never really seen a lady's gold watch. He tookone small step and bent over a little, so as to be able to look at it closer. Thenhe heard it make the most curious sort of noise, and he was wondering whatit might be saying.Johnny never quite knew how it happened; it was all done before heknew it. His hand went out without his ever wanting it to ; and when the handreturned to him there was the little thing right in his hand, and it felt as funn3ras anything, and it kept right on making that curious noise. Then he heardthe lady's steps as she was coming back into the kitchen. The tiny watch inhis hand seemed to be making a bigger noise all the time, and he was afraidit was going to tell on him, and he wanted to hit it on the floor and step on it,but the lady was coming back and he had only just time enough to stick hishand into his pocket. He gave the watch a good squeeze, so it would shutup, but it went on just the same, and Johnny was becoming more scared everymoment. Pie was sure the lady would hear the watch making all that noise.As the lady about to enter the kitchen, Johnny wanted to cry outthat he hadn't meant to take it, that it was only his hand had done it,but the lady smiled on him as she came in, gave him the money and even apenny for himself. All his fears left him instantly, and he wanted to keepthe little watch. Apparently the lady could not hear the noise the watchwas making.Johnny was anxious to get out of that kitchen as quickly as possible.He wanted to make one leap out the door, but he changed his mind and walkedout slowly. All the way back to the pedlar's wagon Johnny walked slowly,though with uneven steps, some of them longer than others. He turned themoney over to the pedlar and began to pull himself into the seat, but bythat time his arms and legs felt so wreak that they refused to pull him up.Suddenly Johnny began to cry, and he told the pedlar that he was tootired and he would have to go home right away. He began to cry louder, sayinghe would have to go home, he had to go home, and before the pedlar couldsay anything, Johnny began to run home.The pedlar called after him to come back. Johnny came back step bystep, rubbing his eyes with his closed fists. He kept repeating that he was tired and had to go home ; but the pedlar told him that it was near lunchtime, and they would be eating their lunch in a little while and Johnny couldbe resting, and that he would not have to run so hard after lunch.Johnny did not know what to do. He thought he would run into the lady'skitchen and place the watch back on the window-sill while the lady was notlooking. But instead he burst out crying and fled as hard as he could go, cryinglike a terrified puppy.Johnny had run a number of blocks before he became aware that he didnot know the way home. He knew that he must not ask a policeman. He ranand walked by turns and rubbed his tear-filled eyes with the back of his hands.When he came across a boy no bigger than himself he dared to ask for theway home. Everybody knew where the rolling mills were, and Johnny knewthat when he got to where he could see the tall steel smoke-stacks he would beable to find the way himself. Once he risked asking a boy considerably biggerthan himself. The boy looked him up and down several times before he madeany reply. Johnny felt that the boy was going to attempt to take the watchaway from him, and he made up his mind that he would kill the boy if he at- tempted to lay hold of him. He did not know just how he was going to ac- complish that, but he felt strong enough just then to have killed a policeman.Fortunately, the boy told Johnny the way to the rolling mills and made no at- tempt at all to take the watch away from him ; only that after Johnny hadtaken a few steps the boy cried after him and called him a " Bohunk. " Butthis only made Johnny smile a small, bittei smile, because Johnny wasn't a" Bohunk" at all and didn't even look like one.Johnny ran into the alley back of their cottage, climbed the back fence,and let himself drop down into the back yard. He took the piece of an old fireshovel that he always dug with, scraped away the cinders and dug a holeby the side-of the second post from the rear gate. The hole was so big thatit held both his hands all the way to the wrists. He then looked around tomake sure that nobody was observing him, took the watch out of his left pocket,placed it at the bottom of the hole, covered it with a fiat stone, then with thedirt and after that with the cinders. He then stamped the little mound downwith his bare feet, so nobody would be able to find the watch and steal it fromhim. That done, Johnny suddenly felt hungry. He went into the kitchen,took the big knife and cut himself a thick slice of bread, then covered it witha thick layer of bacon-fry. It then occured to Johnny that it would be niceto eat the bread on the fiont steps, where he could watch who might be com- ing along.He walked leisurely to the front gate, biting of his bread as he went along.He was rather more awkward than usual in walking. He had tired himself that morning far more than he was aware of. Once or twice he stepped on hisown toes, but Johnny paid no attention to that. Instead of going up the frontsteps as he had intended, he climbed the front gate and leaned over the top,looking up and down Elston Avenue. Hanging by his armpits, he bit intothe bread until his mouth was well filled. Johnny discovered that by doingthat, he could chew a longer time without having to take another bite ; inthe meanwhile he could be kicking out with both legs behind him, like a mule.It then occured to Johnny that it must be time for Tom Kiernan, the po- liceman who lived up Elston Avenue aways, to be going home for lunch. TomKiernan always said "Hello " to Johnny when he saw him, but Johmtyhadnever been able to make up his mind about Tom Kiernan, He never knewwhether he ought to be afraid of Tom Kiernan or not. Generally, Johnnycould not trust himself to stand close to the front gate when Tom Kiernanwent by. He used to retreat a piece, and stand between the cottage and thefence, so that if Tom Kiernan were to attempt to get hold of Johnny, he couldrun away into the house and hide himself before Tom Kiernan could climbover the front fence. This time Johnny was not the least bit frightened. Hedropped from the gate, ran between the cottage and the fence, and, with thebread in his left hand, he began to dig up the watch. But that was not fastenough for him, and so he took the bread between his teeth and commencedto dig with both hands. In another minute he held the watch in his hands.It was still making that strange noise as loud as ever.For a moment Johnny did not know what to do with the watch. Thenhe took a big bite of the bread and put it away. He placed the watch on astone and struck it with another one. He had to strike at it a number of timesbefore it became quite still. After that he struck at it a number of more times,until he had pounded it flat almost, before he felt satisfied that it was notmerely letting on to be dead. By this time he had lost all interest in it, andhe threw it into the hole and covered it up quickly without paying any moreattention to the way be was doing the job, and he did not take the troublethis time to stamp the ground down.By this time he had the bread all eaten. Still Johnny thought that itwould be nice to sit on the front steps and watch who might be coming along.A short time later, Johnny saw Tom Kiernan coming along, and it occured toJohnny that it would be nice to go into the kitchen now to play with the junk.Tom Kiernan stopped at the front gate, and Johnny could hear him tryingto open it. Johnny stole up quietly and looked through the open door leadingfrom the kitchen. He was careful to show as little of himself as possible. Hesaw Tom Kiernan going away and he gave a little chuckle. He was glad thegate was locked. But after a little while Tom Kiernan was at the rear gate in the alley. Tom Kiernan tried that gate, too, but it was locked ; and justas Johnny began to think that Tom Kiernan would be going away, he sawhim climbing over the gate.For a moment Johnny remained sitting on the floor, keeping as still as hecould. Then he crawled out on all fours and hid himself under his father's bed.Tom Kiernan walked up the rear steps and knocked on the door frame,saying." Where are you, Johnny ? Come out here. I want to tell you something."Johnny knew better than to come out. In another minute Tom Kiernanwas inside the kitchen. Still he kept saying." Where are you, Johnny ? Come out here. I want to tell you something."Johnny was breathing as quietly as he could. The next minute Tom Kier- nan walked right in where Johnny lay hidden under that bed, and the nextinstant Johnny felt himself being dragged out by the foot.Then Johnny began to scream as he had never screamed before in his life.Tom Kiernan lifted Johnny by one aim and tried to set him on his feet, butJohnny's arms and legs shook so that he could not stand up by himself, andTom Kiernan had to hold Johnny by the arm to keep him from falling to thefloor. All this while Johnny kept shrieking with all his strength and TomKiernan kept saying." Hush up, now, won't you ! Nobody is going to harm you at all. Whatare you afraid of ? Hush up, now, won't you ! "Tom Kiernan let go of Johnny's arm as soon as he could stand up by him- self. Gradually Johnny quieted down, and Tom Kiernan said." Tell your father that officer Kiernan is coming back later, and for himnot to be going away anywhere."Johnny played with the junk in the kitchen all the afternoon withoutstopping. The games he played had no name ; they did not follow any rulesknown to him. He would arrange the various pieces of junk according to someorder that he would think of at the time. Pie would arrange them in a rowand talk to them as if they were persons, ordering them to move now to thisside now to that, to stand still, get up and sit down. And since they failedto do as they were ordered, he would handle them violently. " Didn't I tellyou to go over there ?" Thereupon he would move the particular knife or forkor piece of a wash-wringer over to where he had pointed, striking it violentlyagainst the floor as he moved it. " Now you stand here. Stand, I tell you !Didn't I tell you to stand ? " He made use of all the oaths that he knew, andbecause he did not know the meaning of most of them, he aimed to utter themin the same tone of voice that he had heard them uttered.When Johnny had come to believe that Tom Kiernan was not coming again, he heard a noise at the back fence, and he saw Tom Kiernan letting him- self down over the fence into the back yard. The next minute Tom Kiernanwas knocking at the door-frame. But Johnny kept right on playing with hisjunk, though silently this time." Did your father get back ? " Tom Kiernan said.Johnny did not answer him, but kept right on playing. Tom Kiernanwalked into the kitchen, helped himself to a chair and sat down. Johnny keptright on playing. Tom Kiernan said nothing, but just sat there watching Johnny.Johnny looked at Tom Kiernan with the corner of his eye and then at thekitchen table. The thought had come to Johnny that if he could steal overto the kitchen table, get hold of the big knife and sneak upon Tom Kiernanfrom behind, he could kill Tom Kiernan and buiy him in the back yard andnobody would know anything about it. He waited for a good opportunity ;from time to time his gaze would steal over to the kitchen table.But Tom Kiernan must somehow have got to know of Johnny's plan, forhe got up from the chair and said, "Be a good boy, now, Johnny." And hemoved his chair over into a corner of the kitchen, and from there continuedto watch Johnny. But Johnny could not play after that. Then Johnny thoughtthat he would just run away where nobody could find him. But again TomKiernan said, "Be a good boy, now, Johnny." Then Johnny's father came,and Tom Kiernan got up and said, " Good evening, Mr. Kerrigan." And John- ny's father said, " Good evening, Tom. " And then Tom Kiernan told John- ny's father that Captain Keogh wanted to see him at the West North AvenueStation, and for him to bring Johnny with him. Then all three went to the WestNorth Avenue Station, and Johnny's father walked so fast that Tom Kiernancould hardly keep up with him, and Johnny ran along behind.Johnny's father said, " Good evening, Andy," and Captain Keogh said," Good evening, Mr. Kerrigan." And the Captain opened a drawer of his deskand took out something and held it in his hand, and he told Johnny's fatherthat Johnny had stolen a lady's gold watch and smashed it with a stone andburied it in the back yard. Johnny thought that Captain Keogh must be adevil or a witch or something. Johnny stood up on his tip-toes to see whatthe Captain had in his hand ; and, sure enough, there in the Captain's handwas the watch Johnny had buried in the back yard. Johnny was just as sureas he could be that Tom Kiernan had stolen it from him. He wanted to tellit to the Captain, but he changed his mind. It was no use. The Captain wouldnever do anything to Tom Kiernan. Tom Kiernan was a man, and he coulddo anything he liked. It was only little kids like Johnny that weren't allowedto do anything. Then Captain Keogh told Johnny's father to sign a bond thathe would bring Johnny to the West Chicago Avenue Police Court at nine o'clock on Monday morning, and Johnny's father said, "No, you keep him, AndyHe's safer with you."Then Johnny's father went away with Tom Kiernan, and Johnny wantedto bawl and run after his father, but he did not let a whimper out of him, andjust stood there first on one foot then on the other, and Captain Keogh said,"You're a brave lad, Johnny. You'll be all right."The following Monday morning Judge Kirschbaum said that Johnny hadnever been brought up right. Johnny's father should not have been allowedto bring up a young child. And the Judge said that he would send Johnnyto the Reform School, they would make a man of Johnny.Johnny did not know whether he wanted to be a man or not, but on think- ing it over he decided that he did want to be a man, if it didn't take too long.A man could lick little kids any time he felt like it, and a man could just doeverything. Johnny was sure he wanted to be a man.Johnny's former neighbors had made several attempts to obtain Johnny'srelease. There was a meeting held in the fire station in Waubensia Avenueshortly after Johnny was sent away. A dozen good women told how gladthey would have been to have given Johnny a home. Everybody agreed thatJohnny should never have been sent to the Reform School. That was no placefor him. Resolutions were unanimously passed, calling upon Alderman Kiel- bassa to see to it that Johnny was released at once.The following evening the Committee presented the resolutions to AldermanKielbassa. The Alderman assured the Committee that he was ready to do ev- erything for the citizens of his ward. He told the Committee that he wTouldlet them know at once as soon as he had any good news for them, but the Com- mittee said they would come back twTo days later, and the Alderman wishedthem all a good night.Two days later the Committee again called on Alderman Kielbassa. TheAlderman greeted them warmly. He opened up a fresh box of cigars and passedthem around, telling the gentlemen to help themselves. " Would any of thegentlemen like to have a little smile, perhaps ? " he inquired almost apolo- getically. "No ? That is the best way, certainly. I never touch it myself.But I am not like some of those guys that fill up to the muzzle every time theyget a chance and don't want to let anybody else have a single drink. lamliberal-minded.''The Committee finally managed to ask him what he had done about get- ting Johnny released." I was just coming to that," the Alderman replied. He opened a drawerof his desk and took out a folded formidable-looking paper. Holding it upin his left hand, he tapped it with a pencil that he held in his right hand, cleared his throat and said, " I want you gentlemen to know that it was a big job youhave given me. I went direct to headquarters. That's always the best way.They all know me, and they'll do anything I ask them. Anything in reason,of course. But they showed me the young man's record black on white."Here the Alderman again tapped the formidable-looking paper he held in hisleft hand. " I want you to understand lam not expressing my own opinion.I never like to express opinions in such things. But there it is ! He openedthe paper slowly and carefully, saying, " His record shows black on white thatthe young man is ' incorrigible,' (The Alderman had a terrible feeling thathe hadn't pronounced the word properly) ' obstinate,' he continued, " and' refractory.' But ! " he fairly shouted, and again he tapped the paper in hisleft hand with the pencil that he held in his right. " I never say die ! Notme ! I have not given this matter up yet. Not by a long shot ! There aremore ways to kill a calf besides tickling it to death. I intend to go right aheadon this. So much for that.! " he said, closing the subject ; and then added," Any time any of you gentlemen need a little favor. Remember, my door isalways open for you. Any time at all. Day or night. You'll find me a goodfellow. Drop in for a friendly call. Any time you feel like it. Good evening,gentlemen. Glad to know you."And so nothing came of that attempt to get Johnny released from the Re- form School.The most serious attempt in Johnny's behalf was made the following spring.The " Elston Social and Athletic Association," a young men's club of the neigh- borhood, and the " Lilies of The Valley, " a young ladies' club, got togetherand organised a ball for Johnny's benefit. The ball was a grand success. Every- body said so. Everybody knew everybody else, and all had a wonderful time.Alderman Kielbassa spoke from the platform beside the musicians. He praisedeverybody present for their efforts in a worthy cause, and he told of all he him- self had done. At the end of his eloquent address he announced that he wouldcontribute twenty-five dollars towards the worthy cause. Everybody cheeredhim again and again.But as everybody had spent so much effort to make the ball a grand success,and had spent all they could afford to make a presentable appearance at the ball,and since it would not have been the correct thing to sell strong drinks at anaffair of that nature, only a little more than a hundred and fifty dollars wasrealised from the venture.A lawyer was engaged to go to Springfield and see the governor, and theBoard of Pardons. The lawyer was told not to mince matters nor beat aboutthe bush. He should tell those fellows down in Springfield that the citizens ofthe twenty-fourth ward demanded Johnny Kerrigan's release — at once ! At once ! You understand ? To a man, they demanded it ! And they weren't goingto forget it at the coming election, either. That's the way to talk to thosefellows.But it was fully two months before the Committee was able to get the lawyerto say finally what he could and what he could not do. He had worked hard,but thus far he had not been a.ble to accomplish anything. The records wereall against Johnny Kerrigan. He had broken a machine in the chair factory.How ? The records did not state. He was disobedient and intractable. TheBoard of Pardons could not under the circumstances make a favorable recom- mendation to the Governor. Without a recommendation from the Board ofPardons the Governor did not dare do anything with an election coming on.However ! If an additional five hundred dollars could be raised, he, the lawyer,could sit down at a little game of cards with a certain number of persons ; theresult of which would be that these persons would all leave the table with theirpockets well lined, and that would be sure to have a most favorable effect onJohnny Kerrigan's record. Keep this under your hats, gentlemen. Not a wordof this to anybody. Not even to your own wives. You know !For a while, there was some talk of arranging for a picnic in Brand's Grove.But the ball had involved so much work that nobody was willing to serve onthe committees. And so nothing came of the final effort to get Johnny Ker- rigan released.More than ten years later-the Sovereign State released one Black JackKerrigan under the legal fiction that it had restored Johnny Kerrigan, and muchimproved. Those who still remembered Johnny Kerrigan had their own opin- ions, but they said little and were willing to help. II For several days after Black Jack Kerrigan's release he kept entirely tohimself, but the neighbors all understood, and they only waited for the oppor- tunity to show him that they felt friendly. Two days after Jack's return, it wasreported to the men who foregathered in the fire station in Waubensia Avenuethat, every hour or two during the day and evening, Jack left the house, fol- lowed the alley for some blocks and returned the same way fifteen or twentyminutes later. He carried nothing in his hands, and seemed to have nothingon his person, going or coming. There was some little speculation and dis- cussion, but in the end it was agreed that no notice had best be taken of hisbehavior. There was time enough.In the afternoon of th,e fourth day after Jack's return, Tom Kiernan wentout into the alley in the rear of his home to empty the kitchen refuse into the garbage box. He was in his shirt sleeves at the time and carried no arms. BlackJack Kerrigan leaped upon him from behind and took him by the throat. Mrs.Kiernan who was working at the kitchen sink at the time, doing the dishes,thought she saw something jumping in the alley. But as there was no soundor sign of a struggle she dismissed it from her mind. But the next instant shesaw a man leap into the air feet uppermost. He described a semi-circle, struckthe top of the fence a dull, hard blow, and fell into the back yard all in a heap.She did not know that her own husband by suddenly doubling up like a jackknife had sent that man through his singular movements. In another instantTom Kiernan was at the side of the prostrated man." Are you hurt much, Johnny ? " Tom Kiernan asked excitedly. " Ididn't know it was you was at me. Where's your senses, Johnny ? You mightknow I did all I could to help you that time."Black Jack Kerrigan lay there dazed. He was trying to recall where hewas and how he carne to be there.The Captain ana I talked it over that time," Tom Kiernan continued," and he thought it was better that I went over to tell your father, so the wagonwouldn t have to be sent, and. them Hunkies wouldn't need to know there wasanything the matter at all. Are hurt much, tell me ! Where was yoursenses, Johnny ? You had better be rubbing some liniment on you, or you'llbe as stiff as a poker in the morning. Margaret ! " Tom Kiernan shouted tohis wife. " Fetch me that bottle of Muldoon's liniment, will you ! " Againturning his attention to Black Jack Kerrigan, Tom Kiernan, said, " I did whatI could to help you that time, Johnny. Can't you understand that ? Youain t taken leave of your senses, have you ? You might know I'd do all I couldto help you."Tom Kiernan went to meet his wife at the rear door. He took the bottleof liniment from her and motioned her back into the house. In the mean- while, Jack Kerrigan struggled to his left knee and then to his right foot ; plac- ing his right hand against his thigh, he succeeded in getting himself erect.better let me rub some of this liniment on you, " Tom Kiernansaid.But Jack Kerrigan had already begun to make his way through the reargate." Take this liniment," Tom Kiernan said, holding out the bottle to JackKerrigan. " Rub it on you, so you won't go stiff by tomorrow. Take it,Johnny, and rub it in good."Jack Kerrigan took the bottle from Tom Kiernan's hand without a word,and set off for his father's cottage. He walked slowly and carefully, as if hewere suffering from an acute internal pain. He tried to keep from limping, and he succeeded fairly well. From the beginning to the end he had not uttereda sound.That same evening everybody at the fire station in Waubensia Avenueagreed that Jack had to be found a job ; and the next day a job was found forJack with Voltz and Lacey, tinsmiths. Little Timmie Wade had agreed to takeJack on as helper, and he further agreed that he would do all he could to teachJack the trade, and not merely use him for carrying the bag of tools and the fur- nace, as most others did.There were some objections raised ; several doubted the advisability ofletting Jack become Timmie Wade's helper. Timmie, or " Slivers/' as he wasmost generally called, forever offered to whip everybody in sight. It was allwell enough with those who knew how to take him. Nothing serious had everreally come of it. If he ever took it into his head to tackle Jack the way he didthe others — there was no telling what might come of it. " Just see what Jacktried to do to Tom Kiernan ! " " Slivers wasn't more than a good handful,and it would be a darned shame if Jack ever got at him, because of Slivers'family." "It might do Slivers a lot of good to get mussed up. It might teachhim to keep his mouth shut." But since all agreed that Slivers was a goodmechanic, and that he would be teaching Jack the trade if he happened to takea liking to him, everybody agreed to let them try it out for a while. And sothe following morning Jack Kerrigan became Slivers' helper.Jack Kerrigan still felt stiff ; his back pained him, and his left side feltraw and sore to the touch. He could not help being slow and deliberate ashe bent over to lift the bag of tools to his shoulder. Slivers, knowing nothingof Jack's encounter with Tom Kiernan, eyed Jack quizzically, a mocking twinklein his small brown eyes. He was on the point of asking whether Jack'srheumatism troubled him, and whether he thought it was going to rain, but hechanged his mind, and contented himself with winking at the other menstanding around.A number of leaks had showed up during a rain in the new Swedish Luth- eran Church. Slivers had done the work on that Church ; he was now settingout to mend it. The workmen all took delight in chaffing Slivers." Who ever told Slivers he was a tinsmith ? " " What sort of work doyou think we do here ? " " Some people will try to get away with murder,if you let 'em."" I've got it on the best of you fellows, and you damned well know it."" I guess we'll just have to take him across the knee one of these days andspank him good and plenty. We may as well be doing it first as last." "Yousaid it ! " " He's getting peskier every day, ain't he ? " "No use wasting anytime over it. This is as good a time as any. WTho gets the first crack at him? " There was some shuffling of feet, as if there was a concerted movement tolay hold of Slivers ; and though he knew that this was all done to tease him,Slivers could not help rising for it." There ain't enough of you fellows here to do it — and what do youknow about that ? "Jack Kerrigan stood off to one side, the bag of tools on his left shoulderand the furnace in his right hand. He took no notice of all that went on aroundhim." Talking big for a little fellow, ain't he ? " one of the men said, turningto the others." There ain't nobody here has got a better right to talk big " Slivers shotback at them.Slivers began to walk slowly out of the shop, his head turned to the left,so the men might know that he was watching them, and that he was as readyas ever to give as good as he got and better. When he had got as far as the door,all the men began to go through various heckling gestures. One took the pipefrom his mouth, crossed his right arm over his left, and spat in the direction ofSlivers, though not at him. Others slapped their thighs, grinned, cackled andmade various animal sounds. Nobody showed any concern in Jack Kerriganand he showed no concern in anybody.Slivers and Jack had to travel all the way out to Edgewater, more thanfour miles from the shop. When they got there Slivers found that most of theleaks he could mend without any help. The one really serious one was locatedin the spire. He thought that he might better send Jack back to the shopfor a rope and tackle. He could be fetching them while he himself was mendingthe other leaks. But he changed his mind. Slivers always prided himselfon his " nerve." He liked to show those fellow that he wasn't afraid to takea chance and a long chance ; and, when you came right down to it, none of themhad the guts to pull some of the stunts that he did. There was a sharp turnthere, with not enough room to set a ladder down in the gutter ; but he thoughtthat he would try to get up there someway, when he got to it. In the mean- while, it had occured to Slivers to send Jack on one of the fool errands that ap- prentices are always sent on when they first begin to work." Here's a dime for carfare, Jack," Slivers said to him with seeming ser- iousness. " Run down to the shop and tell the girl in the office to give you awire stretcher. She'll make you sign a requisition for it. That's all right.We'll bring it back when we get through here. Don't let her stick you withone that's all banged up. See that the jaws are all right."It had not occured to Jack to question whether there actually was such atool as a wire stretcher. His own experience had taught him to ask no ques- tions and never to challenge those in authority. Having found it hopeless,Jack had long since given up trying to understand the reasons back of an orderfrom those above him. If only he understood what he was to do, that endedhis interest in what was said to him. Because of his many experiences in thepast, it is even possible that Jack would have gone down to the shop if he knewthe fool nature of his errand.Jack Kerrigan returned in the same dull way that he went, without sayinga word. Slivers felt himself frustrated. He had got himself all set to giveJack the merry hah-hah ! when he got back ; but Jack's stolid, expressionlessface and his cool, regular behavior puzzled Slivers. He frowned ; his face tookon a hard, truculent expression as he tried to penetrate Jack's mask-like face,to get what was back of it. It worried Slivers. Jack's dull disinterestednessseemed real. What was Jack thinking about ? What was he planning ? Suchutter indifference was a new experience to Slivers. It did not fit in with his pastexperiences. Slivers wanted to ask Jack what the girl in the office had said tohim and why he hadn't brought the wire stretcher ; he wanted to ask the ques- tions and have them over with. But, somehow, Slivers did not dare. Jackwas a foot taller than Slivers and weighed perhaps fifty pounds more, but thatwas not what intimidated Slivers. The size of his opponent had never worriedhim. That was precisely what made Slivers' present feeling so incomprehen- sible to him. Something was pressing against his confused brain and he couldnot make out what it was.To escape from this confusion, Slivers fled to his work. He became excess- ively busy, in a disorderly, haphazard way. Instead of picking out the pre- cise tool he wanted, he would snatch up the first one his glance alighted on ;finding that it was not the tool he wanted, he would fling it down, instead ofreplacing it in its proper pocket.It was then close to eleven o'clock. Ordinarily he would not have attemptedto solder the leak in the spire that forenoon. The hour would have been spentgetting the job ready for the afternoon. Under his present false pressure hewas determined to do it at once.He procured a short ladder, ordered Jack to take the furnace and followhim, and he went up on to the roof.Because of the shape of the roof at that point there was no place to setthe ladder down securely ; also the ladder was not long enough. But he quicklysaw a way how to get around these difficulties. He set one leg of the ladderpart-way up on the side of the slanting slate roof ; the other leg he held in hishands, shoulder high. Jack being taller would have to hold it only breast-high.He was strong enough. The job wasn't going to take ten minutes, once he gotat it. He set the furnace down in the copper gutter some feet behind them ;and, ordering Jack to watch him, he rehearsed the various operations. He againpushed the ladder part-way up on the roof, and pulled it erect, holding the nearleg in his hands ; he then inclined the ladder so that it also rested against the steepside of the spire. Jack was to do what he had just seen him do. It would beeasy for him. The main thing was to hold the ladder steady. That was themain thing." If you shake it — Jesus Christ ! "He watched Jack to see that he did everything right. He tugged athis legs to make sure that they were resting securely. Everything wasready.He took up the pot of molten solder and the soldering iron in his right hand,and began to ascend the side of the roof, so that he would reach on a level withthe farther leg of the ladder, leaning towards the left as he went up, like a runnermaking a sharp turn. The ladder moved slightly when Slivers put his wholeweight on the first rung, and.it frightened Slivers • more than he could ac- count for." Hold her steady, for God's sake ! " Slivers cried out in alarm. " You'llkill me ! "Jack made no reply. He leaned somewhat more heavily against the spire,and his knuckles showed whiter.Slivers had got to within two rungs of the top of the ladder and onthe right level for doing the soldering. He moved his feet slightly, to makesure that he was standing all right ; after which he moved his shouldersseveral times, to see that nothing was binding him. Finding everythingsatisfactory, he began to transfer the pot of molten solder from his right handto his left.In some inexplicable way, the pot struck the side of the ladder. Moltensolder dashed over the side of the pot and onto Jack's right hand, splashed againstthe slates of the roof and into the copper gutter. For the fraction of second Sli- vers followed the course of the molten metal with his wild eyes. There wasan instant sizzling and a sickening stench as the metal burned away the fleshof Jack's hand between the thumb and the first finger and between the firstand second fingers and down the hand to the wrist." For God's sake, Jack, hold her steady ! " Slivers cried in object terror." I'm coming down. Hold her steady, Jack ; for God's sake, hold her steady ! "He nearly fell off the ladder it] scampering down, because of his clumsiness,whining all the while like a cowed dog about to receive a caning. His feetno sooner touched the roof then he began to cry." Put down the ladder, Jack ; put down the ladder, for God's sake. " vSlivers began to jump up and down and around Jack, whining, thrashingthe air with his arms, his legs spread apart, almost doubled over, so that he pre- sented the appearance of a boy that is being beaten by his father. He stillheld on to the pot of solder.Jack Kerrigan put down the ladder, shook his hand with a wide sweep,and wiped it on the upper part of his left sleeve. His face was set hard and in- scrutable ; there was no way in which Slivers could learn what was going onbehind it." Let's go for a doctor, Jack ; let's go for a doctor/' Slivers cried in thesame whining voice. He flung the pot from him off the roof ; and touching .Jack's arm, he began to lead the way off the roof, still whining, " Let's go fora doctor, Jack ; let's go for a doctor."Slivers led the way down the inside winding stairs, with Jack followingclose behind him. In the semi-darkness Slivers calmed down, watchingthe stairs, and looking up at Jack to make sure that he was followingsafely.They had got down to the ground and outside the church. Slivers lookedup at Jack with timid, fearful eyes. It was all too much for Slivers. Hecould not undertand Jack at all; and he could not face all that had happenedin the past few minutes ; and he did not know what might happen next, and hewas terribly afraid.By a sudden shift, Jack placed himself in front of Slivers." Square off!" Jack yelled in a wild, terrifying voice. "Square off!I've only got one arm. Square off ! "He held his right arm extended, moving rapidly in front of Slivers to cutoff his possible escape." For God's sake, Jack, what are you going to do to me ? " Slivers cried.The most object terror was in his voice. He was trembling, and his kneesbegan to bend under him. Tears forced themselves into his eyes. " ForGod's sake — "" Square off ! " Jack yelled at him.Jack Kerrigan began to dance from one foot to the other in front of Slivers,rocking forward and back, never still for an instant, his left arm crooked, readyto smash. Little by little, Jack Kerrigan backed Slivers into a corner formedby a buttress. Slivers could not raise an arm. He could barely keep on hisfeet. Except for Jack Kerrigan's heavy breathing, there was not a sound.Slivers could not take his eyes from Jack. He had forgotten himself , helost interest in himself and his possible fate. Nothing else now existed in theworld except that strange being there moving in front of him, crowding uponhim, moving in that strange way, in a silent world. The next instant Jack Kerrigan leaped upon Slivers and clutched himby the throat. There was a sickening crash as Slivers' head smashed againstthe rough lime stone wall of the church.When the other workmen came running to the spot it was a life-timetoo late. THE MANSION OF PEACE Carl Engel For the consideration of ultra-modern trends in music, no one, perhaps,is placed at a greater disadvantage than lam at this moment. In order tospeak with credit, I should be struggling against the roar of the big city, theblasts of destruction and the shrieks of parturition. The beating of rivetersshould be my pulses ; the rapids of the rush-hour, my native element. I shouldhold rank in the councils of the metropolis and have a charge at the court of themysterious woman, arrayed in purple and scarlet, the mother of harlots andabominations of the earth. I should come to with the clear and aggressivecrow of a Jean Cocteau, with the clangor of a Marinetti and Russolo. Instead,I am tempted to quote you Michel de Montaigne or Lucius AnnaeusSeneca. Instead, I am unbending in the stillness of a sleepy fishing town inMassachusetts, with nothing more exciting for music than the " divisions "of a fresh NE by E gale, the intermittent moan of a distant fog-horn, and thesoothing swish of the tide at the foot of the yard. Instead, I am envelopedin the hush of a house built one hundred and one years before I was born,and in my spacious room the bead-work along the ceiling, around the doors,lovingly devised upon a chaste white mantle-piece, tell a long story of untir- ing patience, infinite leisure and quaint elegance. Worst of all: before sittingdown at my table and putting pencil to paper, I tinkled on my thin-voiced" square " a faded song by Samuel Webbe, Esq. — " The Mansion of Peace. "There was appropriateness in it, after all.How to escape the influences that surround me, is a problem. And yet,on second thought, are these influences really so inimical to the task in hand ?Does not the relative detachment of this solitude bring with it the advantage ofcalmer judgment ? Have not the echoes of the past perhaps a bearing uponthe sounds of to which my ear is straining ? The pastof music is shorter than that of any other art. Music is all future ; it is notmerely change ;so far it has always been growth. Yet, within the comparat- ively brief span that lies behind us, how much that is definitive, or was regardedas such by the generation which saw it come into existence ! Music affords ustoday the singular sensation of realizing Mr. George Bernard Shaw's latestambition, — to attain the age of Methuselah. Under normal (not necessarily ideal) conditions, I should double the present number of my years. Yet, al- ready I have lived long enough to remember the dissenters at Wagner's deifi- cation and now to witness M. Darius Milhaud's defiant " a bas Wagner ; "long enough to have seem young Strauss branded as Antichrist and now expos- ed as an old man with a bag of tricks ; long enough keenly to remember the magi- cal flowering of Debussy's " poisonous " garden, already marked by some aswaste land and as dump heap. It seems but yesterday that Schoenberg's FiveOrchestral Pieces startled us, and today we discover that if we take a scoreof Mahler's and put it. before a concave or a convex mirror such as the midwayknows for the delight of country cousins ,we get exactly the same thing. Nowfor the " vSix, " and their followers, until they lastly resolve into the " One "— the comet with the trail of star dust — all this in half a lifetime !The progress of music has been the conquest of discord, the liberation ofthe human ear. We are learning daily to hear new things and are trying torepeat them. At first we may stammer, but in the end we sing. If we couldrepresent the whole substance of tone as a solid mass, we should trace the de- velopment of music by marking the earliest and faintest impressions made onits surface, then the pits, the gullies, shafts and vaulted galleries, which, honey- combing, we have wrought into this substance, until in intricacy it resemblethe last bead of a Flemish rosary. Or we should show how climbing, from land- ing, to landing, the stairs of overtones, we entered one new chamber of soundafter the other and made ourselves at home in each. Our youngest are impa- tiently skipping ahead, knocking at unopened doors, prompt to break themdown if the lock will not yield. And the treasure they seek is a new thrill byvirtue of new discords.What is discord ? An irritation of the aural nerve. A sesnsitive musiciandoes not have to hear a discord, he need think it only to feel the same physicalreaction in his ear. Why is discord ? Because its irritation emphasizesthe sensuous element in tone, or what is most communicative in all music.Discord then, is something physiological and psychological. While musical artcannot do witnout it, aesthetically it has no standing, is not a settled quantity.This point bears remembering. Not merely for contrast, as a long list ofaestheticians would have it, but for itself we have learned to demand it. Wehave no satisfactory explanation why it is that every discord should ultimatelyturn concord. But for this fact, the skein of music would never require un- tangling and re-winding. Were it a matter of contrast alone, that differencewould be permanent, in spite of modifications ; for light is light in any strength,and snadow always kin to darkness. The tapping of tonal sources is somethingdifferent, untranslatable in terms of any other art. It is not a case of find- ing new pigment; rather of slowly shedding a horny film, enabled gradually to face more light, all the light. Yet, within that widening radiance theproportions of what we see, or hear, should prove constant; the projection ofourselves into the work of art should be imbued with the spirit of sincerity,passionate with the desire for fresh aspects of beauty. That point also bearsremembering. And thus it shall always be, even though the new light shouldblind us for a moment, should distort our vision. Therefore the cries of " fraud, "until we blink no longer and have become accustomed to new focuses. There- fore the danger of forming habits at any time. Therefore the critic, who is —or should be — the helper with the adjusting lens, never so needed as whenan added ray of brightness has been cast upon the farther distance. Beyondthe remedying of astigmatism and myopia, his functions seldom go; unless,he be not only critic but crusader, not only interpreter but vivifier, preacherand artist in one.I have said that the progress of music lies in the assimilation by the earof more and more complex sonorities, which anticipating genius divines, andthe multitude at first refuses to accept. This has been, and still is, the con- tinual quarrel between advanced and retarded hearing. But the progressof music is twofold. The one road is marked by the milestones of plainchant, modal polyphony, the enharmonic scale of our tempered system, chro- maticism, polyharmony, and so forth. It is the essentially musical path. Thesecond road, which runs parallel with (though quite independently of) thefirst, carries us successively through the eras of Church and Renaissance, Courtand Baroque, Revolution and Romanticism, Socialism and Impressionism,Bolshevism and Post-Expressionism. It is the road of cultural developmentin general. The politico-social tenor of the times reflects, of course, on everyart; this is not peculiar to music. The two roads represent definite and sepa- rate avenues. We may pick up music, in retrospect, on different points ofeither. For that reasons we are able to produce, for instance, the effect of a17th-century Sarabande by musical means which belong to the chromatic epoch,without committing so much as an anachronism, provided the result be artist- ically satisfying. It is well to hold apart, in music, this dual developmentof form and contents. The whole and intricate web of civilization governsthe first; it is the ear — and the aural sense alone, as transmitter of sound —which demands the second. And of that puzzling need of the ear we knownothing. Science owes us still the very first and fundamental explanation.But is that cause to be disturbed at the thought that music, as we conceive ittoday, may be but the crude beginning of an expansion and of wonders whichwe cannot dream ?So fax as goes the short hour of this life, the questioning look ahead is partlyanswered by the reassuring glance behind. Music is born in the heat of strife, but it dwells in the mansion of peace. It is that bookcase there, with thefriendly folios and octavos of yellowed leaves, which seems to confirm mysuspicion that we are never very far from the center, turning ever around thesame axis, ascending spirally at best, dropping excrescences and perversionsby the wayside, outgrowing innumerable stages of childhood ? From theshelves beckon Monteverdi's " new discords in five parts " ; the " crudities "ofDr. Blow ; I/ully's " faux accords " ; the chorale harmonizations that got JohannSebastian Bach into trouble with the worshipful Consistory at Arnstadt;Beethoven's last quartets which priggish Louis Spohr though eccentric, uncon- nected and incomprehensible, and in which he saw nothing but the composer's" constant endeavor to be original. " Now, this endeavor is justly shared byevery new generation, but it is not given to every artist to be so. Here, finally,we have to reckon with individuality and genius.It is curious what rapid progress music has made since the advent of im- proved keyboard instruments, and what help this tastatura has afforded genius.The tempered scale may be a curse, but the keys that strike it have been ablessing undisguised. It would seem that instinct guides the hand, and thatthe hand awakens the ear. Bach's use of his hands, on ebony and ivory was adeparture. So was his music. Mozart, the improvisor at the harpsichord,surpassed in daring the composer Mozart. Beethoven deaf, remembered hisfingers ; the silent reading and hearing of notes is associated in the mind of manymusicians with the playing of the music on an instrument. The three greatestmusical innovators of the 19th century — Chopin, Iriszt and Debussy —wrote their best music for that unspeakable piano. And all that in a day whenorchestral colors were growing ever richer and more subtle. The keyboardhas been the experimental laboratory of music, and a note missed has oftenproved a hit, as a mixture wrongly compounded has been known to account forchemical discoveries. The experimenters are not through. Some of them seemall too reckless in their mixing. In consequence, their explosives do not deton- ate. Time is almost ripe for a new scale, composed of intervals smaller thanhalftones, and for a new keyboard instrument wherewith to sound them.The tendencies of modern music display again a kicking at the immediatepast and a revulsion from accepted standards. Tonality is no longer a pre- requisite. Music is gaining new freedom by its unhampered transit througha variety of keys, without according to any of them a predominating or tyran- nical sway. Tonality has been a gauge for the ear. We are learning to dowithout that measure. Modulation may go by the board in the process, or atleast modulation as we have heretofore understood it. For its charm consistedchiefly in the fact that after a digression it returned to the point of de- parture, or that it led into a new tonality with the inevitableness that made the step convincing. But we shall be able to dispense with modulation in thatsense much more readily when we realize that another characteristic of music,the motive or theme as a germinative factor, is being abolished. Modulationinto other keys was an assistance and relief as long as, for structural reasons,the composer had to develop his motive, recapitulate his themes. With theelement of vacuous imitation dropping into the discard, counterpoint is becomingmore pliant, and less a matter of stencilled repetition. For the lost keys andtonalities, we shall win a firmer giasp on tone values in the meaning which paint- ers attach to color values that make a picture. Rhythm is falling into an am- pler gait ; the bar is removed and the rhythmic flow unloosened. Quicker mo- bility will replace architectural stiffness. Music may thus strive to become evenmore musical, by breaking its alliance with painting and poetry ; it may evolvea language more direct and specific.These are but a few of the principal which call for attention.The situation is not unlike that in which music found itself at various turns ofthe road when the cry for simplification was raised, when, " the sluices of inno- vation once thrown open, such torrents of incongruous opinions deluged theworld, " that a seeming anarchy threw everything helterskelter. Boldness wasthe rejuvenating force in some of the Venetian madrigals ; expressionism wasnot unknown to the groping Prince of Venosa, whose modulations Burnaycalled " forced, affected and disgusting. " But it was Monteverdi who set thesear of genius on these extensions to the charter of harmony. The smaller formis always the favorite during an interregnum. It lends itself better to tentativemethods. Moreover, there is another reason why our modern madrigalistsshould want to faive petit : as a protest against the endless music-dramasagainst longwinded symphonies. The miniature has come once more into itsown as a crystallization of thought or mood. We live in an age of " columnists,the essay has given plaxe to the paragraph, the epic to the epigram. Musicalso has become paragraphic and epigrammatic. Orientalism, whicn had suchfar reaching influence on modern arts and letters, has added exotic variegationto our tonal speech. The hysteria of the moment finds vent in grotescjueness,exaggeration arid caricature. We have with us, inevitably, the false prophets-Some call it Gijt, and some New Light,A liberal art that costs no painsOf study, industry or brains.There are those to whom the spiritual side of music is poppy or mandragora.They have done with the B minor Mass of Bach, the Missa Solemnis of Beethovennot to mention the increasingly noisy thurifications of Berlioz and I^iszt. These, or at least the two last, may be " mediocre composers. " But theirspiritual exaltation was something we know not of today. We maybe reasonablysafe in not expecting a Te Deum from Mr. Ravel, a Litany to Saint John Cry- sostomos from Mr. ProkofiefT, or a Passion according to Matthew from Mr.Strauss. Schoenberg is threatening to give us an oratorio. That settles him.God is not popular in art, these days. If lam not mistaken, Gauguin painteda livid, agonizing Christ in a Breton landscape. Yet we would hardly thinkof him, Picasso or Matisse as painters of altar pieces. The sacramental vest- ments of the church now serve as pillow covers or wall hangings, and we flipthe ashes of our cigarette into a quattrocento censer.. The curio and bric-a-bracis the thing to emulate. But is all this stranger or more unnatural than wasthe florid, gilt, and festooned rococo ? Were those gallant abbes not worsethan candid atheists ? To compare modern music with the cast of modern life,is to find its aim and drift. To delineate its conquests in the realm of " discord, "is to point to the latest unshackling of sound. And in all this, technique is butconcomitant. Technique adjusts itself to the transformations of the material.Craftsmanship tells in the end, for it is one and indivisible with genius, requiringthat union of skill and inspiration which shapes the masterpiece.The Wind is blowing up, the sea is getting frettish. Another back-logon the fire, for the night. And why should I have running through my headold Webbe's pallid tune ? HEAVENS The Prolog. " So this, " I exclaimed with a ghostly facetiousness, " is Heaven ! "It was a vague, sprawling region with no definition of any sort. The placewas soundless, lifeless, motionless, save for the continual rising and falling ofgauzy curtains of clouds. Except for a pale, gray light wanly diffused, therewas not a trace of color." No, " said my guide, " you are now in The Limbo of Infinity, a vast stretchthat some of our younger members have re-christened. The Neutral Zone. Itis a kind of ante-chamber in which the guest is left to decide where he will go. "" But I have decided, " I replied, with anxious haste, " I want to go toHeaven. "" Which one ? " he asked." Which one ? Why — er — are there more than one ? I gasjped." There aie " he replied, " if the last census can be relied upon, exactlynine hundred and seventy-six of them, not including the three score or so ofSecessionist, Extremist, Intimate, Neighborhood, Revolutionary, Village andLittle Heavens that have clustered around the main, structures. The principaldivisions date back to antiquity; the Movement for Separate Incorporation camein 1935 and was caused, first of all, by the astonishing series of reports by theCommittee on Congested Districts. As everyone is aware, even the Infinite Voidbecame crowded after the conversion of the Martians and Lunarians to yourremarkable earthly standards. "I gulped, " But must I choose ? All I want is a comfortable cloud, a smallharp and a neat, not too close-fitting halo. ""I am sorry, but that is the rule, " the assured me. " Besides, the acces- sories you mention have been discontinued. The Hygienic and Sanitary Cordonhas prohibited the use of halos ; the Cumulus Division of the Efficiency Boardhas. taken over the control of clouds which were condemned as a menace to thePublic Highways, and the Musician's Union, Etherial Local, number 13, has passeda by-law limiting the use of harps to holders of uncancelled cards. "" But" —" On the other hand, " he continued, " you should have no difficulty in se- lecting an appropriate sphere. What were you before you came here ? " " A crit — a book-reviewer,'' I blushed." Ah, " he beamed, " a lover of literature. "" A book-reviewer, " I insisted." Well, " he went on, unheeding, " your place is obviously in a branch ofthe literary Heavens — just which one 1 can not say. Have you any favoritegods ? "" None in particular. That is, not now. I used to have my preferencesand prejudices. ""You will regain them, "he chuckled. Gone but not forgotten' is true ofcharacteristics that are not mentioned on tomb-stones. One of the delightfulsurprises awaiting the dear departed is the spectacle of one's cherished convic- tions now tricked out in cap-and-bells and attending the coronation of his petaversion. But I digress. "" Don't apologize, " I hastened to add. " Digression is an art, not acci- dent. You wrere saying" —" I was saying that a corner in one of the literary Realms should suit youadmirably. Which would you prefer — the H. G. Wells Heaven, The VersLibre Heaven, the Anatole France Heaven, the G. K. Chesterton Heaven, theRobert W. Chambers Heaven, the James Branch Cabell Heaven, the FreudianHeaven, the. . . — "" Heavens! " I exclaimed, not irreverently. " I could never decideoffhand. Would it not be possible for me to try them first ? Not all of them,of course — just three or four of the more popular ones — or possibly a meagrehalf-dozen ?" I don't know, " he said dubiously, " It isn't done and it's not quite regu- lar. Still, there's no particular law against it. On the other hand — ""Be human, " I urged the angelic creature. " A day in each would do —a few hours — even a glimpse. "" Well, " he temporized, " the windows are tall but not so high If youcould get a foothold on the sills, you could see and hear. They seldom shutthe windows or draw the shades since the subconscious was discovered. Youmust be prepared for anything. I warn you. If you still have the curiosityand courage, I will lead you. Come. "I followed. The Heaven of Queer Stars The darkness was slashed with two intersecting bars of silver that splitthe sky. They lay on the monstrous clouds like two swords still shining withthe faith of those who had swung them. They made, according to the view of the beholder, the pattern of some stupendous hieroglyphic which man musteither decipher or die, or the still simpler pattern which men have died to decipher :the pattern of a cross. Although the design did not change, the play of light wasconstantly shifting ; the two blades of brilliance flashed, burned and coruscatedwith colors that were as glittering and strange as a futurist poem or sunrise inthe wrong quarter of the sky. It was a wild and spectacular radiance, so dazzlingthat the sparkle of the stars was wasted and every sun that flamed seemed aprodigal sun. One could perceive nothing else. One was, however, aware ofa vast undercurrent of gaiety, a bright violence, that swept thiough space withthe magnificent gusto of marching men or a March wind. It was as thoughsome gigantic virtuoso were improvising vast runs and terrific chords of mirthon an orchestra of light, wood, winds and water. It rocked with benign andboisterous vigor ; an upheaval that was fervently humorous and furiouslyholy.(" I can't make head or tail of this. It's all so brilliantly confusing, " I com- plained to my guide. "My head is spinning — upside down. "" That's the effect the Chesterton Heaven has on everyone at first, " he assur- ed me " Wait a few moments ; the dazzle will wear off and you'll notice many- things as familiar as they are astonishing. See — the air is beginning to clear. ")A more diffused but no less vivid light spread itself over the sky. It pickedout curious corners and kindled them till they shone like candled niches ; itsoaked the gray fields of space till they burned like a battlefield ; it tipped thecrests of sleeping clouds till they woke and shook their gilded plumes, likeknights roused by the clashing of steel. The accolade of sunlight fell impar- tially on endless spires, titanic peaks, sacred pinnacles and a fewT thousand spiritswho had nothing in common but their uncommon size. There was not onefigure in the crowds that was not six feet high and at least three feet wide. Theywere Gargantuan, globular, glorious. And, what is more, they were galumphing.They were, it became increasingly evident, the source and center of the madgaiety that impelled their universe. Every one seemed bent on performing someathleticism more absurdly acrobatic than his fellow. Some were skipping onand off incredibly high walls, some were sliding down two-mile banisters, somespringing up fan-like and fantastic trees, while others were continually erect- ing obstacles over which they would immediately bound like joyful and giganticfootballs. Still others, dressed, like mystical punchinellos, were playing leap- frog among the stars.In this excited universe there were only two figures that remained withoutmotion. These twro, as though carved in Gothic stone, were seated on a loweminence, the position of which was as contradictory as the two whooccupied it. One of this queer couple was a round, red-faced, blinking individual who might have been either a butcher or a priest. The other had the indubit- able figure of a Greek poet and the face of a dubious Greek god ; his features werealmost perfect except for a peculiarly long and peculiarly cleft chin. There wasnothing angelic about him and yet he bore the unmistakable traces of one whohad been one of God's angels." You are wrong again. "he was saying. " There is no divinity in peace.There can be no such thing as a divine content. Discontent is the power thatdrives the worlds. The angry waters send storming regiments upon the earth —and new life appears. The placid waters collect scum on a stagnant lake —and breathe death on everything they touch. Men do not know where theirdeliverance lies nor who is their true deliverer. They grope — "" Sometimes they hold things beyond their grasp, " mildly interpolated therubicund one." They grope, " continued his companion, "in a darkness that is no lessdark for being electric ; a darkness compared to which the so-called Dark Ageswere, if I may be permitted the metaphor, a succession of brief but blinding shoot- ing-stars. Wild deeds and wilder thoughts may have reddened many a sanguineday ; but if the years shone like short-lived and sinister suns, at least theyshone. "If you will pardon a — "" The blacksmith, " he went on, unheeding, " in those days had a positionas dignified as the songsmith ; the armor he fashioned protected men by coveringtheir bodies ; to-day the same iron destroys them since it has entered their souls.Hospitality was once something more than a weak invitation for a week-end.One could be sure of cakes and ale at every door-step, and every house was apublic-house. They have turned with a disheartening docility, from the time- spirit to The Times. ""If you will pardon me, they have done nothing so radical, " objected thesimpler person, "they have merely substituted the middle classes for the MiddleAges. "" They have done something far worse ; they have learned to worshiponly the middles ; either extreme is too much for them. And so they havebecome the creatures of their own creation. It used to be considered cheap, forinstance, to own slaves. They have advanced economically ; they find itcheaper to be slaves ... In nothing is their slavery so apparent as in the fettersthey place upon themselves. No longer do they cry out ' These things are un- worthy of us .' They ask, in an excess of humility, 'Are we worthy of our chains ?'If any of them bear a cioss, they insist that they are carrying on a new kind ofphysical culture. And thus, a lethargic content, a monstrous satisfaction hasbegun to sap their blood. It has crept, like some unnameable horror, into their minds ; it lays its bloated hands upon the gyrations of the sun and twines itsclammy fingers around the unconscious centuries. Dissatisfaction is their onlyremedy, their most potent saviour. Revolt is the heritage of a bountiful energyit is only the lack of it which is revolting. lam glad to know that the iconoclasticimpulse is growing. lam happy to feel that every dawn is a novel and morestartling experiment of that discontented spirit which we call Nature ; that,every time the earth revolves upon its axis, we have actually accomplished,with a quiet but terrible insurgence, a daily revolution. ""You are such an eloquent talker " said the other, a bit wistfully, " that Iam sure you are wrong. The surprising beauty about the world and these hea- vens is not the fact that they are novel but that they are, what is even more sur- prising, very old. A novel thing is the least enduring thing in the world — evento the novelist. It is only something that is quite common or really old, likecountry wine or the belief in immortality, that is forever freshening and new.It is only the bright sins and black virtues celebrated by minor poets that denythe miracles of existence. "" And I deny them also ; " rejoined the saturnine being whose chin hadsomehow elongated into a pointed tuft of beard, " the best thing about mira- cles is that they can not possibly happen. "" The best and strangest thing about miracles, " quietly replied the combin- ation that was part Santa Claus and part Father Brown, " is that they are alwayshappening. A decadent play-wright actually does lead an army that conquers acity. Steel floats in the air and leaps through the water. A man in Londontalks to a woman in Chicago without raising his voice. A fanatic in a corner ofEurope precipitates a world war with a bomb, and a college president on theother side of the ocean stops it with a phrase. You see, the whole trouble withordinary living is that it is such an extraordinary and wild succession of impossi- bilities ; a kaleidoscope of staggering surprises so continuous that, in the wordsof the American Dr. Harvey W. Fletcher, life is just one darn miracle after an- other. Look — \ "It was an exclamation so sharp that the voice was curiously flat. A con- course of stars had gathered while the two had been debating, and theseluminaries were scattering largesses of light. During the last sentences theyhad grown larger and more animated ; their half-discernible faces shone with abrilliance that was better than good news told by a pessimist. They clusteredabout a radiant giant who held up his hand like a quivering baton. As it descend- ed, he began to beat the time for a lungeing measure and tremendous voices sweptthe sky."The stars are singing ! " cried the defender of miracles, " The morningstars led by St. Rabelais ! " And this, to a tune where panets set the tempo, where moons were quarter- tones and in which comets were grace-notes, were the words of the songThe lanes that run through the Sussex downsAre spiced with a savory salt,And the crooked streets of Wess ex townsAre fruity with hops and malt;They've kegs of ale and rum for saleIn fields where the Vie slips by ;And the roads that run through barleycornWill lead you straight to Rye.The path dividing the Kensal GreenIs sharp as a Christian sword;It cuts through poisonous alleys cleanTo the heart of the dark East ward.Its lamps are stars where the scimitarsAnd the moons of the Orient toss,And you turn from the Golden CrescentTo come to St. George's Cross.The ocean's path is a rolling trackWhere the shark can enjoy his feast,The jungle's maze is cruel and blackWith gods more brute than a beast.But England lies where the holy skiesAre warmer than wine or home —And the roads that run to the ends of the earthWith lead you' safe to Rome." A very pretty catch, " sneered the spirit of negation, " very romantic andvery ridiculous. "" Perhaps, " answered his opponent, more mildly than ever, " and yet thequality of ridicule is greater than you may imagine. Birth is a sublime adventurein the ridiculous — and what is death but a heroic return ; a transposition,I might say, from the ridiculous, to the sublime ! It is only the fool that fearsbeing thought foolish for trumpeting trivialities. Trifles, alter all, are tremendous,simply because they are too obvious to be noticed by anybody but detectivesand poets. It is not the fool who discovers the commonplace for us; it is the poet who startles us with his own rapturous amazement upon discovering that thesky is still blue and that grass is even greener than the most modern nude byMatisse. It is not the fool fearing ridicule, but the brave man who can face anaudience with nothing more startling than the news that God's in His Heaventhat death ends all our troubles, and that a penny saved is a penny earned. Itrequires no hardihood to utter a glittering and anarchic sophistry. There isonly one thing that takes all a man's courage to maintain — and that is a pla- titude. Here, thank the God of the Perfect Paradox, you will find only thosedaring champions who have never faltered in their allegiance to the obvious, whohave devoted their hours to a contemplation of the sublime precision with whichSpring follows Winter, and who have given their lives to prove the theory thattwo and two actually are four ! "" I can't stand this ! " screamed his saturnine opponent. " Talk — talk— talk ! I can't get a word in edgeways. Even Goethe gave me a better op- portunity. It isn't fair — it isn't — and I'll be roasted in my own fires if Istay here to make a Roman Catholic holiday. I'm going. "There was a spurt of flame and he vanished. Nothing remained of himbut a slight smell of brimstone and a sulphur-yellow blot on the porphyry bench.The skies wTere darkened for a moment as though a pointed shadow had lallenover them ; a wailing cry xose from the gutters and ended among the stars." Too bad, " sighed the benign dialectician, " I think I almost convincedhim. " He sighed again, lifting an empty tankard. FIRST INTERMISSION (" Now 's your chance, " whispered my guide " His back is turned and youcould slip in here for a while. Shall I help you through ? ""No thanks, " I said, " I'm not as keen for the Chesterton Heaven as I thoughtI would be. I'm only a mild agnostic and I could never be happy in an atmospherewhere, in order to outdo the other heretics, I would have to embrace the last of all he- resies — Orthodoxy. I admit the undeniable exhilaration gained by walking on one'shead, but one can overdo this cerebral pedestrianism. And in such a position thereis always the possibility not only of talking through one's hat but the graver dangerof thinking through one's shoes. Besides, lam far 100 dizzy to attempt it. Haven tyou something else to offer — something less scintillating and more static, somethingcontrolled not so much by rhodomontade as by reason? "" Very well " he acquiesd, " I'll take you to the most scientific and rationalHeaven we've ever had. Come along. "I came). THE HEAVEN OF THE TIME-MACHINE Louis Untermeyer § I. You must imagine a vast laboratory — a tremendous affair of several thou- sand miles — stretching its spotless length of Albalune (a by-product of moon- dust that had superseded all wood-work and tilings since 2058), reflecting onlythe purest of celestial colors. An intricate network of rapidly moving runwaysspanned the stars ; myriads of spinning platforms threaded the upper reacheswhich were reserved for aerocars, travelling at speeds of three hundred miles anhour and upward. The introduction of a dozen new metals in 1970 — especiallyMaximite, Kruppium and Luxpar, to name the three chief members of theimportant Iridio-Aluminoid family — had revolutionized aerial traffic and when,a half century later, the full power of atomic energy was released ana exploited,land travel ceased entirely. The whirling streets flashed by in a maelstrom ofsound. Huge trumpets, grotesquely curved to resemble calla lilies blared eter- nity's oldest scandals and its newest advertisements with an impartial clamour." Harrumph ! Harrumph ! Baroom ! Look slippy ! All the latest styles inlatter-day creeds ! Special Bargains To-Day in Neo-Paganism. Large Assort- ment ! Baroom ! Ham's Halos for Happiness ! Ask Adam — He Knows !Harrumph ! Harrumph ! " § 2. Down one of these runways, seated on a machine not unlike a twentieth cen- tury bicycle but far more delicate and equipped with dozens of sensitive antennae,advanced a figure. You had to look twice at his fantastic costume to assure yourselfthat this was a man. You figure him a sallow, plumpish person, a little over mid- dle size and age, bespectacled, and with a thinning of the hair on his dolicocephalichead — a baldness, if one examined closely, that might have been covered bya shilling. His clothes, conforming to the etherial fashion, were loosely drapedrather than tubular ; woven of some bright semipneumatic material, ingeniouslyinflated to suggest a sturdiness not naturally his. All vestiges of hair had beenextracted by a capillotomist early in his youth and a neat translucent head-dress,not unlike a cap, was fastened to his scalp by means of suction. Youmust picture him borne down one of these ribbons of traffic, past the harr and boomof the Blare Machines, to a quiet curve (corners and all dust-collecting angles hadlong since vanished from architecture) half-screened off by a translucent substance resembling milky glass ... In the centre of this chamber on a pedestal of weightsand measures, stood a crystal ball that seemed to have a luminous quality ofits own ; clouds, colours, half-defined shapes writhed within it; a faint hummingseemed to emanate from its now sparkling, now nebulous core. Fasteningthree of the web-like filaments of the machine to the globe, he pressed a series ofstuds along what seemed to be the crank-shaft, spun the sphere with a gyroscopicmotion and brought it gradually to where a violet ray pierced the ramparts.The light within the crystal ball grew brighter, turned orange, then flame-colour,then prismatic in its fire, exhausting the spectrum until it assumed an unwa- vering brilliance. This play of colours was reflected in the features of the crys- tal-gazer ; his expression, almost kaleidoscopic in its changes, was in quicksuccession, imaginative, philosophic, extravagant, metaphysical, romantic, quiz- zical, analytic, middle-class, historical, prophetic.{" Who is it ?" I whispered in an awestruck undertone to my super- terrestrial companion. "Am I actually gazing on God, the InvisibleKing ? "" Scarcely, " replied the unabashed angel. " Those varying features belongto a more local divinity : Wells, the Divisible God. "" But look — "7 exclaimed, " he is drawing nearer. . , He is stop- ping. . . immediately beneath us .. . We can even see what is happeninginside the crystal. . . Look — ! ") § 3. It is very hard to tell precisely what period was registering itself in the heartof that amazing crystal. One saw walls quite plainly, a table with shaded lamp,books, chairs. From the conversation between the two men — they were both intheir aggressive' thirties — the place seemed to be England some time in theNineteen Twenties. The older one, whose name was something incongruouslylike Fulpper, had a trick of waving his arms whenever words failed him, finishinghis expansive sentences with a rush of onomatopoetic sound."We can't wait for wisdom, Balsmeer, " you hear him saying, " Life goestoo damn fast. We start off at a fair pace, increase our speed a little, lag behind,try to catch up and, first thing you know — whooosh ! That's what the wholebusiness is : an immense and hideous scramble, an irresistible race ending inheart-break and — whooosh ! "" But isn't there such a thing as the scientific temperament; something thatis not carried away so passionately ? " inquired Balsmeer." Meaning — ? " " Well, " continued the younger chap, " I'm what you might call a serioussociological student. I'm earnest straight through. No humor to speak of. Noromance. I stumble over bright and beautiful things. .. missing most of 'em,I dare say, but getting on fairly well without 'em. I know there are highecstasies in the world — splendid music, extraordinary women, stupendous ad- ventures, great and significant raptures — but they are just so many abstrac- tions to me. Scientific truth is the least accessible of mistresses ; she disguisesherself in unlovely trappings ; she hides in filthy places ; she is cold, hard, un- responsive — but she can always be found ! She is the one certainty, the oneradiance I have found in a muddle of dirt and misery and disease. "" And don't you see, " pursued Fulpper with exuberant warmth, " thatthis same Science of yours is the very Romance, you're running away from ?This whole mechanistic age with its oiled efficiency, its incalculable energyand speed and — whizz. . . What's it all for anyway ? Just to make trafficgo quicker ? To get the whole mess revolving faster ? Not a bit of it! YourResearch and my Romance are blood-brothers — or dual personalities, tobe more exact... I seem to see — wait a minute ! — I seem to see a time when thisScience will be revealed not so much as the God from the Machine as a godwithin it. A socialized thing. A lessener of stupid an unnecessary labor. Aforce to end the criminal exploitation of men by man. A power to finish, once .and for all, the muddle and waste and confusion that destroy the finest humanpossibilities" Yes, " Balsmeer conceded, " but — ""I'm coming to that, " continued Fulpper. " That's where Love and Re- fined Thinking — grnr ! — meet as enemies. Mr. and Mrs. Grundy won'tbe able to debase the latter and foul the former. Knowledge — a full, frankknowledge — is going to change all that "." But innocence —"It may go. We've tasted the fruit of the tree. You can't have yourapple and eat it, any more than Adam could. But there's something better thaninnocence. There's a fiercer virginity, a more courageous and affiimative pu- rity in wisdom. No more dark whisperings. No more poisonous insinuations,nasty suggestiveness. No more music-hall smut, no French farce allusions. Nomore smirching of impulses that are as beautiful as art and as clean as chemistry.No more nightmares of adolescence ;no more muddling up to sex. This, pleasemy God or your Science, will cease to be world of the bully, the enslaved womanthe frightened child — the domain of the mud-pelter, the hypocrite, the pro- fessional diplomat. It will no longer be the world of the underworld, the cesspool,the liver-fluke ..."His voice trailed off, incontinently . . . § 4. The crystal became suddenly opaque. For a few minutes there wasabsolute silence. Then a faint clicking began ; invisible pistons tapped out adelicate rhythm. The tympani increased both in volume and speed. A levershot out from the very heart of the mechanism and the dials of the Time Machinebegan to register new eras. The radiometer clicked off years, decades, centuries,millenials. . . Presently the hands stopped. The diffused light within the ballresolved itself ; a gray-blue mist lifted from a strange landscape as the magneticarrow pointed to 5,320,506. § 5. It was, as I have said, a strange landscape. There was no color, no motion,not a sign of vegetation. Even as the darkness disappeared, the sun, a greatgreenish disc half the size of the heavens, sprang out of the icy sea. The pla- nets were drawing nearer together for the the final debacle. The rocks on theshore were covered with frozen rime ; the shadow of Mars, a dark clinker as roundas the forgotten moon, covered the ground. It fell on the faces of the two who satas if carved, at the mouth of their subterranean tunnel. They were swathed inbands of electrons ; what showed of their faces was bloodless. Their lips did notmove — the organs of speech had disappeared during the second stages of tele- pathic communication — and only the minute dilations of the pupils during someemotional passage, animated their chiselled immobility. You picture them sit- ting there, strangely . . ."The waste of it .. . the hideous waste of it, " you figure him flashingthis to her, " What's the whole push and struggle for ? Is every generation tobe at the beginning of new things, never at a happy ending ? Always proddedor prodding itself on with dreams, half-perceived vistas ? "" My dear . . . " her eyes remonstrated." It's you and I against the world, "he telepathed. I guess it's always beenthat. Two alone against the welter of mud and ugliness, dulness, obstinacy ;two tiny rebels against a world frozen with hate and hypocrisy ... The pityand shame of it .. . The shabbiness of it all ... "" But, dear, " she challenged, " the human race is still so young. It isstill learning to progress. "" Progress ! " his pupils contracted. "We are as sunk in apathy andignorance as our mythical ancestors in the pre-historic twentieth century. gress is a shibboleth. It's worse — a religion that everyone professes and no- body believes in. Where are we now ? Education has lost itself in the schools, Sex has been buried in lies and lingerie. Science is fuddling over its dead bones,trying to reconstruct the brain-cells of the Post-Wilsonian man .. . Progress !Until this icy earth falls at last into a solid sun, millions of us will come out ofour burrows to question what it all means... Here, — at the very mouths of ourundei ground tunnels, — man once walked, warm and careless and secureAnd here, before that, life ran prodigally on every inch of the surface .. . Herethe long-necked Brontosaurus waded and the Diplodocus thrashed his thirty- foot tail among the muggers. Here the giant Moa screamed as the Hesperornis,those wingless birds, pursued the fishes through the Mesozoic waters. Herethe Protohippus pranced on his three toes and the Tyrannosaurus, buoyed upby fertile mud, preyed on the happy herbivores . . And all for what ?. . ." For something it will be hard to answer but harder to deny, " she communedintensely, " for some transfiguration, some sort of world cleansed of its cripplingjealousies its spites, its blunderings. . . After all, there is a long time ahead.Man has existd for little more than five or six million years. We are still so new...The future is so enormous, so staggering, so superb. L,ife is forever young . . .forever eager . . Men will, in some distant maturity, unify their scattered dreamsand energies. Even death will be a part of the great integration. And, whetherwe die or live, mankind is in the making .. . Old world are being exchanged fornew. Utopias, anticipations, unguessed brotherhoods, the conquest of earthand the stars .. . All so slowly but so confidently, in the making .. . § 6. The picture faded out, dissolving imperceptibly, until the ball paled to amere glassy transparency .. . The figure in the machine suddenly became ener- getic. He wheeled about, took his hands from the controlling levers and toucheda series of buttons on delicate, jointed rods which terminated in a set of metalhieroglyphs. First one was struck, then another, then a swift succession ofnotes. The fingers flew faster, as though they sought to wrest some harmonyfrom the heart of the machine ... For some time, nothing else was heardbut tap, click — tap, tap, tap — click — tap — fting ! — as the typewri- ter was driven on through space. F. Leger. Les Disques. 4 FISH William Carlos Williams It is the whales that drivethe small fish into the fiords. *I have seen forty or fiftyof them in the water at one time.I have been in a little boat.when the water was boilingon all sides of usfrom them swimming underneath.The noise of the herringcan be heard nearly a mile.So thick in the water, they are,you can't dip the oars in.All silver !Men call from the cliffsor blow hornsthat the fishermenshall go down to the shoreto their boats and netsto make the catch.And all those millions of fishmust be taken, each one, by hand.The women and childrenpull out a little pieceunder the throat with their fingersso that the brine gets inside.I have seen thousands of barrelspacked with the fish on the shore. In winter they set the gill-netsfor the cod. Hundreds of themare caught each night.In the morning the menpull in the nets and fishaltogether into the boats.Cod so big— I have seen —that when a man held one upabove his headthe tail swept the ground.Sardines, mackerel, anchoviesall of these. And in the riverstrout and salmon. I have seena net set at the foot of a fallsand in the morning sixty trout in it.But I guess there are notsuch fish in Norway nowadays.On the Lofoten Islands —till I was twelve.Not a tree or a shrub on them.But in summerwith the sun never gonethe grass is higher than here.The sun circles the horizon.Between twelve and one at nightit is very low, near the sea,to the north. Thenit rises a little, slowly,till midday, then down againand so for three months, gettinghigher at first, then lower,until it disappears —In winter the snow is oftenas deep as to the ceiling of this room. If you go there you will seemany Englishmennear the falls and on the bridgesfishing, fishing.They will stand there for hoursto catch the fish.Near the shorewhere the water is twenty feet or soyou can see the kingflounderson the sand. They havered spots on the side. Men comein boats and stick themwith long pointed poles.Have you seen how the Swedes drink tea ?So, in the saucer. They blow itand turn it this way and that: so.Tall, gauntgreat drooping nose, eyes dark circled,the voice slow and smiling :I have seen boys standwhere the stream is narrowa foot each side on two rocksand grip the trout as they pass through.They have a special way to hold them,in the gills, so. The longfingers arched like grapplehooks.Then the impatient silencewhile a little man said :The English are great sportsmen.At the winter resortswhere I stayedthey wTere always the first upin the morning, the first on with the skiis.I once saw a young Englishmanworth seventy million pounds —-You do not know the north.— and you will see perhaps the huldrawith long tailsand all blue, from the night,and the nekke, half man and half fish.When they see one of themthey know some boat will be lost. TWO UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS John Dos Passos I Doce dias son pasadosdespues que el Cid acabdra ;aderezanse las gentespara salir a batallacon Bucar ese rey moro•y contra la su canalla.Cuando fuera, media nocheel cuerpo asi como estabale ponen sobre Babieca. .y al caballo lo ataban. And when the army sallied out of Valencia, the Moors of king Bucar fledbefore the dead body of the Cid and ten thousand of them were drowned tryingto scramble into their ships, among them twenty kings, and the Christians gotso much booty of gold and silver among the tents that the poorest of them be- came a rich man. Then the army continued. The dead Cid, riding each days'journey on his horse, across the dry mountains to Sant Pedro de Cardeha inCastile where the king Don Alfonso had come from Toledo, and he seeing theCid's face still so beautiful and his beard so long and his eyes so flaming, orderedthat instead of closing the body in a coffin with gold nails, they should set itupright in a chair beside the altar, with the sword Tizona in its hand. Andthere he stayed more than ten years. Mando que no se enter rasesino que el cuerpo arreadose ponga junto al altary a Tizona en la su manoasi estuvo mudio tiempoque fueron mas de diez anos. In the pass above people were skiing. On the hard snow of the road therewere orange skins. A victoria had just driven by in which sat a bored inflatedcouple much swathed in furs. — Where on earth are they going ? — To thePuerta de Navecerrada, my friend answered. — But they look as if they'dbe happier having tea at Molinero's than paddling about up there in the snow. —They would be, but it's the style . . . winter sport . . . and all because a lithelittle brown man who died two years ago liked the mountains. Before him noMadrileno ever knew the Sierra existed. — Who was that ? — Don FranciscoGiner.That afternoon when it was already getting dark we were scramblingchilled, our faces lashed by the snow, down through drifts from a shoulder of SietePicos with the mist all about us and nothing but the track of a flock of sheepfor a guide. The light from a hut pushed a long gleaming orange finger up themountain-side. Once inside, we pulled off our shoes and stockings, and toastedour feet at a great fireplace round which were flushed faces, glint of teeth inlaughter, schoolboys and people from the university shouting and declaiming, asmell of tea and wet woollens. Everybody was noisy with the rather hysteric- al excitement that warmth brings after exertion in cold mountain air. Cheekswere purple and tingling. A young man with fuzzy yellow hair told me a storyin French about the Emperor of Morocco, and produced a tin of potted black- birds which it came out were from the said personage's private stores. Unend- ing fountains of tea seethed in two smoke-blackened pots on the hearth. Inthe back of the hut among leaping shadows were piles of skis and the door occas- ionally opened to let in a wet snowy figure and shut again on skimming snowgusts. Everyone wTas rocked with enormous jollity. Then train-time camesuddenly and we ran the miles to the station crashing down the rocky path.In the third class carriage people sang songs as the train jounced its waytowards the plain and Madrid. The man who sat next to me asked me if Iknew it was Don Francisco who had had that hut built for the children of theInstitucion Libre de Ensefianza. Little by little he told me the history of theKrausistas and Francisco Giner de los Rios and the revolution of 1873, a storylike enough to many others in the annals of the nineteeth century movementfor education but in its overtones so intimately Spanish and individual, that itcame as the explanation of many things I had been wondering about and gaveme an inkling of some of the origins of a rather special mentality I had noticedin people I knew about Madrid.Somewhere in the' forties a professor of the Universidad Central, banz deRio, was sent to Germany to study philosophy on a government scholarship.Spain was still in the intellectual coma that had followed the failure of the Cor- tes of Cadiz and the restoration of Fernando Septimo. A decade or more be- fore, Larra, the last flame of romantic revolt, had shot himself for love in Ma- drid. In Germany at Heidelberg, Sanz del Rio found dying Krause, the firstarch- priest who stood interpreting between Kant and the world When he re- turned to Spain he refused to take up his chair at the university, saying he musthave time to think out his problems, and retired to a tiny room with one windowin the town of Illescas, where was another student, Grecos San Ildefonso.There he lived several years in seclusion. When he did return to his post inthe university, it was to reiuse to make ths profession of political and religiousfaith lequired by a certain prime ministei named Orovio. He was dismissedand several of his disciples. At the same time Francisco Giner de los Rios,then a young man who had just gained an appointment with great difficultybecause of his liberal ideas, resigned out of solidarity with the rest. In 1868,came the liberal revolution which was the political expression of this whole move- ment and all these professors were reinstated. Until the restoration of theBourbons in '75 Spain was a hive of modernization, Buropeanization.Returned to power, Orovio lost no time in republishing his decree of a pro- fession of faith. Giner, Ascarate, Salmeron and several others were arrested andexiled to distant fortresses when they protested; their friends declared them- selves in sympathy and lost their jobs, and so many others resigned that theuniversity was at one blow denuded of its best men. From this came the ideaof founding a free university which should be supported entirely by private sub- scription. From that moment the life of Giner de los Rios was completelventwined with the growth of the Institution Libre de Ensenanza, which developedin the course of a few years into a coeducational primary school. And directlyor indirectly there is not a single outstanding figure in Spanish life today whosedevelopment was not largely influenced by this dark slender baldheaded oldman with a white beard, whose picture one finds on men's writing desks. . . . Oh, si, llevad, amigos,su cuerpo a la Montanaa los azules montesdel ancho Guadarrama. Wrote his pupil, Antonio Machado — and I rather think Machado is the pupilwhose name will live the longest — after Don Francisco's death in 1915. . . . Yes, carry, friendshis body to the hills,to the blue peaksof the wide Guadarrama There are deep gulchesof green pines where the wind sings.There is rest for his spiritunder a cold live oakin loam full of thyme, where playgolden butterflies . . .There the master one daydreamed new flowerings for Spain. These are fragments from an by Juan Ramon Jimenez, another poetpupil of Don Francisco :" Don Francisco ... It seemed that he incarnated all that is tender andkeen in life ; flowers, flames, birds, peaks, children. . . Now, stretched on hisbed, like a frozen river that perhaps still flows under the ice, he is the clearpath for endless recurrence .. . He was like a living statue of himself, a statueof earth of wind, of water, of fire. He has so freed himself from the task of everyday that talking to him we might have thought we were talking to his image.Yes. One would have said he wasnt going to die : that he had already passed,without anybody's knowing it, beyond death, that he was with us forever, likea spirit. "In the little door of the bedroom one already feels well-being. A trailof the smell of thyme and violets that comes and goes with the breeze from theopen window leads like a delicate hand towards where he lies. . . Peace. Alldeath has done has been to infuse the color of his skin with a deep violet veilingof ashes." What a suave smell, and how excellent death is here ! No rasping es- sences, none of the exterior of blackness and crepe. All this is white and unclutt- ered, like a hut in the fields in Andalucia, like the whitewashed portal of somegarden in the south. All just as it was. Only he who was there has gone. " The day is fading, with a little wind that has a premonition of spring.In the window-panes is a confused mirroring of rosy clouds. The blackbird,that he must have heard for thirty years, that he'd have liked to have gone onhearing dead, has come to see if he's listening. Peace. The bedroom and thegarden strive quietly, light against light : the brightness of the bedroom isstronger and glows out into the afternoon. A sparrow flutters up into thesudden stain with which the sun splashes the top of a tree and sits there twittering. In the shadow below the blackbird whistles once more. Now andthen one seems to hear the voice that is silenced for ever." How pleasant to be here ! It's like sitting beside a spring, reading undera tree, like letting the stream of a lyric river carry one away. . . And onefeels like never moving : like plucking to infinity, as one might tear roses topieces, these white full hours ; like clinging forever to this clear teacher in theeternal twilight of this last lesson of austerity and beauty. " Municipal Cemetery " it says on the gate so that one may know of thatother sign, Catholic Cemetery opposite." He didn't want to be buried in that cemetery, so opposed to the smilingsavorous poetry of his spirit. But it had to be. He'll still hear the black- birds of the familiar garden. — After all, says Cossio, I dont think he'll besorry to spend a little while with Don Julian . . ." Careful hands have taken the dampness out of the earth with thyme :on the coffin they have thrown roses, narcissus, violets. There comes, lost, anaroma of last evening, a bit of the bedroom from which they took so muchaway . . ." Silence. Faint sunlight. Great piles of cloud full of wind drag frozenshadows across us, and through them flying low, black grackles. In the distance,Guardarrama chaste beyond belief lifts crystals of cubed white light. Sometiny bird trills for a second in the sown fields nearby that are already vaguelygreenish, then lights on the creamy top of a tomb, then flies away . . ." Neither impatience nor carping slowness and forgetfulness .. . Silence.In the silence, the voice of a child walking through the fields, the sound of asob hidden among the tombstones, the wind, the broad wind of these days.. . ." I've seen occasionally a fire put out with earth. Innumerable littletongues spurted from every side. A pupil of his who was a mason made for thisextinguished fire its palace of mud in a piece of earth two friends kept free. Hehas at the head a euonimus, young and strong, and at the foot, already full ofsprouts with coming spring, an acacia ..." Round El Pardo the ever-green oaks, encinas, are scattered sparsely, tightround heads of blue green, over hills that in summer are yellow like the haunchesof lions. From Madrid to El Pardo was one of Don Francisco's favorite walks,out past the jail where over the gate is an echo of his teaching : « Abhorthe crime but pity the criminal; " past the palace of Moncloa with its statelyabandoned gardens, and out along the Manzanares by a road through the royal domain, where are gamekeepers with shot guns and signs of " Beware the man- traps ; " then up a low hill from which one sees the Sierra Guadarrama piled up"against the sky to the north, greenish snowpeaks above long blue foothills, andall the foreground rolling land full of clumps of encinas; and at last into thelittle village with its barracks and its delapidated convent and its plane treesin front of the mansion Charles V built. It was under an encina near El Pardothat I sat all one long morning r ading up in reviews and textbooks on the theoryof law the life and opinions of Bon Francisco. In the moments when the sunshone, the heat made the sticky cistus bushes with their glistening white flowersall about me reek with pungence. Then a cool wisp of wind would bring a chillof snow slopes from the mountains and a passionless indefinable fragrance ofdistances. At intervals, a church bell would toll in a peevish importunatemanner from the boxlike convent on the hill opposite. I was reading an accountof the philosophical concept of monism, cudgelling my brain with phrases :" And his fervent love of nature made the master evoke occasionally in classthis beautiful image of the great poet and philosopher Schelling: Man is the eyewith which the spiiit of nature contemplates itself, and then having qualifiedwith a phrase Schelling's expression, he would turn on those who see in naturea manifestation of the rough, the gross, the instinctive, and offer for meditationthis saying of Michelet : Cloth woven by a weaver is just as natural as that aspider weaves. All is in one Being, all is in the Idea and for the Idea, the latterbeing understood in the way platonic substantialism has been interpreted ...»In the grass under my book were bright fronds of moss, among which verysmall red ants performed prodigies of mountaineering, while through trampedtunnels long blacks ants scuttled darkly, glinting when the light struck them.The smell of cistus was intense, hot, full of spices as the narrow streets of anoriental town at night. In the distance the mountains piled up in zones, olivegreen, Prussian blue, ultramarine, ice-white. A cold windgust turned thepages of the book : " Thought and passion, reflection and instinct, affections,emotions, impulses collaborate in the rule of custom which is revealed not inwords declared and promulgated in view of future conduct, but in the act itself,tacit, taken for granted, or, according to the energetic expression of the Digest:rebus et factis. "Over factis sat a little green and purple fly with the body curved underat the tail. I wondered vaguely if it was a May-fly. And then all of a suddenit was clear to me that these books, these dusty philosophical phrases, thesemortuary articles by official personages were dimming the legend in my mind,taking the brilliance out of the indirect but extraordinarily personal impact,of the man himself. They embalmed the Cid and set him up in the churchwith his in his hand, for all men to see. What sort of legend would a technical disquisition by the archbishop on the Cid's theory of the angle of ma- chiculations have generated in men's minds ? And what can a saint or a soldieror a founder of institutions leave behind him durable, but a legend ? Certainlyit is not for the Franciscans that one remembers Francis of Assisi.And the curious thing about the legend of a personality is that it ma}' reachthe highest fervor without being formulated. It is something by itself thatstands behind anecdotes, death notices, elegies.In Madrid at the funeral of another of the great figures of nineteenthcentury Spain, Perez Galdos, I stood on the curb beside a large-mouthed youthwith a flattened toad-like face who was balancing a great white metal jar of milkon his shoulder. The plumed hearse and the carriages full of flowers had justpassed, ihe scieet in front 01 us was a slow stream of people very silent, theirfeeL shuffling, shuffling, feet in patent leather shoes and spats, feet in square-toed shoes, pointed-toed shoes, alpargatas, canvas sandals ; people along thesidewalks seemed unable to resist the suction of it, joined in unostentatiouslyto follow if only a few moments the procession of the legend of Don Benito.The bo;y with the milk turned to me and said how lucky it was they were buryingSaldos, he'd have an excuse for being late for the milk. Then suddenly hepulled his cap ofi, became enormously excited and began offering cigarettes toeveryone round about. Pie scratched his head, and said in the voice of a Saulstricken 011 ihe road to Damascus ... How many books he must have writtenthat gentleman ! Carrajo !. . . It makes a fellow sorry when a gentleman likethat dies, and shouldering his pail, his blue tunic fluttering in the wind, hejoined the procession.Like the milk boy, I found myself joining the procession of the legend ofGiner de los Rios. That morning under the encina I closed up the volumeson the theory of law and the bulletins with their death-notices and got to myfeet and looked over the tawny hills of El Pardo, and thought of the little lithebald-headed man with a white beard like the beard in El Greco's portrait ofCovarruoias, who had taught a generation to love the tremendous contoursof their countiy, to climb mountains and bathe in cold torrents, who was thefirst, it aimost seems, to feel the tragic beauty of Toledo, who in a lifetime ofcourageous unobtrusive work managed to stamp all the men and women whoselives remotely touched his with the seal of his personality. Born in Rondain the wildest part of Andalusia of a family that came from Velez-Malaga,a white town near the sea in the rich fringes of the Sierra Nevada, he haddie mental agility, the sceptical tolerance and the uproarious good nature ofthe people of that region, combined with the sobriety and sinewiness of amountaineer. His puritanism became a definite part of the creed of thehopeful discontented generations that are gradually, for better or for worse remoulding Spain. His nostalgia of the north of fjords where fir trees hangover black tidal waters, of blonde people cheerful, orderly, in rectangularblue-tiled towns became the gospel of Europeanization, of wholesale destruc- tion of all that was individual, savage, African in the Spanish tradition. Rebuset factis. And yet none of these things and acts do much to explain the pe- culiar radiance of his memory, the jovial tenderness with which people tell oneabout him. The immanence of the man is such that even an outsider, one who,like the milk boy at the funeral of Galdos, meets the procession accidentallywith another errand in his head, is drawn in almost without knowing it. It isimpossible to think of him in a box in unconsacrated ground in the CementerioCivil. In Madrid, in the little garden of the Institution where he used to teachthe children, in front of a certain open fire in a certain house at El Pardo wherethey say he loved to sit and talk, I used to half expect to meet him, that somefriend would take me to see him as they took people to see the Cid in SantPedro de Cardena. Cara tiene de her mo suramuy hermosa y colorada;los ofos igual abiertosmuy afiuesta la su barb a.Non parece que esta muertoantes vivo semejaba. II Although Miguel de Unamuno was recently condemned to fifteen yearsimprisonment for lese majeste for some remark made in an article published in aValencia paper, no attempt has been made either to make him serve the termor to remove him from the chair of Greek at the University of Salamanca. Whichproves something about the efficacy of the stand Giner de los Rios and hisfriends made fifty years before. Furthermore, at the time of the revolutionaryattempt of August 1917 the removal of Bestiero from his chair caused so manyof the faculty to resign and such universal protest that it was restored to liim,although he was an actual member of the revolutionary committee and atthat time under sentence for life. In 1875, after the fall of the republic it hadbeen in the face of universal popular reaction that the Krausistas foundedtheir free university. The lump is leavened.But Unamuno. A Basque from the country of living in Salamancain the highest coldest part of the plateau of Old Castile, in many senses the op- posite of Giner de los Rios who was austere as a man on a long pleasant walk whodoesn't overeat or overdrink so that the walk may be longer and pleasanter,while Unamuno is austere religiously, mystically. Giner de los Rios was thechampion of life, Unamuno is the champion of death. Here is his creed, oneof his creeds from the preface of the Vida de Don.Quijote y Sancho :" There is no future : there is never a future. This thing they call the fu- ture is one of the greatest lies. Today is the real future. What shall we betomorrow ? There is no tomorrow. What about us today, now; that is theonly question." And as for today, all these nincompoops are thoroughly satisfied becausethey exist today, mere existence is enough for them. Existence, or- dinary naked existence fills their whole soul. They feel nothing beyondexistence." But do they exist ?. Really exist? I think not, because if they did exist,if they realty existed, existence would be suffering for them and they wouldn'tcontent themselves with it. If they really and truly existed in time and space,they would suffer not being of eternity and infinity. And this suffering, thispassion, what is it but the passion of God in us ? God who suffers in us fromour temporariness and finitude ; that divine suffering will burst all the punybonds of logic with which they try to tie down their puny memories and theirpuny hopes, the illusion of their past and the illusion of their future. " Your Quixotic madness has made you more than once speak to me ofQuixotism as the new religion. And I tell you this new religion you propose tome, if it hatched, would have two singular merits. One that its founder, itsprophet, Don Quixote — not Cervantes — probably wasn't a real man of fleshand blood at all, indeed we suspect that he was pure fiction. And the othermerit would be that this prophet was a ridiculous prophet, people's butt andlaughing-stock." What we need most is the valor to face ridicule. Ridicule is the armof all the miserable barbers, bachelors, parish priests, canons, and dukes whokeep hidden the sepulchre of the Knight of Madness. Knight who made all theworld laugh but never cracked a joke. He had too great a soul to bring forthjokes. They laughed at his seriousness." Begin then, friend, to do the Peter the Hermit and call people to joinyou, to join us, and let us all go win back the sepulchre even if we dont knowwhere it is. The crusade itself will reveal to us the sacred place. " Start marching ! Where are you going ? The star will tell you: to thesepulchre ! What shall we do on the road while we march ? What ? Fight! Fight,and how ?" How ? If you find a man lying ? Shout in his face : lie! and forward !If you find a man stealing, shout : thief ! and forward ! If you find a manbabbling asininities, to whom the crowd listens open-mouthed, shout at themall: idiots ! and forward, always forward ! "To the march then ! And throw out of the sacred squadron all thosewho begin to study the step and its length and its rhythm. Above everythingthrow out all those who fuss about this business of rhythn. They'll turn thesquadron into a quadrille and the march into a dance. Away with them ! Letthem go off somewhere else to sing the flesh." Those who try to turn the squadron on the march into a dancing,quadrille call themselves and each other poets. But they're not. They'resomething else. They only go to the sepulchre out of curiosity, to see whatit's like, looking for a new sensation, and to amuse themselves along the road.Away with them !" It's these that with their indulgence of Bohemians contribute to maintaincowardice and lies and all the weaknesses that flood us. When they preachliberty they only think of one : that of disposing of their neighbor's wife. Allis sensuality with them. They even fall in love sensually with ideas, with greatideas. They are incapable of marrying a great and pure idea and breeding afamily with it; they only flirt with ideas. They want them as mistresses, some- times just for the night. Away with them!"If one wants to pluck some flower or other along the path, that smilesfrom the fringe of grass, let him pluck it, but without breaking ranks, withoutdropping out of the squadron of which the leader must always keep his eyes onthe flaming sonorous star. But if he puts the little flower in the strap abovehis cuirass, not to look at it himself, but for others to look at, away withhim ! Let him go with his flower in his buttonhole and dance somewhere else." Look friend, if you want to accomplish your mission and serve yourcountry, you must make yourself unpleasant to the sensitive boys who only seethe world through the eyes of their sweethearts. Or through something worse.Let your words be strident and rasping in their ears." The squadron must only stop at night, near a wood or under the lee ofa mountain. There they will pitch their tents and the crusaders will washtheir feet, and sup off what their women have prepared ; then they will beget ason on then and kiss them and go to sleep to begin the march again the follow- ing day. And when someone dies, they will leave him on the edge of the roadwith his armor on him, at the mercy of the crows. Let the dead bury thedead. "Instead of the rationalists and humanists of the North, Unamuno's idolsare the mystics and saints and sensualists of Castile, hard stalwart men whowalked with God, Loyola, Torquemada, Pizarro, Narvaez, who governed withwhips and thumbscrews and drank death down greedily like heady wine. Heis excited by the amorous madness of the mysticism of Santa Teresa and SanJuan de la Cruz. His religion is paradoxical, unreasonable, of faith alone, fullof furious yearning, otherworldliness. His style it follows is headlong, gruff,redundant, full of tremendous pounding phrases. There is a vigorous almostangry insistance about his dogmas that makes his essays unforgettable, even ifone objects as violently as Ido to his asceticism and death-worship. There isan anarchic fury about his crying in the wilderness that will win many a manfrom the fleshpots and chain gangs. In the apse of the old cathedral of Sala- manca is a fresco of the Last Judgment, perhaps by the Castilian painter Gal- lego. Over the retablo on a black ground is a tremendous figure of the eveningangel brandishing a sword while behind him unrolls the scroll of the Dies I?aeand huddled clusters of plump little naked people fall away into space fromunder his feet. There are moments in « Del Sentimiento Tragico de la Vida »and in the « Vida de DonQuijote y Sancho » when in the rolling earthy Castilianphrases one can feel the brandishing of the sword of that very angel. Not fornothing does Unamuno live in the rust and saffron-colored town of Salamancain the midst of bare redhills that bulge against an enormous flat sky in whichthe clouds look like piles of granite, like floating cathedrals they are so solid,heavy, ominous. A country where barenness and the sweep of cold wind andthe lash of strong wine have made people's minds ingrow into the hereafter, wherethe clouds have been tramped by the angry feet of the destroying angel.He is constantly attacking sturdily those who clamor for the modern- ization, Europeanization of Spanish life and Spanish thought. He is in manyways the counterprose to the humanitarian northern-looking movement of thedisciples of Giner de los Rios.In an essay in one of the volumes published by the Residencia de Estudian- tes he wrote :" As can be seen, I proceed by what they call arbitrary affirmations, withoutdocumentation, without proof, outside of modern European logic, disdainfulof its methods." Perhaps. I want no other method than that of passion, and when mybreast swells with disgust, repugnance, sympathy or disdain, I let the mouth,speak the bitterness of the heart, and let the words come as they come. " We Spaniards are, they say, arbitrary charlatans, who fill up with rhet- oric the gaps in logic, who subtilize with more or less ingenuity, but uselessly,who lack the sense of coherence, with scolastic souls, casuists and all that.« I've heard similar things said of Augustine, the great African, soul offire that spilt itself in leaping waves of rhetoric, twistings of the phrase, anti- thesis, paradoxes and ingenuities. Saint Augustine was a Gongorine and a con- ceptualist at the same time. Which makes me think that Gongorism and con- ceptualism are the most natural forms of passion and vehemence." The great African, the great ancient African ! Here is an expression —ancient African — that one can oppose to modern European, and that's worthas much at least. African and ancient were Saint Augustine and Tertullian.And why shouldn't we say : We must make ourselves ancient Africanstyle orelse we must make ourselves African ancientstyle.The typical tree of Castile is the encina, a kind of live oak that grows lowwith dense bluish foliage and a ribbed knotted and contorted trunk ; it alwaysgrows singly and on dry hills. On the roads one meets lean men with knottedhands and brown sun-wizened faces that seem brothers to the encinas of theircountry. The thought of Unamuno, emphatic, lonely, contorted is hammeredinto homely violent phrases brother to the men on the roads and to the encinason the hills of Castile.This from the end of « Del Sentimiento Tragico de la "Vida »:" And in this critical century, Don Quixote has also contaminated himselfwith criticism, and he must charge against himself, victim of intellectualism andsentimentalism, who when he is most sincere, appears most affected. The poorman wants to rationalize the irrational, and irrationalize the rational. Andhe falls victim of the inevitable despair of a rational century, of which the great- est victims were Tolstoy and Nietzsche. Out of despair, he enters into the heroicfury of that Quixote of thought who broke out of the cloister, Giordano Bruno,and makes himself awakener of sleeping souls, dormitantium animorum excubitor,as the ex-Dominican when of himself, when he wrote : . . . — The heroic love ispropor to superior natures called insane — insane — not because the do notknow — non sanno — but because they know too much — soprasanno —." But Bruno believed in the triumph of his doctrines, or at least at the footof his statue on the Campo dei Fiori, opposite the Vatican, they have put thatit is offered by the century he had divined — il secolo da lui divinato. But ourDon Quixote, the resurrected, Don Quixote, does not believe thathis doctrines will triumph in the world, because they are not his. And is itbetter that they should not triumph. If they wanted to make Don Quixoteking, he would retire alone to the hill-top, fleeing the crowds of king-makersand king-killers, as did Christ when, after the miracle of the loaves and fishes, they wanted to proclaim him king. He left the title of king to be put abovethe cross.What is, then, the new mission of Don Quixote in this world ? To cryto cry m the wilderness. For the wilderness hears although men do not hear,'and one day will turn into a sonorous wood, and that solitary voice that spreadsm the desert like seed, will sprout into a gigantic cedar that will sing with ahundreu thousand tongues an eternal hosanna to the lord of life and death. " III . d hereby hangs a moral highly applicable to our own trustee-riddenuniversities, if to nothing else. If we really wanted liberty of speech andtnought, we could probably get it — Spain fifty years ago certainly had a longertradition 01 despotism than has the United States - but do we want it ?In these years we shall see. 5 Marcoussis. Nature Morte. Marcoussis. Nature Morte. IF YOU HAD THREE HUSBANDS Gertrude Stein LENGTH OF TIME He agreed. He said I would have known by this time. I don't like tothink about it. It would have led to so much. Not that I am disappointedI cannot be disappointed when I have so much to make me happy. I know allthat lam to happiness, it is to be happy and lam happy. lam so completelyhappy that I mention it.In writing now I find it more of a strain because now I write by sentences.I don't mean that I feel it above. I feel it here and by this time I mention ittoo. Ido not feel the significance of this list.Can you read a book,By the time artificial flowers were made out of feathers no pride was left.Any one is proud if the name of their house is the name of a city.I remember very wrell the time I was asked to come up and I said I did notwant to. I said I did not want to, but I was willing not quite to understandwhy after all there need to poison. Do not say more than a word.No that is wrong.Cousins and cousins, height is a brother. Are they careful to stay.If you had three husbands I don't mean that it is a guess or a wish.I believe finally in what I saw in what I see. I believe finally in what I see,in where I satisfy my extreme shadow.Believing in an extreme dream. This is so that she told her mother.I do not believe it can be mentioned.Astonishing leaves are found in their dread in their dread of that color.Astonishing leaves can be found in their dread not in their dread of thatcolor. Astonishing leaves can be found in their dread in their dread ofthat color.When it came to say I mean a whole day nobody meant a whole day.When it came not to say a whole nobody meant a whole day. There neverwTas a single day or a single murmur or a single word or a single circumstanceof sweating. What is sweating. Not distilling. Distilling necessitates know- ing. Knowing necessitates reasons and reasons do not necessitate flowersStates are flowers.Brother to birthdays.Twenty four days. Not a beginning. By politeness. It is not really polite to be unworthy. Unworthy ofwhat unworthy of the house and of the property adjoining.Let me describe the red room. A red room isn't cold or warm. A red roomis not meant to be icy. A red room is worthy of articles.He pleased she pleased everybody. He pleased her.He pleased her to go. She was attracted by the time. Ido not rememberthat there were any clocks.I don't wish to begin counting.All this was after it was necessary for us to be there all the time. Whowere we. We were often enlivening. By way of what. By way of steps orthe door. By way of steps. By way of steps or the door.I remember very well the day he asked me if I were patient. Of course Iwas or of course I was patient enough, of course I was patient enough.When it was easy to matter we were all frames not golden or pointed, justfinely or formerly flattered. It was so easy easy to be bell. Belle was her name.Belle or Bella. I don't mean relations or overwhelming. I don't even meanthat we were fond of healthy trees. Trees aren't healthy by yesterday or byroots or by swelling. Trees are a sign of pleasure. It means that there is acountry. A country give to me sweet land of liberty.One can easily get tired of rolls and rows. Rows have one seat. Rolls arepolite. In a way there is no difference between them. Rolls and rows havefinished purses. Rows and rolls have finished purses.It isn't easy to be restless.If sitting is not developed.If standing is not open.If active action is represented by lying and if piles of tears are besidemore delight, it is a rope.By that we swim.Capture sealing wax not in or color.Ceilings.I like that dwelling.All the same sound or bore. Do it.Try that.Try.Why.Widen.Public speaking is sinister if cousins are brothers. We were a little pile.Buy that.There is no such sense.Pleasant days.So to speak.Sand to-day.Sunday.Sight in there.Saturday.Pray.What forsooth.Do be quiet.Laugh.I know it.Shall we.One must be willing.If one loves one another by that means they do not perish. Theyfrequent the same day and nearly that it was six months apart.Three and three make two.Two twenty.I was not disappointed.Do as you please, write the name, change it, declare that you are strong?be annoyed. All this is not foolish.She was doubtless not old.Pleasant days brother. I don't mean this thing. I don't mean callingaloud. I never did so, I was not plaintive. I was not even reached bycoughing. I was splendid and sorrowful. I could catch my breath.I don't feel that necessity.They came home.They came home beside.All of it was strange, their daughter was strange, their excitement wasstrange and painfully sheltered. Quiet leaning is so puzzling. Certainly glas- ses make cats a nuisance. We really have endured too much. Everybodysays the same thing.. Ild° not see nmch necessity for believing that it would have occurredas it did occur if sun and September and the hope had not been mentioned.It was all foolish. Why not be determined. Why not oppose. Why notsettle flowers. Settle on flowers, speak cryingly, and be loath to detain her.1 dont see how any one can speak.I am not satisfied. THEATRE John Rodker Close held by warm darkness,wet murmuring darkness,the crystal ball.The mellow stage lighttransfuses into the skulland the brain welters in light.The body forgotten, one with the dark,one's being nothing —but it projects a facadea tall windowwhich sucks in the light.And the light breaks in hard splintersbetween one's being which is nothingand the very bright windowwhich is nothing.It is all very peacefuland probably like heaven.Though far off and thinlyterror runs down a thin wire —Wells into sound —Fills the horizon to crush uswith a noise like tearing silk. F. Leger. Paysage Animé. DEDICATED TO THE ENEMY Gordon Graig Here, again, in connection with my own work, are some few assertionswhich have been made, which, while containing some degree of trnth, none ofthem contain the whole truth:"Mr. Gordon Craig, who has thought out his subject more completelythan any of his English imitators, long ago came to the conclusion that he mustmake his actors fit his background, and his logical mind created a new art inwhich each factor of the stage should be conditioned by the whole effect. Hewanted something quite different from a drama of human beings. I think thatis the logical outcome of highly-conventionalized back-grounds. PossiblyMr. Gordon Craig, the originator of all modern scenic art, does not think thatnow, for he himself says : 'My way changes every three years. Perhaps thisaccounts for my followers having lost their way.E A. Baughan, Daily News and Leader, 12 Feb. 1914." I gather that he [Mr. Gordon Craig] wants the scene, for all its simplifica- tions, to count for more, at any rate, than the words. It seems to me that he ismaking here for another form of art than drama. I can imagine that sucha form, in which figures magnified by mask and cothurnus moved about in thevast abstract spaces which his scenery can create, would be singularly beautifuland impressive ; but it will approximate rather to the dance than to the dramaas we know it. "Roger Fry, in the New Statesman, 27 June 1914."Mr. Craig is a bit of a genius (I hope he will agree with me that one mustnot use that word to the full too rashly), and he is wholly an idealist. Hewill have no less than the dramatic kingdom of heaven on earth. He willhave perfection as he sees it or nothing .. . Now, as with all idealists,Mr. Craig's influence has been mainly destructive. "Granville Barker, letter to Daily Mail, 25 Sept. 1912. " The trouble with Mr. Gordon Craig's conception of the theatre seems tobe his preoccupation with the pictorial and decorative side of drama. Theplays of Shakespeare fall into his scheme well enough ; but there is little roomfor Sheridan, and still less for Shaw. He ignores modern comedy altogether,and modern comedy is as needful for our sanity as it is for our amusement. "Ashley Dukes, letter to Daily Mail, i Sept. 1913."Mr. Gordon Craig would shut the lips of the theatre. "P. P. H. [owe.] Review of On the Art of the Theatre in Outlook, 23 Dec. 1912." Mr. Craig is a prophet. Like all prophets, he is wrong. And, like allprophets, he is valuable. If this book is one of the most useful things everwritten upon the subject of the drama it is that virtue not of its immediatepractical suggestions, but precisely by virtue of the fierce impossibilism ofits ideal. He gives us a fresh appreciation of the possible. "Floyd Dell. Review of On the Art of the Theatre in Chicago Evening Post,19 Jan. 1912." Mr. Gordon Craig, in the highest flights of his fancy, seems to desire,and expect, the total elimination of the speaking actor, leaving the interpreta- tion of the drama to mute figures — preferably mechanical — music, alle- gorical dancers, and special painted and atmospheric effects. "Review of On the Art of the Theatre in The Nation, U. S. A., 1 Feb. 1912." I understand that this subordination of the player is one of the aimsof Mr. Gordon Craig. "Westminster Gazette. Notice of The Miracle, 27 Dec. 1912." Mr. Craig's designs not only make an appeal independently of the playthey are supposed to illustrate : they actually dwarf the player's art and•disastrously compete with the author's intention. "The Future of the Theatre, John Palmer, 1913 \I hold that too much of this is rash and exaggerated misstatement bornof unconscious (let us hope unconscious) misunderstanding.Again, I remember once an actor-manager laughing at some paintingbecause the artist had made the sea yellow and the rocks green. The sea canbe yellow —it can be red — I have seen it both colours. Rocks can be greenand blue and crimson as well as gray, white, or brown. Trelawny —in hisRecords — writes:1 This writer calls his book "The Future of the Theatre, " and yet writes solely ofone branch of it — of the English Theatre. " Byron, looking at the western sky, exclaimed : ' Where is the green yourfriend the Laker talks such fustian about ? ' meaning Coleridge : Gazing on the western skyAnd its peculiar tint of yellow green.Dejection : in Ode. " ' Who ever, ' asked Byron, ' saw a yellow sky ? '" Shelley was silent, knowing that if he replied Byron would give vent tohis spleen. So I said : ' The sky in England is oftener green than blue." ' Black, you mean, ' rejoined Byron; and this discussion brought us tohis door. "But we know that the sky can be blue, it can be green, yellow, black;it can be and is every blessed colour ever known to us, and some unknownvet. us get higher up and lower down in the heavens, on eaitn and underit before we make our assertions. And then we shall get fewer fixed and er- roneous ideas.Accept it from me then — I who have anyhow been up and down intofar-off places in our Theatre world — accept it from me that while the Dramais all that Mr. Archer and Mr. Palmer and Mr. Collier and Aristotle tell us it is,it can be a hundred other things and a hundred more besides ... it is permitted.A Drama can be a silent affair, a spoken thing, a thing sung, spokenand silent : it can be enacted by a single person — who says nothing, whomoves only, who moves feet, arms, legs, hands, head, and whole person, orby one who moves hands alone, or by two who move head and hands, or byfour of whom one moves some of his limbs only and the others move nothingbut their heads. It may be sung by people or one person unseen ;or it may bespoken by a single person or many persons seen for three minutes and neverseen again. It may be made of scenes without figures as of figures withoutscenes. It may be made of forms signifying anything —or of sounds withoutwords.If I have a fancy and can humour it to the extent of creating something —well, I will choose motion, scene, and voice as my three elements for makingDrama.But that is merely my special fancy — and after all (if I create somethingworth while) then of a special fancy we shall all cry out — " That is the truth. "But that is not quite the truth.The truth is more than this and different.And as it is the critic's special delight to be just, to be ideal spectatorand ideal judge, he must, I should think, realize without any delay that, un- less he announces that he intends to judge from a very small and low point of view, his business is to enlarge and enlarge the bounds for our endeavour and not,as he does to-day, narrow them to the round o of a wren's eye.If the wise craftsman limits himself, not in thought but solely in his mat- erial, and to some particular tools of his trade, the critic need not concernhimself with teaching a craftsman to be wise. Let a craftsman attempt theimpossible — he can achieve it with one tool and with a minimum of material— but urge him on to attempt it : do not for ever blight his existence with thedreary pessimism of your despair. Despair we all can taste and without helpfrom anyone. The help we need is encouragement. What if we topple overthe precipice ?. . . what if we blow ourselves to the moon ?. . . urge us toattempt the impossible even though it be fraught with great danger.Then we get an audience — for an audience enjoys seeing us run risks.We do not get an audience to-day because critics are keen about turning onthe brake. VI I write this Note in a Theatre in Paris.The old conviction returns . . . and I of the Theatre . . . living it . . . swornto it . . . that all this closed in — cooped-up — darkened nonsense, is over anddone with ; . . this mystery of nothing — murky . . . dusky . . . damnable. . .And you on the stage whom I admire, who would gain everything bycoming out into the air — into the sun — losing nothing but some paint and afew twopenny tricks which could all be replaced by valuable truths . . .Why all this Red and Blue light, this purple artifice, which is all so in- complete ? . . . Where are your eyes that the yellow-white, pale blue, anddelicate mauve of Daylight touch you not, nor the ice-cold glare of whitenights have no significance ? Why this mumbling or writhing beneath pinkhalf-lights reminiscent of the candle-shades of the dear old restaurants?If virtuosity must turn down the lights all the time — why must it ? Crea- tion turns them dowrn only once and again.I am of the opinion that the study of Creation when it is at workproducing its daily drama is still not to be despised. Can I be wrong andyou right ? . . . in this, I mean ?The Shakespearean Plays, the Comedies of Moliere, may be for these theold pretty tricks are the very thing — Yet even here Shakespearean scholarsremind us that the scenes and actors were lighted by the sun.But you play no little dramas with others. You are alone — you enterand fill the stage with any figure you choose — and as many as you choose . . .your imagination peoples the place ; just as in his lovely scenes the great Appia seems to pack his empty platforms with a hundred hundred angels — andto start them singing when he chooses. This is the power of Imagination —you both possess it -— yet you choose to trifle — you who have no need to.Your great power (the power not yours but which yields to you) enablesyou to move your hand and, we seem to see lilies or roses or lilac growing —" when lilac first in the doorway .. . " You turn towards the right and bythe force of your imagination you project for us a group of three who seemto advance towards you : you turn from us a little and the dark comes on —you turn a little more, evening ; a little more and it is night.It is the power of Imagination, not your power, and you possess some ofit — enough to convince a world and baffle a nation. I have seen you bringpalm to palm silently and heard the cymbals — cymbals which sang ratherthan clashed. I have seen your shoulders move bending and heard the thun- ders of an old story rolling up around you. You have lain your hand on theearth obediently obeying the old Fate, and I have seen the earth open as asmile spreads and drench you in a yellow light. You were more than threehundred years old as you bent to obey and you rose up a 3roung woman.You who alone have the secret of this magic will never tinker with thetwopenny tricks of the trade. VII I write at another Theatre.How enchanting are the electric batteries of the Modern Theatre, its wires,its bulbs, its switches and its resistances! How enchanting the mirrorsof the ancients — and the reflectors of to-day . . . how delicious is all thismechanism and all its artificial products.You who read give me up, I suppose. You heard me only two momentsago calling such things twopenny tricks.Exactly, dear friend, exactly.For her —or for him twTopenny ; and twopence is too much. But forthe others, and certainly for me, quite satisfactory.Do you suppose I can see and admire two and take them to be one ? Ifimagination itself sings from the being we call Mozart — something else singsfrom him we call Balfe ....Place for Balfe — place for Iyecoc, plenty of room for both and for Bizet. . .three different places, three separate planes . . . Mozart's place is kept for himat Imagination's right hand. She herself keeps it for him. Then me needsmust find places for the rest. And with my artist living to-day — for him and for her, Imagination her- self keeps their places —at her right hand. And yet others must sit down atthe board.Each his place — the best possible — but it is not possible any othersshall sit in theirs — nor near them.. VIII I haven't the pleasure of the acquaintance of the ladies and gentlemenwho, I am told, run Covent Garden Theatre, but they are having a good time,I hope. Year in and year out these good and faithful amuse one another byfishing out from far-off lands such as Russia and Italy imitation works of art,absolute forgeries, and before these they solemnly sit dressed in genuine pearlsand diamonds, which shows that they have hope and patience if not discernment.I am told that the whole English Aristocracy runs Covent Garden. I'msure I can't say. If it does, then the sooner the People take the place in handthe better for England. For however badly the People will manage the place,I think they could not manage it worse.By that I mean not the least suggestion of incompetence on the part ofthe so-called managers, secretaries, and general staff of the Theatre. The wholestaff, as everyone can see by their work, is admirably organized and workswith precision and rapidity. No praise could be too great for it. It is of thearistocratic " managers " I speak . . . those who decide, those in power.These, owing to some advantage of education which they have over therest of us, are supposed to be able to recognize a genuine work of art from aforgery. Alas, then, that they should take themselves in every time.Perversity runs Covent Garden, not nobility.It's human after all —• but how expensive it must be !It reminds me of the attitude of Georges Sand, exasperated becauseChopin (or was it De Musset) will not do as she wishes .. . really she was adarling .. . Listen to her .. ."I am sick of great men (forgive the expression) : I should like to see themall in Plutarch. There they do not make one suffer on the human side. Letthem be cut in marble or cast in bronze, and let them be silent. So long asthey live they are wicked, persecuting, fantastic, despotic, bitter, susxjicious.They confuse in the same proud contempt the goats and the sheep \ Theyare worse to their friends than to their enemies. God protect us from them ;be good — stupid if you will. " And then she marries — Sandeau ! ! — and if ever there was a forgerySandeau was it. Sandeau for Chopin !! ! Well, Georges and the Syndicateat Co vent Garden are so alike. Perverse and piqued.It may be mere pique that causes the aristocrats of Covent. Garden tofling themselves on the good Beecham and the excellent Djagelief and begand beg for what we call " fakes, "... which they get; but the worst of it isthat the artists of strong personality seem to inspire terror in shareholders.This can only mean one thing, which is that the shareholders feel that unlesstheir will dominates the Theatre the results must be unsuccessful. This is oneof the most expensive delusions good, if perverse, people are alwa}rs obliged topay for.I think this is the very place for me to repeat for the fifty-eighth timethat the Theatre belongs to the Artists of strong personality. By that I donot mean belongs to theatrical people with a strong gift for managing men andwomen, although this is not seldom the definition given for an artist of strongpersonality ... of which calamity I shall have something to say in a momentor two. I mean by an artist of strong personality one who has seen superbsights which no one else has ever seen, and is able in his art to express whathe has seen strongly.There are only a very few such men and women.I would put down the names of a few of the great past, but it would onlyconfuse. I will confine myself to telling facts about the greatest living artistsof the Theatre . . . you know their names well enough.I believe there are four, perhaps five, great artists in the Theatre of Europe.There are six or seven more remarkable talents, — and another five who maybe said to have some surprising qualities.Not one of these ever comes to London, unless it be to some smallinsignificant theatre which they rent for a short season at great personalexpense.Now if there are fifteen artists, five of whom are the very first living to-day,is it not reasonable for us all to suppose that Covent Garden or Drury Lanethe two quasi-national Theatres of Great Biitain, should understand how toinvite these to show London the Art of the Theatre ?The truth is that Covent Garden and Druiy Lane do not know how toaddress any but artists of the second or third rank.So that really our English Covent Garden and our Lane are like a Zoolog- ical Gardens without any examples of Lions, Tigers, Eagles, Pythons. . .I take it that these good animals are very difficult creatures to catch. . .rather sensitive and very ferocious ; shy as anything in front of a hunter — rather more fond of liberty than any bushel of Covent Garden — certainlynot to be cajoled by a typewritten letter asking on what terms it will submitto be caught.Chaliapine ! — for the moment I had forgotten this amazing actor singer.Yes, Chaliapine did at last go to Covent Garden, but not before every French- man, Italian, Russian, and American had heard him and had taken his best.And I happen to know the whole silly comedy which the authorities ofCovent Garden thought necessary to perform before Russian and Frencheyes ere they discovered the right way to address Chaliapine.Do you know they actually told him that it would be so good for his careerif he would visit Covent Garden for a smaller fee than he has received in othercities... It seems incredible that these methods can still be employed,but so it is. M. Chaliapine made two replies. — The first is not publishable ;the second admitted how good it would be for his career, and yet somehow,it went on, he did not believe he would find his way to Covent Garden for onerouble less than less the sum he had named.And so year in and year out the English people are obliged to wait five,ten, or £fteen years after every other nation for a glimpse and a hearing of anartist to whom ultimately they pay more than any other nation. — Andall because these great Theatres have and hold to shoplike methods — themost unpractical and the most expensive from every point of view.What does it matter ? — Really nothing at all except that this is Eng- land, and if we had had our best English artists established firmly at the headof the first eight or ten English Theatres, we should then be rid of such wantonexpense and such gauche unpractically. 6 1 A thing Georges never could even suspect she might ever do or be doing. Alice Halicka. Portrait de l'Artiste. HOMAGE TO SIVA Romain Rolland There are a certain number of us in Europe for whom the civilizationof Europe does not suffice. We are dissatisfied sons of the West, who findourselves cramped in the old house, and who, though not failing to recognizethe fineness, the brilliancy and the heroic energy of an idea which conqueredand dominated the world for more than two thousand years, have been oblig- .ed, in spite of ourselves, to confess its insufficiencies and its narrow pride.We are the few who look towards Asia.Asia, the great continent, of which Europe is only a peninsula, the vanguardof the army, the prow of the heavy ship, loaded with the wisdom of thousandsof years. From her have always come our gods and our ideas. But inlosing contact with the native East, in the wild marches of our peoples alwaysfollowing the sun, we have deformed the universality of these vast thoughts forour own ends of limited and violent action.And now the races of the Occident find themselves cornered in a blindalley, and they crush each other ferociously. Let us wrench our spirit fromthis mob of bloody chaos. Eet us try to regain the great cross road of thehighways, from which the streams of human genius have spread to the fourpoints of the horizon. In order to find air let us mount again to the highplateaux of Asia.Europe has certainly never forgotten the way to Asia when it was a matterof pillaging, levying tribute, or exploiting the material riches of those landsunder the banner of Christ or of civilization. But what advantage has she takenof these spiritual treasures ? They have lain buried in collections and in archeo- logical museums. A few brilliant tourists from the Academies, have nibbledthe crumbs, but the spiritual life of Europe has not profited therefrom.Who, amid the confusion in which the chaotic consciousness of the Occidentis struggling, has looked to see if the civilization, forty centuries-old, of Indiaand China had no answer to offer our anguish, no models for our aspirations ?The Germans, with their vitality, more exigent, more self-questioning,were the first to seek in Asia that food which their famished spirit could nolonger find in Europe, and the catastrophes of the last years have precipi- tated this moral evolution, made up of disillusion with political action and exalt- ation of inner life. Noble initiators, like Count Kayserling, have popula-rized the wisdom of Asia. And some of the purest poets of Germany, like Her- mann Hesse, have felt the magic of Oriental thought to the point of transform- ing themselves so as to put their souls in accord with the artist-sages of theCelestial Empire.France, although similar currents are beginning to make themselves felt,and certain little known French individualities may be counted among theinitiators of the Awakening of Asia has remained behind in this movement ofcuriosity and profound sympathies. In no part of Europe has the recent visitof Tagore and his-appeal for a common work of European-Asiatic culture awaken- ed so little interest. A wall of self-satisfied indifference separates this countryfrom the rest of world life. The choleric Bjorson used justifiable to reproachus with this fact. But he was unjust in not recognizing the ceaseless effortsof a small number of Frenchmen to effect a breach in the wall. And this veryband, led by our friend Bazalgette — the brotherly friend in the Whitmanesquesense of all that is human — is a noble witness to it. us widen the breach !And through the opening may the rn.essa.ge of India be heard in France.Ananda Coomaraswamy is one of those great Hindus who, nourishedlike Tagore, on the cultures of Europe and Asia, have conceived in the legitimatepride of their splendid civilization the duty of working towards the union of ideas,Oriental and Occidental, for the benefit of humanity. The spectacle of the re- cent war, which has made evident the signs of the approaching ruin of the Euro- pean edifice, has shown them the urgency of their mission. At the same timethat the harmonious voice of Tagoie invites us to collaborate in his Interna- tional University of Santinikitan, Coomaraswamy raises his cry of alarm.He says to us : " Save Asia. Her idealism is in danger. If you do not saveher, beware lest the great Nemesis turns against you by Asia's hands, theImperialism of lucre and violence with which you have armed her. Asia'sdegradation will cause your ruin. Her uplifting will be your salvationBut proud Europe will not willingly admit that she can have need ofAsia, whom she has trampled under foot for centuries without a suspicionpassing through her mind that she was playing the role of Alaric on the ruinsof Rome. Yet Rome conquered the victorious Barbarians, as Greece had con- quered Rome. As India and China will finally conquer Europe —by the spirit.The aim of Coomaraswamy's book is to show the power of this spiritand all it holds in reserve for the grandeur and well-being of mankind.In a collection of essays, seemingly separate, but which all proceed fromthe same central idea and converge toward the same conclusion, we have anexposition of India's calm and ample metaphysic, her conception of the universe,her social organization, perfect in its own time and still capable of adapting itself to the rhythm of the new time; the solution that she has given to the prob- lems of women, the family, love, marriage ; and the magnificient revelationof her art. Over all the cathedral, ornate and proportioned of Asia's mightysoul, reigns the same spirit of sovereign synthesis. No negation. Everythingis harmonized. All the forces of life group themselves like a forest with a thou- sand waving arms, directed by Kataraja the master of the dance. Eachthing in its place, each being fulfilling its function, and all associated in the di- vine concert, making with their various voices and even dissonances, accordingto the saying of Heraclitus, the most exquisite harmony. While in the Occident,a strong, cold logic separates the dissimilar and shuts it up sorted indistinctand definite compartments of the spirit, India, taking account of the naturaldifferences of beings and of things, seeks to combine them so as to reestablishin its plenitude the total unity. The marriage of contraries forms the rhythmof Existence. Spiritual purity does not fear to ally itself with sensual delight,the freest sexuality with the loftiest wisdom. (The amazing vSahaja is the ex- treme type of this a paradoxical challenge of opposing forces united). Themasterpieces of art marry beauty to science and religion. Everywhere intenselife springs up in multiform but compact growth. Everywhere the look ofthe One in millions of eyes. As Tagore has sung in these immortal verses : — In each glory of sound and sight and scentI shall find thy infinite joy abiding:My passion shall bwn as the flame of salvation.The flower of my love shall become the ripe fruit of devotion. Without a doubt, the edifice of India's life rests entirely on one faith,therefore, like every creed, on a fragile and passionate hypothesis. But of allthe creeds of Europe and Asia, that of Brahmanistic India seems to me the onewhich embraces the most of the Universe.I do not speak against the others. The ecstatic intellectualism of primi- tive Buddhism, or the smiling serenity of the abyss which one breathes in Tse are infinitely dear to me, but I see in them moments of exceptional subli- mity, giddy heights of spiritual life. And what makes me love the Brahminconcept above all those of Asia is that it seems to me to contain them all. Bet- ter than the faiths of Europe it could harmonize itself with the vast hypo- theses of modern science. Our Christian religions have adapted themselvesto the progress of science (when there was nothing else for fchem to do) but onewould say that they have difficulty in freeing themselves from the heaven ofHipparchus and Ptolomeus, which they knew in their cradle.But when, after having let myself be carried away on the curve of livesby the movement, now ascendant and now descendant, of the Brahministic thought, I come back to my century, and I find there the prodigious effortsof the new cosmogony, sprung from the genius of Einstein, or freely inspired byhis discoveries, I do not feel myself expatriated. In the voyage of the spirit' across the stellar spaces, right to the bottom of the starry abyss, among the is- land universes, the nebulous spirals, the innumerable Milky Ways, the millionsof worlds spinning in time-space, curved, infinite, limited, whose star rays etern- ally circle and illuminate phantoms " doubles " on opposing points, I stillhear resounding the cosmic symphony of the worlds which follow each otherextinguishing and relighting with their living souls, their humanities and theirgods, according to the law of the Eternal Becoming, the Brahministic Samsana.I hear Siva dancing in the world, in my heart ....I do not propose that Europeans, should adopt an Asiatic Creed. Iadvise them only to enjoy the benefit of this magnificent rhythm, this breathlarge and slow. They will learn there what the souls of Europe and America1most stand in need of today : calm, patience, virile hope, serene joy, " likea lamp in a windless spot, which does not flicker 2The West, which furiously strives to attain individual and social happiness,falsifies and spoils its life. It kills in the embryo the happiness it pursuesby its frantic haste. Like a spent horse that see nothing between itsblinkers but the dazzling road before it, the vision of the Europeangoes scarcely beyond the limits of his individual life or the life of his group,of his country or his party. Within these narrow limits his will encloses therealization of the human ideal. He must at any price prove that he willsee it with his own eyes or — supreme concession that he will make to the slow- ness of human progress — that his children will pluck the fruits. Hence theseperpetual aspirations inevitably lost, these dreams of Picrocholes, these socialparadises realized on Earth by machine gun volleys or by trenchant decrees,this haste and this short-sighted violence. And since of necessity disillusionfollows, all is imagined to be lost, and the brief period of feverish exaltationis followed by a long period of morbid depression.The great Brahmin thought does not know these oscillations of the pendu- lum. It does not expect from a war or a revolution, or sudden coup, a brusqueand miraculous transformation of the world. It embraces immense periods,cycles of human ages, whose successive lives gravitate and slowly move towardsthe center (in concentric circles), the place of Deliverance already realizedin the souls of a few Forerunners. It is never discouraged. It has time. Acci- dents by the way cannot cast down or anger it. For it, error is not a sin; it is only youth. The whole cycle of time must be accomplished. It watchesthe wheel turn and it waits. And its vision which passes beyond the changinghorizon of good and evil, judges, lucid and serene, the flood of souls that goesby, indulgent to the frailties of the weak, and severe only with the strong.For this lofty thought demands much of those who are capable of much : andits entire conception of the hierarchy of castes, which at first sight seems socontemptuously aristocratic, is based on this principle (diametrically opposedto that of the egotistical democracies of the West) that the more elevated theman, the fewer are his rights and the more numerous his duties !. . . And inany case, lowly as a man may be, every man can raise himself, everyoneknows that he can, sooner or later, by reason of the normal evolution of exist- tences arrive at the culminating point of the curve, from whence by wayof the return the soul will escape from Time and its vicissitudes.Thus the infinite diversity of beings and desire becomes reconciled withthe eternity of the rhythm which binds them together in the one streammoving towards unity. But the question is not that this grandiose teaching of the spirit spreadover Europe the golden shade of its cupola. No, Europe must not be Asia.But she must not wish that Asia be Europe. She must learn to respect thegigantic personality of which her own is complimentary, without wishing(vain dream) to give a fictitious life to the forms of the past, so that thesetwo human worlds, by allying their genius, should in their union hew the pathtowards the future. This aim Ananda Coomaraswamy expresses with nobledaring at the end of his book, opposing the lofty idealism of Asia to the nation- alism of young India." Nationalism is not enough for the great Idealists of Young India.Patriotism is a parochial interest. . . vSuperior souls have finer roles tofill .. . Life, not only India's life, demands our loyalty. . . the flowering ofhumanity is worth more for us than the victory of a party . . . the chosen peopleof the future can not be a nation or a race, but an aristocracy of the Earthuniting the energy of European action with the serenity of Asiatic thought.We press in our own, this hand offered us by India. Our cause is thesame :to save the unity of mankind and its full harmony. Europe, Asia: ourstrengths are different. Let us unite them to accomplish the common task:the greatest civilization, the sum total of human genius.Teach us to understand all, Asia, teach us thy wise way of living. Andfrom us learn how to act. 1 It goes without saying tliat everything I say about Europe applies equally totbe European races who have peopled the New World.2 Bhagavada Gita. comment H. A. L. Is it possible for a man, potentially great, to live and die, sterile andunnoticed ? The facile optimist replies no, " Worth will out, you can't hidea barn in a haystack. " The pessimist on the other hand, answers in theaffirmative, claims it happens every day and usually insinuates he is a casein point. And the argument lasts till tempers are sullied, without victoryconsoling either party, for every example rules itself out by the very fact ofits being brought in. A useless discussion unless it aids digestion.But if one leaves the problem of men and examines the destiny of books,the subject proves itself better adopted for debate, as data on which to baseone's opinion, is available. If such a query jumps through the smoke ringsof the Saturday night peaceful knockers, general talk ceases. Each indivi- dual commences a monologue on " good books I have known, " and the in- nocent chair-backs resign themselves to listen to pathetic recitations on thedear departed. Countless volumes are dusted in memory and know for amoment the fame they failed to realize.We have always, at such a gathering, orated over the Dance of Siva.But we can no longer. This volume of fourteen Indian essays, was writtenby Ananda Coomaraswamy and published by the Sunwise Turn. We wereforced by circumstances to make its acquaintance immediately after its launch- ing into the free for all of an autumn book season. We were stunned by it.New worlds entered our field of interest, old concepts were seen to be question- able. An internal transformation took place, similar to that of the highschool boy on discovering H. G. Wells, or H. G. Wells on discovering God.We followed the career of the book. Discerning critics in widely scatteredlocalities, pointed out various laudable aspects of its variegated contents. Sev- eral hundred readers actually purchased the volume. The British Empireordered one hundred and fifty copies, one third of which were consigned to itsancient colony India about which the book was written. The second yearthe same story was repeated on a much smaller scale, and the Dance of Sivawrent permanently out of print before Christmas 1920.From that date on, we found it proper food for obituary sermons, andused the material contained in its pages to make ourselves appear wise and informed on matters pertaining to India's caste system, nuptial customs,art, music, love ideals, etc.But our little game is spoiled. M. Bazalgette has selected the Danceof Siva for his series of " lyes Prosateurs Modernes. "J. Mademoiselle Made- leine Rolland has made the translation. M. Romain Rolland has acclaimedthe volume in the excellent preface, the translation of which we are privi- leged to reprint in this number of " Broom. " Dr. Coomaraswamy is now amember of a goodly company. Before him, in this series of foreign writersmarch Cyril Buysse, Thomas Hardy, Knut Hamsun, Gottfried Keller, ScipioSlataper, John M. Synge, Frederick Van Eeden and Henry D. Thoreau:by his side — the printer will release April 1922 — walks Anton Tchekhov, andTheodore Dreiser, Felix Jimmermans, Rene Schickele, Boris Zaitsef andothers follow after.No more can we exemplify the world's lack of discernment by callingattention to the neglect of the Dance of Siva, for not only is it being thusintroduced to France, but M. Ivan Goll is preparing to bring it out in German.Perhaps, after the fourteen Indian Essays have completed their foreigntour, the country of their birth may become sufficiently interested to makeanother edition possible. It will not have been the first time an Americanbook has had to await foreign recognition before native readers would deignto cut its leaves. MAXWELL BODENHEIM «THE ARTIST, GES- TICULATING ABOUT HIMSELF, ON HISDIVAN, IS HIDEOUS, BUT IF HE DANC- ED ON A BOULDER AND WAVED ALILAC BOUGH IN ONE HAND AND A« BROOM » IN THE OTHER, ONE COULDRESPECT HIM. » &lt;®&gt; THE WATERSIDELAND CORPORATIONOFFERS FOR SALENO. 3 RIVERSIDE DRIVENEW YORK CITYFIYE STORY ENGLISH BASEMENT DWELLING37 x 97 IRREGULARFOR FURTHER INFORMATIONAPPLY TO YOUR OWN BROKER. THE SUNWISE TURNBOOK SHOPYALE CLUB BUILDING51 EAST 44th STREET(Neighboring the Grand Central)Write us about our Poetry Evenings andour subscription plan.Original Publishers ofTHE DANCE OF SIVA. LIBRERIA LIBERMAInternational Bookseller andGeneral Agents forITALIAN BOOKSOld and Rare Volumes - Periodicals- Current Books - Quickest Ser-vice - Cheapest RatesREFERENCES:Universities - Public Libraries inEngland and America.Via Francesco Crispi, 81 - Rome ORIENTALIA IT ronn THPMay be obtained from 22, East 60™ Street J * UU 1NEW YORK CITYLA DANSE DE QVABYANANDA COOMARASWAMYwith a Preface specially written for the French EditionbyROMAIN ROLLANDThe American edition of which is now out of print and unobtainable.With ten full page photogravure Plates i6M0 volume.Paper covers: francs 8Special art binding: » 12First Edition on Lafuma pure linen paper, each copy numbered: » 15F. RIEDER &amp; C., PUBLISHERS - 7, Place ST. SULPICE - PARIS, (VI). LP.MembersNew York Stock Exchange120, Broadway.oooTelephone: 3240 Rector. QUISISANA LODGEANDBUNGALOESLake Kezar, Center Novell,MAINE.Open June to OctoberFor particulars address:MARION BROWN, Secretary.46-E. 75th Street.Telephone: RHINCLANDER, 2671.