Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 4, No. 2 (1923-01) naap_1923-01_01 Princeton University Library 3 types (wrapper, inside, glossy image, one image in colour); hand-made paper, visible chain-lines 84 22 32 continuous with previous issue illustrations on inside paper and on glossy paper, glued in as inserts same as previous issue cover in wrappers glued; inside stapled double-sided images on glossy paper, glued in between pp. 88-89, pp. 104-05, pp.120-21, pp. 128-29 Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 2/6d . Beach Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Matthew Joesphson edt Lola Ridge edt Ladislas Medgyes edt Broom pbl Printed by Rich. Labisch &amp; Co., Graphische Kunstanstalt G.m.b.H., Berlin (Germany) prt 4 2 January 1913 Headquarters: Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany Broom Cover Design (Woodcut) Gontcharova cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Joke.... Holling Allison Clancy cre 3 My Dear Mrs. Wurtelbach Kenneth Burke cre 4-8 Stadium Concert Charles Galwey cre 9-11 Karintha Jean Toomer cre 13-15 Untitled Woodcut Illustration 15 Maya Art George Sacken cre 16-18 Untitled Motif Illustration 16 Untitled Motif Illustration 17 Untitled Motif Illustration 18 Stone Figure Illustration 19 Stone Head Palenque Illustration 19 Stela Copan Illustration 20 The House of Conover Robert Alden Sanborn cre 21-36 Altar, West Side Quirigua Illustration 37 Palace: East Wing of Upper Range Labna Illustration 38 Pursuit Matthew Josephson cre 39-41 Untitled Motif Illustration 41 Nigger Margaret Evans cre 42-45 Untitled Motif Illustration 45 Symposium William Carlos Williams cre 46-54 Untitled Illustration 54 Portion of the Facade Showing Simplified Masks Kabah Illustration 55 Sealed Portal Vault Uxmal Illustration 56 Morning Kay Boyle cre 57-58 Untitled Motif Illustration 58 Fugitives Charles Galwey cre 59-63 Untitled Motif Illustration 63 Circle Elsa von Freitag-Loringhoven cre 64 Untitled Motif Illustration 64 Terra Cotta Figurines Honduras, Guatemala and Mexico Illustration 65 Stone Relief Illustration 66 The High Hat Louis Gilmore cre 67 Untitled Motif Illustration 67 Wear Gertrude Stein cre 68 The Springs of Guilty Song Hart Crane cre 69-70 Untitled Illustration 70 Hymen Marianne Moore rev 71-73 Pascin's America Malcolm Cowley cre 74-75 Poems: Marianne Moore M. J. cre 76-78 ... and America where there Marianne Moore cre 84 Broom logo Illustration 84 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 79 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 81 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 83 broom An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb. Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Matthew Josephson. American Editor, Lola Ridge. Associate Art Editor, Ladislas Medgyes. PUBLISHED MONTHLY JANUARY, 1922 VOL. 4, NO. 2 Page Joke — Holling A. Clancy 73 My dear Mrs. Wurtelbach — Kenneth Burke 74 Stadium Concert — Charles Galwey 79 Karintha — Jean Toomer 83 M\ ya Art — George Sacken 86 The House of Conover — Robert A. Sanborn 89 Pursuit — Matthew Josephson 105 Nigger — Margaret Evans 108 The Destruction of Tenochtitlan — William Carlos Williams 112 Morning — Kay Boyle 121 Fugitives — Charles Galwey 123 Circle — Elsa von Freitag-Loringhoven 128 The High Hat — Louis Gilmore 129 Wear — Gertrude Stein 130 The Springs of Guilty Song — Hart Crane 131 Hymen — Marianne Moore 133 Pascin's America — Malcolm Cowley 136 Poems.- Marianne Moore, T. S. Eliot — M. J 138 Reproductions Cover Design (Woodcut) — Gontcharova Maya Architecture and Sculpture, facing pages 88, 89, 104, 105, 120, 121, 128, 129 Maya Motifs and Designs, throughout. The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon - sible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Berlin office,- mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is: For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 2/6 d the copy, and one pound five shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. Y- April 22, 1922 under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters. Schicklerstrasse 5, Berlin, Germany New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. 73 JOKE Silver knives, Lanced on long winds Have killed the grass-bloom; A blue-chinned mountain Strokes his shag-beard .... The dog is dead, And dry-rots over the rafters That rib up through cracked roof-mud . . . . One Penitente whipped too long On the up-hill, and ripping fibre-thorns Sawed him from life .... Crow-egg has pipped In a far pine's fur Dad crow flaps home With a fat, fresh horse-eye! Holling Allison Clancy 74 MY DEAR MRS. WURTELBACH I. What if he had known Wurtelbach since the days when they had a tent in the back yard and played Old Maid if it rained? It was in the company of Wurtelbach that he had bought his first beer. Furthermore, he had roomed with Wurtelbach at the university. But as to Mrs. Wurtel - bach, he had taken her limp hand and been assigned to a chair once, and another time he had been informed that her husband often spoke of him. As a consequence, the letter was written thus: My dear Mrs. Wurtelbach: How can I express my sympathy with you and little Dorothy over the loss of husband and fatherl I heard the terrible news this morning for the first time, and since then I have felt the need more and more strongly of writing a few words, however much they fail of conveying my deep condolence. At such times one is painfully aware of just how cruel fate can be, and how we are all called upon to bear our load of suffering. But surely it must be some consolation to you in your sorrow to realize that there are so many who knew and loved your husband. And then again, you must strive to remember that he himself would wish those whom he left behind to be as happy as possible. My mother asks me to assure you in her behalf how greatly she, also, enters in with you in your affliction. Wurtelbach dead! Wurtelbach pig-stewed . . . dead. Wurtelbach addressing the Chamber of Commerce with that artificial seriousness of his . . . dead. Wurtelbach sneezing . . . dead. All the little untied ends of Wurtelbach's experiences had just stopped being there to tie. In some closet or other the baggy trousers were hanging which Wurtelbach was going to put on next Sunday morning. His wife and child were no doubt crying in Sewickley. Charles did not cringe at sending the letter, any more than he had cringed at eating breakfast. If it had been Charles who had died, Wurtel - bach would have sent a similar letter to his mother; indeed, somewhere in the letter he might even have situated Charles comfortably in Heaven and hinted that it is selfish of us to grieve the loss of one who has been Galled Home. Charles realized that he could write it, and mail it, while the 75 1* fact of Wurtelbach's death would remain on his hands in exactly the same way. The time he and Wurtelbach had . . . dead. Like lead, in bed, his dull, dull head (pause) . . . dead (one, two, three) . . . dead. "Hello . . . yes . . . oh, hello, Alice. I hoped you'd call. Yes, I got home all right . . . dead . . . rather late, of course, but I had a good night." Now, concerning this matter of the Chicago Awto-Lite Company, why not write them and tell them to forward the photographs in any case, and if we found that we could not run the illustrations, we could either return them forthwith or hold them for a future article our editors might get up on accessories. Hanging up there lop-sided in the closet, all ready for next Sunday. The pump stopped; it's all over when that convulsion stops down there under the ribs. Once, with a sudden freezing, Charles understood that he had lost dear old Wurtelbach. II. First Esther had stepped over the log, and then Miss Anderson had stepped over the log, and then Myrtle and Wurtelbach had stepped over the log, and then, after a long interval, Anne had stepped over the log . . . and then . . . over the log . . . the log ... log .. . Then they were all gone. They had all gone ahead, leaving the log behind them, and fresh rips in the ferns growing out of the rotten leaves. Wurtelbach had avoided the cow-flops, as well as the eyes of the girls. What if he were to eat a cow-flop; Christ, what a stir! The girls' legs carried them up, up the hill; Wurtelbach considered the masterful working of these mechanisms. Esther was a kid; that's why she was first. Or more accurately, Esther was still a colt. Esther went on up the hill, without the least suspicion of the night Wurtelbach wanted to eat her. Esther was as useless as a sparrow. Her unhappy body was without significance. Wurtelbach agreed with a certain guilty awkwardness while she talked of climbing Hawkbill and yelling across to Chestnut Ridge. He was willing to drop, behind. Myrtle, gentlemen, was Queenly. With all her bones comfortably buried beneath a half-inch cushion of warm flesh, Myrtle could take up 76 as much of your time as she cared to by talking deliberately. Myrtle could bathe in spring water without suffering; but the irrefutable fact re - mained that there was frequently a strong odor which came from Myrtle's armpits. The general picnic spirit continued. They would be at Buckeye Spring in fifteen minutes. Oh, look, the columbines were still perfect! And they had seeded in the valley two weeks ago! The bull! The bull! . . . Wurtelbach promptly advanced, while the girls crawled back under the barbed wire nervously. The brute kicked up clods of grass and dirt over his swaying rump. Wurtelbach collected rocks with an inward emphasis. Then he began throwing, until one rock hit the bull on a protruding shoulder bone. The bull retreated back among the trees, vibrating and sending little pebbles rolling down the hill. Wurtelbach continued to throw, thus assuring safe conduct for his women. Then came half a mile of tangle, where the trail was nearly lost, until it broke into full view of the mountains. They rolled away blue-black, like the faithful backs of elephants. From across the valley they got the broadside of Craggy. Every one waited for Anne, and when she arrived she was chagrined at being waited for. You could plunge words deep into Anne. Some little half-uttered sentence with the man-and-woman about it . . . you could let it drop and feel sure that it would be picked up. Anne was like a deep pool: you could throw in a pebble . . . there would be a little ripple . . . and then the pebble would lie there. When Anne went into her room at night and shut the door, you felt that it was being shut with sullenness. Anne was not good-looking; it was generally agreed that she would never marry. When they reached the Flats, Wurtelbach sneaked away to observe the ridges. Thirty-seven could be seen from here on a clear day. Wurtel - bach counted twelve before he thought to close his eyes. When he opened them again, he picked one little white roof five miles down the valley. Then he sailed from here to there in a bee-line, and among the ridges. The thin, dead air made him feel the pulse-beat in his ears. Two months after this Wurtelbach was dead. III. For a few notes the band chugged in unison, and then it broke away again, all the little parts flying off independently. That was jazz. The 77 piccolo wabbled on a three-bar spree; the violin tumbled down three octaves. The pianist bounced alternately from bass to high treble. (No use; everybody just ate.) The trombone saw its chance, and drawled blurtingly. The trap-drummer let loose all over, drums, bells, bones, cymbals. For a while each player ran his own little circle around the melody, existed by himself, felt recklessly assertive. (Five hundred crab meat salads were removed simultaneously, and five hundred roasted second joints of capon were brought in their place.) The band stopped to change the score, and there would have been dead silence if every one were not hearing his own jaws. After the nuts had been passed around, however, and breadcrumbs had been brushed secretly from the knees to the floor, and the cigars were lighted tentatively, one dealer from Buffalo, seated at table 36, offered a joke about a very stupid and very typical Englishman. This Englishman, while visiting his American cousin in California, being greatly impressed by the extended cultivation which was going on, had asked. "But bah Joove, ah say, what do you do with all this produce?" And the American had answered. ff Oh, we can what we can, and what we can't can, we can." Now the Englishman was inordinately tickled with this, but later, while trying to repeat it back home, he blundered with characteristic stupidity, ff oh, we can what we cawn, and what we cawn't can we put up in tins." Table 36 laughed the fitting amount, and a dealer from a small town outside of Buffalo told one about a rather fast woman; and what is more, he followed it with one about a woman's parts. Table 36 was now in a pleasant frame of mind, and when the band jazzed again, everybody joined in the chorus. The two men came out — fairies probably — and sang something or other. The five hundred gentlemen assembled did not listen. The two fairies melted away, and forty women appeared, which explains why certain tables were upset in the yowling rush toward the centre of the floor. Yaaing, these babies stood up on ladders, and oscillated the jelly of their breasts. For an hour, then, this tingling meat was examined. And when it left, the president of the All-American Corporation gave a speech: "Gentlemen ... As I look over this glad assemblage ... of more than five hundred . . . this evening ... it takes me back nine years to the first annual banquet held under the auspices of the Ail-American 78 Corporation Stop to consider, gentlemen, what really tremenjous strides the All-American has made in these nine short years. . . . Transport yourself back to those uncertain days when our organization was making its first struggle for existence If I remember correctly, there were just . . . one . . . two, there were exactly fourteen dealers present at the first annual banquet of the All-American Corporation. "How little we expected then, when Mr. Hemmingway talked of moving his little hub factory to a larger city, that nine years from that day we should have . . . not one headquarters in a large city . . . not two . . . but representatives distributed over the length and breadth of the en-tire world! Little did we think at that time that civilization would develop such an insatiable hunger for our commodity. "Little did we think, I say. But that statement is unjust; for even at that early date the faith of the founder of our organization never wavered. For Mr. Hemmingway was a man of vision, a prophet, a seer. He could foretell, where we could not, what a great demand was to be created in the world for his invention. And today, thanks to the vision of that un - daunted genius . . THE WORLD IS WITHOUT A TOY. Romance, realism, the inquisition, the City of God, geo-centricity . . . they have left us nothing . . . nothing but a wobbly art trying to hit us on the head with a club. Is there some life beyond the mucous membrane? Is there some significance beyond a little suburban home? As an adolescent, I car - ried vague possibilities in my groins; and now there is nothing left but to look at people. Christ, they have even burned out our pessimism! Ah! to have gotten up in the night, and to have noticed the door open and the light lit. And to have passed down the corridor ... and nothing . . . nothing ... to have returned, unchanged. What are we to do with the growing trees? And Mrs. Buckhorn yelling down the dumb-waiter shaft? Let me rise above ... let me main - tain ... let me affirm . . . There is the epigram, and there is the epic . . . and I have squeezed big theoretical tears. If there is one pure joy left with us, it is to pass a tight jobby. David, my little man, sling your pebble at the universe. Kenneth Burke 79 STADIUM CONCERT Welter of loveliness And cash net sixty days do it now. Splendors — And futilities earning dollars — The crowd The individual New York. Stone seats in tiers (Damn my back!) A semi-circle of brown Doric Jowled by cigar box tenements Blatant brick of Hebrew Orphan Asylum A many peaked rubble of bastard college Parodying Oxford and cathedrals With six windows that slit mild light. Straight scream of electric arcs. An orange flame mutters waveringly upward in the dim east city Below the dusty bastions of a park. The focus, a belly of sounding board, a stage, Fat bass fiddles, iron desk. Tables, lonely, barren, bereft of genial foams. 80 The central ten thousand huddle A self-drilled mob school. Some leech has let the blood Of outward loveable gayeties. Girl stenographers "going with" their men. Jew and Christian. Clerks salesmen buyers teachers Dwellers in hot perforations of vertical Rows of eyes that stare inanely Vertiginous identity. Exalted, beautiful, the Seventh Symphony, The sure reconcilers, brass, wood, strings, High a woman's voice Flatterers Into an escape To emotions soft red, purple, rhythmic, Shading away constricted monotony Of cloaks suits hair nets hats stocks bonds schoolrooms Dry-goods advertising. Alone Two Where at the semi-circle ends Individuals vanquish the crowd. The woman, crouched head over knees Big hatted, Her mystery Poignant where the sounds Announce themselves in shadows. 81 The man, tiers under her Unmoving, straw hatted, Common cryptic solitary. INTERMISSION Program list of guarantors, Vaguely existent rich, the powerful ones, Givers of spiritualities out of dollars. FINAL ENCORE Showery clapping dispersed. A concert neatly fitted into the rut THE BOSS orders them back To clean bed rooms porcelain efficient kitchens Strap clutching subway stench, screaming ff L" Sadistic slavery and return. Or a walk by the park benches Prescient the Phallic obscene Day hidden — Cackling inuendoes boys hug girls — They write their world in the scrawls of privies, Dust bare grass Electric glamor of tree boughs. Huge naked breast of water Saturated lead by sewers — Red and green glow of little boats in swarm — In it are sunk the stars. All obsessing electric capitals Warner's Sugar And on the Palisade cliff Surf Bathing Moon silvered coin edge of ragged cloud A chuckle streaking straight overhead. The busses totter spilling the jammed shadows Cloaca and Beethoven Putridity of a monster gas tank gray — Nausea of sliding automobiles and hunger of their eyes Hunting, yellow — Fetid heat of August with fecundity at play. Illusion winged beauty — A million strangled deaths of trapped souls. The crypts of loneliness, The dreams and immundicities of the crowd. New York. Charles Galwey 82 83 KARINTHA (To be read, accompanied by the humming of a Negro folk-song) Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon, O can't you see it, O can't you see it, Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon . . . When the sun goes down. Men had always wanted her, this Karintha, even as a child, Karintha carrying beauty, perfect as dusk when the sun goes down. Old men rode her hobby-horse upon their knees. Young men danced with her at frolics when they should have been dan - cing with their grown-up girls. God grant us youth, secretly prayed the old men. The younger fellows counted the time to pass before she would be old enough to mate with them. This interest of the male, that wishes to ripen a growing thing too soon, could mean no good to her. Karintha, at twelve, was a wild flash that told the other folks just what it was to live. At sunset, when there was no wind, and the pinesmoke from over by the saw-mill hugged the earth, and you couldn't see more than a few feet in front, her sudden darting past you was a bit of vivid color, like a black bird that flashes in the light. With the other children one could hear, some distance away, their feet flopping in the two inch dust. Karintha's running was a whir. It had the sound of the red dust that sometimes makes a spiral in the road. At dusk, during the hush just after the mill had closed down, and before any of the women had started their supper-getting-ready songs, her voice, Wgh-pitched, shrill, would put one's ears to itching. But no one ever thought to make her stop because of it. She stoned the cows, and beat her dog, and fought the other children . . . Even the preacher, who caught her at mischief, told himself that she 84 was as innocently lovely as a November cotton-flower. Already, rumors were out about her. Homes in Georgia are most often built on the two-room plan. In one, you cook and eat, in the other is where you sit and sleep, and where love goes on. Karintha had seen or heard, perhaps she had felt her parents loving. One could but imitate one's parents, for to follow them was the way of God. She played home' with a small boy who was not afraid to do her bidding. That started the whole thing. Old men could 110 longer ride her hobby-horse upon their knees. But young men counted faster. Her skin is like dusk, O can't you see it, Her skin is like dusk When the sun goes down. Karintha is a woman. She who carries beauty, perfect as dusk when the sun goes down. She has been married many times. Old men remind her that a few years back they rode her hobby-horse upon their knees. Karintha smiles, and indulges them when she is in the mood for it. She has contempt for them. Karintha is a woman. Young men run stills to make her money. Young men gamble to make her money. Young men go to the large cities and run on the road. Young men go away to college. They all want to bring her money. These are the young men who thought that all they had to do was to count time. But Karintha is a woman, and she has had a child. A child fell out of her womb onto a bed of pine-needles in the forest. Pine-needles are smooth and sweet. They are elastic to the feet of rabbits . . . A saw-mill was nearby. Its pyramidal saw-dust pile smouldered. It is a year before one completely burns. Meanwhile, the smoke curls up and hangs in odd wraiths about the forest, curls up, and spreads itself out over the valley. Weeks after Karintha returned home, the smoke was so heavy you tasted it in water. Someone made a song: 85 Smoke is on the hills. Rise up. Smoke is on the hills, O rise And take my soul away. Karintlia is a woman. Men do not know that the soul of her was a growing thing ripened too soon. They will bring their money; they will die not having found it out . . . Karintha at twenty, carrying beauty, perfect as dusk when the sun goes down. Karintha . . . Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon, O can't you see it, O can't you see it, Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon . . . When the sun goes down. Goes down . . . Jean Toomer 86 MAYA ART There is in the American Museum of Natural History, a room devoted to Maya art. No one can pass through this room without being powerfully affected, either pleasantly or unpleasantly. One is disturbed, perhaps repelled by the vivid forms that fill the room, and one wonders why these works and the people who created them are so little known. For the room is charged with the spirit of a strong race. We feel distinctly the presence of a remarkable temperament, highly sophisticated yet essentially barbaric. A rectangular column, some twenty feet high, covered with tortuous ornaments, towers to the ceiling. Near the top there is a human mask of heroic size startlingly like a Buddha, but frigid with cruelty. This stela dominates the room. It is as mysterious and as exalted as the Grotto Gods of Tuan Huang. There are smaller columns and many altars, some regular and others irregular in shape, each covered with a maze of abstract and apparently unorganized forms. The variety of these forms is prodigious — geometrical elements, coarse grotesque figures and intricate arabesques — each virile and expressive. Seldom is abstract ornament so articulate. These forms are varied, combined, and elaborated in the deliberate search for plastic sensation. Plastic sensation is the aesthetic emotion created by form. Architecture is perhaps the purest and most profound plastic expression. The relation between the horizontal and the vertical, the mode of the arch, are the indices of a race's temperament. They express its dominating character- * The Maya Indians occupied the peninsula of Yucatan, Central America, and the contiguous mainland westward to the Pacific coast. In the sixteenth century the Spaniards, marching north from Peru to Mexico, found their ruined cities inhabited by an alien and inferior race of Indians. The Mayas themselves were extinct. Little is known of their history, for any documents that might have told of their habits and ideas were destroyed by over zealous Spanish priests. Two beautifully illustrated, but otherwise unimportant manuscripts exist. Not even an exact date is known, but ethnologists agree that the Maya era was approximately from 200 B ... to 1300 A. D. and that their best works were wrought in the fourth and fifth centuries when the Aztecs and Incas were little more than savages. 87 istics. Painting with its more fragile and flexible means, its privilege of realism, reveals the more intimate and personal poetry of a people. Maya art lies somewhere between these, neither as grand as architecture nor as sensitive as painting — an f 'intimate architecture" perhaps. Even their realistic sculpture —- Ghac Mool, the Singing Girl, — are formal and aloof, semi - architectural. But they and all, even the smallest forms, have the plastic purity and force of architecture in a relative degree. They are never, however regular or conventional, mere decoration. They are as vital as alphabets or symbolic figures. It is the particular genius of the Mayas that these virile and insistent forms do not destroy the surface or mass they cover. Guiriga altar — and the facade at Labna — are striking examples of this power. In the former the very shapelessness of the stone is crystallized by the writhing forms. The Guiriga altar is as expressive today as five centuries ago. What meaningless masses the realistic sculpture of today will be when its senti - mental significance is forgotten. The facade at Labna is an amazingly skillful orchestration of forms. The broad horizontal band across the center is counterpoint to the vertical elements above and below, preventing them from dominating and thereby destroying the surface. This band casts a black shadow where it projects 88 over the lower part of the wall. Directly above this shadow is a strip per - fectly free of ornament creating a brilliant, incisive contrast such as no other means could achieve. The dominating zig-zag serpent motif is tem - pered by the quieter motifs above and below it. This skillful opposition of vivid and of quiet forms, of horizontal and of vertical elements, produces an exquisite harmony — vivid but not crude, of utmost variety but absolute unity. All Maya works display this creative intelligence, and conscious use of definite aesthetic principles. Today, when a new order of artists is trying to rescue art from the morass of misused realism and to bring direction to an inchoate aesthetic Maya art particularly recommends itself. George Sacken Stone Figure Stone Head Palenque Stela Copan 2 89 THE HOUSE OF CONOVER There was consternation in the house of Price Conover. It was not mingled with grief, nor with sympathy; it was pure consternation which contains the same elements as fear but in different proportions, and under the influence of this emotion some of the guests began to pack their bags for departure to the city. The conduct of these few, for a certain embarrassed decorum restrained the greater number, recoiled upon their heads in the form of petulant comment, so that they sullenly stayed out the day only to make a weak gesture of defiance to the prevailing opinion by tiptoeing out during the night to catch the early morning train which took the farmer's milk into New York. In the overheated car, where gas-lamps mingled sickly yellow rays with the grey frosty dawn, they relaxed, grumbling to one another their relief as the train took them farther and farther from the shrill ravings and terrified screams of young Price Conover jr., whose wedding at St. Peter's at high noon a certain unknown boot-legger had unwittingly prevented. The groom-to-be was not popular with his father's guests. They had come to the three day party with the same impersonal alacrity with which they would have followed a stranger up an alley had he crooked a finger, winked one eye, and lightly patted his hip-pocket. The difference was that everything in the elder Conover's cellar had been sealed in the days when the government bond meant something. For three days the lights were never switched off, night or day. The men, all hardy veterans of many a battle with the brains of Kentucky and the brawn of Scotland, drank until they fell about the billiard and poker tables, and slept where they fell. Later in the day they stumbled up to beds, or were dragged there by servants who, callous as they were, grew sick of the job; but no one ever thought or cared to press a button that would quench the blazing lights. In the dining room the radiance was strained through grey strata of cigar smoke; in the bedrooms the lamps heated the stale air while men slept like the dead. By night the country folk on their way home from town pointed to the yellow edges of light along the margins ol the heavy window draperies, and made moral observations on the ways of the rich; by day the house appeared deserted except as pasty-faced, 90 heavy-eyed men in evening dress came out for moments to shiver silently and spout foggy breaths on the crisp air. But on the fourth day the lights went out and curtains were raised, and the weather being sunny and more moderate, more men came forth to blink in the pale sunshine and to whisper uncomfortably under the faintly stirring trees. While from a room on the second floor came the jangling yells of a boy afraid to die. This was a Tuesday. The first train, number seventeen, due at nine - thirty but actually arriving at about ten, brought two distinguished medical men from New York. Number twenty eight, due at one o'clock, brought three more. Both trains were met by Price Conover's mouse-colored limousine with the blue trimmings, and the footman in his dark blue livery and silver buttons bowed the grave doctors into the car and into the presence of the senior Conover and his friend, Hillyard. All but one of the five most famous specialists in New York were driven back to the depot in the grey limousine to catch the late afternoon train for the city. They presented the non-committal appearance of closed drawers swollen by wet weather, and gave up no secrets to the scrutiny and cocked ears of the curious townsfolk who observed them. The elder Conover did not escort them. In his high-posted, oak-pannelled library, with beads of sweat rolling down his sagging cheeks he battled for one word of hope with the remaining physician. "I tell you it's impossible!" he shouted, leaning over the massive mahogany desk with two stubby hands pressed upon the gleaming surface, the fumes from his distorted mouth puffing into the delicate face of the physician who was seated in the desk chair "Every bottle in my vault was sealed in bond. It was bought and stored away before boot-legging was an infant industry. Price and I have emptied cases of the stuff and never found one selfrespecting headache in the lot. Why, the Conover constitution is as famous in the liquor trade as the paper my ancestor signed a hundred years and more ago." And then, as though caught in a panic of fear that his bravado would check the only voice that could speak the hope he craved, he choked on a sob, and went on in a pitiful croak: "Say, doctor, you can't sit there and tell me that Price — that Price is going to —" The austere silence of the room lined with books in a perfect state of preservation was hardly broken but merely etched by the dry voice 2 * 91 of the man who raised his eyebrows quizzically as he looked up into the goggled eyes of the father, and said: "I will give you, Mr. Gonover, my candid opinion. Barring a miracle your son will not live through another night." "Haven't I told you that it is impossible?" retorted Gonover in a rasping tone. The great Keene scanned, not without a flicker of sympathy, the twitching face of the other, as he replied gently: "Your whiskey may be all that you claim for it, sir. I do not doubt but that you are an excellent judge of brands. And that being my assump - tion, Mr. Conover, I will let you pass upon the evidence in the case. I warn you not to taste it; that would not be prudent nor necessary." And so saying he drew from his pocket a pint flask bound in shabby leather, unscrewed the tarnished silver top, and passed it to the man who confronted him. The latter took the suspicious-looking article, his eyes fixed challengingly on the impassive witness, and then with a puzzled glance at the flask he sniffed of the contents. "Where the Hell did you get this?" he exploded. And before the answer came, he continued: "It's poison! Good God, I'd feed such stuff to the rats that steal my cheese! You don't tell me that my son —" "Your son, Mr. Gonover," Keene interrupted, courteously offering his hand for the return of the exhibit, "belongs to another generation whose brain-cells do not react to the suave virtues that please your old-fashioned taste. Thus the bootlegger. His underground laboratories produce the more potent qualities demanded by the youth of today. I found this flask between the mattress and the springs of your son's bed. His valet, I think, took me for an agent of the government and expected an informer's fee. You see," he resumed, weighing the flask in his hand, swishing audibly the scant lablespoonful that remained in it,"I put a few questions to some of your guests after my first examination of your son, and learned that some time after midnight you refused your son the key to your vaults. The story I hear is that he opened one of your precious bottles by breaking the neck on a radiator, spilling a good deal of its contents on the rug. Upon your refusal to hand him the key he struck you, and then, — well, you know what happened. He was carried to his room. It required the combined services of several servants and guests, the latter were too drunk to assist materially. What happened in his room at a later hour, when he came to 92 and raved for more whiskey has not been divulged. I imagine your guests who returned to New York early this morning could supply most of the missing details. Some of them Mr. Conover, were well paid for coming here. The stuff in this flask, vile as it is, comes high." A change had come over Price Conover while the doctor was talking, and in an absent way turning the flask in his hands, a change that the matter-of-fact physician was aware of only when he looked up at the conclusion of his remarks. Conover was standing very erect and in his little red-rimmed eyes was flame. The look that he gave the doctor drew the latter from his chair with a faintly defensive elevation of the eyebrows as though he prepared himself to receive an affront. "What is your fee for this visit?" That tone in Conover's voice was one well known and dreaded by the men who under his furious authority fought with stone and steel and timber in the mighty battles whose monuments dotted lower New York and formed the wall that was visible far out to sea. ' f Of course, Mr. Conover," the suave voice replied, losing nothing of its gracious smoothness, T shall remain to do what I can to make the last hours easier." Conover's formidable glare fell upon him. The crash of it resounded in the doctor's sensitive imagination. Conover snatched a flat square book out of the litter of papers, opened it violently, and scrawled upon one of its pages. A jagged strip of paper flapped in his stubby hand. Keene took the check and bowed. Relating the incident afterward at dinner in his club, he confessed that as he walked by the squat bulk of Conover he, the eminent scientist, felt a strange uneasiness and a contempt for the part he had played. "How could I have imagined in that man, apparently all fleshy appetite, so vast a paternal feeling? The wonder to me was not that one wild] boy was dying but that any one of the lot was alive after those three days of bestial drunkenness. What could one death matter in that house? But it did, tremendously, and I felt it as I turned my back on Conover." What the great physician did not know, because he did not turn to look back as he left the room, was that as the door closed softly Price Conover groped his way to the desk chair and crashed into it, for the moment as sick and limp as any young mother whose baby strangled with the croup. And there he sat, his huge head resting heavily on the hands 93 that sprawled upon the desk, when again the door opened and Mrs. Conover entered. A tall grenadier of a woman, the plumes in her hat arching over like the top boughs of an elm tree, she peered into the deepening dusk of the room for a moment before turning loose a volley of words whose heat was somewhat converted to pleasant uses by the spicy richness of her deep contralto. "Price, are you there?" And receiving, after an impatient pause, but a low hostile grunt, she continued in her customary manner of indulgent scolding: "What is this they tell me of the boy? What have you all been up to while I have been working like a dog up town getting the house ready for the wedding breakfast? A man's drinking himself silly just before he settles down to a regular life may be according to masculine custom though I don't pretend to understand why, but you're his father and you owe some consideration to me. I told you to have him sobered up twenty four hours before the ceremony, and here you've let him develop a fine case of tremens with only one night to straighten him out in. I've been up and down stairs for three days, running a small army of servants, answering the phone at least ten times an hour, and here you cook up a nasty scandal for me to wade into when I get home!" The snapping on of the desk lamp struck a period into Maud Conover's tirade. Her first impression of the face that was lifted into the circle of light chilled the full ruddy stream in her veins. She came forward and leaned her tall abundant figure over the desk. What she saw was a mass of sagging flesh without human expression except for the glint of some mad red fire in the little bloodshot eyes. It was this fire that made her suddenly go cold all over. "Why, Price, you old fool," she presently resumed in padded tones, "I never saw you so upset over a little matter of tremens. Why, bless you, he's had them before, and I suppose he'll have them again so long as the ammunition lasts unless his wife is a better mother to him than I have been." In the interval, muffled by the thick walls between them and the room above, came a hollow cry, and the image the sound evoked was that of a starving wolf alone in the bitter night. Maud Conover stiffened and her eyes roved frightfully to the ceiling as though she would penetrate its density. Then with a movement, that was not perceptibly broken into stages 94 of progress she had turned and was out of the room and her steps could be heard charging up the stairs. Her husband clambered awkwardly to his feet and went out into the hall. A few of the guests who conventionally remained, partly not to miss a single sordid detail of the story that would he received with such a relish by the other buzzards of their set, turned their pasty faces to their host. One came toward him. This was Hillyard, his partner and friend. But before the latter could utter the word of consolation that was indicated by the expression in his eyes, a door above was opened and the cries of Mrs. Conover arose proclaiming her terror. The effect on her husband was precisely what Hillyard had seen many times when a shaking foreman burst into the construction shed bearing some tragic report. Conover squared his ponderous shoulders with the movement of a swimmer breasting the surf; his two fists formed themselves into for - midable mallets. Although none of the apathetic guests stood within six feet of him they gave ground instantly and Hillyard's friendly hand was thrown aside. ff You're all against me!" snarled Conover, venting even upon his friend the vehemence of his words, "All my life I have stood alone. I have won my battles single-handed. This is the first danger I have ever faced when I felt the need of some one with the guts to stand up beside me and swap blows with death, and there's not one of you who can put up his hands. I turned the doctors out because they'd no fight in them. If you were not my guests I'd turn you out after them. So I'm going myself. Stand out of the way, Hillyard!" A silence fell upon them all, even upon Mrs. Conover who was poised at the head of the stairs. The guests exhibited the foolish dismay of an audience which has unexpectedly been dragged into participation in a drama within a drama. Hillyard who had taken a position between Conover and the outside door voiced the general deprecation of the charge launched against them. Conover's answer was to wrap himself in his fur-lined coat, crowd a soft hat down over his eyes, and then to face his friend with a determination ominous of instant action. Hillyard knew his partner too well not to prepare himself to move out of the path, but as he shifted his feet he asked: "Where are you going, Price?" Conover's eyes narrowed. "I'm going to look for a man who believes the boy has got a chance. I don't care if he is a doctor or a butcher. If he's 95 a human being whose blood runs warm, and he'll give me his fist and say, 'take this, it's yours, Conover,' I'll hand my case to him and trust him to fight it out with me. Your eyes are telling me I'm a crazy fool, Hillyard. If the boy dies I shall be. And I leave you one more word: if you see me coming back alone with my head down, you'd better all get out by the back door." With these words Conover did not linger even for his wife who now came hurrying down the stairs. "Don't go, Price!" she sobbed, "Dont leave me alone with him." "I'm staying with you, Maud," said Hillyard, "I'll help you." He met her at the foot of the stairs as the door crashed behind Conover, and his arms were all that kept her from falling face forward on the floor. Dr. Talbot, the one local physician, had just come in from a fifteen mile excursion up into the hills. He was now stretched out in the low rocker, his coat off and vest unbuttoned, his red hands resting on the smooth walnut arms. His generous mouth sagged restfully having been all day tightly compressed in resistance to the stinging snow which had begun to fall that noon. The open door of the air-tight stove exhaled a blissful stream of heated air and the good doctor puffed gratefully from his tired lungs. The bustling feet and hands of his wife in the next room were producing sounds that heralded the hearty supper that his being comfortably craved, the experience of twenty three years assuring him that it would be promptly served. f 'Don't you want the lamp lit, Sam? Your paper's come," she called to him with her customary eagerness to translate every human condition into terms of action, ff No hurry, Alice, it's nice enough as it is. My eyes are tired from the snow," he rejoined lazily. But while he drawled reply her pattering steps were heard going down the hall and presently the front door was opened. Long enough to stimulate his blood unpleasantly, causing him to wrinkle his brow and to stir in his chair, the door stood open, letting in a cold stream of air. Then it shut slowly and Alice entering spread the paper on a chair before the fire. 96 "It's damp from the snow. It's going to turn to rain, I guess," she observed. For an instant she stood before him as though weighing expedients for quickening his being. If he had been a pillow she would have snatched him up and thumped him into shape. But relinquishing this fantastic whim she sighed, saying: "There was someone stopping at the gate, Sam. It looked like Mr. Conover. His shape ain't the kind you can mistake even in this light. You don't suppose he was thinking of asking you to look at his son, do you?" "I hope not. I'm not bidding for Conover's trade. Not that I wouldn't go if he asked me. But he won't. He had three or four big specialists down from New York today and pitched them all out, I hear. He's a rough one." His wife sniffed. "I should say he was. Still I think he might have asked you. Of course I shouldn't want you to go. It would be against the Lord's will to help save that boy from the consequences of his sin. I expect his father paid those city doctors a sight of money." ff l guess he did," replied her husband. "Well, I'll have supper ready in a minute." She was halfway to the hall when she paused to say over her shoulder, "They ran those tramps over the town line, didn't they?" "Huh?" Talbot ejaculated out of a thick doze. "Oh, yes, the wobblies. Yes, I thought it was kind of tough, they weren't doing any particular harm." "Harm!" Mrs. Talbot turned and stood righteously rigid, "if you don't call preaching to young folks to turn against the gov'ment and preten - ding to cure sick folks, harm, then you got no business to be on the school committee, Sam Talbot. Sarah Cole says this 'Brother Simon' is as dirty as a pig. She says you could smell them all." "Yes, I saw him," the doctor yawned, "Ben Higbie told him he'd give him a comb and a cake of soap if he'd take the rheumatism out of his little toe." Sam laughed gently. "But the fellow made a good answer. He told Ben that was the right spirit, to give the thing he needed most. It's funny, though. He laid his hands on Annie Marks and her mother said she stopped coughing right away. That was one on me because I couldn't do it with medicine. I'd like to see more of the man. If the selectmen hadn't been so much in a hurry I'd have asked him up to dinner. He looked as if he wanted a square meal." "I guess you wouldn't do nothing of the kind," retorted his wife, "you're too easy with that sort, Sam. Dinner! not while I cook your meals, 97 you wouldn't. I wonder where they'll go to now. It's a pretty mean night. Well, land's sake, you must be nearly starving. I'll put the supper on in just a minute." There was no further sound but the bustling of distant feet and the rustle of settling coals. Sam Talbot's breathing rasped like a rusty saw on a frosty morning. Peters, the garage man, possessed a voice as resonant as an elephant's trumpet. His little office was on the sidewalk at the front of his garage. The drawn shade was a deep orange from the light inside. Even through the closed and frostpainted window you could hear his every word as you passed by. "Never made a bit of a fuss," he was saying, "listened to Timmy stutter the warrant and went off dragging their cart. The fellow they call 'Brother Simon' stayed inside, never even peeked out as they went off down the road. Only two had overcoats." Ben Higbie's voice was shrill and carried almost as clearly through the glass as Peters'. "Did you hear what I said to the fakir? Said if they could cure Conover's son of drinking whiskey they could make a barrel of money. Wa'nt that a good tip? This 'Simon' never cracked a smile. Said what the Lord wanted him to do He would send to him." There was a flat silence in place of the laughter that Ben Higbie seemed to expect for presently he continued and in his tone was a trace of asperity. "Cured Annie Marks," he snarled, "mother claimed she had consump - tion. But I happen to know she caught cold two months ago lying out in the snow with 'Nigger' Blake'." He paused and this time some one laughed foolishly. "I'll bet a dollar she'll be coughing harder than ever in the morning." The jangle of voices died away on the ears of a squatty person bundled in a huge fur-lined coat as he crunched off over the frozen snow. It was as Mrs. Talbot had predicted. At about ten o'clock that night there could be no doubt that the moisture stinging one's cheeks was no 98 longer snowflakes but the drops of a cold rain. But after being out a certain time one's face became numb and then one minded less whether snow or rain was falling, especially when one had some grave matter to think about. Close into town the road was wide and here the ruts crossed and criss-crossed as the farm wagons had diverged from the rural roads, while farther out into the country the road was narrow and there were just two deep wheel tracks. Added to this fact that the night was unrelieved by moon or star and that the scattered houses stood too far back to shed a portion of their inner glow upon the way, there was enough to discourage one from ven - turing on the shortest errand from the house, even so far as to the barn or woodshed. The town line crossed the road nearly four miles from the Conover mansion. Had there been an actual line it would have been blotted out by the waste increment of snow, and it was only in an effort to regain his balance that Price Conover stumbled upon the small granite post — lettered "W" on one side and "N" on the other — which was swollen into a white hump by the roadside. He shook the wet snow from his sleeves, and some - what to his surprise checking the oaths that bubbled to his lips, looked anxiously about him. At first he saw nothing but the unbroken gloom and then some distance off to his right he made out a faint orange reflection on the slope. To this evidence of the nearness of what he sought was presently added the companionable click of a typewriter. His imagination thus assisted he imaged the dark outline of a barn faintly projected on the sky. Dragging his feet out of the half-frozen snow he set off in the direction from which the sounds came. Four men by their grave absorption in secretarial labors had created in one corner of the abandoned barn the aspect and atmosphere of a business office. A lantern with a yellowed glass chimney hung on a nail over their heads and tinged with a fiction of warmth their hollowed cheeks. Their solemnity was that of starved children feebly asserting their given right to play who, however unequal the adverse odds, yet radiate in some esoteric manner a quiet glow of happiness indicative of faith. So deeply engaged were these men that Conover's shuffling steps attracted no attention, and the dozen or more others who lay crumpled in the moulding hay slept on. "Today 'Brother Simon' preached to a group of men working on the road and a few children on their way to school. The Master picked up one of the children and held him on His shoulder, saying, 'You and I know where to find God, don't we, kiddie?' The child smiled and fingered the brass ring in the Master's ear. The Master gave it to him." 99 The one who stroked the typewriter glanced up. "What do you think about our going through Newtown in the morning, Tom?" The other levelled an accusing look from his black eyes upon the man at the machine. "You mean, f ßed', that you're afraid they'll make good their threat? This jail business is getting on your nerves, isn't it?" His companion observed a patient silence and lowered his head in submission to perpetual misunderstanding. "It's not for myself, Tom, and you know it,"he replied doggedly. "Well, the Master has no fear. He's got us out of jails before just by letting His light shine. Prison walls are His dish." A muffled exclamation from the hay startled the four men. They shot pointed glances toward the open door and saw the black bulk of a stranger whose unsteady movements had led him to prod one of the sleepers with his foot. Something in the massive stolidity of the man conveyed authority, and the man called "Red" rose to his slender height and curved his arm defensively about the carriage of the typewriter. His stronger brother ad - vanced a step thrusting out his lean jaw menacingty, while one of the two others flung a sweeping glance over the sleepers as though he thought of rallying the little army; the fourth man ranged himself beside Tom. For a moment there was tense silence; on one side it was the panting desperation of the hunted, on the other the unspoken appeal of a statue in which was kindled the spark of a desire to become human. Then Gonover coughed and cleared his throat. "I came to see —" he croaked, and coughed again. A violent shudder shook his pompous frame. "I came from Winsted. I walked. I heard that — I came about a boy —" A rustle of relief passed from one to the other of the four, and a soft confusion of clicking sounds stirred the raw air of the barn as "Red" dropped back upon his box letting his open palm fall upon the keys of the machine. From one corner of Tom's mouth a pained smile started and ran jaggedly up to the other corner. "That's a fine coat you're wearing," he said, "It cost, I guess, about 1200 dollars. I used to take that kind out of the stores and get away with it. You don't need us." Conover dropped his eyes and scanned the broad thick collar as though he saw it for the first time. With the back of his hand he wiped away the fringe of ice that hung from his eyelashes. 100 "You don't mean —" he said, looking up into Tom's forbidding black eyes, "that —?" "My meaning," pursued Tom relentlessly, "is in the eighteenth chapter of St. Luke, twenty-second verse. When you've licked that up you've got the first lesson of your education. f Sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven.' You and your kind have run us out of town after town and given us no shelter but your jails. It's up to you to suffer the way we have." The man, "Red", had crept close to his leader's side and now laid a hand upon his ragged sleeve. The look that Tom flashed upon his gentler fellow carried rebuke, but "Red" did not flinch. "Look at him, Tom. Don't you see he's cold and wretched? The man has come a long way on foot, Tom, and he isn't used to this kind of weather as we are. He's done his bit, surely. Perhaps if the Master just touched him —" The words appeared to touch a spot in Tom that he strove to guard for he turned upon his friend with a hot flush of anger that warmed his wasted cheeks. "He isn't worthy, 'Red', to have the Master waked for him. You go back to your typewriter!" But it was Tom's look that wavered to one side after a brief period in which the two men challenged one another and "Red" stepping into the dusk that lay about the small circle of lantern light presently returned bearing a small armful of hay. This he heaped upon the floor beside Gonover, saying: "You'll find some warmth in that, sir, if you wrap it about you. You'll have to wait a moment. I won't be long," and he went quickly out of the barn. Tom, muttering dissent, took the box vacated by his companion, while the other two looked down at his face with curious expressions of sympathy. Gonover remained standing, his face partly turned to the black space of the night outlined by the doorway. Then he looked again to the seated figure of his inquisitor. "You don't believe what I say?" he asked. "I don't believe any man that has no belief in him," replied Tom sullenly. "Why didn't you take the chance you had down in Winsted? Afraid of what the town would say, weren't you?" 101 "The town? Hell!" growled Conover, with an outburst of his habitual contempt for his fellow man, "No! I don't know a soul in it. I don't know what goes on there. I live in my own house and mind my business. I guess," he went 011 more humbly, "I'm as homeless and disliked in that town as you are." The other's chin was brought up with a jerk and his cold eyes ran through Conover like the freezing dampness of the night. "So you're the man, are you?" he said, "I know you now. Some smart fool put us on to you, the man who feeds his son strong drink. Well, you've come to the wrong doctor." "We all make mistakes," began Conover weakly but stopped, feeling that no answer was coming from the man whose face was turned away as though denying the temptation of his softer impulses. Conover shifted his feet so that he faced the door but failing in the courage to bear his problem alone into the night he wheeled and raised his clenched fists above his head. "If the man you call your 'Master' isn't twice the man you are then I've come for nothing!" he roared and ramped like a goaded bull, "I don't ask him for a thing but to give me his fist, and — Say, do you fellows let this man speak for the lot of you?" And his little red eyes roved from one to the other of the dim figures settled in the straw, some of whom were now awake and blinking drowsily. "Aw, go lie down with yourself! You're drunk," grumbled one from out the dusk. It was "Red" who stilled the tempest of passion that possessed the desperate man. "He'll see you, sir," he whispered, "He wasn't asleep, He was praying, and He heard you, sir, and asked if you would come to Him." The little cart stood out in the yard, its wheels frozen into the thicken - ing crust. In the tipsy light of the lantern that swung in "Red's" hand the cart appeared like some useless thing deserted by its owner years ago. Conover, overstrained more by the high tension of a mind unused to imaginative adventure than by the physical fatigue of his excursion, felt a rising quiver of irritability, and heard the voice of his practical self pro - claiming him a fool. Almost in disgust his sullen eyes surveyed the pre - posterous cart canting away from him on the rough hillside. 102 'He's a little peculiar this time of night," said "Red" softly, as they halted at the foot of the steps that ran up from the ground to the level of the cart floor. He might have been referring to some caged animal of rare breed, except that a note of tenderness in his voice implied that it was a poor sick child who was within the cramped interior. "It is His time for calling up the power for His day's work and ordinarily we wouldn't think of bothering Him. It's not that He's asleep. We don't think He often sleeps. He likes to have one of us stay up with Him outside, all night long, listening. Sometimes He wants to talk. Other times He never makes a sound. I hope you'll be patient, sir, if you have to wait for what you want." fr Oh, let me go in and have it over," Conover interrupted harshly, setting one foot on the lower step and putting forth one hand in resistance to any protest that his guide might have made. But the other only stepped respectfully to one side as Conover's weight upon the step cracked with a sharp report the ice that bound one wheel. The first sensation he experienced as he felt his way inside and crouched near the door was of the astonishing warmth in the place. The unexpectedness of this sensation startled him nor could he distinguish any gleam of fire that would account for it. As the light from the lantern wavered off toward the barn and the dead weight of the night shut down upon him Gonover had need to muster all his courage to keep from crying out his fear. A door of steel had silently been shut and locked between him and the freedom of the cold earth, and about him stretched the infinite territory of the unknown, and, to his mind, the ever unknowable. Only a brute tenacity of courage sustained him and a habit of sticking to his course no matter what the odds against him. And as he persisted in his vigil the fear subsided. The grateful warmth loosened the fluid substance in the frozen channels of memory and suddenly he thought of his son and welcomed the thought that seemed to have returned from a long journey. Then together with this memory his mind leaped forward in long waves of speculation into the future where there were shining stars that became worlds of hope as progress brought them nearer. Soon Conover had forgotten that he was waiting for anything in parti - cular. He forgot that there was a future distinct from the present and even 103 that the past was past. This did not seem at all remarkable but natural. It was natural too that the wall of darkness expanded tremendously and broke and that it was a morning in spring, a curved blue morning, and that the earth was a sphere within a sphere of light. The earth was his son and he was the light running up and down the years of his son's life like a child playing on a flight of stairs. Then the light fled with a sigh and hid in the dark corner of a room and spoke to him. The sound of the voice split Price Gonover evenly into two parts. One part stood upright but ashamed and trembling; the other part crouched and braced itself to fight. The latter was himself, that he knew; the other he did not know. Over in the dark corner lay Price, his son. The upright self tried to cross the step or two between them but the crouching one dragged at the ankles of the other and held him back. There was some one with Price who soothed him with measured words. The words also had a strength that steadied the upright self of the father until like a childlike thing he dared to take a step. As he went forward that crouching thing behind him gave up the struggle and, as though discouraged, slipped out of the cramped space, down to the frozen ground, and off into the night. Again he felt the crust break beneath his feet. He slid and stumbled in a rut. The branches of the trees grew sharp and black against the paling sky. But the upright self of the man, now straight and tall, stood looking down upon the face of his son and upon the composed features of the youth played the light that had fled into the corner with a sigh. The light shone from the eyes of a man who said: "Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe." Then these eyes were turned up to the shamed face of the father and the worn face of the man they called "The Master" became young with tenderness. ff Go thy way, thy son liveth." And it was with these words in his ears that the door of his house was opened, and Hillyard said: ff l thought that you were not alone, Price, and I know that you walked with your head up." The raw whiskey warmed his blood and cleared the confusion in his brain. The logs blazing on the hearth became real things to him. The 104 face of his wife was real to him as she looked, frowning anxiously over the edge of her glass, and smiled a strained smile as his eyes met hers. "It's all right, Price," she said, nodding her head, and under his sombre gaze the fear ebbed from her eyes, and she caught her breath with a sob. The stuff in his glass suddenly filled him with a sick distaste. "Where the Hell did I get this?" he growled, looking down on the brown fluid that seemed to him to gleam mockingly back at him. Maud laughed shrilly. Her laugh had a thinness in unexpected con - trast to her rich speaking voice. "Don't you know your own brand? Well, that's pretty good. If I were you, Price, I'd get to bed. Here, some of you boys help him upstairs and off with his clothes. Look at that coat, will you, all ice when he came in and now it's dripping water by the bucketfull." Gonover's comment was to pick up his glass and fling it into the fire. There was a muffled crash, a hiss that was like a cat spitting, and in the heart of the roaring logs sprang a transparent blue flame. Conover staggered to his feet and glowered upon them all. "What are you all sitting there grinning at me for? Why don't you tell me what I want to know? Where's my son?" There was a panicky movement amongst the pallid guests and the sudden stir disclosed another man who sat slouched in a morris chair which was drawn close beside the fire. A suggestion of youth dwelt some - where in him but his face was soft and swollen like Gonover's and his flesh sagged. As the firelight struck upon it, he started spasmodically and his eyes opened on the massive bulk of Price Gonover who tiptoed toward him. The latter came to an abrupt halt as the dulled eyes of the other fixed upon him. The young man laughed. "Oh, so it's you, Dad. You're not going to hit me as hard as you did night before last, are you? Say, you didn't think I drank any of that bootleg? That was Henry's flask. Honest, I never touched a drop of the stuff. It must have been the punch you landed on me that put me out. What do you say we shake, Dad?" Price Conover, the elder, sneered. "I suppose I didn't tramp about ten miles in the snow last night, either; and talk rot with a bunch of crazy fanatics up there in the woods? Well, some one can get me another glass, and fill it, and we'll see who can get the drunkest before noon." Robert Alden Sanborn Altar, West Side Quirigua Palace: East Wing of Upper Range Labna 105 PURSUIT "O-hi! O-hel tous mes ennemis sorit deroutes toutes les cigales et les petits millepieds s'en vont s'enfuient en chantant vers le bout de I'arc en del dans les champs " I. I sang in the morning, having arisen, a song-bird, from my dream - less sleep amid the shadows of the abyss. The low sun full in the face set me off at a burning flight. I searched for her throughout the town, scanned all faces, sent emissaries everywhere. No one found her. No one knew her. Happiness lay firmly on my brows. I scarcely knew her. In the end she came to my table and, holding my hand, she said: — I have not slept all night. I have not slept all night, my friend, said she. Says he: — You have not slept, he says. Says he: you have not slept? He says. Says he. II. Looking up between her two deadly arms I saw the mountains floundering lustily around the valley. — I have never been able to endure the mountains embrace each other, I cried. The mist steamed up from their green arm-pits. — I shall never be alone. I am the white foam of the long cataract which from beginning to end is not the color of water. 106 Forgive me. This gesture of my hands was to crush yesterday the bald head of the man which is the prow of a ship with warts upon it. But from his ears the anchor falls twice about his nose and it all leans forward with an incorrigible momen - tum. III. He followed me up the stairs and turned and stared, gave me a jellied smile from his wide mouth; and as I passed the door he rolled his eyes, he flung an invitation from his pencilled eyes — Defamation! Indecorum! Iniquitous Reprehensible Mr. Excrement! while I looked pensively down and by his Alpine costume saw T the bare and dimpled knees peeping out. Ha-ha, he shrilly. Ho-ho, I roared him back. Ribald libidinous lickerish Mr. Excrement! It was at nightfall, my dear, a blood red evening, how I shudder at the horror of that dusk: the swallows flew screaming over the roofs and the bats in and out so quick and low I shut my eyes standing in the window of the old tower. IV. O Valkyries we are tumbling and trundling red-handedly along the river on our way to the Pelleponesian Wars I suppose. 107 Little stop-at-every-eorner locomotive when o when have I ever deposed that I was subject to vertigo have I ever denied my love of motion for its own sake as for instance the visible wind in the wheat fields? O wheels that do not turn. O wheels in the brain cease to turn. Why don't they hurry I shall simply shriek to sit so stead - fastly before an inert landscape. O whizzing dynamo set spinning the vast wheelbelts of this world the long rods in flight down the cool oiled cylinders. O heart O Vesuvius. O destroying speed of descent and escape. O sun omnipotent motor drive with infinite velocity the solar orbs in accelerated dispersion. Matthew Josephson 108 NIGGER Sunday is God's day in Whitcomb, Indiana. The summer sun slaps heat upon it, presses down broad sheets of heat to lie on the flat fields of goldening grain which fringe it. But Whitcomb, nerveless and tired, lies on the prairie like a thing relaxed, empty of troubles for a time under the sky of God and in his presence. A rhythmic silence, rising from its quietness, softly accents its mood of peace. Peace wraps Whitcomb and those who live there, and draws them to a union with the peace of God. Wayne Street lies resting in Whitcomb. Like a pavement flooring a streak of sky, it stretches through Whitcomb between two rows of homes and shops: incurious, passive, glaringly white, it lies relaxed and silent. Four stores, out of the four blocks of shops which line it, are open on Sunday; these are the three Drug Stores, and the fourth is Frank's Smoke House. Inside Frank's Smoke House, up in the front around the soft drinks fountain, some men are standing in a ragged spread of tobacco smoke. The smoke is a screen which shields an anger: anger like an impersonal force; anger maintaining the peace of Whitcomb; dynamic anger whirring; twisting the current it generates from one mind to another in the torn smoke. Cash Zeik, white-jacketed behind the fountain: "Damn that nigger! Did you see him, Frame, when he asked for them cigarettes? I'm dinged if I'll wait on a nigger!" Frame turned his gaze slowly from the window fronting Wayne Street, and focused it on Cash Zeik. "What's the nigger doing in our town?" His question drew a group of animated answers to it. ff He come in last evening, and Tomy Stevens seen him in the Restau - rant. Tomy rented him the room above the tailor shop. Tomy'd go to hell for the price of a drink." "He told Tomy he was an expert mechanic and had worked in a garage in Chicago. Tomy says he went over to Jim's early this morning. Reckon he wants to get a job there." "But Jim'ud already went to Sunday school." 109 "He's one of them fresh niggers; he's got a look on 'im that makes you want to get at 'im. .. . Dressed like a dude and thinks he's as good as a white man." Frame leaned against the marble counter and looked leisurely at the men who had answered him. He drawled his words; they came out flat and heavy and fell through the smoke. "Well, we'll not have no niggers m this town. This is a town for white people, and nobody'll stand for having a nigger here. The place for niggers is down South where they belong; ain't got no right coming up here and trying to mix in." ,f I seen in a paper last week how they advertised for a lynching somewhere in Georgia. They ain't so wild for 'em down there. Niggers ought to have sense enough to go back to Africa where they belong." Reminiscence took over the thoughts of two or three in the group. "Say, Cash, do you remember that good-looking nigger girl that Andrews brought with 'em for a nurse when they come up from Nashville to visit her father?" Gash Zeik, behind the fountain, grinned crookedly and winked. "Say! She was a peach! Helen Henry and the rest of her bunch brought her in here for a Buffalo Sundae, and that nigger girl was the best looking one in the crowd. That was the first time I seen her." His sentence stopped itself with laughter. "Oh, well, she was a girl, and she wasn't much of a nigger, either; she was more than half white." The words sank into short silence, while purpose entered the mood of the group: so strong it seemed to be a person itself, and stood, unseen but unconsciously felt, in a corner near the soft drinks fountain. It stood, staring quietly out into Wayne Street. . . The sun strikes impotent on Whitcomb; tumbles limp on screens of leaves, which filter it gently through to fall in little dots and slashes on upper Wayne Street. Doors softly bang; girls softly move; from com - fortable porches hums the murmur of blended voices talking. Life swings slowly in rhythm with the leisurely peace of God. Down upper Wayne Street a man is walking. Like a pebble dropped in windless water, he moves, the center of ripples, down Wayne Street. Little silent spreading ripples move out from his steps to silence the hum of the porches: and as he tramples on slices of sun down the sidewalk, 110 a throng of disembodied stares come out from the houses to join him and go along beside his consciousness. Eyes clouded on a sultry present, he hurried down W'ayne Street. The people he passed stared scornfully at the tall Negro, tailored, bronzed, with sensitive mouth and rounded chin and eyes which carried a thought. It stood back in his eyes and watched them; through the cloud of his feelings it shaped itself full and hinted that color does not detrimentally stain the mind of a man. The light from the Smoke House pushed through the windows to lighten a little the wet blackness of Wayne Street. "Who'd of thought we'd have a rain after a day as fine as this? It'll be bad for the wheat if it keeps on this hard." Frame leaned against the marble counter and reasoned leisurely within the mold that held his thought. The pungent odor of drying cloth numbed sense in the minds of the men. Gash Zeik, working with the fountain taps, looked up to ask: "Nigger still in town?" "Tomy said he seen him in the Restaurant at supper time." "Say, is Jim going to give him a job?" Bill Henry said he thought maybe he would. He sort of kicks at the idea of having a nigger around, but he's short on men since that Williams quit." "They ain't five decent men in town'll stand for it, if Bill knows what he's talking about and Jim gives him a job." Gash Zeik speeded the dynamo and the current flowed faster from mind to mind. Frame turned his gaze from the soaked blackness of Wayne Street and focused it on a memory he held. "Remember that nigger they had in Milo three years back? The nigger come along with a circus and the town looked good to him so he thought he'd stay. And a lot of men got together and wrote him a note saying he'd better beat it. And the poor fish took it over to Pete Grawton's Lunch Room and asked Pete did he think they meant it; and Pete says yes. He was one of the ones that wrote it. But the nigger tried to stay anyhow." "Damned nigger!" 111 ff A crowd of 'em pulled him out a bed that night and dragged him down to the river in his night shirt. And tarred him and stuck him onto a pole and jounced him over the river with some ropes till he fell in. A nigger's like a cat —you can't kill 'em. This one run away from Milo in his night shirt." The men laughed as though they saw him running. . . Then rigid silence stiffened the room. ff l seen the nigger going upstairs to his room about eight." Someone stuck words into stillness. Frame livened and loudened the pondering silence. "We'll not have no niggers in this town! This is a town for white people and we'll not have no niggers herel" Anger whirring, destructive flowing, twisted the words in the smoke. Fore-thinking, intending, it guided Frame out on to Wayne Street. Light outlined him there for an instant while the group shaped itself in the light - pricked blackness. Purpose—so strong it seemed to be a person itself—came out to head the crowd, and they went purposefully away. Wayne Street, after the heavy rain, lay incurious, passive, shining black, stuck straight through the night that darkens Whitcomb. Margaret Evans 112 SYMPOSIUM THE DESTRUCTION OF TENOCHTITLAN Upon the orchidean beauty of the new world the old rushed inevitably to revenge itself after the Italian's return. Such things occur in secret. Though men may be possessed by beauty while they work that is all they know of it or of their own terrible hands; they do not fathom the forces which carry them. Spain cannot be blamed for the crassness of the discoverers. They moved out across the seas stirred by instincts, ancient beyond thought as the depths they were crossing, which they obeyed under the names of King or Christ or whatever it might be, while they watched the recreative New unfolding itself miraculously before them, before them, deafened and blinded. Steering beyond familiar horizons they were driven to seek perhaps self-justification for victorious wars against Arab and Moor; but these things are the surface only. At the back, as it remains, it was the evil of the whole world; it was the perennial disappointment which follows, like smoke, the bursting of ideas. It was the spirit of malice which underlies men's lives and against which nothing offers resistance. And bitter as the thought may be that Tenochtitlan, the barbaric city, its people, its genius wherever found should have been crushed out because of the awkward names men give their emptiness, yet it was no man's fault. It was the force of the pack whom the dead drive. Cortez was neither malicious, stupid nor blind but a conqueror like other conquerors. Courageous almost beyond precedent, tactful, resourceful in misfortune, he was a man of genius superbly suited to his task. What his hand touched went down in spite of him. He was one among the rest. Velasquez, the Cuban Governor who sent him out, traitorously attacked him from the rear a week after - ward. His own captains would have deserted him, so hard was he to follow. But the entire enterprise lived for many years on the verge of being allowed to languish, ruin to succeed destruction, because of the fortuitous anger which blossomed so naively, so mysteriously in Fonseca, Bishop of Burgos, President of the Council of the Indies. This the man, Cortez' most powerful enemy, already so notorious for the spiteful male - volence with which he thwarted the views of Columbus — a logic clearer 113 had there been two Fonsecas instead of the one. After a rough voyage from Cuba, across the gulf, Gortez landed his small force safely before what is now Vera Cruz, near the native city of Cempoal. There lest his men should desert him in view of the hardships which lay ahead, he had his vessels beached, under pretext of their being no longer seaworthy, and destroyed them. Montezuma immediately sent gifts, at the same time begging the Spaniard not to risk coming up into the back country: a gold necklace of seven pieces, set with many gems like small rubies, a hundred and eighty-three emeralds and ten fine pearls, and hung with twenty seven little bells of gold. — Two wheels, one of gold like the sun and the other of silver with the image of the moon upon it, made of plates of those metals, twenty-eight hands in circumference, with figures of animals and other things in bas relief, finished with great skill and ingenuity. — A headpiece of wood and gold, adorned with gems, from which hung twenty five little bells of gold and on it, instead of plume, a green bird with eyes, beak and feet of gold. — Several shoes of the skin of deer, sewed with gold thread, the soles of which were made of blue and white stones of a brilliant appearance. — A shield of wood and leather, with little bells hanging to it and covered with plates of gold, in the middle of which was cut the image of the god of war between four heads of a lion, a tiger, an eagle and an owl represented alive with their hair and feathers. — Twenty four curious and beautiful shields of gold, of feathers and very small pearls, and four of feathers and silver only. — Four fishes, two ducks and some other birds of molten gold. — A large mirror adorned with gold and many small. — Mitres and crowns of feathers and gold ornamented with pearls and gems. — Several large plumes of beautiful feathers, fretted with gold and small pearls. — Several fans of gold and silver mixed together; others of feathers only, of different forms and sizes. — A variety of cotton mantles, some all white, others chequered with white and black, or red, green, yellow and blue; on the outside rough like shaggy cloth and within destitute of color and nap. — A number of underwaistcoats, handkerchiefs, counterpanes, tapestries and carpets of cotton, the workmanship superior to the materials of which they were composed. — And books made of tablets with a smooth surface for writing which being joined might be folded together or stretched out to a considerable length, "the characters inscribed thereon resembling nothing so much as Egyptian hieroglyphics." — But Cortez was unwilling to turn back; rather these things whetted' his appetite for the adventure. Without more ado he sent letters to his king advising him that having come to these lands to conquer them, in the 114 royal name and that of the true church, he would forthwith proceed to take Montezuma, dead or alive, unless he should accept the faith and acknow - ledge himself a subject to the Spanish throne. The advance was like any similar military enterprise: it accomplished its purpose. Surmounting every difficulty Cortez went his way into the country past the quiet cempoalan maizefields, past the smoking summit of Popocatepetl until, after weeks of labor, he arrived upon the great lakes and the small cities in them adjoining Tenochtitlan itself. Montezuma seeing that there was nothing else for it, sent envoys accompanied by three hundred warriors, who met the Spaniard advancing on the lake road and there welcomed him to the district with great ceremony and show of friendliness. Noticeable among them was one young man of magnificent appearance who descended from his litter and walked to meet the Conqueror while his followers ran before him, picking up stones and other small obstructions which lay in his path. Cortez now passed over his first causeway into one of the lesser lake cities, built of well-hewn stone sheer from the water. He was overcome with wonder. The houses were so excellently put together, so well decorated with cloths and carven wood, so embellished with metalwork and other marks of a beautiful civilisation; the people were so gracious; there were such gardens, such trees, such conservatories of flowers that nothing like it had ever been seen or imagined. At the house where the Conqueror was entertained that day and night he especially noted a pool built of stone into the clear waters of which stone steps descended while round it were paven paths lined with sweet-smelling shrubs and plants and trees of all sorts. Also he noted the well stocked kitchen garden. The following day at noon he arrived at the end of his journey. There it lay! a city as large as Cordova or Seville, entirely within the lake two miles from the mainland: Tenochtitlan. Four avenues or entrances led to it all formed of artificial causeways. Along the most easterly of these, constructed of great beams perfectly hewn and fitted together, and measuring two spears-lengths in width, the Christian advanced. Running in at one side of the city and out at the other this avenue constituted at the same time its principal street. As Cortez drew nearer he saw, right and left, magnificent houses and temples, close to the walls of which, each side, moved parallel rows of priests in black robes and between them, supported by two attendants, Montezuma, on foot, down the center of the roadway. Cortez stepped forward but the attendants interceded. The Emperor then advanced alone and with great simpleness of manner placed a golden chain about the Christian's neck. Then taking him by the hand, and the whole 115 procession following, he conducted him to the quarters which had been chosen for the visitors, a great building close to the royal palaces in the center of the city. Everything had been prepared in advance: all the material needs together with rich gifts, as before: precious metals, gems, male and female apparel of remarkable elegance, ornamental hangings for bed-chambers, tapestries for halls and temples, counterpanes composed of feathers interwoven with cotton and many beautiful and curious artifices ff of so costly and unusual workmanship that considering their novelty and wonderful beauty no price could be set on them." Here in this large building whose great hall was to serve the Spaniards for barracks from that time until the end, Montezuma and Gortez found themselves seated at last face to face. Montezuma spoke: They have told you that I possess houses with walls of gold and many other such things and that I am a god or make myself one. The houses you see are of stone and lime and earth. — Then opening his robe: You see that I am composed of flesh and bone like yourselves and that I am mortal and palpable to the touch. — To this smiling sally, so full of gentleness and amused irony, Cortez could reply nothing save to demand that the man declare himself a subject of the Spanish King forthwith and that, furthermore, he should then and there announce publicly his allegiance to the new power. — Whatever the Aztec might have felt during the weeks of Cortez' slow advance upon his capital from the seashore, nothing at the present moment seemed to disturb his aristocratic reserve. He had thought and he had made up his mind. Without semblance of anger, fear or impatience; without humility or protest but with the force bred of a determination to face at any cost a situation fast going beyond his control, he spoke again. He explained that his people were not the aborigines of the land but that they had emigrated there in times past and ended by accepting the Spanish Monarch as his rightful and hereditary master. After due announcements and explanations had been made to the people Gortez became the acknowledged regent, in the name of Castille and the true church, for all that country. Streets, public squares, markets, temples, palaces, the city spread its dark life upon the earth of a new world, rooted there, sensitive to its richest beauty, but so completely removed from those foreign contacts which harden and protect, that at the very breath of conquest it vanished. The whole world of its unique associations sank back into the ground to be reenkindled, never. Never, at least, save in spirit; a spirit mysterious, constructive, independant, puissant with natural wealth, light if it may be as feathers, a spirit lost in that soil. Scarcely an element in the city's incredible organization but evidenced an intellectual vigor full of resource 116 and delicacy which had given it distinction. Half land and half water the streets were navigated by canoes and bridged at the intersections by structures of great timbers over which ten horses could go abreast. For water supply a masonry pipe, two paces broad and five feet high, ran from the mainland over one of the great causeways, carrying excellent drinking water. There were two such aqueducts, side by side, each to be used alternately while the other was cleaning. There were public squares, and one of great size surrounded by porticos where daily sixty thousand souls engaged in buying and selling under the supervision of twelve central magistrates and numbers of inspectors. Here f 'everything which the world affords" was offered for purchase, from the personal services of laborers and porters to the last refinements of bijouterie; gold, silver, lead, brass, copper, tin; wrought and unwrought stone, bricks burnt and unburnt, timber hewn and unhewn, of different sorts; game of every variety, fowls, quails, partridges, wild ducks, parrots, pigeons, reed-birds, sparrows, eagles, hawks, owls, likewise the skins of some birds of prey with their feathers, head, beak and claws; rabbits, hares, deer and little dogs, w T hich they raised for eating; wood and coals in abundance and brasiers of earthenware for burning coals; mats of various kinds; all kinds of green vegetables, especially onions, leeks, watercresses, nasturtium, sorrel, artichokes and golden thistle; fruits, fish, honey, grain—either whole, in the form of flour or baked into loaves; different kinds of cotton thread of all colors; jars, jugs, pots and an endless variety of vessels, all made of fine clay, most of them glazed and painted; eggs, cakes, pates of birds and fish; wine from the maguey; finally everything that could be found throughout the whole country was sold there, each kind of merchandise in a separate street or quarter of the market assigned to it exclusively and thus the best order was preserved. There was an herb street, there were shops where they shaved and washed the head, and restaurateurs who furnished food and drink at a price. Large numbers of temples existed throughout the great city but for grandeur and excellence of architectural detail one far surpassed the rest. Forty towers, lofty and well built, rose from within its sacred precinct, the largest of which, constructed of hewn stone remarkably hard in texture, had fifty steps leading to its main body. A mass higher than the cathedral of Seville. Three halls of wonderful extent and height, adorned with figures sculptured in wood and stone, contained the principal idols. And from these, through very small doors, opened the chapels, to which no light was admitted, nor any person except the priests, and not all of them. Decorated with curious imagery in stone, the woodwork carved in relief and painted 117 with figures of monsters and other things, unpaved, darkened and blood - stained, it was in these chapels that the religious practices which so shocked the Christian were performed. Here it was that the tribe's deep feeling for a reality that stems back into the permanence of remote origins had its firmhold. It was the earthward thrust of their logic; blood and earth; the realization of their primal and continuous identity with the ground itself, where everything is fixed in darkness. The priests in black robes, tribal men, never cutting or combing the hair; the instinctive exclusion of women from all places of worship; the debarring of priests from female society: it was a ceremonial acknowledgment of the deep sexless urge of life itself, the hungry animal, underlying all other power; the mysterious secret of existence whose cruel beauty they, the living, inherited from the dead. The same for their sculpture. It is the mystery of the past which monsters, grotesques, beasts combined with the human, truly signify; gentle animal associations distorted by the invasions of night; and not a debased instinct whose reliance is necessarily upon oppression and fear. The earth is black and it is there: only art advances. The figures of the idols themselves were of extra-human size and composed, significantly, of a paste of seeds and leguminous plants, commonly used for food, ground and mixed together and kneaded with human blood, the whole when completed being consecrated with a bath of blood from the heart of a living victim. The chief of these idols Gortez precipitated from their pedestals and cast down the temple steps; an act of extraordinary daring; at the same time purifying the chapels and setting up in them images of Our Lady and the saints. Such a stroke could not fail to have proved of the most serious consequence to all had not Montezuma again displayed his tact, self control and remarkable grasp of the changing situation. The new state of affairs was accepted, human sacrifice was abolished and the orderly significance of the events taking place was publicly made evident. In person, together with many of the principal citizens, he, Montezuma, assisted at the final purification of the chapels. Whether or not this be evidence on the Aztec's part of weakness or the deepest forbearance, surely nothing like it for quiet flexibility of temper and retained dignity has ever been recorded. Perhaps by a sudden, daring stroke this man might have rid himself of the intestine enemy who was each day, each week striking deeper at the nation's life. Perhaps fear had unmanned him. Perhaps what we call forbearance was no more than the timidity which is an overwhelming agony of heart inspired by the sight of a resistless force aimed at our destruction. Still, if this be so, Montezuma has left no trace of cowardice upon the records. But weakling or genius, about the suave 118 personality of this barbaric chieftain the liveliest, most airily expansive moods of the race did flower, just as the black permanence of tribal under - standing stood rooted in the priesthood. Perhaps it was a conscious know - ledge of this that inspired and moved Montezuma in the present action. Surely no other prince has lived, or will ever live, in such state as did this American cacique. The whole waking aspirations of his people, opposed to and completing their religious sense, seemed to come off in him and in him alone: the drive upward, toward the sun and the stars. He was the very person of their ornate dreams, so delicate, so prismatically colorful, so full of tinkling sounds and rhythms, so tireless of invention. Never was such a surface lifted above the isolate blackness of such profound savagery. It is delightful to know that Montezuma changed his clothes four times a day, donning four different suits, entirely new, which he never wore again; that at meals he was served in a great cleans wept chamber on mats upon the floor, his food being kept warm in chafing dishes containing live coals; that at meals he sat upon a small cushion "curiously wrought of leather." But nowhere in his state was the stark power of beauty, the refined and the barbaric, so exquisitely expressed as in his smaller palaces and places of amusement. "What can be more wonderful than that a barbarous monarch, as he is, should have every object in his domain imitated in gold, silver, precious stones and feathers; the gold and silver being wrought so naturally as not to be surpassed by any smith in the world; the stone work executed with such perfection that it is difficult to conceive what instruments could have been used, and the feather work superior to the finest productions in wax and embroidery." "There is one palace, inferior to the rest, attached to which is a beautiful garden with balconies extending over it supported by marble columns and having a floor formed of jasper elegantly inlaid. Belonging to it are ten pools, in which are kept the different species of water birds found in the country, all domesticated: for the sea birds there are pools of salt water and for the river birds, fresh water. Each species being supplied with the food natural to it when wild. Over the pools are corridors and galleries, to which Montezuma resorts, and from which he can look out and amuse himself with the sight of the birds there." "In an apartment of the same palace there are men, women and children whose faces, bodies, hair, eyebrows and eyelashes were white from birth." "The Emperor has another very beautiful palace, with a large courtyard, paved with handsome flags in the style of a chessboard. There are cages about nine feet in height and six paces square, each of which is half covered with a roof of tiles, and the other half has over it a wooden grate, skillfully made. Every cage contains a bird of prey, of all species." 119 "In the same palace there are several large halls on the ground floor, filled with immense cages built of heavy pieces of timber, well put together, in which are kept lions, wolves, foxes and a great variety of other animals of the cat kind." "The care of these animals and birds is assigned to three hundred men." Daily the Emperor's wine cellar and larder were open to all who wished to eat and drink. His meals were served by three or four hundred youths who brought on an infinite variety of dishes; indeed whenever he dined or supped, the table was loaded with every kind of fish, flesh, fruits and vegetables which the country afforded. Both at the beginning and end of every meal they furnished water for the hands, and the napkins used on these occasions were never employed a second time. And then the end: Gortez had demanded gold from the first. To satisfy him, small groups of two Spaniards and two Indians, bearing the proper credentials, had been despatched about the Aztec's domain, to distances in some cases of several hundred miles, that the tribute be collected. On one of these forays the two Christians were killed. Gortez immediately seized the person of Montezuma, together with his daughters and sons, imprisoning them in the garrison-fortress. From that time on it was merely a matter of detail and of time as to what form the final catastrophe would take. Events shifted back and forth until in May, seven months after the Spaniards' first entrance to the city, the people laid siege to the intolerable intruders, determined to have done with them. In answer to shouts from outside, Montezuma, a prisoner within, had appeared on the ramparts of the besieged fortress whence he implored his people to give over their attacks. In reply he was struck on the head by a stone which killed him. Only the horse and the ordnance saved the Christians on that memorable retreat across the great causeway. Fighting madly to escape with some remnant of his forces through the masses of the enemy, and to retain at the same time his prisoners and treasure, Cortez lost everything. The children of Montezuma, the gold, everything perished over the sides of the breached and beleaguered avenue across the lake down which ihe Spaniards retreated, foot by foot, with swarms of Indians flinging themselves continually upon them. They escaped. Some months later they returned and continued the destruction, this time deliberately and with calculated malintention. Tenochtitlan surrounded, the water supply cut off, the augmented Spanish forces began to burrow forward and after weeks of desperate effort they succeeded in their plans. It was the horses the Indians feared most. At one time they had Cortez in their very hands only to have them cut off at the wrists by his followers. But nothing could bemuse them now. They knew now what it all meant and they opposed themselves 120 to the intruder inflexibly and without murmur until the end. Neither the overwhelming means used against them, their desertion by friends of the nearby tribes, the lack of water, starvation nor attempts to inspire them with fear, made the slightest impression. To every advance made inviting them to parley they had but the one answer: no! Gortez, dejected, seeing that it would be necessary to exterminate them before he could succeed in taking the city and dreading the horror of such a course, decided with reluctance, in order to impress them, to burn the noble edifices in the great square which had served Montezuma for aviarys. "It grieved me much but it grieved the enemy more." Each day he heard mass and returned to the city to renew the attack upon the now nearly starved inhabitants who had retreated to the market quarter and there still held out. At one time during a success - ful sally the Indians had killed two of the Spanish horses and in great spirits had sent the severed heads by messengers in canoes to the surrounding tribes for them to come to the rescue, but none dared. Most had already joined the Christian in his irresistible purpose. But Guatemotzin, the young nephew of Montezuma, would not give in. Women and children reduced to the last extremity by hunger and privation were wandering dazed about the streets when the Spaniards had made their final charge. But Guate - motzin, taken captive from a boat in an effort to get to the mainland, still maintained his pride and integrity of spirit. He had done all that he could and he was beaten. Placing his hand upon the hilt of Cortez* dagger he asked the Spaniard to draw it and plunge it into his heart. Cortez refused. Later the Conqueror tried to rebuild the city. Viva quien vence! William Carlos Williams Portion of the Facade Showing Simplified Masks Kabah Uxmal Sealed Portal Vault 121 MORNING Morning creeps in across his hair. The pallid fingers Of an old nun stroking a forehead. Morning curves and lingers On the pillow, white as someone dead, On blue even shadows where his head lay sleeping. His eyes are new at daybreak, The smooth wings of a new moth moving in sunlight On full locust blossom. Eyes That can be dull, old, sightwise, Things used too often, a long headache Holding no great promise. I say: "The wind is blowing the gold curtain — see!" I feel untarnished. The unembittered way A mood of laughter splashes, free. I am afraid That I am loving things with pain: Blue mountains on the window-sill, the shade Burnt gold behind the gold hung curtain. There is nothing quite so near As eyes. I say: "We have waited every year For this when we awaken. Every day Will then hereafter be a repetition. Gold growing Copper as the mornings spread; A farmer sowing Corn, blood-red, 122 In new-ploughed fields . . His eyes lift, Shattering beauty on the naked floor; Once more I remember things I bore of pain. Always my life in his hand In the sunlight, in the long hair of rain. I must rise . . . and not understand. Hear footsteps across the sky, lightly, of someone running. I must sing, make breakfast without surprise, As someone who sees danger coming, And cannot move, And lifts a hand to cover both his eyes. Kay Boyle 4 123 FUGITIVES The vulgarized sea persists the symbol of futility confronted with ironies. The January German ship to Spain and Italy carried globe - trotters. They tried to return home by escaping from it. The old man and the old woman had money, which they used in running away from death. No cruelty in life had told them the ugliness of old age running away. Their youth had disbelieved in death. Old age was quaint - ness color in vigorous pictures. Sometimes they shuddered — in pity of themselves. They then called this grief. Death was real now. Frailness of the old woman, careful erectness of many years, she trembled but marched to the captain's table, proud, gently defiant. Intricacy shimmering perforations and scrolls of white lace partly under a shawl Roman violence in zones purple scarlet green over indrawing shrink of shoulders, copper shield from Egyptian tomb pinching too large folds to projections of bones brittle — sequence of each night laces shawls strange jewels pallid pleading wrinkles deep eyes sunk back to girlhood simple words sophisticated travel the aptness of appraising idle steamer chairs not unkindly fastened to her "Queen of Sheba". Next at the table the old man "Disraeli". Elaboration of flowing tailoring close to the little body collars languid droop great black tie below prescience parchment of skin summoned from 1850 Drury Lane Grisi Bulwer Lytton young Victoria coni - calness of swathed heavily dotted women punctiliousness of sen- 124 timental men. Dye of drooping mustache over remaining canine teeth yellow. Red veins in eyes of flat bright light ochre at corners. Putrescence clutched at him and sent his courageous heart to refuge in a pose a grotesque worldliness and innocent mischief. The steamer rapidly repelled the meaningless deep threat of waves. A blindness imminence inexorable went on in it somewhere the end of the two old people's flight. Blizzard sifting New York liberty statue shroud snow warmer days sun Azores unexpectedly arose slowly sank down to tropic haze the cataract wisps spilled from cliffs. Blue. The Queen of Sheba bore irridescence faint coquetry remi - niscent light perfume insinuating. Woman's old age loses tragedy only in vileness. Otherwise time unreckoned forgotten in child - birth inconsequential whether realized or implicit yield latency of guessed glory to the old after impossibilities of many years. Her ship comrade, the old man she hated. Reversion to feminine lure intensified fragility. Years do not exist for the old. The captain had a red beard. Paunch beer bloated. Slit blue eyes remorselessly looked down table. Teutonic purulence and grossness of the gesture obliterating; the jest of death. He roared Rabelais. The flat breasted bride and sales manager husband from cock - sure west and immensities forges automobiles hams advertising they brought an efficient god awarding the immortality of youth also of vulgarity. Opposite to captain the chief engineer integration of con - tempt no waver in steel face more than in steel glasses. He shone exactness aloofness caste polished engine mimicked gestures of a man. The cardinal returning to Rome touched all with a queer red flame. Woman's delicacy long hands nerves muscles raised. 125 Sensitive graciousness and unmoving courteous calm of certain truth in dogma liturgy robes. The priest commented the feminine sublimated over centuries ages. Superb sterility proud exalted birth significant above irre - levant death. Under heave of rust, black and red paint, splitting to upward curves of foam seas coming to the steel wedge vibrating a forward plunge depths of maggot nest poverty swarmed up to sunlight. The swarm held at the impassable barrier, the first cabin deck house under the high white bridge. Round ports of the house upon scarlet green purple of campagna smeared into filth. Or at night from glitter silver napery white comfort gay flowers disks of black skies sifting inwards scraping of a cheap violin and waver of Sicilian Neapolitan song. The cabin passengers liked hints of lower existence. The old man and woman heard through the ports soft crashes of seas a lulling implication of permanence poignant through treachery and falseness. A reminder of their money helped to secure grasp of privilege and refuge from an indis - criminate imminence. They were safe from the irony of the poor too crowded in proximity for flight. Unheeding the impassable barrier white teeth dusky gaiety of Italy the laugh of a son returning with old parents from Coca Cola bananas shiny apples oranges peanuts under glare of waver - ing tin lamp and rattle of the ff L". A showman at the center of a careless universe shot into the voyage the reminder lurking in a symbolic sea. The boy's laugh stiffened to a grin and the old emigrants wept. Insufficiency of incandescent bulbs. The cardinal monsignore lace gold IHS a canvascovered coffin squared out on the main deck from shadows. 126 The captain impervious his silence holding Teutonic sneer at the lewdness of death. A priest read Latin prayers, arches of the Vulgate sounded through Italianate accents. Tawny close spun wrinkles of emigrant and old wife drew into grimaces less grief than confidence, content. A scarlet car - dinal a monsignor nasal intoning unintelligible prayer a swift sudden glide through the open square port depths more depths slow descent the launching of the box they made a festival. Disraeli and the Queen of Sheba watched in the pale glare. Irony slid close they felt the chill and smiled. Andalusian dawn gleamed less tenuous than rose petal upon cloud piles purple heavy weightier than black. Gibraltar drew to dimness snow of New York blues of seas Azores routine shipboard confused them made all timeless. Algeciras, hills of violets clustering a perfume, shouts of dri - vers urging red and yellow ribbanded donkeys to white town. Silence. Stopped beat of engineer's mysterious creatures hidden below calm after endless break of seas. Another German ship bulked in fluent tremble and the dawn inversions purple and rose in the bay. Flanked against its black, a lighter swung a derrick to an open square port, the ropes caught a gray painted box, it loomed out into the sparkle, sun and sea. A quarrel and revolver shot in steerage from Italy. The Regio Commissario was returning home. The lighter went to the other ship. The cardinal awaited with monsignore the derrick's sullen lift of the gray box hung in air. The captain's beard flamed from the bridge. The engineer was steel. Disraeli and the Queen of Sheba stared quietly. Even yet they could flee. Arms linked comfortably the sales manager and his wife. 127 Lingering miles of alignment of cork woods, women in violet twilight finding tortuous ways with fire burning sticks glare fading of moorish castles on granite cliffs, at last the steamer was shut out. Illusion lovableness calm certainty reiterated through ages Spain yet a persistence of figures seen from a canvas fenced com - panion way. Flight, unheeded ironies. Weird wrought gargoyles of the sea watching immobile. Charles Galwey 128 CIRCLE Where youth? No find her. Instead Find What grew Myself. Longing? Death hilarity Sphinx Inexorable. Behind Serpent I wait Round. Elsa von Freitag-Loringhoven Terra Cotta Figurines Honduras, Guatemala and Mexico Stone Relief 129 THE HIGH HAT The tulips Stick out their tongues At me They utter Red exclamations As I pass I am indifferent I regard them Incuriously Yet I hear Very well What they are saying Louis Gilmore 130 WEAR No not that and peculiarly, if you push the reason of being middle sized into the extreme little piece and you select actual endeavor, if you select actual endeavor, if you select, actual en - deavor, the notion of religion, the notion of religion and peculiarly notice and peculiarly notice restless walk, if you peculiarly notice restless walk, if you peculiarly notice restless walk waiting, if you sanction meaning, if you represent recognized meadow pieces, if you furnish kites and horses, if you regulate traffic, if you mention other causes, all this does prejudice one against respon - sibility and lectures, and lessons, it further notices mistakes. Poisons, Poisons are the means, minds are the means, old suns are the means, besides are the means. It is nugatory. Fishes. Fishes are the means. Did the war make you dash right in. Or series. I did not guess why the expected elongated angle made a particular shadow speck. I expect it did. I asked them about wash. They said washing. I cannot think that we can be unauthorized. She went away and said that if I would not ask why there was a weeding of plain little pulled dahlias, she would not offer to cook. He used to borrow a bicycle. It isn't of much account anyhow. It was an enormous in - justice. Excellent specimen. Reasonable readiness. All parti - culars. Gertrude Stein 131 THE SPRINGS OF GUILTY SONG Brazen hypnotics glitter here; Glee shifts from foot to foot, Magnetic to their tremulo. This crashing opera bouffe, Blest excursion! this ricochet From roof to roof — Know, Olympians, we are breathless While nigger cupids scour the stars! A thousand light shrugs balance us Through snarling hails of melody. White shadows slip across the floor Splayed like cards from a loose hand Rhythmic ellipses lead into canters Until somewhere a rooster banters. Greet naively — yet intrepidly New soothings, new amazements That cornets introduce at every turn And you may fall downstairs with me With perfect grace and equanimity: Or, plaintively scud past shores Where, by strange harmonic laws All relatives, serene and cool, Sit rocked in patent arm chairs. 132 O, I have known metallic paradises Where cuckoos clucked to finches Above the deft catastrophes of drums; While titters hailed the groans of death Beneath gyrating awnings I have seen The incunabula of the divine grotesque. This music has a reassuring way. The siren of the springs of guilty song — Let us take her on the incandescent wax Striated with nuances, nervosities That we are heir to: she is still so young. We cannot frown upon her as she smiles, Dipping here in this cultivated storm Among slim skaters of the gardened skies. Hart Crane 133 HYMEN Dr. Mahaffy says in his essay ff The Principles of the Art of Con - versation," that artificiality is an evidence of some kind of dishonesty. Un - doubtedly respect for the essence of a thing makes expression simple and in reading the present collection of poems by H. D., the hasty mind is abashed by the measure of intention and the exacting sincerity which prevail from the beginning to the end of the volume. Mr. Glenway Wescott praises the sternness of H. D.'s translations. "No race of men ever subsisted on sweet rhetorical distinction," he says and in her work, it is life denuded of subterfuge—it is the clean violence of truth that we have. Only as one isolates portions of the work, does one perceive the magic and compressed energy of the author's imagination, actuality in such lines as the following, being lost in the sense of spectacle: "dark islands in a sea of grey olive or wild white olive cut with the sudden cypress shafts;" fingers "wrought of iron to wrest from earth secrets; strong to protect, strong to keep back the winter." One recognizes here, the artist —the mind which creates what it needs for its own subsistence and propitiates nothing, willing—indeed wishing to seem to find its only counterpart in the elements; yet in this case as in the case of any true artist, reserve is a concomitant of intense feeling, not the cause of it. In H. D.'s work, there is not so much reserve as insistence upon certain qualities; nature in its acute aspects is to her, a symbol of freedom. A liking for surf for instance, makes the contemplation of still water seem like loathing as in Swinburne when one recalls his comparison * Hymen, by H. D. (Henry Holt &amp; Co., N. Y.) 134 of Ghilde Harold and Don Juan: "They are like lake water and sea water; the one is yielding, fluent, invariable: the other has in it a life and pulse, a sting and swell, which touch and excite the nerves like fire or like music; the ripple flags and falls in loose lazy lines, the foam flies wide of any mark, and the breakers collapse here and there in sudden ruin and violent failure. But the violence and weakness of the sea are preferable to the smooth sound and equable security of a lake." In the following lines as in H. D.'s work throughout, wiry diction, accurate observation and a homogeneous colour sense are joint phases of unequivocal faithfulness to fact: "Though Sparta enter Athens, Thebes wreck Sparta, each changes as water, salt, rising to wreak terror and fall back;" "a broken rock clatters across the steep shelf of the mountain slope, sudden and swift and breaks as it clatters down into the hollow breach of the dried water course." Colour and careful detail may arrest without commanding, but here— physical beauty emends other beauties and H. D.'s concept of colour makes it hard to disassociate ideas from the pageant that we have of objects and hues—Egyptian gold and silver work, a harmonious, tempera-like procession of dyes and craftsmanship—of these "flecks of amber on the dolphin's back," "white cedar and black cedar," "the shore burned with a lizard blue," "the light shadow print cast through the petals of the yellow iris flower," in"the paved parapet" on which "you will step carefully from amber stones to onyx." In this instinctive ritual of beauty, at once old and modern, one is reminded of the supernatural yellows of China—of an aesthetic con - sciousness which values simultaneously, ivory and the chiselled ivory of speech, finding "in the hardness of jade, the firmness of the intelligence; in its sound with the peculiarity of ceasing abruptly, the emblem of music, in the sharpness of its angles, justice; in its splendour, the sky and in its substance, the earth." "Beauty is set apart," H. D. says: 135 "Beauty is cast by the sea a barren rock, beauty is set about with wrecks of ships, upon our coast, death keeps the shallows—death waits clutching toward us from the deeps." In the bleakness as in the opulence of "The Islands' 1 from which the above lines are token, one remembers Ezekiel's Tyre, "a barren rock, a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea—" the Tyre which comman - ded with her wares, "emeralds, purple and broidered work, fine linen, coral and rubies, horses, war-horses, wine and white wool, bright iron, cassia and calamus, precious cloths for riding, horns of ivory and ebony, wares in wrappings of blue and broidered work and in chests of rich apparel bound with cords and made of cedar—replenished and made very glorious in the heart of the seas." Talk of weapons and the tendency to match one's intellectual and emotional vigour with the violence of nature, give a martial, an apparently masculine tone to such writing as H. D.'s, the more so that women are re - garded as belonging necessarily to either of two classes—that of the in - tellectual free lance or that of the eternally sleeping beauty, effortless yet effective in the indestructible limestone keep of domesticity. Woman tends unconsciously to be the aesthetic norm of intellectual home life and pre - eminently in the case of H. D., we have the intellectual, social woman, non - public and "feminine." There is, however, a connection between weapons and beauty. Cowardice and beauty are at swords' points and in H. D.'s work, suggested by the absence of subterfuge, cowardice and the ambition to dominate by brute force, we have heroics which do not confuse trans - cendence with domination and which in their indestructibleness, are the core of tranquillity and of intellectual equilibrium. Marianne Moore 136 COMMENT PASCIN'S AMERICA Afterwards Pascin travelled in America. He might have descended from the boat into an adventure story by Jack London, with miners, red - skins and sentimental businessmen. He might have descended into another legend, current formerly in Paris, of a country which manufactures every - thing in bulk and exports, in bulk, tourists and cocktails. He might have disembarked in any of a hundred legends and, after making a necessary compromise with fact, have kept the legend for himself. As a matter of fact he landed in Florida and painted pictures of lazy niggers playing cards over the sands. He travelled West, not into the pages of Zane Grey but into Texas. Later in New York he saw a ghetto which was not created by Waldo Frank and excursion steamers which nobody created. Arriving in Boston by a new Fall River Line and at 9 :03 on the second day of the police strike. Every - where he sketched. He did not paint the wheels or skyscrapers one might expect of a modern artist; he painted people. He painted them in groups as a rule, but his interest in a group was the individuals which composed it; in other words he was neither futurist nor unanimist but human. His method was partly a choice of the significant gesture, so that he expressed authority by the angle of a rifle and race by the position of an eyeball. Partly his method was a savant distortion by which, having chosen the essential characteristics of his subject, he magnified them boldly. One name for this is caricature, I suppose; another is history. The people he drew, if caricatured, are four-square and three-dimen - sional. Their implications are social, economic, personal, for into his work Pascin puts all his experience, all his knowledge, and not a circumscribed portion labelled Aesthetics. Drawing is not his second or fifth language; it is his only language; he uses it to express everything he has seen, with the result that his portfolio of watercolours forms a whole world and a New World; it is Pascin's America. Before Walt Whitman America hardly existed; to him we owe the pioneers, the open spaces, in general the poetry of square miles. Bret Harte created California and Twain the Mississippi. Woodrow Wilson, Chaplin, the James brothers; each created a separate America, an America which 137 frightened pleasantly or amused us, a Godrighteous America for which we fortunately did not die. America is a conception which must be renewed each morning with the papers. It is not one conception but a million which change daily, which melt daily into one another. Pascin's America is more interesting, perhaps more durable than the rest, because more colourful, more vulgar, and more plastic. It is an America peopled by none of the characters with which Famous Players and Realart have made us familiar. There are no cowboys; no arrowcollar lads or prettily-pouting debutantes. There is a single travelling salesman, but caught in an unexpected attitude; he enters the washroom of a Pullman with collar and tie draped over his brown derby; he would hardly make copy for Rupert Hughes When Pascin borrows he turns to the authors of ragtime lyrics. He draws a black Petronius waiting for the taxi which will bear him to the Darktown Strutters' Ball. He draws the guests of That Yiddish Wedding Jubilee and, naked under kimonas, the parlour-house whores, maybe the very ones who stole from loving Frankie her man that did her wrong. Pascin paints the Irish in Boston and not in the West; Jews in New York and not in Florida; Florida niggers and Mexicans in Texas; every - where races and professions that are socially declassed, socially unembar - rassed; perhaps he finds them the best commentary on a civilization. Pascin paints a team of burros; behind him the mountains south of the Rio Grande, gigantically looming, and an old Mexican driver with his head overtopping the mountains. Never will he return O never to his happy revolutions Pascin paints stevedores over a game of craps. A hand reaches out for the bones; it is maybe the spirit of gambling symbolized, but it remains a skinny nigger hand He paints two militiamen during the Boston police strike: chest elevated, eyes looking forward, gun sloping at an angle of 45°, erect shoulders that bear the whole authority of the State A sad-faced Irishman in the Bronx Express; behind him a pasted copy of the Subway Sun with a portrait of the late Theodore P. Shonts Coney Island wriggles with bathers; the sea is hidden or it would swallow them all; women wear bathing suits who shouldn't and their breasts loom like Anthony's Nose over the Hudson. . . . . And Mrs. Sadkowich; typical of Pascin's heroines there is Rebecca Sadko - wich on her week-end party; she gnaws at a leg of chicken while her straw-hatted sons crowd round her and the boat moves slowly up the river to the tune of Bright Eyes and towards an unattained Bear Mountain. Malcolm Cowley 138 POEMS: MARIANNE MOORE Let us admit to begin with that the great shortcoming of American women is their brutality, their coarseness, as seen in manners, gowns, habits, books, dew-daws. American women, for the most part are shock - ingly beautiful, but all dress alike, repeat dreadful old saws from variety shows, chew gum, and lack humility while lacking originality. Their standard-fabricated souls have been set to lyrics by such poetesses as Sara Teasdale and Edna Millay. These people, whether they go horseback riding or play tennis or wear low-heeled shoes have no shame and have no pride. Amy Lowell and Gertrude Stein are arch-types who bustle through the multitude. One is silent and embarassed before Amy Lowell: she was the nymph of many a rosy American youth for long years. The din of Gertrude Stein's barbarous chants rises relentlessly: one may succeed in being indifferent to it with taut muscles. There is, otherwise, Marianne Moore, a rebuke to our heedless womanhood: the humility that goes with knowledge — the pride that goes with sensibility. Emotion in her is calcined to a thin ash. Poetry assumes the air of unaffected conversation, of quiet altercation. There is no sob, no throwing back of the hair with disheveled hands. There is great mystery and great tranquillity. The mysticism of Lewis Car oil: "... .deeper than the sea when it proffers flattery in exchange for hemp, rye, flax, horses, platinum, timber and fur." But she is too difficult to quote. Best in a long poem about fish or elephants or disagreeable cousins, where motion is so subjectively visioned that it becomes significantly distorted. Indeed the refinement which she practises is almost oppressive — as she pauses before a conclusion from some observation and relates it more slowly and definitely so that its sugges - tions widen out like ripples in a dark pool — or as she wraps herself in a torment of words: "Feed me also, River God, lest by diminished vitality and ablated vigilance, I become food for crocodiles —" or as she "quotes" some commonplace phrase of the man in the street. * Poems, by Marianne Moore, Egoist Press, London. 139 The declamatory tone falls into the purest traditions of the English language. The genius of that language is evoked most formidably in sustained passages of Tamerlane the Great, Antony and Cleopatra, and Paradise Lost, albeit with the clanking of an armor that is fallen into desuetude. This, too, is an age of declaimers; our great rhetoricians intone their manifold prophecies from balloon, fence, screen, or incandescent sign, with an informed ardour. The oracle of Marianne Moore, however, is not subsidized, and adopts more varied tones again; her discontentments, her fainter heresies and criticisms lead to no great matter; yet, to us they are as poignant as the futile sword-brandishing of a Tamerlane. Swaying desperately in the wind she complains: ff ls your town Nineveh? .. . Is it Nineveh and are you Jonah in the sweltering east wind of your wishes? I, myself have stood there by the aquarium, looking at the Statue of Liberty." Her "superiority", as some have called it, comes of her humility before brute life, her knowledge that, for example, "this hat lying at the corner of this table is more important than the Washington Monument!" Thus her music may tinkle up from thin glass or gather the formidable rhythms of a pachyderm in flight; it matters little. Her personality unfolds and unravels, her face becomes more distinct and unforgettable in the wide blur of com - posite American faces. The making public property of a group of Eliot poems in the November Dial, is a considerable event, an occasion for curiosity and mingled hope and fear. For a poet who deliberately adopted a minor tone, Mr. Eliot has had a subtle and farspread influence. Let it be said that this later group of poems justifies the almost reluctant repect for him on the part of the younger American and English writers. For, he does move forward, though modestly, from the mood of Prufrock to new terrain, in The Waste - land. One is immediately conscious of a more aggressive lyricism, and to the baffled inhibited pride of the earlier poems are added certain vulgar reverberations from the streets. "A game of Chess" and "What the Thunder Said" help to round out, for us, an evasive personality which loves futile gestures as much as it does polished verses. Mr. Eliot is very quotable; the last poem escapes, or rather eludes, upon a note of rebellious fantasy: "Da Dayadhvam: I have heard the key Turn in the door and turn once only." whose manner and spirit is delicious. And Mr. Eliot retires in an in - scrutable (shall we say?) mask of Italian, French, Sanskrit and nonsense syllables. The iambic pentameter is rather of Webster and Jonson, than of Shakespeare; i. e., the lines are embroidered and pompous, the images are violent or bantering. Yet his prosody and diction are strikingly in accord with our own tempo, save that there is the familiar (and sorely imitated) air of cynical resignation, of inexplicable hurt, which is remembered perhaps as the dominant trait of Mr. Eliot. From the very first line, "April is the cruelest month," to the ultimate evasion of the concluding lines of the last poem we have the troubled strain of Prufrock again. This is the New-England Mr. Eliot who has embraced English culture and good - manners, who swims reverently the London fog. He is reiterating this mood when he writes: "What shall we do tomorrow? What shall we ever do? The hot water at ten. And if it rains, a closed car at four. And we shall play a game of chess, Pressing lidless eyes and waiting for a knock upon the door." One would not hold such lines against a less gifted craftsman. There are so few poets whom we expect not to repeat themselves! But I fear that it is precisely in his most facile moments that he has appealed most and been most echoed. His real distinction, his indubitable mastery of a style, have been more difficult to assail, however removed he may be from the less grateful climate of modern America. M. J. Grateful acknowledgment is made to Dr. H. J. Spinden of the Peabody Museum, from whose excellent book on Maya art most of the illustrations used in this issue of BROOM have been reproduced. Printed by Rich„ Labisch &amp; Co., Graphisclie Kunstanstalt G. m. b. H., Berlin (Germany) LES ECRITS NOUVEAUX com i t e de D irection Edmond Jaloux, Valery Larbaud, Andre Germain, Philippe Soupault publieront pendant l'anne 1923 DOU2E ETUDES CRITIQUES Andre Gide, par la Comtesse de Noailles Paul Valery, par la Comtesse de Noailles Henry James, par J. E. Blanche Jean Giraudoux, par Edmond Jaloux Thomas Hardy, par Edmond Jaloux Berenson, par Charles Du Bos Edmond Jaloux, par Robert de Traz Gabriel Miro, par Valery Larbaud Perez de Ayala, par Valery Larbaud Thomas Mann, par Felix Berteaux Valery Larbaud, par Marcel Ray Maurice Barres, par Henri de Montherlant Proust, par Paul Morand LE NUMERO: TROIS FRANCS • t Abonnement pour la France 30 francs pour les autres pays 36 francs REDACTION, ADMINISTRATION ET PUBLICITE 100 rue du Faubourg St. Honore PARIS DES NOUVELLES DE A. de Chateaubriant T checov Bounine Aragon Morand Drieu la Rochelle Henri de Montherlant Marcel Chaminade Jean Richard-Bloch Bernard Fay Max Jacob Frangois Mauriac DES POEMES DE la Comtesse de Noailles, Paul Valery, Leon Paul Fargue, Valery Larbaud, Blaise Cendrars, Pierre Reverdy, Max Jacob, Paul Eluard, Philippe Soupault A subcription to THE DRAMA brings you a year's acquaintance with all that is best in the theatre. It keeps you posted on current developments and gives you a glance into the future. THE DRAMA has much to offer during the coming year many effective one-act plays for reading or acting, regular reviews of the New York and Chicago productions of significance, news of the London, Paris, German and Russian theatres, trenchant discussion of the trend of the theatre in America. yearly subcription to THE DRAMA entitles the subscriber to a full membership in the Drama League of America, and to the many benefits which may be derived from this association. One Year's Subscription for $ d fiue months trictt subscription for $ 1 The Drama Corporation / 59 E. Van Buren St., Chicago MODERN REVIEW Miction — (poetry — Criticism A modern magazine printing nothing, however, that is radical or clever. Published quarterly at Winchester Mass. 25 c Per Copy at Bookstands $ 1.00 The year by subscription THE GREATEST THE BIGGEST THE BEST Hundreds of people found to their keen disappointment that back numbers of some issues of BROOM last year were not pro- curable for love or money, having been entirely exhausted by the Belated demand. Bookstand readers, occasional or pro- spective readers are sagely warned to SUBSCRIBE BEFOREHAND (at $ 5 a year) Address BROOM, 3 East Ninth Street, New York S 4 N MONTHLY PUBLICATION OF THE S 4 N SOCIETY To promote open-minded consideration of all theories and practices of art and to combat influences hostile to such consideration. AMONG ITS CONTRIBUTORS E. E. Cummings Kenneth Burke David Greenhood Max Robin Loring Andrews Gorham B. Munson Reginald Marsh Tom Chubb Roger Sessions Daniel Dourouze John Peale Bishop William Rose Ben6t Stephen Vincent Ben6t Grace Hazard Conkling Harold Vinal Oliver Jenkins Robert Withington Philip Gray Richard Bassett Josephine Chandler Annual Dues (or Subscription): $ 3 Address NORMAN FITTS, Editor NORTHAMPTON, MASS., U.S.A. AGAINST THE FAUX BON THE DIAL is a magazine of the creative and the critical arts which neither publishes nor praises that very bad substitute for fine work, the faux bon. The faux bon always looks a little bit better than good enough, but only a little bit. It has all the pretensions of creative integrity and none of its power. It is Rostand instead of Shakespeare, Schoenberg instead of Scriabine and the well-groomed, literary impostor instead of the spontaneous creator of lasting, artistic values. It is the triumph of technique over genius. The faux bon compromises with the semipopular high- brow standards of good form and good taste. The Dial makes no such compromise. Its only prejudice is in fa- vour of clear thinking in criticism, and the fine expression of fine things in creative work. It has never rejected a manuscript because the author's name was unknown or taken one, because the author is famous. The Dial is each month an authoritative record of what the creative intelligence of the world is doing. It is liberal in letters. It offers the writers and artists of America com- plete independence from the limitations otherwise imposed upon publication of their work. SPECIAL OFFER: THE DIAL for 1 year $5.00 THE DIAL for 1 year and one of the following books $ 5.50 BABBITT by Sinclair Lewis THE JUDGE by Rebecca West THE WASTE LAND by T. S. Eliot AARON'S ROD by D. H. Lawrence MARIA CHAPDELAINE by Louis Hemon THE ENORMOUS ROOM by E. E. Cummings CIVILIZATION IN THE UNITED STATES by thirty well known American writers THE DIAL 152 West 13 th Street New York City Gentlemen: You may enter my name for a year's subscription to THE DIAL beginning with the number. Name Address Book □ I enclose $ 5.50. □ I will remit $ 5.50 on receipt of your bill. TJZake 'Beauty our i'Handmaiden ou can buy beautiful things with money and place them in an environment that robs them of their magic. Money is the tool of beauty, not its master. To create beauty one must have a knowledge of its laws and how to use them. What we call "good taste" is a recognition of these laws, in- stinctive or acquired. The Arts &amp; Decoration Practical Home Study Course in In- terior Decoration gives you in a simple, direct and fascinating way the laws which govern the making of a beautiful room or a beautiful house, and plain, practical directions showing the procedure step by step. The course consists of twenty-four semi-monthly lessons which cover every phase, artistic and practical, of the ab- sorbing subject. It is essential to a cultural education, a necessity to those who desire to beautify their homes, and it has an economic justification in that each lesson can save the total cost of the course. Perhaps the greatest benefit derived from it, in satisfaction, is the capacity to create a home environment that commands artistic appreciation from authorities and at the same time expresses one's own individuality, whose spirit reflects the possessor. The directors of the course are HAROLD DONALDSON EBERLEIN and NANCY V. Mc CLELLAND. The advisory Board, including WILLIAM EMERSON, Director of the Ar- chitectural School, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; HUGER ELLIOTT, Principal of the School, Pennsylvania Museum and School of Industrial Arts, Philadelphia; WHIT- NEY WARREN, New York, architect of the Grand Central Terminal; RICHARD F. BACH, curator of Industrial Art, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. We shall be glad to send you an illustrated booklet on request. Hrts &amp; Dccoration 50 (Cleft 47 tb Street JVew York City Js Tbrootn too Conservative ? A maiden-lady of advanced age wrote us from the Middle West that the Indian animal sculptures which appeared in the September issue of BROOM were "old stuff." A Philadelph la bank-director revoked his subscription on the grounds that the work of a noted American poetess was unfit to be read by his daughter, aged sixteen. Still another encouraging comment from the deserts of New Mexico reads: "I find BROOM the best medium for keeping abreast of artistic developments in America and Europe." "Where the critics disagree —" said Wilde, "the artist is in accord with himself." And BROOM has set itself the task of bringing the new work of living artists in America and Europe to the intelligent reading public of America. (Nor has BROOM ever underestimated the taste of that public.) Thus each number of BROOM is a departure, a fresh adventure winning new plunder for its readers. In the FEBRUARY issue there will be published: A short nove\,'transformations, by Richard Huelsenbeck,a work whose extraordi- nary fantasy and humor recall the qualities of German folk-tales of the Middle Ages. Drawings by the too little known masters, Paul Klee and George Gross, which, suggesting much the same qualities, have an intensely modern consciousness. Two drawings by inmates of a lunatic asylum which possess plastic and imaginative value far in advance of their more normal contemporaries. The Kid, a story by Vsevolod Ivanov, a new Russian writer, who draws an amazing picture of present-day Russia, with primitive power and simplicity. Red Eric, by William Carlos Williams, the second of a series of histo- rical studies — history as it was certainly never written nor sung! And distinctive American prose and poetry by Carleton Beals, Malcolm Cowley, John Crawford, Evelyn Scott, William Gamaliel Shepherd, Paul Eldridge, and others. Therefore the heavy demand for backnumbers of BROOM, which entirely exhausted several issues last year, has been not at all surprising. Bookstand readers are warned to assure themselves of an unbroken series of 1923 BROOMS by SUBSCRIBING NOW $ 5 for One Year's Subscription For America, address BROOM, 3 East Ninth Street, New York. For Europe, address BROOM, 5 Schicklerstrasse, Berlin. "... and America where there is the little ramshackle victoria in the south, where cigars are smoked on the street in the north; where there are no proofreaders, no silkworms, no digressions; the wild man's land; grass-less, links-less, language-less country — in which letters are written not in Spanish, not in Greek, not in Latin, not in shorthand but in plain American which cats and dogs can read!" MARIANNE MOORE. broomAn International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb.Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Matthew Josephson. American Editor, Lola Ridge.Associate Art Editor, Ladislas Medgyes. JANUARY, 1922 PUBLISHED MONTHLY VOL. 4, NO. 2 The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon- sible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Berlin office,- mss. from America to the NewYork office.The price of Broom is:For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 2/6 d the copy, and one pound five shillingsfor a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of samewill be prosecuted.Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. Y- April 22, 1922under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters. Schicklerstrasse 5, Berlin, GermanyNew York Office, Three East Ninth Street. * Hymen, by H. D. (Henry Holt &amp; Co., N. Y.) * Poems, by Marianne Moore, Egoist Press, London. Printed by Rich„ Labisch &amp; Co., Graphisclie Kunstanstalt G. m. b. H., Berlin (Germany) PageJoke — Holling A. Clancy 73My dear Mrs. Wurtelbach — Kenneth Burke 74Stadium Concert — Charles Galwey 79Karintha — Jean Toomer 83M\ ya Art — George Sacken 86The House of Conover — Robert A. Sanborn 89Pursuit — Matthew Josephson 105Nigger — Margaret Evans 108The Destruction of Tenochtitlan — William Carlos Williams 112Morning — Kay Boyle 121Fugitives — Charles Galwey 123Circle — Elsa von Freitag-Loringhoven 128The High Hat — Louis Gilmore 129Wear — Gertrude Stein 130The Springs of Guilty Song — Hart Crane 131Hymen — Marianne Moore 133Pascin's America — Malcolm Cowley 136Poems.- Marianne Moore, T. S. Eliot — M. J 138ReproductionsCover Design (Woodcut) — GontcharovaMaya Architecture and Sculpture, facing pages 88, 89, 104, 105, 120, 121, 128, 129Maya Motifs and Designs, throughout. JOKE Holling Allison Clancy Silver knives,Lanced on long windsHave killed the grass-bloom;A blue-chinned mountainStrokes his shag-beard ....The dog is dead,And dry-rots over the raftersThat rib up through cracked roof-mud . . . .One Penitente whipped too longOn the up-hill, and ripping fibre-thornsSawed him from life ....Crow-egg has pippedIn a far pine's fur Dad crow flaps homeWith a fat, fresh horse-eye! MY DEAR MRS. WURTELBACH Kenneth Burke I. What if he had known Wurtelbach since the days when they hada tent in the back yard and played Old Maid if it rained? It was in thecompany of Wurtelbach that he had bought his first beer. Furthermore,he had roomed with Wurtelbach at the university. But as to Mrs. Wurtel- bach, he had taken her limp hand and been assigned to a chair once, andanother time he had been informed that her husband often spoke of him.As a consequence, the letter was written thus:My dear Mrs. Wurtelbach:How can I express my sympathy with you and little Dorothy over the loss ofhusband and fatherl I heard the terrible news this morning for the first time, and sincethen I have felt the need more and more strongly of writing a few words, however muchthey fail of conveying my deep condolence. At such times one is painfully aware ofjust how cruel fate can be, and how we are all called upon to bear our load of suffering.But surely it must be some consolation to you in your sorrow to realize that there areso many who knew and loved your husband. And then again, you must strive toremember that he himself would wish those whom he left behind to be as happy aspossible.My mother asks me to assure you in her behalf how greatly she, also, enters inwith you in your affliction.Wurtelbach dead! Wurtelbach pig-stewed . . . dead. Wurtelbachaddressing the Chamber of Commerce with that artificial seriousness ofhis . . . dead. Wurtelbach sneezing . . . dead. All the little untied endsof Wurtelbach's experiences had just stopped being there to tie. In somecloset or other the baggy trousers were hanging which Wurtelbach wasgoing to put on next Sunday morning. His wife and child were no doubtcrying in Sewickley.Charles did not cringe at sending the letter, any more than he hadcringed at eating breakfast. If it had been Charles who had died, Wurtel- bach would have sent a similar letter to his mother; indeed, somewherein the letter he might even have situated Charles comfortably in Heavenand hinted that it is selfish of us to grieve the loss of one who has beenGalled Home. Charles realized that he could write it, and mail it, while the fact of Wurtelbach's death would remain on his hands in exactly thesame way.The time he and Wurtelbach had . . . dead. Like lead, in bed, hisdull, dull head (pause) . . . dead (one, two, three) . . . dead. "Hello . . .yes . . . oh, hello, Alice. I hoped you'd call. Yes, I got home all right . . .dead . . . rather late, of course, but I had a good night." Now, concerningthis matter of the Chicago Awto-Lite Company, why not write them andtell them to forward the photographs in any case, and if we found thatwe could not run the illustrations, we could either return them forthwithor hold them for a future article our editors might get up on accessories.Hanging up there lop-sided in the closet, all ready for next Sunday. Thepump stopped; it's all over when that convulsion stops down there underthe ribs.Once, with a sudden freezing, Charles understood that he had lostdear old Wurtelbach. II. First Esther had stepped over the log, and then Miss Anderson hadstepped over the log, and then Myrtle and Wurtelbach had stepped overthe log, and then, after a long interval, Anne had stepped over the log . . .and then . . . over the log . . . the log ... log .. . Then they were allgone. They had all gone ahead, leaving the log behind them, and freshrips in the ferns growing out of the rotten leaves. Wurtelbach had avoidedthe cow-flops, as well as the eyes of the girls. What if he were to eata cow-flop; Christ, what a stir! The girls' legs carried them up, up thehill; Wurtelbach considered the masterful working of these mechanisms.Esther was a kid; that's why she was first. Or more accurately, Estherwas still a colt. Esther went on up the hill, without the least suspicionof the night Wurtelbach wanted to eat her. Esther was as useless asa sparrow. Her unhappy body was without significance. Wurtelbach agreedwith a certain guilty awkwardness while she talked of climbing Hawkbilland yelling across to Chestnut Ridge. He was willing to drop, behind.Myrtle, gentlemen, was Queenly. With all her bones comfortablyburied beneath a half-inch cushion of warm flesh, Myrtle could take up 1* as much of your time as she cared to by talking deliberately. Myrtlecould bathe in spring water without suffering; but the irrefutable fact re- mained that there was frequently a strong odor which came from Myrtle'sarmpits.The general picnic spirit continued. They would be at Buckeye Springin fifteen minutes. Oh, look, the columbines were still perfect! Andthey had seeded in the valley two weeks ago! The bull! The bull! . . .Wurtelbach promptly advanced, while the girls crawled back under thebarbed wire nervously. The brute kicked up clods of grass and dirt overhis swaying rump. Wurtelbach collected rocks with an inward emphasis.Then he began throwing, until one rock hit the bull on a protruding shoulderbone. The bull retreated back among the trees, vibrating and sending littlepebbles rolling down the hill. Wurtelbach continued to throw, thus assuringsafe conduct for his women.Then came half a mile of tangle, where the trail was nearly lost,until it broke into full view of the mountains. They rolled away blue-black,like the faithful backs of elephants. From across the valley they got thebroadside of Craggy. Every one waited for Anne, and when she arrivedshe was chagrined at being waited for. You could plunge words deep intoAnne. Some little half-uttered sentence with the man-and-woman aboutit . . . you could let it drop and feel sure that it would be picked up. Annewas like a deep pool: you could throw in a pebble . . . there would bea little ripple . . . and then the pebble would lie there. When Anne wentinto her room at night and shut the door, you felt that it was being shutwith sullenness. Anne was not good-looking; it was generally agreed thatshe would never marry.When they reached the Flats, Wurtelbach sneaked away to observethe ridges. Thirty-seven could be seen from here on a clear day. Wurtel- bach counted twelve before he thought to close his eyes. When he openedthem again, he picked one little white roof five miles down the valley. Thenhe sailed from here to there in a bee-line, and among the ridges. The thin,dead air made him feel the pulse-beat in his ears. Two months afterthis Wurtelbach was dead. III. For a few notes the band chugged in unison, and then it broke awayagain, all the little parts flying off independently. That was jazz. The piccolo wabbled on a three-bar spree; the violin tumbled down threeoctaves. The pianist bounced alternately from bass to high treble. (No use;everybody just ate.) The trombone saw its chance, and drawled blurtingly.The trap-drummer let loose all over, drums, bells, bones, cymbals. Fora while each player ran his own little circle around the melody, existed byhimself, felt recklessly assertive. (Five hundred crab meat salads wereremoved simultaneously, and five hundred roasted second joints of caponwere brought in their place.) The band stopped to change the score, andthere would have been dead silence if every one were not hearing hisown jaws.After the nuts had been passed around, however, and breadcrumbs hadbeen brushed secretly from the knees to the floor, and the cigars werelighted tentatively, one dealer from Buffalo, seated at table 36, offereda joke about a very stupid and very typical Englishman. This Englishman,while visiting his American cousin in California, being greatly impressedby the extended cultivation which was going on, had asked. "But bahJoove, ah say, what do you do with all this produce?" And the Americanhad answered. ffOh, we can what we can, and what we can't can, we can."Now the Englishman was inordinately tickled with this, but later, whiletrying to repeat it back home, he blundered with characteristic stupidity,ffoh, we can what we cawn, and what we cawn't can we put up in tins."Table 36 laughed the fitting amount, and a dealer from a small townoutside of Buffalo told one about a rather fast woman; and what is more,he followed it with one about a woman's parts.Table 36 was now in a pleasant frame of mind, and when the bandjazzed again, everybody joined in the chorus. The two men came out —fairies probably — and sang something or other. The five hundred gentlemenassembled did not listen. The two fairies melted away, and forty womenappeared, which explains why certain tables were upset in the yowlingrush toward the centre of the floor. Yaaing, these babies stood up onladders, and oscillated the jelly of their breasts.For an hour, then, this tingling meat was examined. And when itleft, the president of the All-American Corporation gave a speech:"Gentlemen ... As I look over this glad assemblage ... of morethan five hundred . . . this evening ... it takes me back nine years tothe first annual banquet held under the auspices of the Ail-American Corporation Stop to consider, gentlemen, what really tremenjousstrides the All-American has made in these nine short years. . . . Transportyourself back to those uncertain days when our organization was makingits first struggle for existence If I remember correctly, there werejust . . . one . . . two, there were exactly fourteen dealers present at thefirst annual banquet of the All-American Corporation."How little we expected then, when Mr. Hemmingway talked ofmoving his little hub factory to a larger city, that nine years from that daywe should have . . . not one headquarters in a large city . . . not two . . .but representatives distributed over the length and breadth of the en-tireworld! Little did we think at that time that civilization would developsuch an insatiable hunger for our commodity."Little did we think, I say. But that statement is unjust; for evenat that early date the faith of the founder of our organization never wavered.For Mr. Hemmingway was a man of vision, a prophet, a seer. He couldforetell, where we could not, what a great demand was to be created inthe world for his invention. And today, thanks to the vision of that un- daunted genius . . THE WORLD IS WITHOUT A TOY. Romance,realism, the inquisition, the City of God, geo-centricity . . . they have leftus nothing . . . nothing but a wobbly art trying to hit us on the headwith a club. Is there some life beyond the mucous membrane? Is theresome significance beyond a little suburban home? As an adolescent, I car- ried vague possibilities in my groins; and now there is nothing left but tolook at people. Christ, they have even burned out our pessimism!Ah! to have gotten up in the night, and to have noticed the dooropen and the light lit. And to have passed down the corridor ... andnothing . . . nothing ... to have returned, unchanged.What are we to do with the growing trees? And Mrs. Buckhornyelling down the dumb-waiter shaft? Let me rise above ... let me main- tain ... let me affirm . . . There is the epigram, and there is the epic . . .and I have squeezed big theoretical tears. If there is one pure joy left withus, it is to pass a tight jobby.David, my little man, sling your pebble at the universe. STADIUM CONCERT Charles Galwey The man, tiers under herUnmoving, straw hatted,Common cryptic solitary.INTERMISSIONProgram list of guarantors,Vaguely existent rich, the powerful ones,Givers of spiritualities out of dollars.FINAL ENCOREShowery clapping dispersed.A concert neatly fitted into the rutTHE BOSS orders them backTo clean bed rooms porcelain efficient kitchensStrap clutching subway stench, screaming ffL"Sadistic slavery and return.Or a walk by the park benchesPrescient the Phallic obsceneDay hidden —Cackling inuendoes boys hug girls —They write their world in the scrawls of privies,Dust bare grassElectric glamor of tree boughs.Huge naked breast of waterSaturated lead by sewers —Red and green glow of little boats in swarm —In it are sunk the stars.All obsessing electric capitals The central ten thousand huddleA self-drilled mob school.Some leech has let the bloodOf outward loveable gayeties.Girl stenographers "going with" their men.Jew and Christian.Clerks salesmen buyers teachersDwellers in hot perforations of verticalRows of eyes that stare inanelyVertiginous identity.Exalted, beautiful, the Seventh Symphony,The sure reconcilers, brass, wood, strings,High a woman's voiceFlatterersInto an escapeTo emotions soft red, purple, rhythmic,Shading away constricted monotonyOf cloaks suits hair nets hats stocks bondsschoolroomsDry-goods advertising.AloneTwoWhere at the semi-circle endsIndividuals vanquish the crowd.The woman, crouched head over kneesBig hatted,Her mysteryPoignant where the soundsAnnounce themselves in shadows. Welter of lovelinessAnd cash net sixty daysdo it now.Splendors —And futilities earning dollars —The crowdThe individualNew York.Stone seats in tiers(Damn my back!)A semi-circle of brown DoricJowled by cigar box tenementsBlatant brick of Hebrew Orphan AsylumA many peaked rubble of bastard collegeParodying Oxford and cathedralsWith six windows that slit mild light.Straight scream of electric arcs.An orange flame mutters waveringly upward inthe dim east cityBelow the dusty bastions of a park.The focus, a belly of sounding board, a stage,Fat bass fiddles, iron desk.Tables, lonely, barren, bereft of genial foams. Warner's Sugar And on the Palisade cliff Surf Bathing Moon silvered coin edge of ragged cloudA chuckle streaking straight overhead.The busses totter spilling the jammed shadowsCloaca and BeethovenPutridity of a monster gas tank gray —Nausea of sliding automobiles and hunger oftheir eyesHunting, yellow —Fetid heat of August with fecundity at play.Illusion winged beauty —A million strangled deaths of trapped souls.The crypts of loneliness,The dreams and immundicities of the crowd.New York. KARINTHA Jean Toomer (To be read, accompanied by thehumming of a Negro folk-song)Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon,O can't you see it, O can't you see it,Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon. . . When the sun goes down.Men had always wanted her, this Karintha, even as a child,Karintha carrying beauty, perfect as dusk when the sun goesdown. Old men rode her hobby-horse upon their knees. Youngmen danced with her at frolics when they should have been dan- cing with their grown-up girls. God grant us youth, secretlyprayed the old men. The younger fellows counted the time topass before she would be old enough to mate with them. Thisinterest of the male, that wishes to ripen a growing thing toosoon, could mean no good to her.Karintha, at twelve, was a wild flash that told the other folksjust what it was to live. At sunset, when there was no wind,and the pinesmoke from over by the saw-mill hugged the earth,and you couldn't see more than a few feet in front, her suddendarting past you was a bit of vivid color, like a black bird thatflashes in the light. With the other children one could hear,some distance away, their feet flopping in the two inch dust.Karintha's running was a whir. It had the sound of the red dustthat sometimes makes a spiral in the road. At dusk, during thehush just after the mill had closed down, and before any of thewomen had started their supper-getting-ready songs, her voice,Wgh-pitched, shrill, would put one's ears to itching. But no oneever thought to make her stop because of it. She stoned thecows, and beat her dog, and fought the other children . . . Eventhe preacher, who caught her at mischief, told himself that she was as innocently lovely as a November cotton-flower. Already,rumors were out about her. Homes in Georgia are most often builton the two-room plan. In one, you cook and eat, in the otheris where you sit and sleep, and where love goes on. Karinthahad seen or heard, perhaps she had felt her parents loving. Onecould but imitate one's parents, for to follow them was the wayof God. She played home' with a small boy who was not afraidto do her bidding. That started the whole thing. Old men could110 longer ride her hobby-horse upon their knees. But youngmen counted faster.Her skin is like dusk,O can't you see it,Her skin is like duskWhen the sun goes down.Karintha is a woman. She who carries beauty, perfect asdusk when the sun goes down. She has been married manytimes. Old men remind her that a few years back they rode herhobby-horse upon their knees. Karintha smiles, and indulgesthem when she is in the mood for it. She has contempt for them.Karintha is a woman. Young men run stills to make her money.Young men gamble to make her money. Young men go to thelarge cities and run on the road. Young men go away to college.They all want to bring her money. These are the young men whothought that all they had to do was to count time. But Karinthais a woman, and she has had a child. A child fell out of herwomb onto a bed of pine-needles in the forest. Pine-needles aresmooth and sweet. They are elastic to the feet of rabbits . . .A saw-mill was nearby. Its pyramidal saw-dust pile smouldered.It is a year before one completely burns. Meanwhile, the smokecurls up and hangs in odd wraiths about the forest, curls up, andspreads itself out over the valley. Weeks after Karintha returnedhome, the smoke was so heavy you tasted it in water. Someonemade a song: Smoke is on the hills. Rise up.Smoke is on the hills, O riseAnd take my soul away.Karintlia is a woman. Men do not know that the soul of herwas a growing thing ripened too soon. They will bring theirmoney; they will die not having found it out . . . Karintha attwenty, carrying beauty, perfect as dusk when the sun goes down.Karintha . . .Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon,O can't you see it, O can't you see it,Her skin is like dusk on the eastern horizon. . . When the sun goes down.Goes down . . . MAYA ART George Sacken There is in the American Museum of Natural History,a room devoted to Maya art. No one can pass throughthis room without being powerfully affected, eitherpleasantly or unpleasantly. One is disturbed, perhapsrepelled by the vivid forms that fill the room, and onewonders why these works and the people who createdthem are so little known. For the room is charged withthe spirit of a strong race. We feel distinctly the presenceof a remarkable temperament, highly sophisticated yetessentially barbaric. A rectangular column, some twenty feet high, covered with tortuousornaments, towers to the ceiling. Near the top there is a human mask ofheroic size startlingly like a Buddha, but frigid with cruelty. This steladominates the room. It is as mysterious and as exalted as the Grotto Godsof Tuan Huang.There are smaller columns and many altars, some regular and othersirregular in shape, each covered with a maze of abstract and apparentlyunorganized forms. The variety of these forms is prodigious — geometricalelements, coarse grotesque figures and intricate arabesques — each virile andexpressive. Seldom is abstract ornament so articulate. These forms arevaried, combined, and elaborated in the deliberate search for plastic sensation.Plastic sensation is the aesthetic emotion created by form. Architectureis perhaps the purest and most profound plastic expression. The relationbetween the horizontal and the vertical, the mode of the arch, are theindices of a race's temperament. They express its dominating character- * The Maya Indians occupied the peninsula of Yucatan, Central America, and the contiguousmainland westward to the Pacific coast. In the sixteenth century the Spaniards, marching northfrom Peru to Mexico, found their ruined cities inhabited by an alien and inferior raceof Indians. The Mayas themselves were extinct. Little is known of their history, forany documents that might have told of their habits and ideas were destroyed by overzealous Spanish priests. Two beautifully illustrated, but otherwise unimportant manuscriptsexist. Not even an exact date is known, but ethnologists agree that the Maya era wasapproximately from 200 B ... to 1300 A. D. and that their best works were wrought inthe fourth and fifth centuries when the Aztecs and Incas were little more than savages. istics. Painting with its more fragile and flexible means, its privilege ofrealism, reveals the more intimate and personal poetry of a people. Mayaart lies somewhere between these, neither as grand as architecture nor assensitive as painting — an f'intimate architecture" perhaps. Even theirrealistic sculpture —- Ghac Mool, the Singing Girl, — are formaland aloof, semi - architectural. But they and all, even the smallestforms, have the plastic purity and force of architecture in a relative degree.They are never, however regular or conventional, mere decoration. Theyare as vital as alphabets or symbolic figures. It is the particular genius of the Mayas that these virile and insistentforms do not destroy the surface or mass they cover. Guiriga altar —and the facade at Labna — are striking examples of this power. Inthe former the very shapelessness of the stone is crystallized by the writhingforms. The Guiriga altar is as expressive today as five centuries ago. Whatmeaningless masses the realistic sculpture of today will be when its senti- mental significance is forgotten.The facade at Labna is an amazingly skillful orchestration of forms.The broad horizontal band across the center is counterpoint to the verticalelements above and below, preventing them from dominating and therebydestroying the surface. This band casts a black shadow where it projects over the lower part of the wall. Directly above this shadow is a strip per- fectly free of ornament creating a brilliant, incisive contrast such as noother means could achieve. The dominating zig-zag serpent motif is tem- pered by the quieter motifs above and below it. This skillful oppositionof vivid and of quiet forms, of horizontal and of vertical elements, producesan exquisite harmony — vivid but not crude, of utmost variety butabsolute unity.All Maya works display this creative intelligence, and conscious useof definite aesthetic principles. Today, when a new order of artists istrying to rescue art from the morass of misused realism and to bring directionto an inchoate aesthetic Maya art particularly recommends itself. Stone Figure Stone Head Palenque Stela Copan THE HOUSE OF CONOVER Robert Alden Sanborn There was consternation in the house of Price Conover. It was notmingled with grief, nor with sympathy; it was pure consternation whichcontains the same elements as fear but in different proportions, and underthe influence of this emotion some of the guests began to pack their bagsfor departure to the city. The conduct of these few, for a certain embarrasseddecorum restrained the greater number, recoiled upon their heads in theform of petulant comment, so that they sullenly stayed out the day only tomake a weak gesture of defiance to the prevailing opinion by tiptoeing outduring the night to catch the early morning train which took the farmer'smilk into New York. In the overheated car, where gas-lamps mingledsickly yellow rays with the grey frosty dawn, they relaxed, grumbling toone another their relief as the train took them farther and farther fromthe shrill ravings and terrified screams of young Price Conover jr., whosewedding at St. Peter's at high noon a certain unknown boot-legger hadunwittingly prevented.The groom-to-be was not popular with his father's guests. They hadcome to the three day party with the same impersonal alacrity with whichthey would have followed a stranger up an alley had he crooked a finger,winked one eye, and lightly patted his hip-pocket. The difference was thateverything in the elder Conover's cellar had been sealed in the days whenthe government bond meant something.For three days the lights were never switched off, night or day. Themen, all hardy veterans of many a battle with the brains of Kentucky andthe brawn of Scotland, drank until they fell about the billiard and pokertables, and slept where they fell. Later in the day they stumbled up to beds,or were dragged there by servants who, callous as they were, grew sick ofthe job; but no one ever thought or cared to press a button that wouldquench the blazing lights. In the dining room the radiance was strainedthrough grey strata of cigar smoke; in the bedrooms the lamps heated thestale air while men slept like the dead. By night the country folk on theirway home from town pointed to the yellow edges of light along the marginsol the heavy window draperies, and made moral observations on the waysof the rich; by day the house appeared deserted except as pasty-faced, heavy-eyed men in evening dress came out for moments to shiver silentlyand spout foggy breaths on the crisp air.But on the fourth day the lights went out and curtains were raised,and the weather being sunny and more moderate, more men came forthto blink in the pale sunshine and to whisper uncomfortably under the faintlystirring trees. While from a room on the second floor came the janglingyells of a boy afraid to die.This was a Tuesday. The first train, number seventeen, due at nine- thirty but actually arriving at about ten, brought two distinguished medicalmen from New York. Number twenty eight, due at one o'clock, broughtthree more. Both trains were met by Price Conover's mouse-coloredlimousine with the blue trimmings, and the footman in his dark blue liveryand silver buttons bowed the grave doctors into the car and into the presenceof the senior Conover and his friend, Hillyard.All but one of the five most famous specialists in New York weredriven back to the depot in the grey limousine to catch the late afternoontrain for the city. They presented the non-committal appearance of closeddrawers swollen by wet weather, and gave up no secrets to the scrutiny andcocked ears of the curious townsfolk who observed them. The elderConover did not escort them. In his high-posted, oak-pannelled library,with beads of sweat rolling down his sagging cheeks he battled for oneword of hope with the remaining physician."I tell you it's impossible!" he shouted, leaning over the massivemahogany desk with two stubby hands pressed upon the gleaming surface,the fumes from his distorted mouth puffing into the delicate face of thephysician who was seated in the desk chair "Every bottle in my vault wassealed in bond. It was bought and stored away before boot-legging wasan infant industry. Price and I have emptied cases of the stuff and neverfound one selfrespecting headache in the lot. Why, the Conover constitutionis as famous in the liquor trade as the paper my ancestor signed a hundredyears and more ago."And then, as though caught in a panic of fear that his bravado wouldcheck the only voice that could speak the hope he craved, he choked on a sob,and went on in a pitiful croak:"Say, doctor, you can't sit there and tell me that Price — that Priceis going to —"The austere silence of the room lined with books in a perfect stateof preservation was hardly broken but merely etched by the dry voice of the man who raised his eyebrows quizzically as he looked up into thegoggled eyes of the father, and said:"I will give you, Mr. Gonover, my candid opinion. Barring a miracleyour son will not live through another night.""Haven't I told you that it is impossible?" retorted Gonover in arasping tone.The great Keene scanned, not without a flicker of sympathy, thetwitching face of the other, as he replied gently:"Your whiskey may be all that you claim for it, sir. I do not doubtbut that you are an excellent judge of brands. And that being my assump- tion, Mr. Conover, I will let you pass upon the evidence in the case. I warnyou not to taste it; that would not be prudent nor necessary."And so saying he drew from his pocket a pint flask bound in shabbyleather, unscrewed the tarnished silver top, and passed it to the man whoconfronted him. The latter took the suspicious-looking article, his eyesfixed challengingly on the impassive witness, and then with a puzzled glanceat the flask he sniffed of the contents."Where the Hell did you get this?" he exploded. And before theanswer came, he continued: "It's poison! Good God, I'd feed such stuffto the rats that steal my cheese! You don't tell me that my son —""Your son, Mr. Gonover," Keene interrupted, courteously offering hishand for the return of the exhibit, "belongs to another generation whosebrain-cells do not react to the suave virtues that please your old-fashionedtaste. Thus the bootlegger. His underground laboratories produce the morepotent qualities demanded by the youth of today. I found this flask betweenthe mattress and the springs of your son's bed. His valet, I think, tookme for an agent of the government and expected an informer's fee. Yousee," he resumed, weighing the flask in his hand, swishing audibly the scantlablespoonful that remained in it,"I put a few questions to some of yourguests after my first examination of your son, and learned that some timeafter midnight you refused your son the key to your vaults. The storyI hear is that he opened one of your precious bottles by breaking the neckon a radiator, spilling a good deal of its contents on the rug. Upon yourrefusal to hand him the key he struck you, and then, — well, you knowwhat happened. He was carried to his room. It required the combinedservices of several servants and guests, the latter were too drunk to assistmaterially. What happened in his room at a later hour, when he came to and raved for more whiskey has not been divulged. I imagine your guestswho returned to New York early this morning could supply most of themissing details. Some of them Mr. Conover, were well paid for cominghere. The stuff in this flask, vile as it is, comes high."A change had come over Price Conover while the doctor was talking,and in an absent way turning the flask in his hands, a change that thematter-of-fact physician was aware of only when he looked up at theconclusion of his remarks. Conover was standing very erect and in hislittle red-rimmed eyes was flame. The look that he gave the doctor drewthe latter from his chair with a faintly defensive elevation of the eyebrowsas though he prepared himself to receive an affront."What is your fee for this visit?"That tone in Conover's voice was one well known and dreaded by themen who under his furious authority fought with stone and steel and timberin the mighty battles whose monuments dotted lower New York and formedthe wall that was visible far out to sea.'fOf course, Mr. Conover," the suave voice replied, losing nothing ofits gracious smoothness, T shall remain to do what I can to make thelast hours easier."Conover's formidable glare fell upon him. The crash of it resoundedin the doctor's sensitive imagination. Conover snatched a flat square bookout of the litter of papers, opened it violently, and scrawled upon one ofits pages. A jagged strip of paper flapped in his stubby hand. Keene tookthe check and bowed.Relating the incident afterward at dinner in his club, he confessedthat as he walked by the squat bulk of Conover he, the eminent scientist,felt a strange uneasiness and a contempt for the part he had played."How could I have imagined in that man, apparently all fleshy appetite,so vast a paternal feeling? The wonder to me was not that one wild] boywas dying but that any one of the lot was alive after those three daysof bestial drunkenness. What could one death matter in that house? Butit did, tremendously, and I felt it as I turned my back on Conover."What the great physician did not know, because he did not turn tolook back as he left the room, was that as the door closed softly PriceConover groped his way to the desk chair and crashed into it, for themoment as sick and limp as any young mother whose baby strangled withthe croup. And there he sat, his huge head resting heavily on the hands that sprawled upon the desk, when again the door opened and Mrs. Conoverentered.A tall grenadier of a woman, the plumes in her hat arching over likethe top boughs of an elm tree, she peered into the deepening dusk of theroom for a moment before turning loose a volley of words whose heat wassomewhat converted to pleasant uses by the spicy richness of her deepcontralto."Price, are you there?"And receiving, after an impatient pause, but a low hostile grunt, shecontinued in her customary manner of indulgent scolding:"What is this they tell me of the boy? What have you all been upto while I have been working like a dog up town getting the house readyfor the wedding breakfast? A man's drinking himself silly just before hesettles down to a regular life may be according to masculine custom thoughI don't pretend to understand why, but you're his father and you owesome consideration to me. I told you to have him sobered up twenty fourhours before the ceremony, and here you've let him develop a fine case oftremens with only one night to straighten him out in. I've been up anddown stairs for three days, running a small army of servants, answering thephone at least ten times an hour, and here you cook up a nasty scandalfor me to wade into when I get home!"The snapping on of the desk lamp struck a period into Maud Conover'stirade. Her first impression of the face that was lifted into the circle oflight chilled the full ruddy stream in her veins. She came forward andleaned her tall abundant figure over the desk. What she saw was a massof sagging flesh without human expression except for the glint of somemad red fire in the little bloodshot eyes. It was this fire that made hersuddenly go cold all over."Why, Price, you old fool," she presently resumed in padded tones,"I never saw you so upset over a little matter of tremens. Why, bless you,he's had them before, and I suppose he'll have them again so long as theammunition lasts unless his wife is a better mother to him than I have been."In the interval, muffled by the thick walls between them and the roomabove, came a hollow cry, and the image the sound evoked was that ofa starving wolf alone in the bitter night. Maud Conover stiffened and hereyes roved frightfully to the ceiling as though she would penetrate itsdensity. Then with a movement, that was not perceptibly broken into stages of progress she had turned and was out of the room and her steps couldbe heard charging up the stairs.Her husband clambered awkwardly to his feet and went out into thehall. A few of the guests who conventionally remained, partly not to missa single sordid detail of the story that would he received with such a relish bythe other buzzards of their set, turned their pasty faces to their host. Onecame toward him. This was Hillyard, his partner and friend. But beforethe latter could utter the word of consolation that was indicated by theexpression in his eyes, a door above was opened and the cries of Mrs. Conoverarose proclaiming her terror.The effect on her husband was precisely what Hillyard had seen manytimes when a shaking foreman burst into the construction shed bearing sometragic report. Conover squared his ponderous shoulders with the movementof a swimmer breasting the surf; his two fists formed themselves into for- midable mallets. Although none of the apathetic guests stood within sixfeet of him they gave ground instantly and Hillyard's friendly hand wasthrown aside.ffYou're all against me!" snarled Conover, venting even upon his friendthe vehemence of his words, "All my life I have stood alone. I have wonmy battles single-handed. This is the first danger I have ever faced whenI felt the need of some one with the guts to stand up beside me and swapblows with death, and there's not one of you who can put up his hands.I turned the doctors out because they'd no fight in them. If you were notmy guests I'd turn you out after them. So I'm going myself. Stand out ofthe way, Hillyard!"A silence fell upon them all, even upon Mrs. Conover who was poisedat the head of the stairs. The guests exhibited the foolish dismay of anaudience which has unexpectedly been dragged into participation in a dramawithin a drama.Hillyard who had taken a position between Conover and the outsidedoor voiced the general deprecation of the charge launched against them.Conover's answer was to wrap himself in his fur-lined coat, crowd a softhat down over his eyes, and then to face his friend with a determinationominous of instant action. Hillyard knew his partner too well not to preparehimself to move out of the path, but as he shifted his feet he asked:"Where are you going, Price?"Conover's eyes narrowed. "I'm going to look for a man who believesthe boy has got a chance. I don't care if he is a doctor or a butcher. If he's a human being whose blood runs warm, and he'll give me his fist and say,'take this, it's yours, Conover,' I'll hand my case to him and trust him tofight it out with me. Your eyes are telling me I'm a crazy fool, Hillyard.If the boy dies I shall be. And I leave you one more word: if you see mecoming back alone with my head down, you'd better all get out by theback door."With these words Conover did not linger even for his wife who nowcame hurrying down the stairs."Don't go, Price!" she sobbed, "Dont leave me alone with him.""I'm staying with you, Maud," said Hillyard, "I'll help you."He met her at the foot of the stairs as the door crashed behind Conover,and his arms were all that kept her from falling face forward on the floor. Dr. Talbot, the one local physician, had just come in from a fifteenmile excursion up into the hills. He was now stretched out in the lowrocker, his coat off and vest unbuttoned, his red hands resting on the smoothwalnut arms. His generous mouth sagged restfully having been all daytightly compressed in resistance to the stinging snow which had begun tofall that noon. The open door of the air-tight stove exhaled a blissfulstream of heated air and the good doctor puffed gratefully from his tiredlungs. The bustling feet and hands of his wife in the next room wereproducing sounds that heralded the hearty supper that his being comfortablycraved, the experience of twenty three years assuring him that it would bepromptly served.f'Don't you want the lamp lit, Sam? Your paper's come," she calledto him with her customary eagerness to translate every human conditioninto terms of action,ffNo hurry, Alice, it's nice enough as it is. My eyes are tired fromthe snow," he rejoined lazily.But while he drawled reply her pattering steps were heard going downthe hall and presently the front door was opened. Long enough to stimulatehis blood unpleasantly, causing him to wrinkle his brow and to stir in hischair, the door stood open, letting in a cold stream of air. Then it shutslowly and Alice entering spread the paper on a chair before the fire. "It's damp from the snow. It's going to turn to rain, I guess," sheobserved. For an instant she stood before him as though weighingexpedients for quickening his being. If he had been a pillow she wouldhave snatched him up and thumped him into shape. But relinquishingthis fantastic whim she sighed, saying:"There was someone stopping at the gate, Sam. It looked likeMr. Conover. His shape ain't the kind you can mistake even in this light.You don't suppose he was thinking of asking you to look at his son, do you?""I hope not. I'm not bidding for Conover's trade. Not that I wouldn'tgo if he asked me. But he won't. He had three or four big specialists downfrom New York today and pitched them all out, I hear. He's a rough one."His wife sniffed. "I should say he was. Still I think he might haveasked you. Of course I shouldn't want you to go. It would be against theLord's will to help save that boy from the consequences of his sin. I expecthis father paid those city doctors a sight of money."ffl guess he did," replied her husband."Well, I'll have supper ready in a minute." She was halfway to thehall when she paused to say over her shoulder, "They ran those trampsover the town line, didn't they?""Huh?" Talbot ejaculated out of a thick doze. "Oh, yes, the wobblies.Yes, I thought it was kind of tough, they weren't doing any particular harm.""Harm!" Mrs. Talbot turned and stood righteously rigid, "if youdon't call preaching to young folks to turn against the gov'ment and preten- ding to cure sick folks, harm, then you got no business to be on the schoolcommittee, Sam Talbot. Sarah Cole says this 'Brother Simon' is as dirtyas a pig. She says you could smell them all.""Yes, I saw him," the doctor yawned, "Ben Higbie told him he'd givehim a comb and a cake of soap if he'd take the rheumatism out of his littletoe." Sam laughed gently. "But the fellow made a good answer. He toldBen that was the right spirit, to give the thing he needed most. It's funny,though. He laid his hands on Annie Marks and her mother said she stoppedcoughing right away. That was one on me because I couldn't do it withmedicine. I'd like to see more of the man. If the selectmen hadn't beenso much in a hurry I'd have asked him up to dinner. He looked as if hewanted a square meal.""I guess you wouldn't do nothing of the kind," retorted his wife,"you're too easy with that sort, Sam. Dinner! not while I cook your meals, you wouldn't. I wonder where they'll go to now. It's a pretty mean night.Well, land's sake, you must be nearly starving. I'll put the supper on in justa minute."There was no further sound but the bustling of distant feet and therustle of settling coals. Sam Talbot's breathing rasped like a rusty saw ona frosty morning. Peters, the garage man, possessed a voice as resonant as an elephant'strumpet. His little office was on the sidewalk at the front of his garage.The drawn shade was a deep orange from the light inside. Even throughthe closed and frostpainted window you could hear his every word as youpassed by."Never made a bit of a fuss," he was saying, "listened to Timmy stutterthe warrant and went off dragging their cart. The fellow they call 'BrotherSimon' stayed inside, never even peeked out as they went off down the road.Only two had overcoats."Ben Higbie's voice was shrill and carried almost as clearly throughthe glass as Peters'."Did you hear what I said to the fakir? Said if they could cureConover's son of drinking whiskey they could make a barrel of money.Wa'nt that a good tip? This 'Simon' never cracked a smile. Said whatthe Lord wanted him to do He would send to him."There was a flat silence in place of the laughter that Ben Higbieseemed to expect for presently he continued and in his tone was a traceof asperity."Cured Annie Marks," he snarled, "mother claimed she had consump- tion. But I happen to know she caught cold two months ago lying out inthe snow with 'Nigger' Blake'." He paused and this time some one laughedfoolishly. "I'll bet a dollar she'll be coughing harder than ever in themorning."The jangle of voices died away on the ears of a squatty person bundledin a huge fur-lined coat as he crunched off over the frozen snow. It was as Mrs. Talbot had predicted. At about ten o'clock that nightthere could be no doubt that the moisture stinging one's cheeks was no longer snowflakes but the drops of a cold rain. But after being out a certaintime one's face became numb and then one minded less whether snow orrain was falling, especially when one had some grave matter to think about.Close into town the road was wide and here the ruts crossed and criss-crossedas the farm wagons had diverged from the rural roads, while farther outinto the country the road was narrow and there were just two deep wheeltracks. Added to this fact that the night was unrelieved by moon or starand that the scattered houses stood too far back to shed a portion of theirinner glow upon the way, there was enough to discourage one from ven- turing on the shortest errand from the house, even so far as to the barnor woodshed.The town line crossed the road nearly four miles from the Conovermansion. Had there been an actual line it would have been blotted out bythe waste increment of snow, and it was only in an effort to regain hisbalance that Price Conover stumbled upon the small granite post — lettered"W" on one side and "N" on the other — which was swollen into a whitehump by the roadside. He shook the wet snow from his sleeves, and some- what to his surprise checking the oaths that bubbled to his lips, lookedanxiously about him. At first he saw nothing but the unbroken gloom andthen some distance off to his right he made out a faint orange reflectionon the slope. To this evidence of the nearness of what he sought waspresently added the companionable click of a typewriter. His imaginationthus assisted he imaged the dark outline of a barn faintly projected on thesky. Dragging his feet out of the half-frozen snow he set off in the directionfrom which the sounds came.Four men by their grave absorption in secretarial labors had createdin one corner of the abandoned barn the aspect and atmosphere of a businessoffice. A lantern with a yellowed glass chimney hung on a nail over theirheads and tinged with a fiction of warmth their hollowed cheeks. Theirsolemnity was that of starved children feebly asserting their given right toplay who, however unequal the adverse odds, yet radiate in some esotericmanner a quiet glow of happiness indicative of faith. So deeply engagedwere these men that Conover's shuffling steps attracted no attention, andthe dozen or more others who lay crumpled in the moulding hay slept on."Today 'Brother Simon' preached to a group of men working on theroad and a few children on their way to school. The Master picked up oneof the children and held him on His shoulder, saying, 'You and I know whereto find God, don't we, kiddie?' The child smiled and fingered the brassring in the Master's ear. The Master gave it to him." The one who stroked the typewriter glanced up. "What do you thinkabout our going through Newtown in the morning, Tom?"The other levelled an accusing look from his black eyes upon the manat the machine. "You mean, fßed', that you're afraid they'll make goodtheir threat? This jail business is getting on your nerves, isn't it?"His companion observed a patient silence and lowered his head insubmission to perpetual misunderstanding. "It's not for myself, Tom, andyou know it,"he replied doggedly."Well, the Master has no fear. He's got us out of jails before just byletting His light shine. Prison walls are His dish."A muffled exclamation from the hay startled the four men. They shotpointed glances toward the open door and saw the black bulk of a strangerwhose unsteady movements had led him to prod one of the sleepers withhis foot. Something in the massive stolidity of the man conveyed authority,and the man called "Red" rose to his slender height and curved his armdefensively about the carriage of the typewriter. His stronger brother ad- vanced a step thrusting out his lean jaw menacingty, while one of the twoothers flung a sweeping glance over the sleepers as though he thought ofrallying the little army; the fourth man ranged himself beside Tom. Fora moment there was tense silence; on one side it was the panting desperationof the hunted, on the other the unspoken appeal of a statue in which waskindled the spark of a desire to become human. Then Gonover coughedand cleared his throat."I came to see —" he croaked, and coughed again. A violent shuddershook his pompous frame. "I came from Winsted. I walked. I heard that— I came about a boy —"A rustle of relief passed from one to the other of the four, and a softconfusion of clicking sounds stirred the raw air of the barn as "Red" droppedback upon his box letting his open palm fall upon the keys of the machine.From one corner of Tom's mouth a pained smile started and ran jaggedlyup to the other corner."That's a fine coat you're wearing," he said, "It cost, I guess, about1200 dollars. I used to take that kind out of the stores and get away withit. You don't need us."Conover dropped his eyes and scanned the broad thick collar as thoughhe saw it for the first time. With the back of his hand he wiped away thefringe of ice that hung from his eyelashes. "You don't mean —" he said, looking up into Tom's forbidding blackeyes, "that —?""My meaning," pursued Tom relentlessly, "is in the eighteenth chapterof St. Luke, twenty-second verse. When you've licked that up you've gotthe first lesson of your education. fSell all that thou hast, and distributeunto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven.' You and yourkind have run us out of town after town and given us no shelter but yourjails. It's up to you to suffer the way we have."The man, "Red", had crept close to his leader's side and now laida hand upon his ragged sleeve. The look that Tom flashed upon his gentlerfellow carried rebuke, but "Red" did not flinch."Look at him, Tom. Don't you see he's cold and wretched? The manhas come a long way on foot, Tom, and he isn't used to this kind ofweather as we are. He's done his bit, surely. Perhaps if the Master justtouched him —"The words appeared to touch a spot in Tom that he strove to guardfor he turned upon his friend with a hot flush of anger that warmedhis wasted cheeks. "He isn't worthy, 'Red', to have the Master waked forhim. You go back to your typewriter!"But it was Tom's look that wavered to one side after a brief periodin which the two men challenged one another and "Red" stepping into thedusk that lay about the small circle of lantern light presently returnedbearing a small armful of hay. This he heaped upon the floor besideGonover, saying:"You'll find some warmth in that, sir, if you wrap it about you. You'llhave to wait a moment. I won't be long," and he went quickly out ofthe barn.Tom, muttering dissent, took the box vacated by his companion, whilethe other two looked down at his face with curious expressions of sympathy.Gonover remained standing, his face partly turned to the black space of thenight outlined by the doorway. Then he looked again to the seated figureof his inquisitor."You don't believe what I say?" he asked."I don't believe any man that has no belief in him," replied Tomsullenly. "Why didn't you take the chance you had down in Winsted?Afraid of what the town would say, weren't you?" "The town? Hell!" growled Conover, with an outburst of his habitualcontempt for his fellow man, "No! I don't know a soul in it. I don'tknow what goes on there. I live in my own house and mind my business.I guess," he went 011 more humbly, "I'm as homeless and disliked in thattown as you are."The other's chin was brought up with a jerk and his cold eyes ranthrough Conover like the freezing dampness of the night."So you're the man, are you?" he said, "I know you now. Some smartfool put us on to you, the man who feeds his son strong drink. Well, you'vecome to the wrong doctor.""We all make mistakes," began Conover weakly but stopped, feelingthat no answer was coming from the man whose face was turned away asthough denying the temptation of his softer impulses. Conover shifted hisfeet so that he faced the door but failing in the courage to bear his problemalone into the night he wheeled and raised his clenched fists above his head."If the man you call your 'Master' isn't twice the man you are thenI've come for nothing!" he roared and ramped like a goaded bull, "I don'task him for a thing but to give me his fist, and — Say, do you fellows letthis man speak for the lot of you?" And his little red eyes roved from oneto the other of the dim figures settled in the straw, some of whom werenow awake and blinking drowsily."Aw, go lie down with yourself! You're drunk," grumbled one fromout the dusk.It was "Red" who stilled the tempest of passion that possessed thedesperate man. "He'll see you, sir," he whispered, "He wasn't asleep, Hewas praying, and He heard you, sir, and asked if you would come to Him." The little cart stood out in the yard, its wheels frozen into the thicken- ing crust. In the tipsy light of the lantern that swung in "Red's" hand thecart appeared like some useless thing deserted by its owner years ago.Conover, overstrained more by the high tension of a mind unused toimaginative adventure than by the physical fatigue of his excursion, felta rising quiver of irritability, and heard the voice of his practical self pro- claiming him a fool. Almost in disgust his sullen eyes surveyed the pre- posterous cart canting away from him on the rough hillside. 'He's a little peculiar this time of night," said "Red" softly, as theyhalted at the foot of the steps that ran up from the ground to the levelof the cart floor. He might have been referring to some caged animalof rare breed, except that a note of tenderness in his voice implied that itwas a poor sick child who was within the cramped interior."It is His time for calling up the power for His day's work andordinarily we wouldn't think of bothering Him. It's not that He's asleep.We don't think He often sleeps. He likes to have one of us stay up withHim outside, all night long, listening. Sometimes He wants to talk. Othertimes He never makes a sound. I hope you'll be patient, sir, if you haveto wait for what you want."frOh, let me go in and have it over," Conover interrupted harshly,setting one foot on the lower step and putting forth one hand in resistanceto any protest that his guide might have made. But the other only steppedrespectfully to one side as Conover's weight upon the step cracked witha sharp report the ice that bound one wheel. The first sensation he experienced as he felt his way inside andcrouched near the door was of the astonishing warmth in the place. Theunexpectedness of this sensation startled him nor could he distinguish anygleam of fire that would account for it. As the light from the lantern waveredoff toward the barn and the dead weight of the night shut down upon himGonover had need to muster all his courage to keep from crying out his fear.A door of steel had silently been shut and locked between him and thefreedom of the cold earth, and about him stretched the infinite territory ofthe unknown, and, to his mind, the ever unknowable. Only a brute tenacityof courage sustained him and a habit of sticking to his course no matterwhat the odds against him.And as he persisted in his vigil the fear subsided. The grateful warmthloosened the fluid substance in the frozen channels of memory and suddenlyhe thought of his son and welcomed the thought that seemed to have returnedfrom a long journey. Then together with this memory his mind leapedforward in long waves of speculation into the future where there wereshining stars that became worlds of hope as progress brought them nearer.Soon Conover had forgotten that he was waiting for anything in parti- cular. He forgot that there was a future distinct from the present and even that the past was past. This did not seem at all remarkable but natural.It was natural too that the wall of darkness expanded tremendously andbroke and that it was a morning in spring, a curved blue morning, andthat the earth was a sphere within a sphere of light. The earth was hisson and he was the light running up and down the years of his son's lifelike a child playing on a flight of stairs. Then the light fled with a sighand hid in the dark corner of a room and spoke to him.The sound of the voice split Price Gonover evenly into two parts. Onepart stood upright but ashamed and trembling; the other part crouchedand braced itself to fight. The latter was himself, that he knew; the otherhe did not know. Over in the dark corner lay Price, his son. The uprightself tried to cross the step or two between them but the crouching onedragged at the ankles of the other and held him back. There was someone with Price who soothed him with measured words.The words also had a strength that steadied the upright self of thefather until like a childlike thing he dared to take a step. As he wentforward that crouching thing behind him gave up the struggle and, as thoughdiscouraged, slipped out of the cramped space, down to the frozen ground,and off into the night. Again he felt the crust break beneath his feet. Heslid and stumbled in a rut. The branches of the trees grew sharp and blackagainst the paling sky.But the upright self of the man, now straight and tall, stood lookingdown upon the face of his son and upon the composed features of the youthplayed the light that had fled into the corner with a sigh. The light shonefrom the eyes of a man who said: "Except ye see signs and wonders, yewill not believe."Then these eyes were turned up to the shamed face of the fatherand the worn face of the man they called "The Master" became youngwith tenderness.ffGo thy way, thy son liveth." And it was with these words in hisears that the door of his house was opened, and Hillyard said: ffl thoughtthat you were not alone, Price, and I know that you walked with yourhead up." The raw whiskey warmed his blood and cleared the confusion in hisbrain. The logs blazing on the hearth became real things to him. The face of his wife was real to him as she looked, frowning anxiously overthe edge of her glass, and smiled a strained smile as his eyes met hers."It's all right, Price," she said, nodding her head, and under hissombre gaze the fear ebbed from her eyes, and she caught her breath witha sob. The stuff in his glass suddenly filled him with a sick distaste."Where the Hell did I get this?" he growled, looking down on thebrown fluid that seemed to him to gleam mockingly back at him.Maud laughed shrilly. Her laugh had a thinness in unexpected con- trast to her rich speaking voice."Don't you know your own brand? Well, that's pretty good. If Iwere you, Price, I'd get to bed. Here, some of you boys help him upstairsand off with his clothes. Look at that coat, will you, all ice when he camein and now it's dripping water by the bucketfull."Gonover's comment was to pick up his glass and fling it into the fire.There was a muffled crash, a hiss that was like a cat spitting, and in theheart of the roaring logs sprang a transparent blue flame. Conover staggeredto his feet and glowered upon them all."What are you all sitting there grinning at me for? Why don't youtell me what I want to know? Where's my son?"There was a panicky movement amongst the pallid guests and thesudden stir disclosed another man who sat slouched in a morris chairwhich was drawn close beside the fire. A suggestion of youth dwelt some- where in him but his face was soft and swollen like Gonover's and hisflesh sagged. As the firelight struck upon it, he started spasmodically andhis eyes opened on the massive bulk of Price Gonover who tiptoed towardhim. The latter came to an abrupt halt as the dulled eyes of the otherfixed upon him. The young man laughed."Oh, so it's you, Dad. You're not going to hit me as hard as youdid night before last, are you? Say, you didn't think I drank any of thatbootleg? That was Henry's flask. Honest, I never touched a drop of thestuff. It must have been the punch you landed on me that put me out.What do you say we shake, Dad?"Price Conover, the elder, sneered."I suppose I didn't tramp about ten miles in the snow last night,either; and talk rot with a bunch of crazy fanatics up there in the woods?Well, some one can get me another glass, and fill it, and we'll see whocan get the drunkest before noon." 2 2 * Altar, West Side Quirigua Palace: East Wing of Upper Range Labna PURSUIT Matthew Josephson "O-hi! O-hel tous mes ennemis sorit deroutestoutes les cigales et les petits millepiedss'en vont s'enfuient en chantantvers le bout de I'arc en del dans les champs " I. I sang in the morning, having arisen, a song-bird, from my dream- less sleep amid the shadows of the abyss. The low sun fullin the face set me off at a burning flight.I searched for her throughout the town, scanned all faces, sentemissaries everywhere. No one found her. No one knew her.Happiness lay firmly on my brows. I scarcely knew her. In theend she came to my table and, holding my hand, she said:— I have not slept all night. I have not slept all night, my friend,said she. Says he:— You have not slept, he says. Says he: you have not slept?He says. Says he. II. Looking up between her two deadly arms I saw the mountainsfloundering lustily around the valley.— I have never been able to endure the mountains embrace eachother, I cried. The mist steamed up from their green arm-pits.— I shall never be alone. I am the white foam of the long cataractwhich from beginning to end is not the color of water. Forgive me. This gesture of my hands was to crush yesterdaythe bald head of the man which is the prow of a ship withwarts upon it. But from his ears the anchor falls twice abouthis nose and it all leans forward with an incorrigible momen- tum. III. He followed me up the stairs and turnedand stared,gave me a jellied smile from his widemouth;and as I passed the door he rolled his eyes,he flung an invitation from his pencilledeyes —Defamation! Indecorum! IniquitousReprehensible Mr. Excrement!while I looked pensively down and by hisAlpine costume sawT the bare anddimpled knees peeping out.Ha-ha, he shrilly. Ho-ho, I roared himback.Ribald libidinous lickerish Mr. Excrement!It was at nightfall, my dear, a blood red evening, how I shudderat the horror of that dusk: the swallows flew screaming overthe roofs and the bats in and out so quick and low I shut myeyes standing in the window of the old tower. IV. O Valkyries we are tumbling and trundling red-handedly alongthe river on our way to the Pelleponesian Wars I suppose. Little stop-at-every-eorner locomotive when o when have Iever deposed that I was subject to vertigo have I ever deniedmy love of motion for its own sake as for instance the visiblewind in the wheat fields?O wheels that do not turn. O wheels in the brain cease to turn.Why don't they hurry I shall simply shriek to sit so stead- fastly before an inert landscape.O whizzing dynamo set spinning the vast wheelbelts of this worldthe long rods in flight down the cool oiled cylinders.O heart O Vesuvius.O destroying speed of descent and escape.O sun omnipotent motor drive with infinite velocity the solar orbsin accelerated dispersion. NIGGER Margaret Evans Sunday is God's day in Whitcomb, Indiana. The summer sun slapsheat upon it, presses down broad sheets of heat to lie on the flat fields ofgoldening grain which fringe it. But Whitcomb, nerveless and tired, lieson the prairie like a thing relaxed, empty of troubles for a time under thesky of God and in his presence. A rhythmic silence, rising from its quietness,softly accents its mood of peace. Peace wraps Whitcomb and those wholive there, and draws them to a union with the peace of God.Wayne Street lies resting in Whitcomb. Like a pavement flooringa streak of sky, it stretches through Whitcomb between two rows of homesand shops: incurious, passive, glaringly white, it lies relaxed and silent.Four stores, out of the four blocks of shops which line it, are open onSunday; these are the three Drug Stores, and the fourth is Frank's SmokeHouse.Inside Frank's Smoke House, up in the front around the soft drinksfountain, some men are standing in a ragged spread of tobacco smoke. Thesmoke is a screen which shields an anger: anger like an impersonal force;anger maintaining the peace of Whitcomb; dynamic anger whirring; twistingthe current it generates from one mind to another in the torn smoke.Cash Zeik, white-jacketed behind the fountain: "Damn that nigger!Did you see him, Frame, when he asked for them cigarettes? I'm dingedif I'll wait on a nigger!"Frame turned his gaze slowly from the window fronting WayneStreet, and focused it on Cash Zeik. "What's the nigger doing in our town?"His question drew a group of animated answers to it.ffHe come in last evening, and Tomy Stevens seen him in the Restau- rant. Tomy rented him the room above the tailor shop. Tomy'd go tohell for the price of a drink.""He told Tomy he was an expert mechanic and had worked in a garagein Chicago. Tomy says he went over to Jim's early this morning. Reckonhe wants to get a job there.""But Jim'ud already went to Sunday school." "He's one of them fresh niggers; he's got a look on 'im that makesyou want to get at 'im. .. . Dressed like a dude and thinks he's asgood as a white man."Frame leaned against the marble counter and looked leisurely at themen who had answered him. He drawled his words; they came out flatand heavy and fell through the smoke. "Well, we'll not have no niggersm this town. This is a town for white people, and nobody'll stand forhaving a nigger here. The place for niggers is down South where theybelong; ain't got no right coming up here and trying to mix in.",fI seen in a paper last week how they advertised for a lynchingsomewhere in Georgia. They ain't so wild for 'em down there. Niggersought to have sense enough to go back to Africa where they belong."Reminiscence took over the thoughts of two or three in the group."Say, Cash, do you remember that good-looking nigger girl that Andrewsbrought with 'em for a nurse when they come up from Nashville to visither father?"Gash Zeik, behind the fountain, grinned crookedly and winked. "Say!She was a peach! Helen Henry and the rest of her bunch brought her inhere for a Buffalo Sundae, and that nigger girl was the best looking onein the crowd. That was the first time I seen her." His sentence stoppeditself with laughter. "Oh, well, she was a girl, and she wasn't much ofa nigger, either; she was more than half white."The words sank into short silence, while purpose entered the moodof the group: so strong it seemed to be a person itself, and stood, unseenbut unconsciously felt, in a corner near the soft drinks fountain. It stood,staring quietly out into Wayne Street. . . The sun strikes impotent on Whitcomb; tumbles limp on screens ofleaves, which filter it gently through to fall in little dots and slashes onupper Wayne Street. Doors softly bang; girls softly move; from com- fortable porches hums the murmur of blended voices talking. Life swingsslowly in rhythm with the leisurely peace of God.Down upper Wayne Street a man is walking. Like a pebble droppedin windless water, he moves, the center of ripples, down Wayne Street.Little silent spreading ripples move out from his steps to silence the humof the porches: and as he tramples on slices of sun down the sidewalk, a throng of disembodied stares come out from the houses to join him andgo along beside his consciousness.Eyes clouded on a sultry present, he hurried down W'ayne Street.The people he passed stared scornfully at the tall Negro, tailored, bronzed,with sensitive mouth and rounded chin and eyes which carried a thought.It stood back in his eyes and watched them; through the cloud of hisfeelings it shaped itself full and hinted that color does not detrimentallystain the mind of a man. The light from the Smoke House pushed through the windows tolighten a little the wet blackness of Wayne Street."Who'd of thought we'd have a rain after a day as fine as this?It'll be bad for the wheat if it keeps on this hard." Frame leaned againstthe marble counter and reasoned leisurely within the mold that held histhought.The pungent odor of drying cloth numbed sense in the minds ofthe men.Gash Zeik, working with the fountain taps, looked up to ask: "Niggerstill in town?""Tomy said he seen him in the Restaurant at supper time.""Say, is Jim going to give him a job?"Bill Henry said he thought maybe he would. He sort of kicks atthe idea of having a nigger around, but he's short on men since thatWilliams quit.""They ain't five decent men in town'll stand for it, if Bill knowswhat he's talking about and Jim gives him a job." Gash Zeik speeded thedynamo and the current flowed faster from mind to mind.Frame turned his gaze from the soaked blackness of Wayne Streetand focused it on a memory he held. "Remember that nigger they had inMilo three years back? The nigger come along with a circus and the townlooked good to him so he thought he'd stay. And a lot of men got togetherand wrote him a note saying he'd better beat it. And the poor fish tookit over to Pete Grawton's Lunch Room and asked Pete did he think theymeant it; and Pete says yes. He was one of the ones that wrote it. Butthe nigger tried to stay anyhow.""Damned nigger!" ffA crowd of 'em pulled him out a bed that night and dragged himdown to the river in his night shirt. And tarred him and stuck him ontoa pole and jounced him over the river with some ropes till he fell in.A nigger's like a cat—you can't kill 'em. This one run away from Miloin his night shirt."The men laughed as though they saw him running. . . Then rigidsilence stiffened the room.ffl seen the nigger going upstairs to his room about eight." Someonestuck words into stillness.Frame livened and loudened the pondering silence. "We'll not haveno niggers in this town! This is a town for white people and we'll nothave no niggers herel"Anger whirring, destructive flowing, twisted the words in the smoke.Fore-thinking, intending, it guided Frame out on to Wayne Street. Lightoutlined him there for an instant while the group shaped itself in the light- pricked blackness. Purpose—so strong it seemed to be a person itself—cameout to head the crowd, and they went purposefully away.Wayne Street, after the heavy rain, lay incurious, passive, shiningblack, stuck straight through the night that darkens Whitcomb. SYMPOSIUM THE DESTRUCTION OF TENOCHTITLAN William Carlos Williams Upon the orchidean beauty of the new world the old rushed inevitablyto revenge itself after the Italian's return. Such things occur in secret.Though men may be possessed by beauty while they work that is all theyknow of it or of their own terrible hands; they do not fathom the forceswhich carry them. Spain cannot be blamed for the crassness of thediscoverers. They moved out across the seas stirred by instincts, ancientbeyond thought as the depths they were crossing, which they obeyed underthe names of King or Christ or whatever it might be, while they watchedthe recreative New unfolding itself miraculously before them, before them,deafened and blinded. Steering beyond familiar horizons they were driven toseek perhaps self-justification for victorious wars against Arab and Moor; butthese things are the surface only. At the back, as it remains, it was theevil of the whole world; it was the perennial disappointment which follows,like smoke, the bursting of ideas. It was the spirit of malice which underliesmen's lives and against which nothing offers resistance. And bitter as thethought may be that Tenochtitlan, the barbaric city, its people, its geniuswherever found should have been crushed out because of the awkwardnames men give their emptiness, yet it was no man's fault. It was theforce of the pack whom the dead drive. Cortez was neither malicious,stupid nor blind but a conqueror like other conquerors. Courageous almostbeyond precedent, tactful, resourceful in misfortune, he was a man of geniussuperbly suited to his task. What his hand touched went down in spiteof him. He was one among the rest. Velasquez, the Cuban Governorwho sent him out, traitorously attacked him from the rear a week after- ward. His own captains would have deserted him, so hard was he tofollow. But the entire enterprise lived for many years on the verge ofbeing allowed to languish, ruin to succeed destruction, because of thefortuitous anger which blossomed so naively, so mysteriously in Fonseca,Bishop of Burgos, President of the Council of the Indies. This the man,Cortez' most powerful enemy, already so notorious for the spiteful male- volence with which he thwarted the views of Columbus — a logic clearer had there been two Fonsecas instead of the one. After a rough voyagefrom Cuba, across the gulf, Gortez landed his small force safely beforewhat is now Vera Cruz, near the native city of Cempoal. There lest hismen should desert him in view of the hardships which lay ahead, he hadhis vessels beached, under pretext of their being no longer seaworthy, anddestroyed them.Montezuma immediately sent gifts, at the same time begging theSpaniard not to risk coming up into the back country: a gold necklaceof seven pieces, set with many gems like small rubies, a hundred andeighty-three emeralds and ten fine pearls, and hung with twenty sevenlittle bells of gold. — Two wheels, one of gold like the sun and the otherof silver with the image of the moon upon it, made of plates of thosemetals, twenty-eight hands in circumference, with figures of animals andother things in bas relief, finished with great skill and ingenuity. — Aheadpiece of wood and gold, adorned with gems, from which hung twentyfive little bells of gold and on it, instead of plume, a green bird with eyes,beak and feet of gold. — Several shoes of the skin of deer, sewed withgold thread, the soles of which were made of blue and white stones ofa brilliant appearance. — A shield of wood and leather, with little bellshanging to it and covered with plates of gold, in the middle of which wascut the image of the god of war between four heads of a lion, a tiger, aneagle and an owl represented alive with their hair and feathers. — Twentyfour curious and beautiful shields of gold, of feathers and very small pearls,and four of feathers and silver only. — Four fishes, two ducks and someother birds of molten gold. — A large mirror adorned with gold and manysmall. — Mitres and crowns of feathers and gold ornamented withpearls and gems. — Several large plumes of beautiful feathers, fretted withgold and small pearls. — Several fans of gold and silver mixed together;others of feathers only, of different forms and sizes. — A variety of cottonmantles, some all white, others chequered with white and black, or red,green, yellow and blue; on the outside rough like shaggy cloth and withindestitute of color and nap. — A number of underwaistcoats, handkerchiefs,counterpanes, tapestries and carpets of cotton, the workmanship superiorto the materials of which they were composed. — And books made oftablets with a smooth surface for writing which being joined might befolded together or stretched out to a considerable length, "the charactersinscribed thereon resembling nothing so much as Egyptian hieroglyphics."— But Cortez was unwilling to turn back; rather these things whetted'his appetite for the adventure. Without more ado he sent letters to hisking advising him that having come to these lands to conquer them, in the royal name and that of the true church, he would forthwith proceed to takeMontezuma, dead or alive, unless he should accept the faith and acknow- ledge himself a subject to the Spanish throne.The advance was like any similar military enterprise: it accomplishedits purpose. Surmounting every difficulty Cortez went his way into thecountry past the quiet cempoalan maizefields, past the smoking summitof Popocatepetl until, after weeks of labor, he arrived upon the great lakesand the small cities in them adjoining Tenochtitlan itself. Montezumaseeing that there was nothing else for it, sent envoys accompanied by threehundred warriors, who met the Spaniard advancing on the lake road andthere welcomed him to the district with great ceremony and show offriendliness. Noticeable among them was one young man of magnificentappearance who descended from his litter and walked to meet the Conquerorwhile his followers ran before him, picking up stones and other smallobstructions which lay in his path. Cortez now passed over his firstcauseway into one of the lesser lake cities, built of well-hewn stone sheerfrom the water. He was overcome with wonder. The houses were soexcellently put together, so well decorated with cloths and carven wood,so embellished with metalwork and other marks of a beautiful civilisation;the people were so gracious; there were such gardens, such trees, suchconservatories of flowers that nothing like it had ever been seen or imagined.At the house where the Conqueror was entertained that day and night heespecially noted a pool built of stone into the clear waters of which stonesteps descended while round it were paven paths lined with sweet-smellingshrubs and plants and trees of all sorts. Also he noted the well stockedkitchen garden. The following day at noon he arrived at the end ofhis journey.There it lay! a city as large as Cordova or Seville, entirely within thelake two miles from the mainland: Tenochtitlan. Four avenues or entrancesled to it all formed of artificial causeways. Along the most easterly of these,constructed of great beams perfectly hewn and fitted together, and measuringtwo spears-lengths in width, the Christian advanced. Running in at oneside of the city and out at the other this avenue constituted at the sametime its principal street. As Cortez drew nearer he saw, right and left,magnificent houses and temples, close to the walls of which, each side,moved parallel rows of priests in black robes and between them, supportedby two attendants, Montezuma, on foot, down the center of the roadway.Cortez stepped forward but the attendants interceded. The Emperor thenadvanced alone and with great simpleness of manner placed a golden chainabout the Christian's neck. Then taking him by the hand, and the whole procession following, he conducted him to the quarters which had beenchosen for the visitors, a great building close to the royal palaces in thecenter of the city. Everything had been prepared in advance: all thematerial needs together with rich gifts, as before: precious metals, gems,male and female apparel of remarkable elegance, ornamental hangings forbed-chambers, tapestries for halls and temples, counterpanes composed offeathers interwoven with cotton and many beautiful and curious artificesffof so costly and unusual workmanship that considering their noveltyand wonderful beauty no price could be set on them." Here in this largebuilding whose great hall was to serve the Spaniards for barracks fromthat time until the end, Montezuma and Gortez found themselves seatedat last face to face. Montezuma spoke: They have told you that I possesshouses with walls of gold and many other such things and that I ama god or make myself one. The houses you see are of stone and lime andearth. — Then opening his robe: You see that I am composed of fleshand bone like yourselves and that I am mortal and palpable to the touch. —To this smiling sally, so full of gentleness and amused irony, Cortez couldreply nothing save to demand that the man declare himself a subject of theSpanish King forthwith and that, furthermore, he should then and thereannounce publicly his allegiance to the new power. — Whatever the Aztecmight have felt during the weeks of Cortez' slow advance upon his capitalfrom the seashore, nothing at the present moment seemed to disturb hisaristocratic reserve. He had thought and he had made up his mind.Without semblance of anger, fear or impatience; without humility or protestbut with the force bred of a determination to face at any cost a situationfast going beyond his control, he spoke again. He explained that his peoplewere not the aborigines of the land but that they had emigrated there intimes past and ended by accepting the Spanish Monarch as his rightfuland hereditary master. After due announcements and explanations hadbeen made to the people Gortez became the acknowledged regent, in thename of Castille and the true church, for all that country.Streets, public squares, markets, temples, palaces, the city spread itsdark life upon the earth of a new world, rooted there, sensitive to itsrichest beauty, but so completely removed from those foreign contactswhich harden and protect, that at the very breath of conquest it vanished.The whole world of its unique associations sank back into the ground tobe reenkindled, never. Never, at least, save in spirit; a spirit mysterious,constructive, independant, puissant with natural wealth, light if it may beas feathers, a spirit lost in that soil. Scarcely an element in the city'sincredible organization but evidenced an intellectual vigor full of resource and delicacy which had given it distinction. Half land and half water thestreets were navigated by canoes and bridged at the intersections bystructures of great timbers over which ten horses could go abreast. Forwater supply a masonry pipe, two paces broad and five feet high, ranfrom the mainland over one of the great causeways, carrying excellentdrinking water. There were two such aqueducts, side by side, each to beused alternately while the other was cleaning. There were public squares,and one of great size surrounded by porticos where daily sixty thousandsouls engaged in buying and selling under the supervision of twelve centralmagistrates and numbers of inspectors. Here f'everything which the worldaffords" was offered for purchase, from the personal services of laborersand porters to the last refinements of bijouterie; gold, silver, lead, brass,copper, tin; wrought and unwrought stone, bricks burnt and unburnt,timber hewn and unhewn, of different sorts; game of every variety, fowls,quails, partridges, wild ducks, parrots, pigeons, reed-birds, sparrows, eagles,hawks, owls, likewise the skins of some birds of prey with their feathers,head, beak and claws; rabbits, hares, deer and little dogs, wThich theyraised for eating; wood and coals in abundance and brasiers of earthenwarefor burning coals; mats of various kinds; all kinds of green vegetables,especially onions, leeks, watercresses, nasturtium, sorrel, artichokes andgolden thistle; fruits, fish, honey, grain—either whole, in the form of flouror baked into loaves; different kinds of cotton thread of all colors; jars,jugs, pots and an endless variety of vessels, all made of fine clay, mostof them glazed and painted; eggs, cakes, pates of birds and fish; winefrom the maguey; finally everything that could be found throughout thewhole country was sold there, each kind of merchandise in a separate streetor quarter of the market assigned to it exclusively and thus the best orderwas preserved. There was an herb street, there were shops where theyshaved and washed the head, and restaurateurs who furnished food anddrink at a price.Large numbers of temples existed throughout the great city but forgrandeur and excellence of architectural detail one far surpassed the rest.Forty towers, lofty and well built, rose from within its sacred precinct,the largest of which, constructed of hewn stone remarkably hard in texture,had fifty steps leading to its main body. A mass higher than the cathedralof Seville. Three halls of wonderful extent and height, adorned with figuressculptured in wood and stone, contained the principal idols. And fromthese, through very small doors, opened the chapels, to which no light wasadmitted, nor any person except the priests, and not all of them. Decoratedwith curious imagery in stone, the woodwork carved in relief and painted with figures of monsters and other things, unpaved, darkened and blood- stained, it was in these chapels that the religious practices which so shockedthe Christian were performed. Here it was that the tribe's deep feeling fora reality that stems back into the permanence of remote origins had itsfirmhold. It was the earthward thrust of their logic; blood and earth; therealization of their primal and continuous identity with the ground itself,where everything is fixed in darkness. The priests in black robes, tribalmen, never cutting or combing the hair; the instinctive exclusion ofwomen from all places of worship; the debarring of priests fromfemale society: it was a ceremonial acknowledgment of the deep sexlessurge of life itself, the hungry animal, underlying all other power; themysterious secret of existence whose cruel beauty they, the living, inheritedfrom the dead. The same for their sculpture. It is the mystery of thepast which monsters, grotesques, beasts combined with the human, trulysignify; gentle animal associations distorted by the invasions of night; andnot a debased instinct whose reliance is necessarily upon oppression andfear. The earth is black and it is there: only art advances. The figures ofthe idols themselves were of extra-human size and composed, significantly,of a paste of seeds and leguminous plants, commonly used for food, groundand mixed together and kneaded with human blood, the whole whencompleted being consecrated with a bath of blood from the heart of a livingvictim. The chief of these idols Gortez precipitated from their pedestalsand cast down the temple steps; an act of extraordinary daring; at thesame time purifying the chapels and setting up in them images of Our Ladyand the saints. Such a stroke could not fail to have proved of the mostserious consequence to all had not Montezuma again displayed his tact,self control and remarkable grasp of the changing situation. The newstate of affairs was accepted, human sacrifice was abolished and the orderlysignificance of the events taking place was publicly made evident. Inperson, together with many of the principal citizens, he, Montezuma,assisted at the final purification of the chapels. Whether or not this beevidence on the Aztec's part of weakness or the deepest forbearance, surelynothing like it for quiet flexibility of temper and retained dignity has everbeen recorded. Perhaps by a sudden, daring stroke this man might haverid himself of the intestine enemy who was each day, each week strikingdeeper at the nation's life. Perhaps fear had unmanned him. Perhapswhat we call forbearance was no more than the timidity which is anoverwhelming agony of heart inspired by the sight of a resistless forceaimed at our destruction. Still, if this be so, Montezuma has left no traceof cowardice upon the records. But weakling or genius, about the suave personality of this barbaric chieftain the liveliest, most airily expansivemoods of the race did flower, just as the black permanence of tribal under- standing stood rooted in the priesthood. Perhaps it was a conscious know- ledge of this that inspired and moved Montezuma in the present action.Surely no other prince has lived, or will ever live, in such state as didthis American cacique. The whole waking aspirations of his people, opposedto and completing their religious sense, seemed to come off in him andin him alone: the drive upward, toward the sun and the stars. He wasthe very person of their ornate dreams, so delicate, so prismatically colorful,so full of tinkling sounds and rhythms, so tireless of invention. Never wassuch a surface lifted above the isolate blackness of such profound savagery.It is delightful to know that Montezuma changed his clothes four timesa day, donning four different suits, entirely new, which he never woreagain; that at meals he was served in a great cleans wept chamber on matsupon the floor, his food being kept warm in chafing dishes containing livecoals; that at meals he sat upon a small cushion "curiously wrought ofleather." But nowhere in his state was the stark power of beauty, therefined and the barbaric, so exquisitely expressed as in his smaller palacesand places of amusement. "What can be more wonderful than that abarbarous monarch, as he is, should have every object in his domain imitatedin gold, silver, precious stones and feathers; the gold and silver beingwrought so naturally as not to be surpassed by any smith in the world;the stone work executed with such perfection that it is difficult to conceivewhat instruments could have been used, and the feather work superior tothe finest productions in wax and embroidery." "There is one palace,inferior to the rest, attached to which is a beautiful garden with balconiesextending over it supported by marble columns and having a floor formedof jasper elegantly inlaid. Belonging to it are ten pools, in which are keptthe different species of water birds found in the country, all domesticated:for the sea birds there are pools of salt water and for the river birds, freshwater. Each species being supplied with the food natural to it when wild.Over the pools are corridors and galleries, to which Montezuma resorts,and from which he can look out and amuse himself with the sight of thebirds there." "In an apartment of the same palace there are men, womenand children whose faces, bodies, hair, eyebrows and eyelashes were whitefrom birth." "The Emperor has another very beautiful palace, with a largecourtyard, paved with handsome flags in the style of a chessboard. Thereare cages about nine feet in height and six paces square, each of whichis half covered with a roof of tiles, and the other half has over it a woodengrate, skillfully made. Every cage contains a bird of prey, of all species." "In the same palace there are several large halls on the ground floor, filledwith immense cages built of heavy pieces of timber, well put together, inwhich are kept lions, wolves, foxes and a great variety of other animalsof the cat kind." "The care of these animals and birds is assigned to threehundred men." Daily the Emperor's wine cellar and larder were opento all who wished to eat and drink. His meals were served by three or fourhundred youths who brought on an infinite variety of dishes; indeedwhenever he dined or supped, the table was loaded with every kind of fish,flesh, fruits and vegetables which the country afforded. Both at thebeginning and end of every meal they furnished water for the hands, andthe napkins used on these occasions were never employed a second time.And then the end: Gortez had demanded gold from the first. Tosatisfy him, small groups of two Spaniards and two Indians, bearing theproper credentials, had been despatched about the Aztec's domain, todistances in some cases of several hundred miles, that the tribute becollected. On one of these forays the two Christians were killed. Gortezimmediately seized the person of Montezuma, together with his daughtersand sons, imprisoning them in the garrison-fortress. From that time onit was merely a matter of detail and of time as to what form the finalcatastrophe would take. Events shifted back and forth until in May, sevenmonths after the Spaniards' first entrance to the city, the people laid siegeto the intolerable intruders, determined to have done with them. In answerto shouts from outside, Montezuma, a prisoner within, had appeared onthe ramparts of the besieged fortress whence he implored his people to giveover their attacks. In reply he was struck on the head by a stone whichkilled him. Only the horse and the ordnance saved the Christians on thatmemorable retreat across the great causeway. Fighting madly to escapewith some remnant of his forces through the masses of the enemy, and toretain at the same time his prisoners and treasure, Cortez lost everything.The children of Montezuma, the gold, everything perished over thesides of the breached and beleaguered avenue across the lake down whichihe Spaniards retreated, foot by foot, with swarms of Indians flingingthemselves continually upon them. They escaped. Some months later theyreturned and continued the destruction, this time deliberately and withcalculated malintention. Tenochtitlan surrounded, the water supply cut off,the augmented Spanish forces began to burrow forward and after weeksof desperate effort they succeeded in their plans. It was the horses the Indiansfeared most. At one time they had Cortez in their very hands only to havethem cut off at the wrists by his followers. But nothing could bemusethem now. They knew now what it all meant and they opposed themselves to the intruder inflexibly and without murmur until the end. Neither theoverwhelming means used against them, their desertion by friends of thenearby tribes, the lack of water, starvation nor attempts to inspire them withfear, made the slightest impression. To every advance made inviting themto parley they had but the one answer: no! Gortez, dejected, seeing thatit would be necessary to exterminate them before he could succeed in takingthe city and dreading the horror of such a course, decided with reluctance,in order to impress them, to burn the noble edifices in the great square whichhad served Montezuma for aviarys. "It grieved me much but it grievedthe enemy more." Each day he heard mass and returned to the city torenew the attack upon the now nearly starved inhabitants who had retreatedto the market quarter and there still held out. At one time during a success- ful sally the Indians had killed two of the Spanish horses and in great spiritshad sent the severed heads by messengers in canoes to the surroundingtribes for them to come to the rescue, but none dared. Most had alreadyjoined the Christian in his irresistible purpose. But Guatemotzin, the youngnephew of Montezuma, would not give in. Women and children reducedto the last extremity by hunger and privation were wandering dazed aboutthe streets when the Spaniards had made their final charge. But Guate- motzin, taken captive from a boat in an effort to get to the mainland, stillmaintained his pride and integrity of spirit. He had done all that he couldand he was beaten. Placing his hand upon the hilt of Cortez* dagger heasked the Spaniard to draw it and plunge it into his heart. Cortez refused.Later the Conqueror tried to rebuild the city. Viva quien vence! Portion of the Facade Showing Simplified Masks Kabah Sealed Portal Vault Uxmal MORNING Kay Boyle Morning creeps in across his hair. The pallid fingersOf an old nun stroking a forehead.Morning curves and lingersOn the pillow, white as someone dead,On blue even shadows where his head lay sleeping.His eyes are new at daybreak,The smooth wings of a new moth moving in sunlightOn full locust blossom. EyesThat can be dull, old, sightwise,Things used too often, a long headacheHolding no great promise. I say:"The wind is blowing the gold curtain — see!"I feel untarnished. The unembittered wayA mood of laughter splashes, free.I am afraidThat I am loving things with pain:Blue mountains on the window-sill, the shadeBurnt gold behind the gold hung curtain.There is nothing quite so nearAs eyes. I say:"We have waited every yearFor this when we awaken. Every dayWill then hereafter be a repetition. Gold growingCopper as the mornings spread;A farmer sowingCorn, blood-red, In new-ploughed fields . . His eyes lift,Shattering beauty on the naked floor;Once moreI remember things I bore of pain.Always my life in his handIn the sunlight, in the long hair of rain.I must rise . . . and not understand.Hear footsteps across the sky, lightly, of someone running.I must sing, make breakfast without surprise,As someone who sees danger coming,And cannot move,And lifts a hand to cover both his eyes. FUGITIVES Charles Galwey The vulgarized sea persists the symbol of futility confrontedwith ironies.The January German ship to Spain and Italy carried globe- trotters. They tried to return home by escaping from it.The old man and the old woman had money, which theyused in running away from death. No cruelty in life had toldthem the ugliness of old age running away.Their youth had disbelieved in death. Old age was quaint- ness color in vigorous pictures. Sometimes they shuddered —in pity of themselves. They then called this grief.Death was real now.Frailness of the old woman, careful erectness of many years,she trembled but marched to the captain's table, proud, gentlydefiant. Intricacy shimmering perforations and scrolls of whitelace partly under a shawl Roman violence in zones purple scarletgreen over indrawing shrink of shoulders, copper shield fromEgyptian tomb pinching too large folds to projections of bonesbrittle — sequence of each night laces shawls strange jewelspallid pleading wrinkles deep eyes sunk back to girlhood simplewords sophisticated travel the aptness of appraising idle steamerchairs not unkindly fastened to her "Queen of Sheba".Next at the table the old man "Disraeli". Elaboration offlowing tailoring close to the little body collars languid droopgreat black tie below prescience parchment of skin summonedfrom 1850 Drury Lane Grisi Bulwer Lytton young Victoria coni- calness of swathed heavily dotted women punctiliousness of sen- 4 timental men. Dye of drooping mustache over remaining canineteeth yellow. Red veins in eyes of flat bright light ochre at corners.Putrescence clutched at him and sent his courageous heart torefuge in a pose a grotesque worldliness and innocent mischief.The steamer rapidly repelled the meaningless deep threatof waves.A blindness imminence inexorable went on in it somewherethe end of the two old people's flight.Blizzard sifting New York liberty statue shroud snow warmerdays sun Azores unexpectedly arose slowly sank down to tropichaze the cataract wisps spilled from cliffs.Blue.The Queen of Sheba bore irridescence faint coquetry remi- niscent light perfume insinuating. Woman's old age loses tragedyonly in vileness. Otherwise time unreckoned forgotten in child- birth inconsequential whether realized or implicit yield latencyof guessed glory to the old after impossibilities of many years.Her ship comrade, the old man she hated.Reversion to feminine lure intensified fragility.Years do not exist for the old.The captain had a red beard. Paunch beer bloated. Slitblue eyes remorselessly looked down table. Teutonic purulenceand grossness of the gesture obliterating; the jest of death. Heroared Rabelais.The flat breasted bride and sales manager husband from cock- sure west and immensities forges automobiles hams advertisingthey brought an efficient god awarding the immortality of youthalso of vulgarity.Opposite to captain the chief engineer integration of con- tempt no waver in steel face more than in steel glasses. He shoneexactness aloofness caste polished engine mimicked gestures ofa man.The cardinal returning to Rome touched all with a queerred flame. Woman's delicacy long hands nerves muscles raised. Sensitive graciousness and unmoving courteous calm of certaintruth in dogma liturgy robes.The priest commented the feminine sublimated over centuriesages.Superb sterility proud exalted birth significant above irre- levant death.Under heave of rust, black and red paint, splitting to upwardcurves of foam seas coming to the steel wedge vibrating a forwardplunge depths of maggot nest poverty swarmed up to sunlight.The swarm held at the impassable barrier, the first cabin deckhouse under the high white bridge. Round ports of the houseupon scarlet green purple of campagna smeared into filth. Or atnight from glitter silver napery white comfort gay flowers disksof black skies sifting inwards scraping of a cheap violin and waverof Sicilian Neapolitan song.The cabin passengers liked hints of lower existence.The old man and woman heard through the ports softcrashes of seas a lulling implication of permanence poignantthrough treachery and falseness. A reminder of their moneyhelped to secure grasp of privilege and refuge from an indis- criminate imminence.They were safe from the irony of the poor too crowded inproximity for flight.Unheeding the impassable barrier white teeth dusky gaietyof Italy the laugh of a son returning with old parents from CocaCola bananas shiny apples oranges peanuts under glare of waver- ing tin lamp and rattle of the ffL". A showman at the center ofa careless universe shot into the voyage the reminder lurking ina symbolic sea.The boy's laugh stiffened to a grin and the old emigrants wept.Insufficiency of incandescent bulbs. The cardinal monsignorelace gold IHS a canvascovered coffin squared out on the main deckfrom shadows. The captain impervious his silence holding Teutonic sneer atthe lewdness of death.A priest read Latin prayers, arches of the Vulgate soundedthrough Italianate accents.Tawny close spun wrinkles of emigrant and old wife drewinto grimaces less grief than confidence, content. A scarlet car- dinal a monsignor nasal intoning unintelligible prayer a swiftsudden glide through the open square port depths more depthsslow descent the launching of the box they made a festival.Disraeli and the Queen of Sheba watched in the pale glare.Irony slid close they felt the chill and smiled.Andalusian dawn gleamed less tenuous than rose petal uponcloud piles purple heavy weightier than black.Gibraltar drew to dimness snow of New York blues of seasAzores routine shipboard confused them made all timeless.Algeciras, hills of violets clustering a perfume, shouts of dri- vers urging red and yellow ribbanded donkeys to white town.Silence.Stopped beat of engineer's mysterious creatures hidden belowcalm after endless break of seas.Another German ship bulked in fluent tremble and the dawninversions purple and rose in the bay.Flanked against its black, a lighter swung a derrick to anopen square port, the ropes caught a gray painted box, it loomedout into the sparkle, sun and sea.A quarrel and revolver shot in steerage from Italy. The RegioCommissario was returning home.The lighter went to the other ship. The cardinal awaited withmonsignore the derrick's sullen lift of the gray box hung in air.The captain's beard flamed from the bridge. The engineer wassteel. Disraeli and the Queen of Sheba stared quietly. Even yetthey could flee.Arms linked comfortably the sales manager and his wife. Lingering miles of alignment of cork woods, women in violettwilight finding tortuous ways with fire burning sticks glare fadingof moorish castles on granite cliffs, at last the steamer was shut out.Illusion lovableness calm certainty reiterated through agesSpain yet a persistence of figures seen from a canvas fenced com- panion way.Flight, unheeded ironies.Weird wrought gargoyles of the sea watching immobile. CIRCLE Elsa von Freitag-Loringhoven Where youth?No find her.InsteadFindWhat grewMyself.Longing?Death hilaritySphinxInexorable.BehindSerpentI waitRound. Terra Cotta Figurines Honduras, Guatemala and Mexico Stone Relief THE HIGH HAT Louis Gilmore The tulipsStick out their tonguesAt meThey utterRed exclamationsAs I passI am indifferentI regard themIncuriouslyYet I hearVery wellWhat they are saying WEAR Gertrude Stein No not that and peculiarly, if you push the reason of beingmiddle sized into the extreme little piece and you select actualendeavor, if you select actual endeavor, if you select, actual en- deavor, the notion of religion, the notion of religion and peculiarlynotice and peculiarly notice restless walk, if you peculiarly noticerestless walk, if you peculiarly notice restless walk waiting, ifyou sanction meaning, if you represent recognized meadow pieces,if you furnish kites and horses, if you regulate traffic, if youmention other causes, all this does prejudice one against respon- sibility and lectures, and lessons, it further notices mistakes.Poisons, Poisons are the means, minds are the means, oldsuns are the means, besides are the means. It is nugatory.Fishes. Fishes are the means.Did the war make you dash right in.Or series. I did not guess why the expected elongated anglemade a particular shadow speck. I expect it did.I asked them about wash. They said washing. I cannotthink that we can be unauthorized.She went away and said that if I would not ask why therewas a weeding of plain little pulled dahlias, she would not offerto cook.He used to borrow a bicycle.It isn't of much account anyhow. It was an enormous in- justice. Excellent specimen. Reasonable readiness. All parti- culars. THE SPRINGS OF GUILTY SONG Hart Crane Brazen hypnotics glitter here;Glee shifts from foot to foot,Magnetic to their tremulo.This crashing opera bouffe,Blest excursion! this ricochetFrom roof to roof —Know, Olympians, we are breathlessWhile nigger cupids scour the stars!A thousand light shrugs balance usThrough snarling hails of melody.White shadows slip across the floorSplayed like cards from a loose handRhythmic ellipses lead into cantersUntil somewhere a rooster banters.Greet naively — yet intrepidlyNew soothings, new amazementsThat cornets introduce at every turnAnd you may fall downstairs with meWith perfect grace and equanimity:Or, plaintively scud past shoresWhere, by strange harmonic lawsAll relatives, serene and cool,Sit rocked in patent arm chairs. O, I have known metallic paradisesWhere cuckoos clucked to finchesAbove the deft catastrophes of drums;While titters hailed the groans of deathBeneath gyrating awnings I have seenThe incunabula of the divine grotesque.This music has a reassuring way.The siren of the springs of guilty song —Let us take her on the incandescent waxStriated with nuances, nervositiesThat we are heir to: she is still so young.We cannot frown upon her as she smiles,Dipping here in this cultivated stormAmong slim skaters of the gardened skies. HYMEN Marianne Moore Dr. Mahaffy says in his essay ffThe Principles of the Art of Con- versation," that artificiality is an evidence of some kind of dishonesty. Un- doubtedly respect for the essence of a thing makes expression simple andin reading the present collection of poems by H. D., the hasty mind isabashed by the measure of intention and the exacting sincerity which prevailfrom the beginning to the end of the volume. Mr. Glenway Wescott praisesthe sternness of H. D.'s translations. "No race of men ever subsisted onsweet rhetorical distinction," he says and in her work, it is life denudedof subterfuge—it is the clean violence of truth that we have. Only as oneisolates portions of the work, does one perceive the magic and compressedenergy of the author's imagination, actuality in such lines as the following,being lost in the sense of spectacle:"dark islands in a seaof grey olive or wild white olivecut with the sudden cypress shafts;"fingers "wrought of ironto wrest from earthsecrets; strong to protect,strong to keep back the winter."One recognizes here, the artist—the mind which creates what it needsfor its own subsistence and propitiates nothing, willing—indeed wishing toseem to find its only counterpart in the elements; yet in this case as in thecase of any true artist, reserve is a concomitant of intense feeling, not thecause of it. In H. D.'s work, there is not so much reserve as insistenceupon certain qualities; nature in its acute aspects is to her, a symbol offreedom. A liking for surf for instance, makes the contemplation of stillwater seem like loathing as in Swinburne when one recalls his comparison of Ghilde Harold and Don Juan: "They are like lake water and sea water;the one is yielding, fluent, invariable: the other has in it a life and pulse,a sting and swell, which touch and excite the nerves like fire or like music;the ripple flags and falls in loose lazy lines, the foam flies wide of any mark,and the breakers collapse here and there in sudden ruin and violent failure.But the violence and weakness of the sea are preferable to the smooth soundand equable security of a lake."In the following lines as in H. D.'s work throughout, wiry diction,accurate observation and a homogeneous colour sense are joint phases ofunequivocal faithfulness to fact:"Though Sparta enter Athens,Thebes wreck Sparta,each changes as water,salt, rising to wreak terrorand fall back;""a broken rockclatters across the steep shelfof the mountain slope,sudden and swiftand breaks as it clatters downinto the hollow breachof the dried water course."Colour and careful detail may arrest without commanding, but here—physical beauty emends other beauties and H. D.'s concept of colour makesit hard to disassociate ideas from the pageant that we have of objects andhues—Egyptian gold and silver work, a harmonious, tempera-like processionof dyes and craftsmanship—of these "flecks of amber on the dolphin's back,""white cedar and black cedar," "the shore burned with a lizard blue,""the light shadow print cast through the petals of the yellow iris flower,"in"the paved parapet" on which "you will step carefully from amberstones to onyx." In this instinctive ritual of beauty, at once old and modern,one is reminded of the supernatural yellows of China—of an aesthetic con- sciousness which values simultaneously, ivory and the chiselled ivory ofspeech, finding "in the hardness of jade, the firmness of the intelligence; inits sound with the peculiarity of ceasing abruptly, the emblem of music,in the sharpness of its angles, justice; in its splendour, the sky and in itssubstance, the earth." "Beauty is set apart," H. D. says: "Beauty is cast by the seaa barren rock,beauty is set aboutwith wrecks of ships,upon our coast, death keepsthe shallows—death waitsclutching toward usfrom the deeps."In the bleakness as in the opulence of "The Islands'1 from which theabove lines are token, one remembers Ezekiel's Tyre, "a barren rock, a placefor the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea—" the Tyre which comman- ded with her wares, "emeralds, purple and broidered work, fine linen, coraland rubies, horses, war-horses, wine and white wool, bright iron, cassiaand calamus, precious cloths for riding, horns of ivory and ebony, wares inwrappings of blue and broidered work and in chests of rich apparel boundwith cords and made of cedar—replenished and made very glorious in theheart of the seas."Talk of weapons and the tendency to match one's intellectual andemotional vigour with the violence of nature, give a martial, an apparentlymasculine tone to such writing as H. D.'s, the more so that women are re- garded as belonging necessarily to either of two classes—that of the in- tellectual free lance or that of the eternally sleeping beauty, effortless yeteffective in the indestructible limestone keep of domesticity. Woman tendsunconsciously to be the aesthetic norm of intellectual home life and pre- eminently in the case of H. D., we have the intellectual, social woman, non- public and "feminine." There is, however, a connection between weaponsand beauty. Cowardice and beauty are at swords' points and in H. D.'swork, suggested by the absence of subterfuge, cowardice and the ambition todominate by brute force, we have heroics which do not confuse trans- cendence with domination and which in their indestructibleness, are thecore of tranquillity and of intellectual equilibrium. COMMENT PASCIN'S AMERICA Malcolm Cowley Afterwards Pascin travelled in America. He might have descendedfrom the boat into an adventure story by Jack London, with miners, red- skins and sentimental businessmen. He might have descended into anotherlegend, current formerly in Paris, of a country which manufactures every- thing in bulk and exports, in bulk, tourists and cocktails. He might havedisembarked in any of a hundred legends and, after making a necessarycompromise with fact, have kept the legend for himself. As a matter offact he landed in Florida and painted pictures of lazy niggers playing cardsover the sands.He travelled West, not into the pages of Zane Grey but into Texas.Later in New York he saw a ghetto which was not created by Waldo Frankand excursion steamers which nobody created. Arriving in Boston by a newFall River Line and at 9 :03 on the second day of the police strike. Every- where he sketched.He did not paint the wheels or skyscrapers one might expect ofa modern artist; he painted people. He painted them in groups as a rule,but his interest in a group was the individuals which composed it; in otherwords he was neither futurist nor unanimist but human. His method waspartly a choice of the significant gesture, so that he expressed authorityby the angle of a rifle and race by the position of an eyeball. Partly hismethod was a savant distortion by which, having chosen the essentialcharacteristics of his subject, he magnified them boldly. One name forthis is caricature, I suppose; another is history.The people he drew, if caricatured, are four-square and three-dimen- sional. Their implications are social, economic, personal, for into his workPascin puts all his experience, all his knowledge, and not a circumscribedportion labelled Aesthetics. Drawing is not his second or fifth language;it is his only language; he uses it to express everything he has seen, withthe result that his portfolio of watercolours forms a whole world anda New World; it is Pascin's America.Before Walt Whitman America hardly existed; to him we owe thepioneers, the open spaces, in general the poetry of square miles. Bret Hartecreated California and Twain the Mississippi. Woodrow Wilson, Chaplin,the James brothers; each created a separate America, an America which frightened pleasantly or amused us, a Godrighteous America for which wefortunately did not die. America is a conception which must be renewedeach morning with the papers. It is not one conception but a million whichchange daily, which melt daily into one another. Pascin's America is moreinteresting, perhaps more durable than the rest, because more colourful,more vulgar, and more plastic.It is an America peopled by none of the characters with which FamousPlayers and Realart have made us familiar. There are no cowboys; noarrowcollar lads or prettily-pouting debutantes. There is a single travellingsalesman, but caught in an unexpected attitude; he enters the washroomof a Pullman with collar and tie draped over his brown derby; he wouldhardly make copy for Rupert Hughes When Pascin borrows heturns to the authors of ragtime lyrics. He draws a black Petronius waitingfor the taxi which will bear him to the Darktown Strutters' Ball. He drawsthe guests of That Yiddish Wedding Jubilee and, naked under kimonas,the parlour-house whores, maybe the very ones who stole from lovingFrankie her man that did her wrong.Pascin paints the Irish in Boston and not in the West; Jews in NewYork and not in Florida; Florida niggers and Mexicans in Texas; every- where races and professions that are socially declassed, socially unembar- rassed; perhaps he finds them the best commentary on a civilization.Pascin paints a team of burros; behind him the mountains south ofthe Rio Grande, gigantically looming, and an old Mexican driver with hishead overtopping the mountains. Never will he return O never to hishappy revolutions Pascin paints stevedores over a game of craps.A hand reaches out for the bones; it is maybe the spirit of gamblingsymbolized, but it remains a skinny nigger hand He paints twomilitiamen during the Boston police strike: chest elevated, eyes lookingforward, gun sloping at an angle of 45°, erect shoulders that bear the wholeauthority of the State A sad-faced Irishman in the Bronx Express;behind him a pasted copy of the Subway Sun with a portrait of the lateTheodore P. Shonts Coney Island wriggles with bathers; the seais hidden or it would swallow them all; women wear bathing suits whoshouldn't and their breasts loom like Anthony's Nose over the Hudson. . . . .And Mrs. Sadkowich; typical of Pascin's heroines there is Rebecca Sadko- wich on her week-end party; she gnaws at a leg of chicken while herstraw-hatted sons crowd round her and the boat moves slowly up theriver to the tune of Bright Eyes and towards an unattained Bear Mountain. POEMS: MARIANNE MOORE M. J. Let us admit to begin with that the great shortcoming of Americanwomen is their brutality, their coarseness, as seen in manners, gowns,habits, books, dew-daws. American women, for the most part are shock- ingly beautiful, but all dress alike, repeat dreadful old saws from varietyshows, chew gum, and lack humility while lacking originality. Theirstandard-fabricated souls have been set to lyrics by such poetesses asSara Teasdale and Edna Millay. These people, whether they go horsebackriding or play tennis or wear low-heeled shoes have no shame and haveno pride.Amy Lowell and Gertrude Stein are arch-types who bustle throughthe multitude. One is silent and embarassed before Amy Lowell: she wasthe nymph of many a rosy American youth for long years. The din ofGertrude Stein's barbarous chants rises relentlessly: one may succeed inbeing indifferent to it with taut muscles.There is, otherwise, Marianne Moore, a rebuke to our heedlesswomanhood: the humility that goes with knowledge — the pride that goeswith sensibility. Emotion in her is calcined to a thin ash. Poetry assumesthe air of unaffected conversation, of quiet altercation. There is no sob,no throwing back of the hair with disheveled hands. There is great mysteryand great tranquillity. The mysticism of Lewis Car oil:"... .deeper than the seawhen it proffers flattery in exchange for hemp,rye, flax, horses, platinum, timber and fur."But she is too difficult to quote. Best in a long poem about fish orelephants or disagreeable cousins, where motion is so subjectively visionedthat it becomes significantly distorted. Indeed the refinement which shepractises is almost oppressive — as she pauses before a conclusion fromsome observation and relates it more slowly and definitely so that its sugges- tions widen out like ripples in a dark pool — or as she wraps herself ina torment of words:"Feed me also, River God,lest by diminished vitality and ablatedvigilance, I become food for crocodiles —"or as she "quotes" some commonplace phrase of the man in the street. The declamatory tone falls into the purest traditions of the Englishlanguage. The genius of that language is evoked most formidably insustained passages of Tamerlane the Great, Antony and Cleopatra, andParadise Lost, albeit with the clanking of an armor that is fallen intodesuetude. This, too, is an age of declaimers; our great rhetoricians intonetheir manifold prophecies from balloon, fence, screen, or incandescent sign,with an informed ardour. The oracle of Marianne Moore, however, is notsubsidized, and adopts more varied tones again; her discontentments, herfainter heresies and criticisms lead to no great matter; yet, to us they areas poignant as the futile sword-brandishing of a Tamerlane. Swayingdesperately in the wind she complains:ffls your town Nineveh? .. .Is it Ninevehand are you Jonahin the sweltering east wind of your wishes?I, myself have stoodthere by the aquarium, lookingat the Statue of Liberty."Her "superiority", as some have called it, comes of her humility beforebrute life, her knowledge that, for example, "this hat lying at the cornerof this table is more important than the Washington Monument!" Thus hermusic may tinkle up from thin glass or gather the formidable rhythms ofa pachyderm in flight; it matters little. Her personality unfolds and unravels,her face becomes more distinct and unforgettable in the wide blur of com- posite American faces. The making public property of a group of Eliot poems in the NovemberDial, is a considerable event, an occasion for curiosity and mingled hopeand fear. For a poet who deliberately adopted a minor tone, Mr. Eliothas had a subtle and farspread influence. Let it be said that this latergroup of poems justifies the almost reluctant repect for him on the partof the younger American and English writers. For, he does move forward,though modestly, from the mood of Prufrock to new terrain, in The Waste- land. One is immediately conscious of a more aggressive lyricism, andto the baffled inhibited pride of the earlier poems are added certain vulgar reverberations from the streets. "A game of Chess" and "What the ThunderSaid" help to round out, for us, an evasive personality which loves futilegestures as much as it does polished verses. Mr. Eliot is very quotable;the last poem escapes, or rather eludes, upon a note of rebellious fantasy:"DaDayadhvam: I have heard the keyTurn in the door and turn once only."whose manner and spirit is delicious. And Mr. Eliot retires in an in- scrutable (shall we say?) mask of Italian, French, Sanskrit and nonsensesyllables.The iambic pentameter is rather of Webster and Jonson, than ofShakespeare; i.e., the lines are embroidered and pompous, the images areviolent or bantering. Yet his prosody and diction are strikingly in accordwith our own tempo, save that there is the familiar (and sorely imitated)air of cynical resignation, of inexplicable hurt, which is rememberedperhaps as the dominant trait of Mr. Eliot. From the very first line, "Aprilis the cruelest month," to the ultimate evasion of the concluding linesof the last poem we have the troubled strain of Prufrock again. This is theNew-England Mr. Eliot who has embraced English culture and good- manners, who swims reverently the London fog. He is reiterating thismood when he writes:"What shall we do tomorrow? What shall we ever do?The hot water at ten.And if it rains, a closed car at four.And we shall play a game of chess,Pressing lidless eyes and waiting for a knock upon the door."One would not hold such lines against a less gifted craftsman. Thereare so few poets whom we expect not to repeat themselves! But I fear thatit is precisely in his most facile moments that he has appealed most andbeen most echoed. His real distinction, his indubitable mastery of a style,have been more difficult to assail, however removed he may be from theless grateful climate of modern America. Grateful acknowledgment is made to Dr. H. J. Spinden of the PeabodyMuseum, from whose excellent book on Maya art most of the illustrationsused in this issue of BROOM have been reproduced. MARIANNE MOORE. "... and America where thereis the little ramshackle victoria in the south, where cigars are smoked on thestreet in the north; where there are no proofreaders, no silkworms, no digressions;the wild man's land; grass-less, links-less, language-less country —in which letters are writtennot in Spanish, not in Greek, not in Latin, not in shorthandbut in plain American which cats and dogs can read!" LES ECRITS NOUVEAUXcom i t e de D irectionEdmond Jaloux, Valery Larbaud, Andre Germain,Philippe Soupaultpublieront pendant l'anne 1923DOU2E ETUDES CRITIQUESAndre Gide, par la Comtessede NoaillesPaul Valery, par la Comtessede NoaillesHenry James, par J. E. BlancheJean Giraudoux, par Edmond JalouxThomas Hardy, par Edmond JalouxBerenson, par Charles Du BosEdmond Jaloux, par Robert de TrazGabriel Miro, par Valery LarbaudPerez de Ayala, par Valery LarbaudThomas Mann, par Felix BerteauxValery Larbaud, par Marcel RayMaurice Barres, par Henride MontherlantProust, par Paul MorandLE NUMERO: TROIS FRANCS• tAbonnementpour la France 30 francspour les autres pays 36 francsREDACTION, ADMINISTRATION ET PUBLICITE100 rue du Faubourg St. HonorePARISDES NOUVELLES DEA. de ChateaubriantT checovBounineAragonMorandDrieu la RochelleHenri de MontherlantMarcel ChaminadeJean Richard-BlochBernard FayMax JacobFrangois MauriacDES POEMES DEla Comtesse de Noailles, Paul Valery,Leon Paul Fargue, Valery Larbaud,Blaise Cendrars, Pierre Reverdy, MaxJacob, Paul Eluard, Philippe Soupault A subcription to THE DRAMAbrings you a year's acquaintance with all that is best in the theatre.It keeps you posted on current developments and gives you aglance into the future.THE DRAMA has much to offer during the coming year manyeffective one-act plays for reading or acting, regular reviews ofthe New York and Chicago productions of significance, news ofthe London, Paris, German and Russian theatres, trenchant discussionof the trend of the theatre in America.yearly subcription to THE DRAMA entitles the subscriber to afull membership in the Drama League of America, and to the manybenefits which may be derived from this association.One Year's Subscription for $ dfiue months trictt subscription for $ 1The Drama Corporation / 59 E. Van Buren St., Chicago MODERNREVIEWMiction — (poetry — CriticismA modern magazine printing nothing,however, that is radical or clever.Published quarterly at Winchester Mass.25 c Per Copy at Bookstands$ 1.00 The year by subscription THE GREATESTTHE BIGGESTTHE BESTHundreds of people found to their keendisappointment that back numbers of someissues of BROOM last year were not pro-curable for love or money, having beenentirely exhausted by the Belated demand.Bookstand readers, occasional or pro-spective readers are sagely warned toSUBSCRIBE BEFOREHAND (at $ 5 a year) AddressBROOM, 3 East Ninth Street, New York S 4 NMONTHLY PUBLICATIONOF THE S 4 N SOCIETYTo promote open-minded considerationof all theories and practices of art andto combat influences hostile to suchconsideration.AMONG ITS CONTRIBUTORSE. E. CummingsKenneth BurkeDavid GreenhoodMax RobinLoring AndrewsGorham B. MunsonReginald MarshTom ChubbRoger SessionsDaniel DourouzeJohn Peale BishopWilliam Rose Ben6tStephen Vincent Ben6tGrace Hazard ConklingHarold VinalOliver JenkinsRobert WithingtonPhilip GrayRichard BassettJosephine ChandlerAnnual Dues (or Subscription): $ 3Address NORMAN FITTS, EditorNORTHAMPTON, MASS., U.S.A. AGAINST THE FAUX BONTHE DIALis a magazine of the creative and the critical arts whichneither publishes nor praises that very bad substitute forfine work, the faux bon.The faux bon always looks a little bit better than goodenough, but only a little bit. It has all the pretensions ofcreative integrity and none of its power. It is Rostandinstead of Shakespeare, Schoenberg instead of Scriabineand the well-groomed, literary impostor instead of thespontaneous creator of lasting, artistic values. It is thetriumph of technique over genius.The faux bon compromises with the semipopular high-brow standards of good form and good taste. The Dialmakes no such compromise. Its only prejudice is in fa-vour of clear thinking in criticism, and the fine expressionof fine things in creative work. It has never rejected amanuscript because the author's name was unknown ortaken one, because the author is famous.The Dial is each month an authoritative record of whatthe creative intelligence of the world is doing. It is liberalin letters. It offers the writers and artists of America com-plete independence from the limitations otherwise imposedupon publication of their work.SPECIAL OFFER:THE DIAL for 1 year $5.00THE DIAL for 1 year and one ofthe following books $ 5.50BABBITTby Sinclair LewisTHE JUDGEby Rebecca WestTHE WASTE LANDby T. S. EliotAARON'S RODby D. H. LawrenceMARIA CHAPDELAINEby Louis HemonTHE ENORMOUS ROOMby E. E. CummingsCIVILIZATION IN THE UNITED STATESby thirty well known American writersTHE DIAL152 West 13 th Street New York CityGentlemen: You may enter my namefor a year's subscription to THE DIALbeginning with the number.Name AddressBook □ I enclose $ 5.50. □ I will remit$ 5.50 on receipt of your bill. TJZake 'Beauty our i'Handmaidenou can buy beautiful things with money and placethem in an environment that robs them of theirmagic.Money is the tool of beauty, not its master. To create beautyone must have a knowledge of its laws and how to use them.What we call "good taste" is a recognition of these laws, in-stinctive or acquired.The Arts &amp; Decoration Practical Home Study Course in In-terior Decoration gives you in a simple, direct and fascinatingway the laws which govern the making of a beautiful roomor a beautiful house, and plain, practical directions showingthe procedure step by step.The course consists of twenty-four semi-monthly lessonswhich cover every phase, artistic and practical, of the ab-sorbing subject. It is essential to a cultural education, anecessity to those who desire to beautify their homes, and ithas an economic justification in that each lesson can savethe total cost of the course.Perhaps the greatest benefit derived from it, in satisfaction,is the capacity to create a home environment that commandsartistic appreciation from authorities and at the same timeexpresses one's own individuality, whose spirit reflects thepossessor.The directors of the course are HAROLD DONALDSONEBERLEIN and NANCY V. Mc CLELLAND. The advisoryBoard, including WILLIAM EMERSON, Director of the Ar-chitectural School, Massachusetts Institute of Technology;HUGER ELLIOTT, Principal of the School, PennsylvaniaMuseum and School of Industrial Arts, Philadelphia; WHIT-NEY WARREN, New York, architect of the Grand CentralTerminal; RICHARD F. BACH, curator of Industrial Art,Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.We shall be glad to send you an illustrated booklet on request.Hrts &amp; Dccoration50 (Cleft 47 tb StreetJVew York City Js Tbrootn too Conservative ?A maiden-lady of advanced age wrote us from the Middle West that the Indian animalsculptures which appeared in the September issue of BROOM were "old stuff."A Philadelph la bank-director revoked his subscription on the grounds that the workof a noted American poetess was unfit to be read by his daughter, aged sixteen.Still another encouraging comment from the deserts of New Mexico reads: "I find BROOMthe best medium for keeping abreast of artistic developments in America and Europe.""Where the critics disagree —" said Wilde, "the artist is in accord with himself." AndBROOM has set itself the task of bringing the new work of living artists in Americaand Europe to the intelligent reading public of America. (Nor has BROOM everunderestimated the taste of that public.) Thus each number of BROOM is adeparture, a fresh adventure winning new plunder for its readers.In the FEBRUARY issue there will be published:A short nove\,'transformations, by Richard Huelsenbeck,a work whose extraordi-nary fantasy and humor recall the qualities of German folk-tales of the Middle Ages.Drawings by the too little known masters, Paul Klee and George Gross, which,suggesting much the same qualities, have an intensely modern consciousness.Two drawings by inmates of a lunatic asylum which possess plastic andimaginative value far in advance of their more normal contemporaries.The Kid, a story by Vsevolod Ivanov, a new Russian writer, who drawsan amazing picture of present-day Russia, with primitive power and simplicity.Red Eric, by William Carlos Williams, the second of a series of histo-rical studies — history as it was certainly never written nor sung!And distinctive American prose and poetry by Carleton Beals, MalcolmCowley, John Crawford, Evelyn Scott, William Gamaliel Shepherd, PaulEldridge, and others.Therefore the heavy demand for backnumbers of BROOM, which entirely exhaustedseveral issues last year, has been not at all surprising. Bookstand readers are warnedto assure themselves of an unbroken series of 1923 BROOMS bySUBSCRIBING NOW$ 5 for One Year's SubscriptionFor America, address BROOM, 3 East Ninth Street, New York.For Europe, address BROOM, 5 Schicklerstrasse, Berlin.