Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 3, No. 1 (1922-08) naap_1922-08_01 Princeton University Library 2 (cover &amp; inside seem to be printed on the same paper; glossy paper for images); paper has watermark ("P. M.") 86 22 32 new pagination images are glued in 6 pages, one of which on glossy paper attached to last inside page, and one on the inside back cover Based on Century inscription in pencil on p. 3: '10-30-35 [name not legible] - gift - cl '28' cover probably in wrappers and inside stiched/sewn but pages are cut Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 3/6 Owned by Sylvia Beach Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Edward Storer edt Lola Ridge edt Broom pbl Librarie de France dst Ernesto Fratoni prt 'L'Universelle' Imprimerie Polyglotte, Roma prt 3 1 August 1922 Headquarters: 68 Via Leccosa, Rome (9), Italy Cecil Palmer Oakley House 14-18 Bloomsbury St. W. C. I London Broom Cover Design Marcoussis cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Exordium to Ducasse Will Bray cre 5 The Lay of Maldoror Comte de Lautréamont cre John Rodker trl 6-16 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 16 NOVEMBERLEVENTH James Daly cre 17-18 Woodcut André Derain cre Illustration 19 French Letters and the War Jacques Rivière cre 19-30 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 30 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 31 Of a Day Yvor Winters cre 31 Drifting Deer Yvor Winters cre 32 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 32 At 125 Boulevard St. Germain Benjamin Péret cre Matthew Josephson trl 33-42 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 42 Peripatetics VI Matthew Josephson cre 43 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 43 Vegetable Classic Matthew Josephson cre 44 Woodcut André Derain cre Illustration 45 Six Characters in Search of an Author Luigi Pirandello cre Edward Storer cre 46-56 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 56 Hula-Hula William Carlos Williams cre 57 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 57 Woodcut André Derain cre Illustration 58 At the Doors Boris Pilniak cre Louis Lozowick trl 59-78 Woodcut Max Weber cre Illustration 77 Woodcut André Derain cre Illustration 78 Les Noces de Clyte John Crawford cre 79 The Woodpecker Corrado Govoni cre E.S. trl 79 Russian Berlin L. L. cre 80-81 Broom Logo Illustration 86 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 83 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 84 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 85 BROOM An Internationai, Magazine op the Arts Published by Harold A. I y oeb. Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Edward Storer. American Editor, Lola Ridge. APPEARS MONTHLY august, 1922 vol. 3, no 1. Cover Design — Marcoussis Exordium to Ducasse — Will Bray 3 The Lay of Maldoror — Comte de Lautreamont . 4 Woodcuts — Max Weber 1 4~75 Novemberleventh — James Daly 15 Woodcut — Andrio Derain (From " I/Enchanteur Pourrissant") 17 French Letters and the War — Jacoues Riviere 18 Poems — Yvor Winters " 30 At 125 Boulevard St. Germain — Benjamin Peret . , 31 Peripatetics VI &amp; Vegetable Classic — Matthew Josephson 4*~42 Woodcut — Andre: Derain - . 43 Six Characters in Search of an Author. Act 111 — Luigi Pirandello ...... 44 Hula-Hula — William Carlos Williams 55 Woodcut — Andre: Derain 56 At the Doors — Boris Pilniak . . . 57 Woodcut — Andre: Derain 76 IvEs Noces de Clyte — John Crawford 77 The Woodpecker — Corrado Govoni 77 Russian Berlin — L. L 78 The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon - sible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is : For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteen shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. Y. April 22, 1922 under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, 68, Via Leccosa, Rome (9), Italy. New York Office, Three East Ninth Street, London Office, Cecil, Palmer, Oakley House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. The Most Important Announcement Made By An American Publisher In Years THE CARRA EDITION OF THE WORKS OF GEORGE MOORE BOOKIyO VERvS and admirers of George Moore have eagerly awaited the announcement of a collected edition of his works. We take great pleasure in announcing that we have completed arrangements for the publication of a definitive subscription edition of his writings, which will be the first unexpurgated and uni- form collection of all of his books which he desires to per- petuate. The author has not only written an entirely new and characteristic preface, but has made textual changes, in most cases of considerable importance, in every one of the works reissued in this new edition. Two of these works, Modern Painting and The Brook Kerith, have been entirely rewritten ; and there are two new books which will appear for the first time in this edition, In Strict Singleness and Peronnik the Fool, Daphnis and Chloe, etc. The set will include such heretofore priva- tely printed titles as A Story-Teller's Holiday, Avowals and Heloise and Ahelard, all of which are now very diffi- cult to obtain, and only at high premiums. New Moore works are likely to be added in the same uniform for- mat from time to time, and the original subscribers to this edition will have the privilege of purchasing them at the first subscription price. The Carra Edition is strictly limited to one thousand number* d sets for sale and twenty-five sets marked A to Y (not for sale). The first volume in each set will be signed by the author. The edition will be printed from special type on pure rag paper and bound uncut with vellum backs and paper board sides. The publishers plan to issue the books in groups of three volumes each, and the first group should be ready by October i, 1922 ; the other groups will be published at intervals of two months. The price will be $ 8.50 per volume, and the pub- lishers reserve the right to advance the price to $ 10.00 per volume after the first publication day. You are urged to place your subscription at once through your bookseller, or direct to the pub- lishers. A special brochure will be mailed on request. In view of the limited number available, an early subscription is desirable to avoid disappointment. Zbc Untimate Uetters Series These volumes are octavo size, printed on English laid paper, with uncut edges, and handsomely bound in library buckram. The editions are strictly limited to 1,500 numbered copies. Each, $4.00. The Twenty Titles in the CARRA EDITION are: Lewis Seymour and Some Women The Mummer's Wife Muslin Spring Days Esther Waters Evelyn Inness Sister Teresa The Lake and The Untilled Field Avowals and Confessions of a Young Man Memoirs of My Dead Life Ave Salve Vale The Brook Kerith A Story-Teller's Holiday Heloise and Abelard In Strict Singleness Peronnik the Fool, Daphnis and Chloe, etc. Impressions and Opinions Modern Painting THE GEORGE SAND - GUSTAVE FLAUBERT LETTERS Translated by AIMEE McKENZIE Introduction by STUART P. SHERMAN These frank and affectionate letters, extending from 1866 to 1876, make an extraordinary fascinat- ing volume. George Sand's family life at Nohant, the old bachelor's solitude at Croisset, meetings in Paris, adventures with publishers and theatrical man- agers, and pungent comment on such friends as Sainte- Beuve, Hugo, Gautier, and Turgenev, are here. THE NIETZSCHE — WAGNER CORRESPONDENCE Edited by ELIZABETH FOERSTER - NIETZSCHE Translated by CAROLINE V. KERR Introduction by H. I,. MENCKEN Here are collected and published for the first time Nietzsche's letters to and from Wagner. The book contains much that is entirely new — in fact, every- thing that could contribute to a true estimate of one of the most remarkable and romantic friendships of the xixth Century. ROBERT HENRI Edited by WIIJJAM YARROW and EOUIS BOUCffik. This first volume in the American Art library is a superb monograph on one of the foremost American ar- tists, and combines a charming resume of his life and work with forty full-page reproductions of his paintings on the finest paper obtainable, without lettering, suitable for mounting. The edition is limited to nine hun- dred and ninety copies. Subscription price, $ 10.00. {Illustrated brochure on application). B0N1 &amp; LIVERIGHT 103 West 4o tb ST. NEW YORK CITY Three Books that are current in the Intellectual Life of Today. Walter Lippmanri* s " Public Opinion" " The most sane and inte- resting discussion of the to- pics involved yet produced in America — Chicago Daily News. A book that is being widely discussed by the thoughtful peo- ple of America. 3£\&gt;elgn SCOtt' 6 2.75, by mail $2.90 A New Book by Clive Bell "Since Cezanne Clive Bell's brilliant and amusing criticism of modern art and aesthetics have made him one of the fore- most exponents of the x philosophy of the newer A new novel by the author \ 1 x 1 of "The Narrow House". \ f° rms ar t. His la- test book is invalu- Here is a novel that expresses in its \ able to the artist insight into human nature, the loss of \ an( j tl loSe who standards, the feverish turbulence of mo- \ u 1 * A dern existence. Through the revelation of \ have a knowledge their mental life Mrs. Scott has created a group \ of art itself, of characters who are unforgettable. $1.75. \ $2.00 HARCOURT, BRACE and Co., i W. 47 th St., New York. The subscription price of BROOM is $5 per year, but for a limited time only we are making the following special offer: (1) BROOM for a year ($5) and Waldo Frank's Rahab (Boni &amp; Liveright, $2). Both for $5. (2) BROOM for a year ($5) and Evelyn Scott's Narcissus (Harcourt, $1.75). Both for $5. (3) BROOM for a year ($5) and D. H. Law- rense's Aaron's Rod (Seltzer, $2). Both for $5. BROOM 3 EAST 9 1 " STREET, NEW YORK CITY For the enclosed $ please send me Broom for a year and the following book . Name Address C 3 EXORDIUM TO DUCASSE The age has been far more reluctant to concede the genius of Isadore Ducasse (" Comte de l,autreamont ", 1850-1870), than is the case, perhaps, of any other of the extraordinary personalities of the past century. His writings, speciously damned as the maunderings of a madman, were regarded up to very recently as having little in - terest, save for the alienist. Spurned thus by the French, there would have been little enough opportunity for that considerable part of the world which reads English to judge of his case, were it not for the enterprise of Mr. Rodker in translating Les Chants de Maldoror. In France, however, the younger generation, which otherwise might well have been stifled by the sterile traditions of the preceding art-period, has taken Ducasse to its heart, and is producing a literature of great fertility, freedom, invention, agres - siveness. It is postulated that the post-war period is, or is to become, a very pregnant one, an age of unrivalled physical attainments and of the desperation born thereof. To the period which has just set in, the personality of Ducasse, like that of Rimbaud, exercises a dominant attraction. These two weie the vaticinal spokesmen for a state of mind whose brutality and beauty none could have foretold. The nineteenth century, again — it always serves as a point of departure — was enmeshed in a vicious cycle of quiddities and casuistries from which the spirit emerged into either an unhealthy Christianity or a hybrid Epicureanism. Ducasse, like Rim - baud, was neither pagan nor Christian. We are extricated from these dreaded cate - gories as we are from the fruitless post hoc ergo propter hoc. The " Songs of Maldoror " form a legend on an heroic scale of the naked human passions working out their destinies. Since we have come to know more familiarly the cavernous recesses of the mind and the momentous play of the unconscious in the diurnal existence, the presumption of a Ducasse becomes pardonable. The contained, complex social nature of man drops off like an outworn robe. There is escape at last from the button-moulder who menaced Peer Gynt. The standard associations of thought are forsworn ; the motivation verges from the most frightful niceties of obser - vation to gestures of gigantic scope, while the human role in the drama of nature be - comes that of Prometheus. Man is a beast again ; his laughter, his weeping, his howling, are as insistent and clamorous as those of the other beasts in the jungle. With the nullification of human reason, the mind abandons itself to a sort of destruc tive sincerity, whereby all may be denied or posited, and nothing is impossible. The gift of song in man becomes atavistic again, chanting against pain, hunger and danger. In Maldoror the incantations assume the rhythm of the baying of hounds, the long swell of sea-waves, or the furious velocity of a life that is consumed like a flame across the sky. Will Bray 4 THE LAY OF MALDOROR First Canto May it please Heaven that the reader, emboldened and become temporarily ferocious like what he is reading, will find his sudden and savage way across the lonely marshes of these sombre and poisoned filled pages without losing himself ; for unless he bring to his reading a rigorous logic and tension of spirit equal at least to his suspicion, the mortal emanation of this book will soak his soul as water does sugar. It is not a good thing for all the world to read the pages which are about to follow ; a few only will, without danger, taste this bitter fruit. Therefore, timid soul, before penetrating further into such unexplored territory, direct your heels backwards and not forwards. I v isten well to what I say to you : direct your heels backwards and not forwards ; like the eyes of a son who respectfully turns away from the august admiration of the maternal visage ; or rather, like a wedge of deeply thoughtful and chilly cranes, who under full sail, fly powerfully through the winter across the silence, towards a certain point 011 the horizon, whence comes suddenly a violent and strange wind, forerunner of the storm. The oldest crane, itself the ' vanguard \ noting this, waves its head like a reasonable person, consequently its beak also is made to clap, and is not pleased (I too would not be happy were I in its place) while its aged neck, featherless and contemporary with three generations of cranes, moves in irritable undulations as presage of the storm which approaches nearer and nearer. After having looked several times coolly about her in all directions with eyes full of exper - ience, the leader prudently (for she it is who has the distinction of showing her tail feathers to the other cranes, her intellectual inferiors) with her watchful cry as of a mournful sentinel; to repulse the common enemy, gracefully turns the point of the geometric figure (it may be a triangle, but the third side which these curious birds of passage form 5 like an experienced captain whether to port or to starboard is not seen) and manoeuvring with wings hardly larger than a sparrow's since she is no fool, takes another and surer philosophical path. By moonlight, near the sea, in remote parts of the countryside, plunged in bitter meditations, one sees everything take 011 yellow, doubtful and fantastic shapes. Now quickly, now slowly, the trees' shadows run, approach and approach again in every shape, flattening themselves, pressing closely to earth. In the past, when I was car - ried away upon the wings of youth, that made me dream, seemed strange to me ; now I am used to it. The wind moans through the leaves wdth languorous notes, and the owl recites its solemn lament making the hair of those who hear it stand on end. Then the dogs, made savage, break their chains, escape from distant farms ; fly through the countryside in all directions, a prey to madness. Suddenly they stop, examine all round them with ferocious disquiet; eyes blazing and like the elephants, which throw round them in the desert one last look at the sky, despairingly raising their trunks before dying, their ears hanging inert; so the dogs leave their ears inert, lifting their heads, puffing out their dreadful necks and in turn like a baby crying with hunger, or like a cat on a roof wounded in the belly, or like a woman about to bring forth, or like a plague-stricken moribund in hospital, or like a young girl singing a noble air; begin to bay the north - ern stars, the eastern stars, the southern stars, the western stars ; the moon, the mountains resembling giant rocks, reclining in darkness; the icy air they inhale deeply from a distance, and which makes the in - sides of their scarlet nostrils burn, the nocturnal silence ; the screech owl carrying off a rat or a frog in its beak, living food, tender for the living ones, in oblique flight brushing their muzzles; the hares disappearing in the twinkling of an eye ; the thief who after his crime flies fast as hoofs will carry him ; snakes disturbing the heather which makes their skin quiver and gnash their teeth ; their own baying which 6 frightens them ; the toads they crush with one snap of the jaw (why did they leave the marsh?) ; the trees whose gently waving leaves are so many uncomprehensible mysteries to them, which they wish to solve with their staring intelligent eyes ; the spiders hanging among their long legs who clamber up trees to save themselves, the crows who could not find anything to eat during the day and who return to the nest with tired wings; the rocks of the shore, the files which appear at the masts of invisible vessels, the hollow noise of waves, the great fish which, swimming show, their black backs, then disappear into the abysm, and man who enslaves them. After which they again rush through the countryside, leaping with bloody paws across ditches, roads, fields, passes and craggy stones. One would think them mad, seeking some waste lake to quench their thirst. Their prolonged baying terrifies nature. Woe to the belated traveller ! The cemeteries' friends will cast themselves upon him, will tear him&gt; will eat him with blood-dripping fangs, for their teeth are not decayed. The wild beasts, not daring to approach and take part in the meal of flesh, fly trembling out of sight. After some hours, the dogs, har - assed by running in all directions, and half dead, tongues hanging from their mouths, without knowing what they are doing, fall with an in - credible swiftness, one upon the other, tearing each other into a thousand pieces. They do not behave thus out of cruelty. Once my mother said to me with glassy eyes, " When from your bed, you hear the baying of dogs in the countryside, hide under the blankets, nor mock their behaviour ; they have an unquenchable thirst for the infinite, like you, like me, like the rest of humanity with long and pallid features. I even permit you to stand in front of the window to observe the spectacle, sublime enough. '' Since then I have observed the dead one's wishes. Tike the dogs, I too feel the need of the infinite ... I cannot, I cannot satisfy this need ! According to what I have been told, I am the son of man and of woman. That astonishes me ! For the rest, what does it matter whence I come ? I thought more of myself. For myself, if it had depended on my own will, I would rather have wished to be the son of 7 the female shark, whose hunger is the friend of tempests, and of the tiger of well known cruelty ; I will not be so malignant. You who look at me, go to a distance, for I exhale a poisonous breath. No one has yet seen the green wrinkles of my forehead, nor the projecting bones of my emaciated face, like the backbone of some great fish, or the rocks, covering the sea shore, or the abrupt alpine mountains, which I often travelled over, when I wore hair of a different color on my head. And when during stormy nights I prowl round the habit - ations of mankind, eyes burning, hair whipped by the storm wind, solitary as a stone in the middle of the road, I cover my withered face with a scrap of velvet, black as the soot which fills the insides of chim - neys ; it would not do for eyes to witness the ugliness that the Supreme Being with a smile of mighty hate, has put upon me. Every morning, when the sun rises — for others, scattering joy and salutary heat to all nature, while no one of my features moves, gazing fixedly into the space filled with shadow, crouching in the depths of my beloved cave, in a despair which intoxicates me like wine, I tear my chest in shreds with powerful hands, yet I feel that I have not got hydrophobia. Yet I feel that it is not only I who suffer .. . ! Yet I feel that I breathe ! Bike a condemned man who tries his muscles, meditating upon their fate, and who will soon mount the scaffold, upright upon my pallet, eyes closed, I turn my neck slowly from right to left, left to right during whole hours ; I do not fall stark dead. From moment to moment, when my neck can no longer continue to turn in the same inertia, and stops in order to begin to turn the opposite way I see suddenly the horizon through the thick brushwood, which cloaks the morth: Ido not see anything ! Nothing .. . but for the countryside which dances in whirlwinds with the trees and with the long files of birds which tra - verse the sky. That upsets my blood and brain .. . Who is it then who hits me on the head with a bar of iron, like a hammer striking an anvil ? I propose to declaim full-throatedly and unemotionally the cold and grave strophe you will hear, Be then attentive to its content and 8 protect yourself against the painful impression which it cannot fail to leave like a blemish on your troubled thoughts. Do not imag - ine me to be at death's door, for I am not yet a skeleton, and age does not cling to my forehead. Put aside therefore any idea of compar - ison with the swan in that moment when his existence takes flight, but see before you some monster, whose face I am glad you cannot see ; but that is less horrible than its soul. All the same, I am no criminal. . . Enough on this point. No great while has elapsed since I saw again the sea, and walked the bridges of ships, and my souven - irs are as lively as though it were but yesterday I left them. Be then, if you are able, at least as calm as myself in perusing this which I already repent of offering you, and do not blush at the thought of what the human heart is. Octopus, with the silky gaze! You whose soul is inseparable from my own, you the most beautiful of the terrestrial globe, lord of a harem of four hundred suckers, you in whom the tender communicative virtue and divine grace sit nobly as though at home, mutually agreeing and indestructibly united, why are you not with me, your mercury belly pressed to my aluminium chest, both resting upon some rock by the shore, and contemplating the view I love. Ancient ocean, whose waves are crystal, you resemble somewhat those azure marks to be seen on the bruised backs of cabin boys ; you are an enormous bruise upon the earth's body; I like this analogy. So at first sight of you, a prolonged sigh of sadness passes, which might be imagined the murmur of the suave breeze, leaving ineradic - able traces upon the deeply moved spirit, and you recall to lover's memories, often unknown to them, the crude origins of mankind ; when it became acquainted with abiding sorrow. I salute you, ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, your harmoniously spherical form which delights the solemn countenance of geometry ; but too well recalls to me the tiny eyes of mankind, similar to those of the wild boar for smallness, and to those of night birds in the circular perfection of contour. Nev - ertheless mankind has thought himself beautiful in all ages. But I 9 imagine rather that mankind only believes in his beauty out of conceit, and that he is not actually beautiful and suspects it; for, why does he look at the faces of his fellows with so much scorn ? I salute you, ancient ocean ! Ancient ocean, you are the symbol of identity, for ever equal to yourself. You do not essentially change, and if your waves are wild in one place, far off, in some other region, they are in utter calm. You are not like mankind, who stops in the street to watch two bull - dogs seize each other by the neck, but does not stop when a funeral is passing ; who is agreeable in the morning and bad-tempered in the evening; laughs to-day and cries to-morrow. I salute you, ancient ocean ! Ancient ocean, it is not impossible that, as fabulous as futile util - ities for mankind are hidden in your breast. Already you have giv - en him the whale. You do not easily allow the greedy eyes of natural science to divine the thousand secrets of your hidden organ - isation : you are modest. Man prides himself without ceasing, and for trivialities. I salute you, ancient ocean ! Ancient ocean, the diverse families of fish which you feed have not sworn brotherhood with each other. Each family keeps to it - self. The temperaments and forms which vary in each of them, explain satisfactorily what at first appears only an anomaly. So it is with man, who has not the same excuse. If a scrap of earth, is inhabited by thirty million human beings, they think themselves bound not to interfere in the lives of their neighbours, fixed like roots in the ad joinings scrap of earth. Descending from the great to the small, each man lives like a savage in his lair, rarely leaving it to visit his fellow, similarly crouched in another lair. The large universal family of humanity is a Utopia worthy of the most mediocre logic. Besides, the sight of your fruitful dugs releases the idea of ingratitude, for one immediately thinks of all those numerous parents so ungrateful to the Creator as to abandon the fruit of their miserable union. I salute you, ancient Ocean. Ancient ocean, your material grandeur can only be compared 10 with the measure one imagines of how much active force was needed to engender the whole of your bulk. You can tbe comprehended in a flash. To contemplate you, sight must turn its telescope in a continuous movement through the four quarters of the horizon, even as a mathematician in resolving a problem is obliged to examine indiv - idually each possible variant before he can settle the difficulty. Man eats nourishing things and makes other efforts, worthy of a better fate, to appear plump. Let this adorable frog swell as much as it wants. Be at peace, it will never equal your hugeness, at least I suppose not. I salute you, ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, your waters are bitter. They taste exactly like the bile which criticism distils upon art, science, everything. If one is a genius he is made to pass for an idiot, if someone else has a beautiful body he is made a frightful hunchback. Indeed man must feel his imperfections strongly (three parts of which are due entirely to himself) to criticise himself thus. I salute you ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, mankind, despite the excellence of his method and assisted by scientific methods of enquiry has not yet arrived at measuring the giddy profundities of your abysms ; some you have which the longest and heaviest sounding lines have admitted in - accessible. To fish ... it is permitted .. , not toman. Often have I asked myself which were the easier to discover, the oceans depths or the heart of man. Often, my hand to my forehead, standing on ships while the moon swung erratically between the masts, I have surprised myself abstracted to everything which was not the end I pursued, striving to resolve the difficult problem. Yes, which is the more obscure, the more impenetrable of the two ; the sea or the human heart ? If thirty years experience of life may up to a certain point incline the balance towards one or other of these solutions it will be allowed me to say that despite the obscurity of the sea, it cannot toe the line, as far as this quality is concerned, with the obscurity of the human heart. I have had to do with men who have been virtuous. They died at sixty and no one hesitated to cry 11 out: "They did good upon the earth, that is to say, they were char - itable : that's all, it was not malicious, everybody can do as much Who can understand why two lovers who idolised each other the day before, for some misunderstood word will part stung by hatred, by re - venge, by love and by remorse ; each draped in his lonely pride, never to see the other more ? It is a miracle which each day renews itself and which is not the less miraculous. Who can understand why one relishes' not only the general disgrace of one's fellows, but even the particular disgraces of one's nearest friends, though afflicted at the same time ? An irrefutable example to close the series : man hypocritically says yes and thinks no. That is why the young wild boars of humanity have so much trust in each other and are not egotistical. Psychology has still far to go. I salute you ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, you are so powerful that mankind has learnt it to his cost. It might well employ all the resources of its genius . . . incapable of dominating you. It has found a master. I say it has found something stronger than itself. This something has a name. That name is ocean. You in - spire him with such fear that he respects you. Despite that, you make his heaviest machines waltz easily, gracefully and with elegance. You make them leap gymnastically to the sky, and amazingly plunge to the very bottom of your realms; a clown would be jealous. They are happy if you do not ultimately wrap them in your frothing folds, to go and see, without the help of a train, how the fish are in your watery entrails, above all how they themselves do. Man says"I am more shrewd than the sea". It is possible, it is even fairly true, but he is more afraid of the sea than the sea of him : and that it is unnecessary to prove. This watchful patriarch coeval with the earliest epochs of our suspended sphere, smiles piti - fully when he assists at the sea fights of nations. Behold a hundred leviathians issued from the hands of humanity. The emphatic com - mands of superiors, the cries of the wounded, the shock of cannons are noises expressly made to obliterate a few seconds. It seems that the drama is over and that the sea has put everything into its maw. 12 Its jaws are frightful. It must be enormous toward the back in the direction of the unknown. Finally to crown the stupid and not even interesting comedy, one sees, some crane hung in the sky, belated by tiredness, which begins crying, without interrupting the sweep of its flight: " Hold !. . . I find that disagreeable. In the distance there are black specks ; I have closed my eyes ; they are gone. " I salute you, ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, majestic bachelor, when you survey the grave solitude of your phlegmatic kingdoms, justly you swell with pride at your own magnificence, and the truthful praises which I hasten to offer you. Voluptuously swayed by the soft exhalations of your majestic deliberation, the most grandiose amongst the attributes with which the sovereign might has gratified you, centred in sombre mystery, you spread out, over all its sublime surface, your incompar - able waves, with the calm feeling of your eternal might. They follow each other in parallel, separated by brief intervals. Hardly does one grow smaller when another goes to meet it growing larger, and accom - panied by the melancholy noise of spume which melts away to warn us that all is spume. (Thus, human beings; living waves, dying one after the other, monotonously; but without leaving a spumy noise). The bird of passage rests upon them confidently, and abandons itself to their movement, full of proud grace, until the bones of its wings have received the accustomed vigour to continue the aerial pilgrimage. I wish human majesty were not merely the incarnation of the reflection of your own. I ask a good deal and this sincere wish is to your glory. Your moral grandeur, image of the infinite, is like the philosopher's reflections, woman's love, birds' divine beauty, the poets meditations. You are more beautiful than the night. Answer me ocean, will you be my brother ? Stir yourself impetuously. . . more . . . still more, if you desire me to compare you to the vengence of God, stretch your livid claws clearing a path across your own bosom . . . well done. Unroll your terrifying waves, hideous ocean, comprehended 13 of myself alone, and before wliom I fall prostrated on my knees. Man's majesty is borrowed ; lie will not impose upon me at all; you, yes. Oh ! when you advance, crest high and terrible, surrounded by your tortuous folds as though by a court, magnetic and ferocious, rolling your waves one upon the other conscious of what you are, while from the deeps of your breast and as though overcome by an intense sorrow which I am unable to penetrate, you utter that hollow bellowing so much feared of men, even though, breathing upon the shore, they regard you in safety ; then I see that the high right of calling myself your equal does not belong to me. That is why, before your superio - rity, I would devote all my love to you (and nobody knows how much love my aspirations towards the beautiful contain) if you did not make me think painfully of my fellows, who make the most iron - ical contrast with you, the most comical antithesis ever seen throughout creation ; I cannot love you, I hate you. Why do I come back to you, for the thousandth time, to your friendly arms, which half open to kiss my burning brow, which sees its fever vanish at their contact! Ido not know your hidden destiny; everything which concerns you, interests me. Tell me then if you are the dwelling place of the Prince of Darkness. TeU me .. . tell me, ocean (only to me, so as not to sadden those who so far have but known illusions) and whether the breath of Satan makes the tempests which lift your salty waters to the clouds. You must tell me, because I would be happy to know hell so near mankind. I want this to be the last stro - phe of my invocation. Consequently, I want once again to hail you and say good-bye ! Ancient ocean with crystal waves, my eyes moisten with abundant tears and I have not the strength to continue, for I feel that the moment to go back among man of the brutal countenance is come but .. . courage. I y et us make a great effort and end with the sentiment of duty, our destiny upon this earth. Hail, ancient ocean. If it is sometimes logical to relate oneself to the manifestations of phenomena, this first canto would finish here. Do not be severe on 14 him who but still tunes his lyre ! Nevertheless, should you wish to be impartial, you will have received already a decided impression despite his imperfections. As for myself, I am setting to work again to produce within a not too delayed period of time, a second canto. The decline of the 19th century will see its poet (all the same, to be - gin with, one should not start with a masterpiece, but follow the laws of nature) ; he was born on American shores, at the mouth of Ba Plata, there where two races, once rivals, now strive to surpass each other in material and moral progress. Buenos Aires, queen of the South, and Montevideo, the coquette, hold out to each other friendly hands across the argentine waters of the great Estuary. But continual war has fixed his destructive empire upon the fields and reaps with joy his numerous victims. Good-bye old man, and if you have read me, think of me. Young man, do not despair; for despite your contrary opinion, you have a friend in the vampire. If you include the sarcop - ter acarus, which produces the oak gall, you will have two. Comte de Lautréamont (Translated by John Rodker) 15 NOVEMBERLEVENTH Light, light, Airy and bulbous. Fringes... buttermilk... St. Gotthard tunnel. Ha ha: I have you now. Move and I shoot. I shoot anyway. Ah, how droll, dear Fido, see how I pick up this Mountain by its Peak... and hurl it. Isn't the world, stupid ? Last night I went to bed naked except For a necktie and an Overcoat... my blanket I hung out the window... People laughed. When I die, shall they weep ? God, shall they weep ? Weep, weep, weep ? Come here, Fido, let me Tickle your ear. 16 N0... your nose. (a rhyme is such abominable taste. But you do like me to finger the place I first mentioned, — don't you, Fido ?) And your nose is so cold. Now goes past a band, past the window, cymbals crashing. I am really moved, — affected ; ... restraint always, Fido. (What, you scratch yourself publicly ? — Shame !) Armistice day. A gun. Booms. I i Remember... O Satan, I remember ! The bayonet through his throat. He had the eyes of a... (crucified) and they stared up at me As Yours do Now, fido. ...I shan't listen to the Guns ! any longer. Instead... the grapefruit. James Daly Andr£ Dkrain Woodcut 18 FRENCH LETTERS AND THE WAR The war had so profoundly disturbed our personal habits, that as long as it lasted we expected to see it produce similar revolutions in every branch of thought. We were particularly concerned as to the transformations that the war might effect in art and literature. In the spring on 1918, the Grande Revue instituted an inquiry into this question, to which a large number of writers, especially foreigners, responded frankly. However, all their predictions reflected a dangerous a priori reasoning, which I, for my part, shall try to avoid. All of them seemed to expect uniform consequences from the war. All of them considered the war as a cause for which a determined effect was given in advance, and which had only to be put into suitable words. The problem, is, in spite of these conclusions, more complex. The mind is not developed in complete detachment from material things, that must be conceded ; the physical and social conditions of life exercise an influence upon it that Ido not question for a moment. But physical and social catastrophes, the greatest upheavals, cannot alone dominate the mind. The mind recog - nizes and discovers only what exists potentially within itself, it is only trans - formed, at any rate, inasmuch as something is spontaneously added to itself ; it does not take directions other than those alieady contemplated by itself ; only its own promptings are developed by external forces. The problem of the changes wrought by the war in the processes of artistic creation can scarcefy be solved, to all practical purposes, unless we keep in mind the directions taken by the creative spirit at the moment when the storm broke. It is obvious at once what formidable difficulties this method reveals. For these directions were not at all simple. It is a delicate task to establish, without being arbitrary, a common tendency in all the writers before the war, even those of one country, and among those, only writers of any merit. A great earthquake — that is what the war meant for the mind. But to predict or even to distinguish, the new mountains and valleys that it would form, one should be very familiar with the previous relief of the terrain. I. Without attempting a complete description, we can at least summarize the situation of arts and letters when the war began by saying that the emotions and the senses had just been abandoned as the unique sources of inspiration. 19 In fact, so shortly before that a casual glance would seem to discover these tendencies still in full flower. This is what happened, more or less, in the case of M. Benda, who nevertheless knew how to analyze them clearly, and whose Belphegor remains an essential document on the question. But by putting ourselves in the place of the creator (M. Benda studied rather the public and its tastes), we could say : the art of before the war was still, or it was until very recently the direct product of the uncontrollable faculties of the mind. The art of before the war was hardly beginning to re - nounce the impulsion of pure sensibility as its sole foundation. One of its protagonists could still write the following confession of faith : * " The universe is a creation of the intuition. Creative emotion is the only true knowledge. As it gives birth to itself, it gives birth to matter. And it dreams everything as it dreams itself. The heart is the means as it is the agent." And again : " To plunge all ideas into love, and give the feeling rather than the exact conception thereof, that is the music I mean. In such an art emotion is everything, the argument nothing. Now the more queenly emotion becomes, the more must art, her king, become her master. " The rhythm of love influences everything. The intelligence is the plough, not the grain nor the harvest. Neither eloquence nor the evident idea is the bread that nourishes. It is no longer the refinement, 1101 the representation of the object that interests us, but the evocation of its form and of all the grace that it contains, of the magic power it has to make us believe in life. Art must reconcile us to life/' All the writers of that period would not, perhaps, have openly subscribed to these principles, but practically all were still faithful to them. All of them, like Suares, sought the lyric state, and, like Pythias, tried at first to place their stool in the abyss. All of them, it is true, did not call themselves poets, but for all, it was no longer question of " refinement, nor the representation of the object, but the evocation of its form and of all the grace that it contains.'' This is the guiding principle. In pre-war literature one finds scarcely any concern with the painting, the representing, the describing of an object, save in an embryonic state. Every creator starts from the tumult that an object arouses in him, he permits himself to be carried away by it, he listens to it, he yields to it directly, and makes every effort to manifest it faithfully to the external world. Never were writers more religiously subservient to themselves and their problems, never less concerned with abstract truth. Or rather — for what age has ever renounced the ideal of truth —- the * Andre Suares : Trois Hommes: Dostoievski, Editions de la Nouvelle Revue Fran 9aise, p. 293 20 truth, they said, in fact believed, could only be attained by creation, the world could only be understood by admitting that " the universe is the creation of the intuition." In any case, it is love and all the various emotions which alone can open the breach, attract knowledge, and permit of representation : " The rhythm of love influences everything." The object is merely a point of departure for the mind, and, by incorporating in it as much as possible of the self, we come to know the whole revolution that it as produced in the soul. If it ceases by that to be recognizable to others, so mucq the worse ! " The evocation... of the grace that it contains "is more important than its discovery, than its exploration. And, without speaking of Suares himself, is it not obvious that a Claudel, for example, would rely on nothing else but the whirlpool of his own emotions ? In that respect he is a poet, one can say ; poets have never sought any other inspiration. Yes, but it is the immediacy with which he communicates with his emotion, if you will, that strikes me. He has an extraordinary ability to exclude every element that could possibly have a contrary or even a directive effect. He will not budge unless stirred by his emotion, and then its vagaries will carry him everywhere. " We are ruled by only a gentle pressure of the hand." Such confidence in the activities of the intuition (whose ways are so mys - terious to begin with) has perhaps never been equalled. To express the matter a little differently — recalling all that Claudel con - fesses he owes to Rimbaud —he accepts no other index than illumination. The world is known to him and consequently is represented by him only inasmuch as it manifests itself in his brain. That is as much as to that he charges and saturates it with his own imaginative reactions. But we must take for another example some one who is not a poet, Peguy, for example. His manner is infinitely more simple; lie moves forward bluntly, without jumping, without dodging, without acrobatics. But his impulse is none the less sympathetic. From the beginning to the end of his work, it is a faith, it is Faith itself that animates and impels him. From his birth he believed, in many things in turn it is true, but at no time was he without fire and enthusiasm for something or other. And here again it may be said : that every great writer is also a great be - liever, even if his belief is negative. But mark here in what a totally different fashion Peguy attaches himself to his convictions. What a oneness of faith and deed he epitomized — witness his death ! Truly his soul is a spring tapped at its source. There is no question of an intellectual persuasion : that had not enough time to grow. Even his least significant phrases were dictated directly passion. 21 At what moment does lie seek to approach the truth ? When is he agi - tated by what may be the true " state of the question ?" He only marches for - ward, with a sublime courage and integrity. Lost in himself, he is swept on to sheer madness. He throws himself forward exactly as he must have marched to the assault of that position where he gave his life — with a single and indomitable purpose. We must take a last view of this immediacy of the literature of before the war. Reaving aside all the poetry putin motion by Francis Jammes and Claudel, another group appears, dominated by the influence of Guillaume Apollinaire. Guillaume Apollinaire is not a great poet, but he is a poet, nevertheless, which is a great deal. A certain part of his work is unquestionably mediocre ; there remains a series of things of the most delicious irresponsibility, such as we have always heretofore had to look for in German literature. But what interests us for the moment, is only the process employed by Apollinaire, his poetic method. This cannot be defined except by the renun - ciation of all poetic method, by the complete failure to direct or select images as they arise in the brain. It is no longer emotion nor " love " that leads the poet. He flies with the wings of his Stimmung, changing direction at its will. He is a bird carried by the wind, and veering with it. Even his thought is dissipated like a thin cloud ; he does not know what he is saying, his movement alone concern him — he yields himself to his vertigoes. Here again, in a new and more striking form than any of his predeces - sors had used, the writer gives utterance to his faintest velleities. The strange vibration of the words, as in the manner of a dream, seems exactly what we have already observed to be the essential characteristics of the literature be - fore the war. Apollinaire is in a way the hero of poetic automatism ; his hand on the paper is only the needle on the phonograph record, which translates the oscillations of a hidden, almost external force. Of all the activities of which we can be the subject or the playground, he submits to the dictation of the most remote, the least definite. And yet was the age before the war so completely under the influence of the unconscious as M. Benda would lead us to believe ? — No. The critical spirit, the intelligence were not entirely demoralized, as he tried to indicate. We must avoid explanations that make everything too simple. There was, first of all, Maurras, and his school, and all the neo-classicists who made deliberate and noisy propaganda in favor of an intellectual art. There was Moreas, his timid but sure taste, his great poetic erudition, his ability to sing what he had no feeling for, his cleverness in reviving old refrains. 22 In the case of these men, it would be difficult to find the unconscious playing the chief role in their inspiration, or indeed, playing any part at all. There was also, in relative solitude, Andre Gide, formerly a singer over - whelmed by voluptuousness and desire, but whose erudite genius and a feeling of regret had already brought him over to a more solid position. " I am the man of the second movement/' he used to say at this time ; and with this sole conviction he reacted strongly against the vague tendencies of all those who sought to lose themselves in their sentiments. Under his influence, the Nouvelle Revue Frangaise, without separating itself from its period, and gathering to itself the most daring productions, constituted in the midst of the sensual turmoil an asylum for reflection, study, and sober judgment. And finally, many of those whom we represented a little while ago as heroes of purely instinctive and provocative literature, did not inhibit the functioning of their intelligence when it did not conflict with their particular purpose. In Suares, as in Peguy and Claudel, it would be very unjust never to see anything but pure emotion. To draw as penetrating portraits of great men as Suares has done, to probe the psychology of virtue with Peguy, to enter as Claudel has into regions of the soul where the love of God is at strife with the great human impulses, one would have to follow a surer guide, more authentic and more constant than the mutability of the senses or the simple effusions of the heart. Of course, in these great men, the intellect already played a relatively important part, That is why I said above that from the moment when their genius blossomed most gloriously, the decay of an immediate and instinctive art became immediately apparent. One last fact must be cited to characterize this period, that is : that even if there was a tendency on the part of critics to awake, the critical spirit was still not directly creative itself. Those who boasted of it exclusively, like Maurras, were unable to produce anything beautiful. Everywhere their efforts were sterile. As in a certain season it is the wheat, and not the grape, that ripens, so it seemed that the age of which we speak had sunlight only for the fruits of the instinct, and none for reflection. Only the offshoots of the un - conscious attained that life, growth, ripeness, only they were nourished by that sap, without which there is no work of art. II. And it is at this point that the war came. One reads with a little astonishment in the Belfthegor of M. Benda : "ft is impossible to see why the war, less able than generally believed 23 to modify the character of men, should be powerful enough to transform cul - ture and change men who take up art merely to communicate emotions to others for whom art is a pleasure of the mind. One feels rather that the war should strengthen them in their passion for emotionalism/' I should be the last to reproach M. Benda for not having taken part in the war, since I myself took so little and so awkward a part, and besides, that type of dispute is absolutely childish. However, if he had served in the war, he would have understood how it could " change men who take up art merely to communicate emotions to others for whom art is a pleasure of the mind." He would have seen, at any rate, that it could not " strengthen anyone in his passion for emotionalism/' and that, on the contrary, its whole tendency, its whole movement worked towards curing us of our emotionalism. " Curing " is a euphemism in this sense, because the operation, although it was bound to end with some happy results, was terrible. I ask of all the com - batants, of all those who suffered from the length of the war, mentally and physically, if they have not the sensation of having been cruelly amputated of a whole part of their sensibility. We have revived, but we are not the same, and merely to have grown older by seven years does not suffice to explain this sterility in us which even music can no longer make fruitful. Some cells must have been destroyed in us, a " nervous center " must have been deadened. I think it is easy to see why this should have happened. The combatant had several very strong elementary needs, whose satisfaction he could not dream of questioning : eating, drinking, sleeping, and, in the main, not feeling. Not feeling, not only because of the horrible things he had to do or see, but simply to help him endure the endless hours, the inaction, the horrible vacuum he was condemned to. I state as a fact that the greatest suffering of the war was the necessity for not doing anything, for making the time pass. The suffering was such that everyone saw quickly that he could not resist it unless he tried all means in his power to lessen it, to neutralize it, unless he fought pain with the greatest possible insensibility. Everyone made himself, thus, the executioner of his own soul, under this rigorous trial; everyone fought desperately to kill in him - self the whole sweet " charm of feeling/' formerly so delightful a self-indul - gence. With the same regularity with which he rid himself of " cooties " the combatant killed all his sensations, before being affected by them. Par - asites as they were, or as he conceived them, they had to be exterminated like vermin. If the war had only lasted the three months that bad been predicted, this little exercise would have been without consequences. But four years 24 of constant repression of one's sensibility had to result in a serious, an irreparable weakening of that faculty. This is exactly what happened. This is the first result of the war. There is another, fortunately not wholly negative. It is a commonplace to say that the combatant needs sang-froid and calculation. Almost all the citations for bravery ascribed these qualities to the recipient. And as a matter of fact, if he had received internally the " im - pressions " that the circumstances offered, he would have been lost. An im - pression is so vivid that it really prevents the inspection of an object. An im - pression is therefore something that makes you incapable of defending yourself, by deceiving you as to the precise nature of the menace, and the best means of avoiding it. Now the combatant wanted to live, or, more exactly, he did not want to die — he had then to defend himself, and thus logically he was led not only to react against his impressions and arrest them on the very margin of his consciousness, but also to destroy them, to replace them by as careful and soothing an analysis of their cause as possible. His principal task was to distinguish the element of a given situation, in order to determine which to seize upon. His thought was above all occupied in the processes of attention, selection and classifying — all for the sake of sur - vival. He was completely dominated by a sense of the most immediate details. But it wasn't even necessary to be a soldier to be subject to the same dis - cipline. The war forced us all into the same habits, if only because of the long series of disappointments we suffered before the slightest hope came. How often did have to supplant our fondest plans, so hastily conceived, by an array of insignificant trifles, inglorious and unbeautiful! How many times did we revise our dearest expectations, and submit them to the hard debasing influences of reality ! We could not have suffered so many checks to our as - pirations, without undergoing some radical alteration,. The fact is that we contracted a firm mental habit, the habit of close examination, of anafysis, of comprehension. M. Benda asks in Belphegor how the " vital urge " could ever conceive the desire to turn upon itself, to stop and examine itself. It is really difficult to see how such an impulse could ever have arisen spontaneously. But pre - cisely such influences worked from without as to bring to a halt the vague and dangerous drift of the unconscious, and to guide it by the force of the intelli - gence. A hand of iron impelled us to an attitude of control and reaction — the hardness of external reality evoked a responsive hardness in ourselves. There was a shock, we had scraped bottom. Reality, the " objective " that we saw, formerly only as in a dream, whose " magic " alone, to quote Suares, intrigued us, gave us a sudden sharp resistance. And just as during the war when an attacking party fell upon a nest of machine guns, the men 25 had to take open order immediately, so our minds have had to open up, articulate, emerge from the confusion in order to become many-sided, active and shrewd. In a word, the war has returned to us a sense of the non-ego (in which I include also the complex mass of our sensations) and the desire to study it and describe its organization. III. Here I stop, astonished to see how little the present aspect of our literature, at first sight, corresponds to the picture I have put forward. Do we today see the positive triumph of reflection and analysis ? Do we perceive many masterpieces of a critical nature ? There seems to be rather a reinforcement of the instinctive tendency at the present time. We must consider the problem carefully. The war found a complex state of mind : it is altogether natural that what the war produces should be just as complex. The war worked on minds of very different capacities. They were all changed to a certain degree, but under the modified conditions, they were naturally separated from one another by the same intervals. In some, the sensibility had been completely destroyed, in a few only has it been transcended. The spectacle that literature gives us today is at once that of a death struggle and a birth. The death struggle, as is natural, attracts the attention at first, occupies the greater part of the stage, and involves the greatest number of actors. It is, nevertheless, the end of a movement that we are witnessing. The creative attitude which harks back from before the war, is seen general - izing, systematizing itself, approaching its absolute with every step, while at the same time becoming utterly sterile. One of the striking facts of the after-the-war literature is the large number of writers and poets who attempt to free their imaginations from all internal " censorship/' and open the floodgates of the unconscious. Apollinaire, who modelled himself after Rimbaud, has innumerable imitators today : his influence has in the first place infected the group of his immediate friends, Andre Salmon, Max Jacob, who like him make poetry' out of the messages transmitted by some sort of telegraph apparatus in the brain. This intuitive type of writing had up to this time some coherence within itself which made it possible to follow a Blaise Cendrars, let us say, along his fantastic paths. But there arose a group of younger men — pitiless logicians ! — who sought to do away with even this slight vestige of coherence. 26 With this we come to the extreme type of self-preoccupation which opens up the same mental morass in which we found the writers of before the war. The fact, is, however, that we have outgrown this type of art. These young men have applied themselves scrupulously to their task ; they have rejected everything that might restrict or impede their inspiration : but nothing comes of it all — the morass is silent. Dada is dead ; but it fulfilled its destiny, which was precisely to die, and in dying wreak the destruction of a whole system. It was the task of Dada to evoke the death-struggle to which I referred. Dada was, so to speak, the extension and the crisis of a wide-spread re - ligion. Its adepts were priests who wished to solemnize their cult with an un - heard of purity, knowing all the time that their temple was empty. It has by now been completely established that the unconscious lacks strength and the power of guidance, that the " heart " of itself can no longer be " the means and the agent/' The great fatigue that the war left in our faculties of perception, and especially our faculties of expression is apparent in all the work that these men force themselves to produce. There is something inexplicably dull and faded about it all which reflects the disintegration within. Thirty " reviews " may still be filled with the projections of their intuition, it matters little : a terrible monotony permeates them, against which even the force of genius could scarcely prevail. The immediate beauty of the work of a Peguy, of a Claudel, of a Suares, cannot be reproduced. The writer of to-day can no longer grip his reader by such fantasy or flight. Even in those who try to imitate the airy manner of Apollinaire in his better moments, the spirit is weighted and they are brought back to earth. From east to west, and from north to south, there is only an enormous disruption of lyrical literature. There would be occasion, indeed, for pessimism, if nothing were come to take its place, if the ravages of war left no compensation in their wake. This, pure and simple, would have been the case, if at the mo - ment when the storm broke there had not been new seed making its first timid appearance, in what is virtually a renascence of the critical spirit. Since the war these germs have spread, the critical spirit asserted itself. No movement in art ever originates in large numbers. That is why the move - ment I see set in motion has as yet so few representatives, and may seem il - lusory to those who await the generalizing of a tendency before they concede its existence. Certain minds have been struck by what the war taught us of the creative possibilities of analysis, they have been astonished by the fact that when they attacked their impressions, in attempting to disintegrate them and discover 27 their cause, they did not of necessity destroy them — that, on the contrary, perhaps that was the best way of retaining these impressions, of giving them permanence and even of making new ones appear. Obliged as they were to deny their sensibility, instead of being at its mercy, they perceived that from that time forward it might be of greater value to con - tinue resisting it. This type of recoil upon themselves, this almost aggressive reversion which the war had caused, made them discover a new richness in that same " heart " they were trying to suppress. While in 1914 the exercise of the intellect gave only impersonal and languid results, like those of the neo-classicists, now it seems to recover its own effec - tiveness and induce reality spontaneously. The great example here is, as you will see, the novel of Marcel Proust : A la recherche du temps perdu, of which four volumes have appeared up to now. Con - sidering it precisely, this is hardly a direct product of the war, since it was almost all written before 1914. But it is the influence of the war that makes it coincide with our state of mind and gives it suddenly so great a representative value. The plan of Proust, when he first began his work, was extremely modest; he wanted to go over, piece by piece, his whole past experience, and crystallize it. No ambition, at first, to move, to astonish, nor to induce an ecstasy in his reader, no intention to make a work of art. He simply took an attitude of reflection and remin - iscence. Then with the mass of his memories in hand as raw material, he began to unravel them, to analyse them, to put all the elements into their proper order. He sketched thus a movement of reaction against himself ; his mind took again its own direction. He broke away from his " vital urge "in his desire to know it, understand it, and describe it adequately. Immediately a huge garden began to grow, to flower. There is probably no other work as rich, as luxuriant as that of Proust. And nevertheless it was conceived in a certain refusal to abandon himself. This huge novel is the great literary achievement since the war, that which at any rate has the most to teach us and opens the widest vistas to the future. Here analysis is the creative agent, and provokes the imagination normally. With Proust we emerge from an age of implication to enter one of explan - ation. With him we escape the monotony of sensation, to rediscover the joys of intellection. In this book the truth — truth of characters and of passions, moves and touches us anew. With one stroke, a whole scale of emotions becomes possible to us again, from sympathy to amusement, in place of the sole " emo - tion/' as M. Benda would say. daughter comes into its own again ; our most diverse faculties come back into play and find in turn their fulfillment. Proust accomplished a great miracle merely by trying for so little, by op - posing simply the obscure impulses to which it was fashionable to yield. Be- cause of the combativeness of his mind, great fountains have sprung forth from that very rock that the experts assured us was dry. If I had had the intention of drawing a complete picture of our literature after the war, I should be consider ably at fault, for its richness is far from being limited by what Proust brings us. Works of great significance have seen the day by the side of his. Several young talents have been revealed — more than one already recognized has been affirmed. Poetry is far from being eclipsed entirely by Dada. One poet, rather solitary, but of the first rank, Paul Valery, has given us some veritable master - pieces — Jules Romains has entered into full possession of his rare and harmonious gifts. The novel is in full blossom. Valery has approached this form with infinite delicacy and has given us thus far only a thin but precious tale, under the title of Beaute, mon beau souci. Andre Gide has painted a remarkable picture, in the Symphonie pastorale, of less far-reaching genius perhaps than his Caves du Vatican (which came out just when the war began and was for a time obscured by it), but in a style minute and erudite to the nth degree. I regret having the space only to cite the names of Jean Giraudoux, Edmond Jaloux, Pierre Hamp, Jean Schlumberger, Georges Duhamel and Pierre Mac-Orlan. As for the drama, its present " state " is a little confused. Outside of the latest plays of Claudel: Le Pain dur and Le Pere humilie, which follow after V Hot age, the most interesting productions are Cromedeyre-le Vieil of Jules Romains, and Le Cocu Magnifique of Fernand Crommelynck. In concluding this very imperfect sketch, I remind the reader that my pur - pose was only to show in what sense and along what lines the war had affected our minds, and to what inferences we might be directed. When I predict today a renewal of the literature of analysis, I realize that I am anticipating the event somewhat, but not so much as to consider myself a prophet. (Translated from the French of) Jacques Rivière 28 29 OF A DAY I lower my pen to write. Some tall tree far off in clearest day might show My breath's precision. I stand silently m/ For here there are no trees. In mind my poems rise fainter than mountain bees. And clean derision Troubles my pen, and so is gone. O little gods of rock ! I need plain quiet — A house like withered flowers at dawn. DRIFTING DEER « Socrates. . . . Now the thing which\moves another and is by another moved, as it may cease to be moved, may cease also to live ; it is only that which moves itself, inasmuch as it never quits itself, that never ceases moving. . » The Dialogues of Pi,ato « . . . . it is not the business of the gods to bake clay pots ». Marianne Moore One sees far hills And thinks of deer — A drifting green Of emblematic printing As are brains Too silent, clear. One's age Is like these hills With Socrates On death. The printed page Is still as breath. Yvor Winters 30 31 AT 125 BOULEVARD ST. GERMAIN Half-past eleven sounded from a nearby church clock. A few taxis passed by nonchalantly and not all of the dromedaries had gone to sleep. From a distance could be seen the President of the Republic dressed in a diving appa - ratus accompanied by the King of Greece, who seemed so young that you could scarcely restrain yourself from teaching him the alphabet. A young harlot pursued them, offering her favors. Gloves rained down upon them from all sides, borne by the shrewd November gusts. As they passed in front of 125 Boulevard St. Germain, they saw a man come out pushing a wheel-chair before him. In this chair a person was seated in the attitude of the Tired Business Man. At once the thought came that a crime had been committed in the neighborhood. A bath-tub thrown from the fourth floor which just crashed to their feet confirmed these suspicions. While one of them followed the mysterious man propelling the wheel-chair in the direction of the Boulevard St. Michel, the other passed a little pomade over his hair. Like a somnambulist he scaled the stairs, so long that they seemed to rise from the bottom of the sea. Iyittle explosions marked his passage from floor to floor, and serpents glided out 011 along the rail of the stairway. A drunken soldier reeling against him, nearly hurled him down all the steps. "It is a brothel," he said to himself, and he blew his nose like a trumpet. At this moment a door opened and a voice with a harsh southern accent croaked : " What is it, my dear sir ? " " I would like to see Mr. Seraphim. You known, the gentleman who throws bath-tubs out of the window at half-past eleven ? " " Fourth floor to the right," said the voice and the door closed again with the rustling of a wind-blown flame. His emotions became intense : would they get to the heart of the matter at once, and would the singular person who threw bath-tubs out of the window r explain to him why summer followed spring ? He had time to let a tear roll over the cold sweat of his face and then knocked at the door to which he had been directed. The crowing of a cock was heard, followed by a mad bellowing. The bellowing had scarcely stopped when he heard the sound of running water, as if a faucet had been left open by chance, but no human voice made itself heard. " Isn't it funny ? he muttered between his teeth and knocked again. 32 A gnashing of teeth followed by the same mad bellowing was the only response. A few seconds passed, during which he seemed to hear a veritable gale outside. He knocked on the door for a third time, but at this there was an absolute si - lence. He was perplexed. And yet, he mused :if a bath-tub had fallen at his feet there was surely someone who had thrown it. And here he w 7 as, at the domicile of the person who had launched it, and the door remained closed to all appeals. He paused for a moment to despatch a fly, and made up his mind firmly. He fell back two or three steps and then threw himself against the door. It gave way at the first impact like glass, and at once the sweet odor of freshly - cut hay came to him. He stood stupefied for a moment and then burst into tears. He could hardly have told why. Perhaps it was that the odor reminded him of certain bygone yeais of his youth, where other stairways had been the terrain of fond experiences. By the light of a match he could distinguish the room into which he had penetrated. An expanse of verdant lawn, well kept and freshly trimmed, greeted his eyes. In the center of it was a bed of hyacinths, evenly pruned and topped by a flowery mimosa. Over in a corner, against the wall, a man seemed to be sleeping. Why, at this moment did a human voice sing as from a phonograph ? f&lt; Sur les bords de la Riviera Ou murmure une brise embaumee Chaque femme a reve la bas D'etre belle et adoree Why, again, did a voice murmur into his ear, as if confiding a secret, the Holy Words with which Jesus consecrated the Eucharist : " Eat of this bread, my body, drink of this wine, my blood." Another match revealed the presence of four plants of an unknown species in the four angles of the room. As he approached one of them with his lighted match, the one to his right to be specific, it suddenfy lit up and illuminated the room with a feeble glow. " I have my doubts about all this, " he said to himself, " and I have no doubt that other strange things will soon begin to happen/' He lit up one by one all of the plants, which proved to be nothing but arums. A soft light, as if dimmed by a dusty glass filled the room. He went to the man, who remained dead to the world through all this house - moving : " Well, well, my fine fellow ! " Midnight sounded, and the light pressure of his hand upon the man's shoulder, so I take it, at least, caused a little trickle of milk to flow from his eyes. The man remained motionless, how T ever. He touched his hand, felt it warm, but noticed that 33 3 it clung to the knee on which it had been placed. He wanted to shake the other hand, but it was as immobile as the first one. He took out his penknife and made a little incision in the right fist of the mysterious person. The flesh turned red, but there was not a drop of blood. He aimed his revolver at the eye and fired. A hole appeared where there had been an eye and milk spouted forth abundantly, marking a long white course on the dinner-jacket which the man wore. He noticed a crumpled up newspaper near the man. He unfolded it : it was an old copy of the " Journal", of which the part that had the date was torn away. He searched for it and found it between the man's legs. The date was : January 27, 1903. " What a strange coincidence ! " said the light, to itself. He has been sleeping there ever since that time... And he had killed him with a revolver-shot through the eyes ? " There is nothing more for me to do here," he said to himself, and he head - ed for the door to the right which gave on another room that had no windows, but was brilliantly lit up. In this hall long tables were ranged parallel with little arm-chairs on each side of them. On these little arm-chairs sat stenographers typing nervously on their machines, and the papers discharged automatically from the machines, glided along the whole length of the tables and disappeared somewhere. His entrance not having been noticed, he approached the nearest one of the typists and asked : " Mr. Seraphim, please." " In five minutes you shall see his cigarette and his younger sister," was the reply. I y et us return to the King of Greece whom we left to follow the strange per - son pushing a wheel-chair toward the Boulevard St. Michel. Near the rue Danton an automobile came near spilling the wheel-chair and its singular occupant. They continued on their way, crossed the Boulevard St. Michel, as far as the quays and from there into the Jardin des Plantes. One could scarcely have expected the gates to be open at this late hour ; yet- just as they reached the gate it opened automatically as if a hidden button had been pressed. Then it closed immediately, and in spite of all his efforts, the King of Greece could not open it again. A closed gate was not, however, a great obstacle for him, accustomed as he had been since childhood to the most violent outdoor sports: football, bicycling, automobiling, aviation, jumping, swimming. He was as familiar with the vaulting pole as he was with the Evangelists or the prehistoric ages. In a few seconds he had scaled the high fence and found himself inside the park. The trail of the wheel-chair, which had remained luminous, strangely enough, guided him as surely as if he had had the farcical equipage right before him. A few herons sought to impede his course, but the pastilles which lie gave 34 them, soon cleared his road of them. An antelope also appeared to assure him that she had not forgotten him. An enormous crab clutched at his foot, with the intention of making off with him to some god-forsaken spot. The trail led to the bears' pit, and he reached it at the same time as the man in the chair. A scarecrow who guarded the bears' den nodded his head as a sign of acquies - cence, and a white flag fell to the bottom of the bears' pit and spread out there. At once, a heart, a molar-tooth, a complete set of intestines, a horse's mane, a package of cocoa, a lady's chemise and a stuffed bird were projected, one after another on the white blanket, in such wise as to form the seven angles of a regular polygon. A heap of human excrement, falling not far from there set in motion the seven hitherto inert, objects, and they witnessed a frenzied dance by the heart, the molar-tooth, the horse's mane, the intestines, the package of cocoa, the lady's chemise, and the stuffed bird. The movements became accelerated as if these seven objects were chasing each other in the hope of getting together. The light of a powerful projector swept the scene for a second without interrupting it. Great birds, vultures no doubt, awakened by the noise came out and soared above the pit but dared not descend into it. The rumbling of an automobile, growing louder with every moment, revealed the approach of the machine. It stopped for a few seconds before the pit, and a veiled and gloved woman took out a folded flag which was by her side and threw it down on the sheet. The mad dance stopped instantaneously. The man in the chair during the whole spectacle, which might well have lasted for several years, kept passing his hand across his forehead w T hich was very moist. " Good Heavens," he said, " It is actually the 25th. of June 1922 ? " He remained pensive for a moment and then he said in a loud voice : " First. An honest intelligent and disinterested judge, a pretty, young, virtuous, and charming woman, a discreet, sincere, and considerate-friend — all these are rare treasures which however exist and can be found. " Secondly. Those who govern are as the celestial orbs which glitter bril - liantly but never enjoy repose at night. " Thirdly. Victory is glorious when its end is to mortify the enemy, but it becomes an abomination when it oppresses the miserable. " Fourthly. It takes cleverness to play the role of a scoffer, and very little common sense to undertake it. Fifth. Nothing is given as freely and as easily as advice. Sixth. Inexplicable Man! in whom is united so much vileness with so much grandeur, so many virtues with so many vices. 35 Seventh. He who can renounce ambition frees himself at once of much anguish, of long vigils, and of crime. Eighth. A Greek philisopher, when asked under what government men could live with the most safety and the least danger, replied : One in which virtue has many friends, and vice has either very few partisans or none at all. Ninth. One never gets enough fruit. Tenth. If you only had a little patience, I could make you understand all. Eleventh : One may differ with a friend and not love him any the less. Differences in sentiments serve to clarify, and friendship bears contradiction. Twelfth. The pleasure of vengeance is not tasted with impunity ;it soon becomes clear that this cruel pleasure was not made for the heart of man, and that one punishes oneself in the act of hating. Thirteenth. If you reproach yourself, others agree with you only too readily ; if you praise yourself, they don't agree with you at all. Fourteenth. It is said of the French that they above all seem to under - stand well the brief span of man's life; for, in Prance, everything is done with such despatch, that one might say that the French believe they have only a dav to live. Fifteenth. At an evening of " Madame X " the guests amused themselves by discovering ingenuous differences between objects. " What difference," asked the lady, " can there be between me and a watch ? " " Madame, " replied an English ambassador, " A watch tells the hour, but before you one forgets all sense of time". Sixteenth. Some one was telling another man the insulting things that had been said of him — " They would never have been said," he was told " if they had not known that you were so eager to hear them." Seventeenth. Cato was asked by someone, why, since he had deserved so well of the republic, there had never been any statues erected in his honor. " I much prefer," said he"to have this question put to me, than to be asked why monuments were set up in my honor at all." The man, who had up to this remained motionless in his chair, quite suddenly, rose, went toward the pit, vaulted the balustrade and jumped down on to the sheet. The bears, who were evidently waiting for nothing better than that, came out Jof their cages and greeted him calmly. The man seemed not at all surprised and began to take off his clothes. When he was entirely naked, he was observed to robe himself in a thick and woolly fur, and on his head there was a whole multitude of little worms, all w r hite. They crawled down his neck, his back, his legs and all over him ; it was the coiling and writhing of the little w r hite things which were trying to escape from the sheet. 36 A certain geometrical figure haunted the mind of the man who had remained at the edge of the pit: the square of a hypothenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the two other sides. The King of Greece scarcely knew what to think of the spectacle which un - rolled before his eyes. He thought of the book-maker who had advised him to bet on Trinity in the fifth race, and had made him lose 50 louis. Only one course lay open to him : without being observed, he left the Jardin des Plantes. Scarcefy, had he reached the quays, when he heard someone hawk - ing : " Intran / Third edition ! " He bought the paper and read : " Rome. — For several days a man has been cared for at a hospital in Rome, "whose identity cannot be established and who declares that he is an armorer of Venice. He is afflicted with the sleeping-sickness and his conditions is said to be very grave ". He trembled from head to foot ; was it to be Rome or Paris ? All the way from the street to the cafe by medium of the striped awning, layers of ground bone became stratified, crystalized where they lay. Burglars with eyes of confetti found the height of their desire in rummaging their fingers through their hair. The children ate roaches, the hats ate the children and the belts stretched out so far that they were lost to the sight, the limbs being sub - merged. He hailed a taxi, and asked to be taken back to the park. There, among the fishes who awaited piously the Day of Resurrection he sat down and fell asleep. Mr. Seraphim, still, did not come, and the President of the Republic began to believe that the hours no longer contained 60 minutes. He spent the inter - vening time in binding a little chain out of beads of cameo, but this senile occu - pation did not leave him entirely satisfied. For a moment he thought of killing several stenographers in order to open their bodies and thus finish his anatomical studies, left so incomplete ever since his aft air with Gaby Berliet, the dancer of the Folies Bergeres who had given him, at once the sweetest and the bitterest memories of his life: the sweetest, because she had been a ravishing mistress ; and the bitterest, because of — well, the regular injections of mercury. As he stood there, hesitating as to what to do next, a very effeminate young man entered, and made a sign to one of the stenographers, who followed him through the door opposite to the one by which he had entered. This disturbed him, and he followed the couple. He traversed a labyrinth of corridors in pursuit of them, and reached a vast swimming pool where the bodies of seven or eight women floated about, stretched straight out, on their backs. Most gallantly, the young man invited his companion to disrobe, and offered 37 her a bathing-suit to swim in. She only smiled at him in response, and little wheels, with teeth and tiny springs not unlike those of watches, began prancing about on all sides of the pool. After they had rolled all around the hall and bumped against the walls, the ceilings, they tumbled into the pool and little sparks flew off as they hit the water. The first woman dived in and re-appeared a few yards off, swimming grace - fully. Lobsters pursued her and tried to catch up with her. She swam faster and faster, and the clocks which were placed at the four corners of the pool accelerated their movement to a rhythm which kept pace with hers. Suddenly the air became saturated with dust. The President of the Re - public choked, breathing became more and more difficult in this insalubrious atmosphere. The President of the Republic lit a cigarette and then fainted. When he came to, the sun was playing on the water and little toy boats were floating gaily about the pool. The woman who had been swimming and diving so beautifully, was now floating on her back, just as straight, just as naked as the others. Hundreds of lobsters sought nourishment in their abdomens, in their stomachs, and one of them disappeared almost completely into the thorax of the beautiful diver. TWO WOMEN WOUNDED TWO POLICEMEN KILLED. These words, in large black letters suddenly appeared on one of the walls followed almost immediately by : Stock Market. Bruay 1820 1815 Grosny .... 695 675 Iviasonoff 345&gt;6 3457 Rl. Dutch . . 17660 17400 Part Her 3875 3875 Shell 226 224 Chino . . . . 293 300 Ray 160 159 Vielle Montagne * 757 750 Brazil 137 137 Columbia 277 267 Colombia . . . 580 580 Omnium 409 412 Mexico .... 1887 1897 Stua Rom 435 434 Monaco ... 3175 3195 He kept looking at his finger-nails for a while, wondering which horse he was going to bet on. Down through the little port-holes in the ceiling, whence the sunlight came, there poured a flood of pollen upon the water which soon became covered with a slender yellow layer of it. The President of the Republic arose and went down to the edge of the water which he touched with his hand. It was very tepid ; about 28 degrees (centigrade). 38 He no longer remembered what purpose he had had in coming here, and he resolved to go back to the hall of the stenographers. He broke open a door, descended a stairway, then another, passed through interminable corridors, tra - versed a vast hall, and then found himself all at once in a park where trees of the Northern climate were mingled with cactus, palm, bamboo, banana and other trees, whose names he was not familiar with. From the branches of these trees were suspended a multitude of different objects : violins, clocks, vases, razors, brushes, trunks, silk stockings, belts and acetylene lamps. " Merry Christmas, merry Christmas ! " sang incessantly the voices which issued from every tree-trunk. He took the first path in sight, and soon reached a little clearing, where he saw the King of Greece in the company of an orang - outang eating figs which were heaped up before them. He had to admit that this was too much for him. A little locomotive came through the forest, drawing some low freight-cars after it. As it passed through the clearing it slowed up a bit, and they all jumped aboard and were speedily brought to the gate of a large match factory. The gate swung heavily open, and the train rode into the courtyard which had little manganese trees planted all over it. They got out of the train and went into the factory What was their astonishment at sight of a machine which transformed boards into matches with a monstrous precision ! Seeing an attendant, they asked him, " Mr. Seraphim, please ? " " This way gentlemen, cross the workshop, take the first door to the right and go up the stairway. You will find him in the second office to the left ". At this an angel emerged from a queer machine, whose usage they could hardly understand, and said to them : " ist. A French lady reproached the Ambassador of Siam for the large numbers of women in his country. ' Madame/ he replied, 'if Siam had such lovely and charming women as you, there would only be one left/ " 2nd. An armourer who was regarding the seven holy paintings of I v e Poussin criticised the picture that represented marriage : ' I can quite under - stand,' said he ' that it is difficult to make a good marriage even in a painting/ " 3rd. Peter the Great, Czar of Russia, upon seeing the portrait of Riche - lieu in the Sorbonne cried ! ' O great man ! If you were still alive, I would give you half of my empire to teach me how to rule the other half/ " 4th. lyouis 111, formerly the Duke of Orleans, when asked to avenge the insults heaped upon him in the past, replied that the King of France ought not seek revenge for the insults meted upon the Duke of Orleans. " sth. The Arabs once besieged a city. The officer in command offered his men a large sum of money, if one of them would place a pile of fagots before a part of the wall that was exposed to the enemy fire. No or|.e stepped forward 39 to offer his services, and the astonished general reproached them bitterly for their lack of courage. 'We would dare anything ' retorted one of his heroes, ' if a price had not been put on our bravery/ 6tli. It is bread that I desire, and not money. " 7th. Don't whine, you shall have it. " Bth. It is their fault; if it were ours, we should have admitted it. " 9th. Men have been killed before, and we have not seen the last of it. " 10th. It was two o'clock in the morning when I went to sleep. " nth. He is the wickedest and greediest man in the world, and therefore is he hated. " 12th. Good God ! What a hypocrite this man is ! " The President of the Republic and the King of Greece felt a bit dubious about it all, but this did not cause them to give up their project. Mr. Seraphim received them very pleasantly. They explained to him frankly the object of their visit. Mr. Seraphim nodded his head and seemed to be in complete accord with them, when they had finished what they had to say. "Eleven-thirty," he replied, "is located at about the 42nd. degree la - titude, South. It is warm, it is cold, it is rainy, it is windy, snow falls, lightning flashes, storms arise, leaves fall, clocks stop, the earth trembles, cows urinate, lead melts, shoes get lost, cigarettes ignite themselves, and in short, men die like flies. Butterflies tremble with fear, for no keys turn in key-holes. " I have just picked up a pin that fell to the floor : it is my man. " I regard the lines of my hand : it is my garden. " My knee puffs out like a bladder : it is my arm-chair. " How many bears does it take to make a door ? Certainly less, than it takes women to make a mirror. If scissors sing : we know nothing, for great is our distress, and our illusions are cut up into little bits of postage stamps. Tell them that I no longer eat, drink, sleep, nor live, that I content myself with finding among varnished boards an indefinable mystery, without taste or odour. Two and two make four. " I awake in the morning at seven o'clock. Ido a little sewing with a goose-quill. I cover up my dead mother with the petals of poppies, and every morning at the same time, I see a little capsule come out of each of her fingers and each of her ears, burst soon after and give off the odor of lemon. " There are 110 chairs, there are no bath-tubs. I drink, I sleep, I eat, I live, and I assure you : " That nothing is more pleasant to the mind than the light of truth. " Crime is more daring than virtuousness. 40 " Anger is a movement of the soul, as impetuous as compassion is sweet; but the one degrades man, as much as the other ennobles him. " The art of living with others is as illusory as the Philosopher's Stone, or legal astrology. " The simplicity of nature is more appealing than all the adornments of art. " I have as much money as you have. " She is very pretty. " If you ever meet anywhere a woman, be she young or old, who talks to you of Napoleon 111, offer her a cigar and take her away to Spain to be cured. " Gentlemen, your shirts hang downward, and your bodies follow suit. I can see your organs which are decorated with fringed butterflies. I have it on good authority that you are hungry and I invite to partake of my modest repast." Benjamin Péret (Translated by Matthew Josephson) 41 PERIPATETICS VI It was but Sunday : sitting and walking and talking it is all the same. We were all waiting for a lady. The sun the wind the rain were sitting and walking and talking. All unsuspecting I was seated on the terrace and was left for a moment by the unknown gentleman beside me (evil in motion) whose cane you know was left too . . . gingerly balanced against the bench — our bench for a moment when two minutes later what does the stick do but slide down and strike me at the knee ? The evil that men do lives after them . . . the evil that men do after them . . . the evil that men do after. I stalk about in a world of illhumour and illhumour stalks me. Make way! I am young-and-smiling. But the taxi the beggar the horses the sailor the policeman the old man the coal man the octogenarian the flower lady ? Way ! Black soul shall I ever outlive the light stinging rebuff of that stick in that moment of warm delicious relaxation in front of my beer be - fore friend world ? . . . the quick cool rap that flicked my life away that soured the beer that spoiled my stomach that twisted my faith in you and the street and the afternoon. Matthew J osephson 42 VEGETABLE CLASSIC To H.G. It is my view that Spinach may be remarked upon for aggressiveness ; one may well regard Tomatoes as uncouth but honest ; that Lettuce is an indifferent diurnal matter; Asparagus not to be sneered at; Beets and Carrots perambulating hand in hand, — but of the Onion that eminent vegetable ! — let it here be spoken of with reverence, of its Protean and ever succulent manners of charm. And then these various herbs and plants (ranged upon the table) fell to a great row and quarrelling ; the Onions-Beans-Tomatoes, etc. joining arms in loud controversy with the Bettuce-Beets-Spinach faction, the latter crying out: " It is true, that our master is a foul carniverous beast, that from his mouth at night comes the stench of the flesh he has torn with his teeth and consumed ! It is of little import to him, whether we are canned or fresh from the earth ! His wife is a vegetarian at heart, but she fears him ..." It was in broad mockery, then, the others retorted : " Were it not for us, whence his violence and energy ? It is well that he spurns you, Oh darlings of withered spinsters ; we are as a boon to him, we are the blood and fire of his body ! " And the plates and serving dishes were vibrant upon the table, clattering about with no little fear, what of all the clash and bitterness among their contents . . . " My dear, I shall bring you a marvelous brown nut-bread, tomorrow, dark,- whole-wheat bread, with raisins and citrons and fat almonds in the heart of it! " Matthew Josephson ANDRE; Dkrain Woodcut 44 SIX CHARACTERS IN SEARCH OF AN AUTHOR ACT III. When the curtain goes up again, it is seen that the stage hands have shifted the bit of scenery used in the last part, and have rigged up instead at the back of the stage a drop with some trees and one or two wings. A portion of a fountain basin is visible. The Mother is sitting on the Right with the two children by her side. The Son is on the same side, but away from the others. He seems bored, angry and full of shame. The Father and the Step-Daughter are also seated towards the Right front. On the other side (Left) are the actors, much in the posi - tions they occupied before the curtain was lowered. Only the Manager is standing up in the middle of the stage, with his hand closed over his mouth in the act of meditating. The Manager (shaking his shoulders after a brief pause). Ah yes : the second act. Leave it to me, leave it all to me as we arranged, and you'll see it'll go fine. The Step-Daughter. Our entry into his house (indicates Father) in spite of him (indicates the Son). The Manager (out of patience). I y eave it to me, I tell you. The Step-Daughter. Do let it be clear, at any rate, that it is in spite of my wishes. The Mother (from her corner, shaking her head). For all the good that's come of it... . The Step-Daughter (turning towards her quickly). It|jdoesn't matter. The more harm done us, the more remorse for him. The Manager (impatiently). I understand ! Good Heavens ! I under - stand. I'm taking it into account. The Mother (supplicatingly). I beg you, Sir, to let it appear quite plain that for conscience sake I did try in every way . . . The Step-Daughter (interrupting indignantly and continuing for the Mo - ther). ... to pacify me, to dissuade me from spiting him. (To Manager). Do as she wants ; satisfy her, because it is true. I enjoy it immensely. Anyhow, as you can see, the meeker she is, the more she tries to get at his heart, the more distant and aloof does he become. The Manager. Are we going to begin this second act or not ? The Step-Daughter. I'm not going to talk an}' more now. But I 45 must just tell you this : you can't have the whole action take place in the gar - den as you suggest. It isn't possible. The Manager. Why not ? The Step-Daughter. Because he (indicates the Son again) is always shut up alone in his room. And then there's all the part of that poor dazed - looking boy there which takes place indoors. The Manager. Maybe. On the other hand, you will understand we can't change the scene three or four times in one act. The Leading Man." They used to once. The Manager. Yes, when the public was up to the level of that child there. The Leading Lady. It makes the illusion easier. The Father (irritated). The illusion ! For Heaven's sake, dont say il - lusion. Please don't use that word, which is particularly painful for us. The Manager (astounded). And why if you please ? The Father. It's painful, cruel, really cruel, and you ought to under - stand that. The Manager. But why ? What ought we to say then ? The illusion I tell you Sir, which we've got to create for the audience . . . The Leading Man. With our acting. The Manager. The illusion of a reality. The Father. I understand ; but you, perhaps, do not understand us. Forgive me ! You see .. . here for you and your actors, the thing is only — and rightly so . . . a kind of game . . . The Leading Lady (interrupting indignantly). A game! We're not children here, if you please. We are serious actors. The Father. I don't deny it. What I mean is the game or play of your art which has to give, as the gentleman says, a perfect illusion of reality. The Manager. Precisely. The Father. Now, if you consider the fact that we (indicates himself and the other five Characters), as we are, have no other reality outside of this illusion . . . The Manager (astonished, looking at his actors, who are also amazed). And what does that mean ? The Father (after watching them for a moment with a wan smile). As I say vSir. That which is a game of art for you is our sole reality. {Brief pause. He goes a step or two nearer the Manager and adds) : But not only for us ; you know, by the way. Just you think it over well. [Looks him in the eyes). Can you tell me who you are ? The Manager (;perplexed, half smiling). What ? Who am I ? lam myself. The Father. And if I were to tell you that that isn't true, because you are I. 46 The Manager. I should say you were mad. {The actors laugh). The Father. You're quite right to laugh : because we are all making believe here {to Manager). And you can, therefore, object that it's only for a joke that that gentleman there (indicates the Leading Man) who naturally is himself has to be me, who am on the contrary myself — this thing you see here. You see I've caught you in a trap. (The actors laugh). The Manager {annoyed). But we've had all this over once before. Do you want to begin again ? The Father. No, no. That wasn't my meaning. In fact, I should like to request you to abandon this game of art {looking at the Leading Lady as if anticipating her) which you are accustomed to play here with your actors and to ask you seriously once again : who are you ? The Manager {astonished and irritated, turning to his actors). If this fellow here hasn't got a nerve ! A man who calls himself a character comes and asks me who I am ! The Father {with dignity, but not offended). A character, Sir, may always ask a man who he is. Because a character has really a life of his own, marked with his especial characteristics, for which reason he is always " somebody But a man — I'm not speaking of you now — may very well be " nobody The Manager. Yes, but you are asking these questions of me, the boss, the manager. Do you understand ? The Father. But only in order to know if you, as you really are now, see yourself as you once were with all the illusions that were yours then, with all the things both inside and outside of you as they seemed to you — as they were then indeed for you. Well, sir, if you think of all those illusions that mean nothing to you now, of all those things which don't even seem to you to exist any more, while once they were for you, don't you feel that — I won't say these boards — but the very earth under your feet in sinking away from you when you reflect that in the same way this you as you feel today, all this present reality of yours is fated to seem a mere illusion to you tomorrow ? The Manager {without having understood much, but astonished by the specious argument). Well! Well! And where does all this take us, anyway ? The Father. Oh, nowhere. It's only to show you that if we {indicating the Characters) have no other reality beyond the illusion, you too must not count overmuch on your reality as you feel it today, since, like that of yesterday, it may prove an illusion for you tomorrow. The Manager {determining to make fun of him). Ah, excellent ! Then you'll be saying next that you with this comedy of yours that you brought here to act are truer and more real than I am. The Father (with the greatest seriousness). But of course ; without doubt. 47 The Manager. Ah, really ? The Father. Why, I thought you'd understood that from the beginning. The Manager. More real than I ? The Father. If your reality can change from one day to another .. . The Manager. But everyone knows it can change. It is always changing, the same as anyone else's. The Father (with a cry). No, sir, not ours. here ! This is the difference. Our reality doesn't change ; it can't change. It can't be other than what it is, because it is already fixed for ever. It's terrible. Ours is an immutable reality which should make you shudder when you approach us if you are really conscious of the fact that your reality is a mere transitory and fleeting illusion, taking this form today and that tomorrow, according to the con - ditions, according to your will, your sentiments, which in turn are controlled by an intellect that shows them to you today in one manner and tomorrow . . . who knows how ? Illusions of reality represented in this fatuous comedy of life that never ends, nor can ever end, because if tomorrow it were to end . . . then why, all would be finished. The Manager. Oh, for God's sake will you at least finish with this philoso - phizing and let us try and shape this comedy which you yourself have brought me here ? You argue and philosophize a bit too much, my dear Sir. You know, you seem to me almost, almost .. . (Stops and looks him over from head to foot). Ah, by the the way, I think you introduced yourself to me as a ... shall we say " character, " created by an author who did not afterwards care to make a drama of his own creations. The Father. It is the simple truth, sir. The Manager. Nonsense. Cut that out, please ! None of us believes it, because it isn't a thing, as you must recognize yourself, which one can believe seriously. If you want to know, it seems to me you are trying to imitate the manner of a certain author whom I heartily detest — I warn you — although I have unfortunately bound myself to put on one of his works. As a matter of fact, I was just starting to rehearse it, when you arrived. (Turning to the actors). And this is what we've gained. Out of the frying-pan into the fire. The Father. I don't know to what author you may be alluding, but believe me I feel what I think, and I seem to be philosophizing only for those who do not think what they feel, because they blind themselves with their own sentiment. I know that for many people this self-blinding seems much more " human ", but the contrary is really true. For man never reasons so much and becomes so introspective as when he suffers, since he is anxious to get at the cause of his sufferings, to learn who has produced them, and whether it is just or unjust that he should have to bear them. On the other hand, when he is 48 happy, he takes his happiness as it comes and doesn't analyse it, just as if hap - piness were his right. The animals suffer without reasoning about their sufferings. But take the case of a man who suffers and begins to reason about it. Oh 110 !it can't be allowed. Let him suffer like an animal, and then — ah yes, he is " human " [ 9 The Manager. Look here ! look here ! You're off again philosophiz - ing worse than ever. The Father. Because I suffer, sir. I'm not philosophizing ; I'm crying aloud the reason of my sufferings. The Manager [makes brusque movement as he is taken with a new idea). I should like to know if anyone has ever heard of a character who gets right .out of his part and perorates and speechifies like you do. Have you ever heard of a case ? I haven't. The Father. You have never met such a case, sir, because authors, as a rule, hide the labour of their creations. When the characters are really alive before their author, the latter does nothing but follow them in their action, in their words, in the situations which they suggest to him, and he has to will them the way they will themselves, for there's trouble if he doesn't. When a character is born, he acquires at once such an independence even of his own author, that he can be imagined by everybody even in many other situations where the au - thor never dreamed of placing him, and so he acquires for himself a meaning which the author never thought of giving him. The Manager. Yes, yes, I know this. The Father. What is there then to marvel at in us ? Imagine such a misfortune for characters as I have described to you : to be born of an author's fantasy, and be denied life by him, and then answer me if these characters left alive, and yet without life, weren't right in doing what they did do and are doing now after they have attempted everything in their power to persuade him to give them their stage life. We've all tried him in turns, I, she (:indicating the Step-Daughter) and she (indicating the Mother)„ The Step-Daughter. It's .true. I too have sought to tempt him, many, many times, when he has been sitting at his writing table, feeling a bit melancholy, at the twilight hour. He would sit in his armchair too lazy to switch on the light, and all the shadows that crept into his room were full of our presence coming to tempt him (as if she saw herself still there by the writing table, and was annoyed by the presence of the actors). Oh, if you would only go away, go away and leave us alone — mother here with that son of hers — I with that Child — that Boy there always alone — and then I with him (just hints at the Father) — and then I alone, alone ... in those shadows. (Makes a sudden movement as if in the vision she has of herself illuminating those shadows she wanted 49 4 to seize hold of herself). Ah! my life! my life! O, what scenes we proposed to him, and I tempted him more than any of the others ! The Father. Maybe. But perhaps it was your fault that he refused to give us life, because you were too insistent, too troublesome. Tiib Step-Daughter. Nonsense! Didn't he make me so himself ? (Goes close to the 'Manager to tell him as if in confidence). In my opinion he aban - doned us in a fit of depression, and disgust for the ordinary theatre as the public knows it and likes it. The Son. Exactly what it was, sir; exactly that. The Father. Not at all! Don't believe it for a minute. Iyisten to me ! You'll be doing quite right to modify, as you suggest, the excesses both of this girl here who wants to do too much, and of this young man who won't do any - thing at all. The Son. No, nothing. The Manager. You too get over the mark occasionally, my dear sir, if I may say so. The Father. I? When? Where? The Manager. Always. Continuously. Then there's this insistence of yours in trying to make us believe you are a character. And then too, you must realty argue and philosophize less you know, much less. The Father. Well, if you want to take away from me the possibility of representing the torment of my spirit which never gives me peace, you will be suppressing me : that's all. Every true man, sir, who is a little above the level of the beasts and plants does not live for the sake of living, without knowing how to live, but he lives so as to give a meaning and a value of his own to life. For me this is everything. I cannot give up this just to represent a mere fact as she (indicating the Step-Daughter) wants. It's all well for her, since her " vendetta " lies in the " fact ". I'm not going to do it. It destroys my raison d'etre. The Manager. Your raison d'etre ! Oh we're going ahead fine! First she starts off, and then you jump in. At this rate, we'll never finish. The Father. Now, don't be offended ! Have it your own way, provided, however, that within the limits of the parts you assign us each one's sacrifice isn't too great. The Manager. You've got to understand that you can't go on arguing at your own pleasure. Drama is action, Sir, action and not confounded philosophy. The Father. All right. I'll do just as much arguing and philosophizing as everybody does when he is considering his own torments. The Manager. If the drama permits. But for Heaven's sake man, let's get along and come to the scene. 50 The Step-Daughter. It seems to me we've got too much action with, our coming into his (indicating Father) house. You said before you couldn't change the scene every five minutes. The Manager. Of course not. What we've got to do is to combine and group up all the facts in one simultaneous close-knit action. We can't have it as you want, with your little brother wandering like a ghost from room to room, hiding behind doors and meditating a project which — what did you say it did to him ? The Step-Daughter. Consumes him Sir, wastes him away. The Manager. Well, it may be. And then at the same time, you want the little girl there, to be playing in the garden . . . one in the house, and the other in the garden : isn't that it ? The Step-Daughter. Yes, in the sun, in the sun. That is my only pleasure to see her happy and careless in the garden after the misery and squalor of the horrible room where we all four slept together. And I had to sleep with her — I, do you understand ? — with my contaminated body next to hers, with her folding me fast in her loving little arms. In the garden, whenever she spied me, she would run to take me by the hand. She didn't care for the big flowers, only the little ones and she loved to show me them and pet me. The Manager. Well then, we'll have it in the garden. Everything shall happen in the garden, and we'll group the other scenes there. (Calls a stage hand). Here, a back-cloth with trees and something to do as a fountain basin. (Turning round to look at the back of the stage). Ah, you've fixed it up. Good! (to Step-Daughter). This is just to give an idea of course. The Boy, instead of hiding behind the doors will wander about here in the garden, hiding behind the trees. But it's going to be rather difficult to find a child to do that scene with you when she shows you the flowers. (Turning to the Youth). Come forward a little, will you please ? Let's try it now! Come along ! come along ! (Then seeing him come shyly forward, full of fear and looking lost). It's a nice business this lad here. What's the matter with him ? We'll have to give him a word or two to say. (Goes close to him, puts a hand on his shoulders, and leads him behind one of the trees). Come on ! come on ! Let me see you a little ! Hide here .. . yes, like that. Try and show your head just a little as if you were looking for someone .. . (Goes back to observe the effect, when the Boy at once goes through the action). Excellent! fine! to Step-Daughter). Sup - pose the little girl there were to surprise him as he looks round and run over to him, so we could give him a word or two to say ? The Step-Daughter. It's useless to hope he will speak as long as that fellow there is here ~ . (Indicates the Son). You must send him away first. The Son (jumping up). Delighted ! delighted ! I don't ask for anything better. (Begins to move away?). 51 The Manager (at once stopping him). No ! No ! where are you going, Wait a bit! (The Mother gets up alarmed and terrified at the thought that he is really about to go away. Instinctively, she lifts her arms to prevent him, without, however, leaving her seat). The Son (to Manager who stops him). I've got nothing to do with this affair. I y et me go please ! Iyet me go ! The Manager. What do you mean by saying you've got nothing to do with this ? The Step-Daughter ( calmly, with irony). Don't bother to stop him ; he won't go away. , The Father. He has to act the terrible scene in the garden with his mother. The Son (suddenly resolute and with dignity). I shall act nothing at all. I've said so from the very beginning. (To the Manager). me go ! The Step-Daughter (going over the Manager). Allow me ? (Puts down the Manager s arm which is restraining the Son). Well, go away then, if you want to ! (The Son looks at her with contempt and hatred. She laughs and says) You see, he can't, he can't go away. He is obliged to stay here, indissolubly bound to the chain. If I who fly off when that happens which has to happen because I can't bear him — if I am still here and support that face and expression of his, you can well imagine that he is unable to move. He has to remain here, has to stop with that nice father of his and that mother whose only son he is. (Turning to the Mother). Come on, mother, come along ! (Turning to Manager to indicate her). You see, she was getting up to keep him back. (To the Mother, beckoning her with her hand). Come on! come on! (Then to Manager). You can imagine how little she wants to show these actors of yours what she really feels, but so eager is she to get near him that .. . there you see, she is willing to act her part (and in fact, the Mother approaches him, and as soon as the Step- Daughter has finished speaking, opens her arms to signify that she consents). The Son (suddenly). No ! no ! If I can't go away, then I'll stop here, but I repeat : I act nothing. The Father (to Manager excitedly). You can force him, Sir. The Son. Nobody can force me. The Father. I can. The Step-Daughter. Wait a minute, wait. . . First of all, tne baby has to go to the fountain . . . (Runs to take the Child and leads her to the fountain). The Manager. Yes, yes of course ; that's it. Both at the same time. (The second Lady Lead and the Juvenile Lead at this point separate themselves from the group of actors. One watches the Mother attentively; the other moves about studying the movements and manner of the Son whom he will have to act). 52 The Son (to Manager). What do you mean by both at the same time ? It isn't right. There was no scene between me and her. {Indicates the Mother). Ask her how it was ! The Mother. Yes, it's true. I had come into his room .. . The Son. Into my room, do you understand ? Nothing to do with the garden. The Manager. It doesn't matter. Haven't I told you we've got to group the action ? The Son ( observing the Juvenile Lead studying him). What do you want? The Juvenile IyEad. Nothing. I was just looking at you. The Son (turning towards the second Lady Lead). Ah ! she's at it too. To re-act her part (indicating the Mother). The Manager. Kxactly. And it seems to me that you ought to be grate - ful to them for their interest. The Son. Yes, but haven't you yet perceived that it isn't possible to live in front of a mirror which not only freezes us with the image of ourselves, but throws our likeness back at us with a horrible grimace ? The Father. That is true, absolutely true. You must see that. The Manager (to second Lady Lead and Juvenile Lead). He's right. Move away from them ! The Son. Do as you like ! I'm out of this. The Manager. Be quiet you, will you, and let me hear your mother ! (To Mother). You were saying you had entered .. . The Mother. Yes, into his room, because I couldn't stand it any longer. I went to empty my heart to him of all the anguish that tortures me . . . But as soon as he saw me come in .. . The Son. Nothing happened. There was no scene. I went away ; that's all, I don't care for scenes. The Mother. It's true, true. That's how it was. The Manager. Well now, we've got to do this bit between you and him. It's indispensable. The Mother. I'm ready .. . when you are ready. If you could only find a chance for me to tell him what I feel here in my heart. The Father (going to Son in a great rage). You'll do this for your mother, for your mother, do you understand ? The Son (quite determined). I do nothing. The Father (taking hold of him and shaking him). For God's sake do as I tell you ! Don't you hear your mother asking you for a favour ? Haven't you even got the guts to be a son ? The Son (taking hold of the Father). No ! No ! And for God's sake stop 53 it, or else .. . (General agitatation. The Mother, frightened, tries to separate them). The Mother (pleading). Please! please! The Father (not leaving hold of the Son). You've got to obey, do you hear. The Son (almost crying from rage). What does it mean this madness you've got ? (They separate). Have you no decency that you insist on showing every - one our shame ? I won't do it. I won't. And I stand for the will of our author in this. He didn't want to put us on the stage after all. The Manager. Man alive ! You came here. The Son (indicating Father). He did. I didn't. The Manager. Aren't you here now ? The Son. It was his wish, and he dragged us along with him. He's told you not only the things that did happen, but also things that have never hap - pened at all. The Manager. Well, tell me then what did You went out of your room without saying a word ? The Son. Without a word. So as to avoid a scene. The Manager. And then what did udo ? The Son. Nothing .. . walking in the garden .. . (hesitates for a moment with expression of gloom). The Manager (coming closer to him, interested by his extraordinary reserve). Well, well. . . walking in the garden .. . The Son (exasperated). Why on earth do you insist ? It's horrible. (The Mother trembles, sobs and looks towards the fountain). The Manager (slowly observing the glance and turning towards the Son with increasing apprehension). The baby ? The Son. There in the fountain .. . The Father (pointing with tender pity to the Mother). She was following him at the moment... The Manager (to the Son anxiously). And then you .. , The Son. Iran over to her; I was jumping into drag her out when I saw something that froze my blood . . . the boy there standing stock still with eyes like a madman's watching his little drowned sister, in the fountain (The Step-Daughter bends over the fountain to hide the Child. She sobs). Then .. . (A revolver shot rings out behind the trees where the Boy is hidden). The Mother. (With a cry of terror runs over in that direction together with several of the actors amid general confusion). My son ! my son (Then amid the cries and exclamations one hears her voice). Help ! help ! 54 The Manager (pushing the actors aside while they lift up the Boy and cany him off). Is lie really wounded ? Some Actors. He's dead ! dead ! Other Actors. No, no, it's only make believe, it's only pretence. The Father (with a terrible cry). Pretence ? Reality sir, reality! The Manager. Pretence ? Reality ?To hell with it all! Never in mv •/ life has such a thing happened to me. I've lost a whole day over these people, a whole day ! Curtain Luigi Pirandello (Translated By Edward Storer) 55 HULA-HULA I should like to come upon some of the girls from " Tangerine " doing their stunt naked in their hair on Brighton Beach one of these fine mornings that the horned sun might laugh and I see him fresh from the seas shake his broad shoulders William Carlos Williams André Derain Woodcut 57 AT THE DOORS (A word of introduction. This story forms a connecting link in the chain of stories about the Splendid Face of the Revolution. And it is a story that tells about the snow of yesteryear melted under the fence). So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things knozv that it is near, even at the doors. (vSt. Matthew, 24, 33) I. Some years ago the merchant's wife Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina had a pump - ing station built at the foot of Sibirna Mountain. The station was nicknamed after its owner, Olga Nicolayevna. No water was being pumped any more but the whistle still blew regularly at 8 o'clock in the morning, and at 2 and 4 in the afternoon. Whenever the morning whistle blew at the foot of the mountain, Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh, who lived at the other end of the city, would wake up, and, filled with an inexpressible sadness in his half drowsy state, would begin to weave dreams about the beauty of human life and the splendor of human spring. Ivan Petrovitch had once passed two days on the Volga, and the whistle of Olga Nicolayevna seemed to him exactly like that of " Caucasus Mer - cury". Who, indeed, does not know the sweet melancholy of the Volga in spring and the longing its cool, red mornings inspire to embrace the whole world ? Ivan Petrovitch would get up, drink his classical carrot-tea, and go to work at the Finance Section. The life of Ivan Petrovitch was dull. Olga Nicolayevna stood at the foot of the mountain, and on the moun - tain itself, beyond the ramparts, near the Kremlin Gates, was the building for - merly known as the Social now as the Communist Club. At the 2 o'clock whistle, Doctor Audrey Andreyevitch Veralsky dropped in for lunch. In the old days, the bar tender w r ould call his boy before the doctor's arrival arid say : " Hey, kid, make it fresh." And the boy would use his tongue to refreshen the caviar sandwiches which he handed the doctor together with a glass of vodka* Now the doctor was served an empty glass which he would fill from a specia vial, always kept in his vest pocket. But as ever before, when lunch was over' the doctor would shout through the window and across the street : " Ilya&gt; fetch the carriage," and drive forth to his patients. Christmas. Owing to the holiday, the whistle of Olga Nicolayevna did not blow at 4. The real Olga Nicolayevna, Mrs. Jmukhina had died from terror two years pre - viously when her furs and smoked geese were requisitioned. Hand-written posters hung on the walls of the club, And the bar tender knew that the orches- 58 tra of the Cavalry Division would play on Christmas night at the ball of the Voyenkom (i) to celebrate his wife's birthday, and that on New Year's eve (old style) the Voyenspetz (2) of the Division would arrange an out of town picnic. On Christmas Eve everybody went to the Church of St. John the Baptist to meet the new Church warden, the Commander of the Division, comrade Tanatar. Comrade Tanatar, a handsome Caticasian, dressed in a leather jacket and boots, was selling candles and passing around the plate. The entire population was busy killing poultry, exchanging shirts for butter, baking pies with beetroot instead of sugar. A week before the holi - days, all drug stores in the city were cleaned empty. Frost and storm. In the deadstill brick house of Doctor Veralsky, on the Sibirna Mountain, only two rooms were fit for habitation. All the others were extremely cold and frost-covered. On the first day and night Olga, the doctor's daughter, % sat watching the weather outside. The frost was playing with its cold diamonds ; the sky was an intense blue, and the moon seemed lost in it. Morning came yellow and wax-like. The sun was yellow like wax, yellow like the face of a corpse. The barometer fell to 32. Ilya said the birds were falling frozen to the ground. In the evening some one called up to say that a snow-storm was coming from the Uial. It soon came sweeping along, dancing, howling, groaning, shrieking above the fields and the city, around the Sibirna Mountain, and in the empty parlor. The only place in the house where one could support the weather was the corner near the stove. Olga Veralskaya saw now the revolution as a snow-storm and the people in it as mere snow-flakes. It seemed to Olga that the snow-storm had killed her. Dressed in a fur coat and top boots, she sat huddled near the stove, tired of thinking, tired of reading. Nevertheless, with the storm raging outside, she sat reading the diary of Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh. Five image-lamps burned before Olga Veralskaya. The couch stood facing the stove and was all cluttered with fur-coats. The tiles of the stove shone dimly. And behind tjie wall the wind was blowing in the empty rooms. July 11, 1913. At the ball of Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina. Having cleaned our faces of the make-up, we went there together with Volyns - kaya. We found the party in full swing. The old and middle-aged occupied two rooms ; our own company chose one far from indiscreet eyes. Samuel Tanatar sat beside me and Volynskaya opposite me. No sooner had I drunk the first glass (1) Voyenny Kommissar (Military Commissary) (2) Voyenny Specialist (Military Specialist). 59 of vodka than V olynskaya came prof erring advice : " Don I drink too much." She had promised to spend the evening with me and allow me to accompany her home if I did not get drunk. Before half an hour was over everything was topsy-turvy. Some one shouted: " Wine! " Some one burst out singing. A roar went up. Plates began flying... My organism refused to drink any more. I began to feel tipsy. In order not to become completely drunk, I said to Volynskaya : " Well, who is going to see you home Tanatar or I?" She was just then sitting beside him, and they were preparing to go home together. "I do not really know " she said and added: " But you are already tipsy, Vania ". " Alright " I answered and went into the next room where I found Doctor Veralsky, the father of my beloved Olga. As soon as he saw me he made me sit down and silently treated me to a glass of some strong drink. I drank it to spite Volynskaya, and at once became dead drunk. My friends took me into the garden, gave me some soda water to drink, and went away. I sat there for a while, crying over my sorry state and thinking of Olga Veralskaya, the only woman I truly loved. Why, for Heaven's sake, did I ever , drink so much and spoil my whole evening — and spoil everything ? I did not remain alone for long. Volynskaya came, sat down beside me, put her arms around me and began preaching morality : " One must not drink so much." In full possession of my wits I answered: t( lam not to blame, it is all Samuel's fault. I heard you arranging to go home together. And now lam far too drunk to do what we intended ." She pressed close to me and embraced me. I was kissing her hands repeating : " Forgive me, forgive me," and begged her not to leave me, adding: " I know that this is the last time I see you." At these words I tried to break away from her and Tanatar (the latter had been present all this time). She sought to hold me back, but I escaped. Tanatar caught me and made me sit down beside her again. She took me into her arms and said : " Vania, if you only love me, you won't commit suicide," and clinging passionately to me she press - ed her lips to mine and remained motionless. Oh, how much pity there was in this kiss, how much despair, frenzy, passion, how much unselfish love ! Minutes pass - ed, each an eternity and each rich in memories {of Olga Veralskaya). Yes... that kiss gave me the illusion of happiness ; mere illusion, it is true, but still of happiness. When Volynskaya left (she went to dance) I noticed Tanatar and drove him from me shouting: " Rascal, scamp, you shattered my happiness ! " I even began to cry. " I won't have anything to do with you." Tanatar washed my head and gave me some soda- &lt;water to drink. I felt sick. The boys tried to put me to bed, but no, by Heck ! I would not have anybody except Volynskaya. She helped me to reach the bed (/ could not walk alone) and it'as on the point of leaving when / detained her and sang: " Please don't go away, please stay with me, I feel so happy, so light-hearted, " 60 There she stood before me. I saw her splendid sensual body, her thick golden hair (ithe chignon) her snow white teeth framed with red voluptuous lips — and felt an electric current shoot through me... Yes, happiness was so near, so near [Tanatar got it)... Oh happiness!" July 12, 1913. Woke up at one in the afternoon and the first man I-saw, right in front of me, was Vassia Fedoroff. He slept in a curious position; his head was on the pillow and his entire body on the dirty floor. We looked into the mirror and — Good Lord, what a sight ! My clothes were all crumpled, spewed over in various parts, and covered with feathers from top to bottom. Having performed the morn - ing ritual, we went into the garden. We met Tanatar coming from the other end where he had probably been sleeping. He looked a terrible sight. On the front, his clothes bore everywhere traces of vomiting ; on the back they were thickly covered with dirt, as if he had been dragged by his feet over the ground. After Tanatar, we met the girls coming from the pavilion where they had been sleeping. Soon everybody was present and Heavens, we did laugh ! The lunatic Fedoroff was the first to speak. Hardly able to stand on his feet, he had sneaked into the pavilion just as the girls were turning in after the ball. He bade them all good night, then seizing somebody's dress, jacket, and hat, he put them on and took to dancing. A young chap, scarcely known to anyone, had spent the entire evening with the hostess Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina in a carriage outside, where they had supper and wine, spiced abundantly with frequent kissing and smutty talk. Then the girls told their version of the story. They Had scarcely undressed when Sammy Tanatar broke in dead drunk announcing his intention of sleeping with them. The girls, of course, all got frightened and hid under the blankets. All their exhortations and prayers for him to leave the pavilion were of no avail. Then, disregarding all rules of de - cency, the girls jumped out of b'ed and threw him out of the pavilion by main force. Immediately after Tanatar's departure came the lunatic Fedoroff, but everybody only laughed at him because he was nice and behaved more decently than Tanatar. Happiness. Happiness and laughter. A lialf forgotten nursery tale is revived in some corner of her mind. If you plunge a sharp knife into the funnel of whirling snow you will kill the grand - daughter of the snow-storm — the snow-flake. A drop of her cold white blood will fall on the ground and this blood will bring happiness — happiness. If one could only believe this tale, go out into the snow-storm — waylay the snow-flake dancing carelessly its round dance — and attain happiness — But what if one believes in nothing ? Happiness. Happiness. 61 And Olga Veralskaya knew : she was that snow-flake ; she had been killed. The storm was blowing, sweeping onward, howling, raging. The fur coats were lying on the couch. The five image lamps were burning, the tile was shining dimly. Doctor Veralsky was heard snoring. The diary had fallen in her lap ; tears were falling in her lap. Tears for him. Her head had fallen in her hands. But what if one believes in nothing ? What if they had killed her like a snow-flake ? No, not they — he had killed her. The story of Olga Veralska - ya's life was simple : high school, college, the Red Front, where one could neither understand nor condemn, then he . . . A dark military hut, the smell of horses, a dim lantern on the wall, a horse's head, black eyebrows, black eyes, red lips — pain, pain, horror, horror, horror, disgust. That was all. The diary had fallen in her lap ; tears were falling in her lap. The image lamps were burning. Her eyes were lanterns in an autumn rain. Anxiety. Pain. Doctor Andrey Andreyeviteh Veralsky, dressed in a fur coat and felt boots, came out of his room yawning, and got near the stove. " Olenka, I've brought some mutton. Shall we treat ourselves to some mutton roast or use it for soup ? Tell Ilya about it." " Father, what did Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina die from ? " " She died from a shock. Got frightened when her house was searched. They found her dead under her bed. Why do you ask that ? " What was she like ? " " What sort a person you mean ? Well, rather depraved but kind-hearted Won't tell, then, Ilya about the meat ? Doctor Andrey Andreyeviteh yawned sweetly. II. On Christmas Eve a special messenger called at certain houses and deli - vered the following confidential note : v " and gentlemen : o If you wish to have the following goods : 84j | Sugar, refined 1000 rbls per lb. "8 * Sugar, pulverized 800 » » » 0 $ Mutton 450 » _ » » d Pork 700 » )&gt; » •H tO O 1* | S Meat, Tcherkask 225 » » » S0 a 8 Meat, Russian 100 » » » — you will please state the quantity desired to our messenger who will call at 6 p. m. (old time) and the specified goods will be promptly delivered to you. No deposit is required. We trust your honesty. Your Friends." 62 Christmas Eve. A big bright star was to rise on Christmas Eve to unite all men — but no star could yet be seen. The mother of Doctor P'ederoff was busy making pies and was happy because a Christmas star would rise in the evening, because there would be pelmenis (i) in the house, and, for once, no potatoes at all, and, above all, because Vassia was her only son — her all. And there would be napkins, and a table cloth, and kerosene oil, and sweets, and pelmenis — the best pelmenis in the city. Joy mixed with deepest sorrow — was the mother's; sorrow mixed with keenest joy — was the son's. The Doctor chopped wood and heated the stove for his mother, and his heart was overflowing with a fervent tenderness, with a fervent love for his mother. His mamma, his mammy, troubled and happy at the same time, was fussing around the pelmenis, sweets, and the mutton pie. On Christmas Night a ball was given at the Voyenkom's. There was an orchestra, waiters, geese, pork, cognac, cavalry, jjonka (i), cakes, pies, candy tableaux vwants, games of forfeit, charades, flying post, speeches. It was a joint meeting of the third element, i.e. the Intelligentzia, and the representatives of the Communist Party. But nothing special was happening on Christmas at the house of Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh, for if some people could and did find various provisions in the starving city, Bekesh was completely helpless. Together with his wife, mother, god-mother, and child he was forced to live on potatoes which, although including all his rations up to July, were in just sufficient to end the starving family's days by certain death in spring. Early on Christmas Eve Doctor Fedoroff and the writer lakov Kamynin stepped into see Ivan Petrovich Bekesh. In the blue twilight they came, walking in the crisp snow along many side-streets. Skirting the fields they came through the suburbs and past houses buried in snow to the roof. They found Ivan Petrovitch playing vingt-et-un with his wife, mother, and god-mother. He took his guests into his study containing a double-bed, a Japanese fan, and a table with postal cards arranged in symetric order. Kamynin who nearly reached up to the ceiling, sat down without removing his hat. Ivan Petrovitch knew why the writer and the doctor had come. Still he said : " Well, how did you blow in ? It's quite an age since I saw you." " On foot " answered Kamynin, " Yes." " Ha, ha, ha," Bekesh snickered "of course." " Have a smoke ; the makhorka (2) is quite strong : how are you getting on ? (1) A sort of meat pie. (2) A cheap tobacco. 63 a Hm... poor business. We live and eat, though, truth to tell, there is precious little to eat/' Silence. Smoke. " We came to see you about the " " Oh, I see, about the diary. All right, I have not changed my mind, but... " " Then agree to sell it ? " " I have not changed my mind, but, really, of what use is it to you ? Amuse - ment, I suppose. " I need it " said Karnynin and drew the smoke. " It is for Olga Veralskaya, for my dear Olenka " — Doctor FederofE was thinking with acute pain. " Yes, I suppose, as material for your writing." " That's it, I need it as material." " But allow me to ask, lakov Sergeyevitch, what you found interesting • • j &gt;} in it. " Well, know... Quite a lot, yes." " Are you going to write a novel around it ? " " Well, Ido not know. Perhaps." They remained silent. " How about the diary ? " " I am afraid I can not give it to you at this price." " What price ? " " The one agreed upon. I am selling it to you only because you are a writer. I would not sell it to any one else." " But nobody else would buy it except as wrapping paper." " You are right. You are absolutely right. Remember, however, that I put all my soul into it, all my life." " May be." " And you want it for a thousand roubles ! " Doctor Fedoroff looked at the trembling hands of Ivan Petrovich Bekesh and at his pale forehead. Ivan Petrovitch sat unnaturally erect, fidgeting as if he were on strings. And in the movements of his body, in the sweat on his forehead there was something loathsome, something cringing, calculating. lakov Kamynin, who had written fifteen books, and who looked like another Don Quixote, sat there with his bony legs spread wide apart, with his hat on, smoking wearily, speaking slowly and also wearify. " Olenka, Olenka, dearest, precious " thought Fedoroff and his heart was filled with love and pain. " Show me the diary, anyway." Ivan Petrovitch turned to get up, then remained in his place. 64 f&lt; Upon my word, lakov Sergeyevitch, Ido not know where it is. Parts of it are in the lumber room and you have other parts. I,et us speak of something else/' " Nonsense ; let us have done with that first/' " One moment : I am going to look for it." Ivan Petrovitch got under the table and took out a bundle of copy books. " How disgusting all this. Very disgusting. And what if one believes in nothing " — thought Doctor Pedoroff and turned his glance away. Kamynin rolled up another cigarette and began to undo the bundle. " Have another smoke ! The makhorka is quite strong... Well, how much, then ? " There is some of my poetry here, too." " All right, how much do you want for the whole thing ? " " Oh, you want to know the price ? Upon my word I did not intend selling it. I really do not know." " What human wretchedness " thought Doctor Fedoroff. " And what if one believes in nothing ? Olga Veralskaya believes in nothing, and yet her comb is sewn up carefully with cotton so that no one may notice it is broken. And mother, mammy dear, is busy making pelmenis in the city. And all for him, for Doc - tor Fedoroff. But the diary is for Olga Veralskaya." Then the Doctor said aloud : " Listen, it is getting late. I have a headache. Hurry up with that business." Ivan Petrovitch was watching Kamynin turn the pages, and suddenly his face brightened. " All right, I accept your offer ; only, please, leave me this copy book. It is quite small; it contains the story of my love for Olga Veralskaya. Her own notes on the margin are a precious memory for me. My first love. It is nothing to you. But to me her notes are most important. She wrote them in pencil. Leave them here." " Yes, I can leave them," said Kamynin. " No, no, take them too," said the doctor with emotion. " Leave them, doctor, " said Kamynin ; " it's a trifle." " Vassia, you are the friend of my childhood days, leave them with me " — pleaded Bekesh. " All right, it's all the same to me, all the same. Still lam very sorry " — said Doctor Fedoroff. " All right." "My soul. And so cheap ! " — this from Bekesh. And again the two walked silently through side streets, in the deep snow, in the blue twilight. Only the red light in the West had now gone out, and the twilight was driving the starry Christmas nails into the firmament. A beautiful woman was coming towards them. She was wrapped in a shawl and two pails 65 5 were hanging from a beam across her shoulders. Ivan Sergeyevitch looked intently at her and stopped, spreading his legs wide apart — which made him look like Don Quixote and a pair of scissors at the same time. Then he said : " Have a smoke... There is beauty even in pain. What a beautiful woman. Yes... and do you know, I've got three poods (i) of cod-liver oil and potatoes, and I can go on living and cultivating beauty for two years. I must write a book. I have written fifteen books already and each about a different woman. My wife, I think, is living with Tanatar. What does Olga Veralskaya really represent ? She is very beautiful. What a beautiful woman — the one with pails ! " " It is the wife of Bekesh " — said Fedoroff. " Maybe. But Bekesh is already selling his diary and I have still plenty of cod-liver oil." " lakov Sergeyevitch, are you not afraid ? " " I am, but I must write the book." — Kamynin added that he had beside potatoes and cod-liver oil also some denatured alcohol. Then the two separated. " Kamynins wife was absent. Keeping his hat and coat on, Kamynin found an old sword, peeled some potatoes with it and cooked them. He was crouching on the floor, and as he went into his work his mouth twisted con - vulsively to one side. He drank some denatured alcohol, some cod-liver oil, and soon fell asleep. His face now bore a calm and bright expression, though his lips were still nervousl} 7 contracted. And Doctor Fedoroff had pelmenis. There were also pies, napkins, a big lamp, and his mother was fussing about and repeating : " Eat, Vassenka, eat, my darling, have some more, my boy." The food was nice, but there were not enough pelmenis to appease his hunger. And his mother had been too busy to do her hair up for Christmas or to remove her old apron. But all over the earth people were celebrating the holiday when Satan cast his spell over the earth for the last time before the coming of spring, sunlight, and joy. A note was brought to Doctor Fedoroff. " The Soviet of the Workers' and Peasants' Deputies of the village Popovka Certificate This is to certify that the refugee from Popovka, citizen Anton lusofat Panashtchiuk wants to be vaccinated against catching the cholera on his jour - ney. His mother, who is in the city, wishes the same. For the County Soviet President I. Ptitzyn. (i) Pood — forty Russian pounds. 66 III. At Christmas people usually dress in their best clothes, go visiting their friends, retire at four in the morning, make merry, organize soirees, five o'clock teas, balls, make love and feel reborn as it were, though in reality they remain the same ; they suffer exactly as they did before or dodge suffering — also as they used to do. On this particular Christmas day everybody went to the Com - munist Club. All day long comrade Tanatar was driving through the city in his troika (i) giving rides to every girl he knew. And all night long Tanatar, the handsome Caucasian, Tanatar, lay like a huge tired cat before the holy images in the empty house of his father. The image lamps were burning in front of him, the silver of the ikons was shining dimly. Comrade Tanatar lay there crouching as if ready to leap, and his eyes, deep-set under the eyebrows, intense black spots on his dark thin face, seemed frenzied with the yellow reflection from the image-lamps. His wife, pale and white, appeared on the threshold and said noiselessly : " Get up, Samuel." And Tanatar pressed more closely to the floor in mad - dening agonizing fear. Once, at the front beyond the Volga, Tanatar stepped accidentally on a black lizard. Its bowels leaked out, its eyes started from its head ;if Tanatar's wife had seen that lizard then, she would have noticed that Samuel's eyes on this Christmas night were exactly like the eyes of the li - zard on that day in the steppe. " Get up, Samuel/' His wife, all white, was wandering that night through the dark rooms. She passed to the kitchen where the hilarious orderlies were playing treeleestneek (2). In the corridor one could distinguish by the light of the smoking night lamps, saddles, swords, rifles, uniforms, shoulder straps all thrown together in great disorder. It smelled of horse sweat. " Get up, Samuel." The snow-storm was raging outside — the storm which told Olga the stoiy of little Grandchild snow-flake. It must indeed have been a witch's spell. It was almost impossible to move about that night. The wind swept down from the roofs, made somersaults, whirled in a fury, blew from the devastated fields. The snow was heaving like a sea-wave. Instead of walking one was almost forced to crawl through the snowy dimness, the shrieking, groaning, howling whirlwind, the white obscurity, the white deadly song. A.nd on this night three people were hovering about the house of Andrea Veralsky on the Sibirna Mountain. Tanatar left his house, and felt at once as if the white witch the snow - storm had sunk her icy hands into his neck. Tanatar drew his head in and his (1) Team of three horses. (2) Trefoil, a game of cards. 67 birdlike face with its aquiline nose stuck out prominently. And again it seemed that the man, like some beast, was ready for a leap. Up to his waist in the snow Tanatar ploughed through it, crossing side-streets, turning corners, until he finally reached the invisible house of the Veralskys. Nothing could be seen two steps ahead. The storm was sweeping down from the mountains and the steppes, flying at the houses with a strident cry. Some one came right upon him. The tempest almost drowned the words : " Who is there ? " " The Commander of the Cavalry Division — is this Doctor Fedoroff ? " — Tanatar shrunk still further into himself, and Fedoroff did not know whether the cry that followed was the voice of Tanatar, the howling of the tempest, or the work of his own feverish brain : "He is watching Olga Veralskaya. Olga is mine, I won't give her up. Iyook out for Tanatar — Doctor ! He will kill you/' They separated but met again, frightened, and having met, noticed a third person. It was a white woman leaning against a fence. And when they had passed her, Tanatar bent over Fedoroff and whispered in his ear : " That is my wife. My wife. Green sickness. She follows me every - where ; she knows everything but is silent, always silent. Bloodless. Doctor Fedoroff, Vassia, what an empty existence ! Vassia, there is nothing worth living for. lam no better than a beast, uncultured, ignorant. And my wife, always silent, but knowing everything. She says that we must love man ; we must love the worst examples of man — even Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh. We have forgotten man." They crossed two side-streets, and met Bekesh. Ivan Petrovitch was stand - ing near a curbstone on which he had hurriedly placed a package. Having recognized them as friends, he shouted gaily : " You certainly frightened me. I have ruined myself to buy some bread for Christmas. lam carrying it in the dark so that nobody will take it away from me." In this snow-storm everybody came to the house of lakov Kamynin the writer. The guests drank tea out of soup plates, peeled potatoes with an old sword, sent for vodka, and played chemin defer amid the shrieking of the storm, the clatter of plates, and outbursts of laughter. All through the night and the following day, the writer lakov Kamynin and the voyenospetz Tanatar remained standing at the old round table ; they could not play otherwise. Oil-lamps were burning till the morning. The table was cluttered with cards, thousand - \ louble notes, glasses, plates, potatoes, tobacco. Tanatar's orderly went twice to ask Tanatar's wife, all pale and white, for regimental cash. Others, 68 having left the table, lay down on the sofa, to get np after an hour's nap and re - sume playing. The women left the room at daybreak and came back at noon. The room seemed like the faces of the players, haggard and drawn ; the air was dense with smoke and charged with alcohol. The mind, exhausted with extreme concentration, wandered absently over the round table, the carpet - covered and dust-smelling sofa. The mind of the writer lakov Kamynin was a dense gray like the smoke-filled room ; and black, pitch black was the mind of the voyenospetz Tanatar. Doctor Fedoroff had gone to bed long before and was now speaking in his sleep. Kamynin was probably right when he said to the newcomers : " Have a smoke. Cards, you know, are the only miracle in the world. Must be. That is why they are worth several sleepless nights. A miracle ! Who does not dream of it ? Queen of Spades, King of Trumps, and Nine — the unique miracle. And beauty. And woman — another miracle/' Kamynin, while playing, was writing at the same time mechanically on his calendar. " The miracle of days." The women came in the afternoon, after some hours of sleep. They cooked potatoes for the men. Kamynin's wife, however, Irina peeled potatoes not for her husband, nor for anyone else but Tanatar. Kamynin himself, hardly able to stand on his thin legs, was also peeling potatoes, while his eyes looked some - where far beyond. And Irina came and put her head not on her husband's shoulder but on Tanatar's. " Have you lost ? " — she asked in a low voice. " Lost everything." And Tanatar smiled naively " Regimental cash." " Much ? " " Two hundred." " Thousands ? " " Yes." " Who got them ? " " Can't recall. lakov, I think. Anyhow, it has been all spent on vodka." " Come to my room, I shall put you to bed." " All right, put me to bed. " And Tanatar smiled naively and helplessly. " Is it still snowing outside ? " " No, the storm is past." Nobody had ever seen Assyrian women, but everybody was certain they must have looked like Irina. Cup-like breasts, almond-shaped eyes, hair like that of the stony Ariman, stiff horse hair hanging in plaits 011 her bosom, face and body almost square, almost stone-like and yet mobile like those of a circus woman. Irina had, in fact, once been a circus rider in Odessa. 69 The men finished drinking, crowded into the corners like flies on an autumn day and, keeping their military and ftir coats on, went to sleep. The women were preparing the costumes for the evening masquerade. In the kitchen, the orderlies of the voyenospetz took a hand now at playing cards. Kamynin remained sitting at the table, 'where the game had been going 011. He was writing in his calendar and drinking wiiat was still left in the glasses. The adjutant, Prince Trubetzkoy sat beside him. They spoke to each other list - lessly. Before 1917, the prince was owner of property extending over several streets in Moscow as well as of some estates in the Government of Moscow, Tambov, Veronej and Poltava. Kamynin himself had owned a whole town in the West of Russia, and his former forests, wood-mills, mines, and factories were scattered through several Governments, he himself could not tell exactly where. " Let us send for another bottle of cognac, Prince, " said Kamynin lazily. " It would be best to take a bath now and have some white wine with strawberries " — answered the prince. " Fresh strawberries. Yes. A good idea. But you know, when lam play - ing cards and drinking champagne, fresh fruit is all right to begin with, but after awhile it's ham and cabbage I must have/' Kamynin went on writing figures then repeated lazily : " Let us send for another bottle of cognac, prince " After all, the cognac is not better than home-made brew." " Let us send for home-made brew then." " With red pepper and filet. We have plenty of bread." " W T ell, there is no bread left, but that's nothing, we can have raw meat, Prince." Kamynin wrote down the last figures, looked at his calendar a long time, then stood up, his thin legs wide apart and his hands under his arm pits. Tanatar, pale and with half-closed extinguished eyes, was lying in Irina's room, on the sofa, covered with a plaid and resting his head in Irina's lap. Kamynin and Fedoroff came into the room together with the twilight. Kamynin made an effort to keep his balance and said : " Have a smoke, Tanatar. Ira, I must write a book. A green forest, a birch forest, is cut down to be made into paper. Everything for a book. For beauty. For Beauty. Ira, you are living with Tanatar and I need another woman — for my book. Let us discuss the subject. Good and evil, truth and untruth — that is all nonsense. Beauty is the thing. We must solve all questions in a very simple way. I mean to ask Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya to be my wife." Twilight was descending. The window pane turned frosty blue. The church bells were ringing. Nobody moved. Nobody said a single word. 70 " Olga Audreyevna Veralskaya ! I must set it down very simply before her. For the sake of beauty, for the sake of the book. It is all very simple/' Twilight. Gray, blue twilight. Shadows were creeping into the corners. The face of Irina was the face of an Assyrian woman. " Ira, we still have some cod-liver oil, we 'Shall have enough for all three of us." " Tell us something about yourself, lakov." " Well; life is nothing : beauty is all. Beauty and miracles. X,et us quit life." "Do invite Olga, lakov, we shall drink together sometime. Imagine — two tipsy women ! " Gray twilight. Tanatar suddenly bounded up like a rubber ball. " Hey, a troika, vodka, Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya... All here !" The orderlies drove up the Division troika harnessed to a sledge. Tanatar fussed about the room putting on a driver's suit. Then he took Irina into his arms and began to shout incomprehensible words : " Anara — tai — ra ! " Tanatar took the driver's seat; Kamynin and P'edoroff sat down in the sledge. " Get up ! " The horses sent the silver dust flying ; the sledge was creaking, the bells jingling. The house of Veralsky on the Sibirna Mountain looked as dark and gloomy as ever. Fedoroff stayed with the horses. Kamynin and Tanatar went into the house. Tanatar remained in the cold parlor while Kamynin went into Olga Veralskaya's room. And when Kamynin came out of her room he stumbled upon something in the dark and noticed Tanatar crouching on the floor as if ready to jump like a black cat, and whispering (did Kamynin hear the whisper ?) : " Miracles happen ; miracles do happen. Don't play with secrets Olga. Don't." That evening Comrade Tanatar drove madly through the city, giving everybody a ride in his troika ; Irina, the girls, tipsy Kamynin, tipsy Trubet - zkoy, the various voyenospetzs. Then came the masquerade ball at the Communist Club. Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya had sewn up her comb very carefully so that no one might notice it was broken, but Olga Andreyevna did not come to the ball. The military orchestra thundered valses, Hungarian dances, mazurkas. The voyenospetzs, particularly those of the cavalry regiments had come with their spurs and swords and were the heroes of the occasion. The ladies were masked as Nights, Springs (in paper flowers), Birch Trees, lyittle Russians (with beads from the Christmas trees), Tyrol Peasants, Cucumbers, and Dominoes. And 71 because the baths of the city had not been heated and the perfumes had all been shipped to the villages by speculators, the air was thick with the smell of powder, tobacco, and the specific odor of the women's sweat. The voyenos - petzs clicked their heels and danced, inclining their heads to one side. Be - tween dances they went to the refreshment room to drink tea. Since 110 ladies were present there, all sorts of anecdotes were being recounted. " Maria Ivanovna told me yesterday that she would be dressed as Night and her sister Claudia as Cucumber. Well, I met Maria Ivanovna tonight and noticed beside her a Cupid. I thought this was Claudia and said : ' Why are you not a Cucumber ? 1 The Cupid burst out laughing and called me im - pertinent. " " That's nothing, but one fairy has a ribbon... " The orchestra struck up — the Hiawatha. A girl dressed in a cheap suit was waiting anxiously for some dancer to come along and invite her. Her little sister was in the way. Small, thin, with red hands, with a pale little face, in a shabby dress and mended stockings, the little girl looked at everybody with a frank and friendly glance of her pure bright eyes, laughed sweetly, and spoke sweetfy to her sister. JBut her sister answered reluctantly in monosyllables and looked back at her with anger. The little girl laughed and was happy. Then a post-office employee invited the sister and they went to dance. Doctor Fedoroff watched the little girl closely. She remained alone. She was sad and frightened, and she began to wander over the room, looking anxiously about her. The smile disappeared from her face. She looked fixedly ahead. Doctor Fedoroff probably did not notice that he said aloud : " There is still time ; it will come one day. Later. No. No." Doctor Fedoroff came towards the little girl and extended his hands. " Don't be sad, please, don't. Let us go and dance. Let us go and have some tea. Don't be sad. Come." The little girl ran away from the stranger straight into the crowd of coup - les dancing the Hiawatha. She burst out crying bitterly, loudly. Doctor Fedoroff threw himself on the table where tickets and home-made candies were being sold, and also began to cry, hiding his wet face in his hands and in the ticket books. '■ Water was brought to Doctor Fedoroff. People gathered around him. The Hiawatha stopped. Tanatar was most attentive and tender. And as he was putting the Doctor into the sledge, the little girl came out with her sister and the post-office employee. Nearly lifting the little girl by her hand, her sister repeated angrily : " Idiot, idiot, cry-baby ! " 72 When she saw Doctor Fedoroff, she whispered angrily to the post-office employee : " That one, too, — impertinent ! " IV. On New Year's Eve tlie voyenospetzs of the Division arranged a party in Kamynin's former country villa now become Soviet property. The house, over a century old, had been heated several days in succession but it was still cold and damp. And as this house had once been plundered, no lamps were now to be found and torches had to be used instead. On the gallery, in the white hall, the orchestra was playing in the dark, without notes and very badly out of tune. Some people came in the morning in order to spend the day in the country, to go out skiing or take a walk. Others arrived direct for supper. There is a special category of girls whose sole occupation is amusement. Plenty of them were present that evening. A company of ski-runners gathered on the edge of the forest around a little bright fir-tree. They lighted two candles on it, danced around it, and burned it up. The night came, deep and silent, bring - ing a myriad stars and lighting up a myriad icicles which also shone like stars. Supper was served in the stripped parlor lighted by torches. The company in uniforms, fur coats and hats sang, ate and drank. The orchestra played loudly, but nobody danced. After supper everybody took to drinking again. A great surprise was then staged. The writer Kamynin, the former owner of the house, opened, with his own key, a secret cupboard with wine. Some of the wine had become sour, some of the cognac and vodka had lost its flavor, but everybody drank, shouted hurrah, sang " You'll be buried when you die " and " Gaudeamus". Though half evaporated, there was still enough wine, cog - nac, and vodka left to carry on a cavalry attack. Everybody was merry. Some girls got on the fire-place and from there onto the shoulders of the voyenospetzs who were supposed to represent fiery steeds. This was called a cavalry attack. The cavalcade rushed screaming through the dark rooms. In the sitting room somebody started the game of Chemin defer. One could already hear whispers and screams coming from the dark rooms. Far from the sitting room the or - chestra went on playing. Tobacco smoke filled the sitting room where new cavalry detachments were constantly forming. The torches were smoking. Kamynin found a book on the window. It was the New Testament. Standing near a torch, his legs spread wide apart, Kamynin opened it at random and read aloud : " But he that is an hireling and not the shepherd whose own the sheep are, seeth the wolf coming and leaveth the sheep and fleeth, and the wolf catcheth them 73 and scatter eth the sheep ; the hireling fleeth because he is an hireling and careth not for the sheep." One of the young girls fell from the lire-place and screamed. Somebody said : " Va-banque." Tanatar came near Kamynin and said in a low voice : " Read something for me." The telephone rang piercingly in the deserted rooms of Olga Veralskaya (the yellow desert) and the voice of Samuel Tanatar was heard across the wire " Forgive me, Olga. Forgive me. I am so weary, so lonely. Forgive me. Forgive me everything. I shall expiate my sins. We have not long to live. We are doomed. Forgive me. My ugliness here is perhaps, but a yearning for other, more beautiful regions. I am speaking with the blood of my heart." And Olga answered in a low voice : m " Yes, I forgive you. I do. I forgive you everything. Nothing has hap - pened." Just as Tanatar was calling up Olga Veralskaya the whistle of Olga Nicolayevna blew at the foot of the mountain, and at that moment Andrey Andreyevitch Veralsky probably shouted through the window of the Club: " Ilya, fetch the carriage /' One of the girls fell from the fire-place and screamed. Some - bodysaid: "Va-banque." Tanatar came near Kamynin and said in a low voice : " Read something for me." " All right. Something from Matthew : 32. — Now learn a parable of the fig-tree : when his branch is yet tender and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh : 33. — So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things know that it is near, even at the doors. " Kamynin, completely drunk, finished and almost lost his balance. Ta - natar looked at him fixedly. " Shall I read for you now ? " " All right, read for me." "I do not need the book, I know it by heart. This is also from Matthew : Let the dead bury the dead. Chapter VIII. Let the dead... Tanatar turned abruptly and left the room. The lavatory was spoiled and the men had to go to the back porch. Tanatar followed tliem. The moon was hanging low above the horizon. Dogs were barking in the village. Tru - betzkoy put two fingers in his mouth and was sticking his head into the snow. Another voyenospetz was lying on the snow to cool off. Two others were still smoking. Tanatar walked down a couple of steps and stopped. " The imbeciles have dirtied everything." He took out the Nolan revolver, A low shot rang out, but Tanatar himself probably did not hear it. 74 The orchestra played funeral marches and the Internationale. Only one woman followed the red coffin of comrade Tanatar. It was his sad, thin, pale wife — his wife who knew everything. Night. Darkness. Snow. Stars. Silence. On the edge of the forest, near the rigid pine trees, little fir trees stood wrapped in snow and bent to the ground. One of them had been burned down and was still smoking. Silence. Immobility. The stars shone brightly and there were myriads of them. One star fell down. Silence. . The hours passed. Suddenly something began to move in the field, and a lone snow-flake came whirling among the fir trees. An - other followed and they both vanished. In the North somebody was pulling a dark mitten over the stars. Snow-flakes fell again — one, two, five. Two of them met, got entangled, whispered something to each other, merged in one «h and died. The forest answered the call of the snow-flakes. It sent up a piercing cry, and the fir trees bent their heads in a stately minuet. The trees cracked and began to drop old branches to the ground. And again there was silence. And again the snow-flakes came whirling — one, two, a hundred were born and died. The fir trees bent their heads in a new minuet. A shouting, a ringing, a howling was heard. The dark heavenly glove began to scatter grains over the earth. Snow-flakes got entangled. They found the space too narrow and dashed across the fields. Myriads of them. And the storm was on. The dead snow-flakes, born by the snow-storm and flying for thousands of miles over field, forest, river, and city, moaned, laughed, shouted, wept in their mortal agony. This snow-storm had not been announced. It came from beyond the Volga and was going in the direction of Yeletz, Kursk, Sumy, Poltava. Doctor Andrey Andreyevitch Veralsky did not go to see his patients in the storm and was reading Mayne Reid all day. Dressed in his fur coat, cap, and boots, he came out for lunch at three. He ate shtchee (i) made of sour cabbage and mutton. He looked silently at Olga and said gloomily : " Iyife is hard nowadays Olga. You have had a rest. You might be looking for something to do — teaching, perhaps. The holidays are over. You ought to work. You would not feel so lonesome, then. Have some mutton." A word about Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh. Ivan Petrovitch came to the writer Kamynin, spoke about the diary, and finished by saying that the price he had asked for it was far too low and ought therefore to be raised or the diary returned to him. Kamynin answered that he had bought the diary not for himself, but for Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya, (i) A kind of soup. Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya met Kamynin on tlie following morning in the labor bureau. A young girl with sheepish black eyes and hips like the back of a sledge was being registered before them, " What is your profession ? " — asked the woman clerk. " I am a political emigrant " — answered the girl. " Before 1917, I lived within the pale (2). My name is Sofia Pindrik." " I see." It was Kamynin's turn. " Your profession ? — asked the clerk. " A writer." And the woman clerk wrote down in the corresponding register : " Clerk." Boris Pilniak (Translated By Louis Lozowick) (2) Territory Jews are allowed to settle. 75 André Derain Woodcut 77 LES NOCES DE CLYTE While it was light, he was attended by a virgin crisp as green lettuce. Her kisses left rings of coolness on his cheeks. She had slipped away between the buildings of the city ; the windows still shining where she had loved her image. Around the corner night waited drugs dripping from her fingers... John Crawford THE WOODPECKER Who is that doctor down there mid the flowering hemp, putting his ear in turn to all the trees ? That steady hammering seems the work of a crazy carpenter, all the day furiously nailing up coffins, alone there, mid the hemp and the stubble. Every now and again he stops and flies madly away, bursting out into a horrible eerie laugh. Corrado Govoni (Translated by E.S.) 78 RUSSIAN BERLIN German Berlin is astir. Isadora Duncan came from Russia, flying in an aeroplane. But Russian Berlin is in even greater commotion. For Isadora Duncan did not come empty-handed ; she brought some pre - cious freight along, to wit : A poet, And a husband — All the same person, to be sure, the famous Russian Imaginist-peasant bard, Sergey Yessenin. Isadora Duncan and Sergey Yessenin will stay in Berlin for a time, take a flying trip to Paris and London, and in October depart for America where a well known concert bureau has engaged them to tour the country. The bu - reau is reliable. Their success is assured. To return to Berlin, however. The first thing for the couple to do was naturally, to visit the Russian " House of Art " (Dom Isskusstva), an insti - tution where all great, near-great and would-be-great foregather without dis - tinction of race, religion or previous condition of servitude, where talk and soda water flow in an unending stream ; where theories and tobacco are consumed in alarming quantities (both meeting the same fate). Everybody turned out for the festive occasion. The meeting was opened uncommonly early, to be precise : at half past ten P. M. which is not to say that Yessenin was there. He let the audience wait. The audience did. Iyong but not in vain. For as the midnight bell rang (he choose the psychological moment), Yessenin appeared arm in arm with Isadora Duncan. The windows shook. It was no tempest without; it was a thunderous applause within. En - thusiasm was boundless. No wonder some young chap forgot himself (which was not so bad) forgot the fact that the " House of Art " was non-political (which was far worse) and shouted : " Vive rinternationale." (He meant the organization of course). Isadora Duncan who did not know the rule of the House took up the cry : " Chantez la " she said (she meant the song, of course). " Down with the International! " broke in a white guard officer (he meant both, of course). And then the fun began. The Whites (rather black) and the Reds (ra - ther pink) were each determined to fight out the battle to the bitter end. It was the liveliest meeting in the history of this staid and lukewarm institution. Things went so far that Yessenin's fellow Imaginist, the fine Circassian poet Kussikov,who had smelt powder in his Red Army days, w t anted neither more nor less than to shoot the white guard officer, " like a puppy " as he eloquently put it. Yessenin himself who had seen enough scandal in his Imaginist Club at Moscow to suffice half a dozen other men a long lifetime, would not be dis - comfitted by a little incident like that. Anyhow, the Whites were completely routed and the International rang out, quite naturally, out of tune and with overlapping stanzas, but none the less full-lunged and enthusiastic. Then Yessenin got up on a chair and read. Only Russians can read thus and only one of them, Yessenin. Words that pounce upon you, pummel you, lash you, cut into your flesh, daze 3^ou. It is the peasant revolution million-voiced that speaks through the verse of Yessenin, the revolution with all its excesses and contradictions. A dualism can be traced through all his work. The poet who at one moment declares himself so harmless as not to touch a hare, is ready, at the next, to stick somebody with a knife. The poet so humble as to tip his hat to the cow on the sign of the city butcher .shop, is sufficiently daring to reform God himself. Tender and coarse almost in the same breath : " Good night ! " " Good night to you all." " The scythe of evening rang out upon the glass of dusk. Somehow I feel like to-night. From my window to take a — on the moon." (Confession of a Scamp) The down-trodden are not sufficiently sophisticated, not sufficiently schooled n the hypocricies of civilization to mince their words or check their instincts. They have an inestiguishable love for animal existence. That is why they are ready to take bitter revenge for past wrongs, defend stubbornly present pri - vileges, and stake all for future freedoms. Yessenin understands the downtrodden. If he is to be believed, only prostitutes and bandits can understand him. Calling Nietzsche to witness, this might be a compliment to those who appreciate the poetry of Yessenin, though they have not the good luck to be prostitutes or bandits. Doubtless they possess the requisite qualifications potentially, but they most have escaped their fate through mere accident (explanation of which may be found in Freud — or in Marx). In this respect they are not unlike Yessenin himself : If I were not a poet, I would surely be a crook and thief/' (In the Land of Rogues) During the unprecedented upheaval in Russia, events have been moving at a giddy speed. The poetry of Yessenin moves synchronously with the speed of events. He piles novel image upon image ; he creates a new mythology ; he invents new rhythms. The revolutionary trend will never quite be the same again. But it has already been arrested, rendered concrete and lasting in the poetry of Yessenin L.L. PyRNESTO Fratoni, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by a I,'UniverseHe » Tmprimerie Polyglotte —~ Roma, THE LEY OF 7R a 112 d or or In Six Cantos by THE COMTE de EAUTREAMONT [ Isidore Ducasse: 1850 -70 ] Translated, from the French by JOHN RODKER with 3 Plates after Odii ( on Redon and with the Introduction by REMY de GOURMOJS/7 and a new one by the translator. An Edition limited to 1,000 numbered Copies, of which 100 Copies will be 011 large paper, specially bound, and with plates in duplicate. This book is practically unknown in English-speaking coun- tries and very little in France. Its infernal grandeur, monstrous and tortured pride and touching puerility, reach a sublime height found only in Wm. Blake. It is impossible in a note, to give any idea of the magnificence of its aspirations. Remy de Gourmont says of it : ' This book will remain unique and from now on belongs to that list of works which, to the exclusion of all classicism, forms the limited library and only possible reading of those whose ill made spirits will not lend themselves to the less rare joys of the common- place and of conventional morality.' This book, Demy Bvo. on hand made paper and of about 350 pages with prefaces will be privately printed on his own press by the translator and should be ready in October 1922. Application for copies price £2, ( large paper £3), to be made in advance to : — John Rodker 4 a Took's Court, Chancery Lane London E.C.4 Subscribers may rest assured that the production will be a worthy one, and that it will receive the care and attention which characterised the Ovid Press of which most of the publications issued 1919-20 are now out of print. Pa rf u m PARI S „ c The new COTY creation -V &gt; * o»v , - &gt;. Cr/ie fascination of —the vivid fcersorialitij 112 thei citxf couvaqe—it breathies its inches ctihcthie allure irz the, exqjtilsite pe-jfttrne PAR.I S,, the veritable, spirit essence of" Hs. the city CJ "PARIS,, ESSENCE TOILET WATER FACE POWDER COMPACT SACHET Qleuj ( 7t4- fjftfth d/Ivenue tyTlontreal 14- Phillips Scjuare I —- — ' I —I I —l-*—l ea 3 DREIC o I—l- — J I — I ~; —r ~—l ~T— I —i —l 560 U venue c inew tfJork, r= i^±zz=t=!=±TT=lM E=3 i 1 I —— I i ' i— — i— — I r=n i— i — i l-r-l—r-l z; IIIIIIUIUHiailBHHII«i:«V t m IT J. m s iiiltiP- XVI th Ce I nlur w ■J ET ewe Casket beio ngi to the de^enddmfi §sl SS, m nsrw S 'Lfje §reaf Oconocfasf Smasher of idols, deflater of balloons, pricker of bubbles, destroyer of illusions, and constant, implacable fighter of shams of all kinds, THE SMART SET is the great iconoclast among magazines. And because it is equally fearless in publishing what is good regardless of popular " taste" or author's obscurity, and because it publishes nothing that is not good, it has gathered an audience that is remarkable alike for its sophistication and its intellectual brilliance. Every appreciative reader of BROOM should read THE SMART SET regularly also. In many like BROOM, it is in many other ways the natural complement of BROOM. The two magazines together furnish an intellectual diet that contains the proper proportions of proteins, vitamines and other properties essential to perfect intellectual and spiritual nourishment. As a matter of fact, the foregoing paragraphs might well have been omit- ted, as they are all contained in the plain statement that Henry L. Mencken and George Jean Nathan are the editors of THE SMART SET and regular contributors to it. The literary and dramatic criticisms of these gentlemen need no comment here ; but it may be well to state that " Repetition Gene- rale which appears in each issue and which is a joint contribution, contains some of the most remarkable writing of the day, writing which will delight your soul. Gentle reader of BROOM, fill in the coupon below NOW, while it is in your mind. You'll be thankful all your life. THE SMART SET, 25 West 45 th St., New York. For the enclosed Four Dollars send me THE SMART SET for 12 months; and send me copy of book checked below as a premium free with the subscription. the; critic and the; drama, By George Jean Nathan. THE GIRI&lt;S, by Edna Ferber CHEKHOV'S NOTEBOOK BROOMAn Internationai, Magazine op the Arts Published by Harold A. Iyoeb.Editor, Harold A. Loeb. Associate Editor, Edward Storer. American Editor, Lola Ridge. august, 1922 APPEARS MONTHLY vol. 3, no 1. The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon- sible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the NewYork office.The price of Broom is :For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3/6 the copy, and one pound and fifteenshillings for a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement ofsame will be prosecuted.Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. Y. April 22, 1922under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, 68, Via Leccosa, Rome (9), Italy.New York Office, Three East Ninth Street,London Office, Cecil, Palmer, Oakley House, 15-18 Bloomsbury St., W. C. I. PyRNESTO Fratoni, Gerente responsabile. Printed in Italy by a I,'UniverseHe » Tmprimerie Polyglotte —~ Roma, Cover Design — MarcoussisExordium to Ducasse — Will Bray 3The Lay of Maldoror — Comte de Lautreamont . 4Woodcuts — Max Weber 14~75Novemberleventh — James Daly 15Woodcut — Andrio Derain (From " I/Enchanteur Pourrissant") 17French Letters and the War — Jacoues Riviere 18Poems — Yvor Winters " 30At 125 Boulevard St. Germain — Benjamin Peret . , 31Peripatetics VI &amp; Vegetable Classic — Matthew Josephson 4*~42Woodcut — Andre: Derain - . 43Six Characters in Search of an Author. Act 111 — Luigi Pirandello ...... 44Hula-Hula — William Carlos Williams 55Woodcut — Andre: Derain 56At the Doors — Boris Pilniak . . . 57Woodcut — Andre: Derain 76IvEs Noces de Clyte — John Crawford 77The Woodpecker — Corrado Govoni 77Russian Berlin — L. L 78 EXORDIUM TO DUCASSE Will Bray The age has been far more reluctant to concede the genius of Isadore Ducasse(" Comte de l,autreamont ", 1850-1870), than is the case, perhaps, of any other of theextraordinary personalities of the past century. His writings, speciously damned asthe maunderings of a madman, were regarded up to very recently as having little in- terest, save for the alienist. Spurned thus by the French, there would have been littleenough opportunity for that considerable part of the world which reads English to judgeof his case, were it not for the enterprise of Mr. Rodker in translating Les Chants deMaldoror.In France, however, the younger generation, which otherwise might well havebeen stifled by the sterile traditions of the preceding art-period, has taken Ducasseto its heart, and is producing a literature of great fertility, freedom, invention, agres- siveness. It is postulated that the post-war period is, or is to become, a very pregnantone, an age of unrivalled physical attainments and of the desperation born thereof.To the period which has just set in, the personality of Ducasse, like that of Rimbaud,exercises a dominant attraction. These two weie the vaticinal spokesmen for a stateof mind whose brutality and beauty none could have foretold.The nineteenth century, again — it always serves as a point of departure — wasenmeshed in a vicious cycle of quiddities and casuistries from which the spirit emergedinto either an unhealthy Christianity or a hybrid Epicureanism. Ducasse, like Rim- baud, was neither pagan nor Christian. We are extricated from these dreaded cate- gories as we are from the fruitless post hoc ergo propter hoc.The " Songs of Maldoror " form a legend on an heroic scale of the naked humanpassions working out their destinies. Since we have come to know more familiarlythe cavernous recesses of the mind and the momentous play of the unconscious in thediurnal existence, the presumption of a Ducasse becomes pardonable. The contained,complex social nature of man drops off like an outworn robe. There is escape atlast from the button-moulder who menaced Peer Gynt. The standard associations ofthought are forsworn ; the motivation verges from the most frightful niceties of obser- vation to gestures of gigantic scope, while the human role in the drama of nature be- comes that of Prometheus. Man is a beast again ; his laughter, his weeping, hishowling, are as insistent and clamorous as those of the other beasts in the jungle.With the nullification of human reason, the mind abandons itself to a sort of destructive sincerity, whereby all may be denied or posited, and nothing is impossible. Thegift of song in man becomes atavistic again, chanting against pain, hunger and danger.In Maldoror the incantations assume the rhythm of the baying of hounds, the long swellof sea-waves, or the furious velocity of a life that is consumed like a flame acrossthe sky. THE LAY OF MALDOROR First Canto Comte de Lautréamont (Translated by John Rodker) May it please Heaven that the reader, emboldened and becometemporarily ferocious like what he is reading, will find his sudden andsavage way across the lonely marshes of these sombre and poisonedfilled pages without losing himself ; for unless he bring to his readinga rigorous logic and tension of spirit equal at least to his suspicion, themortal emanation of this book will soak his soul as water does sugar.It is not a good thing for all the world to read the pages which areabout to follow ; a few only will, without danger, taste this bitter fruit.Therefore, timid soul, before penetrating further into such unexploredterritory, direct your heels backwards and not forwards. Ivisten wellto what I say to you : direct your heels backwards and not forwards ;like the eyes of a son who respectfully turns away from the augustadmiration of the maternal visage ; or rather, like a wedge of deeplythoughtful and chilly cranes, who under full sail, fly powerfully throughthe winter across the silence, towards a certain point 011 the horizon,whence comes suddenly a violent and strange wind, forerunner of thestorm. The oldest crane, itself the ' vanguard \ noting this, wavesits head like a reasonable person, consequently its beak also is madeto clap, and is not pleased (I too would not be happy were I in itsplace) while its aged neck, featherless and contemporary with threegenerations of cranes, moves in irritable undulations as presage ofthe storm which approaches nearer and nearer. After having lookedseveral times coolly about her in all directions with eyes full of exper- ience, the leader prudently (for she it is who has the distinction ofshowing her tail feathers to the other cranes, her intellectual inferiors)with her watchful cry as of a mournful sentinel; to repulse the commonenemy, gracefully turns the point of the geometric figure (it may bea triangle, but the third side which these curious birds of passage form like an experienced captain whether to port or to starboard is notseen) and manoeuvring with wings hardly larger than a sparrow'ssince she is no fool, takes another and surer philosophical path. By moonlight, near the sea, in remote parts of the countryside,plunged in bitter meditations, one sees everything take 011 yellow,doubtful and fantastic shapes. Now quickly, now slowly, the trees'shadows run, approach and approach again in every shape, flatteningthemselves, pressing closely to earth. In the past, when I was car- ried away upon the wings of youth, that made me dream, seemedstrange to me ; now I am used to it. The wind moans through theleaves wdth languorous notes, and the owl recites its solemn lamentmaking the hair of those who hear it stand on end. Then the dogs,made savage, break their chains, escape from distant farms ; fly throughthe countryside in all directions, a prey to madness. Suddenly theystop, examine all round them with ferocious disquiet; eyes blazingand like the elephants, which throw round them in the desert onelast look at the sky, despairingly raising their trunks before dying,their ears hanging inert; so the dogs leave their ears inert, lifting theirheads, puffing out their dreadful necks and in turn like a baby cryingwith hunger, or like a cat on a roof wounded in the belly, or like awoman about to bring forth, or like a plague-stricken moribund inhospital, or like a young girl singing a noble air; begin to bay the north- ern stars, the eastern stars, the southern stars, the western stars ;the moon, the mountains resembling giant rocks, reclining in darkness;the icy air they inhale deeply from a distance, and which makes the in- sides of their scarlet nostrils burn, the nocturnal silence ; the screechowl carrying off a rat or a frog in its beak, living food, tender forthe living ones, in oblique flight brushing their muzzles; the haresdisappearing in the twinkling of an eye ; the thief who after his crimeflies fast as hoofs will carry him ; snakes disturbing the heather whichmakes their skin quiver and gnash their teeth ; their own baying which frightens them ; the toads they crush with one snap of the jaw(why did they leave the marsh?) ; the trees whose gently wavingleaves are so many uncomprehensible mysteries to them, which theywish to solve with their staring intelligent eyes ; the spiders hangingamong their long legs who clamber up trees to save themselves,the crows who could not find anything to eat during the day and whoreturn to the nest with tired wings; the rocks of the shore, the fileswhich appear at the masts of invisible vessels, the hollow noise ofwaves, the great fish which, swimming show, their black backs, thendisappear into the abysm, and man who enslaves them. After whichthey again rush through the countryside, leaping with bloody pawsacross ditches, roads, fields, passes and craggy stones. One wouldthink them mad, seeking some waste lake to quench their thirst.Their prolonged baying terrifies nature. Woe to the belated traveller !The cemeteries' friends will cast themselves upon him, will tear him&gt;will eat him with blood-dripping fangs, for their teeth are not decayed.The wild beasts, not daring to approach and take part in the mealof flesh, fly trembling out of sight. After some hours, the dogs, har- assed by running in all directions, and half dead, tongues hanging fromtheir mouths, without knowing what they are doing, fall with an in- credible swiftness, one upon the other, tearing each other into athousand pieces. They do not behave thus out of cruelty. Oncemy mother said to me with glassy eyes, " When from your bed, youhear the baying of dogs in the countryside, hide under the blankets,nor mock their behaviour ; they have an unquenchable thirst for theinfinite, like you, like me, like the rest of humanity with long andpallid features. I even permit you to stand in front of the window toobserve the spectacle, sublime enough. '' Since then I have observedthe dead one's wishes. Tike the dogs, I too feel the need of theinfinite ... I cannot, I cannot satisfy this need !According to what I have been told, I am the son of man andof woman. That astonishes me ! For the rest, what does it matterwhence I come ? I thought more of myself. For myself, if it haddepended on my own will, I would rather have wished to be the son of the female shark, whose hunger is the friend of tempests, and of thetiger of well known cruelty ; I will not be so malignant. You wholook at me, go to a distance, for I exhale a poisonous breath. Noone has yet seen the green wrinkles of my forehead, nor the projectingbones of my emaciated face, like the backbone of some great fish,or the rocks, covering the sea shore, or the abrupt alpine mountains,which I often travelled over, when I wore hair of a different color onmy head. And when during stormy nights I prowl round the habit- ations of mankind, eyes burning, hair whipped by the storm wind,solitary as a stone in the middle of the road, I cover my withered facewith a scrap of velvet, black as the soot which fills the insides of chim- neys ; it would not do for eyes to witness the ugliness that the SupremeBeing with a smile of mighty hate, has put upon me. Every morning,when the sun rises — for others, scattering joy and salutary heat to allnature, while no one of my features moves, gazing fixedly into thespace filled with shadow, crouching in the depths of my beloved cave,in a despair which intoxicates me like wine, I tear my chest in shredswith powerful hands, yet I feel that I have not got hydrophobia. YetI feel that it is not only I who suffer .. . ! Yet I feel that I breathe !Bike a condemned man who tries his muscles, meditating upon theirfate, and who will soon mount the scaffold, upright upon my pallet, eyesclosed, I turn my neck slowly from right to left, left to right duringwhole hours ; I do not fall stark dead. From moment to moment,when my neck can no longer continue to turn in the same inertia,and stops in order to begin to turn the opposite way I see suddenlythe horizon through the thick brushwood, which cloaks the morth: Idonot see anything ! Nothing .. . but for the countryside which dancesin whirlwinds with the trees and with the long files of birds which tra- verse the sky.That upsets my blood and brain .. . Who is it then who hitsme on the head with a bar of iron, like a hammer striking an anvil ?I propose to declaim full-throatedly and unemotionally the coldand grave strophe you will hear, Be then attentive to its content and protect yourself against the painful impression which it cannotfail to leave like a blemish on your troubled thoughts. Do not imag- ine me to be at death's door, for I am not yet a skeleton, and agedoes not cling to my forehead. Put aside therefore any idea of compar- ison with the swan in that moment when his existence takes flight,but see before you some monster, whose face I am glad you cannotsee ; but that is less horrible than its soul. All the same, I am nocriminal. . . Enough on this point. No great while has elapsed sinceI saw again the sea, and walked the bridges of ships, and my souven- irs are as lively as though it were but yesterday I left them. Bethen, if you are able, at least as calm as myself in perusing this whichI already repent of offering you, and do not blush at the thought ofwhat the human heart is. Octopus, with the silky gaze! Youwhose soul is inseparable from my own, you the most beautiful ofthe terrestrial globe, lord of a harem of four hundred suckers, you inwhom the tender communicative virtue and divine grace sit noblyas though at home, mutually agreeing and indestructibly united, whyare you not with me, your mercury belly pressed to my aluminiumchest, both resting upon some rock by the shore, and contemplatingthe view I love.Ancient ocean, whose waves are crystal, you resemble somewhatthose azure marks to be seen on the bruised backs of cabin boys ;you are an enormous bruise upon the earth's body; I like this analogy.So at first sight of you, a prolonged sigh of sadness passes, whichmight be imagined the murmur of the suave breeze, leaving ineradic- able traces upon the deeply moved spirit, and you recall to lover'smemories, often unknown to them, the crude origins of mankind ;when it became acquainted with abiding sorrow. I salute you,ancient ocean.Ancient ocean, your harmoniously spherical form which delightsthe solemn countenance of geometry ; but too well recalls to me thetiny eyes of mankind, similar to those of the wild boar for smallness,and to those of night birds in the circular perfection of contour. Nev- ertheless mankind has thought himself beautiful in all ages. But I imagine rather that mankind only believes in his beauty out of conceit,and that he is not actually beautiful and suspects it; for, why doeshe look at the faces of his fellows with so much scorn ? I salute you,ancient ocean ! Ancient ocean, you are the symbol of identity, for ever equal toyourself. You do not essentially change, and if your waves are wildin one place, far off, in some other region, they are in utter calm.You are not like mankind, who stops in the street to watch two bull- dogs seize each other by the neck, but does not stop when a funeralis passing ; who is agreeable in the morning and bad-tempered inthe evening; laughs to-day and cries to-morrow. I salute you,ancient ocean ! Ancient ocean, it is not impossible that, as fabulous as futile util- ities for mankind are hidden in your breast. Already you have giv- en him the whale. You do not easily allow the greedy eyes ofnatural science to divine the thousand secrets of your hidden organ- isation : you are modest. Man prides himself without ceasing, andfor trivialities. I salute you, ancient ocean ! Ancient ocean, the diverse families of fish which you feed havenot sworn brotherhood with each other. Each family keeps to it- self. The temperaments and forms which vary in each of them,explain satisfactorily what at first appears only an anomaly. So itis with man, who has not the same excuse. If a scrap of earth, isinhabited by thirty million human beings, they think themselvesbound not to interfere in the lives of their neighbours, fixed like rootsin the ad joinings scrap of earth. Descending from the great to the small, each man lives like asavage in his lair, rarely leaving it to visit his fellow, similarly crouchedin another lair. The large universal family of humanity is a Utopiaworthy of the most mediocre logic. Besides, the sight of your fruitfuldugs releases the idea of ingratitude, for one immediately thinks ofall those numerous parents so ungrateful to the Creator as to abandonthe fruit of their miserable union. I salute you, ancient Ocean.Ancient ocean, your material grandeur can only be compared with the measure one imagines of how much active force was neededto engender the whole of your bulk. You can tbe comprehended ina flash. To contemplate you, sight must turn its telescope in acontinuous movement through the four quarters of the horizon, evenas a mathematician in resolving a problem is obliged to examine indiv- idually each possible variant before he can settle the difficulty.Man eats nourishing things and makes other efforts, worthy of a betterfate, to appear plump. Let this adorable frog swell as much as itwants. Be at peace, it will never equal your hugeness, at least Isuppose not. I salute you, ancient ocean.Ancient ocean, your waters are bitter. They taste exactly likethe bile which criticism distils upon art, science, everything. If one isa genius he is made to pass for an idiot, if someone else has a beautifulbody he is made a frightful hunchback. Indeed man must feel hisimperfections strongly (three parts of which are due entirely to himself)to criticise himself thus. I salute you ancient ocean.Ancient ocean, mankind, despite the excellence of his methodand assisted by scientific methods of enquiry has not yet arrived atmeasuring the giddy profundities of your abysms ; some you havewhich the longest and heaviest sounding lines have admitted in- accessible. To fish ... it is permitted .. , not toman. Often have Iasked myself which were the easier to discover, the oceans depths orthe heart of man.Often, my hand to my forehead, standing on ships while the moonswung erratically between the masts, I have surprised myself abstractedto everything which was not the end I pursued, striving to resolve thedifficult problem.Yes, which is the more obscure, the more impenetrable of thetwo ; the sea or the human heart ? If thirty years experience oflife may up to a certain point incline the balance towards one or otherof these solutions it will be allowed me to say that despite the obscurityof the sea, it cannot toe the line, as far as this quality is concerned, withthe obscurity of the human heart. I have had to do with men whohave been virtuous. They died at sixty and no one hesitated to cry out: "They did good upon the earth, that is to say, they were char- itable : that's all, it was not malicious, everybody can do as muchWho can understand why two lovers who idolised each other the daybefore, for some misunderstood word will part stung by hatred, by re- venge, by love and by remorse ; each draped in his lonely pride,never to see the other more ? It is a miracle which each day renewsitself and which is not the less miraculous. Who can understand whyone relishes' not only the general disgrace of one's fellows, but even theparticular disgraces of one's nearest friends, though afflicted at thesame time ?An irrefutable example to close the series : man hypocriticallysays yes and thinks no. That is why the young wild boars of humanityhave so much trust in each other and are not egotistical. Psychologyhas still far to go. I salute you ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, youare so powerful that mankind has learnt it to his cost. It might wellemploy all the resources of its genius . . . incapable of dominating you.It has found a master. I say it has found something stronger thanitself. This something has a name. That name is ocean. You in- spire him with such fear that he respects you. Despite that, youmake his heaviest machines waltz easily, gracefully and with elegance.You make them leap gymnastically to the sky, and amazingly plungeto the very bottom of your realms; a clown would be jealous. Theyare happy if you do not ultimately wrap them in your frothing folds,to go and see, without the help of a train, how the fish are in yourwatery entrails, above all how they themselves do.Man says"I am more shrewd than the sea". It is possible, itis even fairly true, but he is more afraid of the sea than the sea ofhim : and that it is unnecessary to prove. This watchful patriarchcoeval with the earliest epochs of our suspended sphere, smiles piti- fully when he assists at the sea fights of nations. Behold a hundredleviathians issued from the hands of humanity. The emphatic com- mands of superiors, the cries of the wounded, the shock of cannonsare noises expressly made to obliterate a few seconds. It seems thatthe drama is over and that the sea has put everything into its maw. Its jaws are frightful. It must be enormous toward the back in thedirection of the unknown. Finally to crown the stupid and noteven interesting comedy, one sees, some crane hung in the sky, belatedby tiredness, which begins crying, without interrupting the sweep ofits flight: " Hold !. . . I find that disagreeable. In the distancethere are black specks ; I have closed my eyes ; they are gone. "I salute you, ancient ocean. Ancient ocean, majestic bachelor, when you survey the gravesolitude of your phlegmatic kingdoms, justly you swell with pride atyour own magnificence, and the truthful praises which I hasten tooffer you. Voluptuously swayed by the soft exhalations of yourmajestic deliberation, the most grandiose amongst the attributeswith which the sovereign might has gratified you, centred in sombremystery, you spread out, over all its sublime surface, your incompar- able waves, with the calm feeling of your eternal might. They followeach other in parallel, separated by brief intervals. Hardly does onegrow smaller when another goes to meet it growing larger, and accom- panied by the melancholy noise of spume which melts away to warnus that all is spume. (Thus, human beings; living waves, dyingone after the other, monotonously; but without leaving a spumynoise).The bird of passage rests upon them confidently, and abandonsitself to their movement, full of proud grace, until the bones of itswings have received the accustomed vigour to continue the aerialpilgrimage.I wish human majesty were not merely the incarnation of thereflection of your own. I ask a good deal and this sincere wish is toyour glory. Your moral grandeur, image of the infinite, is like thephilosopher's reflections, woman's love, birds' divine beauty, the poetsmeditations. You are more beautiful than the night. Answer meocean, will you be my brother ? Stir yourself impetuously. . . more. . . still more, if you desire me to compare you to the vengence ofGod, stretch your livid claws clearing a path across your own bosom . . .well done. Unroll your terrifying waves, hideous ocean, comprehended of myself alone, and before wliom I fall prostrated on my knees. Man'smajesty is borrowed ; lie will not impose upon me at all; you, yes.Oh ! when you advance, crest high and terrible, surrounded by yourtortuous folds as though by a court, magnetic and ferocious, rollingyour waves one upon the other conscious of what you are, while fromthe deeps of your breast and as though overcome by an intense sorrowwhich I am unable to penetrate, you utter that hollow bellowing somuch feared of men, even though, breathing upon the shore, theyregard you in safety ; then I see that the high right of calling myselfyour equal does not belong to me. That is why, before your superio- rity, I would devote all my love to you (and nobody knows how muchlove my aspirations towards the beautiful contain) if you did notmake me think painfully of my fellows, who make the most iron- ical contrast with you, the most comical antithesis ever seenthroughout creation ; I cannot love you, I hate you. Why do I comeback to you, for the thousandth time, to your friendly arms, whichhalf open to kiss my burning brow, which sees its fever vanish attheir contact! Ido not know your hidden destiny; everything whichconcerns you, interests me. Tell me then if you are the dwellingplace of the Prince of Darkness. TeU me .. . tell me, ocean (onlyto me, so as not to sadden those who so far have but known illusions)and whether the breath of Satan makes the tempests which lift yoursalty waters to the clouds. You must tell me, because I would behappy to know hell so near mankind. I want this to be the last stro- phe of my invocation.Consequently, I want once again to hail you and say good-bye !Ancient ocean with crystal waves, my eyes moisten with abundanttears and I have not the strength to continue, for I feel that themoment to go back among man of the brutal countenance is comebut .. . courage. Iyet us make a great effort and end with thesentiment of duty, our destiny upon this earth. Hail, ancientocean.If it is sometimes logical to relate oneself to the manifestations ofphenomena, this first canto would finish here. Do not be severe on him who but still tunes his lyre ! Nevertheless, should you wishto be impartial, you will have received already a decided impressiondespite his imperfections. As for myself, I am setting to work againto produce within a not too delayed period of time, a second canto.The decline of the 19th century will see its poet (all the same, to be- gin with, one should not start with a masterpiece, but follow the lawsof nature) ; he was born on American shores, at the mouth of Ba Plata,there where two races, once rivals, now strive to surpass each otherin material and moral progress. Buenos Aires, queen of the South,and Montevideo, the coquette, hold out to each other friendly handsacross the argentine waters of the great Estuary. But continualwar has fixed his destructive empire upon the fields and reaps withjoy his numerous victims. Good-bye old man, and if you have readme, think of me. Young man, do not despair; for despite your contraryopinion, you have a friend in the vampire. If you include the sarcop- ter acarus, which produces the oak gall, you will have two. NOVEMBERLEVENTH James Daly Light, light,Airy and bulbous.Fringes...buttermilk...St. Gotthard tunnel.Ha ha: I have you now.Move and I shoot.I shoot anyway.Ah, how droll, dear Fido,see how I pick up thisMountain by itsPeak... and hurl it.Isn't the world, stupid ?Last night I went tobed naked exceptFor a necktie andan Overcoat... myblanket I hung out thewindow... People laughed.When I die, shall they weep ?God, shall they weep ?Weep, weep, weep ?Come here, Fido, letme Tickle your ear. N0... your nose.(a rhyme is such abominabletaste. But you do likeme to finger the placeI first mentioned,—don't you, Fido ?)And your nose is so cold.Now goes past a band,past the window, cymbalscrashing. I amreally moved,— affected ;... restraint always, Fido.(What, you scratch yourselfpublicly ? — Shame !)Armistice day. Agun.Booms. I iRemember...O Satan, I remember !The bayonet through his throat.He had the eyes of a...(crucified) andthey stared up at me AsYours do Now, fido....I shan't listen to theGuns ! any longer.Instead... the grapefruit. FRENCH LETTERS AND THE WAR (Translated from the French of)Jacques Rivière Andr£ Dkrain Woodcut The war had so profoundly disturbed our personal habits, that as long as itlasted we expected to see it produce similar revolutions in every branch of thought.We were particularly concerned as to the transformations that the war mighteffect in art and literature. In the spring on 1918, the Grande Revue institutedan inquiry into this question, to which a large number of writers, especiallyforeigners, responded frankly.However, all their predictions reflected a dangerous a priori reasoning,which I, for my part, shall try to avoid. All of them seemed to expect uniformconsequences from the war. All of them considered the war as a cause forwhich a determined effect was given in advance, and which had only to beput into suitable words.The problem, is, in spite of these conclusions, more complex. The mindis not developed in complete detachment from material things, that must beconceded ; the physical and social conditions of life exercise an influence uponit that Ido not question for a moment. But physical and social catastrophes,the greatest upheavals, cannot alone dominate the mind. The mind recog- nizes and discovers only what exists potentially within itself, it is only trans- formed, at any rate, inasmuch as something is spontaneously added to itself ;it does not take directions other than those alieady contemplated by itself ;only its own promptings are developed by external forces.The problem of the changes wrought by the war in the processes of artisticcreation can scarcefy be solved, to all practical purposes, unless we keep in mindthe directions taken by the creative spirit at the moment when the storm broke.It is obvious at once what formidable difficulties this method reveals. Forthese directions were not at all simple. It is a delicate task to establish,without being arbitrary, a common tendency in all the writers before the war,even those of one country, and among those, only writers of any merit.A great earthquake — that is what the war meant for the mind. But topredict or even to distinguish, the new mountains and valleys that it wouldform, one should be very familiar with the previous relief of the terrain. I. Without attempting a complete description, we can at least summarizethe situation of arts and letters when the war began by saying that the emotionsand the senses had just been abandoned as the unique sources of inspiration. In fact, so shortly before that a casual glance would seem to discover thesetendencies still in full flower. This is what happened, more or less, in the caseof M. Benda, who nevertheless knew how to analyze them clearly, and whoseBelphegor remains an essential document on the question.But by putting ourselves in the place of the creator (M. Benda studiedrather the public and its tastes), we could say : the art of before the war wasstill, or it was until very recently the direct product of the uncontrollablefaculties of the mind. The art of before the war was hardly beginning to re- nounce the impulsion of pure sensibility as its sole foundation.One of its protagonists could still write the following confession of faith : *" The universe is a creation of the intuition. Creative emotion is the onlytrue knowledge. As it gives birth to itself, it gives birth to matter. And itdreams everything as it dreams itself. The heart is the means as it is theagent."And again : " To plunge all ideas into love, and give the feeling ratherthan the exact conception thereof, that is the music I mean. In such an artemotion is everything, the argument nothing. Now the more queenly emotionbecomes, the more must art, her king, become her master." The rhythm of love influences everything. The intelligence is the plough,not the grain nor the harvest. Neither eloquence nor the evident idea is thebread that nourishes. It is no longer the refinement, 1101 the representationof the object that interests us, but the evocation of its form and of all the gracethat it contains, of the magic power it has to make us believe in life. Artmust reconcile us to life/'All the writers of that period would not, perhaps, have openly subscribedto these principles, but practically all were still faithful to them. All of them,like Suares, sought the lyric state, and, like Pythias, tried at first to place theirstool in the abyss. All of them, it is true, did not call themselves poets, butfor all, it was no longer question of " refinement, nor the representation of theobject, but the evocation of its form and of all the grace that it contains.''This is the guiding principle. In pre-war literature one finds scarcelyany concern with the painting, the representing, the describing of an object,save in an embryonic state. Every creator starts from the tumult that anobject arouses in him, he permits himself to be carried away by it, he listensto it, he yields to it directly, and makes every effort to manifest it faithfullyto the external world. Never were writers more religiously subservient tothemselves and their problems, never less concerned with abstract truth.Or rather — for what age has ever renounced the ideal of truth —- the * Andre Suares : Trois Hommes: Dostoievski, Editions de la Nouvelle Revue Fran9aise, p. 293 truth, they said, in fact believed, could only be attained by creation, the worldcould only be understood by admitting that " the universe is the creation ofthe intuition." In any case, it is love and all the various emotions which alonecan open the breach, attract knowledge, and permit of representation : " Therhythm of love influences everything."The object is merely a point of departure for the mind, and, by incorporatingin it as much as possible of the self, we come to know the whole revolutionthat it as produced in the soul. If it ceases by that to be recognizable to others,so mucq the worse ! " The evocation... of the grace that it contains "is moreimportant than its discovery, than its exploration.And, without speaking of Suares himself, is it not obvious that a Claudel,for example, would rely on nothing else but the whirlpool of his own emotions ?In that respect he is a poet, one can say ; poets have never sought any otherinspiration. Yes, but it is the immediacy with which he communicates withhis emotion, if you will, that strikes me. He has an extraordinary ability toexclude every element that could possibly have a contrary or even a directiveeffect. He will not budge unless stirred by his emotion, and then its vagarieswill carry him everywhere." We are ruled by only a gentle pressure of the hand."Such confidence in the activities of the intuition (whose ways are so mys- terious to begin with) has perhaps never been equalled.To express the matter a little differently — recalling all that Claudel con- fesses he owes to Rimbaud —he accepts no other index than illumination. Theworld is known to him and consequently is represented by him only inasmuchas it manifests itself in his brain. That is as much as to that he charges andsaturates it with his own imaginative reactions.But we must take for another example some one who is not a poet, Peguy,for example. His manner is infinitely more simple; lie moves forward bluntly,without jumping, without dodging, without acrobatics. But his impulse is nonethe less sympathetic. From the beginning to the end of his work, it is a faith,it is Faith itself that animates and impels him. From his birth he believed,in many things in turn it is true, but at no time was he without fire andenthusiasm for something or other.And here again it may be said : that every great writer is also a great be- liever, even if his belief is negative. But mark here in what a totally differentfashion Peguy attaches himself to his convictions. What a oneness of faithand deed he epitomized — witness his death ! Truly his soul is a spring tappedat its source. There is no question of an intellectual persuasion : that hadnot enough time to grow. Even his least significant phrases were dictateddirectly passion. At what moment does lie seek to approach the truth ? When is he agi- tated by what may be the true " state of the question ?" He only marches for- ward, with a sublime courage and integrity. Lost in himself, he is swept onto sheer madness. He throws himself forward exactly as he must have marchedto the assault of that position where he gave his life — with a single andindomitable purpose.We must take a last view of this immediacy of the literature of beforethe war. Reaving aside all the poetry putin motion by Francis Jammes andClaudel, another group appears, dominated by the influence of GuillaumeApollinaire.Guillaume Apollinaire is not a great poet, but he is a poet, nevertheless,which is a great deal. A certain part of his work is unquestionably mediocre ;there remains a series of things of the most delicious irresponsibility, such aswe have always heretofore had to look for in German literature.But what interests us for the moment, is only the process employed byApollinaire, his poetic method. This cannot be defined except by the renun- ciation of all poetic method, by the complete failure to direct or select imagesas they arise in the brain.It is no longer emotion nor " love " that leads the poet. He flies withthe wings of his Stimmung, changing direction at its will. He is a bird carriedby the wind, and veering with it. Even his thought is dissipated like a thincloud ; he does not know what he is saying, his movement alone concern him —he yields himself to his vertigoes.Here again, in a new and more striking form than any of his predeces- sors had used, the writer gives utterance to his faintest velleities. The strangevibration of the words, as in the manner of a dream, seems exactly what wehave already observed to be the essential characteristics of the literature be- fore the war. Apollinaire is in a way the hero of poetic automatism ; his handon the paper is only the needle on the phonograph record, which translatesthe oscillations of a hidden, almost external force. Of all the activities of whichwe can be the subject or the playground, he submits to the dictation of the mostremote, the least definite.And yet was the age before the war so completely under the influenceof the unconscious as M. Benda would lead us to believe ? — No. The criticalspirit, the intelligence were not entirely demoralized, as he tried to indicate.We must avoid explanations that make everything too simple.There was, first of all, Maurras, and his school, and all the neo-classicistswho made deliberate and noisy propaganda in favor of an intellectual art.There was Moreas, his timid but sure taste, his great poetic erudition, hisability to sing what he had no feeling for, his cleverness in reviving old refrains. In the case of these men, it would be difficult to find the unconsciousplaying the chief role in their inspiration, or indeed, playing any part at all.There was also, in relative solitude, Andre Gide, formerly a singer over- whelmed by voluptuousness and desire, but whose erudite genius and a feelingof regret had already brought him over to a more solid position. " I am theman of the second movement/' he used to say at this time ; and with thissole conviction he reacted strongly against the vague tendencies of all thosewho sought to lose themselves in their sentiments. Under his influence,the Nouvelle Revue Frangaise, without separating itself from its period, andgathering to itself the most daring productions, constituted in the midst ofthe sensual turmoil an asylum for reflection, study, and sober judgment.And finally, many of those whom we represented a little while ago as heroesof purely instinctive and provocative literature, did not inhibit the functioningof their intelligence when it did not conflict with their particular purpose. InSuares, as in Peguy and Claudel, it would be very unjust never to see anythingbut pure emotion. To draw as penetrating portraits of great men as Suareshas done, to probe the psychology of virtue with Peguy, to enter as Claudelhas into regions of the soul where the love of God is at strife with the greathuman impulses, one would have to follow a surer guide, more authentic andmore constant than the mutability of the senses or the simple effusions of theheart.Of course, in these great men, the intellect already played a relativelyimportant part, That is why I said above that from the moment when theirgenius blossomed most gloriously, the decay of an immediate and instinctiveart became immediately apparent.One last fact must be cited to characterize this period, that is : that evenif there was a tendency on the part of critics to awake, the critical spirit wasstill not directly creative itself. Those who boasted of it exclusively, likeMaurras, were unable to produce anything beautiful. Everywhere their effortswere sterile. As in a certain season it is the wheat, and not the grape, thatripens, so it seemed that the age of which we speak had sunlight only for thefruits of the instinct, and none for reflection. Only the offshoots of the un- conscious attained that life, growth, ripeness, only they were nourished by thatsap, without which there is no work of art. II. And it is at this point that the war came.One reads with a little astonishment in the Belfthegor of M. Benda :"ft is impossible to see why the war, less able than generally believed to modify the character of men, should be powerful enough to transform cul- ture and change men who take up art merely to communicate emotions to othersfor whom art is a pleasure of the mind. One feels rather that the war shouldstrengthen them in their passion for emotionalism/'I should be the last to reproach M. Benda for not having taken part in thewar, since I myself took so little and so awkward a part, and besides, thattype of dispute is absolutely childish. However, if he had served in the war,he would have understood how it could " change men who take up art merelyto communicate emotions to others for whom art is a pleasure of the mind."He would have seen, at any rate, that it could not " strengthen anyone in hispassion for emotionalism/' and that, on the contrary, its whole tendency, itswhole movement worked towards curing us of our emotionalism." Curing " is a euphemism in this sense, because the operation, althoughit was bound to end with some happy results, was terrible. I ask of all the com- batants, of all those who suffered from the length of the war, mentally andphysically, if they have not the sensation of having been cruelly amputatedof a whole part of their sensibility. We have revived, but we are not the same,and merely to have grown older by seven years does not suffice to explainthis sterility in us which even music can no longer make fruitful. Somecells must have been destroyed in us, a " nervous center " must have beendeadened.I think it is easy to see why this should have happened. The combatanthad several very strong elementary needs, whose satisfaction he could not dreamof questioning : eating, drinking, sleeping, and, in the main, not feeling. Notfeeling, not only because of the horrible things he had to do or see, but simplyto help him endure the endless hours, the inaction, the horrible vacuum hewas condemned to.I state as a fact that the greatest suffering of the war was the necessity fornot doing anything, for making the time pass. The suffering was such thateveryone saw quickly that he could not resist it unless he tried all means in hispower to lessen it, to neutralize it, unless he fought pain with the greatestpossible insensibility. Everyone made himself, thus, the executioner of hisown soul, under this rigorous trial; everyone fought desperately to kill in him- self the whole sweet " charm of feeling/' formerly so delightful a self-indul- gence. With the same regularity with which he rid himself of " cooties "the combatant killed all his sensations, before being affected by them. Par- asites as they were, or as he conceived them, they had to be exterminated likevermin.If the war had only lasted the three months that bad been predicted,this little exercise would have been without consequences. But four years of constant repression of one's sensibility had to result in a serious, an irreparableweakening of that faculty. This is exactly what happened.This is the first result of the war. There is another, fortunately not whollynegative. It is a commonplace to say that the combatant needs sang-froidand calculation. Almost all the citations for bravery ascribed these qualitiesto the recipient. And as a matter of fact, if he had received internally the " im- pressions " that the circumstances offered, he would have been lost. An im- pression is so vivid that it really prevents the inspection of an object. An im- pression is therefore something that makes you incapable of defending yourself,by deceiving you as to the precise nature of the menace, and the best meansof avoiding it. Now the combatant wanted to live, or, more exactly, he didnot want to die — he had then to defend himself, and thus logically he wasled not only to react against his impressions and arrest them on the verymargin of his consciousness, but also to destroy them, to replace them by ascareful and soothing an analysis of their cause as possible.His principal task was to distinguish the element of a given situation,in order to determine which to seize upon. His thought was above all occupiedin the processes of attention, selection and classifying — all for the sake of sur- vival. He was completely dominated by a sense of the most immediate details.But it wasn't even necessary to be a soldier to be subject to the same dis- cipline. The war forced us all into the same habits, if only because of the longseries of disappointments we suffered before the slightest hope came. Howoften did have to supplant our fondest plans, so hastily conceived, by anarray of insignificant trifles, inglorious and unbeautiful! How many timesdid we revise our dearest expectations, and submit them to the hard debasinginfluences of reality ! We could not have suffered so many checks to our as- pirations, without undergoing some radical alteration,. The fact is that wecontracted a firm mental habit, the habit of close examination, of anafysis, ofcomprehension.M. Benda asks in Belphegor how the " vital urge " could ever conceivethe desire to turn upon itself, to stop and examine itself. It is really difficultto see how such an impulse could ever have arisen spontaneously. But pre- cisely such influences worked from without as to bring to a halt the vague anddangerous drift of the unconscious, and to guide it by the force of the intelli- gence. A hand of iron impelled us to an attitude of control and reaction —the hardness of external reality evoked a responsive hardness in ourselves.There was a shock, we had scraped bottom. Reality, the " objective "that we saw, formerly only as in a dream, whose " magic " alone, to quoteSuares, intrigued us, gave us a sudden sharp resistance. And just as duringthe war when an attacking party fell upon a nest of machine guns, the men had to take open order immediately, so our minds have had to open up,articulate, emerge from the confusion in order to become many-sided, activeand shrewd.In a word, the war has returned to us a sense of the non-ego (in which Iinclude also the complex mass of our sensations) and the desire to study it anddescribe its organization. III. Here I stop, astonished to see how little the present aspect of our literature,at first sight, corresponds to the picture I have put forward. Do we todaysee the positive triumph of reflection and analysis ? Do we perceive manymasterpieces of a critical nature ? There seems to be rather a reinforcementof the instinctive tendency at the present time.We must consider the problem carefully. The war found a complexstate of mind : it is altogether natural that what the war produces should bejust as complex. The war worked on minds of very different capacities.They were all changed to a certain degree, but under the modified conditions,they were naturally separated from one another by the same intervals. Insome, the sensibility had been completely destroyed, in a few only has it beentranscended.The spectacle that literature gives us today is at once that of a deathstruggle and a birth.The death struggle, as is natural, attracts the attention at first, occupiesthe greater part of the stage, and involves the greatest number of actors. Itis, nevertheless, the end of a movement that we are witnessing.The creative attitude which harks back from before the war, is seen general- izing, systematizing itself, approaching its absolute with every step, while at thesame time becoming utterly sterile.One of the striking facts of the after-the-war literature is the large numberof writers and poets who attempt to free their imaginations from all internal" censorship/' and open the floodgates of the unconscious. Apollinaire, whomodelled himself after Rimbaud, has innumerable imitators today : his influencehas in the first place infected the group of his immediate friends, Andre Salmon,Max Jacob, who like him make poetry' out of the messages transmitted by somesort of telegraph apparatus in the brain.This intuitive type of writing had up to this time some coherence withinitself which made it possible to follow a Blaise Cendrars, let us say, along hisfantastic paths. But there arose a group of younger men — pitiless logicians !— who sought to do away with even this slight vestige of coherence. With this we come to the extreme type of self-preoccupation which opensup the same mental morass in which we found the writers of before the war.The fact, is, however, that we have outgrown this type of art. These youngmen have applied themselves scrupulously to their task ; they have rejectedeverything that might restrict or impede their inspiration : but nothing comesof it all — the morass is silent.Dada is dead ; but it fulfilled its destiny, which was precisely to die, andin dying wreak the destruction of a whole system. It was the task of Dadato evoke the death-struggle to which I referred.Dada was, so to speak, the extension and the crisis of a wide-spread re- ligion. Its adepts were priests who wished to solemnize their cult with an un- heard of purity, knowing all the time that their temple was empty.It has by now been completely established that the unconscious lacksstrength and the power of guidance, that the " heart " of itself can no longerbe " the means and the agent/' The great fatigue that the war left in ourfaculties of perception, and especially our faculties of expression is apparentin all the work that these men force themselves to produce. There is somethinginexplicably dull and faded about it all which reflects the disintegration within.Thirty " reviews " may still be filled with the projections of their intuition, itmatters little : a terrible monotony permeates them, against which even theforce of genius could scarcely prevail.The immediate beauty of the work of a Peguy, of a Claudel, of a Suares,cannot be reproduced. The writer of to-day can no longer grip his reader bysuch fantasy or flight. Even in those who try to imitate the airy manner ofApollinaire in his better moments, the spirit is weighted and they are broughtback to earth.From east to west, and from north to south, there is only an enormousdisruption of lyrical literature. There would be occasion, indeed, for pessimism,if nothing were come to take its place, if the ravages of war left no compensationin their wake. This, pure and simple, would have been the case, if at the mo- ment when the storm broke there had not been new seed making its first timidappearance, in what is virtually a renascence of the critical spirit.Since the war these germs have spread, the critical spirit asserted itself.No movement in art ever originates in large numbers. That is why the move- ment I see set in motion has as yet so few representatives, and may seem il- lusory to those who await the generalizing of a tendency before they concedeits existence.Certain minds have been struck by what the war taught us of the creativepossibilities of analysis, they have been astonished by the fact that when theyattacked their impressions, in attempting to disintegrate them and discover their cause, they did not of necessity destroy them — that, on the contrary,perhaps that was the best way of retaining these impressions, of giving thempermanence and even of making new ones appear.Obliged as they were to deny their sensibility, instead of being at its mercy,they perceived that from that time forward it might be of greater value to con- tinue resisting it. This type of recoil upon themselves, this almost aggressivereversion which the war had caused, made them discover a new richness in thatsame " heart " they were trying to suppress.While in 1914 the exercise of the intellect gave only impersonal and languidresults, like those of the neo-classicists, now it seems to recover its own effec- tiveness and induce reality spontaneously.The great example here is, as you will see, the novel of Marcel Proust :A la recherche du temps perdu, of which four volumes have appeared up to now. Con- sidering it precisely, this is hardly a direct product of the war, since it was almost allwritten before 1914. But it is the influence of the war that makes it coincidewith our state of mind and gives it suddenly so great a representative value.The plan of Proust, when he first began his work, was extremely modest; hewanted to go over, piece by piece, his whole past experience, and crystallize it. Noambition, at first, to move, to astonish, nor to induce an ecstasy in his reader, nointention to make a work of art. He simply took an attitude of reflection and remin- iscence. Then with the mass of his memories in hand as raw material, he beganto unravel them, to analyse them, to put all the elements into their proper order.He sketched thus a movement of reaction against himself ; his mind tookagain its own direction. He broke away from his " vital urge "in his desireto know it, understand it, and describe it adequately.Immediately a huge garden began to grow, to flower. There is probablyno other work as rich, as luxuriant as that of Proust. And nevertheless it wasconceived in a certain refusal to abandon himself.This huge novel is the great literary achievement since the war, that whichat any rate has the most to teach us and opens the widest vistas to the future.Here analysis is the creative agent, and provokes the imagination normally.With Proust we emerge from an age of implication to enter one of explan- ation. With him we escape the monotony of sensation, to rediscover the joysof intellection. In this book the truth — truth of characters and of passions,moves and touches us anew. With one stroke, a whole scale of emotions becomespossible to us again, from sympathy to amusement, in place of the sole " emo- tion/' as M. Benda would say. daughter comes into its own again ; our mostdiverse faculties come back into play and find in turn their fulfillment.Proust accomplished a great miracle merely by trying for so little, by op- posing simply the obscure impulses to which it was fashionable to yield. Be- cause of the combativeness of his mind, great fountains have sprung forth fromthat very rock that the experts assured us was dry.If I had had the intention of drawing a complete picture of our literatureafter the war, I should be consider ably at fault, for its richness is far from beinglimited by what Proust brings us. Works of great significance have seen theday by the side of his. Several young talents have been revealed — morethan one already recognized has been affirmed.Poetry is far from being eclipsed entirely by Dada. One poet, rathersolitary, but of the first rank, Paul Valery, has given us some veritable master- pieces — Jules Romains has entered into full possession of his rare andharmonious gifts.The novel is in full blossom. Valery has approached this formwith infinite delicacy and has given us thus far only a thin but precious tale,under the title of Beaute, mon beau souci. Andre Gide has painted a remarkablepicture, in the Symphonie pastorale, of less far-reaching genius perhaps thanhis Caves du Vatican (which came out just when the war began and was for atime obscured by it), but in a style minute and erudite to the nth degree. I regrethaving the space only to cite the names of Jean Giraudoux, Edmond Jaloux,Pierre Hamp, Jean Schlumberger, Georges Duhamel and Pierre Mac-Orlan.As for the drama, its present " state " is a little confused. Outside ofthe latest plays of Claudel: Le Pain dur and Le Pere humilie, which follow afterV Hot age, the most interesting productions are Cromedeyre-le Vieil of JulesRomains, and Le Cocu Magnifique of Fernand Crommelynck.In concluding this very imperfect sketch, I remind the reader that my pur- pose was only to show in what sense and along what lines the war had affectedour minds, and to what inferences we might be directed. When I predict todaya renewal of the literature of analysis, I realize that I am anticipating the eventsomewhat, but not so much as to consider myself a prophet. OF A DAY I lower my pen to write.Some tall tree far off in clearest day might showMy breath's precision.I stand silentlym/For here there are no trees.In mind my poems risefainter than mountain bees.And clean derisionTroubles my pen, and so is gone.O little gods of rock !I need plain quiet —A house like withered flowers at dawn. DRIFTING DEER Yvor Winters One sees far hillsAnd thinks of deer —A drifting greenOf emblematic printingAs are brainsToo silent, clear.One's ageIs like these hillsWith SocratesOn death.The printed pageIs still as breath. « Socrates. . . . Now the thing which\movesanother and is by another moved, as it maycease to be moved, may cease also to live ;it is only that which moves itself, inasmuchas it never quits itself, that never ceasesmoving. . »The Dialogues of Pi,ato« . . . . it is not thebusiness of the gods to bake clay pots ».Marianne Moore AT 125 BOULEVARD ST. GERMAIN Benjamin Péret (Translated by Matthew Josephson) Half-past eleven sounded from a nearby church clock. A few taxis passedby nonchalantly and not all of the dromedaries had gone to sleep. From adistance could be seen the President of the Republic dressed in a diving appa- ratus accompanied by the King of Greece, who seemed so young that you couldscarcely restrain yourself from teaching him the alphabet. A young harlotpursued them, offering her favors. Gloves rained down upon them from allsides, borne by the shrewd November gusts.As they passed in front of 125 Boulevard St. Germain, they saw a man comeout pushing a wheel-chair before him. In this chair a person was seated in theattitude of the Tired Business Man. At once the thought came that a crimehad been committed in the neighborhood. A bath-tub thrown from the fourthfloor which just crashed to their feet confirmed these suspicions.While one of them followed the mysterious man propelling the wheel-chairin the direction of the Boulevard St. Michel, the other passed a little pomadeover his hair. Like a somnambulist he scaled the stairs, so long that they seemedto rise from the bottom of the sea. Iyittle explosions marked his passage fromfloor to floor, and serpents glided out 011 along the rail of the stairway. Adrunken soldier reeling against him, nearly hurled him down all the steps. "Itis a brothel," he said to himself, and he blew his nose like a trumpet.At this moment a door opened and a voice with a harsh southern accentcroaked : " What is it, my dear sir ? "" I would like to see Mr. Seraphim. You known, the gentleman whothrows bath-tubs out of the window at half-past eleven ? "" Fourth floor to the right," said the voice and the door closed again withthe rustling of a wind-blown flame.His emotions became intense : would they get to the heart of the matterat once, and would the singular person who threw bath-tubs out of the windowrexplain to him why summer followed spring ? He had time to let a tear rollover the cold sweat of his face and then knocked at the door to which he hadbeen directed. The crowing of a cock was heard, followed by a mad bellowing.The bellowing had scarcely stopped when he heard the sound of running water,as if a faucet had been left open by chance, but no human voice made itselfheard. " Isn't it funny ? he muttered between his teeth and knocked again. A gnashing of teeth followed by the same mad bellowing was the only response.A few seconds passed, during which he seemed to hear a veritable gale outside.He knocked on the door for a third time, but at this there was an absolute si- lence. He was perplexed. And yet, he mused :if a bath-tub had fallen at hisfeet there was surely someone who had thrown it. And here he w7as, at thedomicile of the person who had launched it, and the door remained closed toall appeals.He paused for a moment to despatch a fly, and made up his mind firmly.He fell back two or three steps and then threw himself against the door. Itgave way at the first impact like glass, and at once the sweet odor of freshly- cut hay came to him. He stood stupefied for a moment and then burst intotears. He could hardly have told why. Perhaps it was that the odor remindedhim of certain bygone yeais of his youth, where other stairways had been theterrain of fond experiences.By the light of a match he could distinguish the room into which he hadpenetrated. An expanse of verdant lawn, well kept and freshly trimmed, greetedhis eyes. In the center of it was a bed of hyacinths, evenly pruned and toppedby a flowery mimosa. Over in a corner, against the wall, a man seemed to besleeping.Why, at this moment did a human voice sing as from a phonograph ?f&lt; Sur les bords de la RivieraOu murmure une brise embaumeeChaque femme a reve la basD'etre belle et adoreeWhy, again, did a voice murmur into his ear, as if confiding a secret, theHoly Words with which Jesus consecrated the Eucharist : " Eat of this bread,my body, drink of this wine, my blood."Another match revealed the presence of four plants of an unknown speciesin the four angles of the room. As he approached one of them with his lightedmatch, the one to his right to be specific, it suddenfy lit up and illuminated theroom with a feeble glow." I have my doubts about all this, " he said to himself, " and I have nodoubt that other strange things will soon begin to happen/'He lit up one by one all of the plants, which proved to be nothing butarums. A soft light, as if dimmed by a dusty glass filled the room.He went to the man, who remained dead to the world through all this house- moving : " Well, well, my fine fellow ! "Midnight sounded, and the light pressure of his hand upon the man's shoulder,so I take it, at least, caused a little trickle of milk to flow from his eyes. The manremained motionless, howTever. He touched his hand, felt it warm, but noticed that it clung to the knee on which it had been placed. He wanted to shake the other hand,but it was as immobile as the first one. He took out his penknife and made alittle incision in the right fist of the mysterious person. The flesh turned red,but there was not a drop of blood. He aimed his revolver at the eye and fired.A hole appeared where there had been an eye and milk spouted forth abundantly,marking a long white course on the dinner-jacket which the man wore.He noticed a crumpled up newspaper near the man. He unfolded it : itwas an old copy of the " Journal", of which the part that had the date was tornaway. He searched for it and found it between the man's legs. The date was :January 27, 1903. " What a strange coincidence ! " said the light, to itself.He has been sleeping there ever since that time... And he had killed him witha revolver-shot through the eyes ?" There is nothing more for me to do here," he said to himself, and he head- ed for the door to the right which gave on another room that had no windows,but was brilliantly lit up.In this hall long tables were ranged parallel with little arm-chairs on eachside of them. On these little arm-chairs sat stenographers typing nervouslyon their machines, and the papers discharged automatically from the machines,glided along the whole length of the tables and disappeared somewhere.His entrance not having been noticed, he approached the nearest one ofthe typists and asked : " Mr. Seraphim, please."" In five minutes you shall see his cigarette and his younger sister," wasthe reply.Iyet us return to the King of Greece whom we left to follow the strange per- son pushing a wheel-chair toward the Boulevard St. Michel.Near the rue Danton an automobile came near spilling the wheel-chairand its singular occupant. They continued on their way, crossed the BoulevardSt. Michel, as far as the quays and from there into the Jardin des Plantes.One could scarcely have expected the gates to be open at this late hour ;yet- just as they reached the gate it opened automatically as if a hidden buttonhad been pressed. Then it closed immediately, and in spite of all his efforts,the King of Greece could not open it again.A closed gate was not, however, a great obstacle for him, accustomed ashe had been since childhood to the most violent outdoor sports: football, bicycling,automobiling, aviation, jumping, swimming. He was as familiar with thevaulting pole as he was with the Evangelists or the prehistoric ages. In a fewseconds he had scaled the high fence and found himself inside the park.The trail of the wheel-chair, which had remained luminous, strangely enough,guided him as surely as if he had had the farcical equipage right before him.A few herons sought to impede his course, but the pastilles which lie gave 3 them, soon cleared his road of them. An antelope also appeared to assure himthat she had not forgotten him. An enormous crab clutched at his foot,with the intention of making off with him to some god-forsaken spot.The trail led to the bears' pit, and he reached it at the same time as the manin the chair.A scarecrow who guarded the bears' den nodded his head as a sign of acquies- cence, and a white flag fell to the bottom of the bears' pit and spread out there.At once, a heart, a molar-tooth, a complete set of intestines, a horse's mane,a package of cocoa, a lady's chemise and a stuffed bird were projected, one afteranother on the white blanket, in such wise as to form the seven angles of aregular polygon.A heap of human excrement, falling not far from there set in motion the sevenhitherto inert, objects, and they witnessed a frenzied dance by the heart,the molar-tooth, the horse's mane, the intestines, the package of cocoa, the lady'schemise, and the stuffed bird. The movements became accelerated as if theseseven objects were chasing each other in the hope of getting together. Thelight of a powerful projector swept the scene for a second without interruptingit. Great birds, vultures no doubt, awakened by the noise came out and soaredabove the pit but dared not descend into it.The rumbling of an automobile, growing louder with every moment, revealedthe approach of the machine. It stopped for a few seconds before the pit, anda veiled and gloved woman took out a folded flag which was by her side andthrew it down on the sheet. The mad dance stopped instantaneously.The man in the chair during the whole spectacle, which might well havelasted for several years, kept passing his hand across his forehead wThich wasvery moist." Good Heavens," he said, " It is actually the 25th. of June 1922 ? "He remained pensive for a moment and then he said in a loud voice :" First. An honest intelligent and disinterested judge, a pretty, young,virtuous, and charming woman, a discreet, sincere, and considerate-friend —all these are rare treasures which however exist and can be found." Secondly. Those who govern are as the celestial orbs which glitter bril- liantly but never enjoy repose at night." Thirdly. Victory is glorious when its end is to mortify the enemy, butit becomes an abomination when it oppresses the miserable." Fourthly. It takes cleverness to play the role of a scoffer, and very littlecommon sense to undertake it.Fifth. Nothing is given as freely and as easily as advice.Sixth. Inexplicable Man! in whom is united so much vileness with so muchgrandeur, so many virtues with so many vices. Seventh. He who can renounce ambition frees himself at once of muchanguish, of long vigils, and of crime.Eighth. A Greek philisopher, when asked under what government mencould live with the most safety and the least danger, replied : One in which virtuehas many friends, and vice has either very few partisans or none at all.Ninth. One never gets enough fruit.Tenth. If you only had a little patience, I could make you understand all.Eleventh : One may differ with a friend and not love him any the less.Differences in sentiments serve to clarify, and friendship bears contradiction.Twelfth. The pleasure of vengeance is not tasted with impunity ;it soonbecomes clear that this cruel pleasure was not made for the heart of man, andthat one punishes oneself in the act of hating.Thirteenth. If you reproach yourself, others agree with you only tooreadily ; if you praise yourself, they don't agree with you at all.Fourteenth. It is said of the French that they above all seem to under- stand well the brief span of man's life; for, in Prance, everything is done withsuch despatch, that one might say that the French believe they have only adav to live.Fifteenth. At an evening of " Madame X " the guests amused themselvesby discovering ingenuous differences between objects. " What difference,"asked the lady, " can there be between me and a watch ? " " Madame, " replied anEnglish ambassador, " A watch tells the hour, but before you one forgets allsense of time".Sixteenth. Some one was telling another man the insulting things thathad been said of him — " They would never have been said," he was told" if they had not known that you were so eager to hear them."Seventeenth. Cato was asked by someone, why, since he had deservedso well of the republic, there had never been any statues erected in his honor." I much prefer," said he"to have this question put to me, than to be askedwhy monuments were set up in my honor at all."The man, who had up to this remained motionless in his chair, quite suddenly,rose, went toward the pit, vaulted the balustrade and jumped down on to thesheet. The bears, who were evidently waiting for nothing better than that,came out Jof their cages and greeted him calmly. The man seemed not at allsurprised and began to take off his clothes.When he was entirely naked, he was observed to robe himself in a thickand woolly fur, and on his head there was a whole multitude of little worms,all wrhite. They crawled down his neck, his back, his legs and all over him ;it was the coiling and writhing of the little wrhite things which were tryingto escape from the sheet. A certain geometrical figure haunted the mind of the man who had remainedat the edge of the pit: the square of a hypothenuse is equal to the sum of thesquares of the two other sides.The King of Greece scarcely knew what to think of the spectacle which un- rolled before his eyes. He thought of the book-maker who had advised himto bet on Trinity in the fifth race, and had made him lose 50 louis.Only one course lay open to him : without being observed, he left the Jardindes Plantes. Scarcefy, had he reached the quays, when he heard someone hawk- ing : " Intran / Third edition ! " He bought the paper and read :" Rome. — For several days a man has been cared for at a hospital in Rome,"whose identity cannot be established and who declares that he is an armorerof Venice. He is afflicted with the sleeping-sickness and his conditions is saidto be very grave ".He trembled from head to foot ; was it to be Rome or Paris ?All the way from the street to the cafe by medium of the striped awning,layers of ground bone became stratified, crystalized where they lay. Burglarswith eyes of confetti found the height of their desire in rummaging their fingersthrough their hair. The children ate roaches, the hats ate the children and thebelts stretched out so far that they were lost to the sight, the limbs being sub- merged. He hailed a taxi, and asked to be taken back to the park. There,among the fishes who awaited piously the Day of Resurrection he sat downand fell asleep.Mr. Seraphim, still, did not come, and the President of the Republic beganto believe that the hours no longer contained 60 minutes. He spent the inter- vening time in binding a little chain out of beads of cameo, but this senile occu- pation did not leave him entirely satisfied.For a moment he thought of killing several stenographers in order to opentheir bodies and thus finish his anatomical studies, left so incomplete ever sincehis aft air with Gaby Berliet, the dancer of the Folies Bergeres who had givenhim, at once the sweetest and the bitterest memories of his life: the sweetest,because she had been a ravishing mistress ; and the bitterest, because of —well, the regular injections of mercury.As he stood there, hesitating as to what to do next, a very effeminate youngman entered, and made a sign to one of the stenographers, who followed himthrough the door opposite to the one by which he had entered. This disturbedhim, and he followed the couple.He traversed a labyrinth of corridors in pursuit of them, and reached avast swimming pool where the bodies of seven or eight women floated about,stretched straight out, on their backs.Most gallantly, the young man invited his companion to disrobe, and offered her a bathing-suit to swim in. She only smiled at him in response, and littlewheels, with teeth and tiny springs not unlike those of watches, began prancingabout on all sides of the pool. After they had rolled all around the hall andbumped against the walls, the ceilings, they tumbled into the pool and littlesparks flew off as they hit the water.The first woman dived in and re-appeared a few yards off, swimming grace- fully. Lobsters pursued her and tried to catch up with her. She swam fasterand faster, and the clocks which were placed at the four corners of the poolaccelerated their movement to a rhythm which kept pace with hers.Suddenly the air became saturated with dust. The President of the Re- public choked, breathing became more and more difficult in this insalubriousatmosphere. The President of the Republic lit a cigarette and then fainted.When he came to, the sun was playing on the water and little toy boatswere floating gaily about the pool. The woman who had been swimming anddiving so beautifully, was now floating on her back, just as straight, just as nakedas the others. Hundreds of lobsters sought nourishment in their abdomens,in their stomachs, and one of them disappeared almost completely into thethorax of the beautiful diver. TWO WOMEN WOUNDEDTWO POLICEMEN KILLED.These words, in large black letters suddenly appeared on one of the wallsfollowed almost immediately by : Stock Market.Bruay 1820 1815 Grosny .... 695 675Iviasonoff 345&gt;6 3457 Rl. Dutch . . 17660 17400Part Her 3875 3875 Shell 226 224Chino . . . . 293 300 Ray 160 159Vielle Montagne * 757 750 Brazil 137 137Columbia 277 267 Colombia . . . 580 580Omnium 409 412 Mexico .... 1887 1897Stua Rom 435 434 Monaco ... 3175 3195He kept looking at his finger-nails for a while, wondering which horse hewas going to bet on.Down through the little port-holes in the ceiling, whence the sunlightcame, there poured a flood of pollen upon the water which soon became coveredwith a slender yellow layer of it. The President of the Republic arose and wentdown to the edge of the water which he touched with his hand. It was verytepid ; about 28 degrees (centigrade). He no longer remembered what purpose he had had in coming here, andhe resolved to go back to the hall of the stenographers. He broke open a door,descended a stairway, then another, passed through interminable corridors, tra- versed a vast hall, and then found himself all at once in a park where trees ofthe Northern climate were mingled with cactus, palm, bamboo, banana and othertrees, whose names he was not familiar with. From the branches of these treeswere suspended a multitude of different objects : violins, clocks, vases, razors,brushes, trunks, silk stockings, belts and acetylene lamps." Merry Christmas, merry Christmas ! " sang incessantly the voices whichissued from every tree-trunk. He took the first path in sight, and soon reacheda little clearing, where he saw the King of Greece in the company of an orang- outang eating figs which were heaped up before them.He had to admit that this was too much for him. A little locomotive camethrough the forest, drawing some low freight-cars after it. As it passed throughthe clearing it slowed up a bit, and they all jumped aboard and were speedilybrought to the gate of a large match factory. The gate swung heavily open,and the train rode into the courtyard which had little manganese trees plantedall over it. They got out of the train and went into the factoryWhat was their astonishment at sight of a machine which transformedboards into matches with a monstrous precision ! Seeing an attendant, theyasked him, " Mr. Seraphim, please ? "" This way gentlemen, cross the workshop, take the first door to the rightand go up the stairway. You will find him in the second office to the left ".At this an angel emerged from a queer machine, whose usage they couldhardly understand, and said to them :" ist. A French lady reproached the Ambassador of Siam for the largenumbers of women in his country. ' Madame/ he replied, 'if Siam had suchlovely and charming women as you, there would only be one left/" 2nd. An armourer who was regarding the seven holy paintings of IvePoussin criticised the picture that represented marriage : ' I can quite under- stand,' said he ' that it is difficult to make a good marriage even in a painting/" 3rd. Peter the Great, Czar of Russia, upon seeing the portrait of Riche- lieu in the Sorbonne cried ! ' O great man ! If you were still alive, I would giveyou half of my empire to teach me how to rule the other half/" 4th. lyouis 111, formerly the Duke of Orleans, when asked to avengethe insults heaped upon him in the past, replied that the King of France oughtnot seek revenge for the insults meted upon the Duke of Orleans." sth. The Arabs once besieged a city. The officer in command offered his mena large sum of money, if one of them would place a pile of fagots before a partof the wall that was exposed to the enemy fire. No or|.e stepped forward to offer his services, and the astonished general reproached them bitterly fortheir lack of courage. 'We would dare anything ' retorted one of his heroes,' if a price had not been put on our bravery/6tli. It is bread that I desire, and not money." 7th. Don't whine, you shall have it." Bth. It is their fault; if it were ours, we should have admitted it." 9th. Men have been killed before, and we have not seen the lastof it." 10th. It was two o'clock in the morning when I went to sleep." nth. He is the wickedest and greediest man in the world, and thereforeis he hated." 12th. Good God ! What a hypocrite this man is ! "The President of the Republic and the King of Greece felt a bit dubiousabout it all, but this did not cause them to give up their project.Mr. Seraphim received them very pleasantly. They explained to himfrankly the object of their visit.Mr. Seraphim nodded his head and seemed to be in complete accord withthem, when they had finished what they had to say."Eleven-thirty," he replied, "is located at about the 42nd. degree la- titude, South. It is warm, it is cold, it is rainy, it is windy, snow falls, lightningflashes, storms arise, leaves fall, clocks stop, the earth trembles, cows urinate,lead melts, shoes get lost, cigarettes ignite themselves, and in short, men dielike flies. Butterflies tremble with fear, for no keys turn in key-holes." I have just picked up a pin that fell to the floor : it is my man." I regard the lines of my hand : it is my garden." My knee puffs out like a bladder : it is my arm-chair." How many bears does it take to make a door ? Certainly less, than ittakes women to make a mirror. If scissors sing : we know nothing, for greatis our distress, and our illusions are cut up into little bits of postage stamps.Tell them that I no longer eat, drink, sleep, nor live, that I content myselfwith finding among varnished boards an indefinable mystery, without taste orodour. Two and two make four." I awake in the morning at seven o'clock. Ido a little sewing with agoose-quill. I cover up my dead mother with the petals of poppies, and everymorning at the same time, I see a little capsule come out of each of her fingers andeach of her ears, burst soon after and give off the odor of lemon." There are 110 chairs, there are no bath-tubs. I drink, I sleep, I eat, Ilive, and I assure you :" That nothing is more pleasant to the mind than the light of truth." Crime is more daring than virtuousness. " Anger is a movement of the soul, as impetuous as compassion is sweet;but the one degrades man, as much as the other ennobles him." The art of living with others is as illusory as the Philosopher's Stone,or legal astrology." The simplicity of nature is more appealing than all the adornments of art." I have as much money as you have." She is very pretty." If you ever meet anywhere a woman, be she young or old, who talksto you of Napoleon 111, offer her a cigar and take her away to Spain to be cured." Gentlemen, your shirts hang downward, and your bodies follow suit.I can see your organs which are decorated with fringed butterflies. I have iton good authority that you are hungry and I invite to partake of my modestrepast." PERIPATETICS VI Matthew Josephson It was but Sunday : sitting and walking and talking it is allthe same. We were all waiting for a lady. The sun the wind therain were sitting and walking and talking.All unsuspecting I was seated on the terrace and was left for amoment by the unknown gentleman beside me (evil in motion) whosecane you know was left too . . . gingerly balanced against the bench —our bench for a moment when two minutes later what does the stickdo but slide down and strike me at the knee ? The evil that men dolives after them . . . the evil that men do after them . . . the evil thatmen do after. I stalk about in a world of illhumour and illhumourstalks me. Make way! I am young-and-smiling.But the taxi the beggar the horses the sailor the policeman theold man the coal man the octogenarian the flower lady ? Way !Black soul shall I ever outlive the light stinging rebuff of that stickin that moment of warm delicious relaxation in front of my beer be- fore friend world ? . . . the quick cool rap that flicked my life awaythat soured the beer that spoiled my stomach that twisted myfaith in you and the street and the afternoon. VEGETABLE CLASSIC To H.G. Matthew Josephson It is my view that Spinachmay be remarked upon for aggressiveness ;one may well regard Tomatoes as uncouth but honest ;that Lettuce is an indifferent diurnal matter;Asparagus not to be sneered at; Beets and Carrotsperambulating hand in hand, — but of the Onionthat eminent vegetable ! — let it here be spoken ofwith reverence, of its Protean and ever succulent manners of charm.And then these various herbs and plants(ranged upon the table) fell to a great row and quarrelling ;the Onions-Beans-Tomatoes, etc. joining arms in loud controversywith the Bettuce-Beets-Spinach faction, the latter crying out:" It is true, that our master is a foul carniverous beast,that from his mouth at night comes the stench of the flesh he hastorn with his teeth and consumed !It is of little import to him, whether we are canned or fresh from theearth !His wife is a vegetarian at heart, but she fears him ..."It was in broad mockery, then, the others retorted :" Were it not for us, whence his violence and energy ?It is well that he spurns you, Oh darlings of withered spinsters ;we are as a boon to him, we are the blood and fire of his body ! "And the plates and serving dishes were vibrant upon the table,clattering about with no little fear, what of all the clash and bitternessamong their contents . . ." My dear, I shall bring you a marvelous brown nut-bread, tomorrow,dark,- whole-wheat bread, with raisins and citrons and fat almondsin the heart of it! " ANDRE; Dkrain Woodcut SIX CHARACTERS IN SEARCH OF AN AUTHOR ACT III. Luigi Pirandello (Translated By Edward Storer) When the curtain goes up again, it is seen that the stage hands have shiftedthe bit of scenery used in the last part, and have rigged up instead at the backof the stage a drop with some trees and one or two wings. A portion of a fountainbasin is visible. The Mother is sitting on the Right with the two children byher side. The Son is on the same side, but away from the others. He seemsbored, angry and full of shame. The Father and the Step-Daughter are also seatedtowards the Right front. On the other side (Left) are the actors, much in the posi- tions they occupied before the curtain was lowered. Only the Manager is standingup in the middle of the stage, with his hand closed over his mouth in the act ofmeditating.The Manager (shaking his shoulders after a brief pause). Ah yes : thesecond act. Leave it to me, leave it all to me as we arranged, and you'llsee it'll go fine.The Step-Daughter. Our entry into his house (indicates Father) inspite of him (indicates the Son).The Manager (out of patience). Iyeave it to me, I tell you.The Step-Daughter. Do let it be clear, at any rate, that it is in spite ofmy wishes.The Mother (from her corner, shaking her head). For all the good that'scome of it... .The Step-Daughter (turning towards her quickly). It|jdoesn't matter.The more harm done us, the more remorse for him.The Manager (impatiently). I understand ! Good Heavens ! I under- stand. I'm taking it into account.The Mother (supplicatingly). I beg you, Sir, to let it appear quite plainthat for conscience sake I did try in every way . . .The Step-Daughter (interrupting indignantly and continuing for the Mo- ther). ... to pacify me, to dissuade me from spiting him. (To Manager). Doas she wants ; satisfy her, because it is true. I enjoy it immensely. Anyhow,as you can see, the meeker she is, the more she tries to get at his heart, themore distant and aloof does he become.The Manager. Are we going to begin this second act or not ?The Step-Daughter. I'm not going to talk an}' more now. But I must just tell you this : you can't have the whole action take place in the gar- den as you suggest. It isn't possible.The Manager. Why not ?The Step-Daughter. Because he (indicates the Son again) is alwaysshut up alone in his room. And then there's all the part of that poor dazed- looking boy there which takes place indoors.The Manager. Maybe. On the other hand, you will understand wecan't change the scene three or four times in one act.The Leading Man." They used to once.The Manager. Yes, when the public was up to the level of that child there.The Leading Lady. It makes the illusion easier.The Father (irritated). The illusion ! For Heaven's sake, dont say il- lusion. Please don't use that word, which is particularly painful for us.The Manager (astounded). And why if you please ?The Father. It's painful, cruel, really cruel, and you ought to under- stand that.The Manager. But why ? What ought we to say then ? The illusionI tell you Sir, which we've got to create for the audience . . .The Leading Man. With our acting.The Manager. The illusion of a reality.The Father. I understand ; but you, perhaps, do not understand us.Forgive me ! You see .. . here for you and your actors, the thing is only —and rightly so . . . a kind of game . . .The Leading Lady (interrupting indignantly). A game! We're notchildren here, if you please. We are serious actors.The Father. I don't deny it. What I mean is the game or play ofyour art which has to give, as the gentleman says, a perfect illusion of reality.The Manager. Precisely.The Father. Now, if you consider the fact that we (indicates himself andthe other five Characters), as we are, have no other reality outside of this illusion . . .The Manager (astonished, looking at his actors, who are also amazed).And what does that mean ?The Father (after watching them for a moment with a wan smile). As Isay vSir. That which is a game of art for you is our sole reality. {Brief pause.He goes a step or two nearer the Manager and adds) : But not only for us ; youknow, by the way. Just you think it over well. [Looks him in the eyes).Can you tell me who you are ?The Manager (;perplexed, half smiling). What ? Who am I ? lam myself.The Father. And if I were to tell you that that isn't true, because youare I. The Manager. I should say you were mad. {The actors laugh).The Father. You're quite right to laugh : because we are all makingbelieve here {to Manager). And you can, therefore, object that it's only for ajoke that that gentleman there (indicates the Leading Man) who naturallyis himself has to be me, who am on the contrary myself — this thing you seehere. You see I've caught you in a trap. (The actors laugh).The Manager {annoyed). But we've had all this over once before. Doyou want to begin again ?The Father. No, no. That wasn't my meaning. In fact, I shouldlike to request you to abandon this game of art {looking at the Leading Ladyas if anticipating her) which you are accustomed to play here with your actorsand to ask you seriously once again : who are you ?The Manager {astonished and irritated, turning to his actors). If this fellowhere hasn't got a nerve ! A man who calls himself a character comes and asksme who I am !The Father {with dignity, but not offended). A character, Sir, may alwaysask a man who he is. Because a character has really a life of his own, markedwith his especial characteristics, for which reason he is always " somebodyBut a man — I'm not speaking of you now — may very well be " nobodyThe Manager. Yes, but you are asking these questions of me, the boss,the manager. Do you understand ?The Father. But only in order to know if you, as you really are now,see yourself as you once were with all the illusions that were yours then, withall the things both inside and outside of you as they seemed to you — as theywere then indeed for you. Well, sir, if you think of all those illusions that meannothing to you now, of all those things which don't even seem to you to existany more, while once they were for you, don't you feel that — I won't say theseboards — but the very earth under your feet in sinking away from you whenyou reflect that in the same way this you as you feel today, all this presentreality of yours is fated to seem a mere illusion to you tomorrow ?The Manager {without having understood much, but astonished by the speciousargument). Well! Well! And where does all this take us, anyway ?The Father. Oh, nowhere. It's only to show you that if we {indicatingthe Characters) have no other reality beyond the illusion, you too must not countovermuch on your reality as you feel it today, since, like that of yesterday,it may prove an illusion for you tomorrow.The Manager {determining to make fun of him). Ah, excellent ! Thenyou'll be saying next that you with this comedy of yours that you broughthere to act are truer and more real than I am.The Father (with the greatest seriousness). But of course ; without doubt. The Manager. Ah, really ?The Father. Why, I thought you'd understood that from the beginning.The Manager. More real than I ?The Father. If your reality can change from one day to another .. .The Manager. But everyone knows it can change. It is always changing,the same as anyone else's.The Father (with a cry). No, sir, not ours. here ! This is thedifference. Our reality doesn't change ; it can't change. It can't be otherthan what it is, because it is already fixed for ever. It's terrible. Ours is animmutable reality which should make you shudder when you approach us ifyou are really conscious of the fact that your reality is a mere transitory andfleeting illusion, taking this form today and that tomorrow, according to the con- ditions, according to your will, your sentiments, which in turn are controlled byan intellect that shows them to you today in one manner and tomorrow . . . whoknows how ? Illusions of reality represented in this fatuous comedy of life thatnever ends, nor can ever end, because if tomorrow it were to end . . . thenwhy, all would be finished.The Manager. Oh, for God's sake will you at least finish with this philoso- phizing and let us try and shape this comedy which you yourself have broughtme here ? You argue and philosophize a bit too much, my dear Sir. You know,you seem to me almost, almost .. . (Stops and looks him over from head to foot).Ah, by the the way, I think you introduced yourself to me as a ... shall we say" character, " created by an author who did not afterwards care to make a dramaof his own creations.The Father. It is the simple truth, sir.The Manager. Nonsense. Cut that out, please ! None of us believesit, because it isn't a thing, as you must recognize yourself, which one can believeseriously. If you want to know, it seems to me you are trying to imitate themanner of a certain author whom I heartily detest — I warn you — although Ihave unfortunately bound myself to put on one of his works. As a matterof fact, I was just starting to rehearse it, when you arrived. (Turning to theactors). And this is what we've gained. Out of the frying-pan into the fire.The Father. I don't know to what author you may be alluding, butbelieve me I feel what I think, and I seem to be philosophizing only for thosewho do not think what they feel, because they blind themselves with their ownsentiment. I know that for many people this self-blinding seems much more" human ", but the contrary is really true. For man never reasons so muchand becomes so introspective as when he suffers, since he is anxious to get atthe cause of his sufferings, to learn who has produced them, and whether it is justor unjust that he should have to bear them. On the other hand, when he is happy, he takes his happiness as it comes and doesn't analyse it, just as if hap- piness were his right. The animals suffer without reasoning about theirsufferings. But take the case of a man who suffers and begins to reason aboutit. Oh 110 !it can't be allowed. Let him suffer like an animal, and then —ah yes, he is " human " [9The Manager. Look here ! look here ! You're off again philosophiz- ing worse than ever.The Father. Because I suffer, sir. I'm not philosophizing ; I'm cryingaloud the reason of my sufferings.The Manager [makes brusque movement as he is taken with a new idea).I should like to know if anyone has ever heard of a character who gets right.out of his part and perorates and speechifies like you do. Have you everheard of a case ? I haven't.The Father. You have never met such a case, sir, because authors, asa rule, hide the labour of their creations. When the characters are really alivebefore their author, the latter does nothing but follow them in their action, intheir words, in the situations which they suggest to him, and he has to will themthe way they will themselves, for there's trouble if he doesn't. When a characteris born, he acquires at once such an independence even of his own author, thathe can be imagined by everybody even in many other situations where the au- thor never dreamed of placing him, and so he acquires for himself a meaning whichthe author never thought of giving him.The Manager. Yes, yes, I know this.The Father. What is there then to marvel at in us ? Imagine sucha misfortune for characters as I have described to you : to be born of an author'sfantasy, and be denied life by him, and then answer me if these characters leftalive, and yet without life, weren't right in doing what they did do and aredoing now after they have attempted everything in their power to persuade himto give them their stage life. We've all tried him in turns, I, she (:indicating theStep-Daughter) and she (indicating the Mother)„The Step-Daughter. It's .true. I too have sought to tempt him,many, many times, when he has been sitting at his writing table, feeling a bitmelancholy, at the twilight hour. He would sit in his armchair too lazy toswitch on the light, and all the shadows that crept into his room were full ofour presence coming to tempt him (as if she saw herself still there by the writingtable, and was annoyed by the presence of the actors). Oh, if you would only goaway, go away and leave us alone — mother here with that son of hers — I withthat Child — that Boy there always alone — and then I with him (just hintsat the Father) — and then I alone, alone ... in those shadows. (Makes a suddenmovement as if in the vision she has of herself illuminating those shadows she wanted to seize hold of herself). Ah! my life! my life! O, what scenes weproposed to him, and I tempted him more than any of the others !The Father. Maybe. But perhaps it was your fault that he refused togive us life, because you were too insistent, too troublesome.Tiib Step-Daughter. Nonsense! Didn't he make me so himself ?(Goes close to the 'Manager to tell him as if in confidence). In my opinion he aban- doned us in a fit of depression, and disgust for the ordinary theatre as the publicknows it and likes it.The Son. Exactly what it was, sir; exactly that.The Father. Not at all! Don't believe it for a minute. Iyisten to me !You'll be doing quite right to modify, as you suggest, the excesses both of thisgirl here who wants to do too much, and of this young man who won't do any- thing at all.The Son. No, nothing.The Manager. You too get over the mark occasionally, my dear sir, ifI may say so.The Father. I? When? Where?The Manager. Always. Continuously. Then there's this insistence ofyours in trying to make us believe you are a character. And then too, youmust realty argue and philosophize less you know, much less.The Father. Well, if you want to take away from me the possibilityof representing the torment of my spirit which never gives me peace, you willbe suppressing me : that's all. Every true man, sir, who is a little above thelevel of the beasts and plants does not live for the sake of living, without knowinghow to live, but he lives so as to give a meaning and a value of his own to life.For me this is everything. I cannot give up this just to represent a merefact as she (indicating the Step-Daughter) wants. It's all well for her, sinceher " vendetta " lies in the " fact ". I'm not going to do it. It destroys myraison d'etre.The Manager. Your raison d'etre ! Oh we're going ahead fine! Firstshe starts off, and then you jump in. At this rate, we'll never finish.The Father. Now, don't be offended ! Have it your own way, provided,however, that within the limits of the parts you assign us each one's sacrificeisn't too great.The Manager. You've got to understand that you can't go on arguing atyour own pleasure. Drama is action, Sir, action and not confounded philosophy.The Father. All right. I'll do just as much arguing and philosophizingas everybody does when he is considering his own torments.The Manager. If the drama permits. But for Heaven's sake man, let'sget along and come to the scene. 4 The Step-Daughter. It seems to me we've got too much action with, ourcoming into his (indicating Father) house. You said before you couldn'tchange the scene every five minutes.The Manager. Of course not. What we've got to do is to combine andgroup up all the facts in one simultaneous close-knit action. We can't have it asyou want, with your little brother wandering like a ghost from room to room, hidingbehind doors and meditating a project which — what did you say it did to him ?The Step-Daughter. Consumes him Sir, wastes him away.The Manager. Well, it may be. And then at the same time, you wantthe little girl there, to be playing in the garden . . . one in the house, and theother in the garden : isn't that it ?The Step-Daughter. Yes, in the sun, in the sun. That is my only pleasureto see her happy and careless in the garden after the misery and squalor of thehorrible room where we all four slept together. And I had to sleep with her —I, do you understand ? — with my contaminated body next to hers, with herfolding me fast in her loving little arms. In the garden, whenever she spied me,she would run to take me by the hand. She didn't care for the big flowers,only the little ones and she loved to show me them and pet me.The Manager. Well then, we'll have it in the garden. Everything shallhappen in the garden, and we'll group the other scenes there. (Calls a stagehand). Here, a back-cloth with trees and something to do as a fountain basin.(Turning round to look at the back of the stage). Ah, you've fixed it up. Good!(to Step-Daughter). This is just to give an idea of course. The Boy, instead ofhiding behind the doors will wander about here in the garden, hiding behindthe trees. But it's going to be rather difficult to find a child to do that scenewith you when she shows you the flowers. (Turning to the Youth). Comeforward a little, will you please ? Let's try it now! Come along ! come along !(Then seeing him come shyly forward, full of fear and looking lost). It's a nicebusiness this lad here. What's the matter with him ? We'll have to give hima word or two to say. (Goes close to him, puts a hand on his shoulders, and leadshim behind one of the trees). Come on ! come on ! Let me see you a little !Hide here .. . yes, like that. Try and show your head just a little as if youwere looking for someone .. . (Goes back to observe the effect, when the Boy atonce goes through the action). Excellent! fine! to Step-Daughter). Sup- pose the little girl there were to surprise him as he looks round and runover to him, so we could give him a word or two to say ?The Step-Daughter. It's useless to hope he will speak as long as thatfellow there is here ~ . (Indicates the Son). You must send him away first.The Son (jumping up). Delighted ! delighted ! I don't ask for anythingbetter. (Begins to move away?). The Manager (at once stopping him). No ! No ! where are you going,Wait a bit!(The Mother gets up alarmed and terrified at the thought that he is really aboutto go away. Instinctively, she lifts her arms to prevent him, without, however, leavingher seat).The Son (to Manager who stops him). I've got nothing to do with thisaffair. Iyet me go please ! Iyet me go !The Manager. What do you mean by saying you've got nothing to dowith this ?The Step-Daughter (calmly, with irony). Don't bother to stop him ;he won't go away. ,The Father. He has to act the terrible scene in the garden with his mother.The Son (suddenly resolute and with dignity). I shall act nothing at all.I've said so from the very beginning. (To the Manager). me go !The Step-Daughter (going over the Manager). Allow me ? (Puts downthe Manager s arm which is restraining the Son). Well, go away then, if you wantto ! (The Son looks at her with contempt and hatred. She laughs and says)You see, he can't, he can't go away. He is obliged to stay here, indissolublybound to the chain. If I who fly off when that happens which has to happenbecause I can't bear him — if I am still here and support that face and expressionof his, you can well imagine that he is unable to move. He has to remain here,has to stop with that nice father of his and that mother whose only son heis. (Turning to the Mother). Come on, mother, come along ! (Turning to Managerto indicate her). You see, she was getting up to keep him back. (To the Mother,beckoning her with her hand). Come on! come on! (Then to Manager). Youcan imagine how little she wants to show these actors of yours what she reallyfeels, but so eager is she to get near him that .. . there you see, she is willingto act her part (and in fact, the Mother approaches him, and as soon as the Step-Daughter has finished speaking, opens her arms to signify that she consents).The Son (suddenly). No ! no ! If I can't go away, then I'll stop here,but I repeat : I act nothing.The Father (to Manager excitedly). You can force him, Sir.The Son. Nobody can force me.The Father. I can.The Step-Daughter. Wait a minute, wait. . . First of all, tne babyhas to go to the fountain . . . (Runs to take the Child and leads her to the fountain).The Manager. Yes, yes of course ; that's it. Both at the same time.(The second Lady Lead and the Juvenile Lead at this point separate themselvesfrom the group of actors. One watches the Mother attentively; the other movesabout studying the movements and manner of the Son whom he will have to act). The Son (to Manager). What do you mean by both at the same time ?It isn't right. There was no scene between me and her. {Indicates the Mother).Ask her how it was !The Mother. Yes, it's true. I had come into his room .. .The Son. Into my room, do you understand ? Nothing to do with thegarden.The Manager. It doesn't matter. Haven't I told you we've got to groupthe action ?The Son (observing the Juvenile Lead studying him). What do you want?The Juvenile IyEad. Nothing. I was just looking at you.The Son (turning towards the second Lady Lead). Ah ! she's at it too.To re-act her part (indicating the Mother).The Manager. Kxactly. And it seems to me that you ought to be grate- ful to them for their interest.The Son. Yes, but haven't you yet perceived that it isn't possible to livein front of a mirror which not only freezes us with the image of ourselves, butthrows our likeness back at us with a horrible grimace ?The Father. That is true, absolutely true. You must see that.The Manager (to second Lady Lead and Juvenile Lead). He's right.Move away from them !The Son. Do as you like ! I'm out of this.The Manager. Be quiet you, will you, and let me hear your mother !(To Mother). You were saying you had entered .. .The Mother. Yes, into his room, because I couldn't stand it any longer.I went to empty my heart to him of all the anguish that tortures me . . .But as soon as he saw me come in .. .The Son. Nothing happened. There was no scene. I went away ; that'sall, I don't care for scenes.The Mother. It's true, true. That's how it was.The Manager. Well now, we've got to do this bit between you and him.It's indispensable.The Mother. I'm ready .. . when you are ready. If you could onlyfind a chance for me to tell him what I feel here in my heart.The Father (going to Son in a great rage). You'll do this for your mother,for your mother, do you understand ?The Son (quite determined). I do nothing.The Father (taking hold of him and shaking him). For God's sake do asI tell you ! Don't you hear your mother asking you for a favour ? Haven'tyou even got the guts to be a son ?The Son (taking hold of the Father). No ! No ! And for God's sake stop it, or else .. . (General agitatation. The Mother, frightened, tries to separatethem).The Mother (pleading). Please! please!The Father (not leaving hold of the Son). You've got to obey, do youhear.The Son (almost crying from rage). What does it mean this madness you'vegot ? (They separate). Have you no decency that you insist on showing every- one our shame ? I won't do it. I won't. And I stand for the will of ourauthor in this. He didn't want to put us on the stage after all.The Manager. Man alive ! You came here.The Son (indicating Father). He did. I didn't.The Manager. Aren't you here now ?The Son. It was his wish, and he dragged us along with him. He's toldyou not only the things that did happen, but also things that have never hap- pened at all.The Manager. Well, tell me then what did You went out ofyour room without saying a word ?The Son. Without a word. So as to avoid a scene.The Manager. And then what did udo ?The Son. Nothing .. . walking in the garden .. . (hesitates for a momentwith expression of gloom).The Manager (coming closer to him, interested by his extraordinary reserve).Well, well. . . walking in the garden .. .The Son (exasperated). Why on earth do you insist ? It's horrible.(The Mother trembles, sobs and looks towards the fountain).The Manager (slowly observing the glance and turning towards the Son withincreasing apprehension). The baby ?The Son. There in the fountain .. .The Father (pointing with tender pity to the Mother). She was followinghim at the moment...The Manager (to the Son anxiously). And then you .. ,The Son. Iran over to her; I was jumping into drag her out whenI saw something that froze my blood . . . the boy there standing stock still witheyes like a madman's watching his little drowned sister, in the fountain (TheStep-Daughter bends over the fountain to hide the Child. She sobs). Then .. .(A revolver shot rings out behind the trees where the Boy is hidden).The Mother. (With a cry of terror runs over in that direction together withseveral of the actors amid general confusion).My son ! my son (Then amid the cries and exclamations one hears her voice).Help ! help ! The Manager (pushing the actors aside while they lift up the Boy and canyhim off). Is lie really wounded ?Some Actors. He's dead ! dead !Other Actors. No, no, it's only make believe, it's only pretence.The Father (with a terrible cry). Pretence ? Reality sir, reality!The Manager. Pretence ? Reality ?To hell with it all! Never in mv•/life has such a thing happened to me. I've lost a whole day over these people,a whole day !Curtain HULA-HULA William Carlos Williams I should like to come uponsome of the girls from" Tangerine "doing their stuntnakedin their hairon Brighton Beachone of these fine morningsthat the horned sunmight laughand I see himfresh from the seasshake his broad shoulders André Derain Woodcut AT THE DOORS Boris Pilniak (Translated By Louis Lozowick) André Derain Woodcut (A word of introduction. This story forms a connecting link in the chain of storiesabout the Splendid Face of the Revolution. And it is a story that tells about the snowof yesteryear melted under the fence). So likewise ye, when ye shallsee all these things knozv that itis near, even at the doors.(vSt. Matthew, 24, 33) I. Some years ago the merchant's wife Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina had a pump- ing station built at the foot of Sibirna Mountain. The station was nicknamedafter its owner, Olga Nicolayevna. No water was being pumped any more butthe whistle still blew regularly at 8 o'clock in the morning, and at 2 and 4 inthe afternoon. Whenever the morning whistle blew at the foot of the mountain,Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh, who lived at the other end of the city, would wakeup, and, filled with an inexpressible sadness in his half drowsy state, wouldbegin to weave dreams about the beauty of human life and the splendor of humanspring. Ivan Petrovitch had once passed two days on the Volga, and thewhistle of Olga Nicolayevna seemed to him exactly like that of " Caucasus Mer- cury". Who, indeed, does not know the sweet melancholy of the Volga in springand the longing its cool, red mornings inspire to embrace the whole world ?Ivan Petrovitch would get up, drink his classical carrot-tea, and go to work atthe Finance Section. The life of Ivan Petrovitch was dull.Olga Nicolayevna stood at the foot of the mountain, and on the moun- tain itself, beyond the ramparts, near the Kremlin Gates, was the building for- merly known as the Social now as the Communist Club. At the 2 o'clock whistle,Doctor Audrey Andreyevitch Veralsky dropped in for lunch. In the old days,the bar tender wrould call his boy before the doctor's arrival arid say : " Hey,kid, make it fresh." And the boy would use his tongue to refreshen thecaviar sandwiches which he handed the doctor together with a glass of vodka*Now the doctor was served an empty glass which he would fill from a speciavial, always kept in his vest pocket. But as ever before, when lunch was over'the doctor would shout through the window and across the street : " Ilya&gt;fetch the carriage," and drive forth to his patients.Christmas.Owing to the holiday, the whistle of Olga Nicolayevna did not blow at 4.The real Olga Nicolayevna, Mrs. Jmukhina had died from terror two years pre- viously when her furs and smoked geese were requisitioned. Hand-writtenposters hung on the walls of the club, And the bar tender knew that the orches- tra of the Cavalry Division would play on Christmas night at the ball of theVoyenkom (i) to celebrate his wife's birthday, and that on New Year's eve(old style) the Voyenspetz (2) of the Division would arrange an out of townpicnic. On Christmas Eve everybody went to the Church of St. John the Baptistto meet the new Church warden, the Commander of the Division, comradeTanatar. Comrade Tanatar, a handsome Caticasian, dressed in a leather jacketand boots, was selling candles and passing around the plate.The entire population was busy killing poultry, exchanging shirts forbutter, baking pies with beetroot instead of sugar. A week before the holi- days, all drug stores in the city were cleaned empty.Frost and storm.In the deadstill brick house of Doctor Veralsky, on the Sibirna Mountain,only two rooms were fit for habitation. All the others were extremely coldand frost-covered. On the first day and night Olga, the doctor's daughter,%sat watching the weather outside. The frost was playing with its cold diamonds ;the sky was an intense blue, and the moon seemed lost in it. Morning cameyellow and wax-like. The sun was yellow like wax, yellow like the face of acorpse. The barometer fell to 32. Ilya said the birds were falling frozen tothe ground. In the evening some one called up to say that a snow-storm wascoming from the Uial. It soon came sweeping along, dancing, howling, groaning,shrieking above the fields and the city, around the Sibirna Mountain, and inthe empty parlor. The only place in the house where one could support theweather was the corner near the stove. Olga Veralskaya saw now the revolutionas a snow-storm and the people in it as mere snow-flakes. It seemed to Olgathat the snow-storm had killed her. Dressed in a fur coat and top boots, shesat huddled near the stove, tired of thinking, tired of reading.Nevertheless, with the storm raging outside, she sat reading the diary ofIvan Petrovitch Bekesh.Five image-lamps burned before Olga Veralskaya. The couch stood facingthe stove and was all cluttered with fur-coats. The tiles of the stove shonedimly. And behind tjie wall the wind was blowing in the empty rooms.July 11, 1913.At the ball of Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina.Having cleaned our faces of the make-up, we went there together with Volyns- kaya. We found the party in full swing. The old and middle-aged occupied tworooms ; our own company chose one far from indiscreet eyes. Samuel Tanatarsat beside me and Volynskaya opposite me. No sooner had I drunk the first glass (1) Voyenny Kommissar (Military Commissary)(2) Voyenny Specialist (Military Specialist). of vodka than V olynskaya came prof erring advice : " Don I drink too much." Shehad promised to spend the evening with me and allow me to accompany her homeif I did not get drunk. Before half an hour was over everything was topsy-turvy.Some one shouted: " Wine! " Some one burst out singing. A roar went up.Plates began flying... My organism refused to drink any more. I began to feeltipsy. In order not to become completely drunk, I said to Volynskaya : " Well,who is going to see you home Tanatar or I?" She was just then sitting beside him,and they were preparing to go home together. "I do not really know " she saidand added: " But you are already tipsy, Vania ". " Alright " I answered and wentinto the next room where I found Doctor Veralsky, the father of my beloved Olga.As soon as he saw me he made me sit down and silently treated me to a glass of somestrong drink. I drank it to spite Volynskaya, and at once became dead drunk.My friends took me into the garden, gave me some soda water to drink, and wentaway. I sat there for a while, crying over my sorry state and thinking of OlgaVeralskaya, the only woman I truly loved. Why, for Heaven's sake, did I ever ,drink so much and spoil my whole evening — and spoil everything ? I did notremain alone for long. Volynskaya came, sat down beside me, put her arms aroundme and began preaching morality : " One must not drink so much." In fullpossession of my wits I answered: t( lam not to blame, it is all Samuel's fault.I heard you arranging to go home together. And now lam far too drunk to dowhat we intended ." She pressed close to me and embraced me. I was kissingher hands repeating : " Forgive me, forgive me," and begged her not to leaveme, adding: " I know that this is the last time I see you." At these words I triedto break away from her and Tanatar (the latter had been present all this time).She sought to hold me back, but I escaped. Tanatar caught me and made me sitdown beside her again. She took me into her arms and said : " Vania, if youonly love me, you won't commit suicide," and clinging passionately to me she press- ed her lips to mine and remained motionless. Oh, how much pity there was in thiskiss, how much despair, frenzy, passion, how much unselfish love ! Minutes pass- ed, each an eternity and each rich in memories {of Olga Veralskaya). Yes...that kiss gave me the illusion of happiness ; mere illusion, it is true, but still ofhappiness. When Volynskaya left (she went to dance) I noticed Tanatar and drovehim from me shouting: " Rascal, scamp, you shattered my happiness ! " I evenbegan to cry. " I won't have anything to do with you." Tanatar washed my headand gave me some soda- &lt;water to drink. I felt sick. The boys tried to put me tobed, but no, by Heck ! I would not have anybody except Volynskaya. She helpedme to reach the bed (/ could not walk alone) and it'as on the point of leaving when/ detained her and sang:" Please don't go away, please stay with me,I feel so happy, so light-hearted, " There she stood before me. I saw her splendid sensual body, her thick goldenhair (ithe chignon) her snow white teeth framed with red voluptuous lips — and felt an electric current shoot through me... Yes, happiness was so near, so near[Tanatar got it)... Oh happiness!" July 12, 1913. Woke up at one in the afternoon and the first man I-saw, right in front ofme, was Vassia Fedoroff. He slept in a curious position; his head was onthe pillow and his entire body on the dirty floor. We looked into the mirror and— Good Lord, what a sight ! My clothes were all crumpled, spewed over in variousparts, and covered with feathers from top to bottom. Having performed the morn- ing ritual, we went into the garden. We met Tanatar coming from the other endwhere he had probably been sleeping. He looked a terrible sight. On the front,his clothes bore everywhere traces of vomiting ; on the back they were thickly coveredwith dirt, as if he had been dragged by his feet over the ground. After Tanatar,we met the girls coming from the pavilion where they had been sleeping. Sooneverybody was present and Heavens, we did laugh ! The lunatic Fedoroff was thefirst to speak. Hardly able to stand on his feet, he had sneaked into the pavilionjust as the girls were turning in after the ball. He bade them all good night, thenseizing somebody's dress, jacket, and hat, he put them on and took to dancing. Ayoung chap, scarcely known to anyone, had spent the entire evening with the hostessOlga Nicolayevna Jmukhina in a carriage outside, where they had supper and wine,spiced abundantly with frequent kissing and smutty talk. Then the girls told theirversion of the story. They Had scarcely undressed when Sammy Tanatar brokein dead drunk announcing his intention of sleeping with them. The girls, of course,all got frightened and hid under the blankets. All their exhortations and prayersfor him to leave the pavilion were of no avail. Then, disregarding all rules of de- cency, the girls jumped out of b'ed and threw him out of the pavilion by main force.Immediately after Tanatar's departure came the lunatic Fedoroff, but everybodyonly laughed at him because he was nice and behaved more decently than Tanatar.Happiness. Happiness and laughter.A lialf forgotten nursery tale is revived in some corner of her mind. Ifyou plunge a sharp knife into the funnel of whirling snow you will kill the grand- daughter of the snow-storm — the snow-flake. A drop of her cold whiteblood will fall on the ground and this blood will bring happiness — happiness.If one could only believe this tale, go out into the snow-storm — waylay thesnow-flake dancing carelessly its round dance — and attain happiness —But what if one believes in nothing ?Happiness. Happiness. And Olga Veralskaya knew : she was that snow-flake ; she had been killed.The storm was blowing, sweeping onward, howling, raging. The fur coatswere lying on the couch. The five image lamps were burning, the tile was shiningdimly. Doctor Veralsky was heard snoring. The diary had fallen in her lap ;tears were falling in her lap. Tears for him. Her head had fallen in her hands.But what if one believes in nothing ? What if they had killed her like asnow-flake ? No, not they — he had killed her. The story of Olga Veralska- ya's life was simple : high school, college, the Red Front, where one could neitherunderstand nor condemn, then he . . . A dark military hut, the smell of horses,a dim lantern on the wall, a horse's head, black eyebrows, black eyes, red lips —pain, pain, horror, horror, horror, disgust. That was all.The diary had fallen in her lap ; tears were falling in her lap. The imagelamps were burning. Her eyes were lanterns in an autumn rain. Anxiety. Pain.Doctor Andrey Andreyeviteh Veralsky, dressed in a fur coat and feltboots, came out of his room yawning, and got near the stove." Olenka, I've brought some mutton. Shall we treat ourselves to somemutton roast or use it for soup ? Tell Ilya about it."" Father, what did Olga Nicolayevna Jmukhina die from ? "" She died from a shock. Got frightened when her house was searched.They found her dead under her bed. Why do you ask that ?" What was she like ? "" What sort a person you mean ? Well, rather depraved but kind-heartedWon't tell, then, Ilya about the meat ?Doctor Andrey Andreyeviteh yawned sweetly. II. On Christmas Eve a special messenger called at certain houses and deli- vered the following confidential note :v " and gentlemen :o If you wish to have the following goods :84j | Sugar, refined 1000 rbls per lb."8 * Sugar, pulverized 800 » » »0 $ Mutton 450 »_ » »d Pork 700 » )&gt; »•H tO O1* | S Meat, Tcherkask 225 » » »S0 a 8 Meat, Russian 100 » » »— you will please state the quantity desired to our messenger who will callat 6 p. m. (old time) and the specified goods will be promptly delivered to you.No deposit is required. We trust your honesty.Your Friends." Christmas Eve.A big bright star was to rise on Christmas Eve to unite all men — but nostar could yet be seen. The mother of Doctor P'ederoff was busy making piesand was happy because a Christmas star would rise in the evening, becausethere would be pelmenis (i) in the house, and, for once, no potatoes at all, and,above all, because Vassia was her only son — her all. And there would benapkins, and a table cloth, and kerosene oil, and sweets, and pelmenis — thebest pelmenis in the city.Joy mixed with deepest sorrow — was the mother's; sorrow mixed withkeenest joy — was the son's. The Doctor chopped wood and heated the stovefor his mother, and his heart was overflowing with a fervent tenderness, with afervent love for his mother. His mamma, his mammy, troubled and happy atthe same time, was fussing around the pelmenis, sweets, and the mutton pie.On Christmas Night a ball was given at the Voyenkom's. There was anorchestra, waiters, geese, pork, cognac, cavalry, jjonka (i), cakes, pies, candytableaux vwants, games of forfeit, charades, flying post, speeches. It was a jointmeeting of the third element, i.e. the Intelligentzia, and the representatives ofthe Communist Party.But nothing special was happening on Christmas at the house of IvanPetrovitch Bekesh, for if some people could and did find various provisionsin the starving city, Bekesh was completely helpless. Together with his wife,mother, god-mother, and child he was forced to live on potatoes which, althoughincluding all his rations up to July, were in just sufficient to end thestarving family's days by certain death in spring.Early on Christmas Eve Doctor Fedoroff and the writer lakov Kamyninstepped into see Ivan Petrovich Bekesh. In the blue twilight they came,walking in the crisp snow along many side-streets. Skirting the fields they camethrough the suburbs and past houses buried in snow to the roof. They foundIvan Petrovitch playing vingt-et-un with his wife, mother, and god-mother.He took his guests into his study containing a double-bed, a Japanese fan, anda table with postal cards arranged in symetric order. Kamynin who nearlyreached up to the ceiling, sat down without removing his hat. Ivan Petrovitchknew why the writer and the doctor had come. Still he said :" Well, how did you blow in ? It's quite an age since I saw you."" On foot " answered Kamynin, " Yes."" Ha, ha, ha," Bekesh snickered "of course."" Have a smoke ; the makhorka (2) is quite strong : how are you getting on ? (1) A sort of meat pie.(2) A cheap tobacco. a Hm... poor business. We live and eat, though, truth to tell, there isprecious little to eat/'Silence. Smoke." We came to see you about the "" Oh, I see, about the diary. All right, I have not changed my mind,but... "" Then agree to sell it ? "" I have not changed my mind, but, really, of what use is it to you ? Amuse- ment, I suppose." I need it " said Karnynin and drew the smoke." It is for Olga Veralskaya, for my dear Olenka " — Doctor FederofE wasthinking with acute pain." Yes, I suppose, as material for your writing."" That's it, I need it as material."" But allow me to ask, lakov Sergeyevitch, what you found interesting• • j &gt;}in it." Well, know... Quite a lot, yes."" Are you going to write a novel around it ? "" Well, Ido not know. Perhaps."They remained silent." How about the diary ? "" I am afraid I can not give it to you at this price."" What price ? "" The one agreed upon. I am selling it to you only because you are a writer.I would not sell it to any one else."" But nobody else would buy it except as wrapping paper."" You are right. You are absolutely right. Remember, however, that Iput all my soul into it, all my life."" May be."" And you want it for a thousand roubles ! "Doctor Fedoroff looked at the trembling hands of Ivan Petrovich Bekeshand at his pale forehead. Ivan Petrovitch sat unnaturally erect, fidgeting asif he were on strings. And in the movements of his body, in the sweat on hisforehead there was something loathsome, something cringing, calculating. lakovKamynin, who had written fifteen books, and who looked like another DonQuixote, sat there with his bony legs spread wide apart, with his hat on, smokingwearily, speaking slowly and also wearify. " Olenka, Olenka, dearest, precious "thought Fedoroff and his heart was filled with love and pain." Show me the diary, anyway."Ivan Petrovitch turned to get up, then remained in his place. f&lt; Upon my word, lakov Sergeyevitch, Ido not know where it is. Parts of itare in the lumber room and you have other parts. I,et us speak of something else/'" Nonsense ; let us have done with that first/'" One moment : I am going to look for it."Ivan Petrovitch got under the table and took out a bundle of copy books." How disgusting all this. Very disgusting. And what if one believes innothing " — thought Doctor Pedoroff and turned his glance away. Kamyninrolled up another cigarette and began to undo the bundle." Have another smoke ! The makhorka is quite strong... Well, how much,then ?" There is some of my poetry here, too."" All right, how much do you want for the whole thing ? "" Oh, you want to know the price ? Upon my word I did not intend sellingit. I really do not know."" What human wretchedness " thought Doctor Fedoroff. " And what ifone believes in nothing ? Olga Veralskaya believes in nothing, and yet her combis sewn up carefully with cotton so that no one may notice it is broken. Andmother, mammy dear, is busy making pelmenis in the city. And all for him, for Doc- tor Fedoroff. But the diary is for Olga Veralskaya." Then the Doctor said aloud :" Listen, it is getting late. I have a headache. Hurry up with thatbusiness."Ivan Petrovitch was watching Kamynin turn the pages, and suddenly hisface brightened." All right, I accept your offer ; only, please, leave me this copy book. Itis quite small; it contains the story of my love for Olga Veralskaya. Her ownnotes on the margin are a precious memory for me. My first love. It is nothingto you. But to me her notes are most important. She wrote them in pencil.Leave them here."" Yes, I can leave them," said Kamynin." No, no, take them too," said the doctor with emotion." Leave them, doctor, " said Kamynin ; " it's a trifle."" Vassia, you are the friend of my childhood days, leave them with me " —pleaded Bekesh." All right, it's all the same to me, all the same. Still lam very sorry " —said Doctor Fedoroff. " All right.""My soul. And so cheap ! " — this from Bekesh.And again the two walked silently through side streets, in the deep snow,in the blue twilight. Only the red light in the West had now gone out, and thetwilight was driving the starry Christmas nails into the firmament. A beautifulwoman was coming towards them. She was wrapped in a shawl and two pails were hanging from a beam across her shoulders. Ivan Sergeyevitch lookedintently at her and stopped, spreading his legs wide apart — which made himlook like Don Quixote and a pair of scissors at the same time. Then he said :" Have a smoke... There is beauty even in pain. What a beautiful woman.Yes... and do you know, I've got three poods (i) of cod-liver oil and potatoes,and I can go on living and cultivating beauty for two years. I must write abook. I have written fifteen books already and each about a different woman.My wife, I think, is living with Tanatar. What does Olga Veralskaya reallyrepresent ? She is very beautiful. What a beautiful woman — the one withpails ! "" It is the wife of Bekesh " — said Fedoroff." Maybe. But Bekesh is already selling his diary and I have still plentyof cod-liver oil."" lakov Sergeyevitch, are you not afraid ? "" I am, but I must write the book." — Kamynin added that he had besidepotatoes and cod-liver oil also some denatured alcohol. Then the two separated." Kamynins wife was absent. Keeping his hat and coat on, Kamyninfound an old sword, peeled some potatoes with it and cooked them. He wascrouching on the floor, and as he went into his work his mouth twisted con- vulsively to one side. He drank some denatured alcohol, some cod-liveroil, and soon fell asleep. His face now bore a calm and bright expression, thoughhis lips were still nervousl}7 contracted.And Doctor Fedoroff had pelmenis. There were also pies, napkins, a biglamp, and his mother was fussing about and repeating :" Eat, Vassenka, eat, my darling, have some more, my boy."The food was nice, but there were not enough pelmenis to appease his hunger.And his mother had been too busy to do her hair up for Christmas or to removeher old apron.But all over the earth people were celebrating the holiday when Satan cast hisspell over the earth for the last time before the coming of spring, sunlight, and joy.A note was brought to Doctor Fedoroff." The Soviet of the Workers' and Peasants' Deputies of the village PopovkaCertificateThis is to certify that the refugee from Popovka, citizen Anton lusofatPanashtchiuk wants to be vaccinated against catching the cholera on his jour- ney. His mother, who is in the city, wishes the same.For the County SovietPresident I. Ptitzyn. (i) Pood — forty Russian pounds. 5 III. At Christmas people usually dress in their best clothes, go visiting theirfriends, retire at four in the morning, make merry, organize soirees, five o'clockteas, balls, make love and feel reborn as it were, though in reality they remainthe same ; they suffer exactly as they did before or dodge suffering — also asthey used to do. On this particular Christmas day everybody went to the Com- munist Club. All day long comrade Tanatar was driving through the city inhis troika (i) giving rides to every girl he knew.And all night long Tanatar, the handsome Caucasian, Tanatar, lay like ahuge tired cat before the holy images in the empty house of his father. Theimage lamps were burning in front of him, the silver of the ikons was shiningdimly. Comrade Tanatar lay there crouching as if ready to leap, and his eyes,deep-set under the eyebrows, intense black spots on his dark thin face, seemedfrenzied with the yellow reflection from the image-lamps. His wife, pale and white,appeared on the threshold and said noiselessly :" Get up, Samuel." And Tanatar pressed more closely to the floor in mad- dening agonizing fear. Once, at the front beyond the Volga, Tanatar steppedaccidentally on a black lizard. Its bowels leaked out, its eyes started fromits head ;if Tanatar's wife had seen that lizard then, she would have noticedthat Samuel's eyes on this Christmas night were exactly like the eyes of the li- zard on that day in the steppe." Get up, Samuel/' His wife, all white, was wandering that night throughthe dark rooms. She passed to the kitchen where the hilarious orderlies wereplaying treeleestneek (2). In the corridor one could distinguish by the light ofthe smoking night lamps, saddles, swords, rifles, uniforms, shoulder straps allthrown together in great disorder. It smelled of horse sweat." Get up, Samuel."The snow-storm was raging outside — the storm which told Olga the stoiyof little Grandchild snow-flake. It must indeed have been a witch's spell. Itwas almost impossible to move about that night. The wind swept down fromthe roofs, made somersaults, whirled in a fury, blew from the devastated fields.The snow was heaving like a sea-wave. Instead of walking one was almostforced to crawl through the snowy dimness, the shrieking, groaning, howlingwhirlwind, the white obscurity, the white deadly song. A.nd on this nightthree people were hovering about the house of Andrea Veralsky on the SibirnaMountain. Tanatar left his house, and felt at once as if the white witch the snow- storm had sunk her icy hands into his neck. Tanatar drew his head in and his (1) Team of three horses.(2) Trefoil, a game of cards. birdlike face with its aquiline nose stuck out prominently. And again it seemedthat the man, like some beast, was ready for a leap. Up to his waist in the snowTanatar ploughed through it, crossing side-streets, turning corners, until hefinally reached the invisible house of the Veralskys. Nothing could be seentwo steps ahead. The storm was sweeping down from the mountains andthe steppes, flying at the houses with a strident cry. Some one came rightupon him.The tempest almost drowned the words :" Who is there ? "" The Commander of the Cavalry Division — is this Doctor Fedoroff ? " —Tanatar shrunk still further into himself, and Fedoroff did not know whetherthe cry that followed was the voice of Tanatar, the howling of the tempest,or the work of his own feverish brain :"He is watching Olga Veralskaya. Olga is mine, I won't give her up.Iyook out for Tanatar — Doctor ! He will kill you/'They separated but met again, frightened, and having met, noticed a thirdperson. It was a white woman leaning against a fence. And when they hadpassed her, Tanatar bent over Fedoroff and whispered in his ear :" That is my wife. My wife. Green sickness. She follows me every- where ; she knows everything but is silent, always silent. Bloodless. DoctorFedoroff, Vassia, what an empty existence ! Vassia, there is nothing worthliving for. lam no better than a beast, uncultured, ignorant. And my wife,always silent, but knowing everything. She says that we must love man ;we must love the worst examples of man — even Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh.We have forgotten man."They crossed two side-streets, and met Bekesh. Ivan Petrovitch was stand- ing near a curbstone on which he had hurriedly placed a package. Havingrecognized them as friends, he shouted gaily :" You certainly frightened me. I have ruined myself to buy some breadfor Christmas. lam carrying it in the dark so that nobody will take it awayfrom me."In this snow-storm everybody came to the house of lakov Kamynin thewriter. The guests drank tea out of soup plates, peeled potatoes with an oldsword, sent for vodka, and played chemin defer amid the shrieking of the storm,the clatter of plates, and outbursts of laughter. All through the night and thefollowing day, the writer lakov Kamynin and the voyenospetz Tanatar remainedstanding at the old round table ; they could not play otherwise. Oil-lampswere burning till the morning. The table was cluttered with cards, thousand- \louble notes, glasses, plates, potatoes, tobacco. Tanatar's orderly wenttwice to ask Tanatar's wife, all pale and white, for regimental cash. Others, having left the table, lay down on the sofa, to get np after an hour's nap and re- sume playing. The women left the room at daybreak and came back at noon.The room seemed like the faces of the players, haggard and drawn ; the airwas dense with smoke and charged with alcohol. The mind, exhausted withextreme concentration, wandered absently over the round table, the carpet- covered and dust-smelling sofa. The mind of the writer lakov Kamynin wasa dense gray like the smoke-filled room ; and black, pitch black was the mindof the voyenospetz Tanatar. Doctor Fedoroff had gone to bed long before andwas now speaking in his sleep. Kamynin was probably right when he saidto the newcomers :" Have a smoke. Cards, you know, are the only miracle in the world.Must be. That is why they are worth several sleepless nights. A miracle !Who does not dream of it ? Queen of Spades, King of Trumps, and Nine —the unique miracle. And beauty. And woman — another miracle/'Kamynin, while playing, was writing at the same time mechanically on hiscalendar." The miracle of days."The women came in the afternoon, after some hours of sleep. They cookedpotatoes for the men. Kamynin's wife, however, Irina peeled potatoes not forher husband, nor for anyone else but Tanatar. Kamynin himself, hardly ableto stand on his thin legs, was also peeling potatoes, while his eyes looked some- where far beyond. And Irina came and put her head not on her husband'sshoulder but on Tanatar's." Have you lost ? " — she asked in a low voice." Lost everything." And Tanatar smiled naively " Regimental cash."" Much ? "" Two hundred."" Thousands ? "" Yes."" Who got them ? "" Can't recall. lakov, I think. Anyhow, it has been all spent on vodka."" Come to my room, I shall put you to bed."" All right, put me to bed. " And Tanatar smiled naively and helplessly." Is it still snowing outside ? "" No, the storm is past."Nobody had ever seen Assyrian women, but everybody was certain theymust have looked like Irina. Cup-like breasts, almond-shaped eyes, hairlike that of the stony Ariman, stiff horse hair hanging in plaits 011 her bosom,face and body almost square, almost stone-like and yet mobile like those ofa circus woman. Irina had, in fact, once been a circus rider in Odessa. The men finished drinking, crowded into the corners like flies on an autumnday and, keeping their military and ftir coats on, went to sleep. The womenwere preparing the costumes for the evening masquerade. In the kitchen,the orderlies of the voyenospetz took a hand now at playing cards. Kamyninremained sitting at the table, 'where the game had been going 011. He waswriting in his calendar and drinking wiiat was still left in the glasses. Theadjutant, Prince Trubetzkoy sat beside him. They spoke to each other list- lessly. Before 1917, the prince was owner of property extending over severalstreets in Moscow as well as of some estates in the Government of Moscow,Tambov, Veronej and Poltava. Kamynin himself had owned a whole town in theWest of Russia, and his former forests, wood-mills, mines, and factories werescattered through several Governments, he himself could not tell exactly where." Let us send for another bottle of cognac, Prince, " said Kamynin lazily." It would be best to take a bath now and have some white wine withstrawberries " — answered the prince." Fresh strawberries. Yes. A good idea. But you know, when lam play- ing cards and drinking champagne, fresh fruit is all right to begin with, but afterawhile it's ham and cabbage I must have/'Kamynin went on writing figures then repeated lazily :" Let us send for another bottle of cognac, prince" After all, the cognac is not better than home-made brew."" Let us send for home-made brew then."" With red pepper and filet. We have plenty of bread."" WTell, there is no bread left, but that's nothing, we can have raw meat,Prince."Kamynin wrote down the last figures, looked at his calendar a long time,then stood up, his thin legs wide apart and his hands under his arm pits.Tanatar, pale and with half-closed extinguished eyes, was lying in Irina'sroom, on the sofa, covered with a plaid and resting his head in Irina's lap.Kamynin and Fedoroff came into the room together with the twilight. Kamyninmade an effort to keep his balance and said :" Have a smoke, Tanatar. Ira, I must write a book. A green forest,a birch forest, is cut down to be made into paper. Everything for a book.For beauty. For Beauty. Ira, you are living with Tanatar and I need anotherwoman — for my book. Let us discuss the subject. Good and evil, truthand untruth — that is all nonsense. Beauty is the thing. We must solveall questions in a very simple way. I mean to ask Olga Andreyevna Veralskayato be my wife."Twilight was descending. The window pane turned frosty blue. Thechurch bells were ringing. Nobody moved. Nobody said a single word. " Olga Audreyevna Veralskaya ! I must set it down very simply beforeher. For the sake of beauty, for the sake of the book. It is all very simple/'Twilight. Gray, blue twilight. Shadows were creeping into the corners.The face of Irina was the face of an Assyrian woman." Ira, we still have some cod-liver oil, we 'Shall have enough for all threeof us."" Tell us something about yourself, lakov."" Well; life is nothing : beauty is all. Beauty and miracles. X,et usquit life.""Do invite Olga, lakov, we shall drink together sometime. Imagine —two tipsy women ! "Gray twilight. Tanatar suddenly bounded up like a rubber ball." Hey, a troika, vodka, Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya... All here !"The orderlies drove up the Division troika harnessed to a sledge. Tanatarfussed about the room putting on a driver's suit. Then he took Irina into hisarms and began to shout incomprehensible words : " Anara — tai — ra ! "Tanatar took the driver's seat; Kamynin and P'edoroff sat down in thesledge." Get up ! "The horses sent the silver dust flying ; the sledge was creaking, the bellsjingling. The house of Veralsky on the Sibirna Mountain looked as dark andgloomy as ever. Fedoroff stayed with the horses. Kamynin and Tanatarwent into the house. Tanatar remained in the cold parlor while Kamynin wentinto Olga Veralskaya's room. And when Kamynin came out of her room hestumbled upon something in the dark and noticed Tanatar crouching on thefloor as if ready to jump like a black cat, and whispering (did Kamynin hearthe whisper ?) :" Miracles happen ; miracles do happen. Don't play with secrets Olga.Don't."That evening Comrade Tanatar drove madly through the city, givingeverybody a ride in his troika ; Irina, the girls, tipsy Kamynin, tipsy Trubet- zkoy, the various voyenospetzs.Then came the masquerade ball at the Communist Club.Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya had sewn up her comb very carefully so thatno one might notice it was broken, but Olga Andreyevna did not come to theball. The military orchestra thundered valses, Hungarian dances, mazurkas.The voyenospetzs, particularly those of the cavalry regiments had come with theirspurs and swords and were the heroes of the occasion. The ladies were maskedas Nights, Springs (in paper flowers), Birch Trees, lyittle Russians (with beadsfrom the Christmas trees), Tyrol Peasants, Cucumbers, and Dominoes. And because the baths of the city had not been heated and the perfumes had allbeen shipped to the villages by speculators, the air was thick with the smellof powder, tobacco, and the specific odor of the women's sweat. The voyenos- petzs clicked their heels and danced, inclining their heads to one side. Be- tween dances they went to the refreshment room to drink tea. Since 110 ladieswere present there, all sorts of anecdotes were being recounted." Maria Ivanovna told me yesterday that she would be dressed as Nightand her sister Claudia as Cucumber. Well, I met Maria Ivanovna tonightand noticed beside her a Cupid. I thought this was Claudia and said : ' Whyare you not a Cucumber ? 1 The Cupid burst out laughing and called me im- pertinent. "" That's nothing, but one fairy has a ribbon... "The orchestra struck up — the Hiawatha. A girl dressed in a cheap suitwas waiting anxiously for some dancer to come along and invite her. Her littlesister was in the way. Small, thin, with red hands, with a pale little face, ina shabby dress and mended stockings, the little girl looked at everybody witha frank and friendly glance of her pure bright eyes, laughed sweetly, and spokesweetfy to her sister. JBut her sister answered reluctantly in monosyllablesand looked back at her with anger. The little girl laughed and was happy.Then a post-office employee invited the sister and they went to dance. DoctorFedoroff watched the little girl closely.She remained alone. She was sad and frightened, and she began to wanderover the room, looking anxiously about her. The smile disappeared from herface. She looked fixedly ahead. Doctor Fedoroff probably did not noticethat he said aloud :" There is still time ; it will come one day. Later. No. No."Doctor Fedoroff came towards the little girl and extended his hands." Don't be sad, please, don't. Let us go and dance. Let us go and havesome tea. Don't be sad. Come."The little girl ran away from the stranger straight into the crowd of coup- les dancing the Hiawatha. She burst out crying bitterly, loudly. DoctorFedoroff threw himself on the table where tickets and home-made candies werebeing sold, and also began to cry, hiding his wet face in his hands and in theticket books.'■ Water was brought to Doctor Fedoroff. People gathered around him.The Hiawatha stopped. Tanatar was most attentive and tender. And ashe was putting the Doctor into the sledge, the little girl came out with her sisterand the post-office employee. Nearly lifting the little girl by her hand, hersister repeated angrily :" Idiot, idiot, cry-baby ! " When she saw Doctor Fedoroff, she whispered angrily to the post-officeemployee :" That one, too, — impertinent ! " IV. On New Year's Eve tlie voyenospetzs of the Division arranged a party inKamynin's former country villa now become Soviet property. The house, overa century old, had been heated several days in succession but it was still coldand damp. And as this house had once been plundered, no lamps were nowto be found and torches had to be used instead. On the gallery, in the whitehall, the orchestra was playing in the dark, without notes and very badly outof tune. Some people came in the morning in order to spend the day in thecountry, to go out skiing or take a walk. Others arrived direct for supper. Thereis a special category of girls whose sole occupation is amusement. Plenty ofthem were present that evening. A company of ski-runners gathered on theedge of the forest around a little bright fir-tree. They lighted two candles onit, danced around it, and burned it up. The night came, deep and silent, bring- ing a myriad stars and lighting up a myriad icicles which also shone like stars.Supper was served in the stripped parlor lighted by torches. The companyin uniforms, fur coats and hats sang, ate and drank. The orchestra played loudly,but nobody danced. After supper everybody took to drinking again. Agreat surprise was then staged. The writer Kamynin, the former owner ofthe house, opened, with his own key, a secret cupboard with wine. Some ofthe wine had become sour, some of the cognac and vodka had lost its flavor,but everybody drank, shouted hurrah, sang " You'll be buried when you die "and " Gaudeamus". Though half evaporated, there was still enough wine, cog- nac, and vodka left to carry on a cavalry attack. Everybody was merry. Somegirls got on the fire-place and from there onto the shoulders of the voyenospetzswho were supposed to represent fiery steeds. This was called a cavalry attack.The cavalcade rushed screaming through the dark rooms. In the sitting roomsomebody started the game of Chemin defer. One could already hear whispersand screams coming from the dark rooms. Far from the sitting room the or- chestra went on playing. Tobacco smoke filled the sitting room where newcavalry detachments were constantly forming. The torches were smoking.Kamynin found a book on the window. It was the New Testament. Standingnear a torch, his legs spread wide apart, Kamynin opened it at random and readaloud : " But he that is an hireling and not the shepherd whose own the sheep are,seeth the wolf coming and leaveth the sheep and fleeth, and the wolf catcheth them and scatter eth the sheep ; the hireling fleeth because he is an hireling and carethnot for the sheep."One of the young girls fell from the lire-place and screamed. Somebody said :" Va-banque."Tanatar came near Kamynin and said in a low voice :" Read something for me."The telephone rang piercingly in the deserted rooms of Olga Veralskaya(the yellow desert) and the voice of Samuel Tanatar was heard across the wire" Forgive me, Olga. Forgive me. I am so weary, so lonely. Forgiveme. Forgive me everything. I shall expiate my sins. We have not long to live.We are doomed. Forgive me. My ugliness here is perhaps, but a yearningfor other, more beautiful regions. I am speaking with the blood of my heart."And Olga answered in a low voice :m" Yes, I forgive you. I do. I forgive you everything. Nothing has hap- pened." Just as Tanatar was calling up Olga Veralskaya the whistle of OlgaNicolayevna blew at the foot of the mountain, and at that moment AndreyAndreyevitch Veralsky probably shouted through the window of the Club: " Ilya,fetch the carriage /' One of the girls fell from the fire-place and screamed. Some- bodysaid: "Va-banque." Tanatar came near Kamynin and said in a low voice :" Read something for me."" All right. Something from Matthew :32. — Now learn a parable of the fig-tree : when his branch is yet tenderand putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh :33. — So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things know that it is near,even at the doors. "Kamynin, completely drunk, finished and almost lost his balance. Ta- natar looked at him fixedly." Shall I read for you now ? "" All right, read for me.""I do not need the book, I know it by heart. This is also from Matthew :Let the dead bury the dead. Chapter VIII. Let the dead...Tanatar turned abruptly and left the room. The lavatory was spoiledand the men had to go to the back porch. Tanatar followed tliem. The moonwas hanging low above the horizon. Dogs were barking in the village. Tru- betzkoy put two fingers in his mouth and was sticking his head into the snow.Another voyenospetz was lying on the snow to cool off. Two others were stillsmoking. Tanatar walked down a couple of steps and stopped." The imbeciles have dirtied everything."He took out the Nolan revolver, A low shot rang out, but Tanatar himselfprobably did not hear it. The orchestra played funeral marches and the Internationale. Only onewoman followed the red coffin of comrade Tanatar. It was his sad, thin, palewife — his wife who knew everything.Night. Darkness. Snow. Stars. Silence. On the edge of the forest,near the rigid pine trees, little fir trees stood wrapped in snow and bent to theground. One of them had been burned down and was still smoking. Silence.Immobility. The stars shone brightly and there were myriads of them. Onestar fell down. Silence. . The hours passed. Suddenly something began tomove in the field, and a lone snow-flake came whirling among the fir trees. An- other followed and they both vanished. In the North somebody was pulling adark mitten over the stars. Snow-flakes fell again — one, two, five. Twoof them met, got entangled, whispered something to each other, merged in one«hand died. The forest answered the call of the snow-flakes. It sent up a piercingcry, and the fir trees bent their heads in a stately minuet. The trees crackedand began to drop old branches to the ground. And again there was silence.And again the snow-flakes came whirling — one, two, a hundred were born anddied. The fir trees bent their heads in a new minuet. A shouting, a ringing,a howling was heard. The dark heavenly glove began to scatter grains overthe earth. Snow-flakes got entangled. They found the space too narrow anddashed across the fields. Myriads of them.And the storm was on. The dead snow-flakes, born by the snow-storm andflying for thousands of miles over field, forest, river, and city, moaned, laughed,shouted, wept in their mortal agony.This snow-storm had not been announced. It came from beyond the Volgaand was going in the direction of Yeletz, Kursk, Sumy, Poltava.Doctor Andrey Andreyevitch Veralsky did not go to see his patients in thestorm and was reading Mayne Reid all day. Dressed in his fur coat, cap, andboots, he came out for lunch at three. He ate shtchee (i) made of sour cabbageand mutton. He looked silently at Olga and said gloomily :" Iyife is hard nowadays Olga. You have had a rest. You might be lookingfor something to do — teaching, perhaps. The holidays are over. You oughtto work. You would not feel so lonesome, then. Have some mutton."A word about Ivan Petrovitch Bekesh.Ivan Petrovitch came to the writer Kamynin, spoke about the diary, andfinished by saying that the price he had asked for it was far too low and oughttherefore to be raised or the diary returned to him. Kamynin answered thathe had bought the diary not for himself, but for Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya, (i) A kind of soup. Olga Andreyevna Veralskaya met Kamynin on tlie following morning in thelabor bureau. A young girl with sheepish black eyes and hips like the backof a sledge was being registered before them," What is your profession ? " — asked the woman clerk." I am a political emigrant " — answered the girl. " Before 1917, I livedwithin the pale (2). My name is Sofia Pindrik."" I see."It was Kamynin's turn." Your profession ? — asked the clerk." A writer."And the woman clerk wrote down in the corresponding register : " Clerk." (2) Territory Jews are allowed to settle. LES NOCES DE CLYTE John Crawford While it was light,he was attended by a virgincrisp as green lettuce.Her kisses left ringsof coolnesson his cheeks.She had slipped awaybetween the buildings of the city ;the windows still shiningwhere she had loved her image.Around the cornernight waiteddrugs dripping from her fingers... THE WOODPECKER Corrado Govoni (Translated by E.S.) Who is that doctor downthere mid the flowering hemp,putting his ear in turnto all the trees ?That steady hammering seemsthe work of a crazy carpenter,all the day furiouslynailing up coffins,alone there,mid the hemp and the stubble.Every now and again hestops and flies madly away,bursting out into ahorrible eerie laugh. RUSSIAN BERLIN L.L. German Berlin is astir.Isadora Duncan came from Russia, flying in an aeroplane.But Russian Berlin is in even greater commotion.For Isadora Duncan did not come empty-handed ; she brought some pre- cious freight along, to wit :A poet,And a husband —All the same person, to be sure, the famous Russian Imaginist-peasantbard, Sergey Yessenin.Isadora Duncan and Sergey Yessenin will stay in Berlin for a time, take aflying trip to Paris and London, and in October depart for America wherea well known concert bureau has engaged them to tour the country. The bu- reau is reliable. Their success is assured.To return to Berlin, however. The first thing for the couple to do wasnaturally, to visit the Russian " House of Art " (Dom Isskusstva), an insti- tution where all great, near-great and would-be-great foregather without dis- tinction of race, religion or previous condition of servitude, where talk andsoda water flow in an unending stream ; where theories and tobacco are consumedin alarming quantities (both meeting the same fate).Everybody turned out for the festive occasion. The meeting was openeduncommonly early, to be precise : at half past ten P. M. which is not to saythat Yessenin was there. He let the audience wait. The audience did. Iyongbut not in vain. For as the midnight bell rang (he choose the psychologicalmoment), Yessenin appeared arm in arm with Isadora Duncan. The windowsshook. It was no tempest without; it was a thunderous applause within. En- thusiasm was boundless. No wonder some young chap forgot himself (whichwas not so bad) forgot the fact that the " House of Art " was non-political(which was far worse) and shouted :" Vive rinternationale." (He meant the organization of course).Isadora Duncan who did not know the rule of the House took up the cry :" Chantez la " she said (she meant the song, of course)." Down with the International! " broke in a white guard officer (he meantboth, of course).And then the fun began. The Whites (rather black) and the Reds (ra- ther pink) were each determined to fight out the battle to the bitter end. Itwas the liveliest meeting in the history of this staid and lukewarm institution.Things went so far that Yessenin's fellow Imaginist, the fine Circassian poet Kussikov,who had smelt powder in his Red Army days, wtanted neither more norless than to shoot the white guard officer, " like a puppy " as he eloquently put it.Yessenin himself who had seen enough scandal in his Imaginist Club atMoscow to suffice half a dozen other men a long lifetime, would not be dis- comfitted by a little incident like that. Anyhow, the Whites were completelyrouted and the International rang out, quite naturally, out of tune and withoverlapping stanzas, but none the less full-lunged and enthusiastic.Then Yessenin got up on a chair and read.Only Russians can read thus and only one of them, Yessenin. Wordsthat pounce upon you, pummel you, lash you, cut into your flesh, daze 3^ou.It is the peasant revolution million-voiced that speaks through the verseof Yessenin, the revolution with all its excesses and contradictions. A dualismcan be traced through all his work. The poet who at one moment declareshimself so harmless as not to touch a hare, is ready, at the next, to sticksomebody with a knife. The poet so humble as to tip his hat to the cow onthe sign of the city butcher .shop, is sufficiently daring to reform God himself.Tender and coarse almost in the same breath :" Good night ! " " Good night to you all."" The scythe of evening rang out upon the glass of dusk.Somehow I feel like to-night.From my window to take a — on the moon." (Confession of a Scamp) The down-trodden are not sufficiently sophisticated, not sufficiently schooledn the hypocricies of civilization to mince their words or check their instincts.They have an inestiguishable love for animal existence. That is why they areready to take bitter revenge for past wrongs, defend stubbornly present pri- vileges, and stake all for future freedoms.Yessenin understands the downtrodden. If he is to be believed, onlyprostitutes and bandits can understand him. Calling Nietzsche to witness,this might be a compliment to those who appreciate the poetry of Yessenin,though they have not the good luck to be prostitutes or bandits. Doubtlessthey possess the requisite qualifications potentially, but they most have escapedtheir fate through mere accident (explanation of which may be found in Freud— or in Marx). In this respect they are not unlike Yessenin himself :If I were not a poet, I would surely be a crook and thief/' (In the Land of Rogues) During the unprecedented upheaval in Russia, events have been movingat a giddy speed. The poetry of Yessenin moves synchronously with the speedof events. He piles novel image upon image ; he creates a new mythology ;he invents new rhythms. The revolutionary trend will never quite be the sameagain. But it has already been arrested, rendered concrete and lasting in the poetry of Yessenin The Most Important Announcement Made By An American Publisher In YearsTHE CARRA EDITION OFTHE WORKS OF GEORGE MOOREBOOKIyO VERvS and admirers of George Moore haveeagerly awaited the announcement of a collectededition of his works. We take great pleasure inannouncing that we have completed arrangements forthe publication of a definitive subscription edition of hiswritings, which will be the first unexpurgated and uni-form collection of all of his books which he desires to per-petuate. The author has not only written an entirelynew and characteristic preface, but has made textualchanges, in most cases of considerable importance, inevery one of the works reissued in this new edition. Twoof these works, Modern Painting and The Brook Kerith,have been entirely rewritten ; and there are two newbooks which will appear for the first time in this edition,In Strict Singleness and Peronnik the Fool, Daphnis andChloe, etc. The set will include such heretofore priva-tely printed titles as A Story-Teller's Holiday, Avowalsand Heloise and Ahelard, all of which are now very diffi-cult to obtain, and only at high premiums. New Mooreworks are likely to be added in the same uniform for-mat from time to time, and the original subscribers tothis edition will have the privilege of purchasing them atthe first subscription price.The Carra Edition is strictly limited to one thousand number* d sets for sale and twenty-five sets marked Ato Y (not for sale). The first volume in each set will be signed by the author. The edition will be printed fromspecial type on pure rag paper and bound uncut with vellum backs and paper board sides. The publishers planto issue the books in groups of three volumes each, and the first group should be ready by October i, 1922 ;the other groups will be published at intervals of two months. The price will be $ 8.50 per volume, and the pub-lishers reserve the right to advance the price to $ 10.00 per volume after the first publication day.You are urged to place your subscription at once through your bookseller, or direct to the pub-lishers. A special brochure will be mailed on request. In view of the limited number available,an early subscription is desirable to avoid disappointment.Zbc Untimate Uetters SeriesThese volumes are octavo size, printed on English laid paper, with uncut edges, and handsomely bound inlibrary buckram. The editions are strictly limited to 1,500 numbered copies. Each, $4.00.The Twenty Titles in theCARRA EDITION are:Lewis Seymour and Some WomenThe Mummer's WifeMuslinSpring DaysEsther WatersEvelyn InnessSister TeresaThe Lake and The Untilled FieldAvowals and Confessions of a Young ManMemoirs of My Dead LifeAve Salve ValeThe Brook KerithA Story-Teller's HolidayHeloise and AbelardIn Strict SinglenessPeronnik the Fool, Daphnis and Chloe,etc.Impressions and OpinionsModern PaintingTHE GEORGE SAND - GUSTAVEFLAUBERT LETTERSTranslated by AIMEE McKENZIEIntroduction by STUART P. SHERMANThese frank and affectionate letters, extendingfrom 1866 to 1876, make an extraordinary fascinat-ing volume. George Sand's family life at Nohant,the old bachelor's solitude at Croisset, meetings inParis, adventures with publishers and theatrical man-agers, and pungent comment on such friends as Sainte-Beuve, Hugo, Gautier, and Turgenev, are here.THE NIETZSCHE — WAGNERCORRESPONDENCEEdited by ELIZABETH FOERSTER - NIETZSCHETranslated by CAROLINE V. KERRIntroduction by H. I,. MENCKENHere are collected and published for the first timeNietzsche's letters to and from Wagner. The bookcontains much that is entirely new — in fact, every-thing that could contribute to a true estimate of one ofthe most remarkable and romantic friendships of thexixth Century.ROBERT HENRIEdited by WIIJJAM YARROW and EOUIS BOUCffik.This first volume in the American Art library is a superb monograph on one of the foremost American ar-tists, and combines a charming resume of his life and work with forty full-page reproductions of his paintingson the finest paper obtainable, without lettering, suitable for mounting. The edition is limited to nine hun-dred and ninety copies. Subscription price, $ 10.00. {Illustrated brochure on application).B0N1 &amp; LIVERIGHT103 West 4otb ST.NEW YORK CITY Three Books that are current in the Intellectual Life of Today.Walter Lippmanri* s" Public Opinion"" The most sane and inte-resting discussion of the to-pics involved yet producedin America — ChicagoDaily News.A book that is beingwidely discussed bythe thoughtful peo-ple of America.3£\&gt;elgnSCOtt' 62.75,by mail $2.90A New Book byClive Bell"Since CezanneClive Bell's brilliant andamusing criticism of modernart and aesthetics havemade him one of the fore-most exponents of thex philosophy of the newerA new novel by the author \1 x 1of "The Narrow House". \ f°rms art. His la-test book is invalu-Here is a novel that expresses in its \ able to the artistinsight into human nature, the loss of \ an(j tlloSe whostandards, the feverish turbulence of mo- \ u 1 * Adern existence. Through the revelation of \ have a knowledgetheir mental life Mrs. Scott has created a group \ of art itself,of characters who are unforgettable. $1.75. \ $2.00HARCOURT, BRACE and Co., i W. 47th St., New York.The subscription price of BROOM is $5 peryear, but for a limited time only we are makingthe following special offer:(1) BROOM for a year ($5) and WaldoFrank's Rahab (Boni &amp; Liveright, $2). Both for $5.(2) BROOM for a year ($5) and EvelynScott's Narcissus (Harcourt, $1.75). Both for $5.(3) BROOM for a year ($5) and D. H. Law-rense's Aaron's Rod (Seltzer, $2). Both for $5.BROOM3 EAST 91" STREET, NEW YORK CITYFor the enclosed $ please send me Broom for a year and thefollowing book . Name Address C THE LEY OF7R a 112 d or orIn Six CantosbyTHE COMTE de EAUTREAMONT[ Isidore Ducasse: 1850 -70 ]Translated, from the French by JOHN RODKERwith 3 Plates after Odii(on Redonand with the Introduction by REMY de GOURMOJS/7and a new one by the translator.An Edition limited to 1,000 numbered Copies,of which 100 Copies will be 011 large paper, speciallybound, and with plates in duplicate.This book is practically unknown in English-speaking coun-tries and very little in France. Its infernal grandeur, monstrousand tortured pride and touching puerility, reach a sublime heightfound only in Wm. Blake. It is impossible in a note, to give anyidea of the magnificence of its aspirations. Remy de Gourmontsays of it : ' This book will remain unique and from now on belongsto that list of works which, to the exclusion of all classicism, formsthe limited library and only possible reading of those whose ill madespirits will not lend themselves to the less rare joys of the common-place and of conventional morality.'This book, Demy Bvo. on hand made paper and of about 350pages with prefaces will be privately printed on his own press bythe translator and should be ready in October 1922. Application forcopies price £2, (large paper £3), to be made in advance to : —John Rodker 4a Took's Court, Chancery Lane London E.C.4Subscribers may rest assured that the production will be aworthy one, and that it will receive the care and attention whichcharacterised the Ovid Press of which most of the publicationsissued 1919-20 are now out of print. Pa rf u m PARI S „c The new COTY creation-V &gt; *o»v , - &gt;.Cr/ie fascination of —thevivid fcersorialitij 112 theicitxf couvaqe—it breathiesits inches ctihcthie allure irz the,exqjtilsite pe-jfttrne PAR.I S,,the veritable, spirit essence of"Hs. the city CJ"PARIS,,ESSENCETOILET WATERFACE POWDERCOMPACTSACHETQleuj ( 7t4- fjftfth d/IvenuetyTlontreal 14- Phillips Scjuare I—-— 'I —II—l-*—lea3DREICoI—l- —JI — I ~;—r~—l ~T— I —i—l560 Uvenuecinew tfJork,r=i^±zz=t=!=±TT=lME=3i 1I—— Ii 'i—— i—— Ir=ni— i — il-r-l—r-lz;IIIIIIUIUHiailBHHII«i:«V tmITJ.msiiiltiP-XVIth CeInlurw■JETeweCasketbeiongito the de^enddmfi§slSS,mnsrwS 'Lfje §reafOconocfasfSmasher of idols, deflater of balloons, pricker of bubbles, destroyer ofillusions, and constant, implacable fighter of shams of all kinds, THE SMARTSET is the great iconoclast among magazines.And because it is equally fearless in publishing what is good regardlessof popular " taste" or author's obscurity, and because it publishes nothingthat is not good, it has gathered an audience that is remarkable alike forits sophistication and its intellectual brilliance.Every appreciative reader of BROOM should read THE SMART SETregularly also. In many like BROOM, it is in many other ways the naturalcomplement of BROOM. The two magazines together furnish an intellectualdiet that contains the proper proportions of proteins, vitamines and otherproperties essential to perfect intellectual and spiritual nourishment.As a matter of fact, the foregoing paragraphs might well have been omit-ted, as they are all contained in the plain statement that Henry L. Menckenand George Jean Nathan are the editors of THE SMART SET and regularcontributors to it. The literary and dramatic criticisms of these gentlemenneed no comment here ; but it may be well to state that " Repetition Gene-rale which appears in each issue and which is a joint contribution, containssome of the most remarkable writing of the day, writing which will delightyour soul.Gentle reader of BROOM, fill in the coupon below NOW, while it is inyour mind. You'll be thankful all your life.THE SMART SET, 25 West 45th St., New York.For the enclosed Four Dollars send me THE SMART SET for 12 months; andsend me copy of book checked below as a premium free with the subscription.the; critic and the; drama,By George Jean Nathan.THE GIRI&lt;S, by Edna FerberCHEKHOV'S NOTEBOOK