Bruno's Weekly 2 6 February 5th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-02-05_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 6 Untitled Image Illustration 1 From the Collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan Illustration 3 Lincoln’s True Face Captain George Edward Hall cre 3-4 Reedy On Preparedness 4-5 London Letter Edward Storer cre 5-6 "All Right; I’ll Be a Crook," said Rich After the German, author not named, by Guido Bruno cre 6-8 Three Things by Tom Sleeper 8 A Fable Ralph Johnson cre 8 Untitled Image Illustration 9 As I Walk Out On the Street Cat-Paw cre 9 In the Playhouses D. B cre 9-11 Cowley Brown Is the Man 11-12 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-13 Contemporary Verse 12-13 The Bla 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Branch Library News 13 In Which 13 In Our Village 13-16 Children’s Hour on the Square 16 The Story of Oscar Wilde’s Life and Experience in Reading Gaol His Warder cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents February sth, 1916N.S.E. Copyright Febtuaiy sth, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission ofGuido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit isgirtn to author and Bruno's Weekly. If you wish to get acquainted Weekly beforeyou decide to become a subscriber, send twenty-five centsin stamps and you will receive five back numbers of thisjournal, which prints stories, pictures and articles you cannotread anywhere else.BRUNO'S WEEKLY, 58 Washington Square, N. Y. C. READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS952 Issues Two Dollars BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square FEBRUARY sth, MCMXVI Vol. II No. 6 Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office of NewYork pending. From the Collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan Lincoln’s True Face Captain George Edward Hall I INCOLN had a shield of honesty in his face, in whichevery man could see his own conscience; and Lincolnwould judge from his embarassment his character. This in- stantaneous knowledge of Lincoln rarely made a mistake.I came to meet Lincoln in this way. I had nearly recoveredfrom my wound when I returned to Washington to find I hadbeen honorably discharged because of its severity. I defcidedto see Lincoln about it. With fear and trembling, I sent inmy litle card, stating I was a wounded soldier. He at onceadmitte'd me, leaving Generals, Senators and others waiting.I asked him if there was not some way X could serve mycountry more. "Well, my boy, you are serving your countryby being wounded. However, I am glad you want to serveyour country more."He' was reading a letter as I entered. He looked at me overhis spectacles, then lifting them above his eyes on his forehead,he looked at me searchingly, as if looking for my wound. Thenhe took off his glasses and laid them on the? table. I rememberit was a long table piled with maps and books. He arose andwalked slowly around to where I stood—no longer with fear,but as if I had met my best friend. He put his hand on myshoulder. "And you would like? to go back to the front? Butyou are too badly wounded for that! Wait a little. Go backhome and get well and strong. We are thinking of organizingan Invalid Corps to displace able men now on guard duty, andwhen we are ready for wounded recruits, send in your name andyou shall do more duty for your Country!" He then asked me where and when I was wounded. "Oh, yes, these bad bulls thatran, but the" last was not so mad-bad as the first." He thenasked me about the management of the second Bull Run battle.I told him I felt my commander, McDowell, had been sacrificedby the jealousy of othe'r generals. And I had the pleasure ofentertaining him quite a little, while the great men waitedin the lobby. This illustrates the great good feeling of the manwho gathered his wisdom from the lowly multitude.And I, today, remember as if it were but yesterday, thatbenevolent face and the great hand that encompassed mine ashe said, "My dear boy, don't forget to send in your name forthe Invalid Corps. God bless you, good-bye!"I sent in my name promptly and was promptly appointedSecond Lieutenant and ordered to Providence, R. 1., where Iwas again mustered into, the United States service, and fromthere ordered to Washington, appointed to First Lieutenantand placed in command of the 4th Company of this newcorps, doing guard duty in the vicinity of the White House.And then I saw considerable of Lincoln until promoted toCaptain and ordered with my company to this city to guardcriminals. And then and here came the saddest duty of mylife —to guard all that was mortal of the immortal man whilehe lay instate at the City Hall for the weeping multitudeto gaze upon. Little thought I when I saw his face in life thatI should so soon be called to guard his face in death. Andnow, at seventy-seve?n, I am devotedly trying to recall thatsublime face, that the people may see it as I saw it then inlife. And I have no help but my memory, for his face hasbeen commercialized by artist and artisan until it has becomea caricature, rather than a character. Even a death-mask hasbeen produced to villify his gentle face in death; and onepurporting to be a life cast leaving the* mole off! If it hadbeen from life, Robert T. Lincoln would have never writtenme: "As to a cast, I have none and have never wanted one, Idon't like them." And God save the* mark! our halls and ourparks are filled with Lincolns that never were.This is a gullible age! But there is a time coming whenthe idealism of Lincoln will go into effect and nature willhave her own in art as we'll as in life. Reedy On Preparedness PREPAREDNESS is the bold-typed slogan on the front pagesof our newspapers and in politics and a feature of ourtraveling President's speeche's. In the current issue of his"Mirror," William Marion Reedy discloses himself as the onlyeditorial writer in the United States who dares to look thisquestion squarely in the face, writing his editorial so plausiblyand so clearly that after reading it we are looking forwardto the big politician or the big organizator who will acceptcircumstances as they are and find a way to "preparedness."Here is what Reedy says about the problems of preparedness: '"Reading most of the articles for preparedness you'd thinkit is going to be an easy thing to get prepared. But don't youbelieve it. First, it's easy to say 'Let us have a standing armyof 500,000.' But where are we' to get that many men? Thearmy _ cannot be kept up to its present complement of men.Americans won't enlist in numbers, save in hard times, and therecord of annual desertions is depressing. Well then, "Letus have the Government take over the militia of the states."But the consent of the individual states must be? secured, andthat is not going to be easy. The states will not want to bearthe expense and give the Government control. 'Let us adopt theSwiss system, then.' Here, again is a difficulty. The Swisssystem begins with training in the schools. The states supportthe schools. They won't want to pay their money to educatesoldiers. Later it will take' men from their work. They willhave to be paid for their time. Who will pay, the states orthe United States? Suppose we go to conscription. Thepeople will not stand for that. The National Government cannotquickly do much of anything without co-operation of the statesand that co-operation will involve' changes in the NationalConstitution. Secretary of War Garrison makes all these pointsclear, and the main point is that with regard to the militarysystem there is no unity of authority, responsibility and control.Secretary Garrison plans a small regular army and a con- tinental army, raised 133,000 men at a time, each to serve?three years, until it reaches 400,000. The continental army isto be "recruited territorially," say 333 each year from each ofthe 400 Congressional districts. But if the me"n won't come?Compel them. It will be seen, that while the Secretary of Warfinds it easy to knock out all other plans of preparedness, hisown plan is up_ against the objections to those other plans.Chiefly the individual state?s are in the way, and then the peopleare not wild for military service. Nor are they hot for centrali- zation. The present Constitution is an obstacle. It will taketime to change that and, considering the theory that thereis no time to be lost, we cannot wait on that change?. But canwe proceed extra-constiitutionally ? It is not likely. Prepared- ness is easy—to talk about." London Letter Edward Storer London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New KensingtonJanuary 20th.{RUSSIAN fiction and Russian literature indeed of almostevery kind is the rage in London. No one knows howthese things happen. Work is being done now in a few monthswhich should have been spread out over the last twenty years.We have had to wait an absurdly long time for English transla- tions of some of the best known Russian classics. Now the?publishers—immoral sheep—are tumbling over one another intheir efforts to be first with editions of Andreieff. Snlogub,Dostoievsky, Pushkin, Gorki, Tcheckoff, Gontcharoff, Artiba- scheff, etc. It is all very absurd and discreditable, and of course, as aconsequence there will be a reaction when no one will look at aRussian book.One might prophesy an interest in Belgian literature whichhas never received its proper attention in this country.Courrouble, Eekhoud, Lemonnier, Rodenbach, Demolder wouldtranslate well enough. Probably something will start off aBelgian translation boom one day.I wonder if you have ever heard of Rutland Boughton andthe Glastonbury Festival theatre which proceeds with its workin spite of the gloom and discouragement of the war. It is aninteresting venture and I hope to give you an account of itsome day. Last week "Bethlehem" was given at Glastonbury.This is a setting of the Coventry shearmen's nativity play. Iunderstand the text was modernised and amplified in some re- spects, and that Zarathustra was added to the Kings, while theWarwickshire dialect was replaced by _ that of Somerset.Boughton is a most ambitious man, whose ideas on the develop- ment of music-drama were set out some' time ago in a littlebook called The Music-Drama of the Future. One of his ideasis that it is impossible to develop any art in the unreal andcommercial atmosphere of a great city such as London, whichI think is true; if not self-evidently true. Boughton believes thatas art has generally sprung out of a communal life, it becomesthe first necessity of the artist to secure this communal ex- itence to be the mother of his artwork. Hence, he hopes that bybuilding up in Glastonbury a communal village life he may atthe same time provide the matrix for a national art of music- drama. But there is more than this in his plans—a great dealmore, and I must return to it some day.In connection with music, Madame Liza Lehmann's musicalversion of the old morality, Everyman, has just been given atthe Shaftesbury theatre', with Mr. Poel directing the scenic andlighting arrangements. It is doubtful if any music could addanything to the curious power of Everyman, and to destroy theartistic unity of the play by cuts and alterations in order tosuperimpose a mood of modern music on the mediaeval moralityseems nothing less than ignorance or selfishness.The French edition of the book I mentioned in my last letter,Romain Rolland's Au-Dessus de la Melee is receiving consider- able attention here at the hands of the reviewers. In a longarticle in the New Witness, entitled The Impartial Mind, Mr.V. Y. Eccles writes of Rolland. "He is a citizen of the world,and perhaps the last of the French romantics. Only it is apity that he cannot think, or that he cannot be silent."The English and American editions will not be long in ap- pearing now I fancy. "All Right; I’ll Be a Crook," said Rich After the German, author not named, by Guido Bruno. MR . PHIL RICH, day laborer, was betrayed shamefully byhis betrothed. With the? explanation that his income wastoo uncertain to risk upon it a marriage, she handed him, after seven years courtship, his walking papers. Mr. Rich was hurtto the roots and he vowed revenge. A ve!ry peculiar one. _Hedecided to become a criminal. Not a very desperate criminal,but still one whom they would lock up. And if his betrothedwould have only the slightest inkling of a conscience andrecognize! that it was she who had caused his downfall, hertortures would be terrible. At the same time he tocombine the pleasant with the useful and to have as good a timeas he could. Therefore he chose! the profession of a crook andstarted upon hlis new activities by entering an automobile factory,He said: "My name is Rich, formerly day laborer. I wishto get an autombile with as many horsepower as you can putin it." ."Just as you please," replied the! very polite salesman, Doyou wish to pay in cash for it?""Not right now," replied Mr. Rich frankly. "At first I wouldwish to get it on credit. I just happen to be out of work, youknow."The polite salesman was very sorry not to be able to obligeMr. Rich and advised him to go to the competitor across thestreet. He followed the advice" but here, too, they did notseem to be very eager to count him among their customers.Everybody simply refused to trust. This astounded Mr. Rich.He always had heard and read how easy it was to get cre'dit,and still two people had refused already to sell him an auto- mobile. But this could not discourage him. He went to abank. He introduced himself as Mr. Rich, day laborer, andasked for a loan of ten thousand dollars. But here?, too, theresult of his expedition was very sad. The manager of thebank gave him even a lackey who should show Mm out of thebuilding. But that was all he was willing to give him.In the meantime, his monthly room rent became due. Mr.Rich was not able to pay and informed Mrs. Mclntyre, thekeeper of his boarding house, to that effect. He assured herat the same time1, that he was willing to take from now onin addition to the breakfasts included in his rental, dinner andsupper with her. Mrs. Mclntyre didn't se'em to approve of thisnew business arrangement."The divil glit ye!" did he scream at the top of her voice,"Do yez think Oim crazy?" and she! gave him a push and downthe stairs he wefnt. All four flights at once. His possessionsshe forwarded to the sidewalk where he had landed, throughthe window."It's just my luck," he philosophized. And now it becomemost urgent to turn some trick or another .because' his thirstfor revenge was diminishing from day today.His last recourse was the cook. These beings are supposedto have savings. He wanted to get a hold of thehn, promisemarriage, he wanted to have a good time and then he wantedto welcome his fate no matter what might come. But nothingcame. Mr. Rich, day laborer, rCmalined an honest man. Eventhe cooks wouldn't give him anything. And so he was at theend of his wits. He knew nothing more! To take away the pennies from little children which they kept in their hands,if sent to buy something in the nearby grocery store, seemedeven to him in his desperate mood, too dastardly.And again he become a day laborer. But it ever anybodymentions to him how dead easy it is to get the best of credulouspeople, he will declare it emphatically as pure invention andjust newspaper talk. Three Things by Tom Sleeper Elenore \YHERE the sullen sea is soundingThrobbing, moaning, ever poundingWhere alone save for the sea birdsThere I wooed you, Elenore.In an abbey long desertedRuined arches, ivy-skirtedUnderneath the vault of heavenThere I wed you, Elenore.How exquisite were those hoursSpent among the tangled flowefrs,Alone with you, the birds, the flowers,Ah, I loved you, Elenore. To a Buttercup fJAINTY waitress, pretty maidYour actions are demure and staidIs it that you fear abuseThat you can find no excuseFor serving me? with delicatessenAnd in that way incur my blessing? O’ Quae Mutatio Rerum. "0 F course you can go"—and I had told her so on manyoccasions. She always kissed me' and went, leavingme to my books and researches. It was pleasant to feel that heryouth was enioying the things she craved .... and Sam wasreally quite a delightful fellow ....Ah, yes, books and researches. My mail reaches me now atthe University Club. A Fable Ralph Johnson QNE summer evening a moth flew into the lamp of a studentwho sat reading by the open window of his garret.While the insect's legs and wings were being withered to ashCsit screamed frantically: "I am burning to death," and perished."Wasn't that terrible?" said the June bug."Frightful," answered the gnat."Plague upon all lamps!" said thtf mosquito."But," asked the spider, running to greet a fly that had becometangled in his web, "whose fault was it?" As I Walk Out On the Street Cat-Paw In the ice cream parlor where I buy my cigarettes and stampsevery day, I noticed a big yellow tin box where one can insertmoney as donations. The red inscription—a happy color com- bination is red and yellow—says thousands of Belgian soldiershave nothing to smoke'. A few nights ago the "Sun" gave awayone thousand loaves of bread in half an hour "to one thousandAmericans who had nothing to eat."Lying back in the barber's chair, while Henri stropped therazor, listening to the animated war discussions of the fatman in the next chair, who was having his hair curlefd, Ithought: "My brothers and friends are perhaps just now, at thissecond, killing or being killed somewhere in the Europeantrenches." In the Playhouses D. B. The Weavers, at the Garden Theatre Just what Gerhardt Hauptmann's "The Weavers," means tothe German in Germany it is, of course, quite impossible? for aNew York audience to know and therefore, to feel.A storm in Germany may be only a draft here. So it is thatin spite' of ignorance of the German tongue one senses thatgreat things are being striven for. Sincerity, the passion of pain, and despair, though all three emotions are a little shopworn when at last we get them from over s£as."The Weavers," like any other flat-footed play, that is, a playthat was originally intended for the? whole, the entire surface ofthe foot, has been piunged into a mincing patter of FifthAvenue buskins—slightly soiled.Shaking dust onto a high hat has as yet, failed to make ahigh hat into a cap, and lime' or dust on a pump has failedto make that pump into a slipper, into that hee'l-less thingthat the poorest and the most heart-broken of us wear.Sorrow, great tragedy and desolation have always rested onbroke'n arches. Traditional poverty and the heritage of tearsare never heel-high from mother earth. Thus it is that at thestart, a play with immense fatality and fathomless depths, hasbeen lamed with false sincerity.It may se'em small to pick on shoes, and it is. In self-defense,let me say: keep the story of Cinderella intact only substitutebrogans.Is the picture the same? No.Still, one forgets to remember, sometimes, the tremendousquality of the under voice that rises throughout all the high- pitched cries of the weavers.What old Baumert was ignorant of old Hilse knew: that birthis swifter than death, that death itself is not only the penaltyof life but also the penalty of death.What Moritz, because of his youth, shouted, those olderquieter men, who "Must once in a life time show what we feel"suffered, aye and knew too that which none of the New Worldcan—the genius of scientific starvation. Making it somethingthat they do not only well, but superbly."What grows, grows," said Hornig the dealer, "And whatdi£s, dies," says Hauptmann.When it shall be and how is left in the lives of these weavers,entirely to the dictates of their hunger. It is an ignominiousdeath, indeed—death by the pit of the stomach.There is no dispute, however, that the play written for thetroubles of an older age, are more than applicable to ninete?en- hundred and fifteen, when one remembers only Bayonne, PerthAmboy, but also Colorado and its past.The? only question is: can a Reicher production be a Reicherproduction, with some one playing Reicher's part anonymously? The Boomerang, at the Belasco The great success of "The Boomerang" in the Belasco Theatre,can be understood. No exaggerations. Just people onthe stage as in every day's life. All these* characters could beyour friends or your neighbors. Nothing unexpected happens.Joy is joy and sadness is sadness. And then there is thatnatural jealousy and that hefalthy foolishness which we hateoccasionaly in our own make-up. And therefore this play is asuccess. Therefore the houses are sold out daily and thereforeagain the great truth is established once more: that the theatre- going American does not crave for exotic scenerie's and im- possible stage effects, not for depraved characters or fool saints,nor for half-clothed women and shocking situations. But heenjoys a little bit of everyday truth, characters male and femalewhom he would not hesitate to introduce to his own family anda solution which is similar to that in life: no need for a deusex machina before the last curtain drops. Charles Edison’s Little Thimble Theatre Estelle Robinson who has entered upon an operatic careerin New York will sing "J'ai pleure en reve," by Georges Hue,"Der Asra," by Rubenstefin, and"The Elf-Man," by John BarnesWells, this week Thursday, Friday and Saturday.Mrs. Percy J. Smith, a ballad singer, will convince the audiencethat the good old ballads of yore are still touching our heartsand flattering our ears even today, in the distinct age of ragtime.Kathryn Wilton Walton, the younge'st toe dancer in New York,will interpret, through the spoken word and through the dance,W. Aletter's "Rendez-Vous" and Strauss' "Pizzicato A vocal and instrumental selection on the Diamond Disc willconclude the program.The artists who appear this we?ek are taking advantage ofMr. Charles Edison's offer to American singers, musicians andinterpreters of rhythm to appear upon the stage of his ThimbleTheatre and offer their art to the'ir supremest critics—theAmerican audience. Cowley Brown Is the Man Alexander Harvey in the current issue of his "Bang" make 3anonymous mention of an old friend and brother wayfarer onthe hard road which leads the writer to become a_ publisherand subsequently an editor and then a writer again, just awriter."For a long time now 'A Non,' whoever that may be, hasconducted in the Chicago Musical Leader, a headed"Major and Minor."Cowley Stapleton Brown is "that whoever it might be" Heis also editor of the Ten Story Book of Chicago, and his edi- torial column "Reading and Rot" is about the best book criti- cism written today in the United States. And while I am saying"best criticism" I am thinking of two or three other men whomI admire for their brilliancy and their understanding. ButCowley is the only one who always dares and dares to writeand to say exactly what he thinks.He is about forty years, in the prime of his life, in that agewhere one has digested one's books and where one sets outwith the new vigor of full manhood to achieve the ideals ofboyhood days. With other words, he knows the world as it is,has no illusions about anything and has decided that the goodold ideals of an old world humanitarian education, leaving outits little hypocricies and substituting cosmos for sect, is aboutthe real thing. In the early '90s he arrived on the friendlyshores of America. He had antagonized Enerlish con- temporaries in London by being an enthusiastic admirer of Oscar Wilde. His little magazine The Anti-Philistine hadcreated a season's sensation. During the Chicago World's Fairhe took daily sun baths in our literary firmament of the '90s.Eugene Field, Opie Read, Bill Reedy, Michael Ivlonahan, Darrow,and many others were contributors to that bold and fearlessfree lance sheet he started, The Goose Quill. _ A few numbersare lying right before me while I am writing these lines.Marvelous seems the clear foresight he had twenty yefars ago. Ina powerful language, quite forgotten since literature has ceasedto be taken seriously by others than such as are commerciallyconnected with it or who handle it as a commodity similar toother manufactured goods in order to sell it to best advantage,he denounced men who have been denounced since by sinceremen of letters. He called Kipling "dead" for ten years, andthat was twenty years ago. He took Hall Caine as a jpke,and that was the flourishing period of Caine's short-livedglories. He admired Ambrose Beirce while nobody else paidattention to this most powerful American writer and critic whohas not been long enough dead to have been discovered yet.He went with fighting sarcasm after McCutcheon and HamGarlin. And both had just started out 011 their career asgeniuses and everybody seemed to expect from them wonders.And they seem to be "best sellers of last season."Real jewels of aphorisms and criticisms are contained inthose few numbers of the Goose Quill he succeeded in publish- ing. And later, after he had left the West and tried his luck aspublisher in New York! How he characterizes and paints withtrue pictures the puppets and make-believers who in those *dayswere the featured gods of Sunday supplements and magazines.Dear old Cowley! He is contented with his lot. He edits theTen Story Book every month once and he writes his page of"Major and Minor" .... and then he reads. He readsmodern books and his Latin classics, and he looks through theEnglish and German and French magazines he can get a hold of.How often did we spend a pleasant hour in a certain dingyChicago office reading aloud Homer or Horace, and he translat- ing wonderful passages of the Iliad, in hexameters . . . .and the devated was thundering on its nearby structure, and wewere at the top floor of a twentieth century office building.He, as many other literary men, is not a man of letter writing."Out of sight out of thought" is most likelv his motto . . . .but never "out of heart," I am quite sure. If his eye's meet theselines, a good spirit might move his pen to write us some of hiseveryday thoughts which are occasional Sunday—too often anni- versary—thoughts of the average being. Books and Magazines of the Week Contemporary Verse It surely is not contemporarv verse which this new literary(sic) venture of Washington, D. C., offers to us. There is notone among all the poems of its sixteen pages quarto thatpossibly could have been written by a contemporary who lives among us. Its poets seem to be readers ©112 books and absorbersof verse written two thousand years ago. They seem like aclass in school—these eleven people whose names appear ascontributors, and each of them along his compositionon some theme or another. Their real lives have nothing what- ever to do with their school lives. There is a two-page poemby the distinguished interviewer of poets for the trade paper ofAmerican book publishers, which sounds like the yearning of littleMary after this year's West Point hop—so elated and so senti- mental and so nice jingles! The Bla This too is a new magazine. It appears in Greenwich Village.It out-stieglitzes Mr. Stieglitz' "291." It's only one sheet. Hereis a reproduction. See what you can make of it. Branch Library News The current issue contains a list, in alphabetical order, ofinteresting books on Shakespeare. At all branches of TheNew York Public Library there are now displayed specialcollections of books about Shakespeare. In Which Norman Geddes enlarged his picturesque magazine with itsJanuary issue, considerably. Of interest is his article on the onepopular Art museum in America."The Toledo Museum ofArt," he' says, '"is visited by three-fourths of the city; bigChicago is nearest it with an average of forty per-cent andNew York is lower still." In Our Village "Some" Literati Verne Hardin Porter should really have taken a walk downto the village before writing his story "Naughty! Naughty!"for the February Green Book. He' calls it "poor old Bohemia," and it is really sickening to read how he draws special atten- tion to all those places which the newspapers all through thelast months have featured, unfe&amp;tured and refeatured. Iwouldn't be surprised if he actually paid a visit to GreenwichVillage. But most likely—as all these Bohemia hunters—-in theevening, and then just making the rounds. From on£ "ultra-Bohemian" place to another. Had he chosen the daylight, henever could have written about MacDougal Alley as follows:"MacDougal Alley offered us short shrift. It was fille'd withrubbish-barrels, Italian children, teams and evidently, tenants.High rents—for even Bohemian Washington Square has itselite districts—seemed not to hav£ frightened off budding orbudded genius. Not a studio was for rent. Bedelia sighed—iffrom disappointment or relief, I did not know."He means Washington Mews, evidently—the! prolongation ofthe Alley this aristocrat among all our streets and thorough- fares on the other side of Fifth avenue right through to Uni- versity Place. But that's how it happens. They come' downhere and drink refd ink and eat roast chicken, admire a fewshort-haired women and a few long-haired men; they think itis a characteristic of Bohemia to be! served on yellow tables andto sit on blue chairs .... and they write and tell to the worldin its "popular" mrgazines: What? Nothing. After you haveread one of those stories you know just as much as before,and you were not eve'n entertained while you were at it. Butthen there are some equally valuable caricatures and such acombination is irresistable, and even to you, it looks like some- thing which it really is not.Or, take for instance1, that celebrated sage of The Cosmo- politan, Samuel Merwin. He, too, followed the vogue of thetimes and wrote a Greenwich Village novelette. Of course, ininstallments. It is the only thing that re'ally pays. To saynothing in generously-measured amount of words and to con- tinue to say nothing in several issues will make you the manwhose name appears on subway advertisements. So SamuelMefrwin left his Forrest Hills home and took quarters in theJudson Hotel, on Washington Square. There he was closetedin his rooms with his genius and his contract for a GreenwichVillage novelette. And 10, behold! The Greenwich Villagestory was born, the' Januarv installment of his "Trufflers,"which really should b£ called Les Toughs.In his "Remnants of Bohemia," the third installment of his"New York of the Novelists," Arthur Bartlett Maurice tellsyou in The Bookman, about as much of Greenwich Village'sgreat past, about its landmarks which are today, andmight be torn down tomorrow, as is known to eVen well-in- formed sources and it is good to know that this interestingseries will appear shortly in book form. Captain Hall’s Exhibit Captain Hall's Exhibition of paintings, marine scenes andforest scenes, including portraits of Abraham Lincoln and ofNancy Hanks, Lincoln's mother, will be continued until February 15th. Especially in this month, the birth month of our greatpresident, his portraits of Lincoln and of Nancy Hanks willbe of special interest. Captain Hall claims that there is not onepicture or sculpture1 of Lincoln in existence today which reallyis a portrait of the great man, in immediate proximity to whomhe was for quite a while during the Civil War and whosefeatures he studied and impressed lastingly upon his mind.Captain Hall has a letter from Robert Lincoln, in whichLincoln's son agrees with him that the monuments and paint- ings erected as a tribute to the Union's preserver are creationsof their artists but not preservations of those dear features'thatwere. Among othe'r interesting material Captain _ Hall has inhis possession to prove that his conception of Lincoln is thetrue one are photographs by Brady, the war photographer,whose chemical and optical reconstruction shows the uncoveredmole as can be seen on Captain Hall's paintings, and notthat familiar wart which, as he claims, was not a. wart but thetwitch of a very prominent muscle. The widely circulatedstory of a death-mask taken from the president on his death- bed he disavows as fake, and in the1 face of the authenticityof this storjr claimed even by historical .and semi-historicalbooks and magazines, he is able to produce the testimony ofRobert Lincoln to the contrary. Poetry Readings On Monday, the 7th, H. Thompson Rich will read a selectionof his portns, including his war poems, at 8.15 in Bruno'sGarret. Admission by ticket only. Write for reservation. Thereare only forty-two chairs.On Monday, the 14th of January, Guido Bruno will speakabout "Greenwich Village: what it was, what it_ is and whatit means to me." Tickets can be reserve'd for this evening, byaddressing the Garret.The Liberal Club at 135 MacDougal street announces an ex- hibition of paintings by artist members. The doors will be? opento the public until February 13th, every afternoon and everyevening. Glenn Coleman is among the exhibitors. His pen andink sketches of Greenwich Village will be remembered by thereaders of this paper. His paintings street scenes and stilllife from quaint courtyards and quaint street corners disclosein him the same sincerity which made his black and whitesketches real and alive to us.The Washington Square Bookshop arranges every Tuesdayafternoon in February, a poetry reading in its attractivequarters.On the 18th of February, the Liberal Gub will have itsannual ball. A big pageant, in which the! winners in the recentbeauty prize contest of Greenwich Village femininity will bethe main figures, is the midnight event. The Liberal Club affair of last year—if I reme'mber, the Arabian Nights—was a muchtalked-of success, and participants and guests are looking for- ward eagerly to the ball.Coulton Waugh designed several book-plates very successfullyand all he demurs, in Executing commissions of this sort, are theideas of the people who wish to own the book-plates. But that'show it is in this world. Song birds in gold cages can't sing inthe night. Their mistress wishes to sleep and therefore coversthem with a nice silk handkerchief. Tom Sleeper’s Awakening Judging from my mail, Tom Sleeper's speckled heto caused agood many of the "flock" to scratch their heads. _ It will be up tothe sleeper from the New Jersey hills and plains to say whathe re'ally meant. If it is worth while to scratch and to layeggs to make more speckled chickens or not. Even D. Molbylooked up from his microscope and after careful macrocosmicand microcosmic consideration decided to draw a picture thehen so Tom might see her at work. The other letters I receivedI referred to the society for city and country economics and forsociological research. They will make good material for papersto be read in Junior Leagues and dramatic sewing circle's. A War Play in Bruno’s Garret Vida Ravenscroft Sutton read last Monday in Bruno's Garrether war play in two scenes, "Kingdom Come," which will beproduced in the near future on an up-town private stage*. MissSutton is a very good reader. She has a pheasant voice andno matter what she reads one could listen to her with pleasure!for hours. She has been in Russia and she pictures in her playthe Russian life. She really creates an atmocphere whichkeeps on being sympathetic even after we realize the crudenessof it.Theodore Schroeder, of Cos Cob, Conn., lectured last week inNew York and in Brooklyn and paid his visit to the village. Children’s Hour on the Square TTHE change in the we'ather—even last week's snowfall doesn'tchange the program of the Children's Hour on WashingtonSquare. Mr. Charles Edison plays now in the winter as wellas in the past summer months, the part of the music man of thechildren of Greenwich Village. Wednesday and Saturday after- noons bring them music and dancing, real joy and merriment.Near the Arch, around the fountain, facing the west, arechildren's playgrounds, closed to the traffic. The Diamond Discis furnishing them music and the little boys and girls have achance to get acquainted with dancing etiquette. Under thesupervision of competent teachers and women who have vol- unteered their services as chaperones and dames de garde openair social dances will be arranged in the near future. The Story of Oscar Wilde’s Life andExperience in Reading Gaol By His Warder. "Unknown to Wilde his wife had accompanied the solicitor,but she did not wish her husband to see her."The interview with the solicitor took place in the consulta- tion room, and Wilde sat at a table with his head on his handsopposite the' lawyer."Outside, in the passage with me, waited a sad figure in thedeepest mourning. It was Mrs. Wilde—in tears."Whilst the consultation was proceeding in the 'solicitor'sroom,' Mrs. Wilde turned to me and begge'd a favour. 'Letme have one glimpse of my husband,' she said, and I couldnot refuse her."So silently I stepped on one side, and Mrs. Wilde cast onelong lingering glance? inside, and saw the convict-poet, who, indeep mental distress himself, was totally unconscious that anyeyes save those of the stern lawyer and myself witnessed hisdegradation."A second later, Mrs. Wilde, apparently labouring unde?r deepemotion, drew back, and left the prison with the solicitor."I fancy Wilde, when she saw him. was putting the finalsignature to the divorce papers, and I do not know if she eversaw her unhappy husband again. I do not think she? ever did."At exercise, when he tramped what he called 'The Fools'Parade' with his companions of 'The Devil's Own Brigade/ hewould pace along with bended head as though deep in thoughtand usually muttering snatches of prose or verse from hisfavourite authors."He took a most sympathetic interest in the sorrows andtroubles of other prisoners, and commented fiercely on what hecalled the brutality of the prison system when a warder wassuspe?nded and finally dismissed for putting biscuits in the cellof a young prisoner whom Wilde believed to have been cryingfrom hunger."The monotony of the life seemed appalling to Wilde, andwhen he was released he* wrote, you remember:I know not whether laws be rightOr whether laws be wrong;All that we know who be in gaolIs that the walls are strong,And that each day is like a year,A year whose days are long."I have good reason to know that Oscar Wilde was satisfiedwith the way two of the warders treated him. "After his release he sent us through the Governor, copiesof his soul-stirring poem, 'The Ballad of Reading Gaol.'"My copy is inscribed 'From his friend, the author, Naples,February, 1898.'"You remember the masterly way in which Wilde worke'dout the theme of that wonderful poem which told of the lastdays in prison of Trooper C. T. Woolridge, of the Royal HorseGuards, who was hanged for the murder of his wife at Clewe'r,near Windsor."Wilde, of course, never saw the murderer after his condem- nation, buc he heard the bell tolling for the execution, and itmade a terrible impression on his mind. */ am indebted for this story to Mr. Patrick F. Madigan,who has the original, in the handwriting of Oscar Wilde'swarder, and also the two manuscripts mentioned in this story. I KEEP ON MY WALLS a permanent exhibition of autographs, manuscriptsand historical documents, and have at present an especially interesting col-lection of letters and original manuscripts by Abraham Lincoln, GeorgeWashington, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar and Edgar Allan Poe. Theseare the original scripts of stories, poems and documents which have made thesemen famous. If interested, drop me a line, or better, come and see my exhibition.PATRICK FRANCIS MADIGAN561 Fifth Ave. (entrance 46th St.) New York At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until Nine RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now ?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. -THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSES AT A CTAD Broadway and 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Ere'f at 8:20THE Aij lUll Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Satnrday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's HIT-THE-TRAILHOLLIDAYWith FRED NIBLO as "BILLY HOLLIDAY"GREATAMERICANPLAYAT P 11TT\I rn 42d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE LAINI/LLK Eve'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great All-American CastAT T AMf1 A PDC 48th Street West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE LUiiuAvKu Eve'g, 8:30. Matinees,Wednesday and Satnrday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEINIn TWUMPHdy The Great Lover LIBRAIRIE FRANCAISE DEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on hand a large, fine selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances.Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN.CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y.C.Guide Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 3:15 p. m.Thursday, 8:15 p. m.Friday, 8:15 p. m.Saturday, 3:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge. There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570Open EveningsA postal will bring yon, with oarcompliments, an interesting littlebiography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison