Bruno's Weekly 3 11 August 26th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-08-26_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 11 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Prayer H. Thompson Rich cre 3 In the Footprints of Genius Alfred Ernest Keet cre 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 5 The Three Socialists Or Theory and Practice After the German of Rudolph Hauser by Guido Bruno cre 5-6 Two Tales by N. Shebonev Translated from the Russian by Mark Weinbaum cre 6 Baby's Jealousy A. Milo Bennett cre 6 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 6 An III Wind Blowing T. T. Heine in Simplicissimus Illustration 7 The Promise T. W. H. Crosland cre 7 Creation: Recess in Space Cora Bennett cre 8-9 Frec Vers Diva by R. S Illustration 9 His Faithful Cat 9 ''A dentist, love, makes teeth of bone, M. R cre 9 "Why," said a country clergyman to one of his flock, 9 After Paul Verlaine Ernest Dawson cre 9 Minetta Lane Frank Owen Payne cre 9 The Female Kaleidoscope Paul Rubin cre 9 Epitaph engraved on a tombstone in a church yard in 9 Wallstreet 9 The Cuala Press W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 10-12 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Designed by Pamela Coleman-Smith Illustration 11 Pastels in Prose II.—The Sorrow of a Little Violet Guido Bruno cre 12 FINIS Illustration 12 In Our Village 13-15 Landlord "Artlover' and Phlianthropist by Jack Flanagan Illustration 13 Ragpicker's Cellar in the Village, suitable as Studio, TeaJ room or Artshop (Rent: as much as the landlord can get) Illustration 14 A very interesting Oscar Wilde item is offered in a 15 Postcards drawn by Artists in the German Trenches Illustration 15 Why and How I Got Married 16 Seven Years' Friendship F. H. T. (Baltimore cre 16 Class Distinction Brooklyn cre 16 Love or Friendship? C. W. J. (Montreal cre 16 The Romance on the Boat to Babloa C. (Detroit cre 16 The Fairy and the Spider Betty Graeme cre 17-18 TO YOU, GENTLE READER 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents August 26th, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright by Guide Brua*. Aug. 26th, 1916. Crisp®®! matter*tncittdiog «Jf &lt;lf««riavi, mf net be reproduced without pereuiMW«112 Guid« Bruiw; but (hat pecauMmi may be iMwned if creditk fires te aufher and Brume's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your MarriagetBruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even Ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall no®use your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lires. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor,9' Bruno's Weekly,53 Washington Square, New York City.Every 'week those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words.SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 11 AUGUST 26th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916, by Qui do Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly fey Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Ediso», Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter Ij. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City.- Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. Prayer H. Thompson Rich. Europe is all one tomb! The awful wordsMake the most hardened ones among us sigh;*And still the soldier multitudes come by,Cold legions with their life-blood turned to curds.For they have seen their fellows' desperate herdsStumble upon the stricken plain and die;And they have known the buzzards' long, harsh cry—And they have missed the music of the birds.God send us healing pity of green grass,And heartening of flowers, and help of trees,To bury the Red Shame forever more;And they whose bodies perish, they who passOut of the World and over unknown seas—Send them forgetfulness of Death and War. In the Footprints of Genius Alfred Ernest Keet "Fantastic wreck of simpler things,She sits beside the haughty seaAnd calls the whole world to her knee."From "Manhattan ," by Hamlin GarlandSINCE the year 1609, when that worthy and "Irre- coverable discoverer, Master Hendrick Hudson,"discovered the Hudson River in his little vessel the "HalfMoon," the city of Manhattan has undergone more thanrevolutionary changes; and within her bounds we seeto-day the natives of every clime. She is kaleidoscopic) inher multifarious types. From the European nobleman,who crosses the pond to besiege the hearts of Americanbeauties, down to the swarthy Italian organ-grinder, thereis a vast and varied assortment; and in battalions theycome in quest of liberty and lucre in the land of theGolden Fleece. For New York is poor man'sparadise, the rich man's Mecca; and from every land theyhasten to mix in Broadway's busy throng.It is a trite saving that "all roads lead to New York,"and assuredly most people gravitate in her direction sooneror later. A stroll down Broadway—the world's highway—is pretty sure to result in an encounter with an ac- quaintance—a steamer friend or railroad companion, theman or girl you lately met in Paris or Panama, or perhapsa college chum. Its gloomy canyons yield many a delight- ful rencontre, for, to an extent true of few other of theworld's great metropolises, New York is a lodestone fortalent, and within its circumscribed limits are geniuses—or embyro geniuses—drawn through her golden portalsfrom every part of the universe. In the hothouse air ofthe metropolis, they either flower or wither in the making.Thus is it that in New York boarding houses, or hotels,one meets, in the course of years, so many people destinedto great careers. It was in a typical New York boarding- house, at No. — E. 17th St., that I met the American Winston Churchill of St. Louis. It was a three-storybrown stone front, its interior arrangements—niched wallsand frescoed ceilings—the only remaining vestiges offormer grandeur. Some opulent merchant prince livedand died in it. But now the niches empty, the frescoingfaded and stained, and a gloomy air of departed greatnesspervades it. Mr. Churchill, then on the editorial staffof "The Army and Navy Journal," sat next to me at thelong center table in the high-ceiled dining room, and speedily became acquainted, as journalists do. His roomwas across the hall from mine, and one evening he droppedinto see me with the manuscript of what was probably hisfirst story ("Mr. Pennington's Courtship"), which heasked me to read, seeking my opinion, as an editor ofThe Forumj of it.As I read, I quickly realized his talent as a fictionist,and warmly complimented him upon his effort. In factI waxed enthusiastic overi it, telling him it had the real"gray matter" in it. My praise had a good effect uponhim, and he become more cheerful, more optimistic. Hehad seemed rather downhearted at first. I then showedhim one of my efforts at short-story writing, he compli- menting me especially upon my "extraordinary fluency."He regretted his own want of it, telling me how difficultit was for him to round out and polish his paragraphs,except with infinite labor.A week orN so later he jubilantly told me he had takenhis story to Dr. Gilder, the editor of the Century, closeby in Union Square, who had accepted it and paid him$75 cash for it. Soon afterward I lost him, for he wentto Brisben Walker's Cosmopolitan, later retiring to coun- try life to produce his long succession of alliterativelyentitled novels: Celebrity, Richard Carvelf Crisis, Cross- ing, Coniston, Crewe's Career, Modern Chronicle, etc.,all written in Coniston, N. H.In this same house, for meals came occasionally thebeautiful and highly gifted Margaret Anglin, then be- ginning her studies of the histrionic art. Another visitorat rare intervals to some clever actresses living in thehouse, was a sister of the ever-popular Blanche Ring.An amusing incident happened in this boarding-houseone day. A "Disagreeable Man" among the boarders, losthis temper in his vain efforts to cut his steak, and sar- astically asked the waitress to bring him an axe. Thegirl, in a matter of fact way, passed his order on to thelandlady, who was busy superintending the food-distri- bution close by a dumb-waiter, leading to the kitchen.In a loud voice she instantly called down the sh&amp;ft: "Sendup an axe on a tray for Mr. Grumbler." The growler didnot wait for it, but precipitately made his escape amid thelaughter of the other boarders.On the same street a few doors below, in WashingtonIrving's old home, lived in those days Elsie de Wolfe;while hard by, on the corner of Union Square and FourthAvenue stood the old Everett House, a great haunt ofcelebrities, domestic and foreign. .1 frequently saw Dr. Gil- der there, and the now American Ambassador to England, Walter H. Page (then editing the Forum), and a hostox other editors and publishers. Mr. Munsey was closeby, at 111 Fifth Avenue, the Forum going to the samebuilding from Union Square, where for many years itstitle in gigantic gilded letters crowned a building almostnext door to the Century.I once paid a visit to Hall Caine, the notorious authorof "The Manxman/' "The Christian," etc., at the Everett,where he was a guest during his American lecture tourunder the direction of the celebrated Major Pond, whoseoffice was in the Everett. I found him with his wife andlittle son ("Little Sunlocks," as his father called him),and his reception of me was most courteous. CharlesDickens stayed at this hostelry, also the great African ex- plorer, H. M. Stanley, whom, by the way, I met on ship- board, in the nineties, when crossing the Atlantic with hisbride, the beautiful Dorothy Tennant. A year or twolater, while again in England, curiously enough, I en- countered Mr. and Mrs. Stanley one misty morning inWaterloo Place. How small the world is!About this period, I met a pleasant talker and mostcompanionable man in Paul du Chaillu, the famous authorof "The Land of the Midnight Sun," etc. And a littlelater occurred my first rencontre with the future authorof "African Game Trails." Then one morning dropped inupon me the famous editor of Le Revue des deux Mondes,accompanied by his brilliant and accomplished contributorand coadjutor, Mme. Blanc-Bentzon, who has so much tofamiliarize the French reading and thinking public withAmerican authors. The Brevoort Hotel, near Washing- ton Arch, entertained M. Ferdinand Brunetiere duringth is American visit.Countless other celebrities either lived or visited in thisdistrict of Manhattan, from 18th Street, down to Wash- ington Square South, for many years the abode or workshipof men and women of talent. It is a literary and artisticzone, and promises to remain so for years to come.William Cullen Bryant, the poet and one-time editor ofthe N. Y. Evening Postj once lived at Vice-ChancellorMcCown's, near the junction of Warren and ChurchStreets. One of his successors, the late Mr. E. L. Godkin,whose editorials in the Post were sui generis, lived on10th Street; and the late Dr. Gilder, editor of the Ceutury,had a city residence on Bth Street, not far from Mrs.Schuyler van Rensselaer's, the friend and entertainer ofRobert Louis Stevenson when in New York en route toSamoa; while in Clinton Place lived the late John GilmerSpeed, a grand-nephew of the poet, John Keats, a copiouswriter for the periodicals, and once editor of Leslie'sWeekly. A few of the old houses yet remaining in Uni- versity Place have sheltered, or entertained as guests,Captain Boynton, whose daring, if not desperate, deedsare so graphically described in"The War Maker;" JamesHopper, the story writer; Robert Edgren, and others;while close by lives the artist, Gibran, Rodin's friend.Alban Jasper Conant, who died recently, agea 93, livedon W. 10th St. He was a poet and artist, and paintedLincoln's portrait before and after he became president.In Washington Square, almost within the shadow ofNew York University, Robert V/. Chambers lived, andhere came, fresh home Europe's sanguinary strife, the lateRichard Harding Davis, another of my steamer ac- quaintances. In Macdougal Alley, among other studios, was that of Mrs. Whitney (Gertrude Vanderbilt), andGaudens, the designer of the Buffalo nickel. Mrs. Whit- ney's studio is now on West Bth Street. In this zone, too,de Thulstrup, the artist, and the sculptor, William Ord- way Partridge had their studios. At a reception at Mr.Partridge's old Fourth Avenue studio, I once met oneof our greatest actresses, Julia Marlowe (Mrs. Sothern),whom I had first seen in the West when she made herdebut in "Romeo and Juliet."I was once John Gilmer Speed's guest at the Player'sClub, in Gramercy Park, where, among other curiosities,I saw Edwin Booth's bedroom, which is preserved exactlyas it was when the great Shakspearean interpreter died.Which reminds me of the first time I saw Booth. It wasat Kansas City, Mo., at the Warder Grand Opera House—before the theatre had been completed. Booth andBarrett were the stars in "Hamlet;" it was zero weather,and the roof of the opera house had not been put on.There were few or no stage properties, and the poor ghostdid the best he could in a sheet. The somewhat sparseaudience witnessed the play, the while enwrapped in great- coats and furs and standing around stoves-—the starstwinkling overhead!I was once a guest for a few days at the famous oldFifth Avenue Hotel. I was sitting in Amen Corner onemorning, just about to leave the hotel for my steamer,when a tall gentleman, in a Prince Albert coat and beaverhat, came into the rotunda from the street. I recognizedhim instantly as Major McKiniey. Just as he reachedthe desk, another gentleman, similarly attired, stepped upto him, saying: "Hello, Governor!" and engaged him inconversation, only a few feet away from where I sat.Then the ex-Governor glanced around, and seeing that Iwas the sole occupant of Amen Corner, sat down besideme, the while chatting with his host who remained stand- ing. A few minutes later they strolled toward the readingroom and bar. The Major was immaculately attired, hisbuttoned-up and closely fitting Prince Albert setting offhis stalwart figure to the best advantage, giving him amost impressive presence. This was the only occasion onwhich I saw the distinguished man who later became ourPresident, and who, years afterward, in the full flush ofmanhood, met his death at the hands of an assassin. Iwas only in the twenties when this rencontre took place,but it remains vividly in my memory.I have mentioned Washington Irving's old home onIrving Place. I once saw, at one of the Astor Estateoffices, the ledgers he used to keep, just before Mr. Astorsent him with a full purse to Europe, where he wrotehis "Sketch Book." Through the influence of Sir WalterScott he found a publisher in England, and, of course,the only true first edition of the "Sketch Book," is this,the English one. Fitz-Greene Halleck, the poet, it willbe remembered, was a superintendent of the Astor Estateon 26th Street.Thus, in the course of a quarter century's residence inand about the heart of New York City, it was my goodfortune to meet no less than two men of mark who becameChief Magistrates of the Nation, many authors, artists,sculptors, journalists and actors already famous, or whoquickly joined the Immortals, and a glittering galaxy ofdistinguished men and women from all parts of the world. The Three Socialists Or Theory and Practice After the German of Rudolph Hauser by Guido Bruno. upon a time three men were living in a bigcity, all three working men and very ardent Social- ists. The first one was employed in a machine factory.He was a good and clever mechanic and earned quite abit of money. Each payday he received his seventy oreighty dollars which averaged every month about ahundred and fifty. He was single and had nobody elseto take care of but himself. Therefore he was well-to-do.The second was an honest and good man; but no matterhow hard he worked he never received more than forty- five dollars on his payday. That made ninety dollars each month and he had to support his wife and twochildren. He had to figure very closely in order to supplyhis own and his family's daily needs. While they didnot suffer actual hunger, they didn't know much of thegood things of life.But the third of the friends was a poor, worn-out daylaborer, He had never earned more than ten or twelvedollars a week. On a miserable fifty dollars, he had tolook after his always sickly wife and his five smallchildren. Such is often the luck of the poor. Five hungrychildren ask for a lot of bread. But the poor father coulJ hardly satisfy the hunger of his children, and that washarder than his own privations and they were hard enough.Once the Socialists were sitting together and discussingthe sad fate of the working classes. The mechanic, whohad mastered the art of talking equally as well as he hadmastered his trade, cursed capitalists and those who hadgained the riches of the world. The second working manwas busy seconding his comrade and only the poor daylaborer, burdened by his big misery, kept silent.Finally he, too, spoke: "Why did we affiliate ourselveswith this great movement that proposes to create for uslivable conditions? Above all, that we may know how tohelp ourselves! That we may become cojointly respon- sible. And because the fulfilment of our wishes lies in thefar future, as all of us know, we should help ourselves inthe meanwhile, and do among us, one to the other, whatlater on the Government is supposed to do for us. Comeon, let us be practical for once; and all of us will profit.You," he spoke to the first one, "are earning every year$1,800; added to this,"he spoke to the second, "yourwages will make $2,760. And if I count the few centsI am earning into it, we have $3,360. That is a niceamount of money.""What are you driving at?" asked both friendscuriously. •"What I am driving at is," continued the day laborer,"let us take our wages and start a community house- keeping. There will be twelve mouths to feed. But Idobelieve that we could swing it very nicely on our jointearnings. There would be no more privations for ourchildren, and no one could educate them to be good peo- ple. And, of course, we, too, ourselves would be verymuch better off.nThe poor day laborer ceased talking and looked half- embarrassed and half happy at his comrades.The second laborer calculated for awhile and then hesaid: "It is a good idea and I would be very glad to con- sider it providing my wife does not object."But the mechanic who had been the most ardent ex- pounder of Socialism among them rose and grumbled:"Go to h , confounded beggars!"And he left abruptly. Two Tales by N. Shebonev Translated from the Russian by Mark Weinbaum Which One | LOVE them both.* One is a tall, graceful brunette with burning eyesthat know how to express sadness.The other is a frail, little blonde with a tender half- childish body and gray, little eyes.I love them in like manner.And they love me.One of them, Martha, occupies herself with earthlythings.The other, Maria, thinks more about heaven and soul.You ask me which is Martha and which is Maria, theBlonde or the Brunette.Which is Martha?Ah, I don't know yet myself which one will be to-daymy Martha and which—Maria.This depends always upon myself. The Murderer YF7HAT would you do if a woman would turn falseto you?"I should kill her," answered my friend.To-day he came to me.I understood at once that a terrible thing had happened.He was pale. Even his lips were white."What's the matter with you?""She! ...""Turned false?""Yes.""And you killed her?""Worse."? ? ?• • •"A thousand times worse."? ? ?"I hit her."We kept silence."You did not have the courage to kill her?'*"To strike a woman one requires more courage thanto kill her."He fell upon the chair."To strike a woman is a greater crime than to kill her."His eyes flashed, his hands trembled, his teeth beatlike the roll of a drum, and like a madman he repeated:"I am worse than a murderer! Worse than a murderer!Worse than a murderer!""Ycu are worse thar 3 murderer! . . Baby's Jealousy A. Milo Bennett D ABY'S eyes are sad to-night,Her sobs are very near,"Papa kiss me fond good night,For I love you, papa dear,An' you don't love me one bit,Cause Pauline and Margie sat,An' you laughed and let 'em sit,Where I wanted to be at." Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner The penalty of being a generation ahead of your time,ris to become the fool of your own generation, to become,perchance, the prophet of all future generations.Those, who having no business, make a business of pur- suing activities which have no purpose, give a purpose tothose who make a business of pursuing those whose lifehas no purpose.And now the lives of flint and Eliot yet remind ushow so often age with wisdom may at variance be.'Tis from foolish little fictions that great "fictions"often flow, and the famous factions out of frantic frictionsgrow.It may be only war "when Greek meets Greek;" butthat war is certainly hell, when woman meets woman withthe hair flying at $5.00 an ounce."The early worm" is, to challenge the early bird toprove its prowess. An III Wind BlowingT. T. Heine in Simplicissimus The Promise T. W. H. Crosland OU know my pains, you see me in the hell* Through which I toil, hurt and uncomforted,You see on what base errands I am sped,And what I reap where we sowed asphodel;And my songs are of sorrow, and I tell,Knowing no other, tales of grief and dread;Though I be warm I am as good as dead, *And always we can hear my passing bell. And yet, dear Spirit, you who have kind eyesThat meet disaster with a child's amaze,You who have got a wild jose for your lipsAnd are all fashioned out of Paradise;You shall stand safe beside the sapphire bays,And I will show you all our golden ships. Creation: Recess in Space By Cora Bennett (Comet wandering idly about a darkened universestumbles against Sun. He scrambles to his feet,apologetic.)COMET—What's the matter, Mr. Sun? Why aren'tyou shining?SUN—I feel as if I would never shine again. I'm soblue.COMET—Oh, you're not blue! You're yellow!SUN—I may look yellow but I assure you I'm blue.COMET—What's the matter.SUN—Earth's breaking my heart.(Comet peers toward the paths of the planets.)COMET—She looks mighty proper from here.SUN—Yes, she always looks proper but the truth isshe's . . rotten. She took fifty million years to growthat dreadful Humanity.COMET—(Feeling about for comfortable place torecline in.) What is Humanity?SUN—(Shuddering.) A thing that destroys itself.COMET—(Coolly.) Why not burn her up and bedone with it?(Sun sighs, shifts his position but does not lift his head.)SUN—That would be going to fire-mist. And youcan't do that for yourself. Some one has got to do itfor you. Besides I can't think of destroying my child.You see when I was a fiery young ball I threw off a ring.That ring broke into pieces that began to whirl and makesomething of themselves and I found myself the fatherof eight fulj-grown children. And of all these Earthgives me the most trouble. She's . . .COMET—(Pointing toward Earth.) See!SUN—(Listing his head a little.) The clouds arepassing. Soon I'll have to shine again for Earth.(Between Earth and Sun three fair clouds dance untilthey are chased from the sky by Rainbow.)COMET—What are clouds, anyhow?SUN—Mists out of ocean. But these fly high and callthemselves clouds. Byt if they happen to bump up againsta cool mountain side, they'll pretty soon get back towhere they came from. They're a part of Earth's game.COMET—What are you going to do with her?(Sun lifts his head and the universe is flooded withlight.)SUN—Suppose you go and tell her I want her. Ithink I'll have it out with her.COMET—I'm off!(Enter Uranus.)URANUS—I've something I want to ask you, father!SUN—You're certainly losing what little manners youever had, son. But who do you want?URANUS—(With determination.) I want to knowwhere the stars come from!SUN—-(Embarrassed.) I have told you twice before,they came floating down the River of Time in a silver box.(Uranus makes a gesture of disgust.)URANUS—I'm too old for that kind of fairy tale,father. Besides I hear whispers among older children. . . I want to know the truth!SUN — (With resignation.) Well, if you must know, the stars are what I am, (Chokes with embarrassment.)the centers of other solar systems. (He clears his throatand looks away.)URANUS—But what are they made of? That's whatI want to know!SUN—Summoning all his composure; in a whisper.)The wrecks of other worlds! (Shudders with relief.)But don't—for all you do, let Time or Space know thatI have destroyed your innocence and if you catch any ofthe little ones talking about such things in out-of-the-waycorners come straight and tell me. But don't discussthe matter with them. Turn you back and walk away.URANUS—But, father, I think there is nothingwrong—SUN—Hush! Here comes Earth. You think there isnothing wrong because you are young. (Enter Earthtrailing draperies of purplish-black cloud lined with sil- ver.) Sit down, daughter.EARTH—(lndignant.) I won't sit, father! I'mtired of the way you and my big brothers treat me!URANUS—You deserve it! See what you've done!SUN—(Sadly.) Was Humanity in you?EARTH—(With conviction.) It was! (Suddenlymelting.) It takes so long to make something good,father! It took a billion years to make a pair of hands!(Uranus shudders. Comet enters but seems in doubtabout remaining.)URANUS—Hands that kill!EARTH—Hands that save!(Sun is greatly impressed.)SUN—Hands that save! Why—that would be amiracle!EARTH—(Joyously.) Life is full of miracles! See,father! See brother! See! (She shakes from her draperyinnumerable cocoons that come twisting out of its folds.They dance grotesquely keeping step to the faint musicof the farther constallations. Suddenly a little flower- wreathed creature appears among them. It touches themand straightway the cocoons change into a host of brilliantbutterflies, dancing to the song of the morning stars.)COMET—It's beautiful!SUN—Yes, there's beauty in you, Earth—there's nodoubt about that! But where's the good of you?(In spite of the efforts of Earth to keep her covered,Ocean frees herself from the black clouds and standsstreaming before Sun.)OCEAN—Please do not scold Earth, Father Sun! Itis I that am responsible for dreadful Humanity! If Ihad not in the black depths of my pride and ambition,spawned creatures that hunger and crawl and love anddream, Earth would have remained to this day a peaceablemass of stone and water! Forgive—(Earth succeeds inenveloping Ocean with her black mantle. She then shakesfrom the silver lining a nymph and a god of the wood.COMET—(Excited^.) See! There's Humanity!(The two creatures of Earth begin a love-dance.)EARTH—(Triumphantly.) Youth is good!(Sun begins to expand and grows magnificentlybrilliant. The love-dance over the nymph and god hide again in the silver lining.)ALL THE PLANETS—(Clapping their hands.)More Humanity! We want more Humanity!SUN—(Highly gratified.) I've some hope of you yet,Earth! Some day maybe you'll know how to get alongwithout killing!EARTH—Time! I must have Ti(Sun springs to his feet, suddenly aware of his re- sponsibility.)SUN—Time! I've stopped the affairs of the universefor a hundred billionth of a second! Back to place—allof you!(The planets whirl into line and begin to spin gaylyaround the sun with their moons intheir wake and Cometdarting mischievously among them.) Frec Vers Diva by R. S His Faithful Cat A SHORT time ago a poor Irishman applied at theoffice of a charitable institution in Manchester forrelief, and, upon some doubt being expressed as to whetherhe was a proper object for charity, he enforced his suitwith much earnestness: "Ouch, your honor," said he,"shure Fd be starved to death long since, but for my cat.""But for what?" asked his astonished interrogator. "Mycat," rejoined the Irishman. "Your cat, how so?" "Shure,your honor, I sold her eleven times over for sixpence atirand she was always at home again before Fd gotthere meself." M. R. ''A dentist, love, makes teeth of bone,For those whom fate has left without;And finds provision for his own,By pulling other people's out." "Why," said a country clergyman to one of his flock,"do you always sleep in your pew when I am in the pul- pit, while you are all attention to every stranger I invite?""Because, sir, when you preach I am sure all's right, butI can't trust a stranger without keeping a good lookout." After Paul Verlaine Ernest Dawson I NTO the lonely park all frozen fast,Awhile ago there were two forms who passed.Lo, are their lips fallen and their eyes dead,Hardly shall a man hear the words they said.Into the lonely park, all frozen fast,There came two shadows who recall the past."Dost thou remember our old ecstacy?"Wherefore should I possess that memory?"—Doth thine heart beat at my sole name alway?Still dost thou see my soul in visions?" "Nay!" "They were fair days of joy unspeakable,Whereon our lips were joined?"—"l cannot tell."not the heavens blue, was not hope high?"—"Hope has fled vanquished down the darkling sky."So through the barren oats they wandered,And the night only heard the words they said. Minetta Lane Frank Owen Payne IT ERE once a babbling brooklet flowedAmong the rocks and rushes;Here once the ferns and alders grewWhile sweetly sang the thrushes;Here once the minnows all unseenDarted in shoals through water green.The brooklet's bed is cobble-paved.Where once flowed crystal watersThe curb-stone's fetid length extends •And bounds the reeking gutters.The junk-man's cart adorns the spotWhere once bloomed the forget-me-not. The Female Kaleidoscope Paul Rubin J_|E was thinking of Nietzsche-—of his theory of destruction.She thought also of the selfishness of humanity—and dwelton the brutality of independence, when suddenly she burst forthto her companion, "I'm going to buy a new small hat. Thislarge one I'm wearing now, is most annoying!" Epitaph engraved on a tombstone in a church yard inConnecticut:"Here lies Pat Steel, that's very true:—Who was he?—what was he?—what's that to you?" Wallstreet When they were poor, they robbed all mankind—andas soon as they became rich, they robbed one another. The Cuala Press W. G. Blaikie Murdoch. Designed by Pamela Coleman-Smith With Five Illustrations by Jack B. Yeats {SUPPOSE that every man, caring at all seriously forthe fine arts, finds that many pictures he now lovesdeeply, many poems or pieces of music, crept into his lifewithout his cognizance. For instance, try as I may, Icannot recall when and where Milton first thrilled me,though I know it was long before I was out of my teens.And I cannot recollect the exact time when the endlessbeautiful buildings in Edinburgh, my home for over thirtyyears, commenced giving me intense delight; while equallydim in my memory is the period, a later one presumably,when there came to me a precise knowledge concerningthe architects of all these structures. But there are many things, on the other hand, my initial acquaintance withwhich stands out in my mind, clear as the details in an oldDutch or Flemish painting; and of such are the slenderbooks, printed so artistically by hand at the Cuala Press,Ireland. An Ideal Room It was in a tiny study that I first saw these books, thisstudy being in a house in MaidaJVale, a part of Londonof which Paul Verlaine writes, in one of his poems. Nor is it surprising that he should have been interested inMaida Vale, for it was long the home of Arthur Symons,than whom no man did more to introduce Verlaine to British readers; and it was Symons, in fact, who originallyshowed me the Cuala books. In his study, the walls werea faint, delicate green; while there was a writing-desk,quite possibly from the hand of Chippendale himself, andon the oak mantelpiece stood some little gems by theTanagra sculptors. The whole effect was infinitely quiet and charming, constituting an ideal place in which to dis- cuss aesthetics; and here, then, on one occasion afterspeaking at length of Mozart, we chanced to begin talkingof the art of book-production; for it is an art, althoughthe generality of publishers seem unaware of the fact.The Vale and Kelmscott productions were duly applauded,while I referred enthusiastically to those of the EragnyPress, conducted by my friend, Lucien Pissarro. Andthen, going to one of his bookshelves, Symons produceda Cuala volume, which delighted me at once, inasmuchas it disclosed qualities foreign, or largely foreign, to thebooks of those other hand-presses aforesaid. That is tosay, it was wholly simple, its beauty of a restful, un- obtrusive, almost severe kind, so that the slim, gracefulvolume seemed to harmonize faultlessly with the roomenshrining it. And thus, to this day, I nearly alwaysthink of that tasteful reticent study in Maida Vale,when I see a Cuala book. Varied Achievements A rare gift of artistry in book-production has beensalient for long in Ireland: that wonderful island to whichthe English and Scottish owe so much, though neitherrace is over fond of acknowledging the debt. At a remote,mediaeval period, England being then virtually devoid ofartists of any kind, a band of Irish monks wrought thatBook of Kells, still justly considered one of the prodigiesof illumination; while a little later, Columba and othermissionaries from Ireland coming to Scotland, theredawned there a talented group of illuminators, evincing direct obligations to the Hibernian school. Nevertheless,during the nineteenth century and for long prior, littlefine printing was done in Ireland; and the Cuala Press,like many analogous ventures, owed its inception in con- siderable degree to William Morris. With his magneticpersonality, Morris gathered round him numerousdisciples, inculcating in them his devotion to old printing,among those who early came under his spell in this waybeing Mr. Emery Walker, nowadays known as .the bestmaker of process-blocks in London. And it was withmuch assistance from Mr. Walker, if not actually at his suggestion, that Miss Elizabeth Yeats, a sister of W. B.Yeats, started hand-printing at the village of Dundrum,near Dublin, marshalling girls of the neighbourhood toaid her in type-setting and the like. Originally known as'the Dun Emer, the press issued its first book in 1903, thisvirgin effort being a collection of poems of Mr. W. B.Yeats, In the Seven Woods; and since then about a scoreof volumes have been published at Dundrum, the authorsrepresented being nearly all Irish. Katherine Tynan andI. M. Synge, William Allingham, Douglas Hyde, and the exquisite poet, "A. E."— books by all these have beenprinted by Miss Yeats, who has not confined herself tothis branch of activities, however. For throughout a num- ber of years she issued a small, illustrated magazine, TheBroadsheet, its name subsequently changed to The Broad- side ; while she also prints' book-plates extensively, and hasbeen singularly fortunate in gathering round her fineartists to help with these departments of her work. Oneof the most memorable Cuala book-plates was designed byMiss Pamela Colman-Smith, another expert in black-and- white who has served the press well being Miss EileenGreig. But, of all those associated with Miss Yeats inthis wray, of all those who have contributed illustrationto her magazine aforesaid, none is to be compared withher brother, Jack Yeats. And, had she done nothing buthelp to make his work widely known, she would still haveachieved something great. Jack Yeats The contrast between the brothers Yeats is a curiousand striking one. The poet, who is perhaps the better- known of the two, is essentially an artistic worker, itbeing clear that he weighs his every phras3 elaborately;while there are passages, in his writing, signifying hispossession of as keen a love of fine technique, for its ownsake, as was manifested by Keats, Tennyson or Rossetti;Swinburne Vrigil or Catullus. Now, although JackYeats is a draughtsman of superb vigour, fully comparablein this relation to Hals or Rubens or Kokusai, lookingat his work it is felt that he thinks little about drawingand design themselves. I once showed George Moore abook-plate by Jack Yeats, wherein was figured an Irishcottage, its owner in the act of going out, but lookingbackwards very fondjy into his room. "It gives a beauti- ful sense of home," said Moore, whose criticism of pic- tures, as of literature, is often finely illuminating; and,in those words, I think he attained something of anepitome of Jack Yeats' genius. For this artist is pre- occupied always, or nearly always, not with a definitedesire to create beauty, but with expressing the actualntiment of,his topic, its inner significance; and in whatendless instances his subject has-given up its soul to him,as it were. Look, for instance, at the book-plate designedfor Lennox Robinson, showing a hand drawing back acurtain, which discloses a cozy study, with an arm-chair,and a table laden with books beside the fire. DominiqueIngres would have lavished his skill on that hand, makingit a marvel of inherent beauty, as likewise more certainly112 would the divine Watteau, who would further havecharged the curtain with rhythm. But neither hand, norcurtain has appealed to Yeats, who has drawn bothcasually, if not badly} and his little picture owes its fascina~tion, almost exclusively, to the wholly adequate sense itconveys of the cozy, firelit abode, with its invitation torest and dream. Like Turner, Yeats will frequentlymake a tiny landscape or seascape appear vast and bound- less; while in his work of this sort he ever contrives toperpetuate that mystery which is an integral part ofnature, he ever contrives to reincarnate the emotionswhich the scene he shows awakened in him. And, wereI asked to single out two things by the artist which arespecially wonderful in this way, I should name unhesi- tatingly the book-plate done for May Sabina Stock, to- gether with that yet finer one delineating a man standingon the edge of a cliff, the sea stretching away beyondhim, while beneath is written in Irish the beautiful andthrilling phrase:"Come to me, O bright heart; come to me, O heart!There are dark clouds over Ard-na-Righ." Simplicity How simple and straightforward those lines are! Andto revert to a note I struck before, it is simplicity whichforms the crowning quality in Miss Yeats' printing. Des- titute of those elaborations which, lovely in themselves,tend withal to mar the productions of Morris, Rickettsand Ashbee, the Cuala books might well be compared tothose of that prince of English typographers, John Basker- ville. Only, it is never to him that my thoughts go, whenseeing these slim, elegant volumes; and I think insteadof Arthur Symons' study in Maida Vale, perhaps recollect- ing also the poem in which Verlaine writes of that place. Pastels in Prose II.—The Sorrow of a Little Violet Guido Bruno A CONNOISEUR of the real and the beautiful** strolled through the pleasaunces of his gardens on asunny Spring afternoon. The tender grass had been daringand the little blades were sticking out of the brown earth- crumbs here and there and reminded one of the scarceyellow feathers of recently born geese. Bushes and treeswere still naked and looked rather sordid towards theplacid blue heaven. A handfuL of highly polished leaves stood close together at the knotty root of an old ahd white- branched tree. They looked like remnants of last year'ssummer glory. Their stems were short; they had the ,shape of a heart and they almost lay on the dark witheredmoss.The trained eyes of the connoiseur detected somethingbeautiful right beneath, or among those old unpleasantlooking leaves. He stopped, he bent over, and lo! he hadbroken a violet; the first one perhaps of the year. Thebeautiful little head bowed down modestly; it was deepblue, wonderful like the deep blue eyes of one true woman.He caressed it; He took it home. Busy were the ser- vants of his household for the rest of the afternoon. Inthe sunniest window, a wonderfully chiselled silver re- ceptacle was placed. Vases scented with rare and costlyodors from still rarer and mystic flowers of the Orientwere prepared 'for its bath. Two slaves were in constantattendance to look after the comfort and the needs of thenewcomer.The little violet was tired. It closed its leaves for along restful night. Early in the morning, almost with thefirst rays of the new sun, the connoisseur came to the littleviolet. It lay there in its receptacle filled with perfumedwaters. It seemed sad, $o sad."Dear little violet/' cried the connoiseur, and took itin his hands and fondled it and covered its little leaveswith kisses, "Are you not happy in your new home?""Yes," but this answer sounded like the manifestationof utter despair and hopelessness."Did I not provide for you the most wonderful part ofmy house? Did I not give you the rarest perfumes foryour bath? Did I not send the most skilled among myservants to look after your needs? What is it I over- looked, my dear little violet? There is no wish on earth 1that I will not make come true for you the instant youname it."There was no answer from the violet. And the silencewas heavy. The little golden fays danced merrily uponthe silver vases and gold receptacles. The violet did notanswer yet."Or is it because I broke you, and you are full ofregret?"4lNo, not that;" whispered the violet and its little headdrooped down deep on its stem."I am sad because I never can be broken again." FINIS In Our Village Landlord "Artlover' and Phlianthropist by JackFlanagan Ragpicker's Cellar in the Village, suitable as Studio, TeaJroom or Artshop (Rent: as much as the landlord can get) Jharity in General F is highly deplorable that someone always must suffer. that some one else may enjoy the self-elevating satis- action of being charitable and benevolent. Organizedrharities contribute daily their share to the humiliationmd the downfall of human kind. Forgotten is the oldyroverb "let not your right hand know what your leftI land doeth." The right hand is destined to-day to regis- er, to card index and to file in elaborate efficiency systemswhatever the left hand is supposed to give. How won- lerfully simple would it be if there were offices of humaneorganizations where a fellowman in distress could comercror help. Where he could state,"I am homeless" and thefiome would be provided for him. Where he could say,TI am sick," and a physician's skill and a druggist's as- sistance would be his. Where one could go if he reachedJthe parting of the ways, desiring to turn to the right andknowing his need for a guide. Even if nine out of tenwould be taking unfair advantage for selfish reasons of thegood heartedness and kindness of their community, tohave been a "neighbor"' to the tenth, the deserving one. . . humanity would be richly repaid.Ideal conditions have only one function: to remain theultimate goal of efficiency business of our day.The same tender-hearted men and women who turnpurple with indignant rage if the word vivisection is evenmentioned contribute money and personal efforts towardthe establishment of our gigantic torture chambers andexperimental stations, cold charitable institutions wherehuman kind becomes the raw material for a standard pro- duct supposedly useful to all other humanity; where the.voice of the heart is silenced and cold business methods,calculation and speculation are offered as bal;m upon bleed- ing wounds inflicted by humanity and* as a miserableexchange for confidence, trust, hope and love. The feel- ing of the individual towards the individual is throttledto make the social worker efficient, to make the seekerfor help a deserving entry upon the card index.Little wheels move big wheels. The big wheels movethe hands of the clock. The hands of the clock rotateand rotate in their prescribed circles. We see the handsonly and we expect them to be at certain points at certaintimes. There is some mysterious connection between uswho watch the hands move in their circles and the littleinvisible wheels which move the hands. Some day onewill arise among the vast multitudes of watchers who willlay a loving hand upon one of those smallest invisiblewheels . . and lo! a great change will come overfall . . . Washington Square's Amusements for Man and Beast Washington Square was recently chosen by some makersppf happiness in this world as a field of operation. Thelatest arrival on the battlefield where hearts and humancompassions are pierced by the poisoned daggers of"neighborly love" is the New York Women's League forHomeless AnimalsLast Wednesday noon they arrived with nine cages,one dog catcher and a comfortable chair on which he cansit and smoke and dream about the kindness of hispatronesses. Homeless cats and dogs are this time theobjects of charity. They deprive all stray animals in the neighborhood of the possibility of eventually findingsome food in a garbage can or in the gutter. They lockthem up in these two-by-four cages, exposed in the mostprominent place on the Square to sun and heat. It is apitiful sight to see these little dogs and cats behind thebars. Their eyes are sad, glazed from thirst, their tongues. hanging out, their little lungs working painfully. Hordesof children are standing around the cages and teasing theanimals as New York children of tenement districts aremost likely to do. Shady trees are right near by and thewatchman's chair has found a place there where it is cool.A fountain is not two steps away from the cages and- thewatchman has his drinking glass under his chair. But there is no receptacle or dish to serve water for those poorcreatures, afflicted by the "neighborly love" of the NewYork women of the League for Animals. In these cagesthey ai;e forced to remain all day^—little bits of kittenswhich in gleeful play left the yard where their mother issearching anxiously for them, dogs which look quite harm- less . . . Why do not these benevolent women directtheir attention to the big rats of this neighborhood? Whydo not they clean tenement houses of bedbugs and othervermin? Why do not they start a city wide campaignagainst cockroaches which invade poor man's'grocery shopsali over town? If something living has to be hurt, why notdo away with some plague of humanity ? Or why nottransfer these dogs and cats immediately "to the deathchambers they have built for them in other parts of thecity? Why not deliver them mercifully from life todeath instantly? Or is this shameful exhibition of thirstyand hungry animals upon the children's playground ofWashington Square meant as an educational uplift forthe school children during vacation times? Whateverspace is left for the playground for the children of Green- wich Village by the all absorbing bus company, is nowtaken up by these damnable cages.Should not these animals be granted at least'a shadyplace, if they must be in cages, a drink of water once ina while and a square meal?A very zealous young man gathers every even- ing around eight o'clock a large number of passersbyabout him on the Northwest' corner of WashingtonSquare and Fifth Avenue, preaching to them froma chair on equality of man and the futility of divinityand of churches. While exactly at the same hour theill-blown sounds of a cornet invite the faithful to lookat moving pictures on the corner of Thompson St.andWashington Square,—at moving pictures illustrating inrather a grotesque way the Scriptures. What do theyknow about God and man?At the same time a band of musicians furnished by thecity government, amuses the crowds in the park. Classicmusic and ragtime interchange as happily as moods andthe masses are amused. A bit of music means so muchin the life of everybody. It awakens so much good inthe hearts of people. It brings back memories. It lullsinto forgetfulness. It creates hopes. Truly these bandconcerts are to a good many of their listeners a muchneeded soul bath.If you really think that the hand organ man is a pestthat one can get rid of by handing over an abolus, you havenot the children's version of the* story. What a cabaretmeans to you after dinner, the hand organ man means tothe ragged little tots who, after their evening repast,populate Bleecker Street and the other thoroughfares thatlead to the Square. Around these hand organs are thesocial centres where little girls meet little Soys and danceand admire and feel, perhaps for the first time in theirlives, what desire, possession and envy mean.At the foot of the Garibaldi monument a very dignifiedM gentleman, with white side whiskers, assisted by avery pretty girl in a gray Quaker habit, proclaims everyevening the happiness of an ideal world where there willbe no money, no individual ownership, and therefore noquarrels and hatred, and nothing but gentleness and lovein abundance. He, too, finds his group of diligent listeners. He looks so happy that one is almost convinced that h&lt;believes,his prophecies, if only he would not pass aroumevery once in awhile some pamphlets which he wishes Jsell for ten cents each. Once, after one of his meetinghad closed, I saw him walking homewards witl) his blondicompanion and a big bunch of his pamphlets under hi&lt;arm. His face was not happy. What a paradox! Thathe man who preaches universal happiness Eased uporthe abolishment of the circulation of money should b&lt;crestfallen because the money did not circulate in hidirection on this evening!Strolling along about the Square and taking in the sighthumanitarians and their humane objects provide for us*we will meet that funny old lady who carries some baUclothes in a paper bag and who will try to sell us knitted baby bootees. Of course, no one takes the offelseriously and a good many hand her a penny. We angood friends, this old woman and myself. And so, oncehanding out some small coin to her, I asked her to showme those bootees. She had only a single one in her papeibag, and that was time worn. She told me she made itabout twenty-five years ago for that boy of hers whowent away some dozen years ago. She believes firmhthat one of these days he will come back to his old mother.And then, she will put the boo,tee in her chest drawer asa memory of her years of trouble and sorrow. Wherethere is hope there is life! A new fad was started by some sightseer who invadedthe Village on a bus a few days ago. He threw a fev|pennies among a crowd of boys who were loitering abou|the bus station. And he was well repaid, viewing fromthe height of his bus seat, the turmoil of fists and feetand heads jumbled in a tight mass. It was quite a spectacijfor eyes and ears. Our street arabs seem now penn\!hungry whenever one of those swaggering sea-faring buse.'fpass through the Square.Such are the innocent amusements Washington Squarehas in store for man and beast, night and day, watchedSover vigilantly by Tom and Dominick, the faithful copsof our neighborhood.Jack Flanagan has become famous notwithstanding thefact that he arrived only two months ago from Australia. here are several letters for him in the Garret which will: his for a call.Oscar Caesare and his bride, who was Miss Margaret)rter and who aspires to be Miss O. Henry, looked inin last week for one of the romantic abodes that oneas supposed to find for cheap money in our neighbor- ed (so often mentioned and made immortal by herther, O. Henry.) The real estate shark is the big wallGreenwich Village between the romance of a quaint&gt;me in an odd house and one's pocketbook. Only anRistic soap manufacturer may build a bridge over it withs money. The Caesares believe in a fair exchange oflues and therefore they will live somewhere in theburbs. Caesare has lived in Greenwich Village formost ten years and he knows the real estate shark betterrhaps than does anybody else. If his experiences had)t been so tragic, they would be really funny.A certain girl, who thinks life is not worth livingithout an automobile, and whose husband has quite antrary conception, decided upon a unique course foraking him yield to her demands. She devotes at present1 her time to the study of the art of running an auto- obile and she feels sure that her husband is too muchan efficient business man to let her acquired knowledge; idle after she shall have acquired her chauffeur's li- nse. But there are moments in which she feels quiteizy about the outcome of her adventure.Edith Unger closed up her Mad Hatter's shop and wentr a fourteen days' vacation to the country. She will re-open the Rabbit's Hole sometime after the first ofSeptember.Anton Hellman, longtime resident of the BenedictApartments, will open his interior decorating establishmenton Eighth Street. He has leased the floor right above theCandlestick Tea Room. A very interesting Oscar Wilde item is offered in arecent catalog of W. Heifer &amp; Sons, Booksellers, Cam- bridge, England. It is a large paper copy of the firstedition of his picture of "Dorian Gray," published in 1891in a limited edition of twp hundred and fifty copies, ofwhich each was numbered and signed by the author.Inlaid is an unpublished letter from the author concern- ing the characters in the book.The autograph letter signed in full, is written to Mr.Ralph Payne, with addressed envelope, undated (Febru- ary 12th, 1894), 4 pp. cr Bvo.Whatever influence "Dorian Gray," the masterpieceof Oscar Wilde, may 7exercise on the reader, there canbe no doubt that to some extent, Oscar Wilde at the timeof writing was portraying himself, and this letter suppliesthe key to the Author's mind, as may be seen by the fol- lowing short extract from the letter:"Basil Hallward is what I think I am—-Lord Henry what the world thinks—me—. what I would like to be—in other ages—perhaps/' Postcards drawn by Artists in the German Trenches Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. Seven Years' Friendship F. H. T. (Baltimore) I T was not a romance but an awakening.*■ It was not a culmination of a seven year courtship, buta jolting, yet pleasurable discovery that after seven years offirm friendship that I had found my imaginary ideal in theform of the slip of a girl by my side.We had often discussed her marriage to another youth, oneof whom I held in the highest respect, and one whose talentswould and will undoubtedly place him high in the businessworld.It was a Spring evening in the woods of Maryland, returningto the city after a delightful party. Frogs in a nearby marshcroaked their weird mystic chants, and the breeze rustledmusically through the trees. With the rush of a tidal wave,during a lull in the conversation, the thought of this girl marry- ing someone else, rushed upon my previously dull mind, pullingat every heart string. To ask her for her hand seemed animpossibility, and the very thought choked in my throat. Istopped abruptly and she paused too. For the minute the frogsceased their croaking and the breeze halted. Somehow sheseemed to know and stepped a wee bit closer. Her arm touchedmine and in the next instant I held her to me. "Tomorrow?"I questioned and she nodded her assent.That was the only word that passed between us and on themorrow we slipped to Ellicott city, a suburb of Baltimore andwere married. Since I have not known a moment of sorrow,and feel that I was guided on that Spring night by an unknown sympathetic hand. Class Distinction "Brooklyn" rjp HIRTEEN Years ago. I was the son of a wealthy family.When I came home one evening, a new maid opened thedoor. She was beautiful and seemed like a lady masquerading.One glance from her quickly-lowered eyes made my heart turnin my breast and I was hers from that moment. Then begana strange courtship. I would steal down in the early morning,when she was setting the table, before the rest were up. Sherefused to listen to me and threatened to tell my folks if I didnot leave her alone. But somehow, I knew she cared for me.Her presence in the house was a delicious agony and I waspersistent. On her nights off, I used to wait down on thecorner. And finally one night, she cried, and begged me toleave her alone, that I was too good for her. But I knewbetter and took her in my arms, and in six weeks after she firstopened the door to me, we were married.The family were horrified and cast me out, out of their homeand out of their business. I didn't care, I had my love and wascontent. We started housekeeping in a tenement with a bed,a table, two hard chairs and a one-burner gas stove. Ourmoney went while I walked the streets looking for work. Fortwo days we lived on half a loaf of rye bread and water. Ifinally got a job at hard, unaccustomed labor, for ten dollarsa week. We were very happy, she and I. Since then, thebaby came, and sickness and hard times and all sorts of troublesbut my little maid and I are still truly wedded and contentand it is thirteen years since she first opened the door to me. Love or Friendship? C. W. J. (Montreal) WAS attending a Medical College in New York. Not havingmany acquaintances in the city, I readily accepted the invijtation of a classmate to visit him at his Home and meet 1™people. * J |There I met his sister—*young and attractive looking. Wit;few acquaintances and a slender purse, I did not care to takiin the pleasure places of New York, but became a constanvisitor at my friend's house, and was thrown more and monin contact with his sister. Our friendship terminated iimarriage. Our courtship, which was of a rather lengthnature—my wife waiting some four years until I secured m;degree—was of the conventional kind—books, theatres occasionally and flowers.I recollect what great pleasure I used to derive from puttingpretty inscriptions on the front leaves of the books—a few tende:lines of some poet or a few touching words in Latin from mjlimited store. I don't know whether I married for love, truilove, or whether I married because I mistook friendship foilove. Perhaps the latter. I have three children and earn jcomfortable living. My wife takes life calmly and seems quitcentered on herself. She seems to want to get the most out olife for herself.Often I wonder whether I would be happier and more cJJjtented had I remained single. Married life has become for meso dull, so monotonous. It lacks the sympathy, the affection ancco-operation that I fondly looked forward to. The Romance on the Boat to Babloa Mrs. C. (Detroit) ULY 4, 1914, a girl friend and myself boarded a DetroiFerry for an afternoon ride. The boat was crowded t(capacity. My husband, Mr. C. * and his friend, then botlstrangers to us, offered us chairs. A conversation followedAfter the ride both young men suggested supper and a moon;light ride. After a little hesitation we accepted the invitationDuring the evening I was relating some of my trips througlthe west. Mr. C had covered the same territory ancdared me to marry him and take up a claim in Montana. Ijfun I took the dare. We talked so much about our claims arjplans that our friends took it seriously and the following eviling, they pinned tags on us ''just married." m|The next ten days Mr. C made ardent love to medared me to keep my promise of the first evening. On 4115th of July he asked me if I was ready to accompany himthe minister. Laughingly, I said yes, picked up my hat, saidI am ready. Before I realized the serious step I was takingI was married to him by an E minister. Waking up to th(fact that I was married, I asked to be taken home. I refused tsee my husband for three days. After thinking it all overdecided to be game and make good my vows. That's why anhow I was married. After a brief honeymoon we settled dowjand the result is I am as happy as any contented marrie- woman can be. I have an ideal husband. I could not havl.found a better one. I wouldn't advise every girl to marry ajI did for I don't believe there are many fellows like my husi band. The Fairy and the Spider By Betty Graeme "Here we go, Luby-LouHere we go, Luby-Lou,"sang the soiled children in the square, moving in unisonwith the rhythm, quite unmindful that their paradise wasbounded on all sides by ugly red brick houses. Theirshrill voices were as glad as if their faces had been freshly.washed with morning dew and their ragged raiment made* whole. For, if water be scarce in the quarter, so aremirrors and if one's frock be frayed one has only to holdone's head high above such sartorial shortcomings."I put my right foot in,I I take my right foot out,I make my foot go tap, tap, tap,And turn myself around."chorused the voices.To be sure the last line didn't rhyme but in New Yorkthere is no time for mending rhymes. New ones are bornevery minute, but no one will stop to learn them as longas the old ones hang together.But the bad rhyme got on Miss West's nerves. Theconstant repetition jarred like a newly crowned tooth thatthe dentist has confused with the bill and made too high."Children, would you like me to tell you a fairy story?"she asked."Oh, yes, Miss West," they answered politely, "wewould like it very much," which was not at all true, but- what they had been taught was expected of them.' "Well, then, once upon a time a fairy came to NewYork—""Not to New York!" they exclaimed, laughing de- risively."Yes, indeed," she maintained firmly, "though nobodywould ever have known it. You see, in New York noone believes in fairies because no one ever sees them; andno one ever sees them because no one believes in them.This fairy disguised herself so she wouldn't be recognizedby any stranger from the country. She folded up herwings and tucked them into her tailor suit. She did upher hair and hid her fairy wand in an umbrella. Sheeven painted her face so she would look like the rest ofher sex. And no one even suspected her.""But, Miss Wild West, why should a fairy come toNew York?" they cried in bewilderment."Ah, you may well ask. You see, my dears, this fairy■j|ad got lost and, as no one knew the way back to fairy-Bind, they all told her that New York was just like Jairy- |land. So, of course, she went there.""And is it?" inquired the children anxiously."Oh, no," she reassured them. "And that was veryhard on the fairy. Instead of the illumination being madeBy lovely phosphorescent lanterns swung gaily about bywill-o'-the-wisps and fireflies, glaring artificial lightssnapped on and off in a dizzy and unbeautiful manner.And instead of being spontaneous and highly contagious,all the mirth was made to order and very, very depressing.Instead of dancing in fairy rings on the greensward midtinkling bluebells and fairy music, she found them dancingon hardwood squares in the midst of clinking glasses andugly sounds that made the ears ache. Instead of happy,* smiling faces on all sides there was only the leer of the licentious and the greed of the avaricious."Poor little fairy, she was so sorry and disappointed.She wandered all up and down the narrow dirty streetscrying her eyes out. The pavements hurt her feet andthe people hurt her pride of race.""Poor little fairy," echoed the children. Vaguely theytoo understood how she felt. "Did she die?""No, just as her heart began to beat so faintly shethought it was going to stop, she stumbled blindly intoa garret. There in one corner she saw a great black spiderspinning a web.""A spider!" cried the children in alarm."Yes. 'Of course, being va fairy, she wasn't afraid ofspiders even though this one made terrible faces at herand waved his arms in' a most threatening manner."What is the matter with you," inquired the spider,"Are you trying to flood my garret with salt water ordid you float in on a high tide ? Grrrrrrr! I know what.You are a woman and all women are inferior to men.A woman like you needs to Jbe thrown on the floor* andtrrrrampled upon. That is what I should do with you."The fairy was so amused she burst right out laughing."I was crying because New York is so ugly," she said."But now I don't seem to mind so much. I haven't beenamused before but I am beginning to be.""New York is not ugly," said the spider with emphasis."You are a woman and you don't know anything aboutit. Women are inferior—""You said that before," said the fairy, "and I didn'tbelieve you then.""But I can prove it!" shrieked the spider."Well, who cares if you can," said the fairy, "I canprove that you are knock-kneed but I'm too polite.""I hate politeness," said the spider, spinning anotherthread. "Why should we lie to "feach other? But youare a woman, and women, like all inferiors, lie.""I heard you the first time," said the fairy. "Womenonly lie to hold their own with men. It is a nice world,don't you think?"You see she had forgotten all about her tears."Well, I don't. No, I don't. It is a big piece of stickyfly paper. All these horrid human insects that swarmhere think are tasting sweetness, but they are justconsuming sugared poison. Besides it hurts my wings.""What does a woman know of wings?" growled thespider. "No woman ever had wings. Woman is infer—""Why harp on it?" said the fairy. "If her upperregister is a bit thin it doesn't help to have a man hammeron it all the time.""So you don't like New York because you've gottenyour wings singed?""I suppose so!" agreed the fairy, amiably. "Besides ithas broken my heart.""Heart," sniffed the spider, if spiders can sniff. "I'llprove to you that a woman doesn't know anything abouta heart. Where is your heart?""If you please, I keep my heart just where you keepyours, in my vanity case.""We will leave my heart out of ,the discussion," saidthe spider, weaving busily. "So they have run over your vanity case and busted it, have they ? But, being a woman,it is quite as serious as though it had been your heart.""It is more serious," replied the fairy. "If it had beenmy heart I would have covered it up and no one wouldever have known. But since it is my vanity case, every- body can see that New York has put a crimp in it.""Just like a woman," snapped the spider, biting off athread and beginning at another corner of the web. "Theyare fit for nothing but to be mothers of the race.""How funny you are," laughed the fairy. "One wouldthink that no inferior being would be fit for so high amission. It must be a terrible handicap to the race, too.I suppose mothers are because the fathers cant be, eh?""That is almost enough," said the spider, frowningfiercely, "I told you I had a headache.""Then I must be going," said the fairy. "I couldn'tthink of staying and sharing it with you. There is neverroom for anything else on a man's mind when he hashimself and a headache on it. Goodbye."Suddenly, as the fairy was turning herself out, a shaftof sunlight fell athwart the room and bathed the garretin its mellow glow. It was then that the fairy made agreat discovery. She saw that the spider was not a spiderat all, but a big hearted, sympathetic writer man. Thereason he looked so black and ugly was because he wasall covered over with ink from trying to tell people aboutthe beauty and romance and savor of life which they wereoverlooking in their mad rush to the grave. The webhe was so industriously weaving was made all of silverthreads. It glistened in the sunlight with the glint ofgolden deeds, the sparkle of jewelled hopes and pearls ofthought that mark the path of inspiration."As she gazed, the fairy felt her own tired, crushedwings stir faintly and, adjusting her somewhat batteredstraw hat at the angle at wrhich she usually wore her fairy crown, she fluttered away.""Is that all?" asked the children."Well, yes, that is all I seem to remember," repliedMiss Wild West, somewhat abashed."I don't think much of it," exclaimed a grimy urchin."You just orter hear the Injun stories my Uncle Bob kintell.""I don't think so awfully much of it myself," saidMiss West. TO YOU, GENTLE READER Kindly give your standing order for Bruno'sWeekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it provesdisastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub- scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num- bers which you have missed on the news- stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches froma two-collar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news- dealer. ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger.IiBUYI Single volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary menartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COIJJECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington S®Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.j. 112. McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET Rare BooksFirst EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Nidwied singly or in sets for people who have no ither time nor opportunity to select for themsahre%m for those who have not access to die best book marts. Why not begn collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.Using a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenueki Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.HOTEL BREVOQRT CAFE LAFAYETFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTEMl'Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories.IIThere can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkable ■Edison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Grrawkfa Village has not heaei sacrificedon the altar of coxnmercialmaaA postal will bring you, with our compfimeafe,an interesting little biography of Mr. That. A.Phone: Stufvesant 4570 Edison Bruno Chap Books•50.25.25.25.251. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WidleThe first American reprint of one of themost wonderful poems of the author. ...... $ .252. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs* by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his littlewings before he stings and annoys.. . .253. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg*s Mushrooms are recog-nized poetry. The Mushroom stands for asimple expression of thought in simple mu-sical rhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one manwho speaks to his fellow-men—just to theone who might find in four or six simplelines of rhythm the revelation of the rhythmand the harmony of his own simple life....4. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown5. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde6. Anarchists, by Cuido Bruno7. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg8. Vignettes, by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three chief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty of sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897. •$. Tasks and Hsuka, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state with*out a Constitution, and the daughter of aronin, a roving soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessive and intenseas Foe's, on strictly realistic lines. The ut-most bounds of expression are reached, evenhis originality is aggressivelidtardi Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido BrunoEdna, the Girl of the Street, by Alfred KreymborgCause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeeterLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in redblood, tinted by the golden sun, formed andshaped by hands who know the labors andpains of millions scented with good-willtowards everybody and emitted with pure loveNo.13.14.15.16.17..50IS.19..25.25.2520.21.22.23.24.25..25 26.Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno 1.00The Tragedy in therßirdhouse, Tby Guido Bruno.50Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid'* .25Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells all about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-tors and producers of vers libre who thinkthemselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write in rhyme , .25Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord AlfredDouglas would have laughed at the idea thathe would write a book explaining away hisfriendship with Oscar Wilde. As editor of"The Spirit Lamp," a magazine publishedby James Thornton, High Street, Oxford,and edited by Lord Alfred Douglas, heseemed to be a diligent imitator of his friendOscar. He imitated his style in prose and inpoetry. Whenever he received a contribu-tion from Oscar Wilde it was the main andleading feature of the issue .25Sadakichi Hartmann—Permanent Peace: Is It aDream?Charles Kains-Jackson—Jotra Aldington SyinondsA PortraitThe life-long friend of the English poetgives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto , a since for-gotten literary periodical of England, in1897 25Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive We*men—Rhythms and 5 Drawings 25Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks .25H. Thompson Rich—Lumps of Clay—l 6 Rhythms.25D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-dayMusings .25H. Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—l 7 WarPoems .. ......... .25Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Religion, abibliography .50Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat * .50Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C.