Bruno's Weekly 2 19 May 6th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-05-06_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 19 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Sonnet to Liberty Oscar Wilde cre 3 How the News of the Fall of Vicksburg Reached Greenwich Village Euphemia M. Olcott cre 3-4 Edison: His Re-Creation of the Human Voice Frank Harris cre 5-6 The Movies and the Press William Marion Reedy cre 6-8 Mother After the German of Altenberg, by Guido Bruno cre 8-9 To Fourteenth Street —Tarleton Winchester cre 9 The Perfect Book Richard Aldington cre 9 Passing Paris Muriel Cielkovska cre 9-10 Appropriate Names 10 Epitaphs in a Connecticut Churchyard 10 Sons of Great Fathers: 11 Siegfried Wagner Illustration 11 Perhaps 11 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 12 Wilde's Masterpiece G. B cre 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week Magazines Galore cre 13-14 Liars Pearl cre 14-16 Thoughts on Suicide—II Martin Brown cre 16-17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Roma Lucida Henri Fumet cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents May 6th, 1916W. * G.iV --fr,;'. Cipyijght by Guido Bruno, May 6th, 1916.* Origin a! mdn,indwSns til drawings, mar not be reproduced without permission«112 Guido Bruno; but that permission maybe iimmwl 3 credit» |ivn to author and Bruno's Weekly. CHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATRE,SITUATEDAT NO. 10 FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno, ManagerWednesday, May 10th, 1916 at 8.45 p. m.FRANK HARRISt. , *The great English editor and author, the friend and publish- er of those men of Letters in England, France, Germany andItaly, who marked the important literary epoch of the lastcentury and of our own times; the most distinguished citizenof Greenwich Village since his arrival in America, will speakabout Shakespeare as he sees him and will relate some inter- esting accounts of his association with Oscar Wilde, withBernard Shaw and many of the others he had knownADMISSION BY INVITATION ONLY READ BRUNO'S WEEKLYand if you think fifty-two issuesare worth two dollars I will beglad to count you among mysubscribers.V * * * /. ** " - * * • *Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 19 MAY 6th, MCMXVI; Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRMO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued.) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Sonnet to Liberty Oscar Wilde Not that I love thy children, whose dull eyesSee nothing save their own unlovely woe,Whose minds know nothing, nothing care to know,But that the roar of thy Democracies,Thy reigns of Terror, thy great Anarchies,Mirror my wildest passions like the sea,—And give my rage a brother — / Liberty!For this sake only do thy dissonant criesDelight my discreet soul, else, might all kingsBy bloody knout or treacherous cannonades vRob nations of their rights inviolateAnd I remain unmoved—and yet, and yet,These Christs that die upon the barricades,God knows it I am with them, in some things. How the News of the Fall of VicksburgReached Greenwich Village By Euphemia M. Olcott '"THE Civil War covered the most impressionable part of mylife. Well do I remember being roused by the "Extras"in the night which proclaimed the original attack uponSumter. I sprang from my bed, and from the third storyhall saw my mother gazing up from the second, asking, "Doyou hear? It has come." Then followed the four years ofsuch living as we hope and believe our country will neversee again. Of course, every day saw the enlistment of rela- tives and friends—of course I stood in the street and sawthe Seventh and the Twenty-second Regiments of the NewYork militia go off—with many friends of my own age goingwith them. I may say parenthetically that, after fifty years,I saw, from the same spot in Lafayette Place, the SeventhRegiment start over the same route, the' veterans either ohfoot or in carriages. And from the old Oriental Hotel, keptby the same ladies, floated the same flag—with the stars allthere, saluted alike by veteran and the boys of to-day.In those days there was. great intimacy between our familyand the Roosevelts, and we always witnessed parades fromthe house of Mr. C. V. S. Roosevelt, grandfather of "Teddy," at the corner of Fourteenth Street and Broadway, with agarden stretching down toward Thirteenth Street, throughwhose green gate we entered when the stoop was crowdedby the public. From those windows I saw the Prince ofWales, afterwards Edward VII, and from that roof I gazedupon the immense mass meeting which expressed the loyaltyof the North, which was memorably addressed by HenryWard Beecher, and the scarcely less eloquent George W.Bethune, D. D. I remember how on that day we gazed alittle doubtfully at the mother of President Roosevelt—lovelyand dear always—because, forsooth, she came from Georgia.The call of the President for 75,000 troops met with instantresponse, and from all sections of the country we kept hear- ing of relations and friends who were expecting speedily toadvance "On to Richmond." Alas! it took the disastrous BullRun and many similar events to make us realize that it wasnot a three months', war. Many, many friends never cameback, and when, years afterwards, I heard Joseph Cook say,"I belong to a decimated generation," I knew that he and Iwere contemporaries.But there were victories. As I write these words, the fif- tieth anniversary of Gettysburg is being celebrated. Allthrough the first, second and third days of July, 1863, wekept getting word of success. On the night of the Fourthwe were on our roof, watching the skyrockets, not then con- cealed by skyscrapers, and the sound of extras arose. "Morenews from Gettysburg," we cried, and hastened down, myfather being the first to get to the street. From the front-door he shouted, "It isn't Gettysburg—Vicksburg has surren- dered," and of course our joy knew no bounds. Then fol- lowed an illumination—how often I think of it as I go alongthe "great white way"—for electricity was then only har- nessed to telegraph wires and a little tallow dip in each panesatisfied our ideas of brilliancy.On the nineteenth of that July I left New York with amerry party for a summer outing in New Hampshire. AtBellows Falls we had to wait for a train from Boston, andwhen it came, there were extras again. And lo! they toldus of the draft riots in New York, which had been so peace- ful that morning. My father,was still in the city, and ofcourse he did patrol work, as every one else did who wason the right side.* I have not spoken of the great fair of the Sanitary Com- mission, and I am not sure in which year it occurred, but allwomen and girls consecrated their time and their money,with what results the world knows. Nor have I mentionedhow boys and girls alike scraped lint and rolled bandagesand made "Havelocks" during classes in school—and doubt- less sent them off laden with germs which would make thesurgeons of to-day shudder and turn pale. So we lived—and at last the troops did get to Richmond and the day ofgreat rejoicing came. And after the assassination of ourPresident, ah me! I sometimes think the gay and happyyoung people of the next generation have not known whatliving means, even if they did have a bit of a taste of warduring that hot summer when we liberated Cuba and tookupon ourselves the responsibility of the Phillipines. *1 am indebted for this story to Mr. Henry Collins Brown, whogave me permission to extract it fzqjn his beautiful "Book of OldNew York," printed by him privately for collectors. Edison: His Re-Creation ofthe Human Voice By Frank Harris J HAVE never believed much in the mechanical reproduc- tion of artistic masterpieces, never praised them. It hasalways seemed to me difficult enough for a man to becomean artist, to say nothing of a machine. Photographs ofdrawings, it is true, are often indistinguishable from theoriginals; statues, too, can be reproduced in bronze and othermetals to perfection. Form can be recreated to the satisfac- tion even of the artist himself, but color defies reproduction,and still more musical tone with its myriad varying inflections.Accordingly, when I was assured the other day that Edisonwas able to recreate and render perfectly the voice of a greatsinger or a master's work on the violin I took the assuranceswith more than the usual grain of salt."Come to Carnegie Hall," said my friend, "and judge foryourself," and as a doubting Thomas, I consented to go.Carnegie Hall, as every one knows, is very large; it seats3500 persons and its acoustic properties are not wonderful.The test, therefore was sure to be severe. But Mr. Fuller,Mr. Edison's representative, was very confident. He declaredthat Mr. Edison had accomplished the incredible, that it wasimpossible to distinguish between the singer's voice and itsrecreation, or between the real violin player and the mechani- cal reproduction.Madame Rappold of the Metropolitan Opera Company wasthe prima donna chosen for the demonstration, and the firstsong was "Vissi D'Arte," from Puccini's "Tosca." The musicbegan and one was immediately caught by the beauty of thesound, the "human" quality of the voice, throbbing throughthe air, now rising, now falling in waves of melody. Onecould shut one's eyes and almost swear it was a womansinging. Suddenly the music increased in volume; we looked,Madame Rappold had joined in; just as suddenly, she ceasedbut the voice continued. Again and again the test was made;it was impossible to distinguish between the singer's voiceand the voice given forth by the Cabinet; impossible. Everylightest tone, every shade of emotion, the tremolo of fear,the triumphant pulsing of joy, even the indescribable senseof tears in the voice were perfectly reproduced. Criticismwas silenced.With wonder and curiosity mingled we waited for the dem- onstration with the violin. In this test, too a violinist ap- peared and played, now alone, now with the instrument; atone moment you heard the Cabinet alone, then the violinistjoined in, the volume of sound increased, but the sound wasthe same, absolutely the same, indistinguishable, identical.The miracle was accomplished. No wonder Mr. Edison wrote of this invention: "It is thegreatest thing I've ever done—almost a new art." Hence- forth it will be possible for anyone to listen to the greatestmusic: in the his own fireside.It is only right to say that the demonstration with thepiano was not anything like so wonderful, whether this wasdue in part to the size of the hall or not, I could not say;but the recreation was not perfect. Mr. Fuller warned usbeforehand Edison regards this part of his work asstill experimental, and there it must be left until the wizardtakes it in hand again and does for the piano what he hasdone for the voice and the violin. But as both voice andviolin are incomparably more complex than the piano, it iscertain that sooner or later the reproduction of the piano,too, will be brought to perfection.Meantime one can rest and be thankful for what has al- ready been done. One can now sit in one's own room in theevening and hear Anna Case or Marie Rappold in "VissiD'Arte," or in "Mimi" in all comfort. One can have Spauldingat command or Marie Kaiser whenever one pleases.The world's debt to Edison has been enormously increased. The Movies and the Press William Marion Reedy A FACT in explanation of the popularity of the moviesis the co-operation between the film magnates and thenewspapers. It is not generally known that the publicationin the newspapers of some, if not all, of the continued storieswhich are synchronously displayed in films in the movingpictures theaters, are paid for by the movie magnates. Notalone are those stories printed much as are paid advertise- ments, but the newspapers printing them are paid a certainroyalty on the film presentations of the stories in the theatersof the district covered by the circulation of those newspapers.The advantage of this arrangement to the newspapers and tothe moving picture houses is so evident as to be in no needof demonstration. In the face of such a powerful combina- tion there seems to be slight prospecf of any resuscitation ofthe spoken drama. The interest of the newspapers is withthe moving picture institution. There is no such heavyinterest of the press in the encouragement of the revival ofthe drama proper. The old style theatrical advertising hardlyamounted to enough to make newspapers participants intheatrical prosperity. There is more newspaper participationin the movie profits. Practical journalism's success in gettingin on the movie profits shows that the newspaper businesswill never again make the mistake it made with regard tobaseball. The newspapers exploited baseball to such anextent that they created a public craving for baseball newsand now they must cater to that craving. They print morebaseball news than any other kind. They pay sporting writersbetter than any other kind. They permit those writers toexploit themselves. They turn loose their artists on the sport pages. And now the newspapers can't stop. They findthemselves boosting the baseball business and getting prac- tically nothing in the way of revenue, from that business,for baseball clubs do very little advertising. They pay forsmall cards during the days there are games played, and thatis all. The papers are working for the baseball' magnatesand the papers cannot quit because, if they do, they willlose their readers of sport news, and if they lose readers,they will lose the support of the big advertisrs, The baseballbusiness has the newspaper business on the hip. When themovies came, the newspapers, remembering baseball, werein no haste to boost the game. They held off until the moviesbegan to advertise. At first the individual movie housesbegan printing small cards announcing attractions. Then thebig film-making corporations indulged in advertising splurgesto help the business of the little theaters, and now these bigcorporations pay advertising rates to have stories like "MaryPaige" or "The Mysteries of Myra" or "The Iron Claw"printed as serials in the dailies and then pay the dailies a per- centage on the receipts of every film performance of the scen- arios of the serials. Of these serial-story-films as works of lit- erature, nothing need be said. They get what they go after—the public's money. They are morally clean, even if they are,of movie necessity, super-sensational. But how is the spokendrama to make any headway against the combination ofjournalistic business and film-corporation business? Can themen who are interested in the old theater as a business affordto "come across" to the newspapers in a way to win backthe public? Can they arrange to get more than the Sundaypage announcements of coming shows? And can they puta stop to the appearance of condemnatory criticism of theirofferings? There is no journalistic criticism of the movies.These are practical questions concerning the terrific vogueof the new mechanical form of dramatic representation.Professor Muensterberg and others say that the movie isan art-form, but that is disputable. But if the movies are art,must not the social philosopher find in this realm of humanexpression and its current crescent vogue another demonstra- tion of the potency of economic determinism? The news- paper-movie combination is economic. It is a factordetermining movie development as either a business or anart, as surely as the cheapness of movie entertainment issuch a factor. There is nothing reprehensible in this. It issimply a fact we must accept. How it will work out finallyno one can say. It has the spoken drama,commercially. But it has made for the publication and thewide reading of literary plays. It has brought into beingsuch an organization as the Drama League and innumerablesocieties for the study and acting of plays for the plays' sake.It has built "little theaters" and brought about the vogueor the country theater. It has encouraged amateur actingand it may bring about a revival of the professional stock company. Even it may be said that the film play is develop- ing a better and truer representation of actual life, as indicatedin Mr. Floyd Dell's article on a new film play in this issueof the "Mirror." The possibilities of the movie are incal- culable. They are powerful in propaganda. The liquorinterests aver that certain influences have used the movies inthe interest of Prohibition by persistent representation of theevils of drink. The films have been preaching "Preparedness."They have been made special pleaders for the Germans andfor the Allies. They are used to educate the farmers inagronomic efficiency. And now the Chicago "Public" offersa prize for the best moving picture scnario of a film dramato preach the social efficacy of the Single Tax. But thecombination of the movies and the press is the most signicantdevelopment of the situation. Will the movies finally dom- inate the press or vice versa? Is man, as Samuel Butlerprophesied, to be dominated by the machine that will notonly do his work but direct his thinking? Mother After the German of Altenberg, by Guido Bruno MY mother is dead. Nothing is left of her. She has disap- peared from this world.Whenever she was being dressed or coiffeured for thetheatre, for dinner or for a reception I was in despair as achild and like in death agony. Her leaving our home in theevening hurt me indescribably. The governess said: "Lookwhat a beautiful mother you haveK' . . ." Nobody under- stood my grief. She went ou.t into that world which wasnot ours, and even with pleasure she went. I was deeply un- happy. The rooms with the lighted candelabras seemed tome like the result of a destructive war, as after an accident.The mirror over the dressing table, the receptacles withfragrant waters which had served to manicure her hands, herdressing gown and her little slippers, everything was in dis- order. No one had thought of my pain; not the old faithfulcook, nor the ever-giggling chambermaid, nor the governess.They were sitting together, gossiping, and happier than ever.But I had lost my dearest, whilst the others had won an"evening off."A few days ago at the nightly hour of 2 o'clock in themorning, I stood in front of the house. I was looking up atthe dark windows" in the second story. Here then at aboutthe same quiet hour, had lain my beautiful mother in inde- scribable pain, and had brought me into the world. I seemedmy first whinin£- 1 saw mother exhausted to death,fulfilling her duty towards life. I was there, too. The faithof my being was irrevocable. I hollowed, but the midwifemost likely said: "Oh! What healthy lungs!" Now I amstanding herein front of these windows at the same hourof the night and seem to hear again mother's moaning. I ambald-headed and pretty well demoralized and forty-eightyears of age, and didn t succeed in anything, notwithstanding my wonderful talents.Mother is dead. Nothing is left of her. She has vanishedfrom the world and will never come back again. She gaveto me a healthy body, intelligence and a soul. And so shefulfilled, ideally, her duties as a mother.May she sleep peacefully. . . . To Fourteenth Street —Tarleton Winchester Thou art the boundary lineBetween those that are and think they are,Those that are not and think they are,Those that are and think they art not,And those that are not and do not think at all. The Perfect Book Richard Aldington ""pHERE could be no greater distinction for an author thanto produce a book which everybody disliked. Such abook would be either a work of genius or a mass of putre- faction; probably the latter; but in any case it would be adistinction.Literature is far too democratized; everybody -eads andnearly everybody writes. A book, however good, i.s boundto please somebody; there are snobs who will like a bookmerely because they do not understand it. To please is now- adays too facile a conquest. I dream of the perfect bookwhich would disgust not only the Society for the Preventionof Cruelty to Morals and the worm-eaten jackals of thePress, but one's nearest friends and the masters whom onereveres.One would even be disgusted with it oneself—supremetriumph! Via the Egoist, London Passing Paris Muriel Cielkovska. April 15th, 1916.it may sometimes be the outcome of lackof confidence, indifference to popularity is always es- timable albeit the qualities it evinces may be of a negativeorder. It may sometimes be due to unintelligibility, which inits turn may proceed from (1) of course, a superior intellectwhose workings are beyond immediate reach; (2) from anatural idiosyncracy; (3) from the use of drugs (as inRaimbaud); (4) from affectation, it being almost impossibleto distinguish the last-named category with certainty. M.Sebastien Voirol, by whom we give one of the most lucidof the poems he sent in his La Feuille de Laurier Tricoloremais Verte (sic) to soldiers at the front, does not, I believe, intend deliberately to puzzle. In his estimation, literature,his literature, at least, occupies an ornamental plane. Aliterature condescending to be easily decipherable is to him,I fancy, a literature of utility, domestic, and of a low order,a literature of the streets, not literature, therefore, but merelywriting. He has, apparently, come to use words in someparallel, rather than in their direct, sense. Mallarme's mosthermetic pages must be M. Voirol's pet delectation.- Allhis work, whether in poetry or in prose (L'Eden, Auguraleset Talismans, Les Sandales au.x Larmes), is written with theloftiest disregard for conventional coherence, but always witha species of literary gentility which commands admirationand sympathy. It is possible that words have some mysticsignificance for M. Voirol, to which he has the key; it ispossible that to him they are images in themselves; it ispossible that to him they have a life outside and beyond theirmeanings; it is possible he condenses and triturates 'anddilutes them till he reaches their soul and spirit, and it isthese he distils for us. It is possible that, like many analchemist of old, his labour is futile of results, and that heexpects more of language, as they did often of their chemi- cals, than it can give. . . . It is possible, on the otherhand, that it does open on to a new world, or at least on toone of which he has the intuition and vision—it is possibleit opens on to nothing. At all events it opens on to nothingthat is vulgar or commonplace and certainly on to somethingthat is distinguished in its singularity. M. Voirol's respectof language must be respected, his tenacity to his convictionsadmired, his desire of the decorative eminently approved of.M. Sebastien Voirol is the Secretary-founder of the Anglo-French Literary Bureau, to which reference has been madein these columns as aiming at establishing a link betweenFrench and British literary circles. Extract from a letter to the London Egoist Appropriate Names In looking over an old New York Almanac, a curiousgentleman found the following names, than which it wouldbe difficult to imagine any more admirably adapted to theprofessions or trades of the persons by whom they wereborne. Dunn, a tailor; Giblett and Bull, butchers; Truefit,a wigmaker; Cutmore, an eating-house keeper; Boilet, a fish- monger; Rhackem, an attorney; Whippy, a saddler; Breadcut,a baker; Coldman, an undertaker, Wicks, a tallow-chandler;and Bringlow, an apothecary. Epitaphs in a Connecticut Churchyard (The wife dies.)Weep not for me, my husband dear—I am not dead, but sleeping here.(The husband dies)*Your husband dear has ceased to weep,And here with you will lie and sleep. Sons of Great Fathers: Siegfried Wagner Perhaps QNCE in olden times, so it is writ, there was a King ofthe East who possessed a copy of each of the knownbooks of the world. Being a\busy monarch, what with hiswars and his many affairs of state, the King felt the need ofa condensed compendium of the learning contained in hislibrary for his own private use, and ordered his wise men toprepare it. In twenty years' time they brought him an ency- clopedia which twenty camels might carry. But the Kinghad not time to read so much as that. The wise men laboredafresh reducing the matter to what one camel might carry.But still the monarch demurred. "Take it, and put it intothe least possible compass," said he; "I am now old and mustpossess this knowledge in a form that I may take it in aglance." Then, at last, his worthy servants came to himbearing a simple leaf of the papyrus upon which was written:This is the history of mankind: They were born; theysuffered; and they died. And the quintessence of all science,of all knowledge, is this: Perhaps. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Tokai A GLASS of thy reviving gold to me,Whether or no my dreamy soul be sad,Brings souvenirs of lovely Vienna, gladIn her eternal summer-time to be!I hear in joyous trills, resounding free,The waltzes that the German fairies badeThe souls of Strauss and Lanier, music mad,Compose, to set the brains of worlds aglee.And in the Sperl, dreaming away the sweetOf pleasant life, and finding it all praise,Dead to the past and scorning Death's surprise,I see in calm felicity completeSome fair Hungarian Jewess on me gazeWith the black glory of Hebraic eyes! Rum Punch "T'HE world to give thee lasting fame combinesJamaica sends thee sugar cane, o'er seas;And pungent spices from the Antilles,Lend thee the perfumes of the southern vines.France gives the crimson sorcery of her wines,Mongolia lavishes her yellow teas,And to endower thee with rare mysteries,Sicily yields her lemons and sweet pines.Thou dost recall to me days debonair,And visions of the Quarter Latin, where,Chatting around thy bluish spectral lightInsouciant students and alert grisettesDrank thee while puffing regie cigarettes,Mocking with merry song the startled night! Wilde's Masterpiece G. B. THERE is one book Oscar Wilde gave to the world, andthat alone is worth more than all that a hundred othersdid. This is "The Picture of Dorian Grey." Just abstractfrom the plot and read for the sake of the beauty of eachsentence and of the beauty expressed in each sentence. Iknow it is a revelation to almost everybody who really readsit. I have given this book to ever so many men and womenwho didn't know it, and I know I gave them a new valuefor their lives. The English is masterful. The situationpictures and the scenery, unsurpassed, and what a wealth ofnew worlds—of unknown worlds of beauty to the averagebeing. There he mentions rare and wonderful books, of whose existence very few know; you receive a lecture aboutbrocades, about old paintings, about flowers, about gems.The inside decorator and the landscape architect find herewonderful ideas and suggestions. The student of sociologyreceives good tips for practical studies. The vainness of reallife is painted with the same vivid colors as the shallownessof society life and the idle passing of days of the rich. Thewoman-hater will find very few points to change his mind,and he who believes and trusts in the female sex implicitlywill see sights of womankind he has never observed before.This is a real book. It is a masterpiece—in every wordunsurpassed by any fiction in the English language. If hehad never written another line this book would have madehim immortal. It is so sane and so perverted, so healthyand so morbid, so cruel and so tender, so full of light andfull of darkness; it is throbbing, unconstrained, real, real life. Books and Magazines of the Week Magazines Galore fHE year nineteen-sixteen will be known to the historianof American literature as the one blessed with many newmagazines. In New York in Chicago, in St. Louis, in KansasCity and in little places of whose existence we never evendreamt, they have been born. Eighty-four are lying beforeme, all in the early teens. Names? What do they matter? Allof them have one aim—to redeem suppressed voices. Someacknowledge frankly being ''one-man" magazines. They wantto run a hole into the universe. Poor lads! They will finda hole in their pockets and a roof over their enthusiasm.Instead of looking through the roofless house of a beautythirsty soul to the skies and to the stars—and might it beonly one star, framed by a hall-room window—they willdroop their heads and try to adjust the price they must payfor their venture. If they only see the humorous side of it,the}' will get a bushel of fun in return for every dollar andevery wasted printed page.They there are others who desire to run competition withestabhsned periodicals of good standing. They pride them- selves in having won "big names" for their initial issue.And then there are others who simply had to do it, theycouldn t help to gather a basketful of love and beauty and de- and distribute it among those that wish tohave it. They know it won't last long but it means life to themas long as it lasts. And they are the men who will eventuallyfail in their venture, but they will come back and vyiM comeback again-And if considerable time elapses and you fail to hear fromthem, you fail to see a new venture of theirs, you can take itfor granted that they are not among the living, that theyhave passed to happier hunting-grounds—where there are noprinter bills to pay, where one does not need to settle ac- counts with paper mills.Significant for the endeavors of publishers in America halfa century ago is the publisher's note that appears at the con- clusion of the first volume of Putnam's Magazine, published1853 by the since befamed Putnam &amp; Company, of New York."Although before publishing our prospectus, we made sureof abundant literary help, and gave the names of many of thedistinguished writers who had assured us of their heartysympathy, and promised us contributions, yet our convictionwas that our best aid would come from Young America,whose name had not yet been announced on Magazine covers.And so we determined not to give the names of the con- tributors to our Monthly, that each article might stand onits own merits, and the young unknown be presented tothe public on a perfect equality with the illustrious con- tributor whose name, alone, would give him an audience;for, in literature, the new-comer is always treated as an intruder.By this course we missed the clipping of hands and bravoswhich we might have commanded by announcing the namesof some of our contributors, but we are so satisfied withthe result of the experiment that we shall adhere to the rulehereafter.Perhaps it is worth while to exhibit some of the mysteriesof Magazine-making, and let our countrymen know how muchintellectual activity contributors, four hundred and eighty- nine articles, the greater part from writers wholly unknownbefore. . ... Every article that we have published hasbeen paid for at a rate which their writers have thought"liberal," all have been original, the product of Americanpens and with one exception, we believe that all were writtenfor our columns."(Publishers of our age! Go! and do likewise!) Liars Pearl." A WARM July evening in the little park near the railroadstation. Half an hour before the arrival of the Twen- tieth Century Limited. Under a wide-spreading-tree Pearland Bill nestled in the shadow of darkness^Pearl embraces Bill gently, tenderly, clings to him, kisseshis lips and eyes repeatedly. From a nearby amusement parkthe sound of music borne by the wind. And now, clearly dis- tinguished the strain:"Glow, little glow-worn, glimmer, glimmer "V. , ' v-. M "Bill," sobs Pearl, "if you ever hear this strain again, re- member me and our parting of to-day."(Sobbing softly). "I cannot live without you . . . Let me go with you . . . .Take me with you.""Be sensible, Pearl," Bill persuades."You can't leave your mother just now and I have to goback to that miserable little city. How unhappy you wouldbe out there if I couldn't always be with youf"And you know I could not."Come, sweetheart, walk over with me to the train so Imay have you until the last second and at Christmas timeI'll come again."That is not far off. Just five months."And we'll write to each other and forget each other."Won't you. Pearl, my darling, my only one?"And he kisses her in the shadows of the trees. The iaroff music plays: -"Glow, little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer—"She goes with him, step by step, to the ticket office, to thebaggage agent, to the station platform, to the door of thecoach.A last embrace-.The train begins to move.Pearl waves with the tear-wet handkerchief and the musicplays:I J.ywo days later in the city.Bill lounges on the couch of his hotel room. Nestled upto him—Mae. Her black hair is disheveled. The brown, hazeleyes are laughing. The little white teeth, the fresh red lips,the dimples in the cheek—-everybody cheer and happiness.And she kisses him again and again: "Finally you camelI didn't'know what to do with myself in that lonely, lone- some town and so I came up here to meet you. And to- morrow we shall travel home together and if the sun shinesas today it will be glorious!""Billy, my Billy " She kisses him madly. And fromthe dining room through the open window of the hotel roomthere sounds:JN the parlor of Pearl's mother.It is evening. The light is not turned on.Pearl leans against the window sill.At her side—Arthur—cheek against cheek."Your mother stays away long today and in the meantimeI can caress . . . can kiss you."And he kisses her: "Do you really care for me?"If you could only feel how I love you, Pearl, my darling'"And you really love me?". And she throws her arms about his neck and she looksinto his eyes and whispers in his ear and kisses him. And inthe adjoining room her sister plays on the piano:"Glow, little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer—" The One Missive TWO days later, Pearl receives a postal from Bill."Dearie:—I am sitting alone in the desolate hotelwaiting for the train that will take me farther away from youagain. Downstairs in the dining room the music plays."Glow, little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer—"I think of you and write it to you. Your Bill." The Other Missive AND among the mail awaiting him, Bill found a little letter."Billy Dear:—You have been away two days and itseems an eternity to me. In the adjoining room my sisteris playing on the piano. She plays: )("Glow, little glow-worm, glimmer, glimmer—She doesn't know how that air tortures me and quicklyI have to write to you. I think of you and love you. Thoughts on Suicide—II By Martin Brown Jumping From a Height Vf/HAT loathsome spirit put this in my mind?What devil of delirium drives me soThat up, and up, on any path I findStumbling along, my weary footsteps go?Now-—now—at last I see my horrid goalA sickening, dizzy drop to where below,A zigzag path winds down a stony knoll.Did I leave there a century ago?I cannot help it, have no strength to fightThe tentacles that draw me on and on,They say that after all one dies of frightThat in the whistling iar all sense is gone.And yet I fear that I shall live to knowThat hideous impact where the rocks are grey.A ghastly suction draws me from below—It is of fate, and this the fatal way. Drowning T GIVE myself abandoned to your armsEcstatic, free, to do with as you will.In blissful trust I feel your cool embrace &lt;Nor fear your cryptic eyes so dark and still.And when they find me sleeping on your breastSmothered with kisses, that you loved me so,With tears they'll murmur—"drowned"—nor understandWhat only God and you and I can know. Roma Lucida By Henri Fumet Translated from, the French for Bruno's Weekly by Renee Lacoste.Dear God, promise me death, that I may tastelife. Dear God, give me remorse, that I maytaste pleasure. Dear God, make me the equalof the daughters of Eve.(Prayer of Leila, daughter of Lilith.)—Anatole France. QHE was a strange, little girl. He followed her for, awhile through the dark streets where she seemed lost.Then he spoke to her:"Pardon me, little lady; don't I know you?""Upon my word, sir, I know nothing about it, but Ihardly believe it.""Now I know you."She laughed."What is your name?""Roma Lucida."He was startled."It is true? That's really your name? Can there be awoman who is called that . . . Permit me to salute you.You give me a great deal of pleasure, you don't realize howmuch.""I am well aware that I have an original name, but noone has ever complimented me about it in such a fashion.""Just fancy . . . To find on the pavement of a city,in the dust of the setting sun, a little girl like you, witheyes like yours, with hair like this, it is so rare! . . . Andif you bear the name of the eternal city, who can renderhomage to your true worth! . . . Why do you have sucha name?""My father was of Italian descent. He always wanteda daughter so he could call her Roma, wishing her name tobe a beautiful phrase." ' "Your father must have been very intelligent?""He wrote books which never were printed. He spokeFrench and Italian, and thoroughly understood bothlanguages. But he preferred French because of its monotonecadence and because he abhorred the accent of tones. Thusit was that he pronounced my name slowly, holding all thesyllables as if singing it; when people pronounced it afterthe Italian fashion, only sounding the o and the -1, it wasa real pain to him; he said they disfigured me."While she was speaking, he was looking at her eyes, tryingto discover their real shade; he admired her hands and herankles. Her whole body was as harmonious as a poem.She bore the impediment of modern dress with the grace of3. poplsr tree."Oh, Roma Lucida! How much you please me. Do youknow I was wandering about the streets like a lost soulthat you hase resurrected me? You have performed a gooddeed. I hope you aren't going to send me away now?"You will have to leave, though." ."Why? . . . You are about to reply with a platitudeand I will be obliged to answer you in the same fashion. Youdon't know me; neither do I know you. I would hardly beable to recognize you in a crowd a month from now. Come,give me your arm. We are going to walk by the settingsun telling each other stories."Willingly the little girl put her hand on the arm of hernew friend. It was thus they became acquainted.They strolled around all evening in the dusk. Then theysaid farewell. He kissed her wrist above the glove. Shebegan to laugh, as she had never been kissed in this waybefore."Promise to come to see me!""I promise." The whole number of Bruno's Weekly for Saturday, May13th, 1916, will be devoted to Frank Harris: What hemeans to the literature of the world and his particularinfluence upon the young writers and artists of America. THE MEXICAN BORDERA POEM BY CHARLES EDISON250 Copies Printed; 11 . ■ ,at 27 Cents Each. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSMm SlMtnMI BmIu, luly PrintM Book*. Imilittia BmIniBootes for Christmas Gifts/)ilnflr or ta acta for psoplo who havo neither tlms Mr oypMNtvnlir to Mlwt for thamaalraa, or for thoao who haro not mo«w to tftfc.fesst hook mart*. Why not hofia collecting aowfI ■ • , . ■ • • 'Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. I BUY BOOKSSin|b Tolumsi, small lots, and libraries; ratopripkletters of known literary men and artists, drawings*pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Car* of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 41*9 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookI N W H I C Hnae say just what not think. Published every month bp Norman-BelGeddes at 7$6 Second Avenue in Detroit&gt; Michigan, It it a littlebook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. CHARLES ICF.FJ.FRIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'*Sons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates fotCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 20th Street New York City Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Cuidlo Bruno, ManagerThis Week's PerformancesThursday, 8:45 p. m. MusicalsFriday, - 8:45 p. m. MusicalsSaturday, 8:45 p. at. Musical** '&gt;Ask or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. CIRCULATING LIBRARY OF FRENCH NOVELSEUREKA BOOK SHOP15 Bible HouseAfttor Place, Cor. 3rd Ave., New York. Facing Cooper UnionBOOKLOVERS AND COLLECTORS ARE WELCOME $4ISPadeBooKorous .India* Vferse withwood cover—price 40$s®Oneof themost uniquePapers t/&gt;1.Published -Per Copy,IOCfomes-32.-/? Booft of Verse —25$E&amp;rl H&gt; Erotnons, 311 V/.46 St.. New YorltCitY There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNnmber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, with ourcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stujrcsant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison