Bruno's Weekly 1 13 October 14th, MCMXV naaq_1915-10-14_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 13 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THE STRANGER Charles Baudelaire cre 2 Greenwich Village Days of Poe 2-4 113 Carmine Street Illustration 3 130 Greenwich Street, (1844) Illustration 4 Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 5 Children's Hour on the Square 5-6 Illinois Singer of the Civil War in the Thimble Theatre 6-7 Mrs. Elizabeth Payton Illustration 7 Books and Magazines of the Week 8-9 In Our Village 9-11 Untitled Image Illustration 10 The Lamp Is Out Edward Storer cre 11 Sermon on the Mountain After the Dutch of Multatuli, by Guido Bruno cre 12-13 The Window Charles Baudelaire cre 13 Alligators' Grins D. Molby cre 13-14 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 14-15 Richard Wagner — Egoist Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUARE-4* iFive Cents October 14th, 1915 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 13 OCTOBER 14th, MCMXV Vol.l Copyright 1915 by Guido {Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (Concluded) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (to be continued.) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison; Editedand written by Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square, New YorkCity. Subscription $1 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. THE STRANGER Charles Baudelaire "Whom lovest thou the best, enigmatical man, say, thy father,thy mother, thy sister or thy brothert""I have neither father, nor mother, nor sister, nor brother.""Thy friends?""You use there a word whose sense has to this day remainedunknown to me.""Thy fatherland?""I know not in what latitude it is situated""Beauty?""I would fain love it, godlike and immortal.""Gold?""I hate it as you hate God.""Eh? What lovest thou, then, extraordinary stranger?""I love the clouds . . . the clouds that pass . . . over there . . .. . .the marvelous clouds!" Greenwich Village Days of Poe 113 Carmine Street 130 Greenwich Street, (1844) New York was a much younger city than it is, whenit was well within bounds oil the lower part of the islandof Manhattan, long before there was a thought that it wouldoverspread the island, jump over a stream and go wandering upthe mainland, overleap a river and go spreading over anotherisland to the sea,—long before the time when these things cameto be, there lay scattered in several directions on the island ofManhattan and dotting the rolling country land beyond, severaltiny villages. These were Harlem, and Yorkville, and Odellville,and Bloomingdale, and Chelsea, and Greenwich. The last wasthe hamlet closest to the city. Quaint and curious, it spread itsscattered way along the Hudson River where houses had beenset up according to the needs and vagaries of men on roadsnatural and unplanned. When the city grew larger and finallyswept around Greenwich Village, the roads becoming city streets,the village continued a labyrinthian way, where strangers wan- dered and were lost before they knew it. In the very core of this old-time Greenwich section and atthe very place where the streets are so tangled, so irregular,so crooked, so often no thoroughfare, so winding that theyseem to be seeking out the old farm-houses which they led toin early days, there is a pretty little playground for children.This Hudson Park is an open spot with green lawns and marblewalks and a tall iron fence surrounding it; quite a model parkwith everything about fresh, and new, and modern. It is sovery new and so very neat and so very clean that one wouldnot look there for old-time flavor. But curiously enough onething about it seems out of tone. On the green lawn is amonument old and faded which, in an effort to match it withits natty surroundings, has been set upon a base of glisteningwhite marble. The monument is a sort of key for the anti- quarian, for without it this playground in its spick-and-span new- ness might not be readily identified as the old St. John's Bury- ing-Ground, where once stood the accumulated tombstones ofmore than fourscore years, until they were swept away andburied as deep as those whose memories they marked. A newgeneration tramples in and romps over the new park, with noknowledge or thought of what is below the surface.The graveyard of St. John's was a quiet, restful place in aquiet, restful locality in the year 1837, when Edgar Allan Poehad a habit of wandering through it. In that year Poe livedwithin a few steps of the burial-ground in a modest wooden housethat was numbered 113 Carmine Street. He was then in histwenty-eighth year, had published three volumes of poems, andhad written some short stories and criticisms. He had but just given up the editorship of the Southern Literary Messenger atRichmond, a position he had secured through the friendship ofJohn P. Kennedy, who had been his friend in his early strugglesin Baltimore and who was to continue a friend to him throughall his life. In 1832 Poe had first met him, when Kennedy waswriting Swallow Barn. Afterwards Kennedy wrote HorseshoeRobinson and other books before abandoning literature for poli- tics and, in time, becoming Secretary of the Navy.So Poe came to New York, and with him Virginia, his childwife, who was already marked a victim of consumption, andthere in the Carmine Street house they lived. Sometimes shewalked with her sombre-faced husband through the near-byburying-ground, but more often she sat at an upper windowfrom which she could watch him on his ramble. In the samehouse lived William Gowans the bookseller of Nassau Street;and there Poe did work for the New York Quarterly Review;there also he finished The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym.In another house, some little distance away but in a directcourse up Carmine Street, in Sixth Avenue close by WaverlyPlace, Poe lived for a short time, but long enough to write TheFall of the House of Usher and some magazine work, whenhe went to Philadelphia to The Gentleman's Magazine, editedby William E. Burton, the famous comedian. Oddly enough,when Burton died years afterwards, he found a resting placein the obscure St. John's Burying-Ground.Charles Hemstreet in "Literary New York" Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Char- les Edison's Little Thimble Theatre Twoplaylets, miniature scenes, as musical and lyric as therustling of the leaves of the old oak tree at some romanticinn, heard by us as we look up to the moon on a dark bluesky before we close the shutters of our bed-chamber, will beheard on the last three nights of this week in Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre. They are by Austin Dobson, containedin that rarest of his books, printed in New York in 1878, andout of print for years: "Proverbs in Porcelain.""Secrets of the Heart" is as delicate as Meissen porcelainAn evening in a convent garden. Two pupils of the conventschool under the old whispering trees in the moonlit, evening.Fairy tales seem to float through the atmosphere. The starsglitter a longing, a curious sentimentality, and the two girlsin their modest cloister habit exchange confidence. sweetconfidences of innocence. And the lights in the dormitories areextinguished gradually . . . they have to hurry to their bed- rooms . . . hush . . hush ... all is over.Marjorie Tucker and Wreith Maclntyre will play the partsin this playlet as well as in "Good-Night, Babette."Songs by Belle Menard, the promising composer who recentlycame from Boston to make her home in New York, will besung by Miss Mary Breedon, Miss Menard will be at the piano.Among the other numbers which complete the program _isselection No. 3of American Singers on the Diamond Disc. MissMarie Kaiser, the American church and concert soprano willbe heard. The selection includes "Italian Street Songs" byHerbert, Carroll-Robyn's "My Dream of Dreams," and "PoorWandering One," from Gilbert Sullivan's "Pirates of Penzance."The performance of last week gave the audience a chance tohear two of the most promising composers and virtuosos atpresent in New York. Mr. Gabriele del Orbe's "Faust Fantasie'on his wonderful violin was a tune painting of perfect beauty.He seems to vitalize his violin. His instrument has a voicewhich speaks to us freed of mechanical bonds.Xavier Dimarias de Mendizabal played his own compositionson the*piano. His "Habarera" is a revelation of Cuban life, andhis "Fantasia" sparkling with the love of life. Children's Hour on the Square and crisp is it now and only few are the children playingon the Square. Their mothers or governesses find it toocold to sit on the benches and watch them play. And just at thistime of the year they should be kept as much as possible in theopen air. The furnaces are being started in the apartment andfiat houses and the stoves being put into service again after a rest of six months. Not always do they work smoothly fromthe start. And especially the children of the tenement housesfind it sticky and stuffy at home when the heating apparatusesare starting to try to do their best.Charles Edison's Children's Hour on Washington Square hada larger attendance during the last weeks than ever before.The number of social workers who are in charge of the exer- cises will be increased in order to enable the formation of moregroups and of more individual attention to each child. Muchmerriment was caused last Saturday by a little French poodle,whose mistress is a very dignified lady, a daily visitor and well- known figure to the Square. While she was taking her prom- enade on the main walk, her poodle otherwise well-bred wasobsessed by curiosity and hurried, using an unobserved moment,to the ring of spectators which usually encircles the childrenduring the Children's Hour. Dragging the leash behind, hewound his way through the thicket of feet to the DiamondDisc and all inducements of his mistress to regain his possessionseemed in vain. He wasn't barking either. He just was sittingattentively to the music watching the quickly-moving dancingchildren and evidently enjoying the music. It was a happyoccasion to tell a story, to tell of Orpheus, who charmed withhis play even animals and trees. The dignified lady decided tomake allowance for the musical inclination of her pet and evenset aside sufficient of her dignity to fondle a little tot whohadn't found a partner and was looking disappointedly at thedancers. Illinois Singer of the Civil War in theThimble Theatre Mrs. Elizabeth Payton AMONG those composers who have taken advantage ofCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre is Mrs. ElieabethPayton, a very old lady, who has written poetry and songssince her early childhood. Her son called at the theatre to sub- mit the songs of his mother. He has seen three score yearspass, and the fourth, upon which he has just entered, foundhim as rugged and healthy as could be.Mrs. Payton, who lost her husband in the Civil War, was awell-known figure among the Illinios Regiments of Volunteersduring the War of Secession.But here is the story her son told:Those were the stirring times—the Civil War.Only the veterans in age can recall vividly the tense feeling,the pangs, the sad good-byes, the heartaches and tears, the hopesand fears, that pulled at the heart-strings of dear old mothers ushusbands and sons marched off to the call for 600,000 more.Days of anxious waiting for news, nights of prayer, earingfor the babe at her breast and the little tots about her knee,crooning a lullaby when her heart was full to overflowing, steal- ing a kiss as eyelids close, and then pouring out her soul toGod for strength—this was the price many patriotic paid for the preservation of the Union who are now "unwept,unhonored, and unsung.""Mrs. Elizabeth Payton of Illinois was one of these. Bornin Kentucky, Oct. 18, 1833, she loved the Stars and Stripes.Aflame with the Union sentiments she wrote patriotic songs forhusband and brothers at the front. Many were written at therequest of captains in the army and read to the Union soldiersin the field. Among these were: the Copperheads, The LincolnProclamation, Going to Richmond, Marching Along, GiantOur Union Hero, etc.Some were written at the request of neighbors for homesongs"—others in honor of home-coming soldiers, while some ofher most touching songs were dedicated to a sorrowing wifeor mother who had lost a husband or son on the battle-field.Though but a little tot of four years, well do I rememberhow the tears streamed from dear mother's eyes when I toldher to "call papa and then he will come home." # #She hushed her emotion in the sound of the spinning wheeland far into the night went the clink, clink of her knittingWhen all was still came her inspiration, and her sweetestmelodies blended with the night winds that rocked her punymansion. . _Mrs. Elizabeth Payton is still living and her volume of WarSongs in her own hand writing has never been published.Only one, The Lincoln Proclamation, has appeared in print andeven this one has never yet been sung to an audience. Books and Magazines of the Week Dame Rogue Pleasant and amusing is Allen Norton's "Rogue." DameRogue's talks on "Philosophical Fashions" are really good, sogood that one wonders that they are written by a contemporary.Dame Rogue includes in her philosophical fashions bath-tubsand breakfast chocolate. Here is the salver with a little appe- tizer. _"The question of bathroom decoration is beginning to lookserious. The idea is even growing popular, and in spite of ourmodern "good taste" isn't there just a chance that bathroomsmay come to have an inherited look at the legitimate offspringof the upholstered bathrooms of old New York: the brocadewalls decorated with Japanese fans and the floors carpeted withrose patterned carpets and the fixtures made to look as littlelike what they were intended for as possible?" Bruno's Garret Publications The current issue of "Greenwich Village" contains two poemsby Aubrey Beardsley and many of his drawings. They are re- prints, but from scarce editions, not easily accessible and prohibi- tively expensive.The October issue of Bruno Chap Books is Sadakichi Hart- mann's "Permanent Peace: Is it a Dream?" The Novemberissue contains a sketch of the life of John Addington Symondsby his life-long friend, Charles Kains-Jackson.Another Bruno's Garret publication is Charles Edison's poem,"The Mexican Border." It is a strong picture of a mountaineerof the West, of a man whose dictionary does not contain theword "self-sacrifice." It is grotesque and carries a message thateverybody feels. The wordless suffering of the wife and motherand her strength and her love are so different from that ofher husband. Mr. Fowler's Miscellany (Kansas City) An interesting feature in the October number is an accountof the Count Fortsas Library hoax perpetrated in Belgium afew decades ago. There was supposed to be an old Count livingin his chateau near the town of Binche, who had devoted hiswhole life to the collection of absolutely unique books. Hefound a catalogue of them, in all 222 items, but by the time ofhis death the process of eliminating every book from his librarythat he found anyone else possessing a copy or knowledge of,left only the fourth part of his library, which part was cata- logued and advertised to be sold at auction. As may well beimagined, consternation reigned supreme among the bibliophilesof London and Paris. Catalogues were sent to all of themseparately and everyone awaited the date of the sale with breath- less anticipation. Many of the book collectors would not entrust their commissions to booksellers and so prepared for thejourney to the little town on the appointed day. They tookvarious roundabout ways out of Paris and London but all metin the little coach in which they had to travel the last part oftheir journey. Upon arriving at Binche imagine their chagrinupon hearing the announcement that there would be no sale forthe reason that the public library of the little town had con- sidered it advisable to purchase the library en bloc as a memor- ial to the late Count.The account of the hoax together with a list and descriptionof the books in the auction catalogue and translations of theold bibliomaniac's remarks upon the various items is a supple- ment to the article in"The Miscellany." The story will be ofgreat interest, no small part of which centers in the list ofbooks, as we are informed that but two copies of the originalcatalogue are owned in America and some of the books arerather racy. In Our Village The little colony of architects who make their home on Wash- ington Square, the capital of our Village, was enlarged recentlyby Mr. Butterfield, who moved down to old-famous 43 to thosememorable quarters where Rev. Bouck White established hisChurch of the Revolution, and where John Reed used to livebefore he had achieved his present glory. And talking aboutarchitects on the Square, the most curious collection, of booksis owned by one of them, by Mr. Rayne Adams. How divergentthe interests of men can be is often very puzzling. Mr. Adams,an old book-worm, lover of rare bindings and connoisseur ofout-of-the-way things, is especially interested in two kinds ofliterature which have about as much in common as night andday. One of his hobbies is forestry in America, and he collectseverything on this subject from an annual report of the Agri- cultural Department to the privately printed book on some scarcespecies of tree which are for some reason or another on thedying-out list. His other hobby is books on all subjects butwritten by authors who are slightly demented. A ramble amongthese books divulges the most curious-looking shapes, pageswhich are printed upside down and others in diagonal form,bindings which seem impossible, not to speak about the con- tents themselves. Mr. Adams lives in the Benedick, on the eastside of the Square, in the very first building Stanford Whitedesigned at the start of his career.Some years ago the patricians of MacDougal Alley wanted tochange its name. They thought MacDougal and the Alleyplebian, so they proposed to call it Boticelli Lane. There was amurmur of protest voiced by the members of the colony ofartists who made their homes there, and the proposition to callthe alley Boticelli Lane was vetoed, and since then just plainMacDougal has proved good enough for the name of the mainstreet in Greenwich Village. Among the first colonists to pitch their camp in the Alleywere Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Willard Deming, who are perhapsbest known for their knowledge of the American Indian.They arrived in the Alley about ten years ago, and are knownto their friends as the "Eight Bears." Their studio has beennamed the "Lodge of the Eight Bears," and incidentally thelatch of the Lodge is always hanging out. On Saturday night, artists, writers, poets and explorers as- semble at the hospitable "Lodge of Eight Bears" to exchangeideas and relate stories of adventure. It is a gathering-place forpeople who do things, and you are welcome there, more thanwelcome, particularly if you are among those that live and knowwhat they live for.For some years Mr. Deming has been negotiating with theAmerican Museum of Natural History, with a view to paintinga series of panels depicting the Indian life of the West, andrecently arrangements have been consummated whereby the artistis enabled to proceed with his work, which eventually will beplaced in the Indian Hall of the Museum.Two of these preliminary sketches are already completed, andwill form part of the series of eight panels.The first panels are pictures of the Blackfeet and GroventeIndian.Mr. Anton Hellmann decided to give in addition to his regularcourse in interior decorating a series of lectures in the evening.This is the first time that a theoretical and practical course ininterior decorating has been accessible for those who are oc- cupied during day hours. Bruno's Garret Nine portraits of contemporaries by Oskar Kokoschka andeleven illustrations to scenes of his dramas are on exhibitionin Bruno's Garret. Wood-cuts by Jacoba van Heemskerck arealso tacked to the walls.On Saturday afternoon at three o'clock will be a poetry read- in and everybody is a welcome visitor.Every Monday evening at 8 o'clock, an informal gatheringof all kinds of specimens of the genus homo. The Lamp Is Out Edward Storer. The lamp is out, the house is still,The men have gone away;Unshepherded upon the hillsThe sheep take their own way.The corn is stirring in the earth,And spring will soon be here,But those who sowed may never reapThe wheat they set last year.The old giandmother sits aloneIn the dark house and prays,And silently the long nights passAnd evenly the days. Winchester, spring 1915. Sermon on the Mountain After the Dutch of Multatuli, by Guido Bruno J-JIGH, high up in the air floated a butterfly. He was enjoyinghis beauty and his liberty, and above all things, he indulgedhappily in viewing all that was lying beneath him."Come on high up here .... come up to the heights!" heseemed to call down to his brothers flying from flower to flowerfar beneath him."Oh, no, we are drinking honey and we are going to stayright down here!""O, if you only knew how wonderful it is to overlook every- thing, O come, try to come!""Are there flowers up there too that we can drink honey from,which we must have in order to live?""From here you can see all the flowers, and just think thepleasure. ...""Do you have honey up there?"No, it is true, honey was not up there. The poor butterflywho disdained to live far below grew tired. . . .But he tried to remain in the heights. He found that it wasso beautiful to be able to perceive everything, to take it in atone glance.But honey . . . honey? . . . No, honey was not up there.And he grew weak, the poor butterfly. The flapping of hiswings grew languid. And he went downwards and overlookedgradually less and less. Nevertheless he did his best.No, it didn't go! He sank. .. ."Well, well, here you are!" exclaimed the brothers. "Whatdid we tell you? So finally you do come to suck honey fromthe flowers, just as we do. We knew it well!"So exclaimed the brothers and were glad because they hadbeen right . . . even only because they never felt the longingfor the beautiful up in the heights."Now come quickly and suck honey with us!"And the butterfly sank deeper and deeper . . . and still hewanted to . . . there were blooming bushes ... if he could yetreach them? . . . He no longer sank . . he fell! He fell rightnext to the bushes, in the roadway . . .And here a jack-ass trampled on him. II JJIGH, high up in the air floated a butterfly. He was enjoyinghis beauty and his liberty, and above all things, he indulgedhappily in viewing all that was beneath him.He called to his brothers that they too should come up, butthey refused to do so, because they didn't want to leave thehoney which they had in plenty below.But he didn't wish to stay below, because he was afraid ofbeing trampled upon by coarse hoofs.In the meantime, as he had the same requirements for honey as all other butterflies, he flew to a mountain where beautifulflowers grew, and which was too steep for the jack-ass.Joyfully he fluttered around, refreshed himself with honey andwas thankful that he didn't need to fly below. And if he sawthat one of his brothers below came all too near to the roadwaywhere so many fallen butterflies are tramped upon, he tried towarn them as well as he could through movements of his wings.But nobody paid any attention to him. His brothers belowdid not see the butterfly upon the mountain at all, because theywere occupied exclusively with collecting honey in the valley andbecause they did not know that flowers grew, too, high on themountain. The Window By Charles Baudelaire HE who looks from the outside into an open window neversees as many things as he who looks at a closed window.There is no object more deep, more mysterious, more dreamful,more tenebrous, more dazzling, than a window lighted by acandle. What one can see in full sunlight is always less interest- ing than what passes behind a pane. In that black and luminoushole life lives, life dreams, life suffers.Beyond the billowy roofs I see a woman of middle age,already wrinkled, poor, always leaning over something, andnever going out. From her features, from her dress, from hergestures, from a mere nothing, I have imagined the story ofthat woman, or rather her legend, and sometimes I recite it tomyself and weep.If it had been a poor old man, I would have imagined hitlegend quite as easily.And I retire, proud of having lived and suffered in othersthan myself.Perhaps you will tell me: "Art thou sure that thy legend isthe true one?" What matters the reality outside of me, if ithas helped me to live, to feel that I am and what I am! Alligators' Grins By D. Molby fHE alligator makes it a habit after he has had enough toeat to go up on the bank and watch what is go»ng on. Hefaces the water and with one eye to the left and the other tothe right takes in the whole situation, and if another alligatorcomes up he will know it.He is perfectly content to lie in one place for hours. Hejust lies there and thinks and grins. He feels that he is suffi- cient unto himself and disdains the whole creation. None ofthe other creatures interest him unless it is one that he cancatch and eat. He isn't afraid of anything because there isn't anything that can penetrate him except lightning, and he doesn'tknow that it can, so he isn't afraid of it. But he wants to belet alone and has found out that by grinning and keeping hiseyes open wide he can keep everything scared away exceptanother alligator that is bigger than he is.And when he wants to look kind and gentle all he has to dois squint his eyes. This completely changes the appearance ofthe grin and makes a benign face that nobody will mistrust.Thus he manages to attain his purpose in the world and getabout everything he wants. But it is a kind of grim satisfaction.If he only knew, he could change his attitude and would beable to see things in an entirely different light. Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno We talked nearly three hours. Of course she had takenoff her veil and she was the most beautiful thing I ever hadlaid my eyes upon. We decided to get married immediatelyafter I had gotten some clothes for her. I didn't intend tobuy all the things on her list. She could do that herself lateron. We had just decided that the minister of the TwelfthStreet Church should be called upon to perform the marriageceremony, as the door-bell rang. I wondered who it could be.She went hastily into the other room and I opened.It was only the letter carrier. A lot of bills. I just lookedover the bunch. "Ha—what was that? the familiar hand- writing of an art dealer. I opened the envelope. It containeda check, eighty dollars payable to me. It wasn't much to starthousekeeping on but the situation was cleared. "Here, Nora,only the mail carrier," I called. Yes, she had told me her name,and her father's, a very well-sounding name, a name that speltmoney in seven figures. "There are a few formalities I wishyou to do before we start our travel through life," I said,"first of all, put all the money and all the jewelry you havewith you in this big envelope. I'll send it back to your father.I got a check here which will be enough for a starter. It won'tbe a wonderful dress I am going to bring you, but just a plainblack dress your aunt's maid might have worn," and I laughed.I wasn't afraid she would change her mind and even if shewanted to, she couldn't have left the apartment in a decolleteevening gown at eleven o'clock in the morning.First of all I went to the minister and asked him to cometo my apartment at twelve-thirty. Then I got, at the City Hall,a marriage license. Then I went to a department store, boughta suit for twenty-eight dollars and fifty cents, a nightgown,and some toilet articles thought of immediate necessity. I hadthe things wrapped up and took them with me. I went toTiffany's and bought the -plainest and yellowest wedding ringthey have. lam a master at matching colors and surely enough, the ring matched her hair. There was not time to have it en- graved, it could be done later. On my way home, I stoppedat a delicatessen store and ordered a lot of things sent to myapartment. The suit fitted like made to order. There was justone thing that I had overlooked. I called ap the florist andhad him send up the biggest bunch of violets in his store.Nora was carried away by the spirit of her undertaking.She had done her best to transform the picturesque room intoan orderly-looking library, or at least, it looked like one afterit was strongly suggested to me. She had even put some newcoal in the grate and everything was ready for the minister.She seemed so happy, and she called me Jim, and it seemed as ifwe had known each other for years. The minister arrived attwelve-thirty sharp. I went into the next apartment and gota couple of witnesses. We were married inside of the nextfive minutes. I gave the minister ten dollars and asked him ifhe wouldn't perform the office of an angel of peace and delivery.I told him about the jewelry and the several hundred dollarsin the big envelope and asked him to deliver it to my father- in-law, together with our sincerest regards and the invitation totake tea in our apartment at five o'clock. He agreed to helpus to get rid of the valuables and we were left alone.We set the table, took the delicatessen store delicacies outof their wrappers and ate our first meal. We made a lot ofplans for our future life and we were as happy as a couple ofchildren that play husband and wife. She liked my coffeebetter, she said, than any coffee she had ever drunk before in herlife. Father and mother-in-law arrived at five o'clock sharp.The dear old people didn't know how to act in Nora's newresidence. But he was the real father of his daughter. Hewas "game." She, of course, was a little harder to manage,but we hoped the best as we dismissed them about seven o'clock.But both agreed that I did know how to make coffee splendidly.We went out for a walk. Up Fifth Avenue, around UnionSquare with its wretched figures on the benches. On MadisonSquare we sent a long bed line of homeless men to a lodginghouse. We looked at the window displays of the shops onFifth Avenue and turned in on Thirty-fourth Street, passingthe corner where we had "met" yesterday. We stood still fora while and viewed the hustling crowds."What a drama!" I said to her. "Just look at all these menand all these women. They all have a goal. They all wantto reach a destination. And while they are on their way, theyact for us, the bystanders, a real play." Exactly like yesterdaydid she thrust her arm in mine and guided me through thecrowd towards the quieter Sixth Avenue."Don't we have our goal, too, and our destinations?" sheasked. "Didn't we start rather well our performance?"She pressed my arm and we walked briskly home. Richard Wagner — Egoist By Guido Bruno THE world does not accept readily and with open armsprophets of a new creed and apostles of a new art.We want to discover great men after their death.We like to write books about them, about their struggles,about their plans, their hunger and their disappointments.The story of their crucification is the "Open Seasame" tothe publisher's sanctum, to the theatrical manager's lockeddoors and the heart of the masses.Richard Wagner was his own discovery.He knew as an infant that he would "amount to something."As a boy he made up his mind to write the national GermanDrama; and it came like a revelation to the mature man:Germany needs national music and a national opera and I am going to compose it."Wagner knew his value. He was not willing to wait untilrecognition came to him. He did not want to work and toil forthe German nation and leave her his heir.His music needed him as interpreter.He took the scores of his work, repulsed by critics and thepeople at large, in one hand; he took the pen—his powerfulpen which had earned his living—in the other and went outinto the world to fight his battle.He won.In years of hunger and despair he had written his dramasand operas. He devoted years in introducing them to theworld.He forced them on the public at a time they refused torecognize their value.And he finally sold his own products and not for a trifle.He wanted wealth, comfort, luxury. He got them. Whenpeople pay dearly for something, they appreciate it and laudit.He won recognition; he was a friend of kings and princes.All the extravagant luxury he had longed for all his life washis.A temple was built for him in Bayreuth, the national sanctumof the German people, where his German national dramas wereproduced exclusively. Pilgrims from every part of the worldcame yearly to worship at the shrine of the master.And then he died.THEWagners belonged to the middle classes. Duringthree generations they had not been satisfied with theirhumble position in life. Glitter of uniforms,shining parquettedfloors of reception halls and blinking insignia bestowed uponhonored subjects of the kingdom fascinated Richard Wagner'spaternal ancestors. His grandfather, the "Thorschreiber," (anofficial who levied upon all supplies which entered the town)is described in an old chronicle of the city of Leipzig as a man"with attainments in advance of his station." Frederick his father, studied French, and satisfied his hope- less longings for a position in life on the stage. He was a.clever amateur performer and impersonated with preferencepersonages garbed in costly costumes. He offered his servicesto Napoleon's general after the French troops took possessionof the city of Leipzig and carried on the conversation betweenGerman and French officers. He was authorized to reorganizethe city police and he was putin command of the new force.The dream of his life had come true. He wore a brilliant uni- form, he participated in official receptions. A premature deaththen finished his career.Grandmother and Mother Wagner were real German house- wives. The husband was the lord and master. They lookedafter the housework, did their best with the little income theyreceived, listened patiently to dreams they knew never wouldcome true and reared children.Richard was the youngest of nine. He was conceived andborn at the time when every woman and every man in Germanyfelt the yoke of the Napoleonic regime, at the time men leftfamilies for the battlefield and women gave up their jewelryas contributions to war funds. He was six months old whenhis father died. His mother's second husband, Ludwig Geyer,an actor and portrait painter, took great pains to discover inhis step-son some artistic talent. He took the little lad intohis dressing-room in the Royal Theatre, a member of which hewas, transformed his studio into a play-room and he gave himthe first lessons in reading, writing and added to these draw- ing.Wagner was not a "wonder child."He did not astonish his family with early, brilliant perform- ances. He loved to read and to think and to ask many questions.He would not be satisfied with an off-hand answer. He wentto the bottom of things and did not rest until he thoroughlyunderstood them. And he loved to tell stories—to relate to hisboy acquaintances and even to grown up visitors at his homeeveryday observations with a little moral attached to them.He was passionate and strong-headed. His violent temperand obstinate determination were not thwarted in anything hehad set his mind to. He was positive in everything he said, andwould never consent that he was mistaken. Fashions are for those who are afraid to standi alone, con- ventions for those who don't know how. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsTHURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAYEIGHT-FIFTEEN P. M.OVERTURERaymondThomasCOMPOSITIONS BY CHARLOTTE JAMESSeasongImprovisationsPrelude and Fuge in D MinorSONGS BY AMERICAN COMPOSERSA Spirit FlowerThe Summer WindCharlotte James at the PianoThe Bird and the LightThe Bugle CallMay timeBelle Menard at the PianoCharlotte JamesBachMary BreedonCampbell TiptonVictor HarrisBelle MenardBelle MenardBelle MenardAMERICAN SINGERS ON THE DIAMOND DISCSELECTION IV.—MISS MARIE KAISERItalian Street SongsMy Dream of DreamsOne Wonderful NightPoor Wandering OneHerbertCarroll RobynJonesFrom "Pirates of Penzance"Gilbert SullivanFrom "PROVERBS IN PORCELAIN"SECRETS OF THE HEARTNinetteNinonGOOD-NIGHT BABETTEMonsieur VieuxboisBabetteEXIT MARCHChildren's Hour on the Square Wednesdayand Saturday at 2:30 P. M,Austin DobsonMarjorie TuckerWreith MaclntyreMarjorie TuckerWreith MaclntyreAsk or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.