The mask 3 7 8 9 January 1911 naau_1911-01_01 The mask 3 7 8 9 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A GROTESQUE Artist unknown. Illustration 4 THE VENETIAN THEATRE AND ITALIAN COMEDY IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY Philippe Monnier cre 5-7; 9-13; 15 Untitled Image Illustration 5 GIACINTO CATTOLI AS ARLECCHINO. DESIGNED BY GIULIANO ROST. Illustration 7 FOUR MOODS OF ARLECCHINO. CLAUDE GILLOT.1673-1722. Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 15 THE COMMEDIA DELL' ARTE Dr Michele Scherillo cre Walt Whitman cre 16-17; 19-27; 29-31; 33-37; 39-42 Untitled Image Illustration 16 FROM THE BALLI DI SFESSANIA. 1622. GIACOMO CALLOT. 1593-1635 Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 19 Untitled Image Illustration 20 Untitled Image Illustration 22 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 25 FROM THE BALLI DI SFESSANIA. 1622; GIACOMO CALLOT. 1593-1635 Illustration 27 Untitled Image Illustration 29 PANTALONE. G. CALLOT. Illustration 31 Untitled Image Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 34 COSTUME FOR PANTALONE: OF EARLIER DATE. Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES TO THE ABOVE ESSAY. J S cre 42-43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 CARLO GOZZI AND HIS PLAYS: An Extract from the "Manners and Customes of Italy" Joseph Baretti. 1768 cre Vernon Lee. Studies of the Eighteenth Century in Italy cre 44-45; 47 Untitled Image Illustration 44 Untitled Image Illustration 45 Untitled Image Illustration 47 SYMBOLISM. Symbolism. A Systematic use of symbols. A Symbol. A visible sign of an idea. (Webster.) Gordon Craig cre 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 BOOK REVIEWS 49-58 Untitled Image Illustration 49 ART AND LIFE by T. Sturge Moore. Methuen. 51= E. J. S cre 49 THE UPPER GARDEN by Robert de la 49 THE KILTARTAN MOLIERE. The Miset. The Doctor in spite of himself; The Rogueries of Scapin; translated by Lady Gregory. Maunsel and Co. Dublin. 316. P. N cre 50 Till') BZ,UT) BIRD by Maurice Maetei~ 50 WAGNER AT HOME by Judith Gautiei, 50-51 LIFE OF SIR HENRY IRVING by 51 THE REPERTORY THEATRE. An Appreciation and a Criticism. by P. P. Howe. 216 net S cre 51 THE MYSTERY OF HA MEET PRINCE 51-52 HENRY VIII AND HIS COURT by Sit H. Beerbohm Tree. Cassell and Co, 11 = E. E cre 52 THE RUINS OF MEXICO by Constantino 52-53 EOPE DE VEGA AND HIS TIMES by 53 OUR STAGE AND ITS CRITICS by 44F. 53 A STUDY OF THE DRAMA by Brandei 53-54 THE THEORY OF THE THEATRE by 54 I,1 ART THEATRAE MODERNE by 54-55 THE ERA SHAKESPEARE. "MACBETH". T. C. and E. C. Jack. 8d. C cre 55 THE BREAD of t,IPE» Antonia Williams. 55 EOUIS XIV AND MADAME de 55-56 THE GLASS MLNDLR by Mauiice Baring. 56 44 WISDOM OF THE LAST " SLRILS. 56 MAGAZINES. 57-58 'Jph© New Age, ever interesting, has lately 57-58 FOREIGN NOTES 58-62 Untitled Image Illustration 58 LONDON G. H cre 58-60 FLORENCE J. B cre 60-61 Mimi Aguglia's New Departure. J. S cre 61 English Actors tor Florence. E. C cre 61 BERLIN G,N cre 61-62 NEW YORK P. G cre 62 EDITORIAL NOTES. 62-64 Untitled Image Illustration 62 MYSTIC HUMBUG 62 SCENARIO INVENTERS. &amp; &amp; 62-63 MADAME BERNHARDT AND VARIETY 63 MERCURY - HARLEQUIN. &amp; &amp; 63 GAUGIN*S SCHOOL. &amp; &amp; 63 MASKS IN BERLIN. &amp; &amp; &amp; 63-64 DANGEROUS GROUND.j&amp; &amp; 64 BOOKS ON THE COMMEDIA. &amp; 64 A WORD OF THANKS. J. S cre 64 THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE or PROFESSIONAL COMEDY. J. S cre 67-68 Untitled Image Illustration 67 Untitled Image Illustration 67 Untitled Image Illustration 68 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 65 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 70 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 70 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 70 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 70 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 70 Vol. 3 N.° 7=9 JANUARY. 1911. THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF" THE ART OF THE THEATRE " ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION ■£&gt; FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, POST FREE. THE MASKJanuary li)ii THE VENETIANTHEATRE. THE mask.January 1911. THE VENETIANTHEATRE. «£&gt; THE VENETIANTHEATRE.^ THE VENETIANTHEATRE.^ THE VENETIANT HEATRE. &amp; THE MASK.January 1911. THE VENETIANTH EATRE. THE MASK.January 1911 THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL* ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL* ARTE. THE COMMEDIAD ELL' ARTE. THE MASK.January 1911 THE COMMEDIADELL* ARTE THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE THE MASK.January 1911. THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE. THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE THE MASK.January 1911, THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE THE COMMEDIA DELL' ARTE BIOGRAPHICALNOTES. CARLO GOZZI &amp;HIS PLAYS. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; Gerente Responsabile, GIULIO VANZI THE COMMEDIADELL' ARTE THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF THE■&amp; ART OF THE THEATRE"/ read " The Mask"... It's excellent... Like fresh"air in a stuffy room, those who live in the"close atmosphere never know how stuffy it is"till the window is opened. What a lot of colds"it must cause, that "Mask" of yours with the" fresh air whistling through its eyes and mouth 1"Paul Cooper." The Mask. A delight to bibliophiles, with its"budget of frank, original notions to most of" which we subscribe willingly.".New York Dramatic Mirror. Nov 9:1910" The Ghosts in the tragedies of Shakespeare" by"Mr Gordon Craig is a most suggestive and"profound exposition of the spiritual significance"of " Macbeth "W. H. Stead. The Review of Reviews. Nov. 1910.HOW TO SUBSCRIB E TO THE MASK-Write your name and address on a post card and send it to us today; and then todayor tomorrow or next week, or when we remind you, send the amount named belowaccording to the country in which you live. set &amp; &amp;&amp; Cheques and postal orders should be made payable to the Proprietor of The Mask.In countries where paper money is in use this may be enclosed in a registered letter.YEARLY England, 15 Shillings America, 4 Dollars Russia, 8 Roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germany, 15 Marks Italy, 15 Lire France, 20 Francs FREETHE MASK OFFICES, ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrucci Via del Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of 44 The Mask "Arena Goldoni. LITERARY CONTENTS. THE VENETIAN THEATRE AND THE ITALIAN COMEDY IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURYby PHILLIPPE MONNIER. THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE by Dr MICHELE SCHERILLO.&amp; BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES TO THE PRECEDING ESSAY. CARLO GOZZI AND HIS PLAYSby JOSEPH BARETTI. 1768. " A SURVIVAL OF THE COMMEDIA " ; AN EXTRACTFROM "STUDIES OF THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY IN ITALY" by VERNON LEE. BOOKREVIEWS, FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES, jg&gt; &amp; ILLUSTRATIONS. FRONTISPIECE: A GROTESQUE. ARTIST UNKNOWN. &amp; GIACINTO CATTOLI AS ARLEC- CHINO by GIULIANO ROST. FOUR MOODS OF ARLECCHINO by CLAUDE GILLOT.SIX ILLUSTRATIONS FROM THE " BALLI DI SFESSANIA " by GIACOMO CALLOT. FIGURE OF PANTALONE by GIACOMO CALLOT. jg? A COSTUME FOR PANTALONE OFEARLIER DATE. ROMAGNESI AS SCARAMOUCHE MEDICIN. jg? HEAD AND TALE PIECESAND INITIAL LETTERS FROM OLD DESIGNS AND DESIGNS BY GORDON CRAIG, CHARLESBORROW AND OTHERS. jg/ jg? jg/ jg? A GROTESQUE Artist unknown. THE VENETIAN THEATRE AND ITALIANCOMEDY IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY by Philippe Monnier. GIACINTO CATTOLI AS ARLECCHINO. DESIGNED BY GIULIANO ROST. FOUR MOODS OF ARLECCHINO. CLAUDE GILLOT.1673-1722. he Venetians with their poetic, pleasure-loving character could hardlyhave existed without the charm and glamour of fiction. It is true thatfootlights, curtains, and a double bass were sufficient to create theworld of wonders which they loved. But they would have died if alto- gether deprived of their theatrical illusions. In the eighteenth century,Paris had three theatres. Omitting occasional theatres, stages in palaces,open air theatres in the piazza, and travelling theatres for marionettes, Venice had seven, all permanent and all bearing the names of their parish saints, all openduring the whole season of masquerades, and giving performances every single evening.Take, for instance, the evening of January 21, 1765. "Oidone abbandonata" was performedat the S. Benedetto, 44 L'Amor in ballo" at the S. Mos£, "11 RScco insidiato" at theS. Salvadore, 44 Semiramide " at the S. Casslano, 46 Brighella disertore disperato sequace dellaMagia d'Archelausse " at the S. Crisostomo, 44 La Favola dell'Uccellm belverde " at theS. Angelo, and at the S. Samuele that beautiful and amusing comedy the 44 Cavalier© di Ri- pafratta, o sia il Marchese di ForlinpopoliThey let no grass grow in these shrines offrivolity; they almost lived in them, so that nearly every house was to let. From the red- capped boatman, who prided himself on his taste In comedy, to the patrician in his toga,whose hobby was the management of theatres, all found their way In. They were at homethere, even more than in church. They were hardly inside before they seemed to be in pos- session of the place. They enjoyed being together, after the solitary business of the day.In the absense of known events, they filled the silences of history with imaginary inven- tions of their poets, they gave their whole hearts to the play of imaginary emotions; theyfilled the empty spaces of their souls and lives with happy illusions; they liked the frenzywhich was aroused in them by the roulades of a singer, the contortions of an acrobat,the pleasantries of a buffoon. They found the door of a theatre as irresistible as a cafe. &amp; Drama is the literature of those who do not read. It was pre-eminently the literatureof Venice, to whose spirit it was most akin. It was her glory, her national mode of expres- sion, her standard of literary Judgement. From Ruzzante to Goldoni it spread her famethroughout Italy. A too stern reality wearied the old artistic race; the drama was theirliberating dream, their Indigenous diversion. It was the prevailing genre ; everyone attemptedIt, every one was familiar with it, the most humble critic formed a theory of it and sup- ported an opinion. The name alone of an actress could draw sparks and flame from alanguishing conversation. A new play was a public event; its echoes spread even to theferries. The engagement of a dancing-girl was an affair of State ; It filled the portfolios ofthe Council of Ten, and embarassed a number of embassies. Any plots or factions thatdisturbed the State were purely theatrical. The rivalry of the priest Chiara and the lawyerGoldoni gave birth to two parties, divided the city into two camps, 44 armed one againstanother, lords and ladles, citizens and their wives, the poor, the artisans, the gondoliers,the cultured courtesans." No literary polemic ever raised a greater stir, or wasted moremoney. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Je?42? The horizon of the Venetians seemed to be bounded by footlights; stage scenery, and aprompter's box. The air of deserted passages was heavy with the damp odour of worn velvetand orange-peel, exhaled from theatre halls. The atmosphere was mingled with the bitterfloating dust which rose from their 44 boards " and 44 burnt and killed like gunpowder".Of all this busy hurrying population there was scarcely a person who had not some con- nection with the stage, as lamp-lighter or ticket-collector, as box-attendant or copyist ofmusic, as chorus girl or her dressmaker, her music-master, her stage-manager, her glover,her hosier, her confessor, her hairdresser, her protector. They were poets or prompters,44 crowds " or machinists, pages or painters or first haut boys. They sang in Italian operaor acted in pantomime, or played the Wit, the Moor, the late Roman, or the capricious courtier in a ballet. Take, for instance, a comedienne; she knows more about love thanOvid ever wrote. Take her mother or her brother. He Is paid sixpence a day to do the police- man, or the robber, or the devil, and to carry a lantern in front of the princess, his sister,when she returns from the "wings" to the kitchen to change her clothes. The chariot ofComedy had stopped for good at Venice; the shafts rose empty in the air. &lt;£?&amp; At every corner of this fantastic city there stood out a group of wandering comedians.At one a poet reads his compositions to some actresses; they knit stockings while they listen.At another some singers 101 l about on chairs and fan themselves with their music, whilethey practise their songs. Elsewhere an artiste converses with her patron, while her hair- dresser plays the spy; her husband has gone shopping with a basket on his arm. The Se- nator Malipiero surprises Teresa Imer and Casanova in too intimate conversation, andrains showers of blows upon them. Carlo Gozzi is on his way to Teresa Ricci to presentthe homage of a poet; her husband, with holes in his stockings, sleeps peacefully throughthe long discourse. A girl of eighteen is practising her dance on the Piazza in clear moon- light. A boat-load of comedians bears the young Goldoni over the blue waters of the Adriatic.A troupe of opera singers is waiting on the quay at S. Mos6 to embark at break of day.The mother of a singer is drawing the lottery, which she has organised to meet the needsof her daughter. All things.... past, present, and future.... were exploited for the drama.They ransacked the antiquities of Greece and Rome, myth and legend, the East, the dwel- lings of the fairies, the 44 cloak and sword " drama of Spain, contemporary stories of adven- ture, even old and innocent nursery tales. Fielding's 44 Tom Jones " and Marivaux's 44 Ma- rianne ", Moliere's 44 Bourgeois Gentilhomme " and Ovid's "Metamorphoses", "The PeruvianLetters " of Madame du Boccage, Richardson's 44 Pamela " and Le Sage's 44 Gil Bias ", Fieuxde Monhy's 44 Paysanne Parvenue " and Virgil's 44 Aeneid ".... all transported to the stage.From the 44 Aeneid" alone Abbd Chiari drew three plays. They made Aeneas a CaptainFracasse, Menelaus an amorous Pantaloon, Helen a Venetian gossip. They showed Cupidscattering flowers upon the tables, Aphrodite in her chariot of clouds, peasant's raids,pitched battles, ships burning, gods flying, stars shooting, children hidden in a tomb, theshades of the dead, and even the whole kingdom of the shades. Everything from Tirso deMolina to Boursault, to Regnard, to Klopstock, was marked down, copied, stolen, adapted,or simply translated. With this material they manufactured indifferently the libretti ofOp&amp;rsi-bouffe and of Grand Opera, masques and comedies of character, tragedies andtragi-comedies, fairy-plays, ballets and melodrama. Novelty was the essential thing. HenceCount Alessandro Pepoli composed a 44 Ladislas ", which was neither comedy nor tragedybut a 44 physedy " or song of nature, with sun-rises and moon-rises, with lofty towers,precipitous mountains, battles, and habitable caves. The second essential was to pro- duce something full of marvels. They wanted men carried on devil-back through theair, set-pieces of fireworks, pilgrims' staves, daggers, poisons, prisons, slaughtered bears,lofty pavilions, earthquakes. According to Marcello a dramatic poet was dressed incork, adorned with metaphors, translations and hyperboles, and a sword In a bearskinsheath.»At Venice the end of the eighteenth century was marked by the triumph of ItalianComedy. Its birthplace is unknown, and its origin is shrouded perhaps in the mists ofprehistoric times. Its torch may have been kindled at the fires of the ancient Oscan civi- lization ; or it may have been handed down from the culture of Magna Graecia or fromsome other old uncertain source. Oscan games and Atellan farce were perhaps its cradle,Polichinello the ancient Maccus, the Zannis nothing but the Latin Sanniones. Its flowingrobes and living outlines may be directly derived from the pantomimists and ballet-dancers,actors and clowns, whom lust and license created to amuse the cross-roads with theirwine-stained cheeks and strange grimaces. But in the midst of so great obscurity, thismuch at least is certain. The Italian Comedy 44 dell'arte ", the Italian Comedy of impro- visation, of masks, of plots and incidents, developed along parallel lines with the ItalianComedy written in the study. It died with the ancien regime. If the written comedy pre- supposes an environment of cultured ease, a villa garden or a palace court, the comedywhich is Italian Comedy par excellence is the spontaneous growth of the Piazza. In fact,to set it in its proper frame, we must reconstruct for ourselves an Italian fair with all its wild excitement, such as Callot loved to paint. &amp;&amp; A gibbit was outlined against the sky. Strings of onions hung from pedlars' stalls. Boysand dogs and hedge-priests, servants and wandering merchants mixed upon the stage.Cripples of every kind drawled out their prayers. Men in plumed hats stood, hand in pocket,spitting upon the ground ; few had the good taste to step aside. There were vendors of ratpoison, men who sold mirrors to light fires with from the sun, showmen of strange ter- rifying monsters, men who ate cloth, or vomited fire, or bathed their faces in molten lead.There were conjurers who pretended to cut off noses with a knife or extracted ten yardsof rope from their own mouths, or caused cards to be found in other people's hands. Therewere men who blew Into boxes till their faces were the colours of some brigand's, andothers made them eat dung disguised as dainties. In the glare and hubbub of these orgies,to the accompaniment of blows given by insulted serving-girls, amid cries and stinks, amongcheats and swindlers, that strange, monstrous, savage growth burst forth, with the gesturesof an artist, and the soul of a child. Starting from some such fair of the Impruneta, Italian Comedy spread through all theSand. A yoke of oxen dragged round its chariot with its canvas awning. Beneath the canvasIsabella suckled her child. At each rise in the road the actors got down and pushed againstthe wheels. They knew chance resting-places and strange hostelries, all the hazards of thegreat roads. They forded rivers and climbed mountains • they slept in barns or with thestars for their roof. They saw the sky blaze at midnight with arquebus-shots and thevillage children run after them with shouts. They passed from hamlet to hamlet, fromexperience to experience, from success to success. And then the poor rope-dancers ofyore, the thin vagabonds with the disjointed bodies, the wasted, wandering sons of mudand night, who wiped their noses with their fingers and knelt in the dust of the roadat the tinkling of the Angelus, found the great gates of palaces opened to them, andentered in. For did not Catherine de Medici laugh at their farces with all her soultlike any common woman ? Were not diplomatic negotiations commenced to obtain aScaramouche or a Lelia ? Princes and princesses, even kings, gave them rides in theircarriages. Marie de Medici held Harlequin's son at the font. Tasso sat beside Isabellaat the table of Cardinal Aldobrandini. Louis XIII. appointed Beltrami to his guard ofhonour. The King of Poland made Mezzetino keeper of his privy purse, and the Empe- ror Matthias made Fritelino a noble. The cities of Italy pealed their bells and proclaim- ed tournaments In honour of Vincenza Armani of Venice. The magistrates of Lyonsent their mace-bearers and their banners to the funeral of Isabella Andreini of Padua.Together with his dog, his cat, his monkey and his parrot, Scaramouche had the entreeto the Louvre. One day he found the Dauphin in tears, and amused him so well withhis grimaces that the Roi-Soleil in swaddling clothes suffered himself to be nursed by hisvisitor. jgr jg? &amp; We gather up all that remains of this spectacle. We turn over the compliments ofpoets and the notices of journalists. We read the biographies of these illustrious come- dians. We consult the poor scenarios, thin and fragile as the skeletons of leaves. Welook at Callot's flying company of dancers or at Watteau's masquerades. And we try topicture to ourselves this mad, enthralling thing, which was born, and mounted to theskies, ravished a whole world and charmed a whole era, which is dead now... so definitelydead, that it has left no memorial of itself but the reflection of its brilliance and the echoof its fame. dc? &amp; First and foremost we find the two old men, Pantaloon of Venice and the Doctor ofBologna, two toothless, doddering old misers, who sneezed and spat and belched, and Inspite of their baldness, catarrh, and crutches, were always rubbing young men up the wrongway. Next came the two servants of Bologna, Harlequin and Brighella, with their armsround each other's necks, the incarnations of two ideals of domestic life ; the one a knaveand light of wit, the other a heavy simpleton ; the one keen-eyed as a hawk, the otherperpetually moon-struck. Brighella was always letting plates fall, knocking himself againstwalls, falling flat on his back on the stairs. Harlequin was as sharp as steel, all knavery,craftiness, elasticity. Then, In the train of these four original types, come various imita- tions of them, degenerate copies and stupid grafts on the old trunk...,, valets; peasants, sharpers, pedants, cowards, wastrels of a!§ sorts, idiots oi every kind, gluttons and simple*tons, monsters and masqueraders. There were Mezzetioo and Trufaldino, Trivitino andScaramouche, Paillasse and Cavicchio, Burattino and Pasquariello, Pierrot all in white,Scaramouch© all in black, Tartaglia the stammerer, Francafcrippa the glutton, Coviellowho was leaps and jests and songs and nothing more. Naples produced Polichinello andSiena produced Cassandro, Niccolo Barblerl invented Beltrami, Tiberio Furelli Scararnouche,Giuseppe Giaratone Pierrot, and Domenico Biancolelll turned the dull farm-boy of Bergamointo Harlequin; " that sort of half finished man " that great child with the agilityand gentleness of a kitten ", 44 that mixture of ignorance, naivete, wit, stupidity andgrace " which Marmontel admired. Each had his own character and his own costume, hisdialect and his country, his special attributes and disfigurations. Each was sculpturedlarge as life on the subject-matter of Laughter. With them were the lovers with theirtenderness and youth and beauty, who talked Tuscan and copied the latest manners. Ho- race and Coraline, Isabella and Leander, Cintio and Flaminia, Lelio and the exquisiteSylvia, all were there. And after them came the clever resourceful host of soubrettes Zerbinetta, Francesquina, Diamantina, and Columbine. And threading his way throughthem all, erect to his full height, his moustache-ends turned up, his great plume wavingin the air, and his hand on the handle of a rapier, on which a spider's web lay rotting,there was Captain Spavento alias Aspramonte, Rinoceronte, Furibiitibornbo, LeonontroneArcitonotonantre Sbaronne, Escarabomburdon de la Papirotonda. He could not wear ashirt because his hair bristled so with rage, and would have made it as full of holes as asieve. He could only eat three meats, Jews and Turks and Lutherans. He had sent his valetto pay his compliments to the grand Sophti. He had saved the world from the Deluge, hehad fought against the stars, he had lain with Death in the nether world, and had madetwo hundred girls mothers in one night. But if Pantaloon but put his hand to his pistol,the Captain took to his legs as fast as he could ; and on lonely roads at night he almostfrightened himself to death. &amp;Such were comic, delightful characters that appeared against the scenery of painted canvas.Torn ruffs and mantles mingled with white cloaks and jackets, with jewels and ribands; theCaptain's sword with Harlequin's club, the woollen cap of Pantaloon with the red-plumedbonnet of Coviello, Pierrot in his moon-white suit, Horace in his petticoat of gold, Scara- rnouche and his guitar, the Doctor and his wine-stains, Tartaglia in his spectacles, all werethere, strange, adorable turns in the old rambling &amp; &amp;They were all as chock-full of malice as of wit. Mimes, acrobats, dancers, musicians,comedians, all at once, they were also poets, and composed their own piece. They strainedtheir fancy to the utmost in inventing it, and Improvised it on the spot as their turn cameand the inspiration took them. They were not willing, like silly school-boys, to recite onlywhat they had learnt from a master, nor to be mere echoes, unable to speak for themselveswithout another having spoken before them. They did not draw themselves up in a linebefore the footlights, five or six In a row, like figures in a bas-relief, and wait their turnto present their tricks. Rather they were full of impatience, imagination, devilry. Theywere the great artists of Laughter, the sowers of the golden grain of Gaiety, the servantsof the Unforeseen, the kings of Inspiration. They had only to receive a scenario, whichsome one had scribbled on his knee, to meet their stage manager in the morning to ar- range the outlines of the plot, and to hang the paper within easy reach of the wings; therest they could invent themselves. Familiarity with the stage and their profession and theirart had taught them a whole bundle of tricks and quips. They had a store of proverbs,sallies, charades, riddles, recitations, cock-and-bull stories, and songs jumbled together intheir heads. They knew all sorts of metaphors, similes, repetitions, antitheses, cacophonies,hyperboles, tropes, and pleasant figures; and besides they had volumes of tirades, whichthey had learnt by heart, of soliloquies, exclamations of despair, sallies, conceits of happylove, or Jealousy, or prayer, or contempt, or friendship, or admiration, always on the tipsof their tongues, ready to utter when they were out of breath. They raised their scaffol- ding high into the air, and then gave themselves up to their own fertile genius and theiramazing caprice. They obeyed all the Intemperance and extravagance of their humours.They became nothing but retorts, sallies, conceits, paradoxes, witticisms, mental somersaults. They seised opportunity by the forelock, and turned the least accident to profit. They drewinspiration from the time, the place, the colour of the sky, or the topic of the day, andestablished a current between their audience and themselves out of which the mad farcearose, the joint product of them all. It varied at each representation, seemed differentevery evening, with all the spirit and warmth and alertness of spontaneous creation, abrilliant ephemeral creature born of the moment and for the moment.The pieces went with the speed of lightning and the noise of Pandemonium. The housewas consumed with shrieks of laughter, like the tumult of a whirlwind. It was all lover'sintrigue, complicated by disguises, kidnappings, unexpected returns, impersonations andsupposititious infants. Retorts, misunderstandings, character-sketches, jests, caricatures,blows and kicks were their stock-in-trade. They groped about in the dark and ran into oneanother and fell down. They mutilated words. They put out their tongues, rolled their eyes,made grimaces. They boxed their ears with their feet. They sang songs and recited, andpoured forth proverbs, quotations, precedents. There were scenes of tumult and uproarand inexpressible confusion, in which they were knocked down and got up again, supportingthemselves as they could, tripped each other up, got in each other's way, and ran off in themidst of the clatter. &amp;&amp; They passed the word round, for instance, to make Pantaloon believe that his breathsmelt. Pantaloon blows his horn from the window to proclaim the opening of the chase.Gratiano appears holding a cock, Burattino with a monkey on a chain, and a child on theback of a bear is leading a lion. Harlequin, armed with a blacksmith's tools, draws fourof Pantaloon's soundest teeth. He waits on Don Juan at table and wipes the plates on theseat of his breeches before he hands them, or produces his cap, full of cherries, from thesame place, and cracks the stones with his teeth and pretends to spit them on the ground.He keeps hissing some tune through his lips or pursues a fly in the air and catches it. Hecounts his coat-buttons, saying, "She loves me, she loves me not, she loves me". Thereis only one plate of macaroni between three of them, and they eat it in floods of tears.Burattino sits on the ground with a basket of provisions. Two robbers come up and instalthemselves, one on each side of him. The first tells him that he comes from the land ofCockaigne, and warns him that it is a nest of thieves, while the second is vigorously at- tacking the basket. Then they go off, after many bows, and Burattino sets about openinghis basket and he finds nothing in it, and bursts into sobs. In the middle of a ffcte Pan- taloon's young wife, Isabella, whispers a word or two into his ear. He escorts her with everysort of attention to the gardener's lodge. He waits at the door and keeps watch, drivesaway the passers-by, or stops the way and signs to them to keep silent. At last Isabellacomes out again, a little out of breath. Pantaloon congratulates her, and wipes her foreheadwith his handkerchief, and begs her always to rely on him in similar circumstances. A fewscenes later he hears that Horace was concealed in the lodge and that the gardener foundhis bed in disorder. Tartaglia hides in a truss of hay when he hears a cock crow. Woodand fire, a cauldron and some swaddling clothes, are brought on to help a woman in child- birth. Mistresses come to blows, and servants tear their hair out. Pandolph throws asaucepan at Valerio's head. Ghosts appear, and princesses, bound naked to a rock. Serenadersplay their guitars beneath the balconies. With no properties at all, or with a few, such asa stick, a live cat, or a cock, two fires and their smoke, four costumes for wits, a dirtyshirt for the Captain, a plate of figs, plenty of lanterns, a big tree to sit in, a fine shipand beautiful nymphs' costumes, a chamber-pot full of wine, or even an earth-quake, theyopened the golden gates of Fantasy. Dreams were grafted on mistakes, marvels on absur- dities. Pirouettes, repartees, music, dances, jests, acrobatic feats, grimaces and dumb-show,pantomime and drama, peals of laughter and peals of thunder followed in quick succession.They ran, jumped, turned somersaults, and kicked up their heels, and the piece went likelightning... crackled, and sparkled, and glowed, and blazed, and then died away and disap- peared. Their whole bodies moved at once. Their hands and fingers, their gestures, almostseemed to speak. Their extravagant fancy broke loose before an audience and burst Intofire and soared into the sky, a marvel of balance. Explosions of wild laughter followed, andwild confusion, and a medley of caricatures, dreams, buffooneries, scurrility, poetry andlove. But the fireworks gave way to the darkness of the night. They had climbed up to heaven and built their palaces of light, and filled its expanse with rockets and stars andrays. Of all their fairy splendour nothing remained but the pitiful carcass, a few smoulderingsticks and a few scraps of paper with blackened wire. "Look", said Garrick, the Englishactor, "look at the character and expression in Carlino's back ". But Carlino is dead, andwe shall nevermore see his back.&amp; Italian Comedy was a strictly national product, the brilliant natural flower of the Italiangenius. Unequalled and unsurpassed, it fell by a strange fate. It was already full-grownwhen elsewhere Comedy was still prattling like a child. Later, when a comic art arosewith fixed and academic rules, Italian Comedy remained pure fancy unrestrained. It seemedwhat in truth it was... something unique in the world. Hence in the sixteenth century wefind that Drusiano took it to the England of Elizabeth, Ganassa to the Spain of Philip 11.,the companies of Gelosi and Fedeli to the France of Charles IX. In the seventeenth centuryit filled the high roads of Europe with its caravans. It roused laughter amid the din ofwars, and avenged Italy on her oppressors by the bragging of the Captain. In the eigh- teenth century, from 1716 onwards, it was established permanently at Paris, possessing ahouse and clients and patrons of Its own. Together with Italian music it was henceforththe ornament of every Court, the mainstay of every f§te, the classic diversion of the oldregime. But Venice had been the birthplace of Pantaloon, and the home of that incredibleAndrea Calmo, who numbered Tintoretto and Aretino and Michael Angelo among his friends.She had shunned tragedy as the plague, and disregarded the written comedy with its odourof the lamp and its reminiscences of Latin. She had considered the theatre neither as a schoolfor teachers nor as a lecture room for reformers, but as a place of amusement. Thereforeit was at Venice that Italian comedy triumphed. It was seen there in its most lively andexhilerating moods, and won there its most unrestrained applause, and at the end of theeighteenth century, with Carlo Gozzi and with Darb&amp;s, Zacchi, Fiorilli, and Zannoni, theincomparable four, it was there that it uttered its latest joke. &amp; &amp;&amp; The shadow of death hung over Italian Comedy. Reduced to a few traditional and un- *changing characters, it revolved around two or three persons as conventional and artifi- cial and effete as their prototypes, the Senes or Servi or Miles Gloriosus of the ancientdrama. It had renounced its excursions into the world of marvels, [and confined itself tothe Piazza and Its everlasting arcades and windows and houses. Lover's intrigue was itsstaple. Manners and characters were alike neglected. It intruded into men's souls as littleas into their houses, and utterly ignored all the multiplicity and diversity and instabilityof life.&amp; Besides, it depended entirely upon the labours of its actors. There were prodigies amongthem, without doubt, true sons of Italy, where, if Cyrano de Bergerac was right, all wereborn actors. There had been men of fancy and inspiration, as lively as quicksilver, all ges- ture and caprice. But, unluckily, they were dead.^&amp; "An Italian actor ", wrote the flute-player Evariste Gherardl, "is a man of character,"with more imagination than memory. He can compose his part on the spot, and play up"to another on the stage. He accommodates his words and actions so well to his comrades"and performs so unhesitatingly whatever the other desires, that everyone thinks it was" all arranged before ". This " naturae laborantis opus ", as Columbine expressed it in theChinois of Regnard and Dufresny, was sometimes accomplished. More often no miracle wasneeded to attain the result. For every four or five excellent actors there was a whole hostof spouting nonentities, and ill - acted parts, inexperienced boys and girls, old men andwomen only fit to beg at street corners, dunces who could neither read nor write. Casa- nova's Harlequin was dead, and Francesco Andreini, who knew six languages, and Domenico,whom the President du Harlay met in St Victor's library at Paris, and found so full ofmodesty and learning that he could not help embracing him on the spot. Gone, too, wereScaramouche, the master of Moliere and the pupil of Nature; Carlino, praised by Grimmfor his agility and grace; Smeraldina, whom Goethe admired for the liveliness, good-humour,and intelligence of his face; Carolina, brought to Paris by Jean-Jacques; and Sylvia. "Often who try to act", said Niccolo Barbieri, "nine are failures", and on these nine, whocomposed rather than interpreted it, the success of the piece depended. Since they couldnot pretend to the highest comedy, they had fallen to the lowest. Unequal to flights of fancy, they crawled along the gutter, and tried to make up for their lack of intelligenceby the foolishness of their actions. They returned with a rush to the rope-dancing of theirprototypes, and brought back to the stage all the buffoonery and clownish tricks and trivialamusements of the fairs from which they sprang. Thanks to them, Italian Comedy lost itspre-eminence, and became every day more childishly extravagant and unreal. It traded onfive or six situations, already worn to death, and depended for its humour on a few scorewitticisms which had passed from almanack to almanack. 44 Before Harlequin had openedhis mouth you knew what he was going to say &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; At last people began to grow tired of these quips and jests and anecdotes. Besides, theanecdotes were not always seasoned with Attic salt, and some of the jests left a bad tastein the mouth. Women discussed their love affairs, and girls begged their lovers to marrythem, as their child might be born at any moment. Flavio and Isabella were not ashamedto appear in their night-gowns. Burattino came on with a chamber-pot in his hand. Har- lequin was sick on the stage. They even performed mock circumcisions. 44 I can safelyassert", said Des Lauriers, the actor, 44 that the most chaste Italian comedy is a hundredtimes more dissolute in word and action than any of our own." 44 AH the comedies I sawacted at Venice, " wrote Addison, 44 were poor and low and crude, and much more dissoluteeven than our own." The English traveller, Maihows, said he had never heard such disgus- ting nonsense in his life. Likewise Moratin; 44 Their farces are incredibly scandalous.Nothing like them appears in any other European theatre." President de Brosses had seenmany of their performances during his tour in Italy, and retained a lively impression of44 their pointless buffoonery and license." 44 They have neither head nor tail, neithermanners nor character, nor truth to life". &amp;&amp; In the eighteenth century, 300 years after its first appearance, the sources of Italiancomedy seemed to have run dry. It needed the infusion of fresh blood in its veins, if itwas to prolong its existence. It had survived in France because it had undergone a completechange, equivalent to a new birth. It had been purified by men of art and genius, fromMarivaux to Regnard. Similarly in Italy, it could only avoid extinction by being bornagain. jg/ ug? It was at this moment that Goldoni appeared upon the scene. Seven theatresin Venice. Drama the lite*rature of thosewho do not read. Comedians atevery corner. &amp; The triumph ofItalian Comedy. Starting from afair. jg? We gather upwhat remains. The Characters. The lovers. Malice and wit. Their tesources. The speed ofthe pieces. &amp; The plays. The vitality ofthe actors. A Nationalproduct, The Italianactor, &amp; Some contempo- rary criticisms. The appearanceof Goldoni. &amp; THE COMMEDIA DELL' ARTE by Dr Michele Scherillo. Walt Whitman. FROM THE BALLI DI SFESSANIA. 1622. GIACOMO CALLOT. 1593-1635 FROM THE BALLI DI SFESSANIA. 1622; GIACOMO CALLOT. 1593-1635 PANTALONE. G. CALLOT. COSTUME FOR PANTALONE: OF EARLIER DATE. raong the very few Italians who in the sixteenth century had a clear andconcrete idea as to what dramatic form was and should be was that fan- tastical Florentine il Lasca. Not that he himself succeeded in writing vitalplays, but that, although having written neither a 44 Drammaturgla " nora 44 Nathan the Wise ", he had in him something of Lessing: that Is, a rarepoetic vein and an acute critical vision cleared of the blighting and deadly prejudices of classical imitation, and it was a new loss for our art that the gleams of lightemanating from the prologues of his comedies or from the burlesque poems did not serveto restrain some of our numerous playwrights from advancing upon that fruitless path ofthe imitation of Plautus and Terence. &amp; &amp; &amp;For I must tell you at once that we owe it especially to these two past glories of oursif we are today without a real national theatre. As we were the last to allow a new idiomto take the place of that language with which our forefathers had governed the world, soalso we did not know how to detach ourselves in time from those literary traditions whichthe world yet venerated and envied in us.&amp; And while a new generation, free from traditions, was getting the upper hand, we, re- strained by our prejudices as heirs of a noble race, clung to the past and persuaded ourselvesthat in dramatic poetry it was necessary to take as model the plays of the ancients ratherthan nature or the life which was agitating around us. &amp; uz/&amp; When we hear it said by a poet like Ariosto in the prologue of his 44 Supposit!44 Theauthor confesses to you having in this work followed Plautus and Terence, since not" only in the style but also in the subject of the tales he strives with all his power44 to imitate the ancient and celebrated poets ; and as they in their Latin plays fol- -44 lowed Menander and Apollodorus and the other Greeks, he also, in his Italian plays44 will not refuse to follow the way and method of the Latin writers ...when, I say, we hearthis statement made by a poet who, with a smile half cynical, half good-natured, revivedthe already worn-out romantic subjects, setting in relief its comic side without relapsinginto caricature,... by a virtuoso of form who illuminated with the light of the renaissancea uniform and chaotic world which had sprung up from the mediaeval fantasies, it wringsour hearts and there rises to our lips the anguished exclamation of the Dantesque falconer,46 Ohime, tu cali! " ....Alas ! thou art falling. &amp; &amp; JZ? &amp; &amp; &amp;&gt;&amp; And Ariosto was falling indeed, for in the prologue of his first play, the 44 Cassaria ", hehad boldly spread his wings and courageously faced those prejudices to which now heclings. 4? &amp;Nova commedia v'appresento, piena Quel che 11 antiqui han detto esser perfetto.Di varii giochi, che ne mai latine Ever che ne volgar prosa ne rim aNe greche lingue recitarno in scena. Ha paragon con prose antique o versi,Parmi veder che la piu parte incline Ne pari e Teloquentia a quella prima ;A riprenderla, subito ch'ho detto Ma gP.ingegni non son pero dlversiNova, senza ascoltarne mezzo o fine ; Da quel che fftr, ch'ancor per quelTartistaCh&amp; tale impresa non Ii par suggetto Fans!, per cui nel tempo addietro fersi! (i)Delll modern! ingegnl, e solo stima Alas, he was later on to set his hand once more to this same 44 Cassaria " and, to renderit the more in accordance with classical ideals, deprive it of its native freshness andof that bloom which had caused Machiavelli (an exacting and competent critic)......to call it 44 una gentil composizione ", even translating its dialogue into those wearisome44 versi sdruccloli " which were to have enlivened his iambics ! The public was but littlegrateful to the poet for these new exertions of his and IS Lasca found the public to be right.In fino ad oggi non s'e recitataCom media in versi mai che sia piaciuta ;E la Cassaria, in versi tramutata,Nei recitarsi non fu conosciuta. (1)But Ariosto had too aristocratic a conception of dramatic poetry to concern himselfwith the opinion of an audience not fully qualified to estimate the subtle and exquisite skillwith which he had transplanted it into Italian soil from the flourishing gardens of theclassic world.The Duke of Mantua, to celebrate the second descent into Italy of Charles V, asked theFerrarese Homer for some new play and he hastened to send four, excusing himself thathis occupations did not allow him to correct in them 44 the errors of language ". But allfour were returned to him accompanied by a letter from the Duke iii which he declaredthat, 44 although the plots of all inay be fine, and excellently written, none the less it44 does not please me to have them acted In verse "; and he added, 64 if you have the last two44 written in prose, and also the 44 Cassaria ", ( which you have now patched and changed44 in to verse,) I shall be pleased for you to make me a copy and will add this new obSi=44 gation to the one I am already under to you for having sent the present versions which44 are truly more artistic and learned but do not seem so successful as when performed in44 prose&amp; jg?&amp; Ariosto must have been mortified. However, he contented himself, by replying to theduke with a curtness which 111 concealed his scorn, 44it seemed to me that they were betterthus than In prose; but opinions differ". This time, however, the opinion of the Duke hadthe support of the majority, and, this time at least, common sense was equivalent to goodsense! ow wearisome must have been those rechauffes of the august classical re=perfcory I For one would make a great mistake in arguing from the crowdswhich gathered to them that they amused many people. To those pleasurelovers, our great grandparents, greedy of spectacles as they were, liberty ofchoice was not conceded. And, in fact, it was certainly not the play which attracted them but the magnificence and costliness of the scenic decoration, the pompof the Sadies and cavaliers who were present the fantastic pantomimes and gracefuldances which were intermingled with the recitation. That this recitation in the majorityof cases was wearisome people did not dare to say, whether from fear of being takenfor ignorant and stupid, or so as not to appear ungrateful towards the splendid lord whohad given the festival. AH the same, in the privacy of their houses how they yawned ! &amp; in 1502 the Marchioness of Mantua had returned to the paternal house at Ferrara to attendthe marriage of her brother with Lucrezia Borgia, and, having been present at a performanceof the 44 Bacchide " of Plautus she wrote to her husband that 44 it was so Song and tedious44 and without dances in the interludes that many times 1 wished myself at Mantua It ispresumable that she derived no more pleasure from the other four plays, also by Plautus*&gt; * ich were recited on this occasion, and which, it appears only served as pretext to theDuke of Ferrara for Increasing his magnificent wardrobe. &amp; &amp;&amp; "After dinner" relates Isabella Gonzaga, 44 we conducted the bride from her room and44 went to the Sala Grande, where there was so great an assembly of people that there was no44 room to dance. Still, we danced as best we couid. Then my lord father exhibited all the cos- &lt;stumes for the five Plays so that it should be known that the dresses were made on pur- pose and that those worn In one play had not to serve for the others. They are in all ashundred and ten, between men's and women's: the dresses are some of cendale (a fine silk)** and some of camlet a la moresca. First came one in the guise of Plautus who recited the** arguments of all the plays, of which the first was 44 Epidico, " the second the 4&lt; Bachide, "** the third the 44 Miles gloriosus " the fourth the 44 Asinaria and the fifth the 44 Casina "•44 After this we went into another hall and about six oclock the Epidico began which, so far44 as the voices and verses went was not very good but the Moresche dances which were44 given between the acts were very well performed and with great spiritThe Moresche were in fact the dances and pantomimes entirely extraneous to thedrama, and the Marchioness lingers long over their description as the part most enjoyed. Ifit pleases you to have an idea of them listen to yet another fragment of one of these lettersIsabella speaks of the two Moresche interposed in the Bacchide: one of which was of tenmen, represented as naked, with a scarf across them, their heads couvered with hair madeof tin foil, with cornucopias in their hands, with four tapers lighted inside, full of varnishwhich in the movement of the horns ignited. Before this had come forth a maiden whopassed in terror, without any sound, and went to the back of the stage. Then issued fortha dragon and went to devour her, but near her was a warrior on foot who defended her,and, fighting with the dragon, captured him, leading him away bound, while the maiden,arm in arm with a youth, followed him, and round about them went those naked men,tossing flames in the air.The second was of madmen wearing shirts and stockings, on their heads paper foolscaps, having In fheir hands vesica sgonfia (bladders) with which, beating each other theymade a sad spectacle. n Florence, where such profuse expenditure was not possible, the Dramatic Art,having to rely upon its own resources, was obliged to compromise if it wasto live. And it turned, with filial confidence, to the most noted comicauthor that our literature has ever had, and found in the " Cento Novelle"abundance of subjects, plots, scenes, characters, caricatures, types, jests and repartees. The mould into which the actors cast this new material was always the Plau- tinian or Terenzian, but the ancient monotony was at last broken. Thus, the "Calandria" (i)if on the one hand it is but a patched-up version of the very popular 44 Menechmi on theother is all decked out with episodes taken from the "Decameron"; and the "Mandragola" (2)(certainly the finest of our ancient plays) although it really only reanimates and setsupon the stage plots and personages created or coloured by our great fourteenth centuryParisian, (whom admiration for Dante and Petrarch rebaptised Italian), does not in itsscenic art depart from the Latin models. Says the poet in the prologue. 44 Un amante meschlno,Un Dottor poco astuto,Un Frate mal vissuto,Un Parasslto dl maiizia il cucco,Fien questo giorno 11 vostro badalucco.However, we need not think that there were lacking in Florence pedants wholooked askance at every smallest concession towards the new tastes. Varchi, (who wasVarchi), In the prologue of his 44 Suocera " even dared to say that his play was44 neither wholly ancient nor wholly modern, but partly modern and partly ancient " ; andadded, 44 although it is in the Florentine toiigue it is adapted to a great extent fromthe Latin ; adapted from, 1 say, and not translated, unless in the same sense as the Latinstranslated from the Greeks And Salviati,... (who was not Varchi)... declaimed In the prologue of the 44 Granchio " NuovaDunque e questa Commedia, e a tuttoPotere di colui che l'ha fatta,Fatta a imitazione delle antiche;Dl quelle antiche pero che gli antichiChiamavan nuove, adunque non in prosa,Ma in versi (1)Imagine the fury of those who, having come to amuse themselves, had, instead, to putup with these insipid or pretentious rigmaroles I Even in those days, however, the publicknew how to make its rights respected, and, il Lasca informs us,44 Lionardo Salviati muor di duoloPerche il suo Granchio fu tanto schernito ! " (2)jg? People wished to see in the theatre a reproduction of the contemporary life and eventhe squares and streets of their own city ; they were weary of witnessing plots contrivedby astute servants against stupid masters, the amours of vain-glorious soldiers and thenauseating boastings of parasites (3); performances which, even when they were true in theabstract were yet far removed from real life; and they applauded Gelli who, in the pro- logue of the 44 Sportabreaking away from tradition and following in the footsteps ofMacchiavelli said, 44 The play, not being other than a mirror of customs in private and44 civic life, treats, under a semblance of truth, only of such things as happen every day44 of our life. The place wherein the action moves is your Florence ; and this the author44 has selected for two reasons: the first because it would not be possible for him to choose44 a place that, both to you and to him, should be more acceptable, the other, because the44 greater number of the events that you will see have in their time taken place, and perhaps44 still take place, in Florence, and, should it prove necessary, he would be able tq tell you44 to whom and how." And welcome was given to another shoe-maker actor(Apollo vuol che sempre un calzaiuoloPer lui tenga in Firenze il principato,E sia nel far commedie unico e solo, (4)observed il Lasca), to Lotto,Ch'Ulisse e Turno da pprte lasciando,Dimostra solo a questa eta presenteRuggier, Gradasso, Marfisa ed Orlando;E Menandro e Terenzio ha per niente,Ma sol Giovan Boccaccio va imitando;Onde moderne fa con gran ragioneCommedie che non hanno paragone. (5)And the fertile Cecchi was lauded to the skies, especially when with the 44 Assiuolo "he presented a play which, if not entirely free from the influence of Boccaccio, he yetaffirmed to be "perfectly new" and "not derived from either Terence or Plautus, but from44 a thing recently befallen In Pisa between certain young students and certain ladies ".... A giudizfo del popolo fiorentinoE delle donne,f che piu pesa e grava,11 Cecchi ha visit© e superato il CinoChe prima era un poeta e scaccafava. (1) eantime, whilst this heated dispute was going 011 between the Florentine44 Letteratithere appeared on the scene a company of actors, and the peopleran in crowds to the 44 Stanza'% (for so their little theatre was called),abandoning Cecchi and Lotto and Cino and Bunanni, who looked very blankwhen these strolling players were allowed to inaugurate the new 44 Salone della Com media II Lasca rubs hisfhands and laughs behind their backs. &amp;Tutti i comic! nostri fiorentini Si che chi n'Sia compost© ne dia loro,Son per questa cagione addolorati: Pregando che le vogliono accettare ;Prima 11 Buonanni e la casa de? Cini Pol che ne fanno tanto buon lavoro,Si favoriti e tanto adoperati; Ch'ogni cosuzza una gran cosa pare.E Lotto e 11 Cecchi alfin, piccin piccini, La voce, gli atti e I gesti di costoroCon tutti gli altri dotti, son restati, Si graziosi fan maravigSiareParendo questa sorta loro arcigna, La gente alfin ffuor d'ogni umana g'ulsa,E IS Lasca chiude Focchiolino a ghigna. E quasi quasi crepar delle risa.Pensando il primo ognuno essere richiesto, NOll credo mai che gF istron passatl,La sua commedia aveva apparecchlato : Volete in Roma o volete in Atene,Chi Faveva mostra a quello e chi a questo, Si capricciosi giuochi esi garbatiSperando d'ora in ora essere chiamato ; Rappresentasser nell'antiche scene.Ma il popol poi weggendo manifesto Sei quei fur buon, questi son vantaggiatl,L'otsor del Zanssi in fino al cielo alzato, Questi fan meglio se quei fecer bene ;Senza piu altro intendere o sapere, Onde assai piu di lor fieno I GelosiAltre commedie non vuol piu vedere. Nei secoli avvenir sempre famosi. (2)&amp; There had in fact arrived in Florence nothing: less than the Company of 44 / Gelosi. 99To many of you this name is meaningless and will perhaps appear even ridiculous ;yet this was the most famous of all the Companies which during two centuries per=formed in Italy and abroad the Commedia delPArte, and it had as its ensign a twofacedJanus with the motto which gave rise to its name:44 Virtu, fama ed onor ne fer Gelosi99 (3)&amp; 44 Trappola mio I " (4) exclaimed in one of his dialogues he who was for many years its leader 44 no longer are such Companies to be found ; and this may be confidantly asserted44 respecting those that have but three or four good actors, their others being of little44 use and not equal to the chief actors of that famous Company where every role was44 remarkable. So fine was it in fact, that in the dramatic art it set a standard beyond44 which no company of actors could go and set an example for future actors as to how best44 to compose and interpret comedies, tragicomedies, tragedies, pastorals, Interludes and other44 performances such as are generally seen upon the stage".How sadly ephemeral is the glory of the actor who once touched our hearts or gladdenedour life, recreating an imaginary life upon the stage and giving form and substance tophantoms which appeared but faint in the pages of the poets ! What survives even of thatart by which Gustavo Modena delighted and intoxicated our fathers ? and it must be re- membered thai the 44Gelosf" left in history an even deeper mark than did this great actorof our own times for the reason that, while Modena's Company always resembled anabsolute monarchy that of the "Gelosi" was like a company of monarchs. Poor Andreini IWhat a bitter disillusionment would await him if he could raise his head from his Man- to van tomb,... he who in his emphatic style, (a sincere expression, however, of his enthusiasm),had prophesied that the the 44 GelosS " would never have seen 44 the last night". nfortunately there has come down to us only the echo of the applause, forthe best part of the Commedia deli'Arte,.,, that which really delighted theaudience, has drifted away like clouds before a gust of wind. &amp;&amp; Of a drama only the outline or 44 Scenario " was traced, the rest beingentrusted to the improvisation of the actors. And that rest was everything, (i) plots were for the most part taken from novels or from regular plays or evenfrom the classics and the dialogue was improvised afresh each time by the actors, theretore each performance of the same play necessarily differed from the others. A word, anaccent, a gesture of the actor could suggest a repartee or a new and unexpected issue;an event of the day, the presence in the theatre of a gentleman friend or of a lady....who was not a lady.... could inspire them then and there with a piquant allusion;the fact of being In a good or bad temper could Sight or quench in the actor the poeticfire. Every actor was an extemporary poet, and, as the actor Beltrame, (known* in ordi- nary life as Niccolo Barbieri) declared, ,4 the Italian actors have something in them of both44 the composer and the performer, for they invent fables and then adorn them with dis- courses born of their own fancy". For this reason the Commedia dell'Arte was not possible except in Italy, and was, Infact, not called 44 dell'Arte " to signify that it was the perfection among plays, the necplus ultra of the art as Maurice Sand affirmed, but rather because, in distinction tothe written comedies, it was not and could not be performed except by professional actors.here remain to us only the 44 Scenarios", the skeleton of it; 44 the most divine partflies away! " and before those silent lists of actors, those meagre indications of an actionwhich entangles and disentangles itself we experience that sense of melancholy whichcaused the poet, in contemplating the sepulchral effigy of a beautiful woman to exclaim &amp;44 Tal fosti; or qui sotterraPolve e scheletro sei ! (2)&amp; Listen, for example, fco the first act of one of the best scenarios from the repertory ofthe 44Gelosi". It is entitled 44The Dentist". Act one. Scene 1. Here Pantalone tells Pedrolino(servant) of the Sove he feels for the widow Isabella, that he suspects that Oratio his sonis already his rival, and that, fearing this, he has decided to send him away to college.Pedrolino reproves him, taking the part of Oratio ; they attack each other with words andblows. Pantalone beats Pedrolino and bites his arm, showing that he has bitten it badly.Pantalone, threatening, goes away saying he will speak of him to Franceschina (maidservant), Goes off. (i) Pedrolhio plans to revenge himself for the bite that Pantalone has given him.Scene 2. Here Franceschina searching for Oratio by order of her mistress, sees Pe- drolino and learns from him the reason of the pain in his arm ; they agree in revenge topretend that Pantalone's breath smells bad. Franceschina goes into the house; Pedrolinoremains. Scene 3. Here Flavio, (brother of Isabella) confessing his love affair to Pedro- lino knocks against his arm. Pedrolino cries out; then they agree to pretend that Panta- one's breath smells bad. Flavio goes out, Pedrolino remains. Scene 4. Here the Doctor,to whom Pantalone owes 25 ducats, takes Pedrolino by the arm, who cries out, and makeswith him the same agreement about the smelling breath, promising to get him his 2sducats. Doctor goes out, Pedrolino goes to find Oratio. Scene 5. Here enters CaptainSpavento, boasts of his love for Isabella and his bravery. Here Harlequin the servant ofIsabella acts a comic scene and goes in to bring Isabella out. Captain waits. Flaminiadaughter of Pantalone, who from the window has seen the Captain whom she loves begsor his love. In this Isabella comes out expecting to find Oratio. Captain begs her love ;she drives him away and he does the same with Flaminia, making a triangular duel. In theend Isabella goes into the house repulsing the Captain. He does the same with Flaminiaand goes away. She remains disconsolate Scene 6. Here Pedrolino, who has secretlyheard all, threatens to tell her father; then they agree about the matter of her father'sbreath. She goes in. Pedrolino, whose arm hurts him more than ever although he has hadit attended to, wants to revenge himself at all costs. &amp; Scene 7. Here Arlecchino arrives.Pedrolino bribes him with money to pretend to be a dentist, he sends him to disguisehimself; Arlecchino goes out; Pedrolino remains. Scene 8. In this Oratio understandsfrom Pedrolino of his father Pantalone's rivalry for the love of Isabella and that he intends tosend him away to College; Oratio, sorrowful at the bad news, appeals to Pedrolino whopromises help and they agree about the matter of the breath. Oratio wishes to talk withIsabella. Pedrolino calls her. Isabella learns of his love and ofjhis coming departure. She isdistressed by it. Enter Pantalone talking loudly. Isabella hearing him goes in. Pedrolinoscorns Oratio because he does not want to go to Perugia. Pantalone sees his son, whomhe orders to go and get ready immediately because he wishes him to go to Perugia. Oratio,very timidly, goes in to get ready giving a look to Pedrolino. Pantalone is hearing fromPedrolino how he has spoken with Franceschina, when Pedrolino says, "ohibo, master, yourbreath smells outrageously!" Pantalone laughs at him. Then Franceschina does the same,saying that if his breath had not smelt Isabella would love him, aad she goes in. Pantalone- wonders. Then Flavio passes and, at a sign from Pedrolino, acts in the same way to Pan- talone and goes off. Pantalone is surprised. In this scene the Doctor arrives. Pedrolino makesa sign to him about the breath. The Doctor does the same as the others and goes off. Pan- taione wants to ask his daughter if it is true about this. He calls her. Flaminia confessesto her father that his breath smells outrageously and goes in. They (Pantalone and Pedro- lino) remain. Scene 9. Oratio, from the house, confirms the same thing, then returnsinto the house. Pantalone resolves to have out the tooth which causes the bad smell. Heorders Pedrolino to bring him a dentist and goes in. Pedrolino remains. &amp;&lt;£? Arlecchino dressed as a dentist. Pedrolino orders Arlecchino to pull out all Pantalone'steeth, telling him that they are decayed. Goes out. Arlecchino under the window cries44 Who has decayed teeth ?" At that Pantalone calls him from the window. Then comesout. Arlecchino pulls out his instruments, which are all smith's irons, naming them ridicu- lously. He makes him sit down and with the pincers pulls him out four good tefeth. Pan- talone owing to the pain, catches hold of the dentist's beard which, being false, remainsin his hand. Arlecchino runs away. Pantalone throws the chairafter him. Then, bemoaninghimself with pain goes into the house. And here the first act finishes. &amp;Sunt lacrimoe rerum ! This is but the plot, the web of an embroidery that, by those whosaw it we hear extolled for the exquisite variety, vividness and contrast of its colours; it isbut the dregs of an intoxicating wine from which the spirit has evaporated ; it is but thetopographical plan of a city celebrated In history, now in ruins. In fact a scenario in com- parison with the performance of it is something less than modern Pompei as comparedwith the delightful city which once fascinated, confident in Its pleasures, at the feet of thetreacherous Vesuvius. &amp; Where, for example, it simply says, "Captain Spavento, boasts of his love for Isabella andhis own bravery Francesco Andreini in his performance broke forth into one of thosemonologues which were of themselves enough to secure the success of the play and whichthe skilful actor developed in writing and gave to posterity under the title of "Le Bravure?di Capitano Spavento dlvise in molti ragionamenti in forma di dialogo" (Venice 1624).These "Bravure" are extravagances, exaggerations, blunders devised and fitted together by aboaster who is terribly afraid and who, while he boasts of having knocked the bottom outof Hell, submits to a beating from Arlecchino. Reading them today they no longer make uslaugh; for instance it almost annoys us that it should ever have been possible to laugh athearing this order of the Captain to the paper merchant: " for a sheet of paper send me44 the skin of the dragon Hesperio'; for a pen the horn of the rhinoceros; for ink the tears44 of the crocodile; for sand, the desert; for wax the foam of Cerberus and for seal the44 petrifying head of Medusa". But it must not be forgotten that our literary tastes aremuch changed and that certain allusions either escape us or reach us cold, and that, aboveall, we are not able to hear that nonsense from the lips, and accompanied by the movementsand tricks of those players who were masters of acting. One can in any case guess howthoroughly an audience at the end of the fifteenth century would appreciate the order ofthe Captain to the cook that he should prepare for dinner three dishes of meat; "let thefirst be of Jew's flesh, the second of Turk's flesh and the third of the flesh of Lutherans";or the story that, as often as 44 he had dined and supped with Pluto the king of Hell, sooften had it befallen him to eat a some roasted Lutheran or ragout of Calvinlst". ■£?The Commedia dell'Arte Is above all the work of actors who were the creators and In- terpreters of their own parts. They selected that role for which they felt themselves tobe best suited and Identified themselves with it in such away that the drama had toadapt itself to them and not they to the drama. They retained the names with which theyhad for the first time won the approval of the public, and in the scenario that we havehere copied, as in all the other Scenarios of the Gelosi, 44 Flavio " stands for Flaminio Scala"Captain Spavento" for Francesco Andreini, 44 Orazio " for Orazio Noblli (1) and "Isabella"for Isabella Andreini, since often the stage name chosen was the christian name of theactor. When it was said therefore that Flavio or Isabella would take part in the play ft notonly meant that there would be those characters but those very actors. Even in privatelife and in their correspondance with princes and with secretaries they came to use thestage name, sometimes alone, sometimes adding their own family name to it. And, in fact,even now everyone knows the stage name of Moliere but perhaps all do not know hisfamily name.When the part assumed had nothing markedly characteristic, as that of the lover, whomight be either coy or ardent or chivalrous, the stage name died with the actor and therehas been but one Flavio, one Orazio, one Isabella. But often the actor succeeded in hittingoff a local caricature or a type of a certain kind of person and then the character outlivedthe actor and the first stage name was perpetuated. And whoever afterwards should wishto represent the old Venetian, or the Bergamese servant, or the Bolognese pedant, or theNeapolitan peasant was obliged to call himself Pantalone, Brighella or Arlecchino, DoctorGraziano or Pulcinella and to dress himself in traditional style, to speak that particular dialect with certain special inflections of the voice, and even to utter certain sayings andmake certain movements and certain grimaces. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Thus the Commedia dell'Arte came to lack variety and the actors degenerated into ma=&gt;rlonettes. One fine day in fact the actors of flesh and blood no longer seemed necessaryand puppets were substituted. You know this, and that it is In the booth of the puppets thatnow languishes the glorious Commedia which should have rendered inmortal the name ofthe jg? &amp; et us go back to happier times. When in 1578 the celebrated Company came toFlorence to the delight of il Lasca and the annoyance of the other playwrightsit was returning from France where it had won many laurels. It had been invitedthere by an Italian queen, Catherine del Medici, who had introduced into the French court her tastes and culture as a Florentine lady of the Renaissance. JS?&amp; We were respected as sovereigns In the realm of art even then when we were regarded as so low politically; and whoever beyond the mountains and the sea had 44 cuore gen- tile " learned our language with that of our forefathers so as to be able to enjoy theharmony of Boccaccio's and Macchiavelli's periods, the soave melody of the sonnets ofPetrarch and Bembo, the subtle and melancholy cadence of the octaves of Ariosto and, alittle later, of Tasso. How great was the wonder of that nation which today seems to ar- rogate to itself the monopoly of everything referring to the theatre, when in 1548, itwitnessed the performance of the " Calandria " which the " Florentine nation " causedto be given at Lyons by the best living Italian actors who had been brought thereat great expense to honour the royal 44 concittadina Brantdme who witnessed It declaresthe performance to have been a thing 4(5 que I'on n'avoit encores veu, et rare en France,44 car paradvaist on n© parloit que des farceurs, des connardz de Ron an, des joueurs de la44 Basoche, et autres sortes de badins et jouers de badinages, farces mommeries et sotieries".How charmed they must have been with those decorations and those views of Florence pain- ted by the Florentine Nannocchio, and how they must have marvelled at those actors, andespecially those actresses, 44 qui estoient tres-beSSes, parloient tres-bien et de fort bonnegrace " I jgr &amp; jg? *£? &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;£? After that year, in 1555, there were performed at court by some gentlemen the 44 Lu- cidi " of Firenzuola and the 49 Flora " of Alamanni, and In 2560 the 44Sofonisba" translatedby Saint-Gelais was performed by the king's daughters and by other ladies and younggirls. The queen considered that this tragedy 44iiad brought evil to the affairs of the .kingdom"and would have nothing more to do with tragedies though 44 ouy Men des comedies et44 tragicomedies, et mesnies celles de Zanni et Pantalons, y prenant grand plaisir, et y rioit44 son saoul comme tine autre, car elle rioit volontiers ". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; It was during the year 1571 that this first 44 principle " company of 44 comic! d'arte "for there was another company before them) of arrived in France, summoned there on theoccasion of the rejoicings for the entry into Paris of King Charles IX with his bride. Thevivacity and gaiety of the new actors, the facility and spontaneousness of their improvi- sation, the coaxing ways of the servant girls and the virtuous galanteries of the leadingladies won the hearts of aB, princes and courtiers, and the English ambassador hastenedto give an account of them In an official despatch to his Queen, who among her subjectsalready counted the youth Shakespeare. 4? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;4? In France, however, theatrical performances were objectionable to certain religiousorders, and these, profiiting by the absence of the King, complained to the magistrateswho, being too timid of conscience to share the admiration of their sovereigns for theultramontane actors, were glad to sentence them to fines and banishment and the royalprotection scarcely served to save these unfortunate people from the fines. 4/ All the same they reappeared at Paris the following year to enliven the nuptials ofthe King of Navarre with one of the king's sisters. The Company, which seems alreadyat that time to have had Its title of 4Gelosi% was led by a Bergamese, Alberto, celebra- ted under his stage name of Ganassa, to whom, above all others, is perhaps due theinvention of the role and name of the second Zanni, that is, of Harlequin. At Mantova,before crossing the Alps, he had been obliged, by the Duke's wish, to join his old companyto the other ied by Pantaleone ; hence Brantdme referred to their plays as 44Celles de Zanniet Pantalons " and a certain Monsieur De !a Fresnaye VauqueSin imortalised in his verse,44 Ou Se bon Pantalou, ou %auy dont GanasseNous a represents la et la grace. (1)It creates a tragi-conilc impression to read, under a date anterior but a few days to theterrible tragedy of St Bartholemew, a note of the payment by the Court Treasurer 44 a44 Albert Ganasse, joueur de commedies,.. taut a luy que a ses compaignonse en considera- tion du plaisir qu'Hz out donne a Sa Majeste... en plusieurs commedies qu'ilz out re- -44 presentees par di verses fois devanfc sa dicte Majeste". &amp;In October the Company was still at Paris; then It seems that it r © turned Into Italy,for In 1572 we hear of the "ados!" at Genoa and In 1574 at Venice, while in the meantimeGanassa was gone to seek his fortune beyond the Pyranees. He who had made the Frenchlaugh so heartily by mimicking a haughty Spanish gentleman under the name of Baron deGuenesche, in whose mouth he put a mixture of Bergamese and Spanish, was now going tothe court of Philip II to set laughing, if not the king himself (who it is said, never laughed),those very " valamedios " barons themselves ! For some years a mysterious drama had beenhushed up at that Court. The firstborn of Catherine dei Medici, affianced to the Prince, DonCarlos, but afterwards married by King Philip had died of a mysterious malady at the earlyage of twenty three, and, with her, her princely lover. Isabella, or Elisabetta, of France hadtaken part both as spectator and actress in the performances given in the French court,and in Spain, during those years she spent there, perhaps awoke the smiles of those Museswho had sprung into so fair a renewed life in her mother's beautiful native city.Certainly the company " des comediantes Italianos, cuya cabeza y autor era AlbertoGanassa " received a warm welcome there. It performed " comedias italianas, mimlcas for"la mayor parte y bufonescas de asuntos triviales y populares" in which figured "las" personas de Arlequin, del Pantalon, del Dotore, etc" and a contemporary assures us thateven if Ganassa was not "well and perfectly understood" there, "none the less, with"that little which was understood he made the assembly laugh, and he made much money"in those cities and from him the Spaniards learned to make plays in Spanish fashion"which they had not previously done ". It must not be thought that this is empty boasting. The popular Italian comedy hadthere the effect of a gust of wind sweeping away the mist of prejudice, and it was perhapsnot without credit to Ganassa that Lope de Vega, (who at the time of this visit was abouttwelve years old,) could say, " When I set out to write a play I lock up the rules under" ten keys and banish Plautus and Terence from my room for fear that they should murmur" against me. I write following the style of those who seek the applause of the public," since after all, seeing that it is the public which pays, it seems to me only just to speak" to it, even in an illiterate manner, but always so as to amuse ". enice in the Carnival of 1574 saw a performance of these companions of Ga=nassa who had not followed him beyond the Pyranees and In the spring theytransported their trappings to Milan where they co-operated in the festivalswhich the city celebrated in honour of Don Giovanni of Austria, the hero ofLepanto. In July however they were recalled to the Lagoons. &amp; *£? The second son of Catherine dei Medici, Henry king of Poland, who, on the death ofhis brother Charles, was hastening to occupy the hereditary throne, was to pass throughVenice. The " Serenissima" exerted himself to the utmost to receive him in a fittingmanner, and, among other things he sent to the frontier four noblemen to learn fromthe lips of the king himself what amusements were most to his taste. And that prince,who had fied by night through a little secret door from the kingdom of Versovia (thusfalling In his regal obligations towards that generous people which had elected him asits sovereign,); that prince whom his mother enjoined to hasten his coming to take pos- session of the most dreaded crown in Europe, found time amid the cares and anxietiesof a perilous journey to make known to the government of tbe Republic that he had anardent desire to witness a performance by the actors who had been at Venice in the winter,especially the prima donna whose fame had reached him ; ....surely a detail worthy of thefantasy of Shakespeare! And how comical is that futile bustle of the republican ambassadorso that the desired lady should not be lacking to the amusement of the most Christianking, and of the Milanese resident that the actors should be ready at Venice for the dayof his arrival! &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;There was only time to perform two improvised comedies and one " molto grata etgratiosa " tragi-coinedy, which latter is also said to have given " mirabil piacere " to thattragi-comic king. It does not seem however that he was much pleased with the lady.And yet how perfect she was, that " Signora Vittoria " ! " Divina Vittoria ", exclaimsa contemporary " who metamorphosises herself on the stage ; beautiful magician of love " who wins the hearts of a thousand lovers with her words ; sweet siren who takes pri- -44 soner with sweet sounds the souls of her devout audience and who undoubtedly deserves"to be cited as a compendium of the art, having proportioned gestures, harmonious and44 becoming movements, majestic and graceful action ; words sweet and affable, sighs44 delicate and subtle, laughter agreable and charming, comportment lofty and noble, and44 showing in her whole person a perfect decorum such as belongs to, and is becoming44 to, a perfect actress." And another contemporary who acted as chronicler of thesefestivals, Thomaso Porcacchi, described her as 44 Unica ". All the same king Henrv, when,after some years, he had adjusted the affairs of state and could think once more of thegay days passed at Venice, no longer asked after her with the old enthusiasm; he wroteinstead with his own hand the following fetter to the French ambassador at Venice;44 Now that peace is made in my kingdom I wish to have here the 44 Magnifique " 44 the one who came to me at Venice on my return from Poland, with all the actors of the46 company of tne 44 Qelosi". I beg you to seek out the said 44 Magnifique " and tell him44 to come to me according to the letter I write him and which you will deliver to him.44 You will also furnish him with the money necessary for his journey, letting me know44 what you have given him. I will order those who attend to my finances that it be re- -44 turned to you soon. Henry".Giulio Pasquati was, in truth, a 44 Magnifico " not only in name. The chronicler hadalready declared himself undecided whether in his manner of acting 44 la gratia o I'acutezzade capricci spiegati a tempo et sententiosamente " predominated. For the moment, how- ever, he was not to be had; he was delighting another monarch, the Emperor of Austria,and it was necessary to wait until his engagements there were ended. However onJanuary 25th of the year 1577 he, together with the "Gelosi". was at Blois where KingHenry had convoked the States General, and that same evening they performed before thefinest flower of the French aristocracy and in the same hall, gorgeously decorated withtapestries worked in gold thread, where the representatives of the nation met. They arri- ved a iittle late because on the way, in the neighbourhood of Charite sur Loire, they hadfallen into the hands of the Huguenots, who had claimed and obtained from the king aconsiderable ransom ; but they were yet in time to turn the heads of those busy idlers ;and it did not suffice that an ardent court preacher carried his intrepidity tothe point of blaming in the presence of the king himself whoever should be present atthose profane and scandalous spectacles, because that very day the Sovereigns and the Courtbetook themselves to the play I The leader of the Company seems to have been FlaminioScala, noted, as his biographer tells us, for being the first who gave to the improvisedCommedia dell'Arte 44 a definite form with all good rule, " and for having invented manyscenarios. The scenario of the 44 Dentist", of which I have already quoted a part, is hisand so are the other forty nine which, all together, make up the 44 teatro delle favoie rap- presentative overo la ricreatlone comic aboscareccia e tragica divisa in cinquanta giornate "(1)which is the most ancient collection of scenarios and the very cream of the repertory ofthe "Gelosi". The States General having been dismissed on March 7, Scala, before returningto Italy, gave some performances at Paris in that hall of the Petit-Bourbon where,some years later, In 1614, were to be held the last assemblies of the States General ofmonarchical France before the eighty-nine, and where in less than a century the son ofthe upholsterer Poquelin was to inaugurate the real modern comedy, cementing the loosestones of our Commedia dell'Arte.^But this Company also drew down upon Itself the wrath of the confraternities and themagistrates, and this time with greater reason, because the actors attracted to their per- formances a larger crowd that the united congregations of the four best preachers inParis! The King, however, made his voice heard and his protection felt, and the grumblingmagistracy took note that 44 the corruption of those times was such that players in farces,buffoons, favourites (4&lt; mignons ") all found favour with the king." &amp; £? &amp; t was this very company which in the beginning of 2578 came to Florenceto make trouble among those rival playwrights. IS Lasca composed a kindof Poster announcing their arrival and in derision of his presumptuouscoiieagues:Facendo il Bergamesco e' 1 Venezlano, N'andiamo in ogni parte,E' 1 recitar commedie e la nostr'arte ....Questi vostri dappochi commediaiCerte lor filastroccole vi fanno,Lunghe e piene di guai,Che rider poco e manco piacer danno;Tanto che per Faffanno,Non solamente agli uomini e alle donne,Ma verrebbero a noia alle colonne. (1)And he repeatedly invited the citizens to come.... alia Stanza ad udir Zanni,La Nespola, ii Magnifico e' I Graziano,E Francatrippa che vale un tesoro,E gli altri dicitor di mano in mano,Che tutti fanno bene gli atti loro! (2)The 44 Magnifico Pantalone" was still the same who had aroused the admiration ofHenry 111. Graziano,.... that is to say, the Bolognese pedant, was Ludovico de' Bianchi, themost famous interpreter, (though not the creator), of that type since the time when heacted with Ganassa a 44 Lus Burchiello Gratia ". II Lasca describes the way in which he tookoff his cap :Che gentilmente la piglia con mano,Poi la scuote e dimena con gran fretta;E quando Tusa piu di dimenarePiu vuol amico o signore onorare. (3)&amp; Francatrippa who spoke the Bolognese dialect mixed with some Tuscanisms, wasGabriello Panzanini, and another Bolognese, Simone, acted as Harlequin and we find himdistinguished as an observer of the 44 vero dicoro " of the Bergamese tongue. Nor was therelacking a local caricature, 44 Zanobio da Piombino " entrusted to Girolamo Salimbeni.The leader of all this fine company was the Pistoiese, Francesco Andreini, 44 CaptainSpavento ".JZ? Although but thirty years old he had lived those years to the full, having embarked ata very early age on the Tuscan galleys and fallen into the hands of the Turks whence hehad only succeeded in escaping after eight years of slavery. Thanks to his culture and talenthe had received a warm welcome in Scala's company. He first played the part of the Inna- morato, but afterwards showed yet greater talent in acting the role of 44 Captain Spa- vento da ValPinferna", (Valdinferna is a city which one finds named in the chivalricromances); and at times he tried to invent others also. At Milan, for instance, he relates that lie played "the part of a Sicilian Doctor, very comic" and that of "a wizard named" Falsirone, most remarkable for the number of tongues which he spoke, such as French,Spanish, Slav, Greek, Turkish"; and then " marvellously the part of a shepherd named"Corinto in the pastorals, playing many and varied wind instruments made up of many"flutes, singing rural verses in imitation of Sannazaro ".At Florence, in the early months of this year 1578, he had the good fortune to marrythe artiste who has left the most illustrious name in the history of our theatre,.... thatwonderful Isabella, " beautiful in name, beautiful in body and most beautiful in spirit"(this is certified by her husband, who ought to know !) " queen of beautiful and virtuouswomen," who used "as distaff the book, as spindle the pen and as needle the style ".&amp; She was at that time sixteen, having been born in Padua in 1562; and I would not haveyou think that in the words of her actor-husband there was any exaggeration. TommasoGarzoni, the panegyrist of the " Divina Vittoria " (who seems to have been a specialist insinging the praises of 'prime donne') declared her to be "an adornment of the scene, an"ornament of the theatre, a superb spectacle of virtue no less than of beauty", and pre- dicted that " while the world lasts, while the centuries endure, while times and seasons"shall continue, every voice, every tongue, every cry will repeat the celebrated name of" Isabella ". Bayle tells us that she " sang well and played admirably on instruments " ;Delia Chiesa, that she "wrote very well in Latin, Spanish and French and had no smallknowledge of philosophy ". Quadrio, that to her art, " universally reputed dangerous tothe honour of women, she knew how to add supreme modesty and perfect innocency ofmorals"; Chiabrera sang her praises in her life time after hearing her recite at Savona in 1584and Marino sang them after her death. And if all this seems to you little you must knowthat she stirred even the muse of Tasso who, at a banquet given in her honour by theCardinal Aldobrandini to which were also invited six other cardinals, Antonio Ongaro and" altri poeti chiarissimi", sat beside her and addressed to her a sonnet breathing forth themost delicate gallantry. hatever had become in the meantime of the Signora Vittoria ? It does notseem that she went to France with the " Gelosi " nor that she came toFlorence, so that it almost appears as if she were no longer with them, forthe presence of so radiant a star could not have remained unnoted. In1590 we find her again at Mantua as leader of a Company which she called " dei Confldenti" but which the public knew better under the name of the Company ofthe Signora Vittoria, and apparently enjoying the full favour of the Duke, who, owing tothat blessed mania of rearranging and handling the Companies which all his family had toa certain extent, caused in that year some distress to the Diva. We too are moved by theletter written to him on June 22 by the compassionate secretary, who refers in it to acertain lady,... perhaps a member of the Company of Pedrolino... at whom it seems thatthe Duke had begun to cast sheep's eyes.^" I went to Signora Vittoria to wish her good day and I found her in such distress that"she almost made me weep, telling me that your serene Highness has said that some of" her Company, under pain of your displeasure, are to go into the company of that woman" (perhaps not over-healthy from what I hear), the said lady lamenting and declaring that"she does not know why the most Serene Prince should wish to do her this injury of break- " ing up her Company, she having never ceased to serve him, neither by day nor by night" at all hours ; and why as reward for all this she should deserve such an injury.The Duke, fortunately, had not a heart of stone, and those sweet recollections, andperhaps also the clever insinuation that Vittoria's rival was not " over-healthy " disposedhim to more humane counsels, and, in December of the same year, on the occasion of hisson's wedding, he requested that the Signora Vittoria, who with her Company had under- taken a tour of the various cities, should come to Mantua for the Carnival. &amp;But the real artistic rival of the Signora Vittoria was Isabella, and in May 1589, for themarriage of Ferdinand de' Medici with Cristina of Lorraine, we find the two, by the willof the Grand Duke, face to face at Florence. Vittoria, who "at that time was the miracleof the stage" as Baldinucci attests, performed in her favourite play, "La Zingana" on May 6th, while on the 13th Isabella astounded everyone with her " valore ed eloquenza "acting a piece of her own invention, "La Pazzla After this each one went her way, theSignora Vittoria with the " Confidenti " and the " Uniti Isabella with the " Gelosi ".It would be neither easy nor interesting to follow these companies in all their hazardouswanderings and adventures. It will suffice to say that, after leaving Florence in the firstdays of 1579 the "Gelosi" went to Venice at Carnival time, where for several evenings PrinceFerdinand of Bavaria was among the spectators. This prince was an old admirer of theItalian Commedia who already in 1565, during the festivities for the wedding of Francescode' Medici with Giovanna of Austria, had enjoyed, at Verona the performance of a Zauny,at Mantila of a play, at Florence a splendid production with a prologue delivered by adoctor mounted upon a donkey, and at Verona on his return another very amusing andenjoyable comedy.^&amp; The "Gelosi" afterwards took their way to Mantua which, thanks to the protection of itsDukes, was then literally the head quarters of all actors. But alas! their reception therewas not pleasant i A ducal decree dated May sth ordered " that there be quickly driven"away from the City and State of Mantua the actors known as the "Gelosi" who are lodged"at the Sign of the Bissone, and likewise Signor Simone who plays the part of a Bergamese,"and Signor Orazio, and Signor Adriano who plays the lovers' parts (parte amantiorum) and"their friend Gabriele known as " dalle Haste ". Fortunately the decree does not mentionthe Andrelni and I could not tell you what the others can have done to deserve such ri- gorous treatment on the part of a prince who always lived in the midst of actors whowere not exactly saints!&amp; We next find them in July at Genoa; from here they went on to Milan. In May 1580they were again at Milan furnished with a licence from the Governor; but in July theywere forbidden to act there any more. They had in that city a formidable enemy, no lessa person than the Cardinal Borromeo, who would have liked to see them exterminated. Butthey managed so well and were so diplomatic that the Governor gave them permission toresume their performances " from the beginning of September ".During the carnival of 1581 they were at Venice whither they returned once more inthe April of 1583. In 1586 they were at Mantua, and Prince Vincenzo favoured Isabella withthe unusual honour and most marked favour of accepting Lavinia her daughter as " hismost humble servant,...." that is, of acting as her godfather. &amp;&amp; In the following January we find them at Florence where Isabella, who was as prolificas she was gifted, had the opportunity of asking the Grand Duke to accord herthe same favour on behalf of another daughter as that which had already been granted toher by his princely son-in-law. Better fortune befell the Company towards the end of 1602.The new queen of France, Marie, who was also of the House of Medici, sent the "Gelosi" aflattering invitation to go to the French court, and to what extent Isabella made the grand- fathers of Moliere lose their heads is sufficiently demonstrated in these halting verses whichshe inspired a certain Isaac du Ruyer to write:Je ne crois point qu' Isabelle Qui s'est deguise en femmeSoit une femme mortelle ; Afin de nous ravir FameC'est plutot qu' un des dieux Par I'oreille et par les yeux.&amp; In April 1604 they asked and obtained a licence from the king, and the graceful queenwished to provide an honourable certificate for the no less graceful actress, " being ableto assure you" as she wrote to the Duchess of Mantua, "that during the time she has" dwelt here both she and her company have given full satisfaction to my Lord the King" and to me ". But on the way back, at Lyons, Isabella was taken seriously ill, and a fewdays afterwards, on June 10th, died, or, if you like it better, her spirit "parted company"with the body which it left on earth that it might fly away to heaven, neither the"prayers nor tears of those who had admired her being able to hold her back", as themost authoritive historian of those times tells us. Then, and for about two centurier af- terwards burial in consecrated ground was not in France accorded to actors, but Isabella'sdeath so touched the parish priest that he wrote as follows in his registers: "She is" deceased with the universal reputation of being one of the most rare women in the world" for learning as well as for speaking in many languages". She was carried to the grave with all honours, 44 favoured " as Beltrame attests, 44 by the Community of Lyons "with banners and mace=bearers and torches accompanied by the 44 Signori Mercanti," and44 she had a most beautiful epitaph written in bronze for an everlasting memorial".&amp; Francesco Andreini, having lost his beloved companion, disbanded his Company andfrom that day attended only to the publication of his works in verse and prose, all, moreor less directly, devoted to the memory of this adored woman.But for her own glory and for the honour of that art which she had so much adornedIsabella had herself provided even better, not only by her plays and poems but by bringinginto the world at Florence, towards the end of that same year 1578 when il Lasca had sojoyously hailed the arrival of the "Gelosi", her first born son, Giambattista. The heir of hismother's virtue and talent, this son corresponds in respect to his father to the poet ofthe 44 Aminta " in respect to that of the 44 Amadigi ". On the stage he was called Lelio,and was for a long time at the head of the Company of the "Fedeli" which in or about 1604was made up in great part of the actors of the disbanded Company of the 44Gelosi". In 1601he married at Milan the eighteen=year=o!d Virginia Ramponi, who, aided by the intelligentdirection of her husband, was, under the name of Florinda, to make it seem that the lossof her mother=in=law was not entirely irreparable. This was affirmed to the sorrowing sonby one of those many rhymesters who let their tears flow over Isabella's tomb:Vive la madre tua ne la tua sposaCh&amp; de lo suo divin dandole parte,In Virginia respira e in lei si cole. (1)And it was repeated with yet greater emphasis by events. In the spring of 1608 whenthe nuptials of the prince Francesco were being celebrated in Mantua with Margherita ofSavoy, daughter of Charles Emanuel I, one of the young Romans, Caterinuccia Martinelli,was to sing in 44 Arianna", an Opera by Ottavio Rinuccini with airs by Monteverdi and re«citatives by Peri. In the first days of March, struck down by smallpox, the singer died.Where and how were they to find in so short a time anyone to take her place ? Why, 10,there presents herself Virginia Andreini! Antonio Costantini, Tasso's friend, wrote fromthere on March 18th: 44 God inspired them to try if 44 Florinda " should show talent in this44 part, and in six days she has got it perfectly by heart and sings it with so much grace44 and feeling that she has astonished Madama, Signor Rinuccini and all the gentlefolk who44 have heard her ". Among these last there was perhaps also Marino, who, in the 44Adone"(VII. 68), speaking of the performance left it on record,44 E in tal guisa Florinda udisti, o Manto,La nei teatri de' tuoi regi tetti,D'Arianna spiegar gli aspri martiri,E trar da mille cor mille sospiri. (2)To Florinda was due a great part of the triumphs of the 44 Fedeli " in Italy and in France,until, in 1627, she I 4 left the stage of this world ". The faithless head of the 44 Fedeli " didnot, however, imitate the paternal example, and continued to direct the Company until1652 when, an old man of seventy, remarried to the actress Lidia, he finally retired fromthe theatre.He left behind him a great collection of lyric and heroic poems, comedies, sacred andprofane tragedies, tragicomedies, pastorals, sonnets, dialogues, and visions: and, if he lackedcertain numbers to make him a great poet certainly one of these was not the number ofhis productions! Something, however, has survived him, and the curious eyes of studentsand dilettanti are yet turned upon that 44 sacra rappresentazione " Adam which certainlyseems to have served as Scenario for the 44 Paradise Lost". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;4411 y a souvent" says Voltaire, 4# dans les choses ou tout parait ridicule ou vulgaire, Un coin de grandeur qui ne se fait apercevoir qu'aux hommes de genie; and Milton" decouvrit, a travers I'absurdite de I'ouvrage, la sublimits cachee du sujet he Commedia dell'Arte was not a monopoly of the Andreini's nor did itend with them, and I ought to speak of distinguished actors such as theRiccobonis, Fiorillo, Domenico Biancolelli, Tommaso Visentino known as" Tommasino Carlo Bertinazzi known as " Carlino of celebrated wo- men such as Maria Malloni known as " Ceiia " (of whom Marino wrote as follows:Celia s'appella, e ben del Clel nel voltoPorta la luce e la belt&amp; celeste ;Ed oltre ancor, che come 11 Cielo e bellaE ha Tarmonia del Clel nell favella. (1)and of Flaminia Riccoboni and Aurelia Bianchi; of dilettanti like Salvator Rosa, of whomLippi wrote" Plttor, passa chiunque tele imbiacca,Tratta d'ogni scienza ut ex professo,*E in palco fa si ben Coviel Patacca,Che, sempre ch'ei si muove o ch'ei favellaFa proprio sgangherarti le mascella", (2)and also of Evangelista Torricelli, Viviani and Bernini; but,"....son giunto a quel segno, 11 qual s'io passo,Vi potria la mia istoria esser molesta. (3)I must however add that, in literature, our Commedia bore more enduring fruits beyondthe limits of its native land. There came about for it the opposite of that which had hap=»pened in the case of the chilvaric poems, and the Ariosto who elaborated, far away fromItaly, that comic material created by our improvisors was, as you know, Moliere. "We"must never forget that the priority of this ingenious and piquant imitation of nature" belongs to Italy, and that, without that rich and interesting precedent, Moliere would" never have created the real French comedy " says George Sand, and there have not beenlacking Rajnas to search into the reliquaries of the Commedia delTArte and to find theresketches for plots, scenes, episodes, types, characters, which, in the hand of the genialplaywright, became Tartuffe, the " Malade imaginaire ", f« George Dandin ", " Trissotin" Sganarelle ", " Scapin ". &amp;The great artist has added the colours to the outline drawn in charcoal, so that theirvitality is thus no longer perishable. Certainly, the theatre of Moliere was the mostexquisite fruit of the Commedia delTArte, which had found almost a second home in France.But it can boast of yet other honours and other services. &amp;&amp; I have already referred to Spain and to Lope de Vega. A little before his time, in 1568,a certain Giovanni Tabarino had carried our Commedia to Linz on the Danube, whence hepassed to Vienna in the official quality of comedian to his Majesty. He seems to haveremained there until 1574» making a little trip to France in the February of 1571, butthis more ancient Tabarino must not be confused with the famous buffoon of the samename who was the fashion in Paris from 1618 to 1630. And during the time that he spentat Vienna there chanced to come also the Florentines Antonio Soldino (returning fromFrance), and Orazio; and then Giulio, Giovanni the Venetian, Giovan Maria the Roman, and the two Travisans, Silvestro and that Battista who acted as " Franceschina " ; and,later, Pier Maria Cecchini, who was a poet and essayist as well as an actor under thename of Fritellino, and whom the Emperor Mathias " ennobled, habituating him to every" chilvaric exercise, rendering him worthy of all that is conceded to every gentleman ofquality. &amp; &amp;&amp;?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;jg? An example of the pleasures of the Commedia dell'Arte had been given some yearsbefore 1568 in the Bavarian Court by a Flemish musician who had lived for a long timeamong us, Orlando di Lasso, and by a Neapoiltan musician, Massimo Trojano, who gives usan account of it. The wedding of the Duke, William IV with Renata di Lorena, was beingcelebrated and one fine day the Duke took it into his head to have a play performed thenext night. He asked one of Maestro Orlando who in his turn asked his colleague Trojanoto help him. No sooner said than done. They devised the " dilettevole soggetto.' and per- formed on the following evening an improvised comedy in Italian in presence of all the" most serene ladies ", and, although the majority did not understand what was said, the" Magnifico Veneziano " Messer Orlando di Lasso with his " Zanne " succeeded so well asto convulse them all with laughter. &amp; &amp;The parts were distributed as follows: Messer Orlando himself was " the MagnificentMesser Pantalone di Bisognosi"; M. Gio. Battista Scolari da Trento was the Zanne; Mas- simo Trojano took three parts, the prologue as a stupid peasant ("a peasant, alia cavajolaso queerly dressed that he seemed the very Ambassador of laughter") Polidoro the Inamo- rato, and the Spanish dispetato under the name of Don Diego di Mendozza. The servantof Polidoro was Don Carlo Livizzano; the servant of the Spaniard was Giorgio Dori daTrento; the courtesan, Polidoro's lover, called Camilla, was the Marchese di Malaspina ;her servant, Ercole Terzo ; there was also a French servant. To enliven the performanceyet more the play was varied by interludes and musical madrigals by Lasso. &amp; •£?&amp; In Germany it cannot be said that the seeds of the Commedia dell'Arte fell uponfruitful ground. On the other hand in 1527 there crossed to England a company led by aMantuan Harlequin, Drusiano Martinelli, brother of a yet more celebrated Harlequin whocalled himself " Dominus Arlecchinorum " and, owing to the queen of France having actedas Godmother to a daughter of his, called her " commare " and signed himself"Arlecchino compadre christianissimo ". At the court of Elizabeth it is probable that thetwo rival buffoons Tarleton and Wilton learned from him to improvise on mere '♦scenarios"and to compose these. &amp; a&amp; &amp;Shakespeare did not came to London until about eight years later. It is known howfamiliar he was with our novelists and playwrights and how he drew from that sourceplots, scenes and situations. The " Comedy of Errors " is derived from the " Menechmi"through the medium of an Italian imitation; the "Taming of the Shrew" is in great partbased on the " Suppositi" of Ariosto, and even "Romeo and Juliet" recalls in more thanone place (in one's zeal to appear discreet one must not be unjust 1) the 'Hadriana' ofLuigi Groto. &amp; jz? &lt;£? .g?Nor are traces of this imitation of our popular Commedia rare or obscure in his works.In fact when, in " Othello " (1-2) lago calls Brabanzio " il Magnifico " it seems to me thathe wishes to treat him as Pantaloon rather than simply, as commentators interpret it,to indicate by that title his senatorial dignity. But there is yet a better example. CaptainParolles in the comedy "All's well that Ends Well" who carries "the whole theorick ofwar In the knot of his scarf, and the practise in the chape of his dagger," is no otherthan our Captain Spavento, and one would say that the scene in which, having out ofcowardice fallen into the hands of his own soldiers who have frightened him and who affecta barbarous language, is dragged with a bandage across his eyes in front of his own ge- neral whom he believes to be that of the enemy, and gives away the secrets of the campand slanders his colleagues was taken direct from a scenario. So also we find our "SpanishCaptain" in that boastful and gallant Spaniard in "Love's Labour Lost." It is enough to hearhow he gives an account of his love to his valet. " I will hereupon confess I am in love;" and as it is base for a soldier to love, so am I in love with a base wench. If drawing my" sword against the humour off affection would deliver me from the reprobate thought of"it, I would take desire prisoner, and reasom him to any French courtier for a new devised 44 courtesy. 1 think scorn to sigh: methinks I should outswear Cupid. Comfort me, boy ;44 what great men have been In love ? " &amp; &amp; &amp;The pedant Holofernes in the same comedy is exactly like our Graziano and it is curiousthat he cites with melancholy admiration the beginning of a Latin eclogue by an obscureMantuan which he follows up in Italian by two lines of a little song; 44Ah, good old Mantuan!I may speak of thee as the traveller doth of Venice,Venezia, Venezia,Chi non te vede, non ti pregia." Old Mantuan! Who understandeth thee not, loves thee not".&amp; Then in the "Taming of the Shrew," as well as the many Italian words which occur thereis even a scrap of dialogue ; 44 Con tutto il cuore ben trovato " says one friend to another;and this last replies, 44 Alia nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor mio Petruchio."and, as well as a certain Pedagogue who has nothing of our Commedia but his pusillanimityand unreadiness, there is also a scene in which nothing of the Commedia dell'Arte is lack- ing,... . not even the name of one of its most characteristic figures. A young man hasdisguised himself as a master of grammar so as to declare his love to the girl he is inlove with. There is present an old gallant; he, too, in love.Eianca. Where left we last ?Bucenzio. Here, madam :Hac ibat Simois; hie est Sigeia tellus,Hie steterat Priami regia celsa senis.Biauca. Construe them.Eucenzio. Hac ibat, as I told you before. Simois, I am Lucentio.... hie est, son unto Vin- centio of Pisa.... Sigeia tellus, disguised thus to get your 10ve,.... hie steterat, and thatLucentio that comes a wooing,... Priami, is my man Tranio... regia, bearing my p0rt,....celsa senis, that we might, beguile the old Pantaloon.Bi aiica. Now let me see if I can construe it: Hac ibat Simois, I know you not... hie estSigeia tellus, I trust you n0t.... Hie steterat Priami, take heed he hear us not ;.... regia,presume not;... celsa senis, dispair not.JZ? And also in the "Merry Wives of Windsor," that French physician who lards his discoursewith phrases and words of his own language, and that parish priest who prattles his En- glish like a good Welshman, and that silly fellow who always speaks 44in punta di forchetta",all these have their prototypes in our improvised Commedia, in common with whichShakespeare had also some defects. £? &amp; &amp; J£? &amp; &amp;&amp; Beltrame, to exalt his colleagues, declared in the first decades of the Sixteenth centurythat they 44 study and furnish their minds with a great medley of things, such as sen- tences, witticisms, love discourses, scoldings, outbursts of despair and deliriums, so as tohave them ready on occasion " ; and from this resulted their highly coloured style, andperhaps also, at least in part, the emphatic and bombastic style which the great drama- tist always puts in the mouth of his Italian characters. It certainly was not in our novel- lists that he found the model for those caricatures.But we must not lay to the account of our poor comedians, already so heavy, thegrossness which soils the first works of the leading English Comedian. The buffoons ofElizabeth, in the matter of coarse and outspoken jests, had no need of instructors. Andwho knows If to them do not belong in great part those which have been smuggled throughto .posterity in the rich trunks of the supreme poet, who must certainly have left thebuffoons to play the,fool at their ease in certain scenes to please the coarse public, alwaysgreedy for those highly spiced sallies which went on being repeated even years after, justas the predecessors of Rossini abandoned the trills and flourishes to the virtuosity of thesingers. Later on those trivialities must have been transcribed on the copies and the wholelabelled as the work of the playwright. Having increased in authority, and learned wisdomby experience, he, as Rossini with the trills, must have kept under discipline these buffoonscenes so that they should not disturb the action of the drama, and so that they shouldat least have that flavour,... something Ariostescan and Rabelaisian.... which they have,for example, in "Othello" and "Hamlet". Remember the instructions given by the Danish Prince to the Players: 44 Let those that play your clowns, speak no more than is set down foriS them : for there be of them that will themselves laugh, to set on some quality of barren44 spectators to laugh too; though in the meantime some necessary question of the play be44 then to be considered : that's villainous, and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool44 that uses it. " These were abuses to which certainly our Commedia dell'Arte also tended, since anyliberty must degenerate Into license when it is conceded to those who do not possess thenecessary restraint, either by nature or by cultivation. But one must not, because of theevil effects of license, underestimate the incalculable benefits of Liberty. In the midst ofthe obsequious servility of our literature to an irrevocable past those comedians of ourswent as apostles through the world preaching and practising liberty: humble but loud- voiced and effectual pioneers upon that way along which were to travel triumphantlyLope de Vega, Shakespeare and Moliere. BUT FOR ALL THIS LIBERTY HAS NOT GONE OUT OF PLACE, NOR THE INFIDEL EN- TERED INTO FULL POSSESSION.WHEN LIBERTY GOES OUT OF A PLACE IT IS NOT THE FIRST TO GO, NOR THE SECONDOR THIRD TO GO. JT WAITS FOR ALL THE REST TO GO, IT IS THE LAST. &amp; Plautus &amp;Terence. &amp; Ariosto. The "Cass aria jg? The Dukeof Mantua andAliosto. JS? &amp; Performancesat Ferrara. &amp; &amp; Dramatic Artin Florence. The attitude ofthe pedants. What the peoplewished to see. A most famousCompany. The arrival of441 Gelosi » &amp; Imp rov is at ion. lively actor anextern p or a rypoet. &amp; The dentist. AScenario. j® Captain&amp; pa v e 11 to. Arlecchino, This is but theplot, &amp; &amp; Z,e Btavnrecl i CapitanoS pave 11 to, &amp; The Actors weicthe creators. Their names. &amp; These werein some cas sperpetuated. Happier times. A Performanceat Lyons. The first visitto France. &amp; The oppositionof the religiousorders. &amp; &amp; &amp; Ganassa inSpain. &amp; I,ope de Vega. Ganassa*sCompanions. &amp; Vittoria. Giulio Pasquati Flaminio Scala Graziano, Bra noes coAndreini, &amp; Isabella. &amp; Vittoria. Rival Acttesses The travels ofThe Gelosi &amp; The Gelosi inFrance. &amp; £&gt; &amp; GiamhattistaAndreini. &amp; His wifeFlo r in d a His literalyworks. &amp; It ite ta ryfruits. &amp; Tab a rino. &amp; In Bavaiia, In Germany. And England &amp; Shakespeareand the C online- dia delVArte, &amp; The Taming ofthe Shrew. z? The MerryWives of Wind- sot ". &amp; The Elizabethanbuffoons. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i) I present to you here a new comedy full of varied Jests, such as never did Latin orGreek actors perform upon the stage. It seems to me that the majority inclines to raisethe objection, so soon as I have said New, (without listening to either my method or myaim), that such an enterprise does not seem to them adapted for modern talents, and thatthey esteem only as perfect the work of the ancient writers. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; It Is true that neither Italian prose nor rhyme is equal in value to the ancient prose orverse, nor is it so eloquent. Still, talents are not different from what they were, and areready to serve artists who possess them as they did formerly. &amp; &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.Till today there never was recited any play In verse which satisfied; and "Cassaria", tran=lated into verse was not recognised, when recited. &amp; &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i) A play by Bibiena.(a) J&amp; A play by Machlavelli. J&amp; J&amp; J&amp; &amp; J&amp; J&amp; J&amp;(3) An unhappy Lover, a Doctor who is a simpleton, a dissolute Friar, a Sychophantwho Is the very essence of cunning, provide your pastime for today, &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(1) &amp; This Comedy Is new, and is, to the best of the author's ability, composed in imitationof the ancient comedies; of those ancient comedies, however, which the ancients them- selves called new; that is to say, written in verse not in prose. &amp; &amp; &amp;(2) And Lionardo Salviati dies of grief because his 44 Granchio " was so much ridiculed.(3) This does not however mean that the Commedla dell'Arte did not use these samesubjects, presenting them under the 44 maschere " which had become so popular, and, whenmasked as Pedrolino, Captain Spavento, etc, the good public gladly accepted the 44 MilesGloriosus ", and 44 servo " of the Plautinian and Terezian Comedies.(4) &amp; Apollo always wishes that a shoemaker should hold pre-eminence for him in Florence,and, be unique in the composition of plays. &amp; &amp;(5) &amp; Who, leaving aside Ulysses and Turnus shows to this present age only Ruggier, GradassoMarfisa and Orlando ; and lightly esteeming Menander and Terence, imitates GiovanniBoccaccio; thus with great good sense composing in modern form unequalled comedies. &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(1) jg? In the opinion of the Florentine people and, what is yet more important, in that ofthe women, Cecchi has conquered and surpassed Cino who was rather a poeta a scacca=far a. &amp;(Scaccafava; a name given to a kind of slipper. Ed:)(2) All our Florentine playwrights are in distress on this account. Buonanni and thefamily of Cini, so popular and so successful; then Lotto and Cecchi, and other learned men,have lost courage, this being a bitter pill for them, while il Lasca winks and grins.Each expecting to be the first called for, had prepared his play; some had shown theirwork to this one, others to that one, hoping from hour to hour to be summoned ; butthe people, seeing the glory of the Zanni rise to the very skies, without wanting to hearor know any thing further, refuse to see any other plays. So let anyone who has composedone give it to these actors, begging them to accept it; and they will act It so well thatthe smallest trifle will appear a fine piece of work. The voices, actions and gestures ofthese players are so charming that they amaze the people and make them almost split theirsides with laughter. I do not believe that any actors of the past, whether in Rome or inAthens, ever performed so charmingly and gracefully on the ancient stage. If those weregood these have yet the advantage; these do better what the others did well; Hence, evenmore than they shall the Gelosi be honoured in future centuries. &amp; &amp; (3) They were jealous for the attainment of virtue, fame and honour.(4) Name of the servant in the piece. &amp; &amp; &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLA TIO NS .(i) &lt;£? 44 The words of my book nothing:, the drift of it everything ". Whitman. (Ed.) &amp;(a) Such thou wert, now here beneath dust and skeleton thou art. &amp; &amp; &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i) Either the good Pantaloon, or Zany, whose manners and grace Ganasga has repre- sented for us. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &lt;&amp;*&amp;&amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i) Teatro delle favoie rappreseetative, or, comic, pastoral and tragic recreation dividedinto fifty days. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(1) Acting the Bergamesque and the Venetian we roam the whole world over, and theperforming of comedies is our trade. &amp; JSZ &amp;These silly comedians of yours act for you certain foolish plays of theirs, which, longand tedious, give little amusement and less pleasure ; so tiresome are they, in fact, thatthey bore not only men and women but even the Pillars. &amp;(2) ... To the Stanza to hear Zanni, La Nespola, il Magnifico and Graziano, and Fran- catrippa who is a treasure in himself, and the other actors, one after another, who allperform their parts well.(3) Which he gracefully takes with his hand; then shakes it and twists it in great haste;and the more he wishes to honour friend or signor, the more he twists it round. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(1) Your mother lives in your wife to whom she gives semething of her own divinity.In Virginia she breathes again and is worshipped once more.(2) And you heard Florinda, Oh Mantuan, In the theatre of your palace, interpretingthe bitter sufferings of Arianna, drawing from a thousand hearts a thousand sighs. &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(1) Celia she is called; and truly she bears in her face something of the Celestial lightand beauty; besides which she is fair as the celestial region and has its music on herlipS.(2) A Painter who, no matter who may pass by, daubs at his canvases, treats of everyscience ut ex professo, and on the stage acts so well the part of Coviel Patacca that, wheneverhe moves or speaks, he makes you split your very sides. &amp;(3) I have reached that point beyond which, should I pass, my story might become vexatiousto you. BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES TO THE ABOVE ESSAY. J S. &lt;•» Lodovico. Born (Reggio) 1474. Died 1533. One of the great writers for the stagewhose works the actors of the Commedia dell'Arte forced back again into the study onaccount of their lack of vitality when acted.gELTRAME. (Niccolo Barbierl). An actor. Died about 1640. Me invented the characters44 Scapino " and 44 Beltrame " assuming the name of this latter as his own. Mewrote Scenarios, his best play being, according to Mantzius, "1' Inavvertito. overo Scapinodisturbato e Mezzetino travagliato," which he wrote and published with dialogue complete,though it was originally acted as an improvised play. It is the prototype of Moliere's44 r Etourdl ou les Contretemps ", and he published the play to prevent it from being lostor spoiled by bad acting and by any improvisation inferior to that of the 44 Geiosi " andthe 44 Fedeli " companies. He also wrote 44 La Supplica ", published in Bologna, 1836. It isa kind of Apologia for the stage of his time &amp;£ECCHI, Giovanni. Bom 1518. Died 1587. Playwright. He wrote 44 La Romanesca " In 1585,and in the prologue to this play he extols the 44 Farsa " and pleads the cause of theRomantic Drama against the canons of Aristotle. A translation of this will be found in44 Shakespeare's Predecessors " by J. Addington Symonds. Page 208. &amp; &amp;pERRARA, Duke of, Ercole I. Born 1431. Died 1505. It was in Ferrara, under his rule, thatthe splendour of the ancient Italian dramatic performances was revived, and, beginningwith a representation in i486 of the 44 Menecmi ", performances were given at his court,with the co-operation of Ariosto, Boiardo, Strozzi and many others, of most of the plays ofTerence and Plautus as well as of more modern works.Some idea of the richness of the scenery and costumes is conveyed in the letters ofErcole' s daughter, Isabella d'Este , (wife of the Duke Francesco of Mantua), written fromher father's court at Ferrara to her husband on the occasion of her brother's marriage withLucrezia Borgia. pIRENZUOLA, Agnolo. Born 1493* Died 1545- A Florentine Dramatist who entered the Churchand became Abbot of Prato. As a writer he was distinguished for his purity of style andimpurity of sentiment.QELLI, Giovanni Battista. Born, 1498, Died 1563. An Italian writer, the son of a tailor.He became the president of a literary Academy which he founded in Florence. His chiefworks are 44 I Capricci del Bottaja " and 44 La Circe ". &amp;|L LASCA. (Antonio Francesco Grazzlni). Poet. Born 1503. Died 1583. He took the name" II Lasca ", (The Roach) in 1539 when he founded the Accademia degii Umidi. In 1555he founded the Accademia della Crusca. He was the author of Commedie, (1582), Cena, andSonnetti; (published after his death). &amp;jfy|A CCHIAVELL I, Niccolo di Bernardo dei. Born 1469. Died 1527. In addition to hispolitical and historical work he was a dramatic author. The finest of his plays is the"Mandragola" which he wrote in 1504. Concerning this play J. A. Symonds wrote, 441t standsforth by itself, a sole inimitable monument of genius; peculiar and personal; accomplishedby one single act of vigorous expression. " And Macaulay estimated it as superior to thefinest works of Goldoni.Dukes of. The Court of Mantua was hardly second even to that of Ferrara Inthe magnificence of its theatrical productions, and its Dukes, the Gonzagas, were famousfor their liberality to actors and for the Companies of these which they organized andmaintained.jfyjODENA, Gustavo. Actor and reformer of the Italian Theatre. Born, (Venice) 1803. Died,(Turin) 1861. The son of Giacomo Modena, an actor. In his youth he meddled in politics,and, putting the theatre to its wrong use, created a revolution in Bologna. For this he wasexiled. He went abroad, visited England, and there recited Dante's 44 Dlvina Commedia ".On his return to Italy he effected an entire revolution in the theatre, and founded amodel company, but once more meddled in politics in 1848 and was condemned by theGrand=Ducal judges of Tuscany to work in the galleys for a term of twenty years. He managed,however, to escape and was welcomed by the Piedmontese. He then devoted himself entirelyto the Theatre. Amongst the young actors whom he gathered round him were Salvini, Vestris,Rossi and Sadoski.gALVIATI, Leonardo. Born (Florence) 1540. Died 1589. He studied under Varchi and acquiredfame as an orator. He 46 Edited " Boccaccio's Decamerone, taking audacious liberties withthe text. He was a violent opponent of Tasso. As well as poems and works 011 philosophyand diction he wrote two plays, 44 II Granchio " and 44 La SpinagAND, Maurice. Son of George Sand. Born 1823, Died 1889. Author and Illustrator of 44Masqueset Bouffons ", (Paris, 1862 ;) a work giving some idea of the figures of the CommediadelFArte. The illustrations, giving only his own idea of these figures of the Commedia,captivate everybody except those who know the original sources from which he drew them.gCALA, Flaminio, Actor and Stage Manager. The dates of his birth and death are unknown.He was director of the company of 44 I Gelosi " for some years. He published in 1611,(Venice) the first collection of 44 Scenarios " consisting of fifty pieces,.... tragedies,comedies and pastorals. The name of 44 Pulcinella " is not to be found in any of theseScenarios.y ARCHI, Benedetto. Born (Florence) 1502. Died there 1565. He was commissioned by the Houseof Medici to write the history of his times which he did, covering the period from 1527to 1538. Having studied Law and Philosophy in his youth he became a priest at the ageof sixty two. His most important work is his History of Florence, but he also wrotea play called 44 La Suocera", an imitation of the 44 Ecira " of Terence, as well as other poetical and philosophical works. &amp; (1) Further details of the lives of some of the actors referred to in Slgnor Scherillo's Essay will be given in the next two numbers of'The Mask." CARLO GOZZI AND HIS PLAYS: AnExtract from the "Manners and Customesof Italy" by Joseph Baretti. 1768. Vernon Lee. Studies of the Eighteenth Century in Italy. t happened one day, that Carlo Gozzi met with Goldoni in a book- seller's shop. They exchanged sharp words ; and in the heat of thealtercation Goldoni told his merciless critic, that it was an easy talkto find fault with a play; but desired him to observe, that to writea play was a very difficult one. replied, that to find fault&lt;■with a play was really easy ; but that it was still easier to writesuch plays as would please so thoughtless a nation as the Venetians ;adding with a tone of contempt that he had a good mind to makeall Venice run to see 44 The Tale of the Three Oranges " formedinto a comedy.... Goldoni, with some of his partizans then in theshop, challenged Gozzi to do it if he could : and the critic, thus piqued, engaged to produce such a comedy within a few days, „&lt;g&gt; &amp; &amp;&amp; Who could ever have thought that to this trifling and casual dispute Italy should owethe greatest dramatic writer that it ever had ! Gozzi quickly wrote a comedy in five acts,intitled " I tre Aranci, The three Oranges ", formed out of an old woman's tale, with which%the Venetian children are much entertained by their nurses. The comedy was acted, andthe three beautiful princesses born of the three enchanted oranges made all Venice crowdto the theatre of St. Angelo.-4It may easily be imagined, that Goldoni and Chiari were not spared in the " Tre Aranci ".Gozzi found means to introduce in it a good many of their theatrical absurdities, andexposed them to public derision. The Venetians, like all other Italians, do not greatlycare for the labour of searching after truth, and their imagination runs too often awaywith them, while their judgement lies dormant. But point out sense to them, and theywill instantly seize it. This was remarkably the case on the first night that the comedyof the Three Oranges was acted. The fickle Venetians forgot instantly the loud accla- mations with which they had received the greatest part of Goldoni's and Chiari's plays,laughed obstreperously at them both, and applauded the Three Oranges in a most franticmanner.This good success encouraged Gozzi to write more ; and his new plays changed in alittle time so entirely the taste of the Venetian audiences, that in about two seasons Gol- doni was utterly stripped of his theatrical honours, and poor Chiari totally anihilated.Goldoni quitted Italy and went to France, confiding much in Mr Voltaire's interest andrecommendations which, as I have heard, procured him the place of Italian master to oneof the princesses at Versailles, and Chiari retired to a country-house in the neighbourhoodof Brescia.^In the years 1754 and 1755 I have seen acted in Venice ten or twelve of Gozzi's plays,and had even the perusal of one or two of them in manuscript; and no works of this kindever pleased me so much: so that, when I saw Mr Garrick there, I lamented that he didnot come in carnival-time, that he might have seen some of them acted ; and I am con- fident he would have admired the originality of Gozzi's genius, the most wonderful, in myopinion, next Shakespeare, that ever any age or country produced. The cast of Gozzi'smind leads him to strike out many characters and beings not to be found in nature, likethat of Caliban in the Tempest; and yet most natural and true like Caliban's. To his astonishing powers of Invention, so rare amongst modern poets, Gozzi joinsgreat purity and force of language, harmony of versification, intricacy of plot, multiplicityof incidents, probability of catastrophe, variety of decoration, and many other excellenciesexpected in the modern drama. It is a pity that this author could never be prevailedupon to publish his plays. He has resisted the strongest solicitation of his friends, withoutgiving any satisfactory reason for his aversion to such a publication. Some attribute it tohis partiality for an actress, to whom lie leaves the profits arising from their exhibition ; but this I can scarcely believe, as her profits from such a publication would be much more considerable than those which she reaps by her acting*. I rather think that having no great, value for his audience, Gozzi sets likewise but little value on the things that; please themand perhaps it was a similar reason, that kept Shakespeare from publishing a correct andcomplete edition of his plays while he lived. May the good genius of the Italian stagebefriend Gozzi's compositions, and not suffer it to be robbed of them. I hope they willmeet with a better fate than Shakespeare's and that future commentators will not be putto the trouble of restoring his passages, rectifying his sentences, explaining his obscuritiesand adjusting his orthography. CARLO GOZZI ON IMPROVISED COMEDY. gn its native country the Commedia delPArte was long regarded as the special glory andthe unique product of Italian dramatic genius. Gozzi, though he wrote as its apologistonly expressed common opinion when he said : 441 reckon improvised comedy among the44 particular distinctions of our nation. I look upon it as quite a different species from the44 written and premeditated drama ; nor have I the shameless audacity to stigmatise with44 the title of an ignorant rabble those noble and cultivated persons whom I see with my44 own eyes following and enjoying a play of this description. I esteem the able comedians44 who sustain the mask, far higher than those improvisatory poets, who, without uttering44 anything to the purpose, excite astonishment in crowds of gaping listeners ". A SURVIVAL OF THE COMMEDIA. perhaps the performance we chanced to witness one autumn evening In a shed behindthe cathedral at Perugia was the last real representative of the Commedia delPArte.It was only a company of rough wooden puppets, a couple of feet high, jerking in rectan- gular fashion and bobbing with rotatory movement for the amusement of the artisans andapprentices of Perugia; and very humble, very shabby, and very much humiliated they allwere, this Harlequin in his checkered doublet, this Pantaloon in his red [hose and blackDantesque cap, this swarthy Brighella in loose-girdled garb; but they were the last of along and mighty line. Their ancestors had amused men and women long before the brazengriffin had first spread his porcupine wings on the front of the grim battlemonted town- house, long before Augustus had built his gate, perhaps even before the first Etruscan wallhad been planted upon the bleak steep of Perugia ; they were as venerable as anything inItaly, these poor little wooden mannikins, clacking their legs and bobbing their heads ontheir stage of planks, and we looked upon them with reverence. His first comedy Its success. The result. Gozzi's genius. SYMBOLISM. Symbolism. A Systematic use of symbols.A Symbol. A visible sign of an idea. (Webster.) Gordon Craig. ymbolism is really quite proper; ... .it is sane, orderly and it isuniversally emploj^ed.... it cannot be called theatrical if by thea- trical we mean something flashy, yet it is the very essence jo thetheatre if we are to include its art among the fine arts. X? xzX? Symbolism is nothing to be afraid 0f... it is delicacy itseif ; it isunderstood as easily by the ploughman or sailor as by kings andother men in high places. Some there are who are afraid of Symbolismbut It is difficult to discover why, and these persons sometimes grow very indignant and insinuate that the reason why they dislike Symbolism is because thereis something unhealthy and harmful about it. i( We live in a realistic age " is the excusethey put forward. But they cannot explain how it is that they make use of symbols to tellus this, nor how it is that all their lives they have made use of this same thing which theyfind so xzxzxzxzzxzj&amp;xzxzzxz For not only Is Symbolism at the roots of all art; it is at the roots of all life; it is only by means of symbols that life becomes possible for us. We employ them all thetime. x? The letters of the alphabet are symbols, used daily by sociable races. The numerals aresymbols and chemistry and mathematics employ them. All the coins of the world aresymbols and business men rely upon them. The crown and the sceptre of the kings and thetiara of the'popes are symbols. The works of Poets and Painters, of Architects and Sculptorsare full of symbolism ; Chinese, Egyptian, Greek, Roman, and the modern artists since thetime of Constantino have understood and valued the symbol. Music only became intelligiblethrough the employment of symbols and is symbolic in its essence. All forms of salutationand leavetaking are symbolic and employ symbols, and the last act of affection rendered tothe dead is to erect a symbol over them, xzz xzz xz xz x&amp; xzX? I think there is no one who should quarrel with Symbolism.... nor fear it. Jt is sometimes necessary to reassert the obvious. X? x? xz X?H. Beerbohm Tree- "Henry VIII and his Court.'* pg, 198.[ have always tried not to belittle art for the satisfaction of an isolated personality. x&amp;Correspondance de 0. Flaubert, Sories 1. pg 128*'"jphe habit of symbolic representation is one of the most primitive and persistent tenden- cies of human nature. It was present in the first efforts of language, and the highestflights of science are still entirely dependent on the development of it; while without thedevelopment of it in another direction there could have been no poetry... the primrosewould always have been but the yellow primrose: and even no courtesy of manners... every- body would always have called a spade a spade. £? X? X? X? x?J. A. Stewart. M. A. (Oxon) " The Myths of Plato".Juse of symbols has a certain power of emancipation and exhilaration for all men.We seem to be touched by a wand, which makes us dance and run about happily, likechildren. We are like persons who come out of a cave or cellar into the open air. x?iEmerson. Essay on "The Poet".Jt is in and through Symbols that man, consciously or unconsciously, lives, works and hashis being: those ages, moreover, are accounted the noblest which can the best recognisesymbolical worth, and prize it highest, X? X? X? X* X? carivie. &amp; Nothing to heafraid of* &amp; At the loots ofall Art and T^ife BOOK REVIEWS ART AND LIFE by T. Sturge Moore. Methuen. 51= E. J. S. book, and I would like very wellto be able to write about it ; but then 1am unfortunately one of those people whocan only criticise that which they detest.Anything which attracts me disarms me. Ishall keep Mr Sturge Moore's book by meand read it during the years, and it will nodoubt criticise me but I shall hold my tongue.1 shall not read it through;.... I seldomcan read a book of this kind straight through:1 would as soon look at a rosetree from theroots up. In all probability I shall throw thevolume to the end of my room some fineday when I feel superior, but there is nodoubt that when I come to my senses andfeel more superior I shall re-read it with aslightly troubled conscience and in a stateof receptive repentance.If it is my business to review all booksit is my duty to remain silent before someof them. Who knows but that I may havesomething sensible to say about them afterten or fifteen years. I drop the hint to myfriends that they may do the same. The silentapproval will not advertise the sale of thebook any less than loud talk, and I am notblind to the importance of selling for I seethe importance of buying certain books.I often buy a book. As a reviewer I neednot do this, but the pleasure of having paidfor a well-written book is one of those wiseexperiences no one need ever relinquish, JZ?A word or two about the externals in thisbook will not disappoint you. It is wellprinted, spaced and arranged admirably; theillustrations are taken from Blake's best worksand there is a portrait of Flaubert whichreminds one of Mr Arthur Symons. The bookis covered becomingly in green cloth and goldornament and I think it will look fresh at the end of its twenty years' sojourn with There is only one blemish to the book.These publishers have a habit of ruining theappearance of the title page of their hand- some books by a quite unnecessary vulgarityin the shape of an indiarubber stamp-markin blue ink placed across the respected nameof Methuen and Co to say that my copy is a"Presentation Copy".&amp; Now, if I am denied the luxury of buyinga book I am only too glad to have a brandedpresentation copy, but I should so much likethe informing mark to give me [pleasure. Iam a bit of an engraver, and know thatsuch marks can be made quite delightful andI would like to show Messrs Methuen andCo the kind of stamp with which to brandtheir good books in the future so as to im- prove their appearance even if they decreasetheir second-hand value. &amp; &amp;My copy of Mr Sturge Moore's work hasits horrible blue mark no longer. I have co- vered it with my pen beneath a woven veilof Chinese ink. 1 wish I could do the samefor the other branded copies of this beautiful book. THE UPPER GARDEN by Robert de laCondamine. Methuen. 5j- &amp; JVA pretty book. In it "the author considers" the two mental attitudes of man ...in the "midst of unfettered nature and in the madegarden. In wild surroundings man can only"feel himself to be a trivial part of the great"whole which he understands so imperfect- "ly, but in the formal environment of a"garden he need no longer cope with this"difficulty".Yet this formal garden, in which Mr Con- damine moves like a still slightly unawakenedstatue of a late-Victorian Dionysus, is avery elaborate affair; is obviously much morecomplicated and of more difficult compre- hension than the vast wilderness which hetrembles to approach. Yet it is full of pleasantways,... many intricate a slightlywearisome place too, wherein, alas, sleep isimpossible,... for many reasons. And there isno well in it. I searched and found nothingdeeper than a little unnatural pond fringedwith artificial flowers, on which Narcissus,lying in everlasting attitude, invited hisreflection to gaze upon him. JZ? &amp; But then it is not everyone who knowshow to pose; it is not everyone who ownsa garden in which to do it. &amp; &amp; THE KILTARTAN MOLIERE. The Miset.The Doctor in spite of himself; The Rogueries of Scapin; translated by LadyGregory. Maunsel and Co. Dublin. 316. P. N. here is nothing in this volume to saywhether the public can expect any moretranslations besides the three just publishedbut we hope we are to have others. Thisfirst volume is admirably done and there isa word or two at the end of the, volume byProfessor Gerothwohl; but, as usual, Moliere'screators, the actors of the Italian improvisedcomedy, get merely a nod of recognition.How long are we to wait for the generousacknowledgement that in " Scapin in "LeMedecin malgre lui ", and many of his playsMoliere is merely acting as stenographer tothe comedians? Still, a nod is as good as a winkto a blind public, and after all, Molldre isMoliere. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The book is well printed excellent in formatand so tastefully bound that the publisherwill not mind being told that the back ofthe volume is too stiff and prevents an easy manipulation of its leaves. Till') BZ,UT) BIRD by Maurice Maetei~linck. Translated by A, Teixeira de Mattos.Me time n. IJ- |t is a pity this libretto has been publishedfor it is a piece written for the stage. Theauthor cannot put forward the excuse Marstonhas to offer in his preface to " Fawne** The Blue Bird " was evidently written forperformance on a stage although M. Maeter- linck feels indifferent towards the theatre.What quarrel the two have is not known,but it is generally supposed that the stagehas done M. Maeterlinck some grievous harmand that he is unable to forgive. This is apity, for M. Maeterlinck in his stage workis almost a Gozzi. The English stage owesM. Maeterlinck a good deal in that he hasproved to the people in the theatre that the44 impossible " in stage production is 44 veryeasily possible &amp;The London production of this fantasywas about three years behind that of thefirst production which took place in Russia.America then tremblingly began to considerif it should or should not dare to producethe thing. At last it took the plunge. NowParis is preparing to present it.&amp; There are plenty of better frameworksfor pantomime fairy pieces but few of themhave such carefully mapped-out details writ- ten down for the producer to follow. Thesewould he a stumbling block in the way of aproducer of imagination, but the modernmanipulator looks on them as a blessing andevidently they make his distasteful work easy. WAGNER AT HOME by Judith Gautiei,Translated by E. D. Massic. Mills andBoon. Eondon. ioj6 net.W hat mean you by a Poem ? " asks BenJonson ; and himself replies, 44 A poem isnot alone any work, or composition of the poetsin many or few verses; but even one aloneverse sometimes makes a perfect poem. Aswhen /Eneas hangs up and consecrates thearms of Abas with this inscription: 44hoec de Danais vlctoribus arma " and callsit a poem or carmen, Such are those inMartial:" Omnia, Castor, emis:sic fiet, ut omnia vendas ".44 And there are some poems " adds Vil=liers de l'lsle Adam 4&lt;which should have but asingle stanza: this one for example: "Le lourdecle du reve a ma ceinture sonne ". Isn't thatcomplete enough? Isn't that magnificent?What could one add to that?" Ben Jonson andVilliers,.. poets with more than two centuriesto separate them, join issue. It is encouraging.But it is rather disheartening for some peopleto find Rare Ben in agreement with a Frenchsymbolist.Judith Gautier was a fortunate girl. Shespent days. ... months.... with Villiers andcharms us all now by a delightful sketch ofhim, putting, as a background to the artistVilliers; the celebrated Wagner.The book is cailed 44 Wagner at Home "on purpose. Wagner at work would havebeen too violent a background for a sketch ofVilliers. Purposely she shows up the lightagainst the shadow, the intelligence of geniusagainst the systematic and the ponderous.Nothing more subtle has been done for along time. &amp;And yet there are people who still believethat a poem must be something more thana line of six words. Wagner would have surelythought so. There are even people who thinka Drama must contain more than ten words.They would call it 44 I'art nouveau " if youtook them to see such a drama. Symbolismseems to frighten these peopie to death;beauty paralyses them and sense confoundstiiem. It is to put such people in their placethat I have quoted Ben Jonson's short note about the Poem. For who am I that I shouldteach my elders that Symbolism is not whatthey suppose it to be, nor all beauty of thebrand 44 Fart nouveau " ? &amp; jg? LIFE OF SIR HENRY IRVING byAustin Bieieton. Longmans'. Two VolsBrereton's book is very good. Thestory as related by the facts, dates andfigures in the book Is a very remarkable one.It is frankly the story of a manager, not ofan actor, for how can you tell the story ofan actor keeping solely to facts and relatingthem in prose ? To do a great actor justicea poet must sing. This book is written by anenthusiastic admirer. jgrThere were, and still are, a certain numberof admirers of Irving;... at a rough guessone might venture a low estimate of fivehundred thousand enthusiasts. I think thesefive hundred thousand ought to have a chanceto read a good book about Irving's career,and it is to be hoped that Mr Brereton andhis publishers will soon see their way toissuing a Life of Irving at a shilling or evenless. jgr THE REPERTORY THEATRE. An Appreciation and a Criticism. by P. P.Howe. 216 net S. jfyjr. Howe has written a good book on theidea of the Repertory Theatre in gene- ral and of the few Repertory Theatres whichrepresent Great Britain. If only theysented it better Mr Howe would have had abetter story to jg?&amp; He succeeds best when he writes aboutthe Abbey Theatre, Dublin, which at any raterepresents Ireland. But no English RepertoryTheatre can be considered very seriouslywhich does not include in its programme atleast fifty per cent of the Shakespeareanplays.When London gives the Shakespeare dramaa fresh lease of life by inviting Mr GordonCraig, the only one Englishman capable ofgiving it fresh life, to develop his ideas be- fore us in a theatre of his 0wn,... only thenshall we be able to know how splendid isthe drama we already possess and what pos- sibilities it holds as our only school for fu- ture dramatists.As it is, our latest school of dramatists...Shaw, Barker, Galsworthy and the others, hasbeen produced by foreign suggestion. Theseplaywrights are of the school of Ibsen, andalthough that is a splendid school for Scan- dinavia it is a foolish school for Englandwhen our dramatists could, if they were alittle less frightened, study from those fargreater English dramatists, the Elizabethans.I like Mr Howe's book very much in- deed. Especially do I like his enthusiasm forMr Shaw and Mr Barker. But does he notdo his friends some injustice when he pro- nounces boldly that " Every art is a trade, andevery artist, unless he be himself a trades- man, must sell himself to a tradesman "? jg/This seems unfair because incorrefct.Tradesmen have proved it to be incorrect.Art is, and always has been, a luxury. Is itany the worse for that ? jg? jg&gt;But there is another passage that I likevery much. Mr Howe writes; 44 Mr Shaw ne- ver was a realist, and he grows less of arealist with every play he writes "... Thatis good news indeed \The book is excellently printed, very wellbound. That being so it is a pity that thetitle page is branded by an ugly scar whichthe publisher himself has set upon it asthough it were a book for a convict library.This scar is purple and says,44 With the Pub- lisher's compliments". It makes one feel asif the book had been used as a boot and thrown to one through the office window. THE MYSTERY OF HA MEET PRINCEOF DENMARK by Robert Russell Bene- diet. Eipincott. jgr jg?THE CLASSICAL ELEMENT INSHAKESPEARE'S PRAYS by Wm.Theobald. R. Banks and Son. London. jg?SHAKESPEARE STUDIES IN BACO- NIAN. LIGHT by R. M. Theobald. M.A. 49. Miclieldevet Rd. Lee, Kent. 7j- &amp;BACON IS SHAKESPEARE by Sir Ed- win Durning-La-wrence Bt. Gay and Han- cock. &amp; &amp;TWENTY-FOUR YEARS OF ANACTOR'S LIFE by Seymour Hicks. AlstonRivers. 2j6 net. jg? &amp; jg? jg?j[y|r Robert Russell Benedict in his book upon44 Hamlet " creates a mystery where noneexists. £/To make the mystery more profound forMr Benedict, Mr Robert Theobald and Mr Wil- liam Theobald have each written a book toprove that Shakespeare himself is a myth,...that is to say, a greater mystery even than44 Hamletjgr jg?jgr Sir Edwin Durning-Lawrence howeverclears the whole matter up for all by com- posing a book in which the mystery becomesclear; "Bacon is Shakespeare "is the nameof the b00k,... and there really doesn't seemany reason why he shouldn't be Shakespeare.When one comes to review all these booksone turns from them with pleasure and isforced to admit that " Twenty Years of anActor's Life " is a very capital book indeed. HENRY VIII AND HIS COURT by SitH. Beerbohm Tree. Cassell and Co, 11 = E. E. gir Herbert Beerbohm Tree is unncessarilyanxious,.... an anxiety bred of enthusiasm,about the "lines" on which the NationalTheatre is to be run. He dreads lest it be" run on symbolic lines As he very rightlysays in the Apology to his charming bookleton Henry VIII, " No 'ism' ever made a greatcause ".&amp; He is thinking of symbolism, and weagree with him, thinking of all the 'isms',...especially realism, and more especially com- mercialism.He goes on to say that the NationalTheatre will be preserved solely by its ar=tists. He cannot, (for reasons), state what isin his mind so clearly as he might like to.His theatre faces the Haymarket Theatre.One guesses he means that Mr Trench andall such amateurs (we use the word in itsmost excellent sense), should be guardedagainst and that the "pros" are all right. Weagree with him entirely. The Professional,raw and brutal as it often becomes, is betterthan the Amateurish. The Amateur is a realdanger. Besides, he is always so behind thetimes. The Professional may not be up todate and is seldom in advance of his timebut he is the best man to call on when youare forming the staff of a National Theatre...Provided you don't put amateurs above himin the shape of a select committee of timewasters. &amp;•As Director for the National Theatre thereis only one man possible and that is SirHerbert Tree. He lias not come to the po- sition of Director of His Majesty's by chance,nor, to humour a whim, has he been placedthere by any group. Hard work brought himthere; not exactly the hard work of aminer, but the kind of hard work a HomeSecretary is allowed to indulge in. We neversaw one at work, but one understands thatas a class they are not exactly idle.Questions of Art are altogether secondarywhen you are selecting your Director for a National Theatre. &amp; £? &amp;&lt;£? Whistler tells us that " Art happens "and cannot be either coaxed or intimidated.A clever director of a National Theatre is aman who allows art to happen therein byinviting artists to co-operate with him, andby allowing them, as Cicero says, to do theirdamndest. In short, to misquote Sir Herbertby one word, " to graciously permit othersto be great is a sign of greatness in a.... di- rector ". jg? jg?As for the symbolist, realist, commerciallist or plagiarist, what does it matter ? Du- mas the plagiarist, Tschekov the realist,Garrick the commercialist, Giotto the sym- bolist would surely all find a hearty welcomefrom any National Theatre manager fortu- nate enough to secure their good services.But this must not be forgotten : The dif- ficulty of such a position is to know howto unite all these contending forces, andonly a man no longer taking an active part inthe work on the stage could possibly achievethis, for he must be purged of all senseof personal likes or dislikes, ideals or fads(and even great men show faddishness whenin harness) and must desire only that whichis vital for his theatre. All that is best, no- thing that is merely popular. Surely a dif- ficult task, but surely also an ideal oppor- tunity. &amp; &amp; THE RUINS OF MEXICO by ConstantinoGeoige Richards. If. E» Shidmpton. Eon*don. Two Vols. Two Guineas net,&amp; z?Qnly one volume of this delightful workhas as yet appeared, &amp;The author avoids theory. He states afew facts about the works of these amazingraces which lived, loved, and created worksof art in Mexico;., these races which we call" Astecs " as though they were but one in- stead of many... and to these few facts he addstwo hundred and sixty of the best photo- graphs we have seen for a long time.How many books of how many words havebeen written upon this thrilling story of theearliest known civilization of America, howmany people have read all these books; howfew have been warmed by the story! Butlook at these pictures of the mighty worksof these forgotten races, and they come tolife again and excitement follows.How Egyptian much of their work looks;how religious is their sense of time, what atriumph over death are these monuments left by their love.If Mr Rickards has found the way to ap- peal to us who know so little of all therewonders his book will appeal far more tostudents of this subject. &amp; &amp;The work seems to have been producedwithout any thought of expense and withmuch expenditure of care and taste. Mr H.E. Shrimpton is to be congratulated uponhaving produced an enchanting and imposingvolume upon an absorbing subject at a verylow EOPE DE VEGA AND HIS TIMES byHugo Albert Rennert. Ph. D. The Hispa- nic Society of America. New York.but thanks can be tendered to M;Rennert for his admirable book on a sub- ject about which so little is known in Eng- land. These books on the Theatre are ofcourse not written for the public and arereally made for nothing but the love of ma- king them. Still, there are a few who canclaim to value them highly; we mean thatsmall group of students and artists who areambitious for the Theatre. We count our- selves among this number, and recognise howgreat a debt we of the Theatre owe to menlike Mr Rennert who clear the paths for us. OUR STAGE AND ITS CRITICS by 44F.F. Methuen. sj- net. &amp; &amp;puture historians oi the theatre must re- member that what this writer has to sayis not unimportant. For E. F. S. Is not theusual type of London critic but somethingbetter: tolerant, if anything over-cautiousto be tolerant, writing for the pleasure ofpassing his well-balanced judgement.Among the many miscellaneous subjectstreated of in this volume the author devotesthree chapters to the qualifications, dutiesand responsabilities of the Dramatic Criticwhich are of interest as showing the conclu- sions come to by one who in his own dis- charge of that office has ever shown himseifboth conscientious and kindly. &amp;One finds, however, some ingenuousnessin the discussion of the relative values ofthe work of Actor and Playwright.... notablyin the chapters on the Sicilian Players andMadame Yvette Guilbert.The writer admits in regard to the Sici- lians that with 44 a printed 'argument' com- prised in 44 about a couple of hundred words "they achieved 44 a triumph of pure acting "and yet goes on to say that our players 44 can learn comparatively little from them ". Andagain, in discussing Yvette Gullbert's words:in the 44 Figaro ", 44 The true comedian44 can do without the dramatic author. He44 easily utilzed his own comic and tragic"gifts, as is witnessed in Shakespeare, Moliere,44 and a hundred others'.... There have al- -44 ways been, since the beginning of the ages,44 mimics and improvisators who did without44 the text of others"', he writes. 44 Possibly44 this is true, but it does not follow that there44 are many players who could hold an au=44 dience by their mimicry or improvisation. "&amp; No; there doubtless are not today, butthere were thousands yesterday and theremay be thousands again tomorrow. And E.F. S.'s statement that "not a few of thegreatest actors and actresses might starveif they had to rely upon their own ideas "is rather an indictment of the present con- ditions than an argument against the prin- ciple of Improvisation. A scientific farmermight starve if deprived of all his machineryand metal implements, but that is no argu- ment against the system of the Tuscan pea- sant who, independent of mechanical aidscultivates his land with tools which hehimself has shaped from limbs of trees. &amp;Therefore the independent actor or artistwhoever he may be, will not starve eithernot for long. Independent ? rather shouldone say dependent. Is it a paradox ? No: heis dependent upon the older and wiser tra- dition, not on this modern parody of theword. A STUDY OF THE DRAMA by BrandeiMatthews. Eongmans, Green and Co. Lon«don. 3j6 net. &amp; &amp; &amp;professor Brander Matthews is so earnesta student that one wishes he would de- vote himself to more useful work. &amp;This new book of his shows considerablelearning, but as the author is a theoristand not a practitioner in the study of theDrama, it would be well for him to realisehis limitations and devote himself to the ex- tremely valuable work waiting to be doneand well within his power... the finding andverifying of facts.&amp; As it is his new book only proves him tohave been a good reader, to have learnedthe theory of it all. But then who wants thatrepeated ? an echo only confuses the travel- ler who follows a difficult road among therocks and the echo is in this case a peculiarly evasive one for the book is far too full ofsuch phrases as 44 probably " 44 most likely ",44 in all probability " and this vague infor- mation is wholly valueless, (1) &lt;£? &amp;If Professor Brander Matthews wouldstrip his book down to the bare facts anddates regarding which he has irrefutableproof, those facts, though they filled but fivepages, would be of more value than the threehundreed which make up the presentvolume.Such a book of facts is Mr E. K. Chambers's44 Mediaeval Stage ". It is a treasure heap ofgolden grains, and when each grain is in itspiace we have an ingot of pure gold. &amp;Professor Brander Matthews's error isthat he wishes to elaborate and ornamenthis contribution, to enfold and encumberhis few valuable facts in a mass of theoryand supposition; whereas, the only servicewhich the literary man can do the man ofthe theatre is to supply him with facts andleave him to decide to what use to put them,what to deduce from or shape withthem.&amp; If a man has a passion for building housesall he asks is bricks, sufficient bricks,well baked, well shaped, by means of whichto materialise his idea. He does not wanthis bricks laid out for him in effective de- vices ; he certainly does not want each brickwrapped in cotton wool and tissue paper andtied with a pink ribbon. No; he wants plainbricks, plainly stacked, ready to his hand;he will do the rest. In like manner the cookwhose pride is in his omelettes wants eggsin plenty but he does not want those whosearch for them to lose time on the wayback in painting pictures on the shells, forpainted shells, however charming in them- velves, are of no assistance in the makingof an omelette. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; If Professor Brander Matthews willbring his stores of bricks, the eggs whichhe knows so well where to find in the nestsof antiquity, to the door of the theatre andleave them at Easter at the disposal of themen within, he will ever be a welcome vi- siter.... and more, he will have done a realservice to the art In which he is evidentlysincerely interested. But so long as he stopsto colour his eggs with the brush of hisfancy and to pack his bricks in the deceptivewrappings of his theories he is only wastinghis own time.... and ours. THE THEORY OF THE THEATRE byClayton Hamilton. Henry Holt and Co.New York, Geo Bell. Kingsway, Jondon.|r Clayton Hamilton's is another lifelessbook, it has no more nourishment forthe serious student of the theatre than hasthe rubber 44 comforter " for the hungry ba«loy, who through it, demanding milk, sucksin only air. &amp;The author selects as title,... a little ar- rogantly.... 44 The Theory of the Theatre"wheneas it is at best only 44 A theory" ad- vanced by one who is not a practitioner andwhose opinion is therefore of little weight.The fact that Mr Hamilton is a gentlemanof intelligence and culture and advances histheories pleasantly and plausibly goes fornothing unless he has also some practicalknowledge.No: the only way in which the literaryman without practical experience can makehimself useful to the theatre is as has beenaid above, by searching out and verifyingfacts: (2) a name here, a date there, fixed andcorroborated beyond further shadow of doubt.Let him bring his ingrediants to the doorof the theatre, making no suggestion as tothe use to which they should be put andleave the masters of the ceremonies to pre- pare the banquet. &amp;&lt;£? When all is ready they will not forget tooffer him in return a seat at the table. &amp; (i. &amp; 2.) Reasons and opinions concerningacts are not history; acts themselves aloneare history. &amp;Tell me the Acts, O historian, and leaveme to reason upon them as I please; awaywith your reansoning and your rubbish! Alithat is not worth reading. Tell me the What;I do not want you to tell me the Why, andthe How; 1 can find that out myself, as wellas you can, and I will not be fooled by youinto opinions, that you please to impose, todisbelieve what you think improbable or im- possible. Wm. Blake. I,1 ART THEATRAE MODERNE byJacques Rouche. Comely et Cie. Paris.Prs 500. &amp; &amp;M. Rouchg has written a clever book ona difficult subject. The modern Theatreis a theme fit only for a satirist. With whatpathos would a Voltaire praise the effortsof the new theatre Tn Germany, with what ironlc devilry would he not attack Stanislaw- sky and Craig for their patience and theirdetermination! how he would shatter theidealism of Appia in three words, and For- tuny's invention in one. g? g? grg? Yet these are the schools and men whomM. Rouch£ selects to do justice to, and thathe performs his difficult task so well is mi- raculous. S2 g? g? g* g?gr lie has nothing to say about the Englishstage but a whole chapter is devoted to thework of Mr Gordon Craig. g? g?g? He places a Russian design of a scene in44 The Blue Bird " in juxtaposition to thesame scene as produced in England, anddraws attention to 44 the exceptional artisticquality " of the Russian. g/ g/ Indeed, the book is full of good illustra- tions and these help M. Rouchd in his self- imposed task. Looking at them we see muchto admire, and much less to censure thanone would suppose. There is much promiseof reform in many of them, and some ac- complishment of reform of the scenic art.,but then that is not the Theatre, and to re- form the Theatre means that we must reformit altogether. &amp; &amp;g? But M. Rouche does a kindness to thepublic in making known to it the preliminarysteps which have already been taken towardsreforming the stage of Europe (he has onlya few words to say about his own country),and the examples of work to which he drawsattention represent well enough to a certainextent those preliminaries. &amp; g?It is a book an English edition of which onewould strongly recommend some London pub- lishers to consider, for it is attractive initself, and would in any case be a revelationto the English Theatre of what is actuallygoing on abroad. g? g? g? g? THE ERA SHAKESPEARE. "MACBETH". T. C. and E. C. Jack. 8d. C. pocket edition well bound incheerful red. The notes in the volume aregood, but Dr Hudson does not think muchof Coleridge,... perhaps the most illuminatingof all commentators. &amp; grg? Thus, concerning that puzzling yet tre- mendous creation, The Porter, with his44 Knock, knock, knock! " Dr Hudson writes,44 Coleridge and several others think this44 part of the scene could not have been44 written by Shakespeare. My thinking is44 decidedly different, etc "• gr g? &amp; Coleridge Is obviously right. This stupen- dous thing which enters with the Porter andwhich drew from De Quincy such a nobleessay, is nothing less than the entry of anotherworld. The words are obviously improvised ~..a comedian wants to make the folk laugh.What comedian ? .... One of the family of44 Improvisatori. " He it is who tells the stagemanager he wants a continual knocking tobe kept up, ....44 leave the rest to me ".Shakespeare is full of such passages. jg?j£? Wise men were those publishers, (friends ofShakespeare) to leave in all such improvisationwhen they printed his plays LuckyShakespeare ! jg? &amp;And what of the actor who helped in thiscollaboration, and who has received no sharein the universal praise ? ... Well, I daresayhe is only too glad to have been of anyservice, and waits for his reward until theday when Improvisation shall once more electrify the world.g? &amp; THE BREAD of t,IPE» Antonia Williams.Werner Jaurie. &amp; &amp; sgrthree plays in this book strengthenthe reputation for direct and simple li- terary style and forceful characterizationwhich the author won with her earlier work" Three New Plays ". Indeed, the plays areso good to read that we hope Mrs Williamswill not spoil them by bringing them out oftheir right sphere in the library into thewrong sphere of the stage. g? &amp; EOUIS XIV AND MADAME de MAIN- TENON by Charlotte Eady Blennerhasset.Geo. Allen and Sons. 15\-net. g? g?Blennerhassett has done her work ina conscientious but somewhat colourlessmanner, and one reads the book with re- spect for the care which has gone to compileIt rather than with enjoyment of what itcontains. g? g? g? g? g?g/ Perhaps Madame de Maintenon's was notan easy life to render attractive to Twentiethcentury readers. Still, now that the pendulumhas swung so far in the other direction andthe rights of women are so keenly advocated,it is perhaps worth while to read and con- sider the life of a woman whose energieswere so entirely devoted to the interests ofothers. *£? g? g?g/ For as Lady Blennerhassett writes in con- clusion : 44 Her methods have become obso- -44 lete; the spirit which inspired them is as44 lasting as truth itself. Her message to wo- 44 manhood is the stern call to duty, to quiet,44 unrelenting, self-sacrificing work in the44 service of God and of mankind ".... A lit- tle old-fashioned, perhaps, but an ideal notentirely unworthy of consideration, and oneventures to suggest that many of the womenof today might read the book with conside- rable benefit to themselves.The volume contains twenty full page il- lustrations and is excellently printed andbound. &lt;£? THE GLASS MLNDLR by Mauiice Baring.Nisbet:pairy tales are the only tales really worthreading, and I shall probably re-read 44 TheGlass Mender " over and over again. Itmakes me feel that everything is right andthat whatever one believes happens.44 Blue eyes, Blue eyes, come back to me,44 Over the hills and over the sea&amp; I have read Rossetti and d'Annunzio, butreally I prefer Maurice Baring.I think I am right in supposing that thepictures in colour are also a present fromthe author. How far more beautiful they arethan anything Rossetti painted ! Altogetheran enchanting book. Parisians should see it...Why Parisians I am not quite sure, but they- are supposed to know something about art inParis,... and I think they know nothing aboutLove.Fairy Tales are full of Love, and MrBaring's tales and pictures are made up of it. 44 WISDOM OF THE LAST " SLRILS.The Sayings of Lao Tzu.The Persian Mystics. JZ?The Master Singers of Japan.John Murray IJ** each. /z? &amp;| ao Tzu is always charming. That he foundedTaoism in 500 B. C. is appalling. One oughtnot to be told these things. It makes thesternest philosopher tremble, and to teli Itto 44 The Public " which only knows how todestroy foundations as waves destroy thebase of a cliff,... to tell it to them seemslike asking for more. *€?&amp; Lao Tzu says somewhere 44 If people of44 inferior intelligence hear of the Tao, they44 laugh immoderately. It would not be the44 Tao unless they laughed at it. " So it isbest not to repeat here what the Tao is. Butcertainly the English politicians might tryTao on the British Public, for the firstEmperor of the later Chin dynasty asked if Tao was of any use in government and CSiawgCh' ien-mung told him that 44 with Tao acorpse could govern an Empire &amp; Yet would it work In England ? for LaoTzu distinctly says 44 Requite injury withkindness ", and, 44 To the not-good I wouldbe good in order to make them good "; andwould England's Chief Justices be able tomake head or tail of that ? 44 Judge not thatye be not judged " says Christ... But I amforgetting, and confounding religions..All these little books issued by Mr Murrayare valuable, but too cheap. Profound thingsshould be very expensive or cost nothing.fi The truest sayings are paradoxical" saysLao Tzu &amp;It is not more difficult, one supposes, totranslate the Japanese poems than the Per- sian. Hearne and Fitzgerald have shown howit was to be done ; and Mr Davis certainlysucceeds with his 44 Persian Mystics " farbetter than Miss Walsh with her "JapaneseMaster-singers." 4P &amp;These translations of hers do not strikeus as at all happy. Lafcadio Hearne knew sowell that one must not employ hackneyedfigures of poetic speech to convey the sound- picture-movement poems of these masters." Thy myriad hills ", " the circling gulls ",44 When hand in hand we two did wendAdown the paths of Life our way ", are samplesof Miss Walsh's style. &amp;No, no ; this will not do to express theart of Japan." 813. " A new Arsene Lupin Adventureby Maurice Leblanc. Mills and Boon. 31-|n order to hint at all this book containswithout giving a word of it away onemust refer you to the word 44 Ambush " onpage 158 of Roget's 44 Thesaurus £*Ambush; means of concealment; hiding- place ; secret-drawer ; recess, hole, holes andcorners, closet, crypt, adytum, abditory, ou- bliette. J?Am-bush,- buscade ; stalking horse ; lur- king-hole, -place; secret path, back-stairs;retreat etc. (refuge). &amp;&amp; Screen, cover, shade, blinker; veil, cur- tain, blind, cloak, cloud. Mask, visor, vizor,disguise, masquerade dress, domino. &amp;Pitfall, etc. (source of danger), trap, etc.(snare). &amp;V. iie in ambush, etc. (hide oneself), liein wait for: set a trap for, etc. (deceive).There you have the book. MAGAZINES. 'Jph© New Age, ever interesting, has latelycontained some particularly good articleson Modern Dramatists by Mr Ashley Dukes.Uninteresting in the Theatre, Dramatistsare enchanting in the study, and none aremore attractive than Tchekhov, Sudermann,Hofmannsthal, Strindberg, and the few othersMr Dukes selects to write upon. &amp;He begins his article upon Hugo von Hof- mannsthal with these words : 44 Not Song agoa provincial theatre was opened in Germanywith the inscription upon its proscenium ;44 Goethe, Hauptmann, Schiller, von Hofmann- sthal ". JZ&gt;&amp; Some day we stiall be more logical andless dependent in the theatre and removethose name to some State Library, inscribingin their place the names of 44 Roscius, An- dreini, Tarleton, Jodelet". &amp;&amp; When the names of great Philosophersare inscribed upon the walls of Hospitals andthe names of Poets written upon the wallsof Churches it will be time enough to consi- der the fitness of placing the names of play- writers upon the prosceniums of theatres.Mr Dukes also quotes the following passagefrom Tchekhov: 44 To me the theatre of to- -44 day is no more than an antiquated pre- -44 judice, a dull routine. When the curtain" rises, and all these accomplished actors,44 these priests of a sacred art, attempt to44 show, by lamplight, in a room with three44 walls, how ordinary people eat, drink, love," move about the world : when a morality44 is preached to us in trivial phrases and44 pictures, a vulgar, commonplace morality44 convenient for household use : when the44 same old story is dished up again and again44 in a thousand variations ; then I can do no•4 otherwise than flee as Maupassant fled44 from the Eiffel Tower, whose triviality44 threatened to shatter his soul ! "Dramatic Notes in Eife are as seriousas the rest of the journal is funny. Thisis quite unusual and excellent; for a comicjournal as a rule thinks it has to be funnyall the time. There Is more sense inthe Dramatic Notes In this first class pa- per than we find in most of the weighty vo- lumes on Drama which come to us from theStates. JS? &amp;In so well illustrated a paper it is diffi- cult to select for special reference any one artist, but Mr Harrison Eady is unique, andMr Young has a delightful touch.But it is the editing which makes thejournal what It JS? Their automobile contest is one of themost exciting and amusing things we haveseen for a long time. The idea and the wayit is being carried out shows genius. It is soeasy to do this kind of thing without beingat all funny.The great Christmas number of 108 pagesat twenty five cents, (about one shilling),should be sought for by English people whowant to stop worrying for a week or t,ife seems to be produced for fun.... andwithout effort. &amp;och Bild for November 1910 contains anarticle by Carl Behrenson Open air Theatreswith some good illustrations which show clear- ly that the modern tendency has been to cre- ate natural and wild open air theatres, the mo- derns availing themselves of all the accidentsof nature, whereas the ancients made use ofbut two natural aids.... the light and the air.Art supplied all the rest. Never was theirscene a natural one, never the faces or voicesof their actors natural. Yet there are somewriters.... Irving among them, who seem tothink that this was an accident which theGreeks could not help. £/A study off Greek art and Greek charactershows that accidents of this colossal naturewere not permitted.rjphe English Review is one of the best ofEnglish journals. Its form is fine and dig®nified and it offers the hospitality of its wellprinted pages to a more catholic,... or rather,more cosmopolitan,... collection of writingsthan most of its contemporaries, giving usmany good things by European writers whoare, for the most part, too little known inEngland.&amp; The November number contains an es- say in French by Camille Mauclair on 44 LaMusique depuis Berlioz ", a trans- lation from Tchekhov, one Act from MrHousman's vetoed play, a study of Alfred deMusset and many other interesting and en- tertaining essays and notes.Book Notices are also included and at- tention is drawn to some interesting newbooks,&amp; The opening words of the review of Mae- terlinck's play 44 Mary Magdalene, " Religioussubjects rarely make good plays" seems,however, to call for a word of criticism. Our answer to the assertion would be, " No, butthey make great drama, as witness the re- ligious subject upon which the Mass, thegreatest and one of the oldest of dramas, wasbased. &amp; £? &amp; FOREIGN NOTES LONDON G.H. |"Jueer things have happened lately. All ofthem very contradictory and giving themost careful observer very little clue as towhat theatrical London wants, or likes. Thus we have had the Beecham SplashOpera, The Trench Splash Drama, Henry VIII,The Departure of Ellen Terry to America,The Opening of The Little Theatre, The Mai®led Fist of the Censor, Frohman's Late Re®pertory Theatre, The Announcement of " Mac®beth " with Gordon Craig as stage directorat His Majesty's, The Strange Story of ConanDoyle's experience as Playwright and someremarkable and some absurd articles on theTheatre in the London journals.Beecham's Splash Opera has failed,Trench's Splash Drama has succeeded. At\least it appears so. Neither the failure norsuccess has anything to do with the artisticworth of either venture. Both were " splash"..•that is to say, both attempted to rush the si®tuation. If both had failed I could have preach®ed about the short-sightedness of the me®thod and have pointed to the wisdom ofcreeping before running; I could have quotedthe example of the Moscow Art Theatre oreven of Moliere's troupe, both companieswhich advanced slowly, slowly. jgrjg&gt; But in London no rule holds good. All isa gamble. &amp; &amp; &amp; jg?jg? That this state of affairs should be putdown by the authorities is perfectly obvious,but I am not here concerned with teachingmy masters how to manage. jg?&lt;£? I may, however, be allowed to suggest that Mr Beecham' s money would not havebeen thrown away if instead of advertisingthe false belief that Opera does not pay andthat the Public does not want Opera, the samesum had been devoted to making a foundationfor good Opera in Leeds, Manchester, Liver®pool or Bristol. &amp; &amp;&amp; It is untrue that the Public does not wantOpera, but the Public does not want to goto fashionable gilt=edged theatres for it. ThePublic is not a snob.Yet people go to " His Majesty's "to seeHenry VIII ? Yes, because they always go tosee 44 Henry VIII " and that pageant is al«ways a safe card to play in London providedyou make it swagger enough. Why ?.... Whoknows. Perhaps a certain public likes to seea show. Is there any harm in that ? I thinknot. And a certain public likes to see its fa®vourite actors and actresses, for London issociable and pays its regular calls upon Beer®bohm Tree just to see how he is looking. &amp;jg? Then why does Jfallen Terry, who is reallyenshrined in the hearts of her vast public,why does she go off to America?... and tolecture ?It cannot be amusing; it mustf befar more amusing to stay in London and act before her public. &amp; jg/ &amp;jg? Yes; but then no one in London knows inwhich theatre Ellen Terry is to be found. Theyhave to look it up in the papers. ObviouslyEllen Terry should have had her own theatresome years ago. Why didn't she ? Who knows!Yet it may not be impertinent to hint thatthe reason is something to do with the stu®pidity of English theatrical business men. In Germany or France Ellen Terry wouldhave passed from the Lyceum to a theatre ofher own backed by all the capital she wishedf0r,... wished without asking! For has notthe charming Miss Kingston found it quiteeasy to obtain capital for her new JL,ittleTheatre ? and how easy it would have beenone thinks, for Ellen Terry to have createda new Great Theatre. Miss Kingston is doing everything well inher playhouse. It is of course based upon theKleines Theater and the Kammerspiel Hausof Berlin and we are only exactly ten yearsbehind the Germans in coming to somethinglike the same conclusion. But what of that?London won't know; how could it? But weare not anywhere near the Germans in the waywe make advertisement out of the Censor.If Pinero fought the Censor we should bedoing just what is done in Germany. As it is Housman puts up a poor kind of fight,...as if any Englishman wanted to see kings ri=diculed. It is preposterous, and it is impudent.If Miss Kingston avoids this kind of thingfor the future she should be able to keep hertheatre alive longer than Mr. Rroliman'sLate Reperioty Theatre. But that subjectis, of course, unspeakable. 44 Shaw, Frohman,Barker and C 0",.... unspeakable, andlaughable now. It was a strange trio to liar- ness together. &amp;And even stranger it seems Is the colla- boration of Sir Herbert Tree and GordonCraig for 44 Macbeth For the life of meI can* t see how those two will pull together,more especially since I read that GordonCraig drives his own team in Russia and hasbeen offered a team in Paris. Who is to lookafter these two, Tree and Craig ? who is toreconcile their difference of taste amd me=thod ? London is certainly growing bolderthan ever, jz? jg? jg?&lt;g? And yet here again I am wrong, for Lon=don has lately been very timid in regard toConan Doyle. His is indeed a strange story.jg? Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is an Englishman,practical to the backbone,... modest, bluff,good=&gt;tempered,.... and does not seem to betroubled by too much 44 artistic ment ". He has made a world-wide reputa=tion with his pen as andone of his plays was acted some years agoby Sir Henry Irving with splendid results.Now comes an amazing statement, Hewanted to produce three plays, and 44 couldfind no London manager to accept or pro=duce them on his own account," These are SirConan Doyle's own words.... He thereforeproduced all three at his own expense. Thefirst ran one hundred and twenty nights, thesecond one hundred and seventy, the thirdhas run for one hundred and thirty and isstill running.English managers complain that there areno plays to be had for love or money. It isan excuse like most of their announcements.The proof of this can be found in Sir ConanDoyles's statement.I could have understood that no managerwould accept or produce let me say, the44 Cenci " if the poet Shelley had brought it tohim. Had he done so he would have had thepublic and the censor against him, for thepublic is prejudiced against poets, especiallythe greatest, aad the censor is prejudiced a- gainst plays dealing with incest. Added to this the manager would not have been ableto stand an hour's conversation with Shelleynor Shelley have given him an hour.&amp; But Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's statementproves the London manager to be one whois unable to stand anything. &lt;£? jg?I have seen Sir Arthur's plays and foundthem admirable.... especially that excellent44 House of Temperley " with its dashing wayand fresh interest. Why managers refusedthat play was that they didn't know how to actit, and that is the reason why most piays arerefused by actor managers of today. &amp;In an Interview lately given to a Londonjournal Sir Arthur told everybody prettyclearly that he has experienced strangethings in the stage world of London. He saidvery little and offered no criticism, but thefacts he related bring in their own jugdement,jg? This is all I have to report from LondonA tale about nothing,... and its success. Thereis nothing which guides either playwrights,the public or the managers; nothing whicha critic can criticize but everything that hecan regret. Topsy=turvydom.... the reflectionperhaps of the nation;... leave it to the lastmoment: all right on the night..;. Stupiditytriumphant. jg/ jg? jg?Why does everyone prefer this muddlingthrough instead of method ? Why ? No oneknows! But if one should venture to guessone would answer that it is because all senseof patriotism, is absent in us. We all wantan innings all the time 44 Let me play theLion ! " ....and all the other parts.jg? I am told this is different in other landsand that the best man plays the Lion. Why?for the sake of the game or play. &amp;&amp; But then everyone lives in flats on thecontinent. On going out a foreigner meetshis neighbour on his own doorstep. They greeteach other. Later on they meet at a Cafe,and find Hauptmann there, or Menzel,... orIbsen. jg? jg?jg? And in England the Clubs... Snobs,...White and Black balls. No Cafes, no greatartists to be found in them, no independencein life as on the Continent., why not?..? B. P.The Dying Theatre &amp;There is a writer upon the Theatre inEngiand whose words count. He signshimself G. C... at least he so signed himselfat the end of an exceptionally good articlein September 1910 in the Star, and hisnote seems unfamiliar to me. The articlewas headed 44 The Dying Theatre4' and those who are interested in the welfare of theTheatre should try to secure a copy of it. &amp;I should be glad to see it reprinted inThe Mask, and hope the author will disclosehas name to the Editor. &amp; &amp; &amp;It Is quite one of the best things aboutthe Theatre which has appeared in a Londonjournal for many years.&amp; Upon one point, however, I am not atpresent fully prepared to agree with the au- thor. Although he has nothing good to sayabout the Modern Theatre in England heclaims that the Theatre of today is a higherform of art to that of the Music Hall of today,and argues that if the Theatre dies the Mu- sic Hall will die also, for 44 lower forms ofart are fed from the higherBut does the Theatre contain a higherform of theatrical art? Has it ever containedit? And has not the conscious erudite Thea- tre been everlastingly fed by the unconsciousilliterate Tneatre?Marlowe and Shakespeare are born in1546; Ben Jonson in 1574 5 Lope de Vega in1562; MoSiere in 2622; These were the cre- ators of the modern erudite theatre. Butthey were nourished by the masters of anearlier and quite different theatre.... by An- gelo Beolchi, actor and author, born in 2502;by II Lasca, author, born in 2558; by theactors Andreini, Muzio, Pellesini, Martinelli,Scala and Tarleton, all of whom were bornbefore 1550, all of whom were improvvisa- tors; by Marston, born in 2575, by JohnHeywood born about 2500. This theatre is still with us only it sur- vives in a tired-out state... the Music Hallstate. ap jpy jgrTherefore as the Music Hall was no off- shoot from the erudite theatre, some thinkit will not be affected should that theatreexpire within the next few years. In factthe renaissance of the art may just as likelybe hastened by the decay and death of thetheatre proper and the subsequent Increasedjpopularity of the Music Hall. &amp;But who is there to say with certainty ?No two plants grow alike, and no one artdevelops along quite the same lines as ano- ther. The Kings and the Lords are the Priestshave had their Theatre ages ago andhave closed it. The People have had theirTheatre and have abused it. What will createthe third Theatre &amp; That is the question. Not, what will it belike? When we can see out of what the new Theatre is to come it will be much easierto predict its form. G. C.Isaurence living and the Public,Wlth44 The Unwritten Law " Laurence Ir- ving has come to London and Londonshould not let him g0.... Or is It, Londonshould try and get away ? I am always sorryfor the public when a man makes up hismind to master it, and Mr Laurence Irvinghas evidently that best of intentions in hismind at present.That the public will resist him is certainbut that it will not exaggerate its pretendeddesire to escape is to be hoped. &lt;£?Cheap and Nasty &amp;'Jp he London Correspondant of the NewYork Dramatic Mirror is afraid of theexcellent get-up of the plays at the LittleTheatre in the Adelphi.-He says that they 44 have so much of theair of vellum-bound, gilt-lettered, deckle- -44 edged brocade-encased editions de luxe thatyou are afraid of them ". He does not tellus why. &amp;I have been round to my bookbinder toinquire what is wrong with the Englishvellum and brocade but can get no satisfac- tory answer. He says it is expensive and that some people prefer a cheaper article... LIST OF JOURNALS.London. The New Age. Weekly 3d. The English Review. Monthly,Half a crown.New York. Life, weekly ten cents,Stockholm, Ord och Bild, Monthly, FLORENCE J. B. The Cinematograph £/ &amp;he Cinematograph is not improving, justas the Music Hall is not improving.Both are deteriorating from the samecause, the employment of actors.^Whereas once upon a time there was anespecial kind of actor who performed onlythings cinematographic, now the ordinaryactor, fearing to be out-rivalled, has pushedhis way into the cinematographic studio.jzr And on getting there, instead of doingsomething quite fresh and original he actsas badly as he does on the stage and pre- cisely in the same way. Movement by move- ment, facial expression, al! is the same. Wedo not hear his voice, but it makes no dif- ference. The effect is quite as appalling.Yesterday I was present at a very excellen- tly made film, mechanically perfect, artisti- cally worthless. It was a Paris fiim by thebest firm in Paris. The actors were Mile. J.M. Laurent of the Vaudeville, M. Breon ofthe Theatre Moderne, M. Laumoniere of theTheatre Porte S. Martin and M. de Kock ofthe Theatre Chatelet. &amp; &amp; &amp; I foretold everything that they would doafter I had seen the first movement of eachscene. I had to make no mental effort inorder to do this, it was as though I hadmade the thing myself and was the director.44 Yes. they are doing it just as I wantedthem to do. There, she is putting her armround his neck just as I told her for thelast hundred years to do it. There ! just whatI expected ; he is drawing himself up to hisfull height ", and so on; &amp;&amp; But I am ungrateful, I was forgettingthat I got the whole thing for 3d, which isabout what it is worth. &amp;And yet this is not the entire truth. Someof the performance is worth much more.Japanese Playeis. &amp; 4? &amp;J-Janako has been here with her compa- nions. The Florentines were not curiousabout them. They acted two little dramas byLoi-Fu,... (is that short for Loie Fuller?)...and acted them very badly for Japan but ad- mirably for Europe. &amp;The men were better than the women.They seemed better to understand and domore honour to the centuries behind them;they suggested art,... if they did not perpe- trate it. The ladies, on the other hand,kicked over the &lt;£?&amp; The thing which most struck me wastheir Incessant chatter,... and their long pau- ses during which nothing was said and muchdone. I compared it with our methods ofdrawling all the time and doing very littleelse. Another thing which pleased me wastheir disdain of psychological expression bymeans of face or voice. Action was for themthe beginning and end of Drama,... as of course it is. J. S. Mimi Aguglia's New Departure.M imi Aguglia has been here again,this time with some modern Frenchplays added to her repertoire. A great pity.It is another 44 departure " of hers; Theother was when she left the distinguishedposition of leading lady under SignorGrasso.It appears that she does not like beingealled a Sicilian actress; she wants to bemistaken for an Italian actress or even aEuropean actress. What the difference is doesnot seem quite clear. &amp; &amp;These 44 departures ", if natural, are inbad taste. Yet they are nothing new inthe story of women on the stage. It is piti- ful to read in the history of the theatre ofthe wrecks women have made of many goodmanagereal ships which attempted to reachthe Fortunate Islands. &amp;j&amp;The histories of the Restoration stage, ofGarricks' s theatrical life, of the Comedieof the German stage in the Eigh- teenth century and of nearly every Theatresince women first tendered their assistancein the middle part of the Seventeenth cen- tury, contain the records of the methodsemployed by women to harass the differentmanagements and the success they achieved.&lt;£? Woman, beautiful, noble and unselfish asshe often is in daily life, is a continual threatto the existence of art in the theatre, andalso to the successful (management of thetheatre. jg/ j&amp;Those who are thought to be the excep- tions,... the great names... are, alas, theworst offenders. &amp; jg/ &amp;&amp; This is not open to argument, for historytells us the facts plainly enough. The unsel- fish women become the most selfish, themost egotistical under the influence of thepublic applause.They lose their heads... and such prettyheads too. It is a great pity: it is a greatcalamity for the stage. &amp; &amp;&amp; To achieve the reform of the Theatre, tobring it into the condition necessary for it tobecome a fine art, the women must havefirst left its board. I arrive at this conclu- sion first through my study of the stage andsecondly because of my admiration and know- ledge of womankind. E. C. English Actors tor Florence.''jphe Florentines are not badly disposedtowards the proposed visit of an Englishcompany to their city and Mr Collins shouldbe encouraged by this. As for the Englishcolony, it Is playing Bridge. To visit Florencein order to make money either at Bridgeor in Theatricals is certainly an idea, and ifanyone can achieve success in either venture it is the English. BERLIN G,N, Reiuhardt in the Ring. &amp;Reinhart has, with the aid or se- veral other artists, produced a trans- lation of the (Bdipus of Sophocles at aBerlin Circus.... and everyone who wishesthe German Theatre well is disgusted by theperformance. &amp; &amp;&amp; Whenever the Managers of this German Theatre err they prefer to do so as vulgarlyas possible. They are without conscience.They talk much about 44 Style " and presenton their stage bald reproductions of nature.They talk of the 44 soul of the theatre " andprove by their works what kind of soul theymean. &amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;No one denies that Director Reinhardtand his troupe have a touch of genius, butthey are without originality and without art.They exhibit to the audience all the eviden- ces of their hard labour, but beauty stub- bornly refuses to come upon their stage. &amp; How different with our Southern friends!Signor Grasso and his troupe have also atouch of genius, but how delicate is theirprimitive force; it is of the soil, but howsweetly it smells. The German genius reeksof the place it has at last captured,.... thecheap circus. Their's is the worst influence in the mo- dern theatre. They have all the deplorablefaults. They are 44 theatrical " in the mo- dern sense of the word ; they have no senseof what is distinguished either in movementcolour or voice ; they derive their ideas fromforeign sources, and they push these beforethe public without knowledge of why or how.&amp; They have a grand public ever ready to res- pond to their best... and they give this publicwhat we are forced to suppose is their worst,though it seems uncertain whether theycould do better even with more time andthought for it is in taste that they are de- ficient. &lt;&lt;s? &amp; Their activity is commendable; but toallow that activity to degenerate Into themere exhibition of unadorned energy is notonly a pity, but is also censured by the bestschools of the European Theatre as arrogant and harmful. &amp; NEW YORK P.G Mr Ft ohm aii Again. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Frohman says it is his object " to offerspecial Sunday drama..., plays that expose44 the sham and Injustice of contemporary44 social and political life ", &amp;As If he were not doing enough in expo- sing the sham of his own theatrical career.Waste. &amp;Inhere are supposed to be marvellous lighteffects in the production of " The BlueBird " at the New Theatre here. There oughtto be, for it cost the management 250,000 dollars (50,000 pounds sterling) to instal theelectric equipment on the stage. Yet I one- met an artist who showed me the most arnaeZing light effect with three candles and twopieces of looking-glass and a linen sheet....But then he was an artist,... and that makessuch a difference.Forty arc lamps are used for an effect inAct 1. of 44 The Blue Bird ". &amp; &amp;| received from Russia a post card lastweek telling me that the same effect wasobtained there by the use of four arc lamps.The Russian production is acknowledged byall artists to contain the perfection of suchkind of effects, What some of us want toknow is, why were thirty-six arc lamps wa- sted in the New Theatre's production ? EDITORIAL NOTES. MYSTIC HUMBUG There are today many people who dancemystic dances, or pose in mystic poses(such as those lately Witnessed in the CaxtonHall in London), but who forget first to be- come mystics in spirit and in their life,thinking they have done enough when theyhave read in Sir Gardner Wilkinson's bookon Egypt that we owe the drama to Egypt,44 for in the outer court of the great templesthe priests gave to the people 'the mysteries,,We believe no harm is done,... only a littlefolly perpetrated : and if the public wants tobe fooled may be it is best for them. SCENARIO INVENTERS. &amp; &amp; gince the days of Sacco and Gozzi we be- lieve the knack, (can it be called an art?we think not), of composing 44 Scenarios " hasbeen more or less lost. &amp; &amp;Dramatists very probably make andbuild up their 44 plays " around them but wehave not heard of special 44 Scenario " con- structors who do this work and nothingelse. So it is rather encouraging to read inan American Cinematograph adverti semen that amongst the many distinct branches ofthat busiaess there are special scenario ex- perts who invent the action of the dramasto be performed and pictured. &amp;JZ? Such a man may not be an artist suchas Pinero, for instance, but he is a man whomay at any time develop a mastery of hismedium to a point reached by Gozzi, andthen.,. JZ? JZ? &amp; JZ? MADAME BERNHARDT AND VARIETY Jn appearing in a London Music Hall Ma- dame Bernhardt may be said to have re- turned to the true Theatre of today. Thecasual critic condemns what he wronglysupposes to be her 44 desertion of the Thea- tre ". But consider for a moment what she44 deserts ". &amp;She leaves a worn out artificiality for aliving artificiality;... what is her offence? Shehas been guilty of making one step in theright direction.The modern theatre is worn out; it ne- ver was so worn out as it is today. Themusic hall cherishing as it does so muchcreative talent of a somewhat exaggeratedorder is very much alive. Half, if not more,of the music hall 44 turns " may be called'creative'. Madame Yvette Guilbert's perfor- mances are the finest examples of the livingmusic ha 11... Madame Bernhardt does nocreative work of this kind, but the fact ofso celebrated a performer appearing on themusic hall stage must be accepted as the44 legitimate " theatre's recognition of theforce of what is known as the 44 variety "stage. JZ? JZ? &lt;£?jgr This variety stage is the sole remaininglink connecting us with that stupendousachievement of the sixteenth century knownas the Com media JZ? &amp;•£&gt; It is not the Comrnedia but it has certainmarked resemblances to &amp;Madame Bernhardt and the 44 legiti- mate " theatre are both to be congratula- ted on their good sense. JZ/ JZ? JZ? MERCURY - HARLEQUIN. &amp; &amp; ''jphe new English coinage designed by MrBertram Mackennal is to show the figureof Mercury 44 the god of commerce and pro- perty forging the links of the chain whichbinds the South African States together ".It is pleasant to think that the stage willbe so thoroughly represented on this newcoinage and that the ancestor of Harlequinwill foot it nimbly on the shilling.&amp; By the bye, if Lempriere is correot 44 Mer- 44 cury was also the god of thieves and pick- -44 pockets and all dishonest persons. The dayu after lie was born he gave an early proof44 of hiscraftiness and dishonesty in stealing44 away the oxen of Admetus which Apollo44 tended; he also robbed Neptune of his44 trident, Venus of her girdle, Mars of his44 sword, Jupiter of his sceptre and Vulcan44 of his mechanical instruments JZ?How amusing the English are \J&amp; &amp; GAUGIN*S SCHOOL. &amp; &amp; paintings ofGaugin, Maurice Denis, La- prade, Ceganne, Flandrin, Serusier, Mar- quet and Matisse shown at the Grafton Gal- lery have been praised in London.... in aLondon journal ! &amp;George Calderon says that Phiiip Burne-Jones has written a letter to The Times toprotest against Gaugin and his followers andthat everyone in London 44 waxes angry andindignant". &amp;JZ? This is true. It is exactly what everyonedid when Philip Burne-Jones's father wasexhibiting his best works years ago. It iswhat everyone should always be made to do,and failing to do it should be imprisonedfor contempt of art. The only complimentstill remaining for Everyman to offer to fineart is to 44 wax angry and indignant" andto protest in The Times. MASKS IN BERLIN. &amp; &amp; &amp; jt takes a great artist to materialise an ideaso as to produce something beautiful. And,while the idea of the Mask as a means offacial expression is good, the attempts madeby ignorant enthusiasts to materialise this Sdea are lamentable.The Germans have begun. They are soenergetic that they always begin before anyone else. They have lately used masks ona serious stage with ridiculous effectThe performance took place at the BerlinTheatre Exhibition and the play chosen was(i QBdipus ". So like the stupid fellows tochoose a Greek play;... so like the tastelessfellows to make wretched imitations of oldGreek masks and so like their conceitto get photographed in them. Anything exhi- biting less sense and less taste cannot beeasily conceived than the effect producedBut why was the effect so ridiculous ? jg/Because the actors knew neither how tohave the masks made, nor how or when touse them. Again so like the Germans torush in where even the Greeks feared totread ! Yet in spite of this first failure the mask still remains, a moans of expression ifyou have the power to know how to makethem speak, jgr &lt;£?&amp; Our journal is continually urging men inthe theatre to experiment. Need we beg thesame men to abstain from experimentingbefore an audience, and to study in privatefor many years how to do what we mustever continue to urge them is the right thingto do ? jg? &amp;&amp; Even if we could tell them the way to doeverything we would not: but one of thebest ways to do anything is surely to taketime. Twenty years is not a long enough timein which to study the question of masksbefore showing results... unless you are agenius and a genius takes longer. Thereforebe warned, you who think it an easy matterto make and wear masks on the stage. &amp;Treat the matter seriously Be contentnot to show until you know. You will thenbe doing the stage some good.jgt We hear that the managers of the newFrankfort Theatre propose to employ masksin some of their pieces. &amp; &amp;&amp; We counsel them to take DANGEROUS GROUND.j&amp; &amp; gir Herbert Tree does himself an injustice,He writes that he has *' learnt that themost exclusive symbolists when painting ameadow regard purple as symbolical ofbright green,&amp; It seems he learned this at Marienbadfor he writes from there. But how shouldso clever a man have been so easily misledon so simple a matter ? For we know thatwhen the Symbolists paint a meadow theypaint it as they wish and it is only thespectators whose eyes play them false. BOOKS ON THE COMMEDIA. &amp; here are a few books dealing with thissubject In English and many in Italian.One of the best English sketches is to befound in John Addington Symonds' s transla- tion of the Memoirs of Count Carlo Gozzi*His essay upon the Italian Impromptu Co- medy completes, if it qualifies and at somepoints contradicts his "Predecessors of Shakes- peare. " &amp; &amp;There is also a delightful chapter In Ver- non Lee' s " Eighteenth Century Studies ",and passages In a book by Joseph Baretti cal- led " Manners and Customes of Italy ", (1718)which are not without value. jg?In Italian there is one great book on thesubject Luigi Rasi's " I Comici Italian! " In three volumes, Adolfo Bartolo's "Scenariinedlti " is also valuable, and Signor Sche- rillo's work is already known to readers ofThe Mask. In fact there is really no endto the literature which has grown up aroundthis greatest period of the victor, and wehope to give a complete Bibliography in theJuly number of The Mask, 1911 jg?But most of these books are very costly,whereas The Mask, which costs less than ahalfpenny a day, is within the reach of everyactor who cares to hear about the greatestof all the actors of modern times;... actorsgreater than Garrick, Kean, Kemble or Ma- cready; greater than Le Kain, Baron or Tal- ma ; greater than Modena or Sc hroder. If they doubt the truth of our assertionin regard to the greatness of these actorsthey will find its proof in the next threenumbers, A? gg?A Correction.of our subscribers are, justly, per- turbed by a paragraph Jn our lastnumber which attributes to the same authorthe City of Dreadful Night " and the " Houndof Heaven ". &amp; jg/jgr This amazing statement sprang full-fled- ged from the brain of a junior sub-editorwho, being left to see the last pages ofthe journal through the press while hisseniors were absent in the mountains,and finding the copy supplied to him tobe in his estimation insufficient in detail,edited it in his own manner and perpetratedthis glorious blunder. /g? jg?We have fined this zealous youth heavily,and we have also raised his salary, as bymeans of the expostulatory letters receivedwe have been brought into touch with atleast fifty of our subscribers with whomiu spite of our efforts, we had never beforesucceeded in establishing any communication. A WORD OF THANKS. J.S. por leave to publish the first article in thepresent number we tender our thanks toMessrs Chatto and Windus. &amp; gg/ Our frontispiece, which, if not an actualillustration of the Commedia delTArte, ren- ders in a very striking manner one aspectof it, is reproduced from an old engraving(one of a set of six) hitherto unpublished,in the possession of Signor Villoresi of Flo- rence by kind permission of the owner. THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE orPROFESSIONAL COMEDY. J.S. (I) This and the two following numbers of " The Mask" arededicated to the Actors and to the Peasant Folk. 44 PRODUCE GREAT PERSONS, THE REST FOLLOWS WALT WHITMAN. istory, to creative minds, is often a drj' dead thing. It is the story of thePast. Creators are concerned only with the Present and the Future. Yet thereare some old stories which seem fresher every time they are told. Tiie storyof the Commedia dell'Arte is one of them. It concerns our old friends Harlequin,Pantaloon, Pulcinella or Punch and their companions,... The Doctor, Brighella, Scaramuccla, Coviello and the Captain. What fun, you think. Yes! what fun,... but whatgenius also, for the inventors of these figures were men of genius. Whether the inventorswere peasants or actors or both is immaterial. The point has not been decided : but ithas been very clearly decided and recorded that the inventors were not play&lt;*writers,Is it possible ? Can a Drama which holds the stage for two centuries be created withoutthe assistance of the literary man ? It can. Then If it can be created once it can be createdtwice ? It can. Yet there are some who still do not comprehend this. Some there are who grow angry ifyou suggest such a thing. By some process of reasoning, of which they hold the secret,they argue that because actors do not improvise today improvisation must necessarily be apoor or affected kind of thing, fit for children to amuse each other with in the nurserybut quite beneath the consideration of serious people. They also think that, because thisDrama depends more upon action than anything else, it must be a crude kind of thing(2) and the fact that masks were used is sufficient to convince these gentlemen thatno seif=respecting actors could have ever employed their time with such kind of Drama.The persons who argue thus have the advantage of not knowing what they are talkingabout, for if they knew they would be unpleasantly surprised to learn that it was only theactors of the highest genius or talent who could Improvise together.Riccoboni tells us In his "Histoire du Theatre Italien" (1730) that "The actor who improvises" acts with more animation and more naturally than he who plays a part which he has 44 learned by heart. People feel better, and therefore say better, what they invent thanwhat they borrow from notes and memorise. But for all that they purchase these advantages44 at the price of many difficulties; clever actors are required and there must also be actors44 of equal talent; for the drawback of Improvisation is, that the art of even the best actordepends so much on that of his fellow actor; if he has to act with a colleague who doesnot reply exactly at the right moment or who interrupts him in the wrong place, the44 words miss part of their effect, or the sense is lost &amp; Riccoboni then goes on to say that it is not enough for an improvisator to have a goodappearance, voice, or even sensibility, but that to make a mark he must possess a fertileimagination, a facility of expression and a resourceful tongue. Riccoboni is of course talking here of what he studied and witnessed and performed;thus naturally he is labouring under a disadvantage. It is so much easier to write on a subjectabout which one knows nothing. 4&amp; &amp;&amp; Still, something must be said for these antagonists of improvisation who dwell in Eng- land. They are frightened ; they fear to encourage the principle lest a mere imitation beoffered the public and accepted as the real article. They dread that something 44 artistic ~might be let loose and they prefer the 44 theatrical So do we all. But what a strangeplace is England where the good words 44 artistic " and 44 theatrical " have become termsof derision used by artists and theatrical people. On the continent, thank Heaven, one doesnot hear any such thing. One dare speak of art with enthusiasm or the theatre without fear,for both art and drama are part of the life of the people.Anyhow one is forced to admit that after all England does not count in these matterst i....because she won't count.And as there are no frontiers to art all is as it should be. Still, I hope that no one willcommence writing plays for Pierrot and Columbine and Puncinella for a written play isan absurd thing and a dead thing into the bargain. J2? &amp; jg?One dreads to think what sweet stuff a minor or even a major poet would fashion outof these masked giants that strode across the centuries for a while, helping Shakespeare,suckling Moliere, creating Goldonl and being driven away from the haunts of man by theungrateful children they had reared. &amp; &amp;But that a closer and more subtle study of the Art of Improvisation should begin is mostdesirable, and there is no doubt that it has already begun.The Art of Improvisation now and then crops up again in single Instances in the MusicHall, but groups of Improvisators working together, each one as good as the other and ahigh standard for all, are to be found nowhere today. Such groups will never be found untilyoung men dismiss from their minds that exaggerated fear of everything which appears atfirst too difficult to comprehend. Still let them read of these, the greatest actors of mo- dern times.... of Andreini, Riccoboni, Pellesini, Fiorelli, Ganassa, Martinelli, Tarleton, Mo- liere, Costantino and Sacco, and perhaps they will be better able to understand what a greatpossibility faces them which they can make practical by sympathetic understanding, concen- trated and incessant study, with determination not to retreat an inch, but to advancestep by step until the position is captured. &amp; &amp; &amp;This suggestion to the young men in the theatre should not be criticised by them becauseit suggests something strenuous instead of something easy, for though all art appears tobe easy and is in actuality created with ease, the preparation for it, as for the creation ofall living things, must be long and difficult. jgr &amp;4? It was long and difficult for those I have named.... for Andreini and his companians, buttheir achievement was splendid Sn proportion, they were the wonder of their age and oftheir calling: let them but find successors in ours, and then all will be well with the Actor. For these were 44 the Great Persons ".... and the rest followed. &amp; The luveiiters. /?icco ho n i . A written playan absurd thing. The Art ofImprovisation. How to achieveit. (1) The expression " Professional Comedy " refers to the execution, not to the subject, of the play., Mantzius.(2) "Comedies are written to be spoken not read; rememker the ti'e o" these things consists in action", John Marston. 1575-1!),?4 Prefaceto "Fawne". NEW YORKDRA MA TIC MIRR OREdited by Harrison Fiske'The oldest and most reliable Ameri=can theatrical paper, published everyweek at 921 West 42nd Street, NewYork, U, S, A.^Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 5= Dollars,one year; 1,70 Dollars three month, D1NI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSigna.Via dei Fossi N. i - FLORENCEReproduction of sculptures of Oldand Modern Masters = Statues - Busts« Vases =&gt; Bas=Reliefs = Fountains -Doors, Chimney = pieces ~ Bases etc.etc. in every style. &amp; &amp; THE MOSHER BOOKSj&amp; &amp; MDCCCXCI-MCMXI J&amp; &amp;My new Catalogue is sent free on request to book»lovers anywhere that can be reachedby Mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks- You are not wearied by"a jollle good book" jingle and that sort of thing butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut-and-decidedly-dried anthology.THOMAS B, MOSHER &amp; PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U, S, A, THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLYIts mission is to save you from reading a poor or a disappointing book, or fromexperiencing the chagrin that accompanies •« Un=informedness."THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY is as up to date in book matters as a newspaper and...JUST AS NEWSY. Its address Is Philadelphia, U. S. A. &amp;&amp; Dol, 1,00 a year, 10 cts: a copy. Sample copies sent on request mmufcmu'.*nauoiiiMKBRITISH BIBLIOPHILES' SOCIETY10, Rue de la Tribune, 10Brussels (Belgium)The Sword and WomankindA Study of the influence of the 44 Queen of Weapons" upon the Socialand Historical Status of the Fair Sex. Copper-plate frontispiece by PaulAvril. Printed on Simite Japanese paper, and bound in water-colouredsilk. Nothing like since Sir Rich. F. Burton's 44 Book of the SwordNet ais.Passion and Criminality in FranceBy Judge Louis Proal (Puyde Dome). A Study of Jealousy and Crimesof Love in France ; over 700 pp., well bound. Translated from the Frenchby Alf. Alllnson, M. A. Complete authorised edition. Net 21s.The SorceressA Study of Middle-Age Superstition, Black Mass, and Witchcraft, byJules Michelet, with Publisher's Note on the Tribulations of a Bookseller.Crown Bvo vol., cloth bound. Net 10s. 6d.The Love-Story of a SpahiBy Pierre Loti, translated by A. Allison. Fine Bvo vol. Edition de Euxe,on hand-made paper, with Seven copper-plate engravings by a FrenchNet 10s. 6d.The Welt of Santa ClaraBy Anatole France (of the French Academy), translated by A. Allinson,M. A., (Oxon). Finely printed in two colours on hand-made paper, andwith 21 full-paged copper-plate engravings, elegantly bound, gilt top.Net 21s.Thais: The Romance of a ByzantineCourtesan (IV. Cent.)By Anatole France. Complete translation by Robert Bruce Douglas.With 21 full-paged copper-plate engravings by Van de Maele. LimitedEdition on hand-made paper, bound in water-coloured silk, gilttops, &amp;c.Net 21s.The Tortures and Torments of theChristian MartyrsFrom the original Italian and Latin texts of Father Gallonlo, small4to vol. on Antique wove, with 46 full-paged illustrations on ExcelsiorArt paper, neatly bound in buckram. Net 21s.Translations of " The Golden AssThe Satyricon for StudentsiiDescriptive Circulars of above works on application. A GREAT ITALIAN CLASSIC(FIFTEENTH CENTURY)The Most Delectable Nights ofStraparolaCOMPLETE TRANSLATION.Two large stout 3vo vols., on Superfine English Paper. About 800pages, with 50 Coloured Plates and 90 Black Drawings. Price L 4 4s. od.Reduced to L. 1. 11s. 6d. nett.Reasons why you should buy this Edition:mmmmwmammi ™... rrrxtenMtM* .I.l■, 111 au an -...... —..lmuMaJMu win wmirwuTOamttwaattaajim Mmn memmmmom1. BECAUSE the books, in addition to being a durable monument of strong,nervous English, ar© illustrated with fifty witty plates in colours...and to-daythe rage is all for coloured illustrations...to say nothing of some ninety-sevenpen-and-ink drawings In the text. 44 Gorgeous " is the only word that canadequately describe many of those hand-coloured illustrations.2. BECAUSE, in answer to the question, What are Straparola's 44 Nights"?we reply: They are a collection of bright, rollicking stories in the style ofBoccaccio...now pathetic, anon brimming over with boisterous fun and Rabe-laisian humour. The laugh rings true, the gallantry is never low-minded, themorality is sometimes indeed high, and In any case there is no canting smirklurking at the corner of the lip: the work reeks with the joy and gaietyof life.3. BECAUSE the work consists of two stout Bvo volumes of some 800 pagesin all: and, being a magnificent piece of typography, executed In red andblack throughout, will please all who like fine printing. The initial lettersare in red, the titles of the chapters in red, also the running titles on eachpage ; the paper is fine, and of the best English make and quality.4. BECAUSE, further, to add still more to the literary value of the book,the Translator has given an exhaustive Introduction, and been prodigal ofnotes elucidating names of those persons and places not generally known,and drawing attention to analogous stories in Boccaccio, Shakespeare, 44 TheArabian Nights," thus making the work useful to the scholar and student,as well as agreeable to the general public who read for the sake of pleasureand amusement.5. BECAUSE the price is for the moment absurdly low for two such noblevolumes, whereof the value will increase in proportion as the books get scarcer,like stocks and shares that fluctuate according to the well-known law ofsupply and demand.6. BECAUSE only a small number of copies have been printed, and whenthese are sold out, or given away...the terms are nearly convertible in thepresent case...there will be no more obtainable, as we bind ourselves neverto reprint the book, however great the demand.Detailed Prospectus and two specimen platesmay he had for the Asking against sixpenceto cover Cost of Postage.|- U-WJIIILIH.JJIH—II 1 imilWLH.lll —— MBB—BRITISH BIBLIOPHLES '10 Rue de la Tribune, Brussels, Belgium ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES &amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4 &amp;£? (ESTABLISHED i860)AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats,Vases Fountains Flower=stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX19 04 / COMICI IT ALIANIby L u i g3 Vols: Price Francs 150.00AN ILLUSTRATED BIOGRA=PHICAL DICTIONARY OF THEITALIAN ACTORS,F. Lumachi, Florence.Or through Brentano's, Fifth AvenueNew York. THE CONSER VA TOREdited &amp; published Monthly by HoraceTraubel, 1624 Walnut St: Philadelphia,U, S, A, Yearly subscription, dollars1,25 post free, &amp; BOOK COVERS&amp; CHOICE BINDINGS IN FLORENTINEVELLUM AND LEATHER &amp;ALSO CALENDARS CARD CASES &amp;MINIATURES: FRAMES : ALBUMS^ALFONSO DOR I&amp; 14-16 Borgo S. S. Apostoli £/ FLORENCE - Italy L'ART THEATRALMODERNEby JACQUESPrice five francs.PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED.TREATING OF THE WORK OFSTANISLAWSKY, APPIA, REINHARDT,FRITZ ERLER, FORTUNY &amp;GORDON CRAIG1$ dua r d Coin e 1 y &amp; Ci e101 Rue de Vaugirard, Paris