The mask 5 2 October 1912 naau_1912-10_01 The mask 5 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A Design for a stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry as Portia, by E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. Illustration 6 GENTLEMEN, THE MARIONETTE! J. S cre 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET Anatole France cre 10-15 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 15 A WORD ON PUPPETS Arthur Symons cre 15 THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE ASCENDING Gordon Craig cre 16-20 Untitled Image Illustration 16 Untitled Image Illustration 20 CRITICISM: A NOTE 21-22 ,y^rith unrest around us, institutions toppling down, other institutions Adolf Furst cre 21-22 A Design for a stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry as Portia, by E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. Illustration 23 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS "Yorick cre 25-54 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 46 Untitled Image Illustration 54 EARLY ENGLISH PUPPET SHOWS: An Extract from the "A Mysteries" of William Hon. 1823 cre 55-57 Untitled Image Illustration 57 THE "SOCIETY OF THE MARIONETTE". J. S cre 58-59 Untitled Image Illustration 58 Untitled Image Illustration 59 THE GAME OF MARIONETTES; Letters to a Friend from Gordon Craig cre Gordon Craig cre 59-61; 63-64 Untitled Image Illustration 59 Plans for a Marionette Theatre. Illustration 61 Untitled Image Illustration 64 Untitled Image Illustration 65 Untitled Image Illustration 67 Shewing the manner in which the Guignel Is manipulated. If you possess a 69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 A NOTE ON EASTERN PUPPETS William Ouseley. 1823 cre 71-72 Untitled Image Illustration 72 UNTIL TODAY THE ARTIST; A Lost Incident in the Book called Genesis Ivan Ivanowitch cre 73-75 Untitled Image Illustration 73 Untitled Image Illustration 73 Untitled Image Illustration 75 SIMON OF CYRENE. An Unpublished Story Oscar Wilde cre 76 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING. E. W. Godwin. 1875 cre 77-80 Untitled Image Illustration 77 Untitled Image Illustration 80 letters TO THE EDITOR. ENGLAND, ROYALTY AND THE ARTIST. Yours faithfully, George Chaucer cre 81-82 Untitled Image Illustration 82 BOOK REVIEWS. 83-86 BOHEMIAN JINKS. 1908. THE GREEN KNIGHT, A VISION. 1911. by Porter Garnett. Bohemian Club. San Francisco, Cal: E. E cre 83-85 Untitled Image Illustration 83 THE YOUNG NIETZSCHE By 86 THE RENAISSANCE.Studies 86 MANCHESTER PLAYGOER. 86 FOREIGN NOTES. 87-94 Untitled Image Illustration 87 PARIS. 87-89 More Practical. H. B cre 87 Original Ideas. J. de S cre 87-88 M. Doucet,..... Humourist. J. B cre 88-89 LONDON. 90-94 A Church Ceremony. E. E cre 90-91 "Blanco Posnet" at Letchworth. E. G. C cre 91-92 Mr Frohman'sTriple Alliance. 92-93 The Leicester Galleries. G. H cre 93-94 A Curious Compliment. B. P cre 94 GENOA. 94 The Commedia dell'Arte. F cre 94 CRITICS CRITICISED. 95-100 A REVIVAL IN ITALY. 95-98 MORE AMATEUR . 98-100 EDITORIAL NOTES. 101-106 Untitled Image Illustration 101 £/ METCALFE OF 44 LIFE ". j&amp; 101-102 INSULTING INTELLIGENT 102-103 &amp; A NATIONAL THEATRE. &amp; 103-106 ART AND J. S cre 106 AN ADDITIONAL FOREIGN . 107 Untitled Image Illustration 107 THE LEICESTER GALLERIES. 107 7e print below a Note which has J. S cre 107 Cjnce telling you that Mr Gordon G. H cre 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 A QUARTERLYJOWNM, OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREVolume Five. Number Two OCTOBERi 9 I 2 ARENA QOLDONIF L OR E N C EITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. &amp; SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR' SHILLINGS NET. &amp;TRADE A.SIMP K I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON KENT &amp; CO. LON DON. THE MASK. OCTOBER 1912.9 t ''jphe Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy THE MASK.Oetoiier, 1912. GENTLEMEN, THE MARIONETTE! &amp; GENTLEMEN, THE MARIONETTE! &amp; THE MARIONETTES OF M. S/GNORET. THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET. THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET. THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET. THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET. THE CO MM EDI A DELL'ARTE ASCENDING THE COMMEDIA DELUARTE ASCENDING THE COMMEDIA DELVAR THE CO MM EDI A DELL'ARTE ASCENDING. CRITICISM THE MASK.October, 1912. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPEtS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. 0 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OP PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. EARLY ENGLISH PUPPET SHOWS EARLY ENGLISH PUPPET SHOWS. &amp; THE " SOCIETY OF THE MARIONETTE " &amp; THE GAME OF MARIONETTES. &amp; THE GAME OF M &amp; THE GAME OF MARIONETTES. &amp; &amp; A NOTE ON EASTERN PUPPETS. &amp; UNTIL TODAY THE ARTIST. &amp; UNTIL TODAY THE ARTIST. &amp; &amp; MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING. &lt;£&gt; MUCH ABO ABOUT NOTHING. &amp; &amp; MUCH ADO ABOUT LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. &amp; BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES, FORE/ON NOTES. &amp; js&gt; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; CRITICS CRITICISED. &amp; CRITICS CRITICISED. &amp; CRITICS CRITICISED, x? &amp; CRITICS CRITICISED. CRITICS CRITICISED. &lt;e&gt; &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL us? EDITORIAL &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. j£? ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Gerente Responsabile G1ULIO VANZI - II Mil -| I • -y'^arvJ-g..^.A^w,^^&gt;»«J«r. rgfWi I ■ I ■ .—&lt; , r HIT- -- -%tANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM "THE MASK PRESS''ARENA OOLDONI. FLORENCE, ITALY.— THE MASK. NEW SERIES. VOLUME FIVE. JS&gt;Of the new Volume, beginning with the present number, ThreeEditions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,to these Editions are respectively as follows.Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars ILarge Paper Edition (100 copies.) „ 20. „ 5.00Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ , 65, „ 16.00MiBaBMWMiMwiJimyiiiiija— Ml nine m— nil i»3KOasm in—II &gt; n ■■■iini niTi'iiii win iiniemmn'rinfiinniBniiirTwnamiihiujibi— . iiwan»rTrarMimi^,nnrTnBnirniiTrfflBBmwrranBiMnimMffl&gt;wwi»iiTOTirTn««CT——■■■■—■ THE MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911...VI- ifc- §r &lt;&amp;.£z ;Unbound Sets, Vol* 1. Shillings 30. dollars 7.50Vol. 2* 99 99 25* 9* 9 9 6*50 .Vol. 3* 99 9 30. 99 „ 5#oo •99 99 **** 99 99 4*ooBound in Vellum. Vol. 1. „ „ 35. „ „. 8.50C'.S Vol. 2. * 99 99 -3®* 99 99 7*50Vol. 3* »» 25. 9. 99 6.30, HI MHMMIIIHIII. MM WW Vol. 4* »» ♦&gt; 20. 9. 99 5«5^M *fcl JMUWWWI h jj| VVT ;5RA. . * SQEESBK®®9ATIFCS XT^^AWLI^^-—A-- - •-IW&lt;IN ■• A^AW^IFIVE OF "THE MASK"began with the number published last July.* SOME OF THE CONTENTS WERE: *£&gt; PROLOOUE by J. S. .£• A WORD ON THE POLLOCK THEATRES by ELLEN TERRY* • .SOCIALISM, SYNDICALISM, REALISM by LOUIS MADRID. ART AND THE NATIONby "BRITANN1CUS," j&amp; THE ACTRESS by OSCAR WILDE. SIQNOR BRIGHELLA byIDR CESARE LEVI. &amp; OUR DAILY NEEDS by V. SURGEN. j&amp; JACQUES DALCROZEAND HIS SCHOOL by JOHN BALANCE. &amp; THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE by GORDONCRAIG. j&amp; CAPTAIN JACK. B. YEATS by ALLEN CARR1C. HOW JACK B. YEATSPRODUCED HIS PLAYS FOR THE MINIATURE STAGE by JACK B. YEATS. &amp; THEBEST THEATRE IN LONDON by EDWARD EDWARDOVITCH. j&amp; R. L. S. AND THEDRAMA OF SKELT by DOROTHY NEVILE LEES. &amp; THE BLUE JACKETS, ONE OF THEI TOY THEATRE PLAYS &amp; BOOK REVIEW. j0 FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES.&amp; EACH SINGLE NUMBER, (.POPULAR EDITION) COSTS FOUR SHILLINGSNET, BUT IF YOU SEND US FIFTEEN SHILLINGS YOU WILL RECEIVE THEJOURNAL, (FOUR QUARTERLY PARTS) POST FREE FOR A YEAR.I ''The Mask" Offices, Arena Goldoni, Florence, Italy- - ■ II I - *V I« II II II RI- IR FI II NR I IT IN—TPTWTT TITMTWIWIMTRITF I I FOUR OPINIONS ON "THE MASK" |" There is not a page in it which is 1not interesting and stimulating in a fine Iway I" The Mask " always contains something I" worth reading, and often something" worth keepingPail MallI" A quite remarkable magazine, richin intelligence.)}Westminster Gazette."A very amusing and stimulating, aswell as a most beautiful, magazine " 11The Daily Telegraph. II" I may say without any hesitation that / 1•' have received more pleasure from its I"pages, both intellectual and aesthetic," than I have received from any other pe- " riodical now being published. It is ama- "zing to find that in a paper devoted to" a special object there should be so" wide an intellectual appeal.T. P.'s Weekly\&amp; TRADE AGENTS &amp;Simpkin, Marshall, Hamilton,&amp; Kent&amp; Co. London. |jiHMaMBBMMBWMBMHMMIiSIiIIIHi I'lmii iM'IIUfy Willi—g »| I' llliWH Ml If'lll llll'Hl ■!&gt; I I 1 IH iHM Hlll'l lIIH IHI 11 II H I. ,1111 1 "1 IJI llnll M li&gt; HITIIWWmMMMaaMMWnMni Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrucci, Via de Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask " Arena Qoldoni LITERARY CONTENTS. GENTLEMEN, THE MARIONETTE \ ... . Gordon Craig. . . 95.THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET. . . . Anatole France. . . 98.THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE ASCENDING. . . Gordon Craig. . . 104.CRITICISM, A NOTE Adolf Furst. . . . 109.A HISTORY OF PUPPETS "Yorick" (P. Ferrlgni). in.EARLY ENGLISH PUPPET SHOWS. .... William Hone, 1823. . 141.THE SOCIETY OF THE MARIONETTE . . . . J. S 144.THE GAME OF MARIONETTES. Gordon Craig. . . 145.A NOTE ON EASTERN PUPPETS Sir William Ouseley, 1823. 157.44 UNTIL TODAY THE ARTIST " Ivan Ivanowitch... . 159.SIMON OF CYRENE Oscar Wilde. . . . 162.THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF f MUCHADO ABOUT NOTHING E. W. Godwin. . . 163.LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 167.BOOK REVIEWS: FOREIGN NOTES: CRITICS CRITICISED: EDITORIAL NOTES. 169.Short Extract from the writings of Arthur Symons 103. ILLUSTRATIONS. TWO DESIGNS FOR COSTUMES FOR 44 THE MER- CHANT OF VENICE " E. W. Godwin. . . no.PLANS FOR A MARIONETTE THEATRE. . . . John Bull. . . . 147.A MARIONETTE ON THE STAGE „ 150.DICKSONN'S METHOD OF MOVING MARIONETTES. „ „ . . 151.PRANDI'S METHOD OF MOVING MARIONETTES. . „ „ ... 153.GUIGNOL AND GNAFRON „ 155.HEAD AND TALE PIECES AND INITIAL LETTERS by Gordon Craig, John Bull,Oliver, and from Old English Designs. A Design for a stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry as Portia, by E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. GENTLEMEN, THE MARIONETTE! J. S. nP/f/s number of The Mask being dedicated principally to theMarionette, we have asked Mr Gordon Craig, who has studiedhim so closely and knows him so well, to act as Master of theCeremonies and make the Introduction ; and so, together with M.Anatoie France, 44 Yorick ",Mr Arthur Symons and others ofthose who believe in 44 the majesty of marionettes ", make betterknown to many who have long been estranged from them thesewonderful little beings which, with centuries of life behind themand centuries before, have 44 in them something of the divine and 44live with the life of the immortal gods e has been waiting so long in the servants hall that 1 amsure you will not find fault with me for having calledhim upstairs and brought you together. &amp;Yes, he had a capacity for waiting... a talent not with- out charm in so humble a creature. &amp; JZ? Humility is only an assumption in men. &amp; &amp;Let me begin by saying a word on the nature of the marionette.He will wait anywhere for any length of time,... hidden in a b0x,....in a cellar.... or even in a century. But he will wait.... and when he isbrought forward and made to feel at home he will still wait.... then hewaits upon you and all of us like a true servant.&amp; There is only one actor... nay one man... who has the soul of theDramatic poet and who has ever served as true and loyal interpreter ofthe Poet. This is the marionette. So let me introduce him to you.Some of you will think you have met him before. But how is that possible? for once to meet him, is never to forget him... whereas youand he are strangers. &amp;Yet I am not entirely Just. There are times, when you have comeacross him, unawares. He has many disguises and he impersonatesknown heroes and despised persons equally well. £? ■£?You have come across him in some deserted cathedral in Italy or*even In England,... for cathedrals are free, and "open to the public"....and are therefore deserted.There you will have seen him hanging upon the Cross. And manyChristians love him; he is interpreting the Drama of both Poet-man andgod.&amp; Or you have caught a glimpse of him in some temple in the Far Eastenacting a more serene Drama.... seated before incense,., hands folded,...very calm. a?? j£? &amp;j0- Or in the arms of a child you have seen him... interpreting the littlehearts and the larger dreams of iove ! j£? £*These attempts of his to reach you have not entirely failed .... butstill for all this until now you have actually and unconsciously kept himwaiting in the servants hall.j£r Gentlemen.... the marionette \ &lt;£?Yet silently he waits until Ills master signals to act and then In aflash, and in one inimitable gesture, he readjusts the injustice of justicethe illegality of the 1aw,.,, the tragic farce of " Religions ", the brokenpieces of philosophies and the trembling ignorance of all policies. And what other virtues can I name besides these two of silence andobedience ?... I think these are enough.For his chief virtue springs out of these. Because of them he has beenable to avoid that appalling crime of exhausting the stock. Born of woodand the lover of wood, he is content to obey his nature and remainwooden. Others can be as great as he.,., he always leaves much to bedesired; a great being therefore,... greater than Wagner and the othercelebrated men who have left nothing we long to have longer. AfterRichard Wagner, after Michaelangelo, after Shakespeare... what ?... Blanks !They exhausted their gift, they squandered their talent; nothing was*left. They did everything, suggested nothing, and their sons inherited empty purses, empty veins ; instead of thinking of their responsibilitiesthese great exhausters thought only of themselves. They were all fullstops to short sentences. £? jgr &amp;This is not the Ideal of the artist, nor the Ideal of mankind.The Ideal is more companionable, more paternal, gentler. It ends no- thing ; It will not go alone; it takes its sons with it and it has somethingmore priceless than all else to hand out to them at the end of the journey.&amp; Leonardo was such an Ideal. The Marionette is another.The Marionette through his two virtues of obedience and silenceleaves to his sons a vast inheritance. He leaves to them the promise ofa new art. &amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;The Marionette is a little figure, but he has given birth to great oneswho, if they preserve the two essentials, obedience and silence, shallpreserve their race. &amp;The day that they hunger for further power they will surely fall.These children of his I have called ueber-marlonettes and have writ- ten of them at some length. &amp; &lt;£? What the wires of the ueber-marionette shall be, what shall guidehim, who can say ? I do not believe in the mechanical..., nor in the ma- terial.... The wires which stretch from Divinity to the soul of the Poetare wires which might command him ;.... has God no more such threadsto spare.... for one more figure ? I cannot doubt it.I will never believe anything else. nd did you think when I wrote five years ago of this newfigure who should stand as the symbol of man.... and when Ichristened him the ueber-marlonette; to see real metal or silken threads &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;1 hope that another five years will be long enough time for you todraw those tangible tangle-able wires out of your thoughts. (i) Anatoie France. See Tfee Mask, Vol IV p. 308 THE MARIONETTES OF M. SIGNORET by Anatole France. (I) The marionettes of M. Signoret piay Cervantes andAristophanes and 1 expect that they will also actShakespeare, Calderon, Plautus and Moltere; did notthe English marionettes act the tragedy of JuliusCaesar in the time of Queen Elizabeth ? And was itnot in seeing the true history of Doctor Faust, playedby articulated puppets, that Goethe conceived the great poem at which he worked until his dying day ? Did you then thinkit impossible that marionettes should be eloquent or poetic? If those of the Galerie Vivienne would but believe me they wouldaiso perform the Temptation of St Anthony by Gustave Flaubert and anabridgement of the Mystery of Orleans which M. Joseph Fabre would notfail to adapt for them with love. £? ■ xJ?The little marionette who should represent la Pucelle should be car- ved artlessly as though by some good image-maker of the fifteenth cen- tury, and thus our eyes would see Joan of Arc almost as our spirits seeher when they are holy. Finally, since It is in the nature of manto desire without limit, I shape a last wish. 1 will say then that I havea great desire that the marionettes should represent for us one of thosedramas of Hrotswitha in which the virgins of the Lord speak with suchsimplicity. Hrotswitha was a nun in Saxony, in the time of Otho the Great.She was a very learned woman, of an intellect at once subtle and barba- rous. She took it into her head in her convent to write plays in imita- tion of Terence, and it turned out that these plays did not resemble „either those of Terence or any other plays. Our abbess had her headfull of charming legends. jg? &amp;&amp; She knew to the last detail the conversion of Theophilus and therepentance of Mary, niece of Abraham, and she wove these pretty thingsinto Latin verse with the candour of a little child. That is the theatrewhich I want. The one of today is too complicated for me. If you wish to give me pleasure show me some piece of Hrotswitha's; the one, forexample, in which one sees a venerable hermit who, disguised as anelegant cavalier, enters Into a house of ill-fame to rescue therefrom asinner predestined to eternal salvation. The spirit bloweth where itlisteth. To accomplish his purpose the hermit feigns at first to experiencecarnal desires. But... oh unfading modesty of the good Hrotswitha!... thisscene is of an exemplary chastity. " Woman " says the hermit, 44 I wouldlike to enjoy thy body ". 44 O stranger, it shall be according to thy desireand I am going to give myself up to thee "• Then the hermit pushes heraway and cries, "What, thou art not ashamed..." That is how the abbess of Gandersheim understood the managementof a scene. She had no humour. She was as innocent as a poet, whichis why I love her. If I ever obtain the honour of being presented to theactress who takes the great leading parts in the Marionettes' theatre Ishall throw myself at her feet, I shall kiss her hands, I shall clasp her"knees, and I shall entreat her to play the part of Mary in my abbess'splay. I shall say: " Mary, niece of St Abraham, was hermit and courte- -44 san. There are therein some great situations which explain themselves" by a small number of gestures. A beautiful marionette like you will44 there surpass the flesh-and-blood actresses. You are very small, but" you will seem big because you are simple, while in your place a living" actress would seem small. Besides, there is none but you today to44 express religious That what I shall say to her, and perhaps she will be persuaded.A truly artistic idea, a graceful and noble thought, ought to entermore easily into the wooden head of a marionette than into the brainof a fashionable actress. £? &amp; &amp; &amp;jSf In the meantime I have twice seen the marionettes of the rue Vi=vienne and have taken great pleasure in them. 1 am infinitely pleasedfor them to replace the living actors. If I must fully express my feelingthe actors spoil the play for me. I mean the good actors. I would put upwith the others! But it is the excellent actors, such as one finds at theCom£die fransaise that I positively cannot stand. Their talent is too great;it covers everything. There is nothing but them. Their personality effa- ces the work which they represent. They are prominent. I would not have an actor prominent save when he has genius. I dream of master- pieces wretchedly played in barns by wandering actors. But perhaps Ihave no idea of what the theatre really is. I had better leave the care oftalking about it to M. Sarcey. I wish only to descant on Marionettes. ItIs a subject which suits me and on which M. Sarcey would be no goodat all. He would bring reason to bear upon &amp; &amp; &amp;One needs a keen taste for it and also a little veneration. The mario- nette is august: it issues from the sanctuary. The marionette or mariolewas originally a little virgin Mary, a pious image. And the street in Pa- ris where they formerly sold these little figures was called rue des Ma- rlettes and des marionnettes. It is Magnin who says so. Magnin thelearned historian of the marionettes, and it is not quite impossible thathe tells the truth although such is not the habit of historians.&amp; Yes, the marionettes have come forth from the sanctuary. In old Spain,in the ardent land of the Madonnas dressed in beautiful gowns similarto lamp-shades of gold and pearls, the marionettes acted mysteries andrepresented the drama of the Passion. They are clearly designated by anarticle of the Synod of Orihuela, which forbids the use, for the sacredrepresentations, of these little moveable figures : "Imajunculis flctilibus,mobili quadam agitatione compositis, quos titeres vulgari sermone ap- pellamus". &amp; &amp;JS&amp; Formerly, at Jerusalem, in the great religious fairy scenes, they madepuppets dance devoutly upon the Holy Sepulchre.In the same way, in Greece and at Rome, the jointed dolls had atfirst a part in the religious ceremonies ; then they lost their religiouscharacter. At the decline of the theatre the Athenians had so strong ataste for them that the archons authorized little wooden actors toappear upon that stage of Bacchus which had re-echoed with thelamentations of Atossa and the furies of Orestes. The name of Pothinos,who installed his trestle-stage on the altar of Dionysus has comedown to us. In Christian Gaul Brioche, Nicolet and Fagotin have re- mained famous as Marionette showmen. But I do not doubt that M.Signoret's puppets surpass, for style and grace, all those of Nicolet, ofFagotin and of Briochd. They are divine, the puppets of M. Signoret,and worthy of embodying the dreams of the poet whose soul was, says Plato, " the sanctuary of the Loves ".Thanks to them, we have an Aristophanes in miniature. When thecurtain is raised on an aerial landscape and we have seen the two halfchoirs of the birds take their places on the two sides of the thimele, wehave formed some idea for ourselves of the theatre of Bacchus. What abeautiful performance! One of the two chorus-masters of the Birds, tur- ning towards the spectators, pronounces these words:%" lacking wings, unhappy mortals, condemned to an ephemeral and" fugitive life, shadows, light dreams...."It is the first time, I think, that marionettes speak with that melan- choly gravity. THE TEMPEST. Henry Signoret's marionettes have just given us Shake- speare's " Tempest". It is hardly an hour since thecurtain of the Petit Theatre fell upon the harmoniousgroup of Ferdinand and Miranda. I am still under thespell, and, as Prosper© says, I "yet taste some subtilties o' the isle What a charming sight I And how true it is that exquisitethings, when they are naleve, are doubly exquisite. M. Signoret proposesto make his little actors play the chefs d' oeuvres, I will say thesalutes oeuvres, ol all the theatres. Yesterday Aristophanes, todayShakespeare; tomorrow, Kalidasa. His little actors are of wood like thegods whom Polyeuctes detested. But Polyeuctes was a fanatic; he under-*stood nothing about art and he ignored everything of divine and adorable/which a wooden god can contain.JS? AS for me, I feel a sort of pity mingled with a kind of tenderness forthe little beings of wood and cardboard, dressed in wool or satin, whohave |ust passed before my eyes making the gestures ordained by theMuses. My friendship for the marionettes is an old friendship. 1 havealready expressed it here last year. 1 said that the wooden actors pos- sessed in my opinion, many advantages over the others. And I ammuch flattered to see that M. Paul Marguerifte, who has fine taste, thelove of the rare, the sense of the precious, is also a strong partisan of the artificial and diminutive actors. He has composed a. of thePetit-Th&amp;ltre, an ingenious eulogy upon marionettes.JS? " They are he has said, " indefaticable, always ready. And while** the name and too-familiar face of a living actor imposes upon the" public an obsession which renders illusion impossible or extremely" difficult, the impersonal puppets, beings of wood and cardboard, pos- " sess a droll and mysterious life. Their action, in truth, surprises," disquiets. In their essential gestures is contained the complete expres- " slon of human sentiments. Proof of this was given at the performances" of Aristophanes. Real actors would not have produced that effect. There" the abridgement added to the illusion : those masks of the ancient" comedy, those simple and slow movements, those statuesque poses" guve to the spectacle a singular grace." I should not have expressedit so well, but I have felt the same. I add that it is very difficult forliving actresses, and above all for actors, to render themselves poetical.The marionettes are so naturally; they have at the same time style andingenuousness. Are they not the sisters of the dolls and statues? Seethe marionettes of the " Tempest." The hand which carved them imprintedupon them the characteristics of the ideal, either tragic or comic. M. Belloc, pupil of Mercie, has modelled fof the Petit Theatre someheads of a powerful grotesqueness or a charming purity. His Miranda hasthe fine grace of a figure of the first Italian renaissance and the perfumeof the virgins of that blissful fifteenth century which made beauty flowerfor the second time in the world. His Ariel recalls, in his gauze tunicspangled with silver, the little figures of Tanagra, because the aerialelegance of the forms undoubtedly belongs properly to the decline ofthe helienic art. &amp;&amp; These two pretty marionettes speak with the clear voices of Made- moiselle Paule Verne and Mademoiselle C6cile Dorelle. As to the moremanly actors of the drama, Prospero, Caliban, Stephano, it was suchpoets as Messrs Laurice Bouchon, Raoul Ponchon, Amedee Pigeon, F6lixRabbe, who made them speak. Not counting Coquelin cadet, who did notdisdain to voice the Prologue as well as the gay role of the fool Trinculo.The scenery, certainly, possessed a poetry of its own. M. Luclen Doucethad represented the grotto of Prospero with that skilful grace which is one of the characteristics of his talent. The blue which sang in this de- lightful picture added a harmony to the poetry of Shakespeare. (I) These essays appear through the courtesy of Mr John Lane, who is publishing: a complete English editionof the works of M. Anatole France, and who has kindly allowed us to make the above translations from"La Vie Litteraire a complete version of which will be shortly issued by him. A WORD ON PUPPETS by Arthur Symons. After seeing a ballet, a farce, and the fragment of an opera performedby the marionettes at the Costajizl Theatre in Rome I am inclined toask myself why we require the Intervention of any less perfect mediumbetween the meaning of a piece, as the author conceived it, and thatother meaning which it derives from our reception of it. &amp;JS&gt; The living actor, even when he condescends to subordinate himselfto the requirements of pantomime, has always what he is proud to callhis temperament; In other words, so much personal caprice, which forthe most part means wilful misunderstanding; and in seeing his actingyou have to consider this intrusive little personality of his as well as theauthor's. &amp;The marionette may be relied upon, fie will respond to an indicationwithout reserve or revolt; an error on his part (we are all human) willcertainly be the fault of the author: he can be trained to perfection Above all, for we need it above all, let the marionettes remind us thatthe art of the theatre should be beautiful first, and then indeed whatyou will afterwards. Gesture on the stage is the equivalent of rhythmin verse, and it can convey, as a perfect rhythm should, not a little ofthe inner meaning of words, a meaning perhaps more latent in things.&amp; In our marionettes, then, we get personified gesture and the gesturelike all other forms of emotion, generalised. The appeal In what seemsto you these childish manoeuvres is to a finer, because to a more inti- mately poetic, sense of things than the merely rationalistic appeal ofvery modern plays. If at times we laugh, it is with wonder at seeinghumanity so gay, heroic and untiring. There is the romantic suggestionof magic in this beauty. £?Extracts from the " Apology for Puppets ". THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE ASCENDING by Gordon Craig. ow much has been written about this wonderful attempt toraise Theatricals to a higher state.... to lift them from inter- pretatlve into creative realms. And how much more will haveto be written, and that before long, on this plucky attempt. No one fails to understand that In the Commedia dell'Arte the Italiansof the late 16th century gave to future generations a hint as to the pos- sibilities of the Art of the Theatre. The hint was never taken by thoseof the subsequent centuries. The stage as usual liked an easier and lessresponsible task, so after the Commedia dell'Arte had given birth toMoliere it " rested " and again became Interpretative. &amp; I believe and hope that this century will see a revival 'of this in- depedent spirit of the Theatre... I even believe that the spirit has begunto stir again in its ancient bones, (i) &amp;&amp; &amp; &amp;The theatre as an independent and creative art has slept for threecenturies... it is due time that it should awaken. The fear that such a" novelty " as a return to a nobler expression would fail to arrest pub- lic attention is founded upon nothing but the flimsiest of theoriesdisproved by practise since time immemorial.&amp; I hope with further study and more leisure to devote to this subjectsome years of my life. Till then I can only speak very inadequately ofthis wonderful renaissance in the Theatre. &amp;It was a wonderful renaissance and It strikes everyone who approachesit as such, even the dullest of critics and theorists, no less than thetalented men who- are at work in the Theatre.Professor Brander Matthews writes of it as follows: the comedy-of- " masks Is one of the most Interesting developments of the drama in allits long history ", and continues : (2)&amp;*' It was a development possible only among the Italians, who are 44 facile actors and who have the faculty of improvisation. A strolling44 troop consisted of perhaps a dozen performers, every one of whom44 impersonated always the same character, a stock-figure of unchanging44 peculiarities. One of them might be the young lover, Lelio, the same44 in name and in nature, whatever the imbroglio in which he was in- " volved. Another might be Pantaleone, an old merchant, speaking the44 Venetian dialect. A third might be the Doctor, an elderly pedant," speaking the Bolognese dialect. Yet another might be Pulcinella, the44 rascally domestic, indefatigable in ingenious roguery, and speaking44 the Neapolitan dialect. And a fifth might be the Captain, the self-vaun- " ting soldier, always boasting about his marvelous feats of valor. £? 4&lt; Of the women, one might be Leonora, the young and lovely heroine;44 and another might be Isabella, her equally beautiful rival. A third" might be Pranceschina, the pert waiting-maid, as unscrupulous as the44 intrlnguing valet with whom she was likely to pair off. If the company44 contained a performer of old women, this would be a man, who was44 bold in suggesting the least attractive attributes of elderly females.44 Add three or four other performers to fill in the less important per- -44 sonages, and we have a company competent to perform any plot with- -44 out the aid of a written play and often without even a rehearsal.44 If the manager, who was likely to be also a leading actor as well44 as the deviser of the plots, had happened to read the Italian story out44 of which Shakespeare made 44Romeo and Juliet," he might have "cast"44 it to such a company as this, discarding the tragic termination, em- -44 phaslzing the romantic aspects and providing opportunities for the44 clowning of the comedians. Pantaleone would have had a quarrel with44 the Doctor. Lelio would have been the son of Pantaleone, and Leonora44 would be the daughter of the Doctor. The man who played the 44 old44 women " would be the nurse of Leonora; and the Captain would swag- -44 ger as the cousin or brother of Leonora, whom Lelio would kill in a44 duel. Pranceschina would be the serving-maid of Leonora, and Pulcinella44 would be the valet of Lelio.44 The manager-author would call the company together and explain to44 each the relation he was supposed to bear toward all the others. Then44 he would indicate the sequence of scenes in the several acts; and this 44 scenario, as It was called, would be written out and pinned up behind44 the scenes. The play might begin with a violent altercation between44 Pantaleone and the Doctor; but this would be no difficult demand upon44 either performer, since they had often quarrelled in earlier plays. A" little later might come a long love-scene for Lelio and Leonora: and" this again would be no novelty, since he had been making love to her" in almost every other piece since he joined the company. Lelio had in44 stock a dozen perfervid declarations of devotion; and Leonora had44 by experience a dozen different ways of receiving his declaration.&amp; 44 In this fashion, the story of the loves of Romeo and Juliet might be" unrolled by means of these stock-figures, each of which retained his44 own name always and his own individuality. And in this same fashion,44 any other story, tragic or comic, might be represented by a similar44 company of Italian comedians, accustomed to one another, and reali- -44 Zing the advantages of conscientious 44 team-play". The unchanging44 and highly colored type, which any one of these comedians imperso- -44 nated and made his own, has an obvious likeness to the bishop or44 knight or any other piece of a set of chessmen, whose rights and pri- -44 vileges are strictly limited and absolutely invariable, but who can be44 set in motion in varied and limitless relations with the other pieces.44 That the Italians were able to interest audiences, generation after44 generation, with primitive plots of this kind in which character was44 subordinated to story, is added evidence that action is of primary44 importance in the theater. &amp; &amp;i®lt demanded men of great talent. 44 Amateurs were insufficient for44 these tasks. Every dilettante may, without training, and with or without44 talent, learn any written task by heart, and play it more or less badly," according to his capacities ; at least so that the course of the performance44 is not much disturbed or delayed. But not so with the Italian Com- -44 media de/rArte : there talent alone was not enough; professional44 training and perfect schooling were indispensable if the play was not44 to collapse. "(&lt;) ■£? £? &amp;&amp; For 44 to be a good Italian actor means to be a man who possesses a44 rich store of knowledge, who plays more from fancy than from memory, " who while he plays invents all he says ; who seconds his colleagues on" the stage, that is, matches his words and actions so well with those" of his comrade that he enters at once on ail the movements to which"the other Invites him, and in such way as to make everybody believe" that all has been settled beforehand (1)^2?Some critics having become warm about this subject for a momentseem to feel it their duty to grow cold as quickly: they find that theCommedia cannot be held as "deep and sincere", "Nothing" says oneof them, " except depth and sincerity of character=drawing can endow" a play with the enduring merit which will resist the inevitable changes"of theatrical fashion. The " Romeo and Juliet " of Shakspere survives" to=day as vital as when it was first acted, because its two foremost" figures are eternal types of the heedless and headstrong passion of" ardent youth." (2) &amp; jz?But this is not true. An improvised drama can be as sincere and asprofound as a play written by a master of letters: ...character is notdrawn only by writers in ink nor can passion be patented by those ofthe pen. Both the prose and poetry of life are free to us all, and if theCommedia dell'Arte gave expression in the sixteenth century but to theprose of life it is quite plain that the poetic expression still offers itselfto some poet, (not necessarily one who writes) who shall revive the art.The temperament of these Italian comedians and the conditions underwhich they worked influenced them when they chose character insteadof passion as their medium ? (3) another temperament will fling itselfupon the nobler and more mysterious material, (if we can speak of some- thing subjective as a material), and will prove the depth and sincerityof the Art.And so we shall have Drama once more instead of plays written byliterary men of genius or talent. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The thing Is as easy as dancing a waltz.... as easy and as difficult.There is a vivid touch of passion in the waltz; the polka is a dance ofcharacter. Comedians can excel in the latter but only poets in the former. &amp; Moliere shows us that in the Commedia dell' Arte of the sixteenthcentury much commonplace talk was needed to lead up to a "point,"and we may be sure that much silence will be necessary to approach asituation in passionate Drama. Conversation, talk of any kind weakensthe Dramatic intensity of passion. It is all the more amazing that Dram- tic authors have traded in the commodity of talk so long...amazing andshameful. The intensity of passion can only be truly suggested by anact... an act which dominates the silence, not one which sinks under it.We men of the Theatre hear the voice of our mother, commanding usthat we shall not forget this priceless truth...we know this In our bones,our blood tells us it dally and our souls are not deaf to the voice. What then has prevented the rebirth of the true Drama so long? Many things have done so. To begin with WE are most to blame. ByWE I mean all of u5.... we have plotted to avoid the responsibility... halffrom fear, half from modesty. We have always telt that we were unfitto express with sincerity the profundity of passion... being what we are.and we have had no courage to encourage those amongst us who mighthave ventured... being what they are.Yet such men have lived with us:... some have sprung from the nobleunion of lovers who were fitted by their love to undertake the respon- sibility of interpreting through their own persons the Divine. There was much to aid them and there is still as much. Did theyfeel that their face still showed too much the traces of desire to use itin the service of passion they could veil these traces under a mask: didthey tremble for the betraying weakness of their movements they couldremedy such fallings by imprisoning their feet in raised and heavy shoes;.,thus disciplined they no longer need feel fear that their unworthinesswould impede the delivery of their message. £/I shall be able to write more on this theme some day : at presentthis Is enough. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; (1) This article was written 1910. The Hope and Belie? here expressed has now begun to be fulfilled. A fewmonths ago under the direction of Dr Alexander Hevesi a piece was improvised from a scenario of Riccobont'sLe Defiant at the National Theatre. Budapest. The delight of the audience, the success of the actors, thepleasure of everyone, were a demonstration that the fine spirit of the old Commedia has never died, but onlyslept, and that it has but to awaken to arrest public attention. (2) Story oi Drama. 172-94. (I) Mantziiis. History of Theatrical Art: Vol: 15. 214 (2) Le Theatre Italien de Gherardi. Paris 5717.(3) Braader Mathews. Op .cit,(4) W. B. Yeats. 44 The Tragic Theatre " The Mask, Vol; ill. 77 CRITICISM: A NOTE by Adolf Furst. ,y^rith unrest around us, institutions toppling down, other institutionsbeing hastily founded, with beliefs torn to shreds and scattered tothe four winds, it is not surprising that criticism finds itself today onthe verge of disaster. It is more surprising that criticism is as good asi t is.jSf Critics are a race of underrated men, and underpaid too. People seemto forget that criticism is an art and that the critic is an artist. We aregreatly in need of him today. He could save many things, and for thisreason it is to be wished that the English critic would study some ofthe works of Nietzsche, for he would find in him an exceptional friendsThere are some things which Frederick Nietzsche has said which, onceperceived by the modern critic, would lend him additional strength, forNietzsche often repeats old truths in so vital away that they seem tobe new, and the newspaper will never refuse old truths. So Nietzsche isnot only a good friend for the critic, but also a safe one. For instancein his 44 Wil! to Power", on page 297, second volume of the edition latelypublished by F. N. Foulis, he says something valuable for the critic. Hereis the passage: ZZ? JZZ JZ? JS?"Concerning Flank: The terrible consequences of freedom are44 that everybody thinks he has the right to every problem. All order of44 rank has vanished." £? xz&gt; £? £?Upon this theme Nietzsche has many other things to say in otherparts of his works, and it is one of the most important of the pointswhich he makes. See how it may lend strength to the critic if he canonly feel that he has it in his power to state that everybody has not theright to every problem. For instance, the amount of loose chatter whicheveryone thinks he is privileged to pour out concerning the theatre andthe art of the theatre does great harm and nullifies the efforts of thefew serious workers in this branch of art. These men can be heard everyday giving their unripe opinion about matters to do with the theatre,and giving it without any sense of the ridiculousness of their presump- tion in the very presence of men who have studied this question for alifetime.I remember hearing a very celebrated Anglo-American painter layingdown the law about things to do with theatrical art in the presence of a man who is a master in the art, and this same great painter had amonth previously written a letter to one of my friends saying that hewas not very much interested in the theatre and knew very little about it.Now you would have thought that such a man, when he came to speakabout a matter of which he previously had expressed ignorance wouldsay without hesitation " Now you know I know nothing about this ; tellme about Itbut you see he evidently thought that he had a right tothat problem, and the "Terrible consequences" of that were that theorder of rank for the time being was upset.&amp; Although very much cannot be said for the actor, or the theatricalmuse in general, as regards his own art, still one must enthusiasticallyadmit that he is seldom found "gassing" about other arts to other ar- tists. If in the presence of a painter, he generally enquires respectfullyabout painting, and when he has received an answer fwhich I grant youhe doesn't understand) he thanks his informer and the order of rank isunbroken. &amp;Now if critics were to write on this point, and were to drum it intotheir readers' heads that they were making donkeys of themselves inpretending to a knowledge which they dp not possess on matters uponwhich they had not expended any thought, it would do a great dealOf gOOd.^2?There is nothing shameful in not knowing about the art of the thea- tre, but there is something extremely ridiculous In pretending to knowabout it. jZ? £? &amp; z?1 do not think that we who write in Mask have often spokenabout the work of, let us say, Mr J. S. Sargent. We have perhaps res- pectfully said that he was a magnificent painter, Just as we may havespoken of Augustus John or Van Gogh, but we have never gone into thematter of painting as an art, for the very good reason that we knownothing about it. And we all rather think we deserve a prize for this,and the prize we should like would be that the workers in other fieldsof art should respect our art and listen to what our artists have tosay« &amp; &amp;The fourth chapter in the " Will to Power," volume 11, should reallybe carried about by every critic in his breast pocket. A Design for a stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry as Portia, by E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS by "Yorick" ANCIENT PUPPETS IN THE TEMPLE. t is obvious that In this direction we have neither thetime nor the means to make a journey according to rule,with its obligatory stoppages, its longer or shorter rests,its Indispensable deviations into all the secondary lines,noting everything and discussing ail the arguments. Were we to adopt this method a single volume would no longersuffice for the history of the Puppets ; It would need a regular library.We will therefore content ourselves with a simple excursion Into thefield of venerable antiquity; with the swiftest of Journeys through thestately temples once inhabited by the Gods who have departed fromthem ; with a hurried excursion through the sacred woods, where theinitiated of the mysteries of the old religions, now passed out of fashion,%celebrated the mysterious rites, and the solemn feasts and the sacrificesand the processions and the pomps,... at times obscene as at others awful,but always poetic,.... of the pagan liturgy. JS*We shall, for example, scarcely peep, in company with the good Homer,beyond the confines of the world, into the starred, eternal, shining hallsof Vulcan, where Thetis of the white foot went to seek the enchantedarms promised by her to Achilles. The Goddess arrived in the workshopof the immortal Cripple, and, (1)She found him in a sweatAbout his bellows, and in haste had twenty tripods beatTo set for stools about the sides of his well-builded hall,To whose feet little wheels of gold he put, to go withal,And enter his rich dining-room, alone, their motion free,And back again go out alone, miraculous to see.&amp; Certainly, a great marvel!... But inasmuch as Homer had not seen themhimself, his testimony does not convince us of the real existence of theself-moving tripods. &amp; &amp;It merely suffices to show us that, from the most remote times,there existed in the human mind the idea of inert matter, fashioned into various forms, and arranged and articulated by ingenious craftsmenin such away as to simulate the movements and actions of rea! life. &amp;&amp; Descending then precipitately from heaven to earth, we see beforeour eyes the annual ceremony with which the great festival of Osirldewas celebrated in Egypt.&amp; There, according to Herodotus, in the midst of the crowd which in- vaded the precincts and flowed along the avenues lined by the intermi- nable ranks of monstrous granite sphinxes, marched in great bands thepriests, bearing on their shoulders the image of the God, whose headmoved incessantly from right to left and darted over the multitude thelightning glances of his fiery eyes.&amp; With their backs to the walls of the temple of Jerapoli.... accordingto the testimony of the "Anonyrao" who wrote the treatise "De syria Dea"(by some erroniously attributed to Lucian,).... stood enormous figurescarved in wood and overlaid with plates of gold, which moved theirheads with a merciful or menacing gesture, and instilled into the faithfulhope or terror.The statue of Jupitor Amnion, as described by Diodorus Siculus, didnot give forth its oracles without having been first carried in procession*in the open air, in a colossal golden boat, on the shoulders of eightypriests, to whom, with a gesture of the head, It Indicated the road thatit was pleased to follow and the precise place where it wished to rest.£? The Apollo of the temple of Heliopolis was fashioned of great platesof gold, and moved all its limbs before dictating its replies, and movedits eyes, and sweated when the pontiff Interposed over-long delays tothe questions.&amp; In the pages of Ateneo (i) one reads with extreme interest the de- scription of the magnificent feasts celebrated in honour of Bacchus andof Alexander by Tolomeo Filedelfo; in which, after many most singularspectacles, a four-wheeled cart was made to advance, drawn by sixtypersons, cui Nisae insidebat effigies, cubitorum ocio, tunicamiuduta croceam, auro distinctam, amicta veste Lacottica. Machina- mento quodam ingegnose fabrefacto ilia nullo manibusattollente, et übi lac ex aurea phiala Ilbasset, sedebat rursum which In ordinary language means; there was on the car the Image ofthe .city of Nlssa, eight cubits high, dressed in a saffron coloured mantle,glittering with gold, and with a short robe in the fashion of Laconia.By means of an ingeniously constructed mechanism that figure rose toits feet without anyone touching it, and after it had sprinkled milk asa libation, sat down again £? A&amp;tOf the statues of Dedalus the ancient writers have spoken in ahundred different ways. All are, however, agreed in affirming that they\ tseemed as living people: utque arlis vi aes adactum faerit ad sensushumani speciem praebendam, as Callistratus left on record: meaningthat, by the power of art, the bronze was induced to present the ap=pearance of human sensibility. The Venus of Dedalus, admirable forgrace and beauty of form and rendered by the daring craftsman differentfrom the other hieratic figures, (which tradition required to be almostenclosed in a sheath like mummies or to have all the limbs, except thehead, united in one,) offered herself upon the altar nude to the gaze,with arms and legs separated from the trunk and articulated in such amanner as to be able to move freely by internal force. &amp;The divinities of Crete and of Rhodes, the " Fortunes " of Anzium,all the idols of Lazium and Etruria, the group of Jove and Juno as chil- dren at Preneste, the Dioscuri at Rome, lived with that dedalean lifewhich was lent to the powers and movements by the mechanism hiddenin the hollow breast of the figures.&amp; Ovid, in the sixth book of the Fasti, cites with horror, and describeswith admirable evidence the prodigy which befell in the temple whenthe statue of Servius Tullus, during the solemn ceremonies of a sacri- fice, with a furious gesture covered his eyes with his hand so as not tosee his parricide daughter. £/Titus Livius,(i) in speaking of the wonders which took place in Romein the. gatherings of the year 573, recalls the banquet offered on the public piazza to the statues of the Gods, who lay upon couches coveredwith purple before the spread tables. " Terra movit, in forls publlcis," übi lectisternium erat, Oeorum capita, quae in lectis erant, averterunt♦' se" The earth shook; in the forum, where were the couches, theheads of the Gods, reclining on the beds, turned away, disdaining thefood !....The miracle filled all orders of the citizens with consternation,but no other remedy was adopted save that of recommencing the feastfrom the beginning. And the Gods, the second time, accepted the banquet.Perhaps the priests had a better appetite \j® It would be easy for me, did I so wish, to multiply these learnedquotations; to establish the fact of how, among our great Roman forefa- thers, it was a very common custom to carry processionally, in the dayspreceding the celebration of the solemn games in the circus, various littlemovable figures of wood, of ivory, of metal, representing Divinities, andmonsters and animals, all relative to the mysteries and rites of the re- ligion, in which the populace took the greatest delight, and which terri- fied the ignorant and the children. &amp; &amp; j® j®j® But I think that the road is long, and that this part of the subjectis not the most interesting for us, who are curious to seek out and torecord more especially the facts relative to the Puppets of the theatre.At which, however, we cannot arrive without pausing first for a littleamong another generation of public and domestic puppets, whose physi- onomy and memory the ancient writers have diligently preserved for us. ANCIENT PUPPETS IN THE HOUSE. begin, naturally, with that numerous family of puppets whichmost nearly resembles the species previously described, and whichin certain ways are connected with religious superstition.We have the testimony of Heredotus (1 with regard to that strangeEgyptian custom of calling men to a banquet, and then of passing fromhand to hand of the invited guests, a statuette of ivory or of wood, re- presenting a dead body on a bier. It was either a poor jest of the worst kind, or a charitable suggestion not to eat immoderately, or a piousinvitation to meditate upon the uncertainty of all things human, andthe Imminence of death, at the very moment when provision was madefor the sustenance and preservation of life. The explanation is difficultbut the fact is incontestable. &amp;It now remains to be proved whether those little figures of deadbodies.... or of skeletons, as Plutarch calls them were jointed andmovable in any of their parts. Mr. Wilkinon,(i) a learned Egyptologist, insupport of his affirmative opinion, describes two female statuettes, takenfrom an ancient sarcophagus, one of which had the arms detached fromthe body; and the other, without a head, that presented evident tracesof jointure at the neck. Two similar figures have been described by Si- gnor Prisse, the one in the Museum of the Louvre and the other In acollection of Dr. Abbot. (2) Charles Magnin Is of opinion that those four" fantoccini " had no convivial destination, but were simply children'splaythings. I ask pardon of the " maestro " and I beg for permission togive my vote in favour of Mr Wilkinson. To bring to table and offer to'your guests a " cadaverino", more or less skillfully modelled may,undoubtedly, seem to be a mournful eccentricity, but the thing is unde- niable ; and I confess that I do not find much difference between therigid dead body and the jointed mummy. What is to me more unaccep- table Is the idea of giving to a child an image of a dead body on a bierIn order to amuse It or to stop its crying. The ways of Egyptians atthat remote period were no doubt different from ours, but I cannot be- lieve that the children of Memphis and of Thebes would have foundmuch pleasure in dallying with a cadaverous "fantoccio". Again, I wouldask, what would be the purpose of artificially adapting jointed heads,arms and legs for a figure that was especially designed to represent alifeless body. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;1 think It Is more logical, then, to accept the opinion of Wilkinsonand to classify the dead burattini with the statuettes that were preordained as a pastime for the " grown -up children" from sixteen up to eightyfive years of age, who were assembled round the banquetting table andin process of commencing or taking part in an excessive feast. Moreoverthe custom of bringing and exposing, towards the middle or end of themeal, every kind of moving figures in different stage attitudes, was notby any means peculiar to the Egyptians, but may be regarded as theuniversal practice among peoples of ancient times.In Greece there was no house, there was no family, that did notpossess a little collection of " pupazzi " whether for ornament or tabledecoration. The most skilful artificers of Athens, of Megara and of E=phesus strove in rivalry to produce wonders of plastic art and miraclesof mechanics in the form of tiny statuettes, worked with their habitualdelicacy of style, modelled, coloured and draped with that taste, forwhich they were celebrated from the most remote ages. It was a fashion of the day, at least in the time of Xenophon, who,in his description of a banquet given by Callias, introduces, between thedifferent courses, a Syracusan juggler, who disposed his puppets upon apurple cloth and caused them to execute a graceful " bailetto " and anamusing pantomime. j£? .j2&gt;&amp; A similar custom prevailed in Rome. It will be sufficient, as a proof,to quote the words of Titus Petronious Arbitro relating to a sumptuousfeast given by Trlmalcione : "As we were drinking and admiring the mag- " nificence of all around us, a servant brought into the room a silver fl«" gure, so constructed, that by a certain action, every part of it moved" and turned " ..Trlmalcione raised his voice, declaiming : (i)" Ohitnel... miseri n0i1...L' uomo e una larva, un nulla...Presto cade e si perdeDi nostra vita il verde. Cosi saremo poiTuttl, quando 1' implacabileL'Orco ci rapir&amp;.Viviam dunque, viviamo;Fintanto che possiamoStare allegri di qua ".The verses were less than mediocre, (even Trimalcione's Latin ones) ;but the puppet was, it seems, a masterpiece of Dedalic art. Finer, andequally well adapted to the subject, Is the paraphrase of that stropheput by Pietro Cossa in the mouth of his Nero. " Beviam.... presto si muore,Ne crescono le viti del FalernoLungo la tetra rivadei laghi dell' Averno.Cola piu il nostro labbro non si posaSulla bocca amorosaD' una cara fanciulla...Amiam,.. cl aspetta, dopo morte, II nulla!... (i)And here we have explained the mysterious significance of the gloomyconvivial marionettes, an incentive to the practical propaganda of epicu- rianism; an encouragement to free life, cool drink, hasty enjoyment, in aworld which, without the consolations of the table and the alcove would\be too full of troubles; and where one is in any case to remain for soshort a space of time that the supreme wisdom is that of htm whocontents himself with going along as best he can, day by day, withoutthinking about or trusting in the morrow.&amp; One seems positively to hear the little silver skeleton of Trimalcionerepeat, with the noise of his movable vertebrae, to each of the numerousguests, in the form of a counsel, that ejaculation which Orazio Flacco whispered in the ear of the beautiful Leuconoe:Tune quaesieris... scire nefas... quern mihi, quern tiblPlnem Dl dederint, Leuconoe..; nec BabyloniosTentaris numeros. Ut melius, quldquid erit, pati !...Seu plures hyemes, seu trlbuit Jupiter ultimamQuae nunc oppositis debilitat pumlcibus mareTyrrhenum: sapias, vina liques, et spatio breviSpem longam reseces. Dum loquimur, fugerit invidaAetas.... Carpe diem...quam minimum credula postero. (i)Having spoken of the entertainments of "grown persons", we comenow to those of the 44 little children who, in the most ancient times,received gifts of marionettes and " pupazzi " just as they do in the pre- sent day. The sepulchres of Thebes and of Memphis, recently examined,have restored to the light, among an enormous quantity of playthingsdeposited in crypts and in children's coffins, a not inconsiderable numberof figures of men and of animals, with the principal members detachedfrom the trunk, and furnished with rings, joints and apertures, evidentlydestined to receive the 44 filo " that enabled 44 fantocci " to imitate thegestures and motions of living beings. In Museum of the Louvrethere are several of those puppets, representing men, carrying instru- ments of labour in their hands, which, by joints or hinges in the arms,were made to move. The city of Leyden possesses a wooden figure, un- doubtedly Egyptian, and very anceient, that has the appearance of a manbending over his work, jointed at the arms and ankles, and capable ofImitating the movements of a launderer at his wash tub, or of a baker at his kneading trough. There is also the marionette of a crocodile,with the lower jaw made to move by means of a pivot, and with the feetconnected by a kind of hinge. Charles Lenormant discovered another oneat Thebes in 1829; it was entirely of ivory and is the imitation of ayoung woman, with different parts united by metallic wires, and thehead, arms, and legs were all movable.-e?&amp; Don Ignaido Paterno Castello, an academician of the Crusca, publishedit! Florence in 1791 a learned dissertation "Sopra gli antichl ornamentie trastull! Dei bambini in which wi'th great profuseness of eruditionhe demonstrates:,,, "that mothers and nurses, from the most remotetimes, were accustomed to suspend from the necks of their children,amulets, whistles, " Pasclolas, Bullas, Corailia, Tintinnabula, becausechildren are amused with anything that makes a noise ", and when theywere getting bigger they gave them, in order to calm their tempers andto divert their waking hours, the little " figurini " that had been madeto move their limbs. The infantile marionettes which have been foundin Greece are so many in number and so beautiful, that if 1 were todescribe them, I should have to devote at least fifty pages to the inven- tary. It is sufficient to say that they are to be seen in all Museums, Inall private collections, and in all municipal galleries, There are some who,relying upon certain words of Plato, maintain that Archimedes himselfdid not' disdain to model some of his wonderful burattlni, and to adjusttheir members with such complicated mechanism, but so perfect, as toproduce the illusion of spontaneous movement. What, Archimedes ashowman I It may seem incredible to many, but It is Monsignor Boldettiwho says it, and it is not for me to contradict a priest.At Corneto, which, as everyone knows, is the ancient Tarquinii, sixchildren's coffins were found in a vault; and in each of them there werenumbers of small Roman marionettes, all of the most delicate workman*ship and decoration. And on this subject, 1 have a curious observationto make. The custom of burying children together with the playthingspuppets that had amused and diverted them during their firstyears, was, not lost with the last vestiges of paganism, but continued,unchanged, for many centuries of the Christian era. Or, to put the matterin other words, more appropriate to our subject;., it is an Incontestable and undisputed fact, that the puppets survived the Gods. The greaterpart of the movable "figurine" to be found to-day in Museums andprivate collections, have come from the Christian catacombs of Rome,where it is not unusual to find engraved on the stone of a sepulchre,containing the bones of some child, long lamented by the new followersof Christ, groups of marionettes and ** pupazzi ", designed with the mostgraceful and touching ingenuity. Many puppets, and nearly all intact,were discovered during the year 1544 in the tomb of Maria, daugiiter ofStilicho, and wife of Honorius, who (Maria) had been buried in thatsepulchre together with her infant child in the Cemetery of the Vatican.And here I must make a short digression:.,. The Emperor Honoriuswas the son of Theodosius the Great, who, for some time, united in hishands the supreme power of East and West, and maintained under hisauthority the entire Roman world. Born in 384 before Christ, Honoriuswas Consul at the age of two, a Caesar at four and Emperor at eleven.On the death of his father (in 395) and in the division of the Empire,the portion that fell to Honorius was the crown of the West, of whichRome was the brightest and most precious Jewel. But, already, the" barbari ", driven from their native mountains, and forced by necessityto possess fertile lands and the riches accumulated during so many yearsof conquest, began to scatter themselves all over Europe, carrying withthem the scourge of invasion, war, fire and hunger. The Goths, led byAlarlc, descended into Italy from the one side, while the Suevi, underthe command of Radagasius, overran the country from the other. Honorius was almost a child, weak, inexperienced, careless and timid.In the midst of numberless dangers, fearing enemies from without andtraitors from within, he wandered from Rome to Milan, from Milan toAsti, from Asti to Ravenna, dragging his wife with him, and childishlyamusing himself with the rearing of birds and poultry. But, over him...and over a11.... there watched Stilicho. A Vandal in origin, he was avaliant soldier, a wise counsellor, a man of great mind and great heart,and father-in-law of the Monarch, to whom he gave in succession two ofhis daughters in marriage, of whom the first was Maria. Stilicho, atthe appearance of the «' barbari", forsook his imperial palace, took com- mand of the army and advanced to battle; and so skilfully did he arrange his plan of campaign, so carefully did he carry out all his move- ments, and so valorously did he fight at the head of his troops, thatin less than three years, from 403 to 406, he defeated Alaric at Pollentia,and surrounded and took Radagasius prisoner on the green hills ofFiesole in Tuscany; twice he celebrated victories, twice he saved theEmpire from imminent ruin. And the Emperor Honorius rewarded himfor his distinguished service, two years afterwards at Ravenna, by cau- sing his head to be cut off on the threshold of the principal church.Maria had not to undergo, like her sister, the ineffable sorrow of wit- nessing her father's massacre. She had died at Rome some years before,soon following her little son to the tomb; that tomb that enclosed, withthe bones of the royal infant, the " pupazzi" that had arrested his criesand dried his tears during that continued and terrible succession oftriumphs, of flights, of pomp and of misfortune. You may smile, perhaps,as you think of that woman, that mother, that sovereign, daughter ofthe greatest captain of his age, exalted to the most brilliant throne inthe world, in a time of tumult and ruin, and amidst the clash of armswhile the old order of things was crumbling, and, in the stormy passagefrom the ancient to the new, all passions, all hatreds, all rivalries, allambitions were furiously raging, going down to the grave, as to an asylum,with her child between her arms, and seeking peace in that sacredground, which the new religion had confided to the protection ofguardian angels ; carrying nothing with her of all her wealth and trea- sure but the poor playthings of her little child. It is an affectingthought, that softens and consoles and stands out in strange contrastwith the ferocity and cruelty of that agitated period. &amp; &amp;&amp; In confirmation of what has been already said with regard to the dis- covery of puppets in the old Christian sepulchres, Fllippo Buonarroti,in his " Vetri antichi " (Pref., p. ix) describes having seen in the Car- pegna museum certain infants of ivory and bone, that had been found inthe cemeteries of San Callisto and Santa Priscilla, and that had the armsand legs Jointed to the. body by very thin iron wire. Monsignor Boidettihas published and illustrated an account of similar instances, in theTables,-forming part of his work on the "Cemeteries of the holy Martyrs "This is what he writes ;.... &amp; 44 The ivory figures, shown in this Table, and which are found incemeteries in children's tombs, are about six inches, or more In height;sometimes they are even as much as a " palmo " , they consist of bust,hips, legs and arms, detached at the joints, and pierced so as to admitof the passage of very thin iron or copper wire; so that the whole figuremay be rendered movable in every part. Children were accustomed todivert themselves with these little Images, moving, or setting them Inmotion, after the manner of theatrical puppets (i)From this point, let us endeavour to trace the history of this verycurious form of dramatic Art, which, although a little neglected in ourday, is still alive, and which, in spite of repeated vicissitudes, was formany centuries so glorious and triumphant. ANCIENT PUPPETS IN THE THEATRE. TThere is no trace of any document to prove the existence, amongthe Egyptians, of " fantoccini " intended for public display. &amp; Of all the 44 figurine " discovered in the course of excavations, notone has on its head the little iron ring for the reception of a wire, soindispensable for the purpose of supporting the marionette on a stage;not one has the hollow internal space, in which, In another form of44 pupazzi ", it is usual for the showman to introduce his fingers. Iwould not say that this is positive evidence that theatrical puppetswere entirely unknown to the ancient Egyptians. The conditions ofculture in that country, the magnificence of popular and religious fes- tivals and the undeniable testimony of the 44 pupl convivali " mightpersuade to the contrary. But in a matter of history every suppositionthat is not supported by some slight proof passes into the region ofsimple fancy and imagination. It will be prudent, therefore until wehave information to the contrary.... to assume that the ancient peopleof Egypt did without that very pleasant amusement.&amp; Greece, on the other hand, from the remotest times of which any accounts have come down to us, had marionette theatres in the publicplaces of all the most populated cities; she had famous showmen, whosenames, recorded in the pages of the most illustrious writers, havetriumphed over death and oblivion; she had "balletti" and pantomimes,«exclusively conceived and preordained for the play " pupazzi". &amp;Xenophon,... as we have already said... in the description of the famousbanquet of Callias describes, among other 'pastimes offered to the in- vited guests, a scenic play, that took place in the banquetting hall itselfand was conducted by a Syracusan showman, who informed his hearersthat men of his profession, " Neurospastomena " as they were thencalled, were in Athens neither few nor poor, but possessed* movabletheatres, which they carried about from place to place. " I rejoice ''was the message of Xenophon to the showman of Syracuse, that thenumber of imbeciles in the world is still so great". "I rejoice" replied theshowman. "It is the imbeciles who give me my living, running in crowdsto the puppet play ". JZ? £? &amp;&amp; The juggler of Syracuse had a long tongue, according to allaccounts, and easily succumbed to the temptation of retaliating withthe philosopher, and of bringing into ridicule the kind and indulgentguests who paid for his merry representations in ready money. But itwas not really, or at any rate not always, the imbeciles, the poor andthe ignorant who allowed themselves to be imbued with a passion formarionettes on the sacred soil of Apollo and Minerva. We know, in fact,on undoubted testimony, that Archytas and Eudoxus, eminent mathema- ticians, were not above employing their time and knowledge in theconstruction of puppets, capable of performing the most difficult actionsunder the Influence of the showman's fingers ; we know that Socrates, inthe course of his meditative walks, would sometimes stop before ashowman's booth, and from the motions, attitudes and dances of " fan- toccini " he derived suggestions and examples, with which he afterwardsenriched his discourses and his books. JZ?degenerated sometimes into a kind of monomania, that threw a shadowof discredit over some of the most conspicuous personages of antiquity.Antiochus king of Syria had hardly mounted the throne before he surrounded himself with mimes, burattini and dancing figures of showmen;for the latter he had such an extraordinary love and admiration, thathe wished to study the art from its beginning and to privately exerciseit himself. In a short time the Court was full of marionette performers;the Monarch gave himself up entirely to the construction of " pupazzi"and to the setting up of diminutive theatres, furnished with royalluxury, in which, with singular ability, he managed large figures of menand of animals, carved and painted to life so as to produce the mostperfect illusion,and covered with silver, with gold, with jewelry, preciousstuffs and shining armour. The theatre was furnished with the mostcomplicated and surprising mechanism, and with such marvellous applian- ces that every kind of transformation could be carried out, every ap- pearance of meteoric phenomenon be imitated and every sort of prodigy,whether agreable or the reverse, be perfectly simulated. And in themeantime affairs of State dragged along wearily; truckling ministersIn order to pay court to the Sovereign, went more often to the Puppetsthan to the Council Chamber; the army, left in the hands of ineptgenerals, dwindled away, and instruments of war fell Into fragments,and very soon the throne of Antiochus began to shake, exactly like alittle theatre of marionettes.&amp; It should be said that from the very first appearance of "fantoccini"on the sacred soil of the Iliad, the best and most skilful artificers andshowmen belonged to Sicily and had Italian blood in their veins. But not only in the time of Euripides and Menandro did the puppets finda place in Athens as they did later at Paris in the time of Moli&amp;re andBeatimarcliais and at London in the days of Shakespeare and of Sheridan;the Athenians developed so keen and general a passion for this formof amusement that the Archons were obliged to permit a valiant 4&lt; Neu- rospasta" to produce his puppets on the great stage of Bacchus, uponthat very stage which not long before had witnessed the tragic enthusiasmof the actors of Euripides. jgjg? &amp;Ateneo, in his 44 Banquet of the Sophists " directs a stern rebuke atthe Athenian people for this profanation of the tragic stage; but he for- gets that the event took place only in an epoch of decadence of the cora- gia and a time of political oppression, when the victories of the Macedonian faction had reduced the theatre to an instrument of slavery,Then one saw the 44 castello " of the puppets proudly raise itself onthe timele, and the 44 Neurospasta " hidden within the little Improvisedtheatre made his agile puppets move before the eyes of the multitudecrowded on the gradinate, and caused them to speak by producing his ownvoice through those very masks which served his predecessors for tra- gedies.That puppets were a miracle of perfection is attested by Aristotle,or by the person, who under the name of Aristotle, signed the discourse44 De mundo Volume 3, chapter 6, page 376: 44 to make use of so many means and so many instruments in order" that forces, men and all created things may act according to His44 wi11... like those mecanicians do, who produce effects, many and varied,44 from a single engine, or like those puppet showmen, called for that44 reason, '4 Neurospati ", who control and manage the 44 figurine ",44 making them, by the manipulation of wires, to move their heads,44 hands, shoulders, eyes and other members ".&amp; Apuleius, who afterwards translated the 44 trattato De mundo, "amplifying and paraphrasing it in parts, added on his own account thefollowing paragraph44 nothing else to do but pull the string of the member they wish to44 set in motion, and immediately the head bends, the eyes turn, the44 hands lend themselves to any action, and the elegant little person44 moves and acts as though it were alive &amp; This is either a solitary exaggeration allowable in the case of writersin love with their subject, or else the marionettes of the Greek Fotlnowere infinitely superior to ours. To bend the head and move the armsand legs is all right.... our contemporaneous puppets execute admira- bly those imitations of human gesture, but to turn the eyes, and applythe hands to any action not even the most perfect 44 pupazzi " ofLemercier de Neuville can do that, notwithstanding that mechanics ofthe present day have the advantage of so many discoveries and of somany inventions that were entirely unknown in ancient times. penetrated, little by little, into all places where the concourse of muchpeople gave hopes of gain and fruitful representations. There were the" pupazzt " that were unattached, that is to say, not connected withany permanent theatre, but were played in couples by some travellingshowman, who, holding one In each hand, performed with them in openspaces and at street corners; making them act droll little dialogues, orpretend to sing some popular song, with the addition of Jests and ridi- culous contortions. There were the 44 fantoccini " that were strung on athin cord, or thread, drawn across the knees of the operator, who, whileplaying some musical instrument, made certain movements with his legsthat caused the figure to advance or retire, to dance and to move armsand legs in all directions. There were also the little jointed " figurine "with their hinges and springs; these were made to dance on tables, tothe accompaniment of sprightly and explicit songs. And there were thepuppets adapted for scenic action or the performance of a farce, eitherin some portable 44 castelletto or in the vestibules of houses; and,finally, there were the real marionettes, with which a showman, whohad a sufficient number of wooden actors at his command, gave repre=sentations in a little theatre according to rule.&amp; Puppet plays were so popular among the ancient Romans that allthe leading writers make mention of them in their books and draw con»elusions from them. Persius, in one of the best of his satires, (Sat, v, 125)speaks of the precepts of real liberty, that which proceeds from nobilityof mind, from the power of resisting ail passions and of overcomingnecessities ; and thus addresses the weak and vicious man, who thinkshimself free because he is not subject to any master:.....44 art bound by so many chains ? Bitter slavery does not constrain thee,44 it is true; nothing outside of thee can oblige thee to put thy limbs in44 motion like those of puppets; but if, within thee, dominant instincts44 and passions are springing up, what sort of liberty is thine ".The Emperor Marcus Aurelius refers to marionettes in every page ofhis work 44 De se ipso ", a work that is so overflowing with generousthought, with sublime precepts, and with noble aspirations towards the eternal laws of love, justice and humanity.JZ? " Remember,.... he says that It is thy vices that govern thee, as44 wires govern the wooden puppets.... and learn that thou hast within44 thee something that is more sublime and divine than the springs and" cords of pupazzi Death, In withdrawing thy soul from the tyranny44 of thy senses, will put an end to that wretched condition of mario- " nette, in which thou hast been all through thy life ". &amp;jzrßut these are philosophers, learned men and distinguished moralists,who speak as though from a pulpit. Let us hear now what the illiterate,the poor and discredited have to say. Horatius, in the seventh satire ofhis second book, introduces his servant Davus, who, in accordance withancient Roman custom at the festival of Saturn had been released frombondage for twenty four hours, and now comes forward with a bold faceand not only addresses his master in terms of familiarity, but imitateshim in his censure of the vices and weaknesses of his neighbours, andin his exposure of the faults of the nobility, and finally lifts up hisvoice against Horatius himself, wounding him in his most sensitive parts,and attacking both his pride and arrogance. &amp;44 Thou.... Thou art the master ?.... But of what thing or of whom ?.,.•' Events and men prescribe for thee and thou appearest small, very44 small. Three or four times fate would have emancipated thee; and" three or four times, imbecile, thou hast fallen again into miserable" slavery.... Thou actest the master to me, and thou commandest me44 with a r0d.... and to others thou actest the abject servant; and44 thou obeyest like a puppet that is moved by wires in the hands of44 another. "JZ?JZ?J&amp;-Z?^Z?-&gt;Z?-»Z?JZ?Davus had often been to see the puppets and knew how they weremanaged. Therefore in Rome the spectacle of marionettes was a commonamusement in which all could take part, without spending money, oronly spending very little; all the idle who loitered about the streets,slaves, gladiators, labourers, shopkeepers, people of every class, drawnby curiosity and attracted by the sound of the showman's fife ortrumpet. Horatius, who was such a close observer, and so careful to putinto the mouths of his 44 personaggi " the words most adapted to thehabits and character of the individual, would never have attributed to the slave that allusion to marionettes if they had not been sufficientlypopular In Rome to serve as an example, both for the poor Davus andfor his master.Therefore I argue that there were in Rome the marionettes for theupper classes; the burattinl for open spaces, porticos and street cornersas well as those for the theatre. The one suggested epigrams to thebrain of a Davus, and the other inspired the philosophical reflections ofPerslus, of Juvenal, of Aulus and of Marcus Aurelius.&amp; The repertory of puppet theatres In Rome and Athens was com- posed in great part of parodies, of bold imitations of the tragedies mostin vogue, of dialogued satires that drew attention to the vices of theday, the preponderating factions, the most frequented philosophicalschool, sophists, demagogues, poets, magistrates, warriors and those whohad risen to fame and power. The marionettes of Fotlnus did not evenspare the Gods. The " personaggi " were, In reality, not very dissimilarfrom our own ; and the marionette of the Campana Museum, described byMuret, with the bent shoulders, might very well pass for a Pulcinella,if we did not know that it is the true image of Maccus. &amp; 1 cannot understand how, after so many indubitable testimonies, thelearned Magnin does not feel himself authorized in concluding that theRoman burattini had, like those of Greece, full liberty and very frequentopportunities of showing themselves in a theatre ...after the stage hadbeen naturally modified with artificial arrangements so that it mightserve well for the play of the little wooden figures. Certainly on this point and this aspect there presents itself a difficultycommon to the puppets of both Greece and Rome. He who has some littleknowledge of the material disposition of the ancient edifices destined tothe dramatic plays will find it difficult to explain to himself how thelittle figures introduced upon a tiny stage and speaking with the voiceof an individual hidden behind a boarding or a curtain could make them- selves seen and heard in so vast a place to so large a number of spectatorsgathered upon the grades of an immense semicircle. Everyone knows that the flesh and blood actors, the real actors ofAeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides, Plautus, and Terence were obliged torecite upon a kind of stilts with their arms lengthened and their hands enlarged by added pieces and with the head enclosed in a mask whichexaggerated Its proportions, and that at the mouth hole they had a me- tallic voice = carrier to increase and distribute the sounds, thus renderingthem perceptible to the ears of the public. How then was it possible toreconcile this necessity for optical and accoustic enlargement with thediminutive proportions and enfeebled sounds of a scene of puppets ? jZ/Let us begin by deciding that the place assigned for the performance ofthe puppets was not the proscenium, the stage properly so called wherethe actors acted ; but rather the timele, constructed like a terrace at theextreme front limit of the orchestra, at the point nearest to the lowergrades of the amphitheatre. There, as in a kind of pulpet or tribune theshowman, the neurospata, raised his castello ", (prigme tetragono),surmounted by a episcenio, a little house In which were hidden thepersons, (probably children) entrusted with moving with strings thepuppets, these latter assuredly modelled in proportions adapted to thevastness of the place. Under the stage, in the empty space between thesides of the prig ma,stood the orator, perhaps accompanied by others,and declaimed the dialogue or chanted the song, throwing out his voicethrough certain apertures made in the screen on the side towards thegradinate, and furnished with an apparatus, similar to the theatremasks, which sufficiently augmented the sound. Some apertures, conve- niently arranged in the foundation of the stage, and corresponding tothe empty spaces purposely left in the flooring of the upper " casotto "permitted the " gesticulatori " and the " declamatori " to proceed inaccord with each other, to appropriate the action to the word and theword to the action, to exchange the necessary information and the in- dispensible injunctions in a low voice, and simply in their natural tones.spectators of that period were especially eager, this internal dispositionof the prigma rendered easy and most varied the applications of themachinery conceived to produce certain marvellous effects, precisely astoday the flights and transformations of the corographic scenes are ob- tained by means of the scaffoldings fitted beneath the trapdoors of thestage and the cranes installed high up above. jZ? jZ? jZ?&amp; These are but conjectures, I admit, and have the defect of belonging to me alone; ....My explanation has, however, the advantage of respon- ding exactly to that which has been always taught and related in regardto the material and the personnages of the ancient theatre ; of beingsimple, natural and perfectly logical; of resting upon a tradition neverInterrupted down to our own times and common to all peoples amongwhom the " castello " of the puppets has always had, and has, almostthe same form; in Prance as in Italy, in Spain as at Constantinople, atCairo as at Bombay, at Teheran, at Samarcanda, at Nagasaki.In any case I offer it as my own, and everyone knows that I do notpretend to sell it for more than it is worth. &amp; &amp;&amp; And now let us hasten on to other investigations no less interesting.The repertory of the puppet theatre, at Rome and Athens, was asalready said, composed in great part of parodies, of audacious imitations, ofthe tragedies most in vogue, of satirical dialogues which were aimedagainst the fashionable vice, the preponderating faction, the most fre- quented philosophical school, the sophists, the demagogues, the poets,the magistrates, the soldiers, and those who had leapt to fame or risento power. The marionettes of the Greek Potino did not even spare theGods, and might count today among the ancestors of the modernffreethinkers. The personnages were not, really, much different from ours,and the marionette of the Campana museum, with the bent shouldersand prominent paunch, would pass for a real true Pulcinella if one didnot know that it is the true image of ** Maccus ". The " Citeria " and" Petreia " are as like Columbina and Rosaura as two peas, and the old" Manducus " who ground his teeth and threatened to " mangiar vivovivo ", that is, to eat alive, his terrified interlocutor, is no other thanour Rogantino, at whose terrible tirades the children of today trembleon the knees of their nurses as did the children of the time of JuvenalIn their mother's arms.^" In gremio matris formidat rusticus infans ".Other, as one might say, necessary, personnages of the " castello "of the Roman puppets were " Pappus ", '* Buccus " and " Casnar ", typesof the parasite, the glutton, and the fool; who afterwards remained asmodels of the species, and passed on as they were, with but few modi- fications, to the Atellanian stage, where they created that farce, almo st always improvised, and more obscene than frank In word and gesture,of which such frequent mention is met with in the histories of dramaticliterature among all the peoples of the world. &amp;&amp; It is well known that the repertory of the burattini was very moral...in intention, because it was intended to inveigh against vice, to hold upcharlatans to public scorn, to vindicate the weak from the tyranny ofthe strong... but the forms, words and gestures, that were adopted tocarry out that very excellent and praise-worthy intention, were oftenexpressed with extreme licence. But it should be remembered that thea- trical marionettes were bound by the ties of legitimate descent to thereligious marionettes ; and that the first dialogues, the first discourses,the first scenic fables, proceeded in a direct line from the spectacles ofthe sacred festivals of Bacchus. Now everyone knows that the characterof those feasts, and of many others belonging to heathen liturgy, was notdistinguished for exemplary modesty.Among the " personaggi " of the puppet theatre, there figured, fora long period, the protagonists, real and imaginary, of the Bacchanaliansand Lupercalians ; fauns, satyrs, deities of Priapus, monstrously deve- loped, all figures, to whose debased members the " catenatlo mobilis "added a singular unrest and vivacity.&amp; We should also bear in mind that the customs of those times per- mitted many things, that to us would seem to be audacious andimproper, but which, in those days, passed as pleasantries, jests andimages, that were pardonable, according to the quality of the person, orthe circumstances of the time and place; and which did not preventeven the most distinguished minds from deriving from marionette playsthe best of precepts, the most elevated thoughts and the brightestexamples.Listen to the words of Plato, the severe Plato, as, with a puppetin his hand, he is addressing his disciples on the science of rightlyliving and rightly dying:.... " Let us imagine, my friends, that we are," each one of us, an animated figure, that has issued from the office of*' the Gods... The passions that move us are like so many strings, drawing" us this or that way; opposite motions draw us in opposite directions." Thus we have the difference between vice and virtue. Good sense " teaches us that we must obey only one of these strings, following its" impulse with meekness and pertinaceously rejecting ail the others," That one string is the golden cord of .reason and of law. The others" are of iron and are inflexible. That one alone lends itself to all motions" because it is of gold ; that one alone has a constant form, while the" others assume all configurations. All the strings should be submissiveto that single one of law, because reason, excellent in itself, would be" weak if the law did not strengthen the composition of the thread of" gold, which is destined to govern all the others. " &amp; &amp; PUPPETS IN THE MIDDLE AGES. his will be a scanty chapter, but, to make up for it, I willdo my very best not to be also tedious. &amp; In writing, whether ill or well, anything which pre- tends to resemble a history one must resign oneself tofollow scrupulously the chronological order, and it is not possible to skip a period which comprises a thousand years and includesin itself all the phenomena of the destruction of the old world, and allthe elements of the modification of the modern world. &amp;&amp; Notwithstanding the immense number of literary and scientific worksthat have been published, chiefly In the first half of our century, thehistory of the Middle Ages is still full of obscurity and confusion. &amp; It is natural that It should be so. Between the universal, destruc- tion, political, civil and religious, of the old order, and the introduction,in the face of endless difficulties, always overcome and yet alwaysrepeated, of the new, there was a long period of general transformation,sometimes pacific, more often violent, sometimes Interrupted and againfiercely renewed, various in form, method and development. That periodwhich comprises the overthrow and dissolution of the mighty RomanEmpire, the victory of Christianity over idolatry, the invasion, by bar- barous nations, of Western Europe, oppression, slavery, civil war, feuda- lism, the Crusades and antagonism between Church and State, and lastlythe Insurrection of the Italian people, from which was, later on, to arisethe first cry for liberty, and the first ideas of national independence. &amp; It is a period of darkness, broken, now and then, by a ray of lightthat enables us to obtain an occasional glimpse of a few only of the epi- sodes of that cruel and inhuman struggle, in which the power of rightwas ultimately to triumph over the right of power. JZ7 JZ? JZ/There is no record of the part that puppets played in that terribleand sanguinary drama. If we are not to lose all trace of our poor littlewooden 44 figurine ", we must be content to glean some phrase, hereand there; to gather, as best we may, some slight indication ; to collect,with jealous care, some notice, picked up in a hundred books, and inthousands of documents, scattered and heaped away without order innumberless Libraries. &amp; JZ? JZ?And yet some parts in that drama must, undoubtedly, have been takenby marionettes. It is sufficient, in proof of it, to point to the livelyinterest, which was manifested, during the last part of the decadence ofRoman " Civiita ", by the Neophytes of the Christian religion for thatinfantile and popular spectacle. There was one advantage that puppetsinvariably possessed ; the fathers of the Church had always a very tenderregard for them, and they never made any secret of it. Their reprimands,imprecations and anathemas were all directed against living actors; formarionettes, they had nothing but caresses, compliments and honiedphrases, full of benevolence and affection. St Clement of Alexandria,Tertulllan and Synesius often make mention of marionette theatres,and always with kindness, drawing from them many examples and moralreflections. &amp; 4? &amp; &amp; At the beginning of the Middle Age, when the struggle between hea- thenism and faith in the Gospel was at its highest point, puppets of thetheatre, like their brethren of the church, were obliged to cast themselvesamong the ruins of the temples. Hatred of pagan anthropomorphism hadaroused a feeling of furious antipathy towards all miracles of plastic andmechanical art. Statues and images were destroyed by the demolishinghammers of iconoclasts; automata of the 44 arte dedalica " were torn topieces and the many intricate parts of their delicate internal organismwere scattered everywhere, so that, amidst the insane fury of that blindfanaticism, the broken and mutilated bodies of more than one "Mandu- co ", of more than one 44 Maccus " and of more than one 44 Petreia " were mingled with the marble fragments of an " Apollo of a " Vulcan " ora " VenusJ£? &amp; JZ? &amp; &amp;&amp; It was not long, however, before Christianity began to realise theadvantages that might be gained for the new beliefs and new aspirationsby the adoption of real representation in place of abstract symbols andformulas. A school of thought that was gifted with broader principles,and inspired with more eclectic doctrines, maintained that it was right,and even praiseworthy, to employ in the service of God all the powersof human skill, and to use them as efficacious means of propaganda,and as mediums wherewith to act upon the imaginations and senses ofthe multitude and to elevate, little by little, the most obtuse intelli- gences to the knowledge of sacred mysteries and the supreme truth offaith. Arnobius, Tertullianus, Origen and Abelard were opposed to theemployment of paintings and sculpture, but St. Ambrose, St. Damasus,St. Gregory the Great, and, in the end, St. Thomas defended the appli- cation of works of art to religious purposes.... and they won the battle.&amp; The figure of Jesus Christ, represented hitherto in the form of a lamb,now assumed the human aspect; the Cross, adorned up to that'time withflowers and crowns of thorns only, had the head of the Redeemer paintedupon it, and, soon afterwards the bust and, still later the whole body,no longer merely painted, but carved in relief and nailed upon thewood with real nails. And as in this world everything repeats itself andhuman life is nothing more than a succession of recurring events, so, ina relatively short space of time, Christian clergy began to have recourseto the artifices and practices of the augurs and pagan priests and churcheswere filled with carved images in ivory, marble, bronze, wood and terracotta; statues of the Eternal Father, of Christ, of the Virgin and of theSaints, who, by means of Internal mechanism, moved head, arms and eyes.jgt The secret of these sympathies is explained In two words: The hatred oftheatrical spectacles sprang more especially from the too great danger tothe souls of the faithful which might arise from that bare-faced nudity,that coquettry full of lasciviousness, those carresses, those kisses, thoseembraces, rendered yet more exciting by the shameless promiscuity ofthe two sexes on the stage; those voluptuous gestures, those obscenedances and those languid and provocative glances which those low-necked and short-skirted actresses cast at the spectators, There was nothing ofall that In the Puppet performances, which might sometimes arouselaughter but never lust; stir interest but never fire the passions. O" the puppet stage no one could be said to infringe the precept ofDeuteronomy, "The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth untoa man neither shall a man put on a woman's garments ; for all thatdo so are abomination unto the Lord thy Qod &amp;Nor would St Basil have been able to call the " castello " of the pup- pets " a general and public school where one learns every form of licen- tiousness nor would St Cyprian have called the marionette theatre " abrothel of public shame, a seat of obscenitynor would other HolyFathers have reproved the licentiousness of the coreographic performancesand the shameless licence of the gestures of the actors. &amp;It Is in fact the opinion of the gravest treatise-writers that thepassages of St Thomas, St Bonaventura and St Antonino which are lesshostile to the stage plays, actually refer to the Puppets, as those whichbest fulfil the mission of diverting without danger, and of offering topious souls an innocent recreation. They even think that the histrion,companion of St. Pancrazio in the glory of Paradise, cited by St Thomas,was really a bura.ttina.io, one of those who wander round playing thepiffero and making puppets, threaded through with a string, dance.Thus it appears that during the Middle Ages the new religion, likethe old, availed itself of " scultura meccanica " in the pomp of itsliturgy, in its processional ceremonies and in its representation of theMysteries. To the Apollo of Heliopolls had succeeded the Crucifix ofNicodemis ; to the Theban Venus the Madonna of Orihuela. 1 said " in the pomp of its liturgy " and in support of my words Iproduce the testimony of Lombard, an old and truthful writer in thecounty of Kent, who affirms the existence of a mechanical crucified bodyin a church at Boxley, that, during the sacred service, moved its eyesand head by the action of secret springs.... and I quote also the accountof Maundrell, Chaplain to the English Factory of Aleppo, who on a visitto the holy places in 1697, saw the monks of the Church of the HolySepulchre, represent on Mount Calvary, " according to a custom thathad been followed from time immemorial " the episode of the crucifixion, using for the purpose a figure of the Saviour that was " quite flexibleas though it had been of real flesh, and articulated in such away thatit could assume any attitude almost like a natural corpse And 1 added44 in processional ceremonies " because 1 remember the legend relatingto the 44 Volto Santo" of Lucca, which on being carried processionallyfrom the Cathedral through the streets of the city, raised its hand inbenediction of the people who were thronging its way.£? As to the representation of the Mysteries, onejnight multiply examplesand citations by hundreds. It was the custom, common to all churchesand -to all mediaeval monasteries, in the most solemn festivals and inthe most sacred commemorations of the year, 'to erect great woodenstages in their naves and chapels, and to cover them with carpets,arras and painted scenes; sometimes they were decorated with evergreenor with cork-wood, or again with moss-covered stones, in imitation ofhills, valleys and pathways, or in other ways adapted to the representa- tion of some of the most dramatic episodes of the Passion of Our Lord,or in the life of the Virgin and Saints.^&amp; The 44 personaggi " necessary for that kind of exhibition, were eitherlarge or small 44 fantocci " according to circumstances; they were carvedand coloured to life, and were richly clothed, and sometimes coveredwith gold and jewels; they were also so adapted with springs and in- ternal mechanism, that ail their limbs could be made to move by theaction of strings and levers and thus to suit their movements to theparticular scene or event that it was desired to display. &amp; These figures, which during the festival had excited the admiration,and stimulated the devotion of the faithful, were then placed upon thealtar; this happened in the case of a figure of the Madonna di Orihuelain Spain, where the abuse was carried so far that in the holy Synod ofOriolana in the year 1600 a prohibitive order was issued against whatwas described as a wicked and shameful act. That, in that instance, theywere real puppets, called in the Spanish language 44 titeres ", is madeclear by another paragraph in the Sinod's order, which reads:.... 44 We*condemn and reprove and desire the perpetual prohibition of the practiseof representing in church or elsewhere, the actions of Christ or of theblessed Virgin or saints by means of moving figures connected with wires and mechanical wheels, such as are commonly described by the name of44 tlteres".But prohibitions and canons are hardly ever sufficient to eradicatean inveterate habit. Religious puppets made a pretence of submissionand obedience to the synodal decree, but after a short interval they re- appeared in the sanctuaries and assumed again their former liberty, andto such an extent, that in all churches, and especially in those in countryplaces, it became the prevalent custom to represent 44 Presepii " duringChristmas time and 41 Calvarii " in the Passion week, a custom that has*continued even up to our own days.At Torre del Greco, not far from Naples, and not so many years ago,I, myself, saw the Cathedral of that industrious and populous city com- pletely transformed by wooden structures, erected in imitation of a hill,the summit of which was reached by broad paths through projectingrocks. The walls of the church were hidden by scenes that were admi- rably painted in prospective, and by branches and evergreens, coveredwith white cotton flock to simulate snow. All around among the rocksand stones, that were covered with moss and creeping plants, there weredeep valleys and gorges, and, here and there, cottages, huts and windmills,all made in proportion and peopled with a myriad of figures dressed inreal cloth ; peasants and country people taking their flocks to pasture,animals of all kinds roaming about the hill sides, soldiers and signoriof all lands, some on foot, others on horses, and all dressed in accor- dance with national habit. Moreover, in places, were shops of every kind,fully opened and provided with all necessaries. At the top of the hillwas the 44 Presepio " with movable figures, that were controlled andguided by expert operators, concealed behind the scenery, and crowdsof people ascended each day, threading their way slowly, and finally atthe end of their journey kneeling praying and weeping before the Beth- lehem Manger that was illuminated with a great light. &amp;We are in the nineteenth century and we pride ourselves on beingunprejudiced people, experienced, indifferent, free thinkers, atheists*rationalists, naturalists, unbelievers. Xs? jjgZvThink what must have happened in the Middle Ages, In the days offierce fanaticisms, of asceticism, of burning controversy, of frequent con- version and of daily miracles, The Council of Trent tried to put a stopto the abuse of religious marionettes, but puppets rebelled against theholy Synod leaving religion for satire and the church for the theatre,wherefore they were accused of magic and witchcraft, and were tortured,burnt, beheaded and buried "alive " and in the fourteenth century wefind them in Venice, piaying the principal part in the festival of theMaries.Chronicles of the tenth century tell us that in the year twelvebeautiful Venetian maidens, richly clothed and covered with jewels, wentforth from their homes in procession in order to complete the religiousceremony of their marriage with an equal number of young men at thechurch of " Santa Maria deila Salute" on the Marina, when, suddenly ahorde of Barbary pirates, coming from Trieste in swift sailing ships, de- scended on shore and attacked the crowd that was following the proces- sion and, profiting by the confusion and terror that arose, took possessionof the maidens and carried them away. But as soon as the first momentof alarm had passed, the hardy youth of the country rose up and rushedto arms, following the pirates, rescuing the brides and avenging withblood the dishonour that had been done. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; From that day it has been the custom to celebrate in Venice everyyear on the same date the festival of the Maries by a procession, lasting aweek, of twelve young girls, selected for their beauty and conduct, anddressed with great luxury at the expense of the State, and who were thenmarried to twelve young men and provided with dowries supplied by thepublic treasury. The expense was enormous, and the selection of themaidens was not only difficult, but proved to be a source of trouble,quarrel, and dissension. Wherefore it came to pass that little by littlethe custom was modified, and in place of living girls, an equal numberof mechanical figures were substituted ; (i) and these were dressed oncefor ail and were brought out every year on the day of commemorationfrom the storehouses of the " SignoriaWe shall see later, when we return to the subject, what influence this Venetian festival had in thedestiny of Italian " JS?&amp; In the meantime let it be clear that, driven from churches and convents,where, every now and then they contrived to reintroduce themselves,more or less publicly, our articulated 44 fantoccini " established them »selves in open spaces, adjoining cathedrals and abbeys, whenever anygreat religious service was being carried out, and in markets and Fairs,setting up their booths, disposing their scenes and increasing the numberof their performances, which., at least., were based upon episodes of holyscripture, incidents from the old and new Testament, legends of miraclesgand of punishment and conversion of notable evil-doers. * £/Thus sprang up the theatres of Puppets. In that way began the" Mysteries ", which in subsequent increased proportion,, perfected andsupplied with every kind of mechanism and " effetti speitacolosi " fur- nished arguments and material for the first roving dramatic campanies ;thus also began the " farse " dialogued first for two puppets, then actedby several " fantoccini " dressed in a particular way, and speaking eachone in his native dialect... a type and model of the " maschere " thatmade the fortune of the Italian theatre.But we must leave the Middle Ages and turn a little to the puppetsof modern times, following them in Italy, in France, in England, in Spainand in Germany, showing them as consolers of the life of Charles V. atthe monastery of St. Just, through the management of the celebratedGianello Torriani, the modern Archimedes; as infusing life in the Frondaat the Porta di Nesle in Paris with the famous Brioche, as companionsof Scarron and Achille Du Harlay, as founders of Vaudeville and of theOpera comique, as first enemies and then friends of Voltaire, who receivedthem in his castle at Cirey ; as first adversaries and then allies of Pironand Lesage, who wrote their comedies and dramas both in verse andprose ; as praised by La Fontaine and Malezieux and protected by theDuke de Chartres; as guests of the Duchess de Maine at Sceaux, of theDuke de Bourbon at Tresmes and the Duchess de Berry at Versailles.It is something to see puppets taking their part in the great revolution4and to witness the decapitation of Pulcinella on the same spot and atthe same moment as King Louis XVI and the Queen Marie Antoinette. &amp; It will not be time wasted to go with the marionettes to Meudcn toVthe Duke of Guise's, to Saint Germain to the palace of the greatLouis XIV, and to penetrate into the aula of the Academie frangaise to- gether with Arlecchino! &amp; &amp;We shall also see puppets In England taking part In politics, in Spainmixing themselves with matters of religion, in Germany fighting on theside of Luther and giving life to the heroes of the " Edda " and thewarriors of Nlehelungen, to the " canzoni " of the time of the Carlovin- gians and to the great epic of Eaust. We shall see Corneille and Moli&amp;rerepresented by marionettes; we shall see the list [of writers for puppettheatres enriched by thfe most illustrious names: Malezieux, Lesage,Piron, Favart, Fielding, Voltaire, Shakespeare, Rousseau, Curran, Goethe,Beranger, Ch. Nodier, George Sand... and we shall see Haydyn, the greatHaydyn, engaged at the Court of Weimar in composing for the mario- nettes of prince Antonio Esterhazy, five operette, which the great masterdid not in his later life regard as unworthy of his fame or his genius,but of which, on the contrary, he transcribed the titles and dates in thecatalogue of his complete works, with his own hand. Finally we shallsee that the history of puppets, so modest and so simple in appearanceis bound up in a hundred ways with the most arduous questions andthe most important events in the history of humanity. To be continued. NO T E S.(i) Iliad. XVIII 369-377. NOTES.(i) Deipnosophist, book, 5, p. 199. NO T E S.(i) Book XL chap. 59* NO T E S.(i) Book 11. chap. 78. NOTES.(i) Manners and Customs of the ancient Egyptians. Vol. II p. 410.(a) Revue Archeologique. Vol. II p. 742. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(a) Alas, unhappy we S Man is a phantom, a nothing... Quickly falls andis lost the fresh green of our life. Thus shall we all be when the im=placable Oreo shall seize us. Let us live, then,1 let us live so long aswe can be merry here. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i) Let us drink, for soon we die ; nor do the vines of Falerno grow alongthe gloomy bank of the lakes of Avernus. There no more shall our lipspress upon the amorous mouth of a beloved maiden. Let us 10ve... thereawaits us, after death; ....nothingness !.... &amp; &amp; &amp; NOTES AND TRA (i) Do not distress thyself, Leuconoe, to investigate what end the Godsprepare for thee or me... Do not take the trouble of consulting the ora- cles of Babylon. Oh how much better is it to resign oneself to any orevery event! May Jove yet concede to us many winters, and may heassign to us as the last that which now pushes and causes to break on theopposite shores the waves of the Thyrenean sea; be wise, mix the wine,and shut in a brief space a long hope. While we speak the envious timeis flying. Rejoice In today,... and believe little in tomorrow !... &amp; NO T E S.(i) Boldettt: " Osservazioni sopra ! Cimiteri dei Santi Martiri ©d antichlcristiani dl Roma book II chap. XIV page 496 and following. NOTES.(i) How much will be simplified when the same substitution takes placeupon the stage! J. S. EARLY ENGLISH PUPPET SHOWS:An Extract from the "A Mysteries" of William Hon. 1823. Hphe Tatler of May 14, 1709, cites a letter from Bath, describing therivalry of Prudentia and Florimel, two ladies at that watering place.Florimel bespoke the play of Alexander the Great, to be acted by thecompany of strollers on Thursday evening, and the letter-writer acceptedthe lady's invitation to be of her party ; but he says, •' Prudentia hadcounter-plotted us, and had bespoke on the same evening, the poppet- show of the Creation of the World. She had engaged every body tobe there ; and to turn our leader into ridicule, had secretly let themknow that the poppet Eve was made the most like Florimel that everwas seen. On Thursday morning the poppet drummer, Adam and Eve,and several others that lived before the flood, passed through the streetson horseback to invite us all to the pastime, and the representation ofsuch things as we all know to be true ; and Mr. Mayor was so wise asto prefer these innocent people, the poppets, who he said were to re- present Christians, before the wicked players who were to show Alexanderan heathen philosopher. When we came to Noah's Flood in the show,Punch and his wife were introduced dancing in the ark. Old Mrs. Pe- tulant desires both her daughters to mind the moral; then whisperedto Mrs. Mayoress, •* This is very proper for young people to see". Punchat the end of the play made Madam Prudentia a bow, and was very civilto the whole company, making bows till his buttons touched the ground".Sir Richard Steele in the Spectator of March 16th, 1711, Intimates thatPowell, the puppet-show man exhibited religious subjects with his pup- pets, under the little piazza in Covent Garden; and talks of ** his nextopera of Susannah, or Innocence betrayed, which will be exhibited nextweek with a pair of new Elders. &amp; &amp;Strutt quotes a puppet-showman's bill, in the reign of Anne; at theBritish Museum, which announces scriptural subjects as follows: " AtCrawley's Booth, over against the Crown Tavern, in Smithfield, duringthe time of Bartholomew Fair, will be presented a little opera, calledthe Old Creation of the World, yet newly revived ; with the additionof Noah's Flood; also several fountains playing water during the time of the play. The last scene does present Noah and his family coming outof the ark, with all the beasts two by two, and all the fowls of the airseen in a prospect sitting upon trees ; likewise over the ark is seen thesun rising in a glorious manner; moreover a multitude of angels willbe seen in a double rank, which presents a double prospect, one for thesun the other for a palace, where will be seen six angels ringing ofbells. Likewise machines descend from above, double and treble, withDives rising out of hell, and Lazarus seen in Abraham's bosom,besides several figures dancing jiggs, sarabands, and country dances, tothe admiration of the spectators ; with the merry conceits ot SquirePunch, and Sir John SpendallPerhaps the adventures of Punch in the common puppet-show, gaverise to dramatic performances of greater celebrity. Punch always comesup gay, heedless, and very well satisfied with himself. He is [a sensual,dissolute, hardened character, who beats his wife and child, has a tho- rough contempt for moral reputation, disregards the advice of the priest,knocks him down, dances with his female associates, is a little frightenedby a spectre, becomes as bad as ever, does not fear the devil, fights withhim, is conquered, and finally carried off to hell. The adventures ofDon Juan, or the Libertine Destroyed, of the theatres, and the DonGiovanni of the Italian opera, seem but an amplified representation ofthe adventures of Punch, the libertine destroyed, in the puppet-showof the streets.The English puppet-show was formerly called a motion. Shakespearementions the performance of Mysteries by puppets; his Autolycus fre- quented wakes, fairs, and bear-baitings, and " compassed a motion ofthe Prodigal Son ". On a Twelfth night, in 1818, a man, making theusual Christmas cry, of " Gallantee show, " was called in to exhibithis performances for the amusement of my young folks and their com- panions. Most unexpectedly, he " compassed a motion of the ProdigalSon "by dancing his transparencies between the magnifying glass andcandle of a magic lanthorn, the coloured figures greatly enlarged werereflected on a sheet spread against the wall of a darkened room. Theprodigal son was represented carousing with his companions at theSwan Inn, at Stratford; while the landlady in the bar, on every fresh call was seen to score double. There was also Noah's Ark, with 44Pu1lDevil, Pull Baker," or the just judgment upon a baker, who sold breadshort of weight, and was carried to hell in his own basket. The readerwill bear in mind, that this was not a motion in the dramatic sense ofthe word, but a puppet-//7re exhibition of a Mystery, with discrepanciesof the same character as those which peculiarized the Mysteries of fivecenturies ago. The Gallantee-showman narrated with astonishing gravitythe incidents of every fresh scene, while his companion in the room playedcountry-dances and other tunes on the street organ, during the whole ofthe performance. The manager informed me that his show had been thesame during many years, and, in truth, it was unvariable ; for his entireproperty consisted of but this one set of glasses, and his magic lanthorn.1 failed in an endeavour to make him comprehend that its proprietycould be doubted of; it was the first time that he had heard of thepossibility of objection to an entertainment which his audience witnessedevery night with uncommon and unbounded applause. Expressing a hopethat 1 would command his company at a future time, he put his cardinto my hand, inscribed, 44 The Royal Gallantee Show, provided by Jos.Leverge, 7, Ely Court, Holborn Hill;" the very spot whereon the lasttheatrical representation of a Mystery, the play of Christ's passion, isrecorded to have been witnessed in England, THE "SOCIETY OF THE MARIONETTE". J. S. e intend to form a Society of the Marionette. Mr GordonCraig has consented to act as President of the We are In no great hurry, but shall be pleased tohear from any one who is Interested in our project. Some where in England we shall hope to establish a little home for the Marionette and to this end shall be glad to hear from anyonein England who is ready to offer practical assistance of one kind oranother.&amp; Concerning this we do not as yet Invite suggestions as to performan- ces, for the first thing to be decided is that the performances can be given.AH we need is Just the names and addresses of those of you who areinterested, and two lines saying what you will do. In fact, you press thebutton: we do the rest, (i) JS? £?&amp; Meantime letters announcing the intended formation of the Societyare being sent to some of the leading members of the Marionette Thea- tre here in Italy, where, especially in the South, the influence of theMarionette is very strong. JZ? JZ?The following is addressed to Don Gregorio Qrasso, (brother of thegreat Sicilian actor, Giovanni Grasso), who directs a puppet theatre, de- scended to him from his grandfather, in Catania. JZ? To Don Gregorio Grasso. Dear Sir,you be an honorary member of a Society of Marionettes?&amp; The idea of the Society is to arrange that as many performancesas possible may be seen by as many people as possible... The Marionette can never die and we do not Intend to be guilty of theimpertinence of believing that we can add to the centuries that are be- fore him. All those that love the Marionette know that he is immortal.All we desire to do Is to let his influence drift northwards. To this end we shall not stir ourselves energetically, knowing howforeign such exaggerated .activities are to his whole nature. We shall not make centres nor reclame concerning him, but hereand there, now and then, a word or two will be spoken, and possiblyfurnished appartments can be found for him In some of the cities thathe has not frequented of late. &amp;For instance in Florence there is the Arena Goldonl entirely at thedisposition of the marionettes, and if there Is anyone who is acting ascicerone for these little creatures who cares to bring them to the ArenaGoldoni to perform for the rich and the poor, the place shall be at theirdisposal. (i) Letters sbotald be addressed to 44 Tfoe Secretary o! the Society of the Marionette, Arena Ooldoai, Florence,Italy THE GAME OF MARIONETTES; Letters to aFriend from Gordon Craig. Gordon Craig. Plans for a Marionette Theatre. LETTER ONE, f you wish to write dramas write them for marionettes.But you must first study the marionettes. If you do soyou will find they are more interesting than men orthe ants.The best way to study them is to prepare a smallhouse for them and then to find some Italian or Frenchmarionettes and have a good look at them when housedand comfortable.Take a little trouble for them and they will proveas grateful as the fairies. Do not forget that at night time when the fairies enter the houses of the wise or the sweet theyalways look for partners with whom to dance and nothing pleases themmore than to find some well dressed marionettes at home.The bodies of Italian or French marionettes are very cheap. You buya little one in Florence for one soldo (a halfpenny); a larger and betterdressed one for two soldi. All over the world the price is about the same. A king's body, a general's, a priest's, and a monk's for a halfpenny,a Harlequin, a Pierrot, a Pantaieone, a Stenterello for a penny. TheFlorentine Stenterello is a very well made marionette ; you can buy themin a little shop in the Via Romana between the two turnings Via delCampuccio and Via S. Maria. &amp;The best way to make a house for a marionette is to make it ratherlike a theatre. Take a kitchen table, of smooth white wood, and on iterect a simple frame work. Herd is a design to show you the shape ofthe frame work. Let the table be 8 ft long and 2 ft broad and as smodthand white as you like.&amp; You'll probably have to get a carpenter to make this table.&amp; Let your frame-work be made of pine-wood which is two inches squarein thickness when planed and ready to use. Fix it firmly into positionas indicated in figure A. And how to do this you know as well as I do.If you don't, consult a carpenter at 8d per hour. &amp;&amp; When this frame-work is in position add to it a proscenium of pinewood or three-ply over which you paste or glue a covering of tightlystretched holland of a good coarse grain. Let the holland be undyed.Fix this proscenium tightly to the front of your stage screwing it fromthe back.Around the proscenium arch you can add what is called a u return ".Let this "return" be three inches broad, (figure C). Again consult yourcarpenter. Behind this you suspend a pair of sliding curtains of the samecolour as the proscenium. JZ?When you have done all that 1 tell you, suspend your marionettessomehow or other so that they rest .their feet on the stage. Then goto bed. •• • • In the morning have a look at them. Don't weary yourself by payingthem any morning compliments; they don't understand a word of En- glish ; and don't get it into your head that they want to be giggled upand down ; they don't appreciate much movement. Take my advice andlet them rest; avoid if possible telling them to go and hang themselves.In short, waste your time but not your energy with them and see whathappens.&amp; As for scenery and plays and what to do, put it all off till tomorrow or the day after if possible. These things make themselves If you won'tworry them too much ; all you have to do is to wait and do as the ma- rionettes tell you. Remember they are a Race, an immortal Race, so tryand hear what they are telling you; open your eyes and you'll hear. LETTER TWO. June 11, 1910. I have received your letter with plans and drawings of your carpenter'sattempt to make the stage. There seems nothing wrong about it,...0n1ya few measurements, and you seem to think of making the back of yourstage solid wood. It is best only a framework because you will need spacefor your hands and your head sometimes if you use fingers and mouthwith which to hold the strings of your marionettes,.... presuming thatyou suspend the figures; for, as you probably know, the Javanese holdtheir figures on a long thin stick beneath the stage ground line. I'llsend you some details of these fellows one day later on.Your figures should be about six inches high for out=of=do"br scenes;for Indoor scenes, Palaces, let the figure be six inches and for Cottagestwelve inches or a little more. Man is always really greater or smaller;things don't change, but let man change even as he changes in thereal world. &amp;Always make your man before you make your surrounding in spiteof the book of Genesis, and clothe him with care. The feather in a man'scap can sometimes exceed the stature of the man. (see page 250).&amp; As a general Rule remember to avoid nearly all our modern theatricaleffects. Therefore at the beginning do all you can to avoid making yourstage modern in shape and idea.&amp; You see that here we have not as yet avoided the old picture-frameproscenium. Think out something different. 1 only gave it to you to tryyour teeth upon,... especially your wisdom tooth.&amp;In considering the sense of the proscenium remember that betweenspectator and performer there must be a Barrier and a Path .*... the aimis to divide yet unite; to repel while attracting, n'est ce pas? Then what is the kind of thing to be placed there twixt me and you..?The old proscenium won't do in the end. Still, make it, as I say, for present use and destroy It after you've discovered a subtler barrier witha subtler pathway through it. £? £? £? £?This Is not intended to puzzle you, but it is exactly one of thoselesser problems of the Theatre which no one takes the trouble toconsider: they think It is solved:... It Is not. Let me hear some day ifyou come across a solution while watching the moths In the eveningattempting to enjoy the pleasures of the Lamp. Shewing the manner in which the Guignel Is manipulated. If you possess anatural aptitude you may possibly with some years hard work learn to managethese figures with facility.The Guignol, although o! a later and rather more comman species, is still amarionette, and direct descendant o? the great and ancient race. A NOTE ON EASTERN PUPPETS by Sir William Ouseley. 1823. the evening of the 24th, Major Christie invited me, with some otherfriends, to partake of an entertainment at his quarters. He firstgratified us by an exhibition of seven or eight pahlawans or wrestlers.To this buffoonery succeeded a puppet-show.&amp; One man having unfolded a sheet or curtain of greenish linen, andfixed it on a wooden frame about 3 feet long, established his littletheatre in two minutes, and seated himself inside, where he managedthe puppets and was concealed from our view; whilst another, standingclose to' the frame outside, conversed with the principal personages, andserved to explain the story. jsfPahlawan, "the illustrious hero or warrior" (In England called Punch),happening to look out of his door or window, beholds a young lady andimmediately becomes enamoured ; but his friend (the man sitting outside)informs him that he must not cherish a passion which would certainlyprove hopeless, or perhaps cause his destruction, this fair damsel beingsister to several ferocious dives, or monstrous giants.Pahlawan sighs and whines in a most ridiculous manner; one brotherthen appears, a very formidable figure, with a hideous face and two longhorns. The lover betrays some symptom of fear; but at last attacks thediv, and after many loud collisions of wooden skulls and fists, he con- quers and kills the giant, and hangs his carcase head down-wards overthe stage, in front. JS &amp; &amp;&amp; Another of this frightful race, a yellow div, next encounters Pahlawan,and falls in a deadly combat; a red, a white, a black, and a speckledbrother, one also having the head of dog, and another with a single butimmense horn, successively fight the lover, are all slain, and hung in arow with the first monster. The mother t00... an old sorceress or witch,having a black face and white hair shares the fate of her sons.Pahlawan immediately resolves to carry off his mistress and enjoy thefruits of his victory ; but the discreet monitor advises him to marry theyoung lady with due forms and ceremonies.A Mula or priest, a Kazi or magistrate, a lawyer, and others attend ;a bargain for the dowry is regularly made; then follows the arusi or nuptial procession, in which a man displays fire-works on his head, andseveral dancing girls and musicians appear; at length Pahlawan is in- troduced to his lovely bride, and expresses the force of his amorouspassion by gesticulations more intelligible than delicate; although out ofrespect to the English gentlemen present (or, as I believe, in consequenceof a hint from Major Christie), much of the Indecency was suppressed,which generally renders this concluding scene the chief delight of Turksand Persians. &amp;&amp;£?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; We heard that ladies of high rank condescend to smile at the exhibi- tion of this puppet show, with which their husbands sometimes treatthem, and that on these occasions no part of the original performance isomitted. Both of this entertainment and of the farce which preceded, thedialogues were constructed in Turko or Turkish, as spoken by the wan- dering tribes and lower classes of people inhabiting the northern provin- ces of Persia.&amp; My imperfect knowledge of this dialect rendered me incapable ofthoroughly comprehending the many passages which excited bursts oflaughter among the crowd ; but they were evidently replete with humouras 1 could judge even from an explanation of them in Persian. The managers of these shows, and the musicians who attended them,were said to be mostly of the Karachi (or Gypsy) tribe already mentioned.Pahlawan, 1 must here remark, squeaked in exactly the same kind offeigned voice as Punch in our common English puppet-shows. " Travels in Various Countries ofthe East; more particularly Persia". UNTIL TODAY THE ARTIST; A Lost Incidentin the Book called Genesis by Ivan Ivanowitch. n the olden days.... when down in Eden Bower theserpent destroyed the happiness of man and woman, God,though seeming to leave these two droll beings to theirfate like an angry father, melted into tears as he fled backto heaven through the evening. And one of the tears of God was full of the sap of bitterness and joyand as it felt to earth it became living and took a human form. It resem- bled a man though Its essence was the essence of God. And from thattime until now this being, welling up from the very heart of God yetmade in the likeness of man, was through its supreme knowledge ofbitterness and Joy so filled with tender compasslo'n for man that he partlyundid the evil work of the serpent. And whenever man and womantrembled with a great fear at the horrible visions which appeared tothem through their desire for knowledge, he eased their hearts by thenand there revealing to them some lovely vision.And he created that which we call Music, Poetry, Painting and Archi- tecture and these were created out of the fulness of his pity for manand woman.... And he was the first Artist. &amp;He had and still has something eternal in him, and he suffers moreand is more happy than all others, for he feels more and thereforemore than other men. And his special happiness is to tell'of what he hasseen in a beautiful way. And when he first came amongst men he waswelcomed by many, and some of these he took apart and whispered to them the secret of his birth..., and he taught these few how to captureugly sounds and turn them into beauty and how to look at horriblesights and reflect beautiful pictures... and how to hear ugly words andcrush them till beautiful cries issued from them. And: man was easedfrom the overwhelming burden of his remorse and felt delight in theseworks... without understanding them... and they called them Works of Art.And these beautiful things restored the balance which the Devil plot- ted to destroy. And for a long time man found the utmost happiness inBeauty without exactly understanding it.&amp; And one day a fool arose amongst the people and complained that towaste money and time and feeling on what they did not understand wasa fool's way and to prove that he was a wise man he added " 2 wouldnot act In such away." &amp;And this Fool was a great and valued personage on the earth byreason of his folly, for he was a great glutton and a good thief and a pooranimal in his ways, and was therefore able to provide mankind withneedful things in the winter. &amp; &amp; jg? &amp;&amp; For he stole the eggs from under the hens and the skins from offthe very backs of the sheep and goats with whom he slept, and therewas never a single night which passed without the crying of lambs beingheard, and even the great wolves and the brown bears were fooled andtrapped by him in hundreds by reason of his friendly bestial way andby his great cunning. ,:is&gt;&amp; And with every succeeding age these winter needs grew greater, forClod had turned away his face from the face of the earth, and it grewcolder and colder, and the people for this reason valued the presenceand power of the FooS. jg? &amp;And the Fool grew mightier and more brutal, and mankind by lear- ning to depend on him learned to obey him. And he commanded themand they worshipped him. And the other Fools made Images of him andplaced them upon altars. And these images were true representations offalsehood, and were hideous to behold. &amp;&amp; And then the Artist moved. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And he fashioned an image out of his remembrance of his Father,leaving out all that tasted of bitterness and filling the image with all the fire of joy. And he set it up one night facing the north from whence thecold wind was always blowing, and awaited the rising sun.soon the light crept round the earth and over the hills, and Ittouched the image, upon which were graven [the words, " To the un- seen God". jg?And instantly God became manifest, and everyone who saw the imageknew that the unseen God was lovely to have given birth to so beautifulan image. And God turned back once more towards the earth. &amp;And he looked so smilingly at the image of himself,.... an image sounlike and yet so true,... that he forgave mankind all their weaknesses.&amp; And God was once more Master: mankind once more obeyed, and the Artist was forgotten. &amp;And all this is as it should be. SIMON OF CYRENE. An Unpublished Story by Oscar Wilde. This story was told by Wilde to Miss Aimee Lowther when a childand written out by her. A few copses were privately printed butthis is the first time it has been given to the public. &amp; &amp;Other stories of the same series appeared in the , Apriland July numbers of The Mask. &amp; *Jphe old man sat with bowed head and patient back, while the futilerecriminations of his angry wife beat about his ears. Like an endless cascade splashed the dull reiteration of her reproaches;" Senseless grey-beard, why did ye lose your time loitering on the way?Your father, and his father, and his father before him, all were keepersof the temple gate; and, had you been prompt when ye were sent for,ye would doubtless have been made keeper likewise. But now a readierman hath been chosen. " Oh ! most foolish old man who did prefer to loiter on the way, sothat, forsooth, you might carry the cross for some young carpenter, aseditious &amp; " 'Tis true," said the old man. " 1 met the young man who was tobe crucified, and the centurion bade me carry his cross. And after that1 had carried it to the top of the hill, I still lingered, because of thewords which he spake, for he was sorely grieved, but with a grief whichwas not for himself, but for others, and the wonder of his words heldme there, so that 1 forgot all things ". &amp; &amp;&amp; " Yes, in verity you forgot all tilings, and the little sense you everhad, and so came too late to be made keeper of the temple gate I Areyou not ashamed, to think that your father, and his father, and his fatherbefore him were all keepers of the gate of the Lord's house, and thattheir names are written thereon in letters of gold, which will be readby all men in times to come for ever and for aye ? But thou, vain olddotard, alone of ail thy kin, will never be heard of again, for whom Inall the world, when thou art dead, will ever hear the name of Simon ofCyrene ? " &amp; *&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;,&amp; THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING. by E. W. Godwin. 1875. M-ch Ado about Nothing contains in the first scene sufficient to showthat the Spaniards and Italians who there return to Sicily " fromthe wars," must have been contemporaries of Charles V., Francis 1., andHenry VIII. My notes on Henry VIII, and the Two Gentlemen of Verona (1)may thus be taken as being more or less illustrative of this play. Thetown of Messina is the place of the action throughout the comedy, andthe scenes, though numbering seventeen, may with care be reduced tofour arranged in six Acts, a liberty that may perhaps be allowed as thefirst quarto shows no division by means of Acts. The arrangement I pro- pose would be as follows .*... J£? £? &amp; Act I. The garden, including... IThe garden, orchard, arbour, andportion of the house or palace ofLeonato, the Governor of Mes- sina : 2. The street outside thegarden; 3. At the back the ex- terior of the church.Act 11. A hall in Leonato's house.Act HI. The garden (in two scenes.)Act IV. The inside of a church.Act IVa. The prison.Act V. The garden (eliminatingthe third scene).How the garden Scene is to bearranged so as to include, besides the alleys and the arbours, the street for the watch and the penthousefor Conrade and his friend, can best be seen by reference to the annexeddiagram, where M N is the proscenium, S the street, P the penthouse overthe gateway leading from the garden, O the of chard, B "the pleachedbower where honeysuckles ripen'd by the sun forbid the sun to enter," X the "thick-pleached alley," H the house with a covered arcaded ter- race round it, W seats fixed, and C the church where the watch sits tilltwo in the morning. *&amp;■&amp; To understand the architecture of Messina, and therefore that suitedto the play, it may be as well to turn for a moment to the somewhatsingular architectural history of Sicily. The earliest buildings of whichany remains exist are Doric-Greek, to these succeded works bearing suc- cessively the distinct marks or influence of I. Carthage; 2. Rome ;3.Byzantium ; 4. Arabia ; 5. Normandy ; and 6. Mediaeval Italy. Throughall, however distant, the spirit of the earliest... the refinement of theGreek... was made manifest, so that in looking at the twelfth and thir- teenth century Gothic of Sicily we are not looking at what is commonlyknown as Gothic but at a Greek translation of it, for through all hermanifold changes, in spite of varying fashion, the island felt to the lastthe calm simplicity, the refined strength of her first Dorian lover, andthrough all the excitement which for centuries raged round her, in thewhirl of conquest and the confusion of the rising and falling of nationsand commonwealths, she never once wholly forgot him or forsook him.Here and there his influence may be said to have declined, as in someof the towns of her northern coast, where the architecture has a Roma- nesque, Lombardic, or even Provencal tone about it; but on the southside of the Island the memory of her first civilisation haunts her to thisday. Now Messina is on the northern coast, and its mediaeval architectureis therefore, as 1 have just now said, more Romanesque and less Greekin its spirit than what it would have been on the other two coasts. Mes- sina, we must not forget, is a cathedral town as well as a seaport, itsmother church, like that at Monreale, is built upon the basilican type,and, at the time of which I am writing, was not far from being a fairlyaccurate Romanesque edition of its southern neighbour. The buildingswere constructed of white stone, whether they dated from an early orlate time, but they looked much whiter than they really were from thepowerful contrast afforded by the dark woods which formed the back- ground to the city on one side, and the deep colour of the Mediterranean,which relieved It, on the other side. £&gt;■ &lt;2? &amp;&amp; Leonato's house may, then, be Romanesque, or Gothic, or Renaissance. The last-mentioned style is that which seems to me to be the most„ probable, and consequently his hall would be not far removed In characterfrom that of Baptista Minola. jZt jZ?jZ? The inside of the church need not trouble us , there are so manycareful and measured drawings published of the churches of Sicily, thatthe true portrait Is almost as easy to be attained on the stage as thecaricature we have hitherto seen.The prison scene may very well be the means of Illustrating the earlyRomanesque architecture in Its fortified aspect; and about this, too,there is not a shadow of difficulty.The references in the text to accessories afford a further contribu- tion to the lists of articles of wearing apparel, furniture, &amp;c., given inmy notes on other plays, tiius" He wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat; it ever changeswith the next block." (Act i., Sc. I.)" The body of your discourse is sometime guarded with fragments, andthe guards are but slightly basted on neither." (Act i, Sc. 1.)jZ? " What fashion will you wear the garland of ? About your neck, likean usurer's chain? or under your arm Sike a lieutenant's scarf?" (Actii., Sc. 1.) jZ?jZ/jZ/&lt;Z?jZ?j&amp;j&amp;J&amp;" 1 have known when he would have walked ten mile afoot to see agood armour; and now will he lie ten nights awake carving the fashionof a new doublet." (Act ii., Sc. 3.) £? jZ? ■£? ■£?&amp; " There is no appearance of fancy in him, unless it be a fancy thathe hath to strange disguises ; as to be a Dutchman to-day; a Frenchmantomorrow; or in the shape of two countries at once, as, a German fromthe waist downward, all slops ; and a Spaniard from the hip upward, nodoublet." (Act 132., Sc. 2.) zz? jZ? jZ?Among the habits or manners of the young lover of this time we findthat he brushes his hat every morning, shaves ciose, rubs himself withcivit, washes his face and paints it. But the most detailed reference tocostume is in the fourth Scene of the third Act; here we have a littlediscussion between the lady and her attendant on the style of the rabato(the neck-band, ruff, or collar), the colour of the false hair and the tireand then follows great praise of Hero's wedding dress by the side of which the far-famed gown of the Duchess of Milan was " but a night-gown"although it was made of cloth of gold, slashed and laced with silver andset with pearls, having " down sleeves" (trunks) and "side sleeves"(hanging sleeves) and skirts round, underborne with a bluish tinsel. Thissame lady, who so eclipsed the Duchess of Milan, wears gloves of excel- lent perfume, which she tells us were a present from the Count and wereno doubt made of cheverilor soft kid, excellently stitched, and embroi- dered with gold or silver thread ; in fact, a rather Important sort of gift.But rich gifts... soft kid, pearls, gold, and the rest... wax poor indeedwhen actors and actresses, absorbed in the finery of their situation, sinkto the level of little more than lay figures for the exhibition of fashions.In ordinary every-day life, the people who represent on the stage thefine dame, the noble duke, or the foreign potentate, are so little accus- tomed to art, or anything like good style in living, that it is with dif- ficulty they can appear unconscious of their stage surroundings. Everymovement of their bodies says plainly "this is a very telling sort of dressand no doubt it must arrest attention ; but I never wore anything likeit before." Even in modern comedies we see the weak actress dominatedby the sheer material force of millinery, and in the revival of old playswhen fairly genuine costume and scenery approaching reality are produ- ced, the mass of actors and actresses simply look imbecile. We give themthe benefit of the doubt, and assume that they are inside the clothes,«but they certainly do not wear them. The human form becomes at last amere peg, with four movable peglets fixed in it, and costume is thustoo frequently brought into ridicule by the Ignorant, and made thescapegoat for the incapable player. Scenery and costume we want to seeprogress until both shall be so natural as to be unobtrusive; but stillmore do we desire to see some signs of progress in those who standbetween us and the past, as the living illustrators of the manners ofthat past, and the Interpreters of its mighty dramatist. (1) See •• The Mask " Vel: 111 p. 73 Vol; IV p. 102 and Vol: II p. 168. letters TO THE EDITOR. ENGLAND, ROYALTY AND THE ARTIST. Yours faithfully,George Chaucer. Sir.an Englishman I find very little time to be in England, forwhat with travelling in India and China and attending to my workthere, I get only a month to spend as I like in England. Therefore, ofcourse, I am not perhaps able to secure quite the right point of viewthat others more favoured than myself are able to command. Thisperhaps explains the extraordinary impression I have lately received ona visit to England.My impression is that London is too full of disloyal persons... I meandisloyal to the King and Queen. I would not like to exaggerate theirnumber, but I should certainly say that as individuals they were notunimportant persons. Now if there is a thing which infuriates me it isto hear people, even in jest, speaking lightly of either the King or Queen,and as I notice that your Journal is very properly extremely royalist,not only in regard to England but in general, I feel that it is the rightplace to send my note to.That Mr Keir Hardie, or Mr Grayson; or any of the other jovial hu- mourists of England should make a joke out of what they cannot under- stand is pardonable, but that men and women of very superior rankshould so lower themselves as to fool away the thing that is mostprecious to them, is a situation one would like to think is too ridiculous*for the in to indulge in.j&amp;£? While 1 was in England 1 heard any amount of rubbish spoken aboutboth the King and the Queen who, if these extremely intelligent chat- terboxes are to be believed, neither take any interest in their country,nor the arts, nor anything.jsf I suppose that these advanced people wish to convey that the country,and the arts, and the other things are not in quite so flourishing acondition as they might be. Of course that is very difficult to decideand investigation in each department would be necessary before thetruth could be got at, but to take one department only, that in whichyou are most interested... the arts... it does seem as though something were lacking in England, but that that has anything to do with the Kingor the Queen is preposterous. &amp; &amp;&amp; If some of those who surround their Majesties do not perform theirduties properly, and do not point out to them what is good in art, whatis developed and what should be developed, that is only the fault ofthose persons whoever they may be, and I for one should not regret tosee such bad servants removed and others put in their place; but becausethe servants are bad is no reason why we should lessen ourselves bylowering the standard of royalty, which in England seems to be aboutas good as you can find on earth.&amp; It is many centuries since kings have cared to be egoists. In thosedays countries were well governed because they were governed by theking, and governed in this way, that being royal personages, and beingtreated as such, they were surrounded by men whose sense of royaltywas very considerable. ■£?Now that we are ruled by a pack of cards, by a group instead of aman, nobody with any royalty in him troubles to express his opinion.ANo one in his senses for instance would dream of persuading a pack ofcards to purchase English paintings by masters of to-day and to leaveRembrandt and Raphael in Rotterdam and Rome. &amp; &amp;But in the old days the royalist of distinction had but to whisperthe name of an English artist in the ear of the King and miracles wereaccomplished.When you come to think of it what is left of Louis XIV ? nothingexcept the works of art of his period. What is left of Caesar but Cleopatra?of the Pharoahs ? nothing whatever except the works of art. Well then, dear Sir, I think I have come to the end of my letter. P. S. I need hardly tell you that 1 am descended from an old poet whosename may not be unfamiliar to your readers. &lt;£» &amp; BOOK REVIEWS. BOHEMIAN JINKS. 1908. THEGREEN KNIGHT, A VISION. 1911.by Porter Garnett. BohemianClub. San Francisco, Cal: E. E. jporter Garnett writes books. Heis an American and there is there- fore little reason why he shouldwrite books.You must not suppose from mysaying this that he writes thembadly; lie writes them very well,that is the worst of it. He writesthem too well. In reading a bookof his the suggestion is given thathe could write a book every day.He has got the knack, and a knackis a dangerous thing. He lives inCalifornia where the trees are largeand high, where probably half anhour would be sufficient time forhim to be lost in a Jungle. Thereforeit is all the more extraordinary thathis books have nothing of the jungleabout them and are like the well paved streets of a European capital.Americans are queer, adorableand abominable, as somebody oncewrote In The Mask. They have thebiggest cities in the world and thebiggest Jungles, and nothing veryvital seems to come out of eitherof them. JZ?&amp; They cannot as an excuse saythat they have not had masters:they have had some supreme men,to mention only two; Lincoln and*Whitman, and these two are Ameri- can through and through. Whitmanseems to have absorbed both thelife of the city, and that of the openair. It is Traubel who only in lastMay's "Conservator" points out thatwhen Walt ran from the town andburied himself in the country, it wasonly that he might as it were carryto some quiet spot the preciousthings that he discovered in thetown. In the same way he returns to the city with the precious thingswhich he has found in the country.Other writers go off to get localcolour in the country. Arrived therethey write a poem in praise of thepig, and when they return to thecity they " sever all connection"with the country as if it were athing to be forgotten and not talkedabout. Now Porter Garnett lived for awhile in the forest where the Bohe- mian Club was established. This clubwas supposed to be a place whereyou could forget care by absorbingnature; but into that club a lot ofthose men have carried all the stu- pidities which belong to a town. Thefact of their eating In the open airat an encampment, about five orsix hundred at a time, is a Jollyidea. One imagines them sitting onthe edge of a bank and having a bitof bread* and butter and some cheese,and some of them, having broughtout a bigger hamper, sharing thathamper with a group of five or sixold friends. But what do we find bya photograph in the Bohemian Jinksbook which Mr Porter Garnett hassent us ? We find three sumptuouscircular tables at which the five orsix hundred are seated. Cooks tothe right of them, valets to the leftof them, while the cooks are even dressed like French chefs.It is nothing but the pose of theopen air; it is not the real thing.No great art can come out of thatkind of thing and therefore the artof Porter Garnett cannot be indl- vi dual until it escapes from suchtomfoolery.Another picture in the same bookshows us a place called Temple Bar,a kind of classical temple, where 1suppose Jolly good drinks are sold,but there is no earthly reason whythey should have chosen a nobleiforest to put such a place in. "MagicCity" would have been better; itis pure "Luna Park". There are several pictures whichshow us performances which aregiven in this wonderful forest, andsome which even show us the per*formers. Neither performances norperformers seem to me to haveany connection with the spiritwhich is in the forest. The mark ofthe theatre, (the bad theatrical)smears nature. Look at the photo- graph on page 84 of two pantomimefigures called Woodmen who takepart in a performance called " TheTriumph of Bohemia". I happenedto be last night at the performanceof the " Rheingold " and these twopantomime figures were there. Theycame on to the stage and stalked about like two giants in a panto- mime. They had funny beards andwhiskers and their eyes were likegoggles. They took easy respectableattitudes such as an awkward manwould attempt to take in a drawingroom. They were clothed in skinsand had hairy things on their feetand legs. In fact they were exactlylike these woodmen in "The Triumphof Bohemia ". £? &amp; &amp;•£? 1 see no good in this kind ofthing. If America cannot do betterthan that on its own America is notthe place we all take it to be. Iknow a lot of Americans, youngfellows who are beginning painting,writing, sculpture and the rest. Ilike them all very much indeed they are nice fellows... but they oneand ail of them are unable to draw,write, make sculpture or carve with- out an audience and without beingpaid. They have not learnt the firstthing : that success has not anythingwhat ever to do with a work of art.They do not know that a work ofart comes into being because of aman's discontent with the disorderthat reigns in what is called the** Civilised World &amp;Although the artists do not makethe laws or govern the country theysay the word which makes thoselaws and which makes others govern the country. History shows us thisquite clearly. Very well then, theartist must first of all retain his in- dividuality, and must keep his in- dependence and his freedom to theend. J£? JS/ JZ/It is for this reason that Americais such an opportunity; the lawsare not fixed there. They are search- ing for a government, searchingfor religion, searching for every- thing. Z&amp;£? All that the artists have to do isto point this out to them, and asAmerica is the child of the artiststhey must not get impatient, butthey must treat it in the same wayas a father and mother combinedtreat their child. JZ? uZ&gt;There must be no question of re- turn ; it is they who give, it is thecountry which accepts and is un- grateful. jZ? JZ/Whitman is just such a man. Ame- rica to him was nothing but hischild, it could run away, It coulddeny him, it could come back, itcould go away again, it could behavejust as it wished ; but no one willdeny for a minute that he masteredit, and what some of us here wishto see over there is a few morewriters, painters, sculptors and ar- tists handling the wilful child in the same quiet big manner. THE YOUNG NIETZSCHE ByFrau Forster-Nietzsche, Heine- mann. Price fifteen shillings net.Hphis book is a disappointment. JS* I had always looked uponNietzsche as Artist and as real Man,and as one who could laugh at him- self. This book shows him as thinkerin "Germany" and as " man of asect of men ". He has suddenlybecome small. Is it the fault of thisbook, or of Nietzsche, or of bothAnd what is to be made of thepassages about Hedwig Raabe and" the young Dutch girl, FrauleinTr " on pages 161, 348, 389, 350and elsewhere? It seems from theseas though Nietzsche had never faceda woman: it makes him out a coward.\Again, is this Frau Forster Nietzs- che's fault, or Nietzsche's? or both?Which ever it may be one can saythat Frau Forster-Nietzsche, forall her adoring sisterly affection,has only succeeded in giving us apicture of Nietzsche which is a dis- appointment, if not a disillusion ;...which is a pity for Frau ForsterNietzsche herself, ....and for us. THE RENAISSANCE.StudiesArt and Poetry by Walter Pater.Macmillan. Price one shillingnet.Macmillan have actedwisely in reissuing this book at a price which brings it within thereach of all, for it is one which shouldbe in the hands of every critic and" student of aesthetics ".The fine pages of the Prefacealone, on the office and work of theaesthetic critic, can hardly be tooclosely studied for the light whichthey throw upon that function whichPater defines as " to distinguish, to" analyse, and separate from its" adjuncts, the virtue by which a" picture, a landscape, a fair per- " sonality in life or in a book, pro- " duces this special impression of" beauty or pleasure, to Indicate" what the source of that impression" is, and under what conditions it"is experienced " ; rememberingalways that " what is important," then, is not that the critic should" possess a correct abstract defini- '* tion of beauty for the intellect," but a certain kind of tempera- " ment, the power of being deeply" moved by the presence of beauti- " ful objects. " MANCHESTER PLAYGOER.Two Shillings and sixpence perannum, x? x?nphe first number of this journalhas only arrived in time for usto give it a welcome and wish itwell in the work it. aims to do onbehalf of the Theatre. FOREIGN NOTES. PARIS. More Practical. H. B. had all hoped that Mr GordonCraig would accept M. Rouche'sinvitation to act as artistic adviserto the Theatre des Arts, and I sup- pose we shall know some day whyhe declined the invitation. &amp;That Mr Craig holds the Theatredes Arts in esteem and considers itone of the best of the smaller ArtTheatres in Europe Is evident froma short conversation I had with himlast week, and 1 gather that hisreason for not bringing his work toParis through that particular chan- nel is that he does not fee! at presentable to devote so much time awayfrom his studies.44 You see 1 am studying allthe time " he said, 441 really hardly44 have any time to enjoy myself44 like all the new-comers have; they44 have been clever enough to avoid44 all study; 1 haven't. I produced44 44 Hamlet" In Moscow because I44 was just beginning to doubt my44 own earlier conviction that 44 Shakespeare is unactable and does44 not belong to the stage. So I pro- -44 duced 44 Hamlet " to strengthen44 my conviction. 1 am now thorough- -44 ly convinced ". &amp;&amp; 44 1 am now at work on an edition44 of 44 Hamlet ". I shall prove how44 delightful and perfect the play is44 in book form Count Kessler4: is producing the book, He will do44 wonders with it ".I asked Mr Craig about his futurestage plans.&amp; 44 I have none " he replied ;everyone has plans, and the awfulthing is that they carry them outtoo. Let me be privileged to have noplans. It is so far more practical. " Original Ideas. J. de S. galome" has been produced here.M. Bakst, Miss Rubenstein andM; de Max have done it together.It is a poor play,... unless you readit; then it is more or less of arealistic poem.£? Aubrey Beardsley illustrated ityears ag0...... in fact in the last century. &amp; &amp;Oscar Wilde once wrote, "Realismis only a background. It cannot forman artistic motive for a play thatIs to be a work of art. " £?Oscar Wilde, alas, also wrote " Salome ". .g/ M. Doucet,..... Humourist. J. B. HPhere is a clever man in Paris.. .and a humourist... his laugh isvery broad. His is probably a namevery little known to people in Eng- land, but those who scanned thejournals in June last will have seenthe name Doucet in connection withthe sale of some works of art. Theyhave probably forgotten the nameand have only remembered the highprices which were paid for the col- lection. Let me explain how M.Doucet is a clever man and a humou- rist ; for many years he listened towhat everyone was telling him aboutthe value of certain ancient worksof art, and he bought these andkept on buying them and everybodyelse kept on raising their value byraving about them. M. Doucet then allowed manyyears to elapse and everybody lookedon him as one of the old-fashionedcollectors who will buy anything solong as it is old. Then all of a sud- den, M. Doucet sells his whole col- lection. Where he had bought a picture for a hundred pounds he selisit for a couple of thousand, sellingit to the man who likes the sort ofthing and who believes that It stillhas value; and then instead of in- -4vesting the large sum obtained inaeroplanes or oil fields, M. Doucethas the wit to purchase modemworks of art. &amp; jgrThere is really something verywitty in making a collection of oldmasterpieces so that he may sell itat ten times its value in order toencourage modern art. Among otherpictures I believe M. Doucet hasbought a Monet and a Cezanne.I happened to go to the collectionof ancient masterpieces when theywere all set out in a large house inthe Rue Spontini. 1 went there byaccident and did not know that thethings were for sale. The fashionableworld of Paris was there makingmouths at everything, and I wasstruck by the dinginess of the poorrelics. Bidding them a last adieu Iwent out into the fresh air even asM. Doucet has bidden them a lastadieu and gone out into the freshair.&amp; 1 do not agree with Mr Marinett!the Futurist, who would like to seethe museums and ail that they con- tain burnt to the ground, but Iwould like to see the things all scattered about instead of gatheredtogether Into one vast spider's webso suggestive of an old house thathas not been kept clean.Why should a thing be preservedthat cannot preserve itself ? A thingever loved will never be destroyed ;there Is always someone to pass Iton to when one dies, or one canalways do what M. Doucet has doneso cleverly; buy it and sell it andwith the money develop the new.Where will all this mania for collect- ing end ? The other day 1 readthat an English museum (1 think itwas the London Museum), had pur- chased a Hansom Cab and wasexhibiting it as a curiosity. Nownobody surely wants to keep ahansom cab, and If anyone wants toknow what a hansom cab lookedlike five years ago or even twentyfive years ago, he has only to opena volume like 44 Punch " and he willfind hundreds of them there. Nowas thousands of copies of "Punch" areprinted each week, there seems achance of our being able to have afew copies in about a thousandyears from now, so that our remotedescendants shall be able to studyall the eccentricities of the Hobbleskirt and the Turkey trot, of theclassical revivals and Futurist revo- lutions and all the social and political fashions or freaks or customs oftoday.The value of the well illustratedmodern newspaper is not sufficientlyunderstood. 1 think all the museumsmight have a couple of sets put byas a reserve. Some day people willfinger tbem so much in their searchfor relics of the past, that they willhave to be put into glass cases, andthen nobody will get the chance ofseeing them. 00 I remember when 1 was a youngman going to the British Museumto search for some details to help afriend of* mine in illustrating anedition of "Romeo and Juliet", and,not knowing the names of the won- derful books of Italy, and being pa- ralysed by fear at the sight of theofficials of the museum, when askedwhat book 1 wanted, I stammeredout "Oh, something like "Punch,"the 44 Punch " of the fifteenth cen- tury j0 0Really on thinking It over 1 findthat that was not a bad idea andreminds me of how valuable "Punch"might any day become. Besides, howvaluable a set of 44 Punch " wouldbe in about ten years to a man likeM. Doucet who wished to part withit for, let us say, L. 5000*0.0 in or- der to establish a new journal, let us say, like "The Mask." LONDON. A Church Ceremony. E. E. |n all London there is only one" church where plain singing is tobe heard week after week. This isat St Mary the Virgin, PrimroseHill. There is incense used in thechurch, and you see a few vestments,but the idea of the church is not toreturn to Roman Catholic display,although possibly here and therepeople might imagine so, but to re- turn to the conditions of the earlyEnglish Church, which is quite adifferent thing, and quite a goodthing. In returning to the earlyEnglish Church they return to plainsong, which is a perfect thing, forplain song is the only passionatespeech that exists. To hear it Is likelistening to an inspired talker. It islike everything that is not modern.How strange that the English peopledo not see that in plain song theyhave something which is essentiallytheir own. For real excitement 1fwould sooner go to St Mary theVirgin's Church at Primrose Hill thango to hear and see the RussianBallet or visit the Queen's Hall.And I mean this in the literalsense of the word... for the sake ofreal Excitement. And do you know,that the work there is done withoutan impresario such as the great Mr Djagelef; it is done without theassistance of the nimble Nijinski,and it is done for about as muchmoney as one man can live uncom- fortably upon for a year. Instead ofthirty to forty boy's voices the En- glish pe0p1e,.... that extraordinarilyreligious nation Is only able tosubscribe enough to enable themto have ten or twelve. Instead of sixor seven fine bass voices, they arereduced to two, one of these beingthe organist himself who, almostwithout a trained voice, discovers,through his passionate intensity atthe moment of his having to sing,the grand quality... quite the grand.I rather wish that the fine menwho officiated,... the priests... wouldbend a little, as under the inspira- ration of the passion in the plainsong, and would, when they arereading or singing the prayers, con- tinue the musical note. There is noneed for them to learn from operaticor theatrical men this magical les- son, but if only they would absorbthe music a little more, I feel thatthe whole performance (and a ChurchCeremony is a performance) wouldbe irresistible.&amp; 1 am greatly interested in thiswork because it is so good, andwhile on all sides you hear demandsfor hundreds of thousands of pounds to support this or that scheme, 1can imagine no finer investment foran English gentleman to make thanthat of a couple or three hundredpounds yearly to forward the mu- sical work in this church. I shouldnot speak with this conviction if1 had not been very much moveda few Sundays ago, when witnessing a performance. "Blanco Posnet" at Letchworth. E. G. C. The Letchworth Dramatic Societygave on August 31st a specialprivate performance of 4» The Sho- wing Up Of Blanco Posnet whichseems to me to be Bernard Shaw'sbest play. I thought some years agothat Bernard Shaw would come outof that strange dry thing which wecan call the chrysalis, and fly Intothe air, and he seems to be doingit. He is a kind of brown moth buta good strong one, and the play is•particularly good for a DramaticSociety that doesn't possess its owntheatre, for it can be played in abarn or any such building and isall the better for the open air.Played in a theatre I shouldthink it would be intolerable andso Mr Shaw can be happy that theCensor prohibited the performance inLondon. &amp;&amp; In Letchworth it was played inthe open air and in daylight, and had the rain come down it wouldstill not have spoiled the perfor- mance in the least. We sat in abarn, the big doors were open, Itwas very pleasant; it was reallyJust what a theatre should be. Wewere all a bit too sentimental,audience and actors alike, but wecan't help that nowadays. It comesof being so dreadfully sensitive; Ishould advise the Letchworth Dra- matic Society to keep a sharp eyeon sentimentality and put it downwith a very strong hand. They onlyneed that to become very goodIndeed. Some times the Companyacted too much, and sometimes theyacted very well, that is to say, theydid very little. Mr C. B. Purdon asBlanco was quite good, especiallywhen one considers that he wasworking for the love of the thing.Here of course my sentimentalitybegins to emerge. Horrible thing,which I shall permit myself toindulge in so as not to be out ofthe picture. One feels so touchedthat a brave young Englishman whoworks as a clerk in an estate officeshould have the pluck etc: etc:etc: to get up the performance ofa play which has been banned, toproduce it In a barn without hopesof any profit other than the joy ofhaving done the work and so forth. Then too I got quite sentimen- tal about Mr Jack Dent's perfor- mance of the Sheriff Kemp; howtouching in the large hat which hemust have gone to great trouble toprocure and which was entirely outof the picture. And then the younglady, I forget her name, to see herpainted up to the nines gave rise toweakness and sentimentality again.The dear old Theatre ...the rouge.,the hare's foot, tears S But whatcounted a great deal more thansentiment in this performance wasthe background, across which passnow and again figures and faceswithout a scrap of sentiment, veryalive, that is to say; very alive./s»Who is the foreman of the Jury?Nobody knows of him In Londonbut he is a good actor. That is tosay he realised he had to do nothingbut be himself. And then there wasStrapper Kemp, a very good actor,and the girls were very good, andthe elder Daniels. The whole thing,of course, was much better thananything one gets in London, and Ibelieve the whole performance rea- lised about. L. 3,0.0. Now I don'tthink they should have L. 200, o. o.a performance nor even L.50,0,0 but Idon't think that Letchwortli shouldfind it beyond their powers to findthat Company L 25.0.0 four times a year. It needs a little money, thisCompany. That is the first thing.Then it needs a little tuition... Justa little. It only needs a little forthis reason, that its powers mustdevelop slowly; it must walk onits own feet without assistance of achair, it must be very full of mar- ked and individual faults for a longtime to come, but it must not culti- vate a lot of new artificial &amp; I hope to have occasion to speak again about this Company. Mr Frohman'sTriple Alliance. Tphat Jove-like being, Mr CharlesFrohman, who Juggles with thestars in their courses, calling themall by name, and who holds thewinds of popular favour in his fistsis now about to try the effect of adramatic trinity in unity. It is statedthat he has commissioned Sir ArthurPinero, Mr Barrie and Mr BernardShaw to write each a one-act play,the three pieces to be producedtogether as a " Triple Alliance " oftalent; a three-course bill ofThis seems a particularly well- calculated idea of Mr Frohman's.Has he perhaps been ruminatingupon it during his long period ofunobtrusive quiet since the Reper- tory Theatre was laid to rest ? Forof course there is a large public ofShavians who can always be counted on to fill the theatre were but thePrologue by their leader; Sir ArthurPinero has his own following, andas for Mr Barrie, why, he has almostas many friends as Peter Pan himself.So to arrange his programme Insuch away as to gather togetherthese three distinctive, and evenopposing, parties at each perfor- mance is a master stroke of policyon Mr Frohman's part. It shows atruly mathematical sense of valuesand results. It is a triumph of Boxoffice reasoning and logic... ,4?&amp; But, even so, as Publius Syrussaid, " It is a very hard undertakingto seek to please everybody,,.*£? This equilateral triangle of talentwill be described upon the stage ofthe Duke of York's Theatre. jg? The Leicester Galleries. G.H. important exhibition is beingheld this month at the LeicesterGalleries of some of Mr GordonCraig's designs for stage sceneryand of the models for his recent pro- duction of " Hamlet " at the MoscowArt Theatre. It is an exhibitionwhich must undoubtedly help toclear the minds of such of Mr Craig'sown countrymen as still cherish cer- tain errors concerning hs work, andto prepare the way for the realisa- tion of his ideas in England as theyhave begun to be realised on the Continent, for it demonstrates yetonce more, as the critic of the "Dai- ly Mail" points out, that "Far frombeing an unpractical theorist henow appears to be an eminentlypractical stage designer and Pro- ducer, a man of action ".&amp; In fact one after another thosewho write of these designs and ofthe Screens, (Mr Craig's invention,)which are used in the " Ham'et"Models, emphasize this PRACTICA- LITY of his ideas. " Some of the" Hamlet " models show a practicalingenuity in the use of these plainscreens that amazes one with thesimplicity and the beauty of its ef- fects " says one; who adds that "Inthe matter of lighting effects Rein-Si ardt is, to a great extent, justCraig put into practise. Elsewhere,too, Mr Craig's ideas have beenyielding golden fruit... for others. "So besides being a fresh demon- stration of " practicality ", this" exhilerating exhibition " as the" Times " calls it, is undoubtedlyawakening many who had not yetrealised it to the fact that certainproductions over which London hasbeen enthusing lately have been inreality but poor imitations of MrCraig's work, ...a realisation whichshould certainly prove father to thedesire to have real Craig productions instead of weak copies of what theyare supposed to be. "One is impressedanew " writes the " Times " critic, bythe variety of mood and atmospherethat Mr Craig can achieve by theuse of the simplest means; and onelongs to see his work in the concretenot merely adumbrated in a drawingor adapted by some avowed or secretimitator." A great many people inLondon are echoing his words veryheartily Just 1 hear that the northern cities,...Manchester, Liverpool, Leeds, Glas- gow and others are to have anopportunity of seeing the exhibitionafter it leaves London on September30th, lectures being delivered ineach place upon Mr Craig's work. A Curious Compliment. B. P. Marie Tempest ", or inplain English, "kidneys, MarieTempest£? JZ?I don't know how one can writeof so charming a lady in connec- tion with so charming a dish, exceptto say that one has heard of PScheMelba, and Souffl6 Sarah Bernhardt;hut there is a slight difference be- tween kidneys and peaches. Thisdish was advertised on a menu nota stone's throw from His Majesty'sTheatre. How on earth do these things happen In London ? GENOA. The Commedia dell'Arte. F. Last July The Mask gave the newsof a revival of one of the oldimprovised plays of the Commediadeli'Arte in Budapest. Now it is encouraging to find asimilar revival taking place in Italythrough the enterprise of SignorArmando Rossi, whose company has«rbeen giving a series of performancesof plays taken from the '* ThddtreItalien " of Gherardi, the playshitherto translated and adaptedbeing, " La Precaution inutile"Aitendez-moi sous Forme," "Arle- quin poli par l'amour," " Le Jen de1'Amour et du Hasardand alsocertain plays found in very old "co- pioni" of ancient companies, suchas " The Return of Arlecchino,"" The sad effects of Jealousy " and"Arlecchino as a Savage." JZfThis repertory, representativeof the old Comedies of Masks of the17th and 18th centuries, has beenadmirably produced. &lt;0Signor Rossi began his perfor- mances at Milan, but the criticsthere had little appreciaton of hisfine enterprise, lie then proceededto Genoa, Turin, Venice, Bolognaand other cities, where a far betterreception awaited him. I hope later you may hear of him In Florence. CRITICS CRITICISED. A REVIVAL IN ITALY.It is ho doubt true that one swallowdoes not make a summer; butwhen they begin to arrive one afteranother from different quarters andto practise all their charming acti- vities beneath the eaves, one is Jus- tified in believing that, to say the»least of it, summer is on its way.And so with the theatre : when goodnews begins to come in from manysides, news of keen, intelligent and#vital enterprises, one feels that thewinter of dulness, ignorance andindifference is giving way, if butvery slowly, and that better timesare at hand. A few months ago there camethe news from Budapest of Dr Alex- ander Hevesi's fine enterprise inreviving the art of Improvisationwith a performance based uponRiccoboni's scenario, 44 Le Defiant "and thus proving the vitality yetlatent in the old Commedia dell'Arte.Now Signor Armando Rossi has donethe same in Italy, re-evoking uponthe stage the ancient comedies ofmasks, And the public in each case, wasdelighted. The old, gay, ever-youngfigures seem to have found as warma welcome in their native land asthey found in Budapest. j&amp; The Italian critics have, however,proved themselves less intelligentthan the Hungarian in their receptionof this old-new thing. More than oneof them was exasperated by SignorRossi's enterprise: and they wrungtheir hands and cried that it was afolly, a madness, a stupid attemptto make the theatre retrograde threehundred years : or they turned uptheir noses and sniffed at the absur- dity of desiring to bring into themodern theatre the " foolish" oldmasks of former times; and al- together there was much flutte- ring in the critics' dovecote, muchgesticulating and shrugging of shoul- ders and many expressions of con- tempt around the little tables inthe cafds over Signor Rossi and hissingular idea.Signor Mario Ferrignl has provedhis intelligence as a critic by comingforward with a warm defence ofSignor Rossi's productions in the44 Ventesimo " of Genoa, and hasmade therein a spirited protestagainst the popular and pompousassertion of a number of the presentday critics that " the old Commediamasks are dead." Nothing of thekind. They never have been dead;they can never die. They possess inthemselves the spring of life, thesecret of youth , they will adapt themselves to any century, and wearthe livery of any age while yetremaining always vitally,unalterablythemselves. &amp; JZ? £?The old literary plays with theirset forms and phrases, their change- less characters repeating the same- old lines, may well indeed be deadso far as the theatre goes, and thedomestic infelicities of Edipus Rexor the trials of Electra may come toseem stale upon a theatre stage, forthey have really nothing to do withus today. But Arlecchino is immortaland Columbfna can never die. Theirspangled jackets and waving skirtsare a mere mortal livery, for theyare ideas, not material beings; theyare mirrors which reflect the lifearound them and the sunlight abovethem and the laughter and move- ment and folly and wisdom and loveand gaiety and tears of life as wellin the twentieth century as in thesixteenth, but which render no dullphotographic reproduction of actua- lity, but a vision of life all silveredover with laughter and colouredwith romance. And those who haveso ungracious a welcome for themwhen they come stealing back afterthese many centuries, listening, tip- toe, finger to lip, at the theatre doorand then bounding with a peal oflaughter on to the stage, must err from ignorance or from prejudice,...either ignorance of what the Corn- media dell'Arte ever really was, orprejudice as to what they believe itsrevival wou Id mean at the present day.j0 They complain, for instance, thatthe performances of the old come- dians were coarse and licentious,full of indecent phrases, and theyask us if we want those revivedupon the stage today. But they for- get that the Commedia was everattuned exactly to the age in whichit existed, and if they will study thedomestic history of those days, therecords of conversation, of the habi- tual greetings and subjects of talk,the actions which took place inpublic, the dirtyness, the coarseness,the insanitary conditions which wereuniversai for rich as well as poor,as much a part of the life of eventhe great nobles as were their Greeklearning, their sumptuous banquetsand their magnificent festal clothes,they will perceive that there wasnothing to strike a discordant notein the spectators' minds.The players mirrored their owntimes ; they were in perfect harmonywith its standards of good taste, andthe critics who profess themselvesso shocked by what they find in thetheatre of those days would have*been equally shocked at what they found in the daily life had they beensuddenly transplanted to it; bornand bred in it they would havetaken it all as a matter of coursewhether in the streets or on thestage. " In the sixteenth and seven- teenth century the relation between" the real customs and the theatret4 was the same as today" writes" Signor Ferrigni:" only that both44 the customs and the theatre were44 ruder in their exterior forms:"and then he proceeds to give anexample of what he means from thelife of today by citing instances ofthe freedom permitted in costumeand in conversational pleasantriesat a summer bathing resort or at a44 ville d' eaux " and which, quitepermissible in such environment,would produce a very different ef- fect in town. &amp;As for the plays of the Commedia/those old Scenarios, stripped of whatwas purely topical in dialogue andwhich varied even then with everyperformance, yet remain as the scaf- folding of fine plays upon which theimprovisors of today might build,sheltering themselves beneath theancient masks. And the Masks, beingsof a fine race, knew well enough#that fine breeding manifests itselfin ever adapting oneself so as to beIn harmony with one's company and Arlecchino would find as muchto satirise, as much to raise a laughfrom in the life of today as ever hefound three centuries ago, thoughthe points he seized on mightnot be the same. He is not one ofthose poor creatures who need tosave themselves, to use the sameidea more than once for fear ofrunning short. He has but to givehimself, his spirit, his amazing vita- lity, his infinite riches, in whateversurroundings he finds himself, andhe would be as much at home, aswitty, as Impertinent, as shrewd, asJoyous, as infinitely wise on a Londonstage today as he was when roamingthe highways of Europe and diningunder the hedgerows and bandyingrepartees with kings three hundredyears ago. ~2? JZ?And what if the old Commediadeli'Arte were what the critics con- sider so over-frank in its renderingof life ? It is true enough that threehundred years ago the players hadall kinds of amazing adventuresupon the stage with birth and death,doctors and marriages and bridalnights and surgical operations andfeeding bottles and other intimatefactors of life. But today the verytheatre which regards that as a bar- barous age gives us seductions andconfinements, bath-room scenes and bedrom scenes and hospital scenes,only gives them all with a smugsolemnity which has none of thefrank merry healthy spirit of anearlier day. Why, even Shakespeareshocks them ; they have to 44 expur- gate " his works before presentingthem to the modest eyes and earsof the public, although they expectthat same public to be gratified bythe gloomy spectacle of a nakedSalome fooling around with Johnthe Baptist's head. The attitude* assumed towardsSigner Rossi's productions is onemore proof of the attempt to stifleany keen or vital enterprise in thetheatre; is part of the great con- spiracy to push back into the oldsafe rut the man who dreams of*turning up some other way. Wehope it will not succeed and we takeoff our hat to Signor Rossi. He andDr Hevesi should meet each other,...with Arlecchlno as Master of theCeremony. (1) Sec page iSO MORE AMATEUR .*&gt;JMr Clayton Hamilton in an articleabout Mr Gordon Craig and hiswork has furnished us with onemore example of the impertinenceof amateur criticism. He apparently does not knowhis Montaigne, or he might call tomind that "The only good histories are those that have been written bythe persons themselves who com- manded in the affairs where of theywrite and that as the word of aN apoieon is better worth taking inthe control and disposition of troopsthan that of, let us say, M. Maeter- linck, so the utterances of one whohas devoted his whole life to thestudy and practical demonstrationof a subject are to be accepted withrespect by those who know nothingat all of the matter. J£? Mr Clayton Hamilton is, it ap- pears, displeased with Mr GordonCraig and with his manner of ex- pressing his ideas, and is anxiousto make this known. He has thereforecontributed to 44 The Bookman "(July 1912) a didactic article on44 The New Art of Stage Direction "4in which he alternately reprovesMr Gordon Craig and pats him onthe head. But so lofty is his lan- guage on the subject that really, asMaule once complained of the oppo- sing counsel in a law suit, our "lear- ned friend's manner would be into- lerable in Almighty God to a blackbeetle". Mr Clayton Hamilton commencesby telling us that 44 the stage-di- -44 rection of the immediate future44 has already cast its light before44 it. " " Already" says he, 44 three -44 thoroughly practicable remedies44 have been suggested for the three" evils that have been enumerated." Professor Max Reinhardt, of Berlin," has shown us how we may obtain" relief from the insistence on de«tails : the Irish Players have shown44 us how to save money wisely In44 the preparation of productions;" and Mr Gordon Craig has shown" us in his practise (and endeavou- -44 red, somewhat vainly, to teach us44 in his theory) how we may turn44 the theatre to more imaginative44 uses. " JZ? .£?But Mr Clayton Hamilton doesnot tell u5,... he probably, knowingso little of the theatre, is notaware ~... that 44 Professor MaxReinhardt, of Berlin " has been forsome years paying Mr Gordon Craigthe sincere compliment of followinghis Ideas line upon line, preceptupon precept; or that the IrishPlayers have found the best way to44 save money wisely " over theirproductions was to adopt the scenicinvention of Mr Gordon Craig, anaccount of their first success withwhich Mr Clayton Hamilton mayread In The Mask, January 1911.Then, after informing us ofhow Mr Craig has 44toiIed" for manyyears, he informs us that 44 mean- «« while, he has exhibited his de- " signs.... all of which are odd andf4 many of which are interesting 44 and has talked a great deal, in44 those rapt, ecstatic, and undecl- " pherable terms that impress the44 uninitiated ". &amp;Now let us see who are some ofthese whom Mr Clayton Hamiltonincludes among the " uninitiated. "There are the Germans, led by MessrsReinhardt, Orllk and Roller, turningthe Craig ideas into good hard cash.The Russians, with Dr Meyerholdimitating him in St Petersberg, andthe directors of the Art Theatrein Moscow, about the leadingtheatre in Europe,.... honoured inputting their stage under his control.There is Dr Alexander Hevesi, leaderof the fine enterprise of the BudapestTheatre and one of the warmestadherents of the Craig ideas. Xs? There is the owner of the Th&amp;itredes Arts In Paris, inviting Mr Craigto act as art director in his theatre.There are Madame Sarah Bernhardt,Madame Yvette Guilbert, M. Antoine,Mr W. B. Yeats, Mr Martin Harvey,Air Granville Barker, Mr David Be- iasco, to mention but a very fewIn the theatre itself. And thenamong the critics,.... critics whosenames will we believe, be betterknown to our readers than MrClayton Hamilton's, we find Mr Ar- thur Symons, Mr Max Beerbohm j MrE. F. Spence, Mr Gilbert Cannon,Mr Pritchard Eaton and Mr PercyMackaye. We find the painters, wefind the writers, many more thanthere is space here to name, buteven the few names cited will serveto show what kind of people arethose 44 uninitiated " whom MrGordon Craig has impressed, (andconvinced) by those 44 rapt" ecstaticand undecipherable terms" whichso tickle Mr Hamilton's sense of theabsurd. J&amp; Then again Mr Hamilton objectsvery strongly to Mr Craig's mannerof expressing himself in his recentbook 44 On the Art of the Theatre ".We quote passages from the ar- ticle, because it affords so inte- resting an example of Mr ClaytonHamilton's own style, from theheights of which he looks so dis- dainfully upon Mr Craig's; 44 production. It indicates that how- *44 over able Mr. Craig may be as44 a designer of scenery and costumes44 he is utterly Incapable of any44 exercise of the literary art. His44 book is inconsecutive and inco- -44 herent. He splashes about in a44 splurge of words,(i) like a baby in44 a bath - tub. Several of his revie- 44 wers have hailed him as a genius44 by which they mean, apparently,44 that he is incapable of Intelligent44 analysis or orderly exposition. His44 book is an extremely messy work.44 If Mr. Craig sincerely44 desires to contribute to the pro- -44 gress of the stage he should44 first gag himself, and then permit44 some trained and skilful writer44 (1) to study his designs and explain44 their purport lucidly and sanely44 to the public."&amp; Then, having further denouncedwhat he calls this 44 pretentiousand preposterous Indigestion of i- deas", the 44 hybrid and horrificterm " of Über-Marionette, and alsowhat he assumes Mr Craig's idea tobe, he concludes emphatically, 44 Itis hardly necessary to remark thatthis Idea is mad". &amp;So does Mr Clayton Hamilton,A.44 most ignorant of what he's most as- red ", play his fantastic literary andcritical tricks before high heaven.Reading his article one cannot butrecall the words of Solomon whoonce declared of a man wise in hisown conceit that 44 There is morehope of a fool than of him fora fool may well learn, but MrClayton Hamilton is already cock- sure. &amp; uS? (I) The stalks are ours, Ed; (I) Such, one presumes, as our learned friend ? EDITORIAL NOTES. £/ METCALFE OF 44 LIFE ". j&amp;Tplie writer on theatrical mattersin the New York 44 Life " is amost excellent critic. We have likedhis work for several years; he feelsrightly about things. He seems tobe one of the few writers in Ame=rica who, when some semi-religiousplay is put on, says the truth aboutit. instead of being sentimentallycarried away, he criticises. In thecase of Air Kennedy's play called44 The Terrible Aleek " he wrote:-2? 4i The sanctimonious statement46 that44 The Terrible Meek " Is pro- 46 duced for its religious effect will44 only be taken with a grain of salt44 by those who know the pecuniary44 value of a new sensation in the44 theatrical business. Two and a" half dollars per seat at the Boxoffice and newspaper talk from the44 author about 44 The Passion and44 Resurrection of our Blessed Lord "44 do not seem consistent. The com- 44 binafion savours just a little too44 much of ttie English streetcorner44 evangelist, whose familiar pious44 preachments have direct relation 44 to the number of coppers that can44 be coaxed and exhorted into the44 evangelical hat ". JZ?This play, 44 The Terrible Meek ",was produced by Mr Ames, whofailed to steer the New Theatre tosuccess and was obliged to start alittle theatre of his own. Of this A- merican impresario Mr Metcalfe says:44 Friends of the American theatre44 have come to regard Mr Ames as44 the white hope in the present44 condition of the drama, but, if he44 is to confirm their confidence, It44 would look as though he must44 pick out a new hypnotist to guide44 his selection of plays JS/If there are a few more guideslike Mr Metcalfe, and if the Ameri- can managers and public will justfor once let themselves be guidedby men who have thought aboutthese matters, then the conditionof the drama in America will improveenormously.There is no doubt, we should say,that Mr Ames is a really capabledirector and a very poor judge inmatters of art. Somehow people have got into their heads the Idea thata director must be a judge in suchmatters, yet it is not at all necessaryand It is better If he is not; but heshould at least have common senseenough to be guided by those whocan judge. So when he builds atheatre he should select a stagemanager and an architect, who to- gether know what is the right shapefor an auditorium. Then he shouldnot suddenly change his stage mana- ger but should continue to abideby his first choice, and should dopractically what he Is told by thisman in regard to the stage. The next difficult task for thedirector Is to choose the literaryadviser, for on no account must sucha man be at loggerheads with thestage manager. In speaking of stagemanagers, we allude to such as Sta- nislawski and Hevesi, and naturallysuch people are very difficult toapproach and their services almostimpossible to obtain. But it Is of menof this standing that a clever direc- tor like Mr Ames is greatly In need.I suppose the only man in Ame- rica who is anywhere in line withthese two is Mr Belasco. A reallyclever director in America wouldsecure that man first of all. " Pro- duce great persons" says Whitman," the rest follows ". Great persons have not a particular talent for ac- commodating themselves to smallpersons, but Mr Ames, being a cleverman, can surely accommodate him- self to Mr Belasco, and if he wishesto serve the best interests oi theAmerican stage that is what he willdo. &amp; ■£? JQ- INSULTING INTELLIGENTAMERICANS. &amp;an example of the kind of cri- ticism which should be forcibly putdown by the state the following isworthy of notice :" Paolo Uccello, (1396-1479). This" Interesting old painter gave much*• thought and study to perspective" and although we can but smile" when we look at his pictures and" think of this still they do show a" little advance upon what had pre- " ceeded htm From " Painters, Sculptors,Architects and EngraversAHandbook by Clara E. Clement.Published by Houghton, Mifflin&amp; Co. Boston &amp; New York. U. S. A.Our quotation is from theand revised impressso we seethat the book has a somewhat ex- tensive publicity given to It. jg?There should be some law to con- trol writers of this kind of bookand to limit their powers of spreadingnonsensical suggestions of this kind. It Is to be supposed that the Ameri- cans who study pictures are as wittyas any other beings; why then shouldthey be forced to absorb as thetruth such utter rubbish as the a- bove quotation? There is hardly anyfield of thought more subtly difficultthan that of Art criticism, but surelythe production of a Dictionary of thiskind demanding thoroughness andan absence of anything but factshould not be too difficult for sogreat a nation as America to com- pass, -iS* ■£?Let us hope that the idiotic bookwill be called in soon so that thegood sense of Americans eager tounderstand European Art somewhatrightly will no longer be insultedand misled by the wretched puerili- ties of C. E. Clement. &amp; A NATIONAL THEATRE. &amp;William Archer and Mr Gran- ville Barker brought out a bookIn 1907 which they called A Natio- nal Theatre.. Scheme and Estimates".It has this to commend it,.,, that wedislike it. The book is in twelve sections,and the section which we are con- cerned with here is section 4 wherein is explained what the authos'rNational Theatre would do withShakespeare. In large letters theycommence the chapter by saying:- " IT IS NOT AN ADVANCED THEA- TRE THAT WE ARE ADVISING "though what the fear of advanceshould be, heaven only knows. MrWilliam Archer has only quite latelyadvanced back to Japan, and MrBarker is stealthily advancing tothe production of the " Winter'sTale ". &amp; &amp;In their book they follow up theirassurances about not having an" advanced " theatre by explainingthat the subsidized theatres of thecontinent are not " advanced " thea- tres; adding that it is not their "bu- siness " to be " far ahead of thetime but to be well abreast of itwhatever that may mean; it doesnot seem to mean very much. &amp; If Monsieur Rodin, if Cezanne, ifNietzsche, if Walter Pater, in fact ifall the first artists of the last fiftyyears had been merely "abreast of thetime ", we should have had noRodin, no Cezanne, no Nietzscheand no Walter Pater. It is becausethey were far ahead of their timethat they were who they were. &amp;But you will say that this hasnothing to do with it; that youcannot compare the theatre or theNational Theatre with independentartists, and you will receive theobvious reply that the theatre hasno business to exist until an indi- vidua! artist has been found tocommand It, and, if he is not aheadof his time, there is no use in put- ting him in command, for the BoxOffice keeper would do quite aswell. As a matter of fact, the besttheatres in Europe are the 44 advan- ced " theatres, and some of the" advanced " theatres are subsidizedtheatres. We don't know what MrArcher and Mr Barker mean bythe word 44 advanced " or whythey are so frightened about it,but we take it here to mean atheatre that has life and that movesforward. We have never yet heard ofanybody who had the fear of advo- cating life or moving forward. Shakespeare is 44 advanced " forinstance, and always will be 44 ad- vanced " as far as we are concerned.He is 44 advanced " because he hasall the qualities which go to makea great artist: he is strong, he isfearless, he is rich in humour, Intenderness, in fantasy : very wellthen, all we want is a theatre 44 ad- vanced " enough to be able to In- crease the value of the Shakespearerepertory by adding to it the powerto present his works strongly, ten- derly, imaginatively. jz/&amp; Messrs Archer and Barker feelthat the National Theatre shouldnot be 44 advancedbut they do think that there should be pioneertheatres who do the advancing forthem, " who try this path and whosometimes blunder and find them- selves in an untenable position or ina no throroughfare ". They then addthat the National theatre shouldprofit by the experience gained bythe pioneer theatres while trying to" avoid their errors &amp;The worst of Messrs Archer andBarker is that they look on thetheatre as If it were an army, theyspeak of it as such, they talk about" out-posts, " " pioneers, " "untena- ble " positions, " pressing on " andso forth. Anything more mislead- ing cannot well be conceived. Cau- tion may play a great part in theadvance of an army, it plays a veryvalueless part in the advance of anart. In the army you may be fight- ing for a piece of ground, in anart you are fighting for somethingdifferent: for something intangible.The true artist Is never rash, havinga large streak of caution in his na- ture; but he is for ever experimen- ting and never ceases advancing.The mistake Messrs Archer andBarker make is in believing thatjust naturally clever and careful mencan direct the fortunes of a Theatre,forgetting that there have' beenhundreds of clever and careful men who have tried without any success;and not being artists Messrs Archerand Barker very naturally are una- ble to realize what are the artist'spowers. JS? *£? £? JZ?&amp; Messrs Archer and Barker sayexperiment would not be the pri- mary function of the National Thea- tre, though they would " keep asympathetic eye upon the work ofthe out-post theatres." "Sympatheticeye " is good ;... the 44 sympatheticeye " of Mr BUI Sykes. But the" sympathetic eye " with whichMessrs Archer and Barker gazelongingly at the coming NationalTheatre is not very keen in its sym- pathy towards Shakespeare, and wehere come across a very curious andnot exactly courageous championshipof our only great national drama- tist. JS?&amp; Fully to understand Messrs Ar- cher's and Barker's attitude towardsShakespeare we must remind ourreaders that these two gentlemenwere in the very forefront of thosewho were crying for the removal ofthe Censor. They held that the Cen- sor prevented 44 advanced " playsby modern authors being acted, butwhen it comes to Shakespeare andhis position in the National Theatrewhat do we find these gentlemenadvocating ? They whittle the entire thirty seven plays down to three,although they generously add thatsix others can be played uow andthen. Listen to this passage fromthe two advocates for the removalof the censor:44 The final Shakespeare canon44 consists of 37 plays. Of these one...44 Titus Andronlcus... is wholly un&gt;44 presentable on the modern stage;44 while six... Trolius and Cressida,44 Timon of Athens, Pericles, and44 the three parts of Henry V 1... can44 only be presented after heroic*4 curtailments and manipulations...44 then again of the remaining plays44 five would probably be found fit44 only for occasional revival at long44 Intervals : the Two Gentlemen of44 Verona. The Comedv of Errors44 and Love's Labour Lost are imma- -44 ture productions, All's Well that44 Ends Well is likewise immature44 and inexplicable in theme ; and44 Henry VIII, is a formless pageant44 play, which has very little claim44 to rank as Shakespeare. There44 remain, then, twenty five plays,44 which ought never to be suffered44 for long to drop out of the reper- -44 tory of an English National Thea- -44 tre. If six on an averege were re*&gt;44 vived in every season, the whole44 list (save one) would be gone44 through once in four years; *'while in each season certain plays," carried forward from the season*' or seasons before, would be con- " sidered not as revivals, but as be- " longing to the permanent subs- " tratum of the repertory... what" is called in France the " repertoire" courantWe take it then that" in the initial season three plays" might be regarded as representing** the Shakespearean element in" this permanent substratum, while" the remaining six are about the" equivalent of the normal revivals** of a normal season How Shakspeare would haveenjoyed reading that paragraph!While it may be hoped that theday is far off when the Censor shallbe removed, we hope that he will notpass before removing the ban fromall the Shakespeare plays. It makessuch a difference who treats tragicalsubjects that somehow we feel thatShakespeare can handle them betterthan Messrs Barker or Shaw, andTitus Andronicus would be but alaughable tragedy after their "heroiccurtailments and manipulationsIf Messrs Archer and Barker arerepresentative of any England atall, perhaps they represent the Vic- torian Era at its worst, certainly notthe Elizabethan at its best thoughthere is a suggestion in their sen- timents that they would fit theCromwellian era like a glove; so thatwe see Messrs Archer and Barkerare really for the most "advanced "theatre conceivable: that of the Revo- lutionary Puritan wherein Shakes*peare plays the part of the "Bauble." ART AND J. S. seems to feel that hehas the right to speak of Artnowadays without knowing about it.Art, the property of the king,the priest and the aristocracy, hasbecome the property of the mob. Even highly placed people careto offer opinions on art, laying downthe law about it. To these NotreDame is as " noble " as the Templeof Denderah ; Nijinsky as " superb "as the Louvre Nike of •£? Ask the same people some simplequestions about chemistry or mathe- matics and they answer that theyleave such subjects to those whostudy them. Is Art then not so se- rious a study that they can so gliblyroll off rubbish about it ?uPKeep your place, gentlemen, and,without blurting out that art isabove you, or confessing by chatterthat it is beneath you, turn your thoughts to other things. AN ADDITIONAL FOREIGN . THE LEICESTER GALLERIES. J. S. 7e print below a Note which hasTVjust reached us, too late to beIncluded with the other News fromLondon, relative to Mr GordonGra!g*s exhibition at the LeicesterGalleries referred to Oh page 179*It will be of Interest to those whohave hitherto been unable to visitthe Exhibition to know that theyhave still an opportunity of doing SO. J&amp; G. H. Cjnce telling you that Mr GordonCraig's Exhibition would close inLondon on September 30th andwould then start on a tour of thenorthern cities I learn that the Di«rectors of the Leicester Gallery havedecided to keep it open for twoweeks longer than previously arran- ged. it will thus be the middle of Oc- tober before it starts northwards, andno doubt many of The Mask readerswho are now returning to London will be glad of this news and toknow that they are yet in time tosee these models and designs.v, , y ' ■&gt; y T''■ ;&gt;S ' ~■/ v '• ' -V01* ■ ■', IThe exhibition has been visitedduring the last month by a largenumber of well known people, in- cluding Countess Greffulbe, PrincessICaramen Chimay, Lady Strachey,Sir Bram well Tho mas, Sir AlbertSeymour, Miss Evie Greene, Sir Wil- liam Bull, Mr and Mrs HaldaneMacfall, Mr Walter Crane, Miss Ger- trude Kingston, Mr Augustus JohnLord and Lady Dunsany, Mr CharlesBrookfleSd, Mr Norman Forbes Ro«bertson, Countess Gleichen, Mr and*Mrs William Rothenstein, ProfessorBaker of Harvard University, Mr H.B.irVing, Mr Alfred Waring, (Directorof the Glasgow Repertory Theatre),Mr Emery Walker, Mrs HolmanHunt,Count Kessler and Lady Dorothy Neville. j&amp; THE FORUM.is printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women who willIbe the classics ofto-morrow.STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM .♦ PHILO-SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.4ITCHELL K E N N E R» New York &amp; LondonThree months trial subscription two shillings ■MI dMIH EHERTHE special literary value of ray general Catalogue has given it a unique positionin the world of book-making for book-lovers.Prom year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the view of makingknown, as no other form of advertising could make known, The Mosher Books andwhat they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. All possible value has been put intothese books by their publisher; so that to-day they are the only style of genuinehand-made editions at popular prices in America.J0 Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions at moderateprices. &amp; &amp; JS&gt; &amp;IHO MAS B. MOS HER, POR TLA ND. MAINE. THE BLUE BOOKThe Undergraduate Review 0NUMBER ONE APPEARED MAY 1912&amp; Its contents were as follows. &amp;The Ideas of Mr Gordon Craig C'est a Vamour du VieuxThe Tavern of Children MondeHome Chat: A Play in one Past and Present of FuturismAct Henry James jM£/ Poems Essays ReviewsBMBCONDUCTED BY OXFORD UNDERGRADUATES &amp; PUBLISHEDEVERY TWO MONTHS AT 6 &amp; 7 CORNMARKET ST, OXFORDONE SHILLING NET THE POETRY REVIEWA Monthly Periodical devoted to the Study andAppreciation of Modern Poetry of all countries.A SPECIAL SUBJECT WILL BE DEALT WITH IN EACH ISSUE.THE FOLLOWNQ ARE AMONG THOSE SELECTED FOR 1912.WOMEN POETS.AMERICAN POETRY.FRENCH POETRY.GERMAN POETRY.MYSTERY PLAYS.ITALIAN POETRY.THE CELTIC TWILIGHT.THE FIRST ISSUE APPEARED IN JANUARY 1912" . ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FIVE SHILLINGS NET-SEPARATE COPIES SIXPENCE NET.—1 —n-atae,n—B——riOTinniwTi"————in—iw—innii—n mwii.wi 1 ■ 111 nuiiiiiwr7*nifrr**,TiTi~rngiwwM&gt;-fiT"■■■ir",'iM~mwiTWinnmTi"mTrr«nwTnp—n—wma——wOf all Booksellers, and In Florence ofSucc. B. Seeb e r, Via Tornabuoni.V • . ; '*mmmmmmmmmmaummammrnnammmmmjuwi. MWMMMMTlMWAMJliiiiuttrtwmiiriavi tmmimii&gt;ii,iiniiMWiiniiw,ijiii&lt;,ii,ii i mmMmßm&amp;mtMH&amp;mzmmnmmmmmKmmmmmmammßmmaßummmaßmmmmMaxmsEmm - r ■ » ~93 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON W.C.