Secession 3 August 1922 naay_1922-08_01 Secession 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Hope Waldo Frank 2 HOPE WALDO FRANK cre 3-6 THE ATTEMPT WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS cre 7 PEEP-PEEP-PARRISH MATTHEW JOSEPHSON cre 8-13 ARTICLES DE SPORT PHILIPPE SOUPAULT cre 14 POEM MALCOLM COWLEY cre 15 CITIES II WILL BRAY cre 16 ARP THE TRAPDRUMMER HANS ARP cre 17-19 FIRST PASTORAL KENNETH BURKE cre 20-29 MR. BLUNDERBUSS M. J cre THE EDITORS cre M. J cre 30-33 PASSIONATE SINGER SAINT EDNA MILLAY cre 33 „Je revais croisades, voyages de decouvertes dont ARTHUR RIMBAUD cre 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 34 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 jsllßl fflpß Jttk ,J.| #Blk Milk 881 ■■■'Kk- &gt;/rf^^B SECESSIONEDITORS: GORHAM B. MUNSON, MATTHEW JOSEPHSONTemporary editorial office : „Reutte (Tirol) Austria"Business office: Peter K. Hurwitz, Treasurer, 1361 46th Street,Brooklyn, New YorkAddress all correspondence to New York office SUBSCRIPTIONFor six numbers, one dollar in America, 5 shillings inEngland, 12 francs in France, 400 marks in Germany.The price of a single number is 20 cents in America,one shilling in England, 2.50 francs in France, and50 marks in Germany. NUMBER THREE AUGUST 1922 Printed by Julius Lichtner, Vienna VIII. Hope Waldo FrankThe Attempt William Carlos WilliamsPeep-peep Parrish Matthew JosephsonArticles de sport Philippe SoupaultPoem Malcolm CowleyCities II Will BrayArp the Trap-drummer Hans ArpFirst Pastoral Kenneth BurkeMr. Blunder BussCover design by Arp HOPE WALDO FRANK. He was walking a long time. It seemed to him hewas walking always . . walking toward no thing . .walking away. He had the sense of himself very white,very dim yet sharp: white thin throat weary withbreathing, white brow weary with pressing throughblack air, white legs weary with walking away. Hehad the sense of himself a white thing walking foreverfrom the dark, through dark. . . .He had no thoughts. His past was the wake behindhis feet. He sensed it arching up behind him to ablack horizon, arching beyond horizon, the wake ofhis past . . a thing that was not he and was not thedarkness: was the stain of his white passing alongupon the dark that passed never....His past was beingless and thoughtless. He wasmoving whiteness, his past was where he had moved.Yet certain knowings went with him. They were withoutdimension. They were impalpable like odors. He moved,a white moving, and with him emanations . . thingshe knew about himself and the world . . frail pitifulthings, impalpable like odors.One knowing: he was lonely. One knowing: hisloneliness was not a birth of his leaving his beloved,but his leaving her was birth of his being lonely. Theyloved each other. There, between them, growing likea tree, his loneliness. Like a tree clefting a rock, hisloneliness: as they clove together, as his arms wereabout her body, as his mouth was upon her mouth . .his loneliness clefting them asunder. It spread. Itblossomed. It spread up until its branches were sky,until its roots were earth . . until its trunk was lifebetween earth and sky. His loneliness blotted out hisbeloved. His loneliness blotted out himself. He wasmoving whiteness, moved by loneliness to walk foreveraway.He stood at the corner of a street and tried tochange himself into a thing that thought.He tried hard: his legs hurt: he tried to think of that. There was an empty whiteness in his stomach.He tried to think of that and of the simple way . .there was money . . whereby he could recolor hisstomach red. Against his brow black fumes of peoplemoved . . slow, tragically, men and women in blackshoes pushing white faces away, moving against eachother forever away through black.Long lost strokes . . white soot in blacknessstreaking from before his eyes into the pregnant past. . men, women. Little balls of tremulous commotion . .black all about their whiteness, moulding their white- ness . . children. Above his hat, the Elevated Road . .a balance in sonorous black where all that was overit and under was contained. The structure so immediateabove him, so infinite beyond him, was a Word. Itsrecurrent meaningless boom had meaning for him. Hestood, white upright wisp, and listened to the wordof the murmuring, pounding, failing trains, to the.refrain before and after of long black beams partingthe dwellings of men, swung between mists.He took this, satisfied, in place of thought.The odors of self were free to touch him. He knewnow for long he was wandering the City. Long, hehad no thought of his beloved, no care. He knewthat soon he would stop. His whiteness . . becausehe needed so, so hoped . . was going to stop.The street corner where he stood was sharp. Black- ness still. But each particle in his eyes stood up: eachparticle like iron dust was suddenly within the swayof a hid Magnet so that each particle stood up, yetotherwise did not move.A saloon with garish yellow light and yellow wood.Gray pavement. Desolate forms of men like lamp-sooton the yellow wood, on the yellow light. Greypavement.Then in the foreground of his eye a sudden force -upon him, a slow thin form. — She is a negress! Hesaw her big awkward hat, her shoes stuck out fromthe wooden stiffness of her coat. He saw her wristsstuck out from the stiff wool arms: two hands, luminoussinuous, flexed . . hands moving in air. The air thather hands moved wreathed in volumnear curves likethe curves of a slender stem of a flower, to her head. This he saw also. He saw within the black of herstupid hat a smile toward him. He felt her throat.He left the yellow light. The grey pavement herewas gaseous, clouded beyond. In the dim, he knewthe woman beside him.She walked. Her parting the blackness left a wakethat sucked him subtly, slowly. Not horizontal but intrue measure with her was their way: the spirallicleap and dip of an uneven hoop. There was a heavydoor and a room . . he quiet beside her.He was aware of quiet. The gas jet spat light witha rasping breath. It and his breathing and her breathing- were encased in quiet. The room v/as thick and muf- fled. Foul walls that were thick, the heavy scarletcover on the bed, the painted door . . made the quiet.These were a fabulous womb of her breathing andhis and the gas-light.She took off her hat. She took off her brown- wooden coat. She turned her eyes upon him . . thewhite of her eyes. Then her hands uprose, they swam uponher like fish deep in dark waters. She took off hertawdry one-piece dress. She took off her heavy shoesand her coarse stockings. She ripped soiled flannel,sparking from her skin. She lifted the scarlet coverand her black body slid within the bed.He flung away the cover. Her black body layon the white sheet. He looked at her body. Shelooked at her body. It was a black still thing, flowingforever within itself; moveless beyond its boundarieswhich were white. And within its blackness a glowingcloud of white, making it blue, making it yellow andblue, making it blackness alive.He said to himself: ~Now I had better think."He took off his clothes. He let the room close inhim, touch him everywhere . . at his throat, under hisarmpits, at his thighs . . the foulpadded room. Helay beside her. Her bloated lips touched like theroom on his.He lay still, stiffly. Her lips worked on him, herarms shuttled at his flanks. He lay still, stiffly. Sheseemed to hear him, now. She relaxed beside him. Shelay flexed. Barely her skin in the narrow bed touched his. So they lay: gaze threading upward like untroub- led smoke; he stiff, she undulous easeful, blade likea buried sea: both still.The wave of her was measurelessly long as ifsome tiding force . . no wind . , with infinite strokecaused it. He felt himself white. He felt this blacknessbeside her. He was not stiff. He was not movingaway. He knew in her blackness, the white mist run- ning through: saturate white, invisible from the black- ness of her body, making it alive.A great need filled him. He . . separate white,pushing through black . . felt the need and felt thepower to be merged in her, to join the white mistmaking her black alive.Passion, pure beyond object and beyond self,lifted him so. He took her body: it was body: blackdead body she was. So he took her. So he made heralive. He was impress of life upon her substance: song.Before his eyes was dark Void. Falling through itthreads of white, globules of white: in his eyes thiswoman's body, falling through it himself. He lay smiling with shut eyes on his back.She left the bed and knelt on the floor beside him.She kissed his feet. She kissed his knees. Shetook his fingers, pressed each finger one by one, onher eyes. His fingers were cold.She beat her brow,-dashed her brow and her breastagainst the iron bed. . . . THE ATTEMPT WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS O tonguelickingthe sore onher netherlipO toppled belly0 passionate cottonstuck withmatted hairelysian slobberfrom her mouthuponthe folded handkerchief1 can't die— moaned the oldjaundiced womanrolling- hersaffron eyeballsI can't dieI can't die PEEP-PEEP-PARRISH MATTHEW JOSEPHSON 1 Terribly hot in New York. Torrid! Ouf. Fat menwheeze and remove their hats for the seventy- ninth time in the deadly sun. At night alas there isno wind. No air. Thousands expire daily. In the EastSide people carry their featherbeds and infants out- doors and sleep along the sidewalk lining the streetsfor miles up and down with tangled limbs and soiledlinen in public.And of Mr. Parrish? Admirable man. He lay on thefloor of his room and knew not what to do. He wasstripped naked to the waist giving the pores of hisbody excellent occasion to perspire and respire freely.Before him labored an electric fan in the full gallop.Mr. Parish is gradually becoming cooler and cooler.Lying on the floor his bad heart moved well enoughfor him to smoke. He smoked always in the directionof the ceiling.Cooler. But what to do in this room. He stood upand moved around it cautiously. Stood by the windowfor utmost comfort. The air smelled grilled. And yetthere was the most beautiful backyard prospect inBrooklyn before him. A grove of yolanthus treesreared itself in the interior space. Lights broke throughtheir imitation palm leaves. Outcries came. Snatchesof decollete families sleeping indiscriminately perilouslyon fire-escapes.There was a fire-escape too for Mr. Parrish. Hestepped out and climbed the iron ladder gingerly tothe roof. His roof! Immense to stand on the roof withonly the sleepy stars right above. The most modestkind of a breeze purred about and tickled his backand his ribs. Fatuous Mr. Parrish waved his long flabbyarms at the sky and warded off the stars.Mr. Parrish promenaded his roof. A limited affair atlength speedily explored.„I wonder what this next roof would be like?"To reach the next required stepping adroitly on asky-light and swinging up some five feet. Certainly a different perspective from this little roof. And soone roof led rapidly to another. Their terraces ranupward generally save for certain downward fluctua- tions. The ascent in some cases offered difficulty butnever too precarious.From a rather high building he found that he couldpeer over the cornice and glimpse the street a hun- dred feet below. There was a cinema its blazing lampand a little knot of people before it reading doubt- less its florid bill posters. A formidable desire to seewhat they were reading dragged Mr. Parrish to thevery edge of the building to its tin shaky cornice. Hewas almost overcome with vertigo as he craneddownward. He accordingly reeled back from the edgeof the building and thought better of it all.The street continued to be regarded from a safedistance from his precipice. He stood wrapt up inthe whole long bright street this utterly new streetfor a long time.An added sense came suddenly into play thanks tothe semi-arboreal existence which had begun for Mr.Parrish and he turned his head sharply to the left.In a dark window of an . adjoining house there wascertainly the face of a woman. She was looking athim very fixedly and her eyes were large with terror.He gazed at her for a minute and a half wonderingwhat objection she could possibly have to him. Thenhe remembered that he was almost naked. He madean obscene gesture at the face and fled precipitately.He heard a stifled scream: „Burglars ! Help!" Burg- lars dear Madame do not wear my costume. He doub- led his pace and bounded down from one roof toanother. At one time Mr. Parrish's foot crashed intoa skylight and he caught another chorus of outcriesmaledictions. He grew nervous and raced around alarge water-tank thereby losing his way. How to tellone roof from another! And his own! He must havemade the complete circumference of the block beforehe gained at last his own happy and charming do- micile.His little roof again. He dove into his room from theladder and collapsed on the floor. He turned on the electric fan and remained beautifully relaxed. Theuproar of his heart dominated the room.Mr. Parrish was both ashamed andx amazed at his es- capade. He likened himself to a certain comedian ofthe moving pictures whom he had seen eluding pur- suers along tight-ropes between high buildings andshifting the chase up and down sky-lights. 2 A young man of thirty-five with confirmed habits Mr.Parrish occupied a responsible position with an in- vestment bank downtown. He spent his days in a wellventilated but subterannean office near the Stock Ex- change. As for the crags roofs sky-lights fire escapeshe had had little enough of them.Always there had been secret ulcers (shall we say?)in his nature. A quiet unobtrusive man when he wassixteen he suffered from the inclination to writeimmoral legends on the walls of lavatories. There wasthe ugly habit of lingering too long away from thedesk. He had become more and more ingenuous. Atany rate he was discovered red-handed one day andsummarily discharged by the bank which employedhim. Parental lectures the struggle for existence arealization of the seriousness of life had persuadedhim sternly to turn to better ways. The diverting andregrettable practice was relinquished.Ah Mr. Parrish! His past. This was twenty years ago.And yet the explorations of the night we speak ofled his endeavors again into a somewhat questionabledirection. They have doubtless been called to yourattention by indignant articles in the daily press:PEEPING TOM HUNTED IN BROOKLYNNeighborhood Aroused by Night ProwlerClimbs through Windows to Annoy WomenMrs. Jane Bohme, wife of John Bohme, baker, livingat 598 South Sixty-eighth Street, complained to the police of the eighteenth district last night of havingbeen annoyed in her home by a strange prowler whomshe awoke to find staring at her in an obnoxiousmanner, late Tuesday night. Her screams aroused theneighbors and the man escaped through a window.A spirited search has been instituted and the neigh- borhood is highly aroused 3 Mr. Parrish mopped his brow at the noon hour. Hetook the elevator as was his new habit far up to thethirty-ninth floor of his building. There he took pos- session of a beautiful little white chamber where hemade water washed combed and made sundry otherpreparations for his midday repast. All accompaniedby just such an astonishing view of the great metro- polis as Mr. Parrish now doted upon.As he washed he glanced briskly toward a neighboringskyscraper which stood a little higher than his ownwhose summit ended in a specially monstrous pyramid- like affair from which smoke spiralled up always.Upon a floor directly parallel with his (but who knowswhether it bore the same number) he noticed attimes a beautiful stenographer only a hundred feet orso away always typing during the noon hour and whosometimes rewarded his attentions with a graciousglance of her beauteous eyes.He was touched to the soul was Mr. Parrish. Hemade quick nervous gestures at her. In fact he wavedhis hands and the whole upper part of his body ather. He was so encouraged by her silent but only toomanifest responses that he megaphoned his mouth androared „I LOVE YOU." She placed her shell-likehand to her ear as a signal that he had passed un- heard. But it was impossible to reach her above thenoon hour cacaphony of Broad Street. In the mean- time she replied to his vivid gestures in a manner thatwas so unmistakably suggestive that he was convincedof the speedy and favorable acceptance of his pro- posals. He descended thirty-nine floors in the whizzing1 littlebox himself in an upward transport. He gave the ele- vator boy a cigar. Kissed him on both ebony cheeks.On the following day he made animated signals ofpassion to his inamorata of the Bankers' InsuranceBuilding. Thus with the right hand commencing fromthe heart outward to the right as far from the shoul- der as it would go. Kisses were wafted toward himand he was urged only too plainly to volplane acrossthe brief chasm of seven hundred feet which dividedthem and perch thereafter at the lady's window.On the following day he conceived the idea of clim- bing out on the broad ledge of the window at thethirty-ninth floor and hurling paper messages carefullyfolded so as to dart accurately through the air to herwindow. She followed his movements fondly. But allof them missed her precisely. One came so near thatshe made a low dive for it leaning out so perilouslythat she with great difficulty prevented herself fromtoppling below to a horrid destruction and was comple- tely unsuccessful in saving her profuse golden hairfrom tumbling down all about her even to the floorbelow.In his mortification Mr. Parrish howled „I LOVE YOU."Still she did not hear. But some scapegrace on thefloor right above him did and sent a shower of tele- graph-ribbons down about his ears. They went dancingand pirouetting in the bright sunlight between thetwo towering buildings for many minutes. Mr. Parrishwithdrew chastened and thwarted.He spent thereafter whole afternoons in a fruitlessquest which he had undertaken after measuring care- fully the possible location of the lady's floor. He hadentered every office which faced his window from thethirty-seventh to the forty-first floor of the Bankers'Insurance Building. He had assured himself with anabsent air that she was not in the room while beggingpardon for his error. He had not found her. He wasnot to find her. Yet from the building opposite hershe could see her so plainly.On one brown misty day he leaned out in the archof the window at the thirty-ninth floor and looked at her with wistful chagrin. After considering all thebarriers the hazards which parted them he had agreedto yield her regretfully but gallantly.She saw him and smiled in the curious obscene mannerwhich always took such violent effect upon him. Hisheart went unnaturally at this. She leaned out andthrew a weighted paper missile at him. It landeddirectly at his feet. Even as his breath left him hegrabbed it up and unfolded it.„MY NAME IS KATY"She was smiling at him coyly now as his eyes staredat her with a completely blank expression. He wasfound later quite cold crumpled up against the coolmarble wall of the little white chamber.# ARTICLES DE SPORT PHILIPPE SOUPAULT Courageux comme un timbre posteil alllait son cheminen tapant doucement dans ses mainspour compter ses passon coeur rouge comme un sanglier»frappait frappaitcomme un papillon rose et vertDe temps en tempsil plantait un petit drapeau de satinQuand il eut beaucoup marcheil s'assit pour se reposeret s'endormitMais depuis ce jour il y a beaucoup de nuages dans[le cielbeaucoup d'oiseaux dans les arbreset beaucoup de sel dans la merII y a encore beaucoup d'autres choses POEM MALCOLM COWLEY Meanwhile I observed him from a gableto run along- the street violently for they were thir- teen and shout like maybe a siren 1 must tell Mr BruceI must tell Mr Robert Bruce I must tell Mr Robert Bruceby five o'clock for they were thirteen at tablethus shouting as the clocks tolled five one clock ap- ing another and he solely human amid the geometry ofhouses wailed Too late too late for Babylon is fallingfalling in flat brick walls folding against the streetlike painted sets which after the orchestral triumphof the fourth act come sprawlingI have watched crumbs of brick descend like fragmentsof untidymanna on the tablecloth at which the butler enteredwith basketfired japan in an earthenware pot concealedby a cosy and fishcakes blossoming around it by whichtoken also I knew that it was Friday alas was Friday CITIES II WILL BRAY Though the walls were all of concrete I could bya simple pressure of my foot upon the leverannihilate the tender mechanism which sustained them— though the passersby wore powdered smiles oneword from my tongue and they would kill me — thoughthe signs read This Way the crowds ran That Way —as I followed a crowd I perceived two men withRubber Heels were following me — as I had foretold— as I stepped off a car — as hellhounds after me— but an arched door with the legend 57 opened forme yet nearly snipped off their noses for themThus was I welcomed — thus were my feet bathedmy body laved in vinegar and ointed with frankincensemusk myrrh and other perfumes of Arabia — nude Iwas carried into the high immense illuminated hall ofperfect acoustics and placed alone upon the pros- cenium — from his towering pulpit the conductorsignalled the myriadfold orchestra of bearded men toresume the rehearsal — from the galleries and fromscaffolds descended the python instruments menacing— I understood — I was to be judge and defendantvivisected and surgeon at once — the ambrosialsymphony assailed me gently passing as a slow feverfrom my five senses through sympathetic wires to aphonetic recorderO culmination of the meridian o fountainhead oftonalities sepulchral cadences dulcet incantations —at the second movement three bassoons exploded andthree oboists expired the foam frothing at their beards— at the third the casualties it grieves us to relateincluded one cymbal a flutist four violins and a piccolo— it was at a difficult adagio in Lydian measuresthat the conductor collapsed over the rail of his stand— among the first to reach him were the cellists whotearing open his white shirtfront revealed the breastsof a woman — at this point the two men enteredstealthily by a firedoor of th 6th gallery — I observedthem however and with admirable presence of mindstepped full force on the lever ARP THE TRAPDRUMMER HANS ARP 1 The black syllables and the half-split nonpareil typefall asunder out of the ill assembled staves of thesidereal cask, the kindling in the flagpole is extinguished,at the call cordon s. v. p. the fourcornered catastrophecame sprawling out of the nostrils of the flowers, atonce the men about town heated up their centaursand went riding on ballbearings about the Venuschamber.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.Righteously did the maggot covered servant whocomplained ah so grievously of his dwarf sicknessduring the tidying up of the catacomb ask where theclear tumult the saintly repose and that fugitive windhad gone to rest, small moon shaped boats brimmingwith masks rolled along on pronged wheels, frompurple mouths hung the empty honeycombs of theangels.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.From the 10th year of a life to the 11th hour ofthe morning is a long time yet not long enough fora hungry family to scrape some money together, thefirst father dances howling about the world, he. hasfleet squirrels bound to his soles, from his eyes hangsthe wreath of welcome, manu propria he chases thebuck from the environs of his spouse, and to whileaway the dark hours kicks the teaballs of his masculinefellow travelers.So much for today since it is already tomorrow and1 must fare on everlastingly.And finally faithful and seemly portrait busts of Arpwere struck and distributed among the people. 2 At our will the armada is defeated for the hundredthtime, the drowned men with glowing buoys in their mouths and lampshades on their heads entrain withthe nebula of their rapture the the bowelship and thescuttlefish. the soles of the wandering- water heroesgo plopping about, the bedevilled hag on the afterbranch is part and parcel of the mechanism ofthe sea.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.An artloving puissant and highhanded king donatesthe first vase, it has six rubber breasts aligned oneabove the other like buttons, her adam's apple bringsthe coloratura to well merited fame, the vase is agigantic boneless snow tent and like all nice peoplehas a handle on both sides.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.The woman's club called motley sets the wind movingby calisthenics, the cement tongues lick the walkingstick the minnesingers the jewish paperweights thebuonarotti thorns the prompter's box full of interiorcities the soft perjuries the shoes out of whichstinking flesh grows and the summer bills. 3 Watches are set at midnight, out of the heavens fullof angry tongues fall the prize waterfalls, the littleskeletons in black livery hover over the manicuredcrucifixion and swing the retorts with aqua fortis. inthe viper conservatory rails are laid upon which blubberycourtesans and celestial curbstones are carted in.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.The cuckoo flies off with the clock on its back, thelocomotives stroke their military moustaches, the flowerslie steaming on the wharves.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.The first cuttlefish bone sees the light of the day.the people embrace each other and shout zivio longsfor internal peace and leggings with salad, the firstprophet steps forth and spans a hundred years of light. since through a rare piece of foresight he is twodimensional he can by a slight twist withdraw hisfacade with perfect control thus revealing himself as aperfidious son of daaa. he tells the immutable lawson the buttons of his coat, it is perfectly in accordancewith official procedure to become any people, his pro- visions against iron necessity are old smaritan fossils,with the aid of a sextant he cuts a savoury slice ofvenison from the behind of the friendly lady nearby,also at the appearance of the prophet the peopleembrace each other weep and put out street lamps.So much for today since it is already tomorrow andI must fare on everlastingly.The black liveries sink into the structure of the worldand completely conceal the furniture wagons loadedwith Nurnberger timekeepers the retinas of the coinsthe surtaxes in the zither boxes the auctioned snowmenwith the frightfully rolling unripe green eyes in theirforeheads the Teluric foolscaps the unbridled roes theplants in the Burgundian shirts manufactured in thetropics out of rubber the freshly washed namby pambysky the eager mob wearing turbans of tuffstone andthey hide these said i with veils from the hullaballooof the world, groaning the door of the dadahousefalls shut. (Translated from the German by M. J.) FIRST PASTORAL KENNETH BURKE. I Is the Divine present to a degree, so that onecould speak of It as either more or less present? Ormust this Divine be either present or absent? To theeye of an athlete the sun is gloriously brilliant, whilean old man with failing sight may see it as a dull,sullen glow behind a mist. Is it that way with theDivine ? Or is the Divine like some figure of a floweror animal in the clouds, which one man sees and an- other does not see, while there are no possible gra- dations between the seeing and the non-seeing? Thequestion is not at all impious; for to ask whether theDivine must be either present or absent does not im- ply a limitation of the Infinite Being, even though theword „must" has been used in the statement of thequestion. For this „must" refers not to the Divine, buttoman, with his limited orifices of penetration. Ob- viously, God is universally present, and we can speakof His absence only from the standpoint of man's fai- lure to distinguish Him.Grant, first, that the Divine must be either pre- sent or absent, with no intermediate gradations. Whichmeans that a man either lives with God, or does not.If he lives in the understanding of God, of what useto him are the mere functions of Churchly worship?Further, if the Divine must be either present or ab- sent, then it follows inexorably that It can only beabsent, for otherwise we should have an Infinite Beingunderstood by a finite being, which is absurd.Granting the antithetical proposition: The Divinecan be either more or less present. In this way theworld would become hieraticized after the manner ofa pyramid, with the countless hordes of ignorant butfaithful followers of the Church forming the broader,heavily weighted base, while as we went upwards witha decreasing proportion of mass the Christians cor- responding to these higher positions would have a clearer understanding; and at the very top wouldcluster the body of martyrs, crowned by Jesus. Theentire construction would be the glorious edifice ofthat combined movig and yvcooig which marks all thosewho have remained untorn by schism; while the drysands, swirling in the wind, tossed about withoutmeaning and without incorporation into this stablestructure . . . these sands, obviously, would be thepagans, the heretics, and the like.A stirring tope. But the difficulty enters when weexamine further just what this „greater or lesser pre- sence" involves in the way of conduct. Would wenot, for instance, be drawn dangerously near to someof the neo-Platonist errors? For if the Divine is pre- sent to a greater or lesser degree, the worshippermust serve in accordance with the abundance or mea- gerness of his light. This leads us towards a generalsynthesis of religions, for if God is present in degree,then He is present in the religion of the most im- pious pagan, but present so faintly that the entiresystem of worship is distorted from the true worshipof the Church beyond recognition. It is far removed,but exists nevertheless, just as the echoes of theWords of God when He commanded „Let there beLight" are still trembling in the air, becoming fainterand fainter, even more faint as our thoughts are uponthem, but bounding on eternally. That peculiar „rustleof silence" which we hear in a perfect calm is theaccumulation of just such infinitely faint noises, piledup from the first crack of creation. But the point tobe emphasized was that if we grant the greater orlesser presence of the Divine, we must recognize thepagan as worshipping the True God, but in his ownignorant manner.How, then, should we go about it to bring suchpeople into the Realm of Jesus ? By letting themworship in their own manner, once their provinces areunder the temporal jurisdiction of the Pope. Theywould thus be looked upon not as pagans, but as theweakest members of the True Church, and much nea- rer to the lowest Christian than this lowest Christian is to a saint. But obviously, such a line of reasoningwould bring us close to the subversive teachings ofPlotinus and Porphyry. Yet as we have seen, theopposing doctrine leads to just as unholy an attitudetowards the Church. What then is the conclusion tobe drawn? It is: Let man always distrust any ratio- cination which does not follow hand in hand with theWord of God at every step. That true understandingis not in yvcboig but in moTig. Or rather, that stiotigis yvcboig.The greater the cogency with which the brain couldmake the Church seem wrong, the greater was theproof thereby that the soul had become infected. AndBrother Angelik's deep learning in theological subtle- ties made him perfectly aware of what turpitudes lo- gic without love might involve. Still, he had indu- bitably been enthralled for a time by the heavy bondsof his antitheses. And as he lifted his head now todeliver a short prayer of thankfulness to his Maker —Who had guided him so securely out of this intricacyof the Devil — he observed that in his anguish hehad wandered far beyond the walls of the monastery!Here was Hell's mockery. Angelik had thoughtthat this bejewelling of heresy marked out the natureof his struggle against Evil, while all this jingling ofwords had in reality been a mere subterfuge, a lureto reproduce the breaking of his vows, since he hadstepped out into the world, beyond the pale of hisseclusion, beyond the point stipulated in his solemnoath.While, further, Brother Angelik had come upon theshepherd John and the shepherdess Jocasta. This Johnhaving slipped his hands against Jocasta's flesh, thetwo of them were now lying earnestly interlocked uponthe sod. If prayers possessed the properties of mass andweight, and their density under ordinary temperatureswere that of a thick, sluggish fluid, prayers then wouldhave nosed quietly down the corridors of the monastery,oozed through the cracks of the massive, ill-fitting doors, and perhaps even set the statue of the Virgin tocirculating- on its side by the altar. Again, a blackness,obviously symbolic, of heavy clouds had gatheredover the sky; and having gathered, these clouds laythere like a threat. In the late afternoon the clouds .were split to expose a sun which was already parteaten by the shadow of the moon, and which droppedbelow the horizon in full shadow. Thus, without twilight,midnight followed on the heels of day, while the stormbroke, slashing and stumbling in the dark, and rockingthe monastery like a ship.The forces of sin silently multiplied, filling his brainwith their progeny after the manner of vipers. Whenthe she is in heat, her gaping, filthy maw is turnedto the male. He inserts his three-tongued head intothe jaws of his woman, buries it avidly even to theeyes, and projects into her, by the junction of theirmouths, his procreative venom. Maddened by herpleasures, the wife then slays her lover by rippingopen his throat with her teeth; while as he perishes,she drinks in his spittle. Thus, the father is consumedduring the excesses, but the sperm of his spittle stillremains to destroy the mother. For later, when theseed has aged, small objects begin wriggling in herwarm insides, slashing and beating against the womb.She realizes now what her sex entails and bemoansher wretched husband's offspring, which are destinedto murder in turn, and are already tearing at thebarriers which enclose them. Until, since there is nochannel whereby the young can be born, they splitthe agonized bowels with their struggles, and thebelly is rent to provide an exit. The little snakeslick the body which bore them, a generation of orphanseven at birth, since they had hardly seen the daybefore their miserable mother was dead.*Nocte surgentes, vigilemus omnes; let us all leapup in the night, and wait! But not for a fleshly love.For some austere sign, rather, which will be foundlying across the sky like a comet. Charmed thesis and antithesis of love, of that higher love. And in despairhe prayed, loudly and disagreeably, complaining,defying, hemming and hawing with his temptations,his moans echoing down the corridors, and buzzingwith the storm in the ears of his Brothers, who listenedin the darkness and understood that Angelik wasstruggling for his Faith.Let me hold in my arms Salvation.Let me lie between the breasts of the True Church.Let me speak and in turn be spoken unto.Let the belly tremble at the touch of my hand on[the door.Dilectus meus mihi, et ego illi!One unto the other, and that other unto the first.Moving among the lilies, while the day dawns, and[the shadows lean.Thy dugs are richer than wine.He crawled to the statue of the Virgin, andtouched the stiff marble folds of her garments. Anothervoice near him piped up in prayer. Then his fingersfell away, and he was ashamed. „0 gloriosa virginum,benedicat te Deus et sanctum ventrem tuum." . . . Hesneaked back to his cell.„Lord, my God, help me, for I am weak. A sign,oh Lord! Show me that I am not alone." Then BrotherAngelik became peaceful. He was contracting businesswith his Lord. „Tonight it is storming. Let it stormtomorrow, and I shall remain with my Brothers. Butif there is sun, I shall know that Thou hast forsakenme." Now, as it had been written before the worldwas assembled out of Chaos, the sun shone unusuallybright the following morning, and looking across thehills, Brother Angelik saw that everything was as calmand pure as a mirror. * Prudentius, Hamartigenia, lines 585—607. II. It was dawn, although the sun had not yet risen . . .full day, without the sun, as though the world were lit by a calm but thorough Logic. The hills lay aboutwith a dogmatic distinctness. Every pebble possessedits contour, every grass-blade its line of demarcation.Or, when some group was too far off to necessitatea definition of its individual components, it in turnformed a unit of itself; in just this way, for instance,a small patch of timber extended like a pronouncedellipse on the bias against one of the farther hills.Sky, cloud, earth, and the things on the earth . . .all this was differentiated categorically.Brother Angelik wandered over the hills as theshepherd of John's sheep, John having been persuadedto visit a sister in Padua. And when Angelik had ledhis sheep to where Jocasta's were already grazing, hecalled out to her, „Hast thou an apple, shepherdess?"„Ha, we maidens have many things, shepherd, but- not an apple."„That is an ill omen."„And why, Shepherd, is it ill that 1 should nothave an apple?"„Because then thou shalt have to give me a kiss."„And why, shepherd, must I give thee anything?"~Because I am going to wager with thee that Ican tell thee thy name, and I must win something formy wager."„But my name is Jocasta; I need lose neitherapples nor kisses to be told that."„And I, Jocasta, am the apple-less, unkissed Theo- doce. So now we know each other, and our sheephave already made friends without this banter, and ifthou wilt sit here beside me I shall tell thee a story." ~Tell me, then, the story of how Theodoce comesof be tending John's sheep."„Ho, that is a homely story. I should rather tellto how Zeus gained entrance to Leda as a swan. Orperhaps thou hast already been told that story bysome shepherd?"„Where dost thou come from, Theodoce?"„From Padua."„Then I must believe that the shepherdesses ofPadua love stories more than virtue."„In truth! The girls of Padua do not put them- selves above the gods. And if Zeus could invent suchescapades, the shepherdesses of Padua are not toovirtuous to hear of them."„Well said, Theodoce. And I, as a reward, shallhear thy story. But first, thou must tell me why thatstory of all stories, has been chosen."~Because I had hoped that perhaps I, by changingmyself into a slave, just as Zeus changed himself intoa swan, might gain admission to the bosom of somelovely shepherdess."„Beware, Theodoce, lest thy incantations fall amiss,and thou turnest thyself into an ass."„I have no fear, Jocasta. Indeed, I am quite willingto become an ass, if that is the road to charming awoman."„Ah, thou hast a barbed tongue, and I shall leavethee."„No, thou wilt pick them up and carry them awayfrom me like precious baubles? Lips, breasts, shoul- ders, thighs, in short all those lovely parts of woman ?Stay, Jocasta, and let me at least ravish thee withmine eyes.'4„That is an undressing- which all maidens mustsuffer; thine eyes attempt not my virtue but thineown; so I shall stay, and be looked upon."~And be spoken unto."„Such things are so much polish, that virtue mayshine the better."~Virtue! I think my hearing is better this morning,Jocasta, than it has been."„And why is that, Theodoce?"„Because yesterday, when I was by here, I heardthee say no such word to John. Tra-la, leave thosecolors to the sunrise! And we will dismiss that, Jo- casta, if thou answerest me these questions. First,dost thou grant that we should strive after happiness?"„Yes, Theodoce."„And that, therefore, any moment which could bemade happier, and is not, is a waste of that moment?"„Yes, Theodoce."„And dost thou further grant that there is morehappiness in the marriage of a shepherd and shep- herdess than when they remain unjoined?" (BrotherAngelik was aware that here he was confusing thetwo ideas of happiness und pleasure, but that thisignorant girl would not perceive the sophism.).„Yes, Theodoce. Since thine eyes yesterday weresharper than thy ears, yes." „Then Jocasta, I have conquered thee, for here isa moment which could be made happier, and is not!"„Thou art very learned, Theodoce."„Ah, but thou hast armed thy virtue with words,and even if I lay low the words, the virtue still re- mains to be stormed. But see, Jocasta, while we havewrangling here, how easily our flocks have interming- led! Finding convenient pasturage in the same place,they have all gone there without question. Or notethe slight jerk of the sheep's head, effected while thegrass is firmly held between the theeth, and servingto rip the blade and its stock a sunder. If I shoulddraw a sheep, I should draw its legs to establish thelaws whereby, if one leg rests at a given point andforms a given angle with a line drawn horizontallyto that point, the other three legs, by the reason ofa sheep's balance, would be at three other pre-deter- mined points, the whole presenting a rigid relation- ship. But all this is foreign to the sheep, which, fin- ding the grass of interest, grazes upon it. Ah, wouldthat 1 could wander thus over Jocasta's knolls andhillocks!"„Thou art a poet, Theodoce, and poets can singjust as well unto themselves."Jocasta ran suddenly into the thicket, and wouldnot appear even though Angelik threatened to killhimself. Finding a dagger on the ground, he plungedit into his breast, and fell with his heart against thesod. The blood from the heart soaked into the grass,trickling still warm through the cool pebbles beneath.What was it seeking, that it worked so swiftly amongthem? For it went with unmistakable haste. As itfiltered, the impure red passed into the lonely pebb- les ; until as clear water it trickled between slabs ofbedrock, and mingled with little pools that lay downhere in the darkness. Then in elation, this pure waterof Angelik leapt steadily towards the sunlight, and Jocasta, who had come there to drink, drank of himand murmured, „How thirsty I had been!" As an interesting parallel it might be well to addthat the day of Brother Angelik's death was the sameas that on which Paulus Thessalonicus, then residingat Alexandria, wrote what was considered among hisfriends to be his most successful epigram. Translated,it runs:%Lamp, when there is a faint shuffling of sandals out- side my door,And the odour of unguents and perfumesCalls me like a blare of trumpets, so that IArise hastily from my table ... go out, lamp.For tonight 1 shall be laying aside my textTo become the grammarian of sweet Amyctis' body. MR. BLUNDERBUSS M.J. THE EDITORS. M.J. The sinister forces in American letters rear them- selves again in the triple-columned pages of VanityFair, that bustling, enterprising, oh too worldy-wisemagazine of the modes. How far afield she goes inthe effort to keep abreast of the hurried times, topurvey the last shudder to my Aunt Ruth as lays shethe June issue on the table of the immaculate living- room of her subsuburban home.Little as she knows of Villon, she will learn throughthe oracular medium of Mr. Paul Rosenfeld that Guil- laume Apollinaire was the Villon of our age; that heate „ravioli", frequented cafes, „walked down a streetin Auteuil," and yet was the self-same man, „who satbefore a writing table moulding words into poems andspinning fanciful and witty tales." But, not only isApollinaire a poet of „delicate wit," he is the arch- bohemian of the 20th century; his verses are likenedto those of Heine, let alone Verlaine. Who is there togainsay such mis-representations? With Rosenfeld andVanity Fair bent on „selling" the leading poet of ageneration in France, Apollinaire becomes chic, dashing,buccaneering.Here is, then, American criticism such as we havehad it now for many a day in our leading journals.Mr. Rosenfeld — let us out with our supicions — is themost flagrant and barbarous type, since Huneker. Giventhe temperament of a violinist facing an emotionalaudience, everything becomes rosy, disheveled, senti- mental. His voice is choked with tears and sobs as herises to the fortissimoes of his fine frenzies. The sense ofhumour is as lacking as the sense for detail, precision,analysis. This rapturous stuff has passed for criticism, sir!It has gone too far. It is too outrageous. I have alwaysbeen slightly hysterical on this subject; but I cannothave Apollinaire spoiled for me by such heavy-handedscoundrels, or the vices for which we have perforceforgiven him dragged out and magnified as his virtues.The evil is so grievous, the impetus for such heedlessrhapsody has so long been pampered in America thatit will need a determined hostility to silence and dis- credit such malefactors. A cold ear will not merelysuffice; there must be plenty of cold water! Beginning- with the fourth number Kenneth Burkebecomes a co-editor of SECESSION. Responsibilityfor the contents of SECESSION can thereafter beascribed to a majority decision on the part of theeditorial staff, which will consist of Kenneth Burke,Matthew Josephson and Gorham B. Munson. Miss Jane Heap, redoubtable polemicist, takesSECESSION to task in the Spring issue of the LittleReview, despite the fact that the LR. was referred toin the second number as „the real leader, the mostprovocative of our art reviews." This in spite of theapparent unwillingness of the editore of the LittleReview to arm themselves with precise informationon the subjects they discuss. Choose for instance anyof the art criticisms of Margaret Anderson. Or in thispretty piece of abuse by the Jane Heep (Heap?), theimplication that SECESSION is dominated by a Harvardgroup. In fact, of the three male editors of Secession,none was graduated from Harvard University, nonewas a member of a college fraternity, and one failedto be graduated from Columbia College. How infantilethiswat college did you go to? On sen fout. Suchmis-statements are typical of the LR. The Little Reviewis not a review; it is a state of mind. And if one examines closely the magazines of pro- nounced „modern" tastes, one finds much to conjurewith. Vanity Fair in the July number contains an article by Tristan Tzara called „Some Memoirs ofDadaism" which begins with a curious opening- para- graph wherein Dadaism is called „a set of wild prac- tical jokes v/hich burlesqued in their violenceand absurdity, the absurdity and violence of the lifearound them a carnival of nonsense . .These generalities, which furnished an efficient news- paper lead" for an otherwise precise and informativehistorical essay were so amazingly at variance withany of the professions of Tzara and the Dadaists thatit was not at all surprising to learn from Tazara him- self that he had not written the opening paragraph ofthe article, did not know who or why had written it,and found it completely unjust and misleading. Partsof his article were omitted entirely, also in accordancewith journalistic exigencies. Heavens what ruffians! Tohave culture disseminated in America by such butche- rish wholesalish hands! And there was an article onmusic by the modern French composer Georges Auricwhich I was afraid to read because I suspec- ted that the manuscript may have been tampered withor distorted in the translation. Beside, 1 am fond ofAuric's music, and 1 defy you to find a musician whocan write intelligently about music or anything elsefor that matter. O the bitter necessities ! „Hope", the story by Waldo Frank published inthis issue, is part of an episode from CITY BLOCKwhich is to be published privately. By the author him- self. The subscription edition may prove to be ameans of evading the phobia for censoring art thatis spreading in America. Pornography per se hasbecome antiquated and preposterous since Gautier'sMaupin. But the S. P. V. is undeniably the greaterevil and is becoming a more and more formidableinstitution. Waldo Frank writes that during threeweeks of last July a bookseller was fined $1000 forselling copies of Bocaccio and Rabelais; a publisher was arrested, and all copies were confiscated ofSchnitzler's „Casanova's Homecoming," Lawrence's„Women in Love," and „A Young Girl's Diary" (anauthentic document which is of high import psycholo- gically). It is clear that a determined and organizedeffort must be made against the institution of thecensorship. Mere indignation will not suffice. Apractical plan must be elaborated to invoke thesympathy of the supposedly freedom-loving Americanpeople, through publicity propaganda, throughadvertisements, through the cinema. The censorship istwo-edged: it prohibits people from enjoying artisticliterary masterpieces such as the Decameron; and onthe other hand makes martyrs of less gifted and lessimportant writers such as Cabell, D. H. Lawrence,Theodore Dreiser, Arthur Schnitzler and James Joyce.The latter is the most uncomfortable discomfitingaspect of the censorship.The Editors of Secession invite readers to communi- cate to them suggestions or expressions of willingnessto cooperate at some time in the near future in acampaign against the censorship. PASSIONATE SINGER SAINT EDNA MILLAY The day is drab, the day is dark;I hear a sparrow singing. Hark! ARTHUR RIMBAUD „Je revais croisades, voyages de decouvertes donton n'a pas de relations, republique sans histoires,guerres de religion etouffees, revolutions de moeurs,deplacements de races et de continent: je croyaisa tousles enchantements." SECESSIONAN INDEPENDENT MAGAZINE OF MODERNLETTERSPUBLISHED MONTHLYPresents literature which would ordinarily experiencegreat difficulty in finding a hearing among the esta-blished periodicals of America and EuropeCONTRIBUTORSLouis Aragon, Hans Arp, Slater Brown, Will Bray,Kenneth Burke, Malcolm Cowley, Hart Crane,E. E. Cummings, Paul Eluard, Waldo Frank, MatthewJosephson, Gorham B. Munson, Philippe Soupault,Tristan Tzara, William Carlos Williams.SUBSCRIPTIONTERMS ARE VERY FAVORABLE AT ONEDOLLAR FOR SIX ISSUES, OWING TO THELOW COSTS OF PRINTING IN EUROPE.EDITIONS WILL BE OF LIMITED SIZE.ADDRESS PETER K. HURWITZ, SECRETARY1361—46 TH. STREET, BROOKLYN, NEW YORK.NUMBER ONEJUNEDaycoachBottle Found at SeaPeripateticsApollinaireInstant Note BrotherA Bow to the AdventurousMr. AA the AntiphilosopherIn a Cafe1922Malcolm CowleyLouis AragonMatthew JosephsonWill BrayTristan TzaraGorham B. MunsonTristan TzaraWill BrayNUMBER TWOJULYFour PoemsTwo Swans and Play it for me againThe Book of YulMr. AA the AntiphilosopherPlots for PenpushersThe OblateInterstice between Scylla and Charybdis1922E. E. CummingsMalcolm CowleyKenneth BurkeTristan TzaraSlater BrownMatthew JosephsonGorham B. MunsonCSO REBELS AND REACTIONARIESrub shoulders amiably and in perfect harmony inmTHE DOUBLE DEALERPublished at New Orleanswhich prints good writing by youngsters or greybeardsregardless of school, influence, or tradition. It sharesnone of the prejudices of the right wing or the leftwing in contemporary literature, but „deceives themboth by speaking the truth." It prints exhilaratingcreative and critical material by such writers as HartCrane, Djuna Barnes, Louis Gilmore, Carl Van Vechten,Edmund Wilson, Jr., Arthur Symons, Lord Dunsany,Lafcadio Hearn, Maxwell Bodenheim, Paul Eldridge,and half a hundred others.YOU HAVE HEARD OF THE DOUBLE DEALERWhy not see what it is?Single copy, 25 cents. Year's subscription, $ 2.50TRIAL OFFER: FIVE MONTHS, $ 1.00Address: 204Baronne street, New Orleans, La., U. S. A.