The Glebe 1 6 March 1914 naat_1914-03_01 The Glebe 1 6 THE GLEBE ERNA VITEK Alfred Kreymborg cre 1 ERNA VITEK 3 ERNA VITEK Alfred Kreymborg cre 5 ERNA VITEK 7-133 The April issue of THE 137 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 135 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 135 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 136 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 136 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 136 nΣΣΣBΣ VOLUME 1NUMBER 6 MARCH1914 SUBSCRIPTIONThree Dollars YearlyTHIS ISSUE 50 CENTS nΣΣΣBΣ NEW YORKALBERT AND CHARLES BONI96 Fifth Avenue1914 Copyright, 1914byAlbert and Charles Boni ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK Subscription price per year, $3.00 THE GLEBE ERNA VITEK By Alfred Kreymborg ERNA VITEK ERNA VITEK BYAlfred Kreymborg ERNA VITEK I Three young men, the best of friends, a painter,Bainbridge Breen, a writer, Eric Nielsen, and acomposer, John Carstairs, were arguing that three- faced conundrum, morals. Quite an accident hadprovoked them to it: a waitress, Erna Vitek. Frompicking at her they had launched into axiomizing,only to come back to her. Her morals were the vitaltopic of the evening. Carstairs* studio provided themise en scene."Well, we've hit a conclusion at last," said Breenwith an air of comfortable finality. "Carstairs callsher moral, I say she's unmoral, and Nielsen that shemay be moral, unmoral or even both.""Yes!""Now, we've all conceded that Erna's not im- moral—at least she doesn't lead a life inconsistentwith morality?""Yes!""Very well then," Breen concluded contentedly."Now let me make a proposition.""What kind of a proposition?" Nielson quizzed in droll tones and looked at Carstairs, who wasfrowning."There's very little to it. I can dish it out in afew words. It's simply this: that we put Erna tothe test.""What do you mean?" was Carstairs' immediatechallenge."Don't worry!" Breen responded blandly. "I'mnot going to injure the girl.""Well, what did you mean—""Merely this," the painter interrupted quietly. "Idon't believe that any of us know her very well.She's only been working at Landsmann's a fewmonths. Of course, Carstairs, you've taken her outon one or two occasions, so you've had an oppor- tunity of studying her at closer range.""Not of studying her!""You don't study her, certainly. You—er—what would you call it, Nielsen?""Why, John has been burned a little by the di- vine flame."Carstairs blushed angrily. "If you fellows in- tend to be personal-—""Never mind, John," Nielsen cut in. "Youmust allow us the occasional escape of some of oursurplus wind. Now, let's drop these bravado posesand get down to business. I want the rest of the proposition. We know that we're to put Erna tothe test. Now, Breen, tell us how.""There's nothing to explain. I said, put her tothe test. Let each one, in his own way and for him- self, perhaps, pay her attentions—I don't mean,make love to her—but simply, well, let him take herto the theatre or to supper some evening—she's freenights—and find out how close he can get to her—ldon't mean seduction—but that he penetrate hercharacter. Let each, in his own way, learn forhimself, and later we'll compare notes and decidewhether the respected lady has the moral or the un- moral tendency or even whether she might developan—er—""See here, Breen!" Carstairs exploded."Oh, I'd forgotten that we agreed to throw thatout," the painter apologized. "You see, I couldn'thelp thinking of that little affair with the youngprize ring gladiator. What was his name? Allen!""But that was only a temptation," Carstairsfought back."Of course, only a temptation. But we haveonly her word that it never proved more."The composer was ready with a hot retaliationwhen Nielsen interposed: "Now don't let's revertto that topic again, Breen. We can never know thewhole story, and it only annoys John to refer to it. We know that Erna was down and out at the time—she'd just come to Landsmann's, was unsettled andthat sort of thing—that much we know and thatyoung Allen followed her there with an offer ofcash. At least, she intimated something like that toJohn and said it was a case of being good or badthen and there. She chose being good. Even if shehad chosen the other, the transaction might havebeen an unmoral and not an immoral one, for shewas fond of Allen.""But—""Now never mind, Breen! We've threshed thatout often enough. Erna didn't flop—in fact, sheshowed Mr. Allen the door, hasn't seen him since1 )) *and—"But we have only her word for all that stuff.""All right. There's no other to contradict."Breen, although silenced, was busy reflecting;Carstairs' ire was appeased. Nielsen concluded:"Let's take up Breen's proposition, John, each inhis own way, whatever that may be, and then we'llcompare notes some day and settle the business.After all, Erna's only a waitress; we needn't spendmore than an ordinary amount of excitement overher.""But she isn't a waitress. I tell you, she's awoman." "All right, woman let her be," Nielsen concededgracefully. "Now, we don't want to sit here throw- ing words and phrases around all evening. We'vebeen at it too long as it is. Why not put the matterto a vote and then drop it?""Yes.""Breen, of course, votes that we put her to thetest. Will you vote that way too?"Carstairs gave in with an effort."Fine!" Nielsen applauded. "I'll vote 4yes'too." ."Motion proposed and carried that one ErnaVitek, employed as waitress at the Cafe Lands- mann—""That'll do, Breen. We' ve had enough of youreloquence for one evening. You've given me aheadache. Besides, I'm sick of this subject. Let'sstart something else."Breen laughed his ever-ready, self-satisfied laugh,and Nielsen, and even Carstairs, joined him. Pres- ently, the studio slept the sleep of the unperturbed.Carefully, Breen filled his pipe and began a deliber- ate puffing, while Nielsen introduced some newanecdote in his droll, even-tempered way. Carstairs,on the other hand, was meditating gloomily: in anhour or so he would be due at that damnable hole,the Phoenix Music Hall—where he earned his bread playing accompaniments. A second thoughtcheered him not a little. He would still have timeto eat his supper at Landsmann's. II "Erna! What is the matter with you? Anothercup of coffee for Mr. Nolan!""I know it. I ordered it an hour ago."The stocky, middle-aged, stolid-faced Germanstared at the handsome sensual girl of twenty, mut- tered something, as she returned his critical starewith a defiant one, and passed out of the kitchen intothe store."What is the matter with Erna to-day?" he de- manded of his stocky, middle-aged, stolid-facedwife, who stood behind the counter waiting oncustomers."Why?""This is the third time she has been schnautzing99me."Oh, she has something on her mind," was thewoman's unconcerned reply.The storekeeper was not satisfied. "That fellowmust be to blame," he said."Who?""That Allen! He's been coming here again.""Has he?" the woman returned with the sameunconcern. "Let him come. What do you care?" Erna Vitek was in a morose humor. Her pugna- cious nose seemed more pugnacious than ever, andeven her mouth, usually so soft and yielding, ap- peared hard this morning. And her brown eyes,which could give you gentle glances one day andrepelling ones the next, were filled with ominoussigns. There was a good reason. She had justoverheard the other waitresses exchanging remarksabout her. This would not have been so bad if theirtalk had been without foundation. But it was true:she had been glad to see Jimmy Allen yesterdaynoon and evening, when he came in—after an ab- sence of three months. He had stopped drinking.He had been living and training in the country, sothat the old color had returned to his face and theold light to his eyes. He looked stronger than ever,more energetic and happier. Yes, he was to beginfighting again—next week—but that had never beenhis worst fault. The girls said that she still "likedhim" or that she would "like him again." Thiswould not have been so bad if—Gretchen and Mollie were small, mean, dirty.They were always gossipping about her. And shehad given them her old dresses, old hats, encourage- ment, advice. What a lot of gratitude women felt/toward you!Her face cleared. A laughing, splendidly built young fellow was making his way through the store,returning salutations. He stopped in the kitchenlong enough to barter laughing glances with Ernaand passed down the two steps into the dining-room:a small low one containing six tables—Erna's em- pire. There, he received more greetings and one ortwo short tributes on his return to the public eye.The young athlete pulled off his coat and cap andhung them on the wall. He flung himself into achair at an empty table and was soon at his ease.Erna was a shrewd girl. She did not come totake his order at once. First, she served anotherpatron. Then, she cleared away some dishes.Finally, she came to Jimmy's table, but with a care- less air.He gave her a frank look. "How's the girl?"was his familiar greeting."Pretty fair!" she responded in cool tones. "Howare you?""Bully!""What do you want?" she went on indifferently."Gimme time to breathe!" he protested, and triedto stare into her face and to take her hand."Stop!" she warned him and drew back."Why, what the deuce—""Customers are waitin'—" she cut him short.He gave the bill of fare a contemptuous glance. "Bring me a soft boiled egg, toast an* a glass o'milk.*'She looked at him with sudden irritation, butsmiled, turned her back and left the room withaggravating slowness.Jimmy appeared angry, but one of the patronsdisturbed his mood with an admiring: "On a diet,Jimmy?""Yes.""What night does it come off?""Next Tuesday.""How do you feel?"Jimmy expanded his chest, gave himself a solidpunch and answered: "Great! Harder than arock!""Feel sorry for 'the Kid.' How long are yougoin' to let him stay?""Oh, part o' the second," was Jimmy's laughingassurance.A sigh of pleasure and envy escaped the patrons.And they quickly announced their intention to bepresent at the joyous butchery.Erna came back. She pretended to wipe off theneighboring table. Pretty soon, however, she wasat Jimmy's side."What's the grouch?" he asked confidentially."Nothin'." "Still sore at me?""No.""Sore at somebody else?""No."He looked up at her anxiously, but Erna smiled;her eyes softened and winked slyly. Jimmy,who was always willing to laugh, laughed again."You' re still the kiddo," he whispered.Erna blushed and moved away."Erna!" he called."Wait a moment!"She stayed away about two minutes and then re- turned with Jimmy's order, which was overdue.Three of the patrons, exchanging "so longs!" withthe prize-fighter, went out. Two remained, milk- men, but they were fast asleep.Erna set Jimmy's order before him. He tried tocatch her hand, but she was too quick. An irritablegrunt escaped him."What's the matter?" she taunted him."What's the matter with pouP""Nothin'."But she dropped her glance coquettishly. Hegave her face and figure an admiring look."Erna," he said gently.She looked at him for a shy instant."I say, Erna," he repeated. "Well?""You're not sore?""No."no -v*fSure?"Yes.""You know what I mean?""Sure!"He studied her. "Then why do you treat methis way—now?"She tried bold and bashful glances, turned herhead a little and said enigmatically "Just because.""Just because what?""Just because."He shook his head, but his ever-ready laugh cameto his assistance. "Then you're not sore?""No.""Sure?""Of course.""Even though—""Yes.""Then you like to treat me this way just—"««o »»Sure."Why?""Just because!" she echoed and started to laugh.He gave her an adoring glance and this timecaught her hand. She tried to pull it away, but hisgrip was too powerful. He squeezed her hand. "Don't, don't!" she begged in pain.He let go and smiled. She was not angry. In- stead, she placed her hand on his biceps. He raisedhis forearm and imprisoned her hand. "00-oo!"she sighed in happy homage, and her eyes shone.Once more, he freed her hand. "Well?""Terrible!" she whispered. "What'll happen tothe poor 'Kid'?""Death!" was his jovial rejoinder.He caught her hand once more. "Don't, don't!"she warned him. He let go as before, but she didnot withdraw it immediately.His glance grew bolder and bolder, but he hesi- tated. He busied himself with his breakfast for amoment, shaking salt into his egg and stirring it witha spoon. He looked up and hesitated again. Final- ly, he began: "Then it'll be all right to-night?""To-night?""Yes. You said you'd tell me to-day."«(T 1 »»1 know."It'll be all right?" he pleaded.She eyed him a moment, softened a little andthen gave in: "But where can we go?""We can take in a show," he suggested."A show?""Yes!""Where?" "Oh, Miner's, the Gran' or a movie."She meditated."Hurry up! Here come some customers."She turned her head quickly, and then lookedback at him. "All right," she whispered."Where'll I meet you?" he demanded eagerly."At the old corner—eight o'clock!"He pressed her hand in hurried understanding, asthree young men entered the dining-room. Theywere Breen, Carstairs and Nielsen. Erna passedthem on her way out with a nervous "good-morn- • 9»ing.She stayed out some time. Jimmy ate and drankrapidly, got up, took his check, put on his cap andcoat, and ignoring the newcomers, left the room.Breen and Nielsen had recognized him with amaze- ment. They watched him curiously, but not so Car- stairs. He sat there, staring gloomily at the table. III "Moral or unmoral, but not—" Breen startedand waited for Nielsen to supply the last word.Nielsen, who understood, shook his head and cor- rected: "Moral or unmoral—no more," and smiledconfidently.Carstairs looked from Nielsen to Breen and con- tinued staring at the table."How do you account then for the recrudescenceof our young gladiator?" Breen went on."And what has that to do with Erna's life,present or future?" Nelsen argued amiably."If he's calling again?""Let him call! Dtoes that necessarily affectErna's conduct?""But hasn't it affected her conduct? Didn't younotice it as we came in?""Yes.""Well?"Nielsen wore a thoughtful frown, but smiled mis- chievously and declared: "There was nothing im- moral, as far as I could make out."Breen was gracious enough to agree: "Perhapsnot." They were silent. Carstairs watched themgloomily and then returned to his occupation. Ernacame in, affecting a matter-of-fact air.Breen and Nielsen pressed her with playful greet- ings and compliments. She accepted them as partof the tribute due her each day, but her stereotypedexpression disappeared, and she was ready to takeup her duties as gracious empress. Even her pugna- cious nose appeared less pugnacious. Having rec- ognized the young men's tribute by a favor or two,she criticized genially: "You're late this morning.""Nielsen overslept himself," Breen explained."Don't you believe him—he overslept himself,"Nilsen retorted.Erna was leaning against their table, her armsakimbo. The pair received a glance each, as wastheir due, and then she studied Carstairs. "Maybeit was you, Mr. Carstairs?"He looked up. "Me?""Yes- -maybe it was you that overslept your- self."Carstairs blushed, his friends laughed, and hedenied with a return of good nature: "No. Theywere the ones.""He's not awake yet, Erna," Breen fought back."He doesn't look it," she seconded.The young composer blushed again, but did not defend himself this time. Nielsen eyed him withfriendly concern."Your orders, gentlemen.""What' s your hurry?" Breen complained."You don't suppose I can stand here all day,"she reminded him."But I want to admire you a little," he protested."Who wants to eat in the presence of a—of a—Why, look at the beautiful red ribbon! Is it a newone, Erna?""Yes," and instantly, Erna, always susceptibleto praise or flattery, raised her hands to arrange theribbon."It matches your hair to perfection," Breen pur- sued. "You love color, don't you?"«4O 9 9Sure."Red the most?"(lf&gt; »»sure."Blood, blood red?""Yes.""My favorite color, too!""That'll do," Nielsen interposed. "Don't stealall the crumbs, Breen."Erna laughed."But they belong to me," Breen defended him- self. "Color is my line. Red is my color too." "These grasping conceited painters!" Nielsengrumbled."No," Erna interceded. "If he likes red, helikes red.""* A second Daniel*," quoted Breen. "I thankthee, gracious Lady. Thou and I are of one mindand desire. By the way, Erna! Did you ever wearall red?**"No—oh, yes, two or three years ago.'*44You did? Have you still got the dress?""Oh, rve outgrown it. I'm—I'm stouter now,"and she expanded her chest and laughed again."But you must find it," he continued with growinginterest. 44You could easily alter it to fit, couldn'tyou ? I want you to pose for me. You know you'vepromised me several times. Wouldn't you like to?All in red: red ribbon, red waist, and skirt and evenred slippers, but best of all, red cheeks and red lips!"Erna's pleasure-loving scent was aroused."Will you, Erna?""Sure!""When?""Oh, not to-day."44When then?""Not to-morrow.""Oh, pshaw—when then?""My first afternoon off?" "Fine! When will that be?""Next Monday.""Good! And you'll be ready?""Yes, if you really want me to. But I won't beable—""That's all right," he interrupted. "Come any- how! You'll be immense just the same. You willcreate—""Pooh, pooh, and likewise tut, tut!" Nielsenbroke in. "When are we to hear an end to this?""He's jealous," said Erna."Of course," Nielsen admitted. "To the paintergo all the spoils. No one ever poses for a writer.It wouldn't be proper.""Why?" she challenged.Nielsen got up in a hurry. "What?" he de- manded in mock seriousness."Order, order!" she said roguishly and lookedaway."But—""Order, order!" Breen echoed. "The lady isright. We must have order. Besides, we haven'tordered."Nielsen fell back with a philosophic sigh. "Allis unfair when bad puns make their appearance."It did not take the young men long to make theirchoice of breakfast. Erna went away. "Come back soon!" pleaded Breen."In a wink," she called back.Breen started drumming on the table; Nielsenlooked across at him and hummed a pleasant tune."You' re a clever individual," he observed."Why?""You're not going to have her pose, old Sly Fox.""Certainly not, thou reader of souls.""I thought not.""But I'm only carrying out our program of lastnight. You seem to have forgotten it.""No.""Then why criticize me for being the first one onthe job? It'll be up to you and Carstairs too.""I know," Nielsen agreed jovially."Count me out!" Carstairs interrupted suddenly."The sleeper's awake," Breen applauded. "He'sback from the land of dreams. What news fromArcadia, Colonel?""You can count me out," Carstairs repeatedstubbornly, and would not look at his friends."Why, what's the matter?" Nielsen interposedsympathetically, and raised his hand to forewarnBreen. *"Nothing.""Breen's only been fooling all along!""I know." "Then you're not angry with him, or me?""No.""Then what's the trouble?""I don't like it—I hate it," the young composerwent on with difficulty."What don't you like?""This business!""What, this business of testing Erna?" Nielsenasked gently, and studied him. "John!" The latterrefused to look at him. "It's all in fun. I thoughtyou were satisfied with our arrangement? We areeach to study Erna in our own way, then to com- pare notes to learn whether— You don't have touse Breen's method. 1 don't intend to. You don'thave to either.""I know.""Then there ought to be no complaint.""Count me out anyhow.""Why?"Breen wanted to poke into the argument, butNielsen raised his hand again."She's not a waitress or a—or a working woman—or a table or a chair," Carstairs said with obviousdifficulty.Nielsen understood. He squeezed his neighbor'sarm and declared with his most soothing tone: "She'sa woman, of course—as we concluded last night. Breen and I know that. You feel that we do, don'tv*you?Carstairs, who was in his most sentimental mood,seemed on the verge of tears. "Yes," he managedto agree.Nielsen broke off the subject at once. "Well,we'll talk over the whole business some other time.You're not feeling well this morning. It must beyour work at that confounded moving picture hole.""Yes," Carstairs said doubtfully."Cheer up!" Breen succeeded in interpolating."Forget your troubles in the music world and listento that concert over there. That duet recital, Ishould say."Carstairs smiled."Tristan and Isolde are being undone," Nielsenadded, catching Breen's cue. "Or Salome andJokannan, eh? Away with Wagner and Strauss:Richard the First and Second—what do you say,John?""Yes."The two milkmen, who were sleeping moresoundly than ever, appreciated their listeners' ap- plause. They were indulging in a crescendo."Silence and listen!" Breen warned so solemnlythat Nielsen, and even Carstairs, laughed.Breen and Nielsen exchanged nods. They had accomplished their object. Erna came back withtheir orders."What music have we here?" Breen hailed her.She set their orders on the table, and arrangedtheir plates, knives, forks and spoons. "What didyou say?""What music is this emanating from yon Orpheusand his Eurydice?""Must be some ragtime," she suggested.Breen feigned disappointment."It all depends upon one's taste, you see," Niel- sen interpreted for him.And Carstairs laughed again.Erna eyed him. "Why, he's awake," she said."Yes," B reen and Nielsen assured her.Carstairs raised his head and met her glance foran instant, and the sudden warmth he felt broughtcolor to his face. He looked elsewhere, but it wasplainly evident that he was feeling better."You're sure you're awake now?" she questionedwantonlv."Yes, thanks," he responded gratefully.The young men started eating. Erna attendedto her remaining duties with them and then wentover to another table and sat down. Presently, shewas occupied folding paper napkins. Breen, withNielsen's assistance, opened a discussion on the new- est fad of French painting, examples of which werebeing exhibited at a Fifth Avenue gallery.Carstairs stole cautious glances at Erna. Onceor twice, she raised her eyes and caught his glancein hers. Both looked away in embarrassment. Thisperformance was repeated several times. Thereseemed to be some shy understanding between them.About a half hour later, the young men arose andput on their hats and coats. Erna came over andgave them their checks. "So long, Erna," Niel- sen parted cordially. "Au midi," Breen seconded.And the pair made their way up the steps and outof the dining room.Carstairs had delayed his departure a moment.He approached Erna nervously and in a hurriedvoice, began: "Is it all right for to-night? Youknow, you were going to let me know."She frowned a little and then returned: "Yes—oh no, I can't go out with you to-night."His face became tragic. She, possessed by oneof her soft moods, played the sympathetic: "Willyou be off again this week?""Yes—Sunday night—from seven to nine," heexplained in an eager whisper."Well?" She waited, smiling."Will it be all right then?" he asked, his couragerising. "Yes.""All right—-Sunday—seven o'clock," he whis- pered, hurried out—and forgot his check.She came after him and caught him at the counter,where he had joined his friends."You' ve forgotten your check," she told him,with a bright glance."Oh, yes, thanks," he stammered.Breen and Nielsen stared at him. The triopassed out into the street."Where shall we go?" Breen questioned."Let's bum a while in my room," Nielsen pro- posed."I can't," Carstairs declined."Why not, John?""I want to work a little," Carstairs explained.Breen and Nielsen stared at him again.Somewhat later, the painter and the writer werecomfortably seated in the latter's comfortable work- shop."I guess so, but I hope it isn't true," Nielsen wassaying."Oh, he'll get over it. These attachments of hisare never serious nor of long duration. And at best,she's only a hardened little thing, a fact he'll realizein good season." "John was always much slower to learn mattersthan the rest of us," Nielsen said dreamily."Yes.""He's foolishly sensitive too.""And foolishly sentimental," Breen concluded.There was a pause."And how about your story?" the painter con- tinued."By the way, I'm thinking of using Erna as amodel for—""Want her to pose for you too, old Sly Fox?"Breen demanded in revenge."Of course, and incidentally to find out—""I know," Breen interrupted, and the pairlaughed in mutual admiration.In the meanwhile, John Carstairs was busy—working. He was seated at the small upright piano,which monopolized a good part of the space in hissmall studio. About an hour later, he had finishedimprovising and selecting and arranging his materialand now placed a large sheet of music paper againstthe piano rack. The staves were blank at present,but it was certain that the young composer intendedcovering them as rapidly as possible. First of all,however, he wrote the title of the composition at thehead of the page: To Thee. IV An evening performance was in full swing at thePhoenix Music Hall, a small but well attended fiveand ten cent moving picture and vaudeville estab- lishment on Eighth Avenue, not far from Lands- mann's. At present, the moving pictures were do- ing a turn, and the auditorium was dark. Musicfrom a piano, placed close to the stage, was the onlyaccompaniment, but it was an adequate one. Ayoung, slender, anaemic individual was seated atthe piano.At the moment, he was playing a dainty popularwaltz as a descriptive background for a Frenchcomedy scene. Many a laugh rolled toward him.Then he commenced a two-step, as the screen an- nounced a change of pictures. The audiencelaughed more frequently and with heartier approval,as an American farce romped by. Again, thescreen announced a change.An Irish romance was under way. For this classof sketch, Carstairs was expected to interpolate orto improvise something "sweet and dreamy." There- fore, he took advantage of the opportunity. Heleaned closer to the keyboard, lowered his head and was soon engulfed in what he was rendering—somuch so, that he did not turn to keep in touch withthe pictures, as was his habit. The yearning senti- mental composition had made him captive.Let others talk against Erna, he would still holdfast to his faith in her. Breen was a cynic, andNielsen too. They flattered themselves that theyknew human nature, but they did not, for they werelacking in sympathy. He had been foolish to listento their prattle concerning Erna. He would not doso in the future. In fact, he ought to drop their ac- quaintance or to avoid their company, at least. Hewould do that. Now, he could keep his thoughtof her, so pure, to himself—his thought of her, who,in spite of her fun-loving and prank-playing nature,was as pure as the purest and whitest of— Yes, hewould keep her pure. And Jimmy Allen, well, hehad come back, but his influence over her was dead,dead since the day she had shown him the door, asshe had confided to him that time. He could trusther. She was strong enough and pure enough totake care of herself.This was Friday; to-morrow would be Saturday,and then Sunday, a long, long Sunday, would comeand have to pass before she would be with him. Ofcourse, he would see her tomorrow morning at break- fast, but he must be careful to avoid the cynics. Even so, how could he tell her that he had composedthis for her, this, the best of his compositions, thanksto the circumstance that she had been its inspiration.Perhaps, it would be better not to tell her; it wouldbe a bigger surprise if he were to play it for her andthen offer it to her, as one would a flower or someother symbol.Would he have the courage to ask her to come tohis studio, so that he might play for her? And ifhe had, suppose she should refuse? But she hadaccepted an invitation from Breen, and only to posefor him. Surely, she would not refuse him? Andif she did not, could he actually amuse and hold herattention by merely playing for her? Why not?She sang a great deal in the store,—it is true, pop- ular music, which he hated—but she had not beeneducated to anything higher. That did not makeher any the less musical; moreover, she would learnin time, at his guidance perhaps, since she possessedso much temperament along with that lovely voice.Therefore, she would not object should he offer toplay for her. And he would play as he never hadfor any one, eventually to lead up to this composi- tion, that belonged so naturally to her. Whatwould she say when he would offer it to her as herown? He must push his courage far enough to askher to come to his studio. Carstairs continued playing and dreaming.The audience was very still now. At one endof the front row, a young couple were sitting, hold- ing hands. When the lights were up a while ago,one might have recognized them as Erna Vitek andJimmy Allen. Both were living in the proverbialseventh heaven."Ain't it lovely?" she was whispering."The two boobs in the love story?""Not them so much—but the music!""Pretty good.""Nice an' dreamy, ain't it?""Yes sounds as though the guy was playingfor us."Erna gave him a reproving nudge, and helaughed. They listened and watched in silence.But he grew impatient. "Don't care for the story,do you?""Sure! What's the matter with it?""Them two boobs gimme a pain.""Why?""I dunno.""They're true to life?""So's my dead gran'mother."She laughed. "What's wrong with 'em?"He squeezed her hand as gently as he was able."Where do we come in?" "What?""Ain't we true to life?"She pulled her hand away."What's the matter?" he demanded."Nothin'.""Gimme your—my hand again!""No.""Why not?""Just because."««0 -v»».bore?"No."He was silent.Presently, she commanded: "Jimmy!"No answer.««r* t»»Jimmy!Again, no answer.Her hand slid across his arm and sought his."Mad?""Mm—no."««0 -v»*oure ?"Yes.""Then why wouldn't you answer?""Just because!" he mimicked her.She slapped his hand gently, his hand opened andthey clasped again. There was a pause."Erna," he said in bolder tones."Not so loud!" she warned him. "Well then Erna," he repeated in very lowtones."That's better.""How about it?""About what?""What I asked you 'fore we came here?""I asked you not to repeat that," was her re- proach."I know, but I can't help it. Don't you like ithere?"««o *»Dure."I mean here, side o' me—in the dark?""Yes.""Well—" He hesitated."Well?" she mocked him."Think o' how swell it'd be—""Be careful, Jimmy!""I can't help it," he persisted. "Think o' howswell it'd be—""Jimmy!" she warned him once more."Oh shucks!" he returned aloud, and was silent.There was a longer pause.««T« «»»Jimmy!No answer.««*• •»»Jimmy!Again, no answer.««*• .»»Jimmy! A third time, no answer.She pressed his hand and pushed against hisshoulder, but he would not respond. Erna gave in."I'm sorry—forgive me?""Mm—""Do you forgive me?""Yes.""You don't say it very loud.""Well, you jumped on me before for talkin'loud.""You'd wake the audience," she apologized."Well?" he challenged."Well what?" she retorted."What did you want to say?""Nothin'.""All right!"—and he was silent.* "Ah yes, jimmy," she resigned."Well?""You can go on with—with your story, but—butdon't go too far.""All right.""Promise?""Yes.""Then go ahead."He revolved matters in his blunt mind, and re- commenced: "You remember, I told you 'bout the —the little furnished flat my manager, Nolan, askedme to move in?""Yes?""Well, why couldn't we—just you an* me—"Jimmy!"I know, but I can't help it, Erna. Things isdifferent now. When I asked you that time—well,that's all over now. You an' I's forgotten that. Sowhat's buried's buried. An' times is different now.You've got a job, though it's a punk one. I've gota little money an' more to come, an' I've cut drinkin'.My health's fine an' prospects great. After I finish'the Kid' there'll be Young Walcott—an' afterWalcott, a bunch o' others—""But Jimmy—""Don't butt in!" he begged seriously. "Now,I know you hate that job o' yours—""It ain't all cheese an' honey," she confessed."No, an' it never will be. Now, why can't youpull up stakes—"««?• .»»Jimmy!"Don't butt in!" he begged more seriously. "Thisis different than last time. I'm a—a respectableman now an' you're a respectable woman.""Always have been," she cautioned him."I know," he hastened to admit. "What I'vebeen tryin' to say is: Keep your job a little longer if you want to, till I go on with mine an* get lots o'dough. In the meanwhile—" He stopped."Well?" she ventured, but with an ominous in- flection."I'll rent the little flat off Nolan, an' you an' I99can—li T* iffJimmy!"But I'm askin' you to me this time," heprotested."I know.""Ain't that different?""No.""Why not?""Because it ain't.""Why not?""Because it ain't.""But Erna—""Now listen, Jimmy! You promised not to gotoo far.""Oh shucks!" he broke out.They were silent. He let go her hand and drewaway a short distance. She removed her handrather reluctantly. Once or twice, she pushedagainst his shoulder. But he would not respond.The romantic pictures disappeared, and the musicceased. The lights were turned on. There was asigh throughout the audience. Erna and Jimmy seemed glad of the change as well. A little sooner,they would have been sorry.She glanced his way. He was not looking in herdirection. She nudged him. He still refused toturn his head. "Jimmy," she whispered tenderly.He stole a half glance at her. She was smilingin invitation. He could not help smiling too.44You all right now?" she ventured.He turned toward her, and instantly, his ever- ready laugh dispelled their gloom.44You all right?" she repeated.44Yes," he admitted, and declared: 44Some scrapthat!"44N0, it wasn't," she reassured him and smiledwith revived mischief.Their hands fell back to their natural occupation."Turn out the lights!" Jimmy commanded in soloud a tone that most of their neighbors, as well asErna, giggled.A German comedian made his appearance andoffered the usual monologue. No musical accom- paniment was required for this act; therefore, Car- stairs had disappeared under the stage. He had notseen Erna and Jimmy, nor they him. V Carstairs was waiting at the street corner rendez- vous early the following Sunday evening. Im- patience had kept him company all day, a long day,but the impatience he felt now was even keener. Hehad been ahead of their appointment by abouttwenty minutes, for he was afraid that Erna might bethere first. His vigil was that much the longer andmore trying. What hours it took for minutes topass! Suppose she did not come?The fates, however, were good-humored. Hecould see an athletic figure coming along at afamiliar leisurely pace. It was Erna. His joy andexcitement were such that he could scarcely waitfor her to reach him. What made her walk soslowly ?"Hello/' was her soft cheery greeting.He had avoided the bakery restaurant all day.He could hardly return her salutation, the last ofhis courage having fled."Where—where shall we go?" he questioned."Anywhere," she agreed genially.Now was his opportunity. He must ask her. Ofcourse, they could not walk the streets the whole of his two hours' freedom. Nor could they go to thetheatre so early. Would she sense these arguments?Moreover, they had been to a restaurant for a littlerefreshment and conversation on their two formeroutings. She had not enjoyed those visits particular- ly, reminding her, as they must have, of her dailylife at Landsmann's."It's a little bit too cold," he ventured."Not so very," she returned mischievously, asthey started walking.He was frightened. "But—"She was enjoying his embarrassment, but came tohis assistance with: "Well, where shall we go? It'sup to you. You did the invitin'.""I've got nearly two hours," he explained. "Canyou stay out that long?""I'm off for the rest o' the night," she assured him;"but I ought to be back under the quilt by ten. I'ma bit tired.""Of course, you are," he agreed hurriedly—thiswas another opportunity—"so we mustn't do anywalking. Do you—would you like to come—""Yes.""How would you like to come over to my place?"It was out. What would she say?"Will anybody else be there?""Oh no!" "It's over there on Fourteenth Street somewhere,ain't it?""Yes.""I don't mind," she said.Joy and excitement overwhelmed him. He couldnot speak. And he had imagined all along that itwould be so difficult to induce her to come. He didnot know what to say."Do we cross here?" she suggested."Yes," he said in a low tone.The need of politeness forced itself upon him.Timidly, he took her arm and led her across thestreet. As a matter of fact, it was she, who was somuch stronger and more daring than he, who haddone the leading. They reached the opposite side,and walked along in silence. After a minute or so,they approached an old building."Here it is," he declared nervously and let go herarm.They climbed three smelly flights of stairs, fol- lowed a dark hallway and came to a halt. He tookout his keys and opened a door. "Step in," herequested."You've got the light lit," she announced."Yes, I thought it'd be—""It's awful nice here.""Do you think so?" he questioned eagerly, greatly encouraged. "But it's such a small, dingy place.""Oh no," she maintained. "It's nice an' cosy."Erna walked about, examining articles with herinquisitive eyes. "So this is your piano?""Yes, it's an old box.""No, it's nice lookin'. An' whose picture isthat?""My mother's.""An' that one?""Oh that—that's only—""An old friend?" she assisted him."Yes," he agreed, and his blushes appeared.Fortunately, Erna's back was turned. But sheknew he was blushing, and her face lighted withpleasure. She examined other articles.Carstairs asked quickly: "Won't you take offyour things?"Slowly, she removed her coat and hat, and fixedher hair at a small looking glass. "Men use thesethings too," she observed."Yes, we do," he echoed, and put her things onthe couch, where he likewise laid his own."Sit down," he advised."Over here?""Yes.""Oh, this is a nice soft chair."Carstairs walked about a while. He was so nervous that he did not know what to do. Never- theless, he realized that he must offer to entertainher. At least, he must say something.But Erna spoke first. "What makes you walkaround?""Oh nothing," he returned abruptly, looked aboutin confusion and finally selected the piano stool,which, however, was so close to Erna's chair that hisconfusion grew. The girl, herself, had betrayed alittle embarrassment once or twice, but she had con- quered its last sign. This was perhaps possible be- cause of her enjoyment of Carstairs' rather patheticcondition. Erna loved and craved praise or flattery,and the young composer's substitute for them wascertainly a decided tribute."It's awful nice here," she repeated."I'm glad you think so," he responded gratefully,and glanced toward her, only to look away."It's kind o' restful too."This was an excellent opening."You must be very tired," he declared."A little bit.""You' ve been working all day?""Since six-thirty this morning.""Lord, then you must be tired.""Not so very much," she denied with pride. "Ican stand work." He dared a glance at her strong body and her boldeyes. How splendid she was!"But \)ou must be tired," she continued."Yes,- -no, only a very little.""You ve been workin' all day too.""At the afternoon performance. I didn't getaway until six o'clock."An' you go on to-night?""From nine to eleven, yes," he explained, andfelt ashamed that he was so weary. And she hadbeen working in that stuffy, unhealthy dining roomand kitchen since half-past six and was as cheerfulas ever."You'll be needin' a rest now," she went on."Oh no!" he hastily assured her."Then will you play for me? I never heard youplay, an' I've heard Mr. Breen an' Mr. Nielsen talkso much about you.""They are flatterers," he said, with a self-con- scious laugh. "But if you'd like—if you—wouldyou really like to have me?""Of course."This was his next opportunity, but again, hiscourage would not assist him. What should he play?"Do you really feel like listening?" he began oncemore."Of course—I like music,' ' she argued. There was nothing else to do. He had better startplaying. And Carstairs turned on the stool. "Whatshall I play for you?""Anything at all.""But wouldn't you rather—""Play somethin' you like yourself," she inter- rupted.Carstairs hesitated. He had not had the faintestidea how difficult it would be. Moreover, he couldfeel her soft brown eyes resting on him. And he hadbeen vowing such wonderful deeds of late: that hewould play for her as he never had for any one—that he would play her composition, which belongedso naturally to her. Instead, he could scarcely toucha key.A spirit of self-condemnation took possession ofhim. He must forget himself. She would think hima fool. Besides, she might learn how much he—No,she must not learn that. He commenced improvising.The young composer blundered considerably atfirst, but his self-resentment helped him, and his ef- forts soon displayed more coherence and warmth.Should he open his program with "To Thee"? Whynot? Why wait until later? But she might under- stand. She might catch its significance and then—But how could she know that he had written the composition? It might just as easily belong to someother composer. Yes, he would play it."Are you ready?" he asked with attemptedlevity."Of course, don't stop!" she encouraged him.Carstairs played "To Thee", at first, with timidityand uncertainty, but by and by with more resolutionand consequent expressiveness as his faith in the com- position, as an expression of himself, returned.Gradually, too, he realized how appropriate wasthe mood that flowed through its measures.Erna watched him. A greedy little smile playedabout the corners of her mouth and her nose twitchedslightly. But the corners straightened and her nosestopped twitching.No, he was too soft. His shoulders were so weakand his hands so small and his face so pale—justlike his nature. He belonged to his mother up thereand to that soft pretty face over there. But he wasa nice, decent fellow. And he was lots of fun, hewas so different from other men. But he was sad.She loved joy and freedom. He seemed like a meanlittle prisoner, and he made her feel soft too. But hehad always been decent toward her. Yes, he be- longed to such as his mother and the pretty face.Anyhow, he knew how to play the piano .. . Whata different time she had had last night! Jimmy was such a big, strong, happy fellow. But even he didnot quite satisfy her. Erna sighed just a little.She regained immediate control of herself andstopped studying Carstairs. Instead, she followedthe patterns in the small rug at her feet. Presently,she gave herself up to the music. It was very pretty.It sounded familiar too.Carstairs finished playing."I like that," she said instantly."Do you?" he demanded, wheeling toward her."Yes, it's awful nice," she complimented him.He brightened perceptibly. "Do you reallythink so? Do you really like it?""Of course!"He could not repress his emotion. "Do you—l—what do you think?" he asked with enthusiasm."What?""Do you know who wrote that?""No.""I wrote that," he broke out, and leaned forward."You did?""Yes!""It's awful nice," she repeated.This was not very strong applause, but it wasmore than sufficient for Carstairs, and he grew reck- less. In one moment, he had confessed himself the author of the work, and in the next, such was hispresent rashness, he was about to go much farther."How would you like—" but he stopped, andsmiled in a happy way."What?" she urged him."You're sure you like it?" he repeated."Yes.""Would you like to have it?" he asked with sud- den boldness."What do you mean?""Don't you understand?" he rambled on, andexplained: "Composers, you know, write songs andpiano pieces and orchestral works, and afterwardthey often dedicate them to somebody—to one oftheir friends or—or one of their relatives. Do youunderstand?""Yes.""That's what I want to do," he continued ex- citedly. "I wrote the piece—it's nothing wonderful,but I—l put myself into it and—and you like it—""Yes.""So I'd like to give it to you.""But I don't play," she protested."That isn't the point," he declared. "I'm dedi- cating it to you—that is, your name appears on it:first, the name of the composition, then my name, as composer, and then 'to Miss Erna Vitek.' Do yousee?""Oh yes!""Do you like the idea?""Yes, that's fine.""Great!" he cried."But what's the name o' the piece?" she requestedquietly."Why, I—l gave it a name—but suppose I callit simply: 'A Song'?""Yes.""Sure! That'd be a nice title, wouldn't it?""Yes."His emotions threatened to run over. He wantedto tell her the rest: that, as a matter of fact, she hadbeen the one to inspire the composition—his inspira- tion—but, well, that would be going too far. Shewould be learning too much. But this was the hap- piest day of his life. He had made a long stride,even over the evening when, for a few confidentialminutes, she had confided to him those details of herpast relation with Allen. He must compose manycompositions for her.Carstairs played other music, composition aftercomposition, many of them his own, but all the whilehe waited to hear Erna ask him to repeat her com- position. She did not do so at once, but eventually, bored—to tell the truth—by the incessant flow ofmusic, she made the request. Overjoyed, he re- peated the work, and every measure lingered,breathed and swayed with the mood of its creator.Near the close, Erna succeeded in stifling a yawn.It was after nine o'clock when Carstairs conductedher down the three flights. He would receive areprimand and fine when he reported at the musichall. But what did he care?The young composer did not return to his sanctumuntil eleven thirty. He»quickly lit the gas. At thetheatre, a thought had come to torment him, as hehad rehearsed the evening's doings and joys manytimes over. He went to the piano and took downthe picture of the girl. Presently, he buried it undera heap of odds and ends that littered the drawer ofa bureau, and said to himself for at least the fiftiethtime: "What a careless damned fool I am!" VI It was early the next afternoon. Breen and Niel- sen were arguing in the former's studio: a large un- usually well furnished and attractively decoratedWest Fourteenth Street skylight room."Now, you clear out of here!" Breen was com- manding. "She'll be here right away.""Sure she won't disappoint thee?" Nielsenmocked pleasantly. *"No, I saw her this morning and this noon for amoment, and she intends keeping her royal promise.""How about the rouge garment?""She hasn't had time to alter it.""That won't make any difference, of course,"Nielsen ventured in provoking tones."Go on! Clear out of here!" Breen repeated."You painters!" sang Nielsen, as he backed to- ward the door."We're no worse than you fellows are," Breenretorted. "Besides, this afternoon is no more andno less than an experiment in line with the contractof our triumvirate. Your inning will come, espe- cially as you are writing a story, for which pur- pose—" "I know," Nielsen admitted with cheerful sly- ness. "And I really need Erna to help me with it.""And Carstairs will have to contribute his shareof the contract, unless he persists in that 'count meout* air of his.""Oh, he'll come around, in his own way," wasNielsen's confident assurance. "I saw him thismorning, by the way—the first time I've seen him atLandsmann's in several days.""How is he?""Unusually cheery and affable.""He'll recover from that foolishness.""I think so too, but—""Now, get out!" Breen commanded a third time."You'll be gossipping here forever."Nielsen took hold of the door knob, smiled in anaggravating manner, opened the door, bowed lowand said in a droll tone: "Moral or unmoral,but—?"Breen followed him, but Nielsen escaped, and thepainter slammed the door. His mood changed in- stantly. He bustled around the studio, fixing thisand rearranging that object and eventually lookedabout with satisfaction. He then approached a look- ing glass, readjusted his tie, smoothed his hair withhis hand and otherwise subjected himself to a criticalbut self-satisfied examination, which, however, was cut short by a knock at the door. He hurried overto the door and opened it. "Come in!" he saidcordially and stepped aside for Erna.She was wearing her best clothes, which werevery attractive on her. Unfortunately, the only redin the picture was a profusion of ribbons on her blackhat and a neat tie-—but fortunately, her red cheeksand lips were not missing. Altogether, Erna was aseductive apparition.Certainly, this was Breen's opinion too. "Howcharming you look, your Ladyship!" he exclaimed."Do I?" she retorted, smiling."Oh decidedly, decidedly," and Breen bowed inanticipation of a pleasant afternoon. Bringing all ofhis courtesy to the surface, he helped Erna to re- move her coat. She went over to the looking glass,laughed, cried: "You've got a glass too," and tookoff her hat with careless ease."What do you mean?" demanded Breen, stand- ing behind her and surveying her reflection with openadmiration."Nothin'," she returned rather impudently."A lovely girl that!" he added significantly."Think so?" she challenged."Decidedly," he repeated.She shrugged her shoulders a little and smiled athim in the glass. Breen's interest grew. He tried to put his hands on her shoulders, byway of con- fidence, but Erna turned toward him with a quicksupple movement. Like the accomplished artist shewas, she said nothing, not even byway of reproach,but laughed again. He eyed her with still frankeradmiration."Well?" she questioned."Oh, I know," he said, recollecting his role, andwent on evasively: "But you're not wearing yourred dress or very much red?""What difference does that make? Maybe you'drather have me come some other time?""No, no! You stay right here, now that you'vecome. You'll do just as well in that costume. Thesame Erna Vitek is inside it. But—er—""But what?""I won't attempt a color sketch of you in thatdress. There, there, forgive me—it's very charm- ing, my dear, but— Perhaps, I'll just make a pencilsketch of you to-day. Artists ought to commencewith pencil sketches anyhow, until the characters oftheir subjects have had time to properly enter theirblood, so to speak. Which, of course, is all Greekto you. Do you object, madame?""No, do me any way you like," she consented."Oh, if you feel that way about it," he hintedaudaciously. "Take care!" she warned.Breen went over to the model throne and pre- tended to place the chair for her. He was sorrythat he had had to suggest even a pencil sketch ofher, but he was forced to attempt some part of theiroriginal agreement. What is more, he had prac- tically cast away all thought of "studying" Erna,later to make his report before the triumvirate. Shewas too interesting and magnetic an individual to beused for such a childish purpose. "Come over hereand sit down," he requested calmly.Giving herself an unexpected air of modesty, shecomplied, at the same time adding a prudish touchby fixing her skirt carefully as she sat down. Breenwas puzzled, but drew up a chair, took a pencil andsketch book and seated himself. "I'm going ta drawyou at close range," he apologized. She smiled inencouragement.Breen commenced drawing, very carelessly, it istrue. Erna watched him with innocent eyes. "DoI pose right?" she asked at length."Yes," he assured her.She was silent.A little later, she asked: "Do your models haveto keep quiet?""Not at all! Chatter away!"But she preferred to remain silent. To tell the truth, this was not Erna's first experience as a sitter.She had posed for two or three other artists in thepast: once as Carmen, another time as a madonna,and a third time for some allegorical effort concern- ing Spring. Breen continued to study her for thedrawing. His mind, however, or that region whereinits desires lay, was more busy than his pencil. Tenminutes or so later, he stopped drawing and held thepad off, squinted one eye at Erna, then at the draw- ing and again at Erna."Do you like being winked at?" he asked."Depends upon who's doin' it," she commented."Don't you like me to do it?""I don't know," she replied enigmatically.He got up from his chair and approached her."Bring the picture with you!" she requested.Breen, however, once more tried to put his handson her. She pushed back her chair, and in outragedtones commanded: "Mr. Breen!""I beg your pardon," he said with well assumedcandor, but he was irritated to a considerable degree."I merely wanted to change your pose a bit.""Well, why didn't you ask me to do it?" shecomplained, her innocent self again.He returned to his chair without explaining."Am I all right now?" she asked."Pull your chair forward again." "So?""That'll do."Erna watched him as before, and Breen went ondrawing. But his usually well balanced mind wasruffled. He tried to construct some other scheme.Erna had always been quite prone (after all, shewas only a waitress) to permit occasional familiarityon his part at Landsmann's. What made her playthe prude away from home? Perhaps she was, atheart, like the rest of her class, nothing more than anarrow moralistic thing, and not the unmoral soulhe had constantly given her credit for being. Hisdisgust was supreme. On the contrary, he mused,she might only be playing a part. Admitting thatErna, in society, only held the position of waitress,still, she was a very shrewd girl. He must try someother attack, allowing her the credit she deserved.He had attempted flattery, pleasantry and not a littleboldness. What should be his next step?Eventually, the young artist tried bribery. Hav- ing finished his work, he presented it to Erna accom- panied by a short but eloquently complimentaryspeech. The girl did not neglect to admire thedrawing and to thank him for the present. His act,apparently, made no stronger impression on her.Later, he suggested and, with her consent, preparedand served some tea and biscuits. They were sitting at a small cosy table. About them, the atmospherehad spread a halo of warmth and intimacy. AndBreen played host and admirer to the best of hisaccomplished ability. But Erna refused to respondany more than she had done earlier. She appearedgrateful; she talked a good deal; and she seemedcompletely at ease with Breen and her surroundings.But she would not respond more than she had done.Breen's disgust threatened to reach a climax.There was a reason for Erna's conduct. She, inher greed of heart, playing with Breen, as she hadwith Carstairs, the part of a watchful cat, had cometo several conclusions. She disliked the artist's long,angular figure, his sharp, shrewd face, and most ofall, his cold, self-sympathetic eyes. And she dis- liked him personally even more. Without claimingany undue powers of discernment for Erna, onewould surely have had to credit her with the posses- sion of a strong feminine instinct. Her instinct hadresented his attentions, for, behind them all, she hadfelt that he, as a gentleman, was shoving her downwhere she belonged. She was a waitress, but shewas good looking enough and lots of fun for him—and much more in prospect. In a word, Breen hadbrought out the hard calculating side of her nature,and she had raised her guard against him.Furthermore, Erna was in a bad humor when she came to Breen's studio, her genial conduct notwith- standing. She had seen Jimmy that noon in the din- ing room, but he had spent all of his time talkingfight with the customers. As though the fact thathe was to turn to the ring to-morrow night wouldbring the world to an end! She would pay him forneglecting her. Besides, Mr. Nielsen had been ap- proaching her. He had been asking her to "pose'*for him too. Did he also want to take advantageof her? Still, there was something human inside ofhim. He had always acted a little differently fromthe others. As for Jimmy—Breen interrupted her reflection. He reachedacross the table and tried to touch her hand. Erna'sface flushed with anger, and her hand came downupon his with a loud slap. Just as quickly, she re- collected herself. "Excuse me!" she asked sullenly.Breen, however, was through. He arose from hischair. This had been impudence beyond all im- pudence. And the man of success turned his backupon the waitress.Erna likewise got up, leaving the sketch on thetable. She did not offer a second apology. Instead,she drew on her coat, picked up her hat and walkedover to the glass. Her face was crimson.Breen was quite sorry. He came behind Ernaand made several attempts to clear some momentary pangs of conscience. But Erna would not listen.He moved away, pride clouding his face.Erna hurried toward the door. Breen followedher, offering one or two final excuses. But sherefused to answer, and went out. Breen slammedthe door behind her. Presently, he was busy pacingthe studio in a vain endeavor to regain some of hiscomposure.Steps were to be heard coming along the hallway.The door was opened cautiously, and Nielsen's headand shoulders appeared. And his caressing voicequestioned: "Well, your Highness, what is yourdecision? Moral, unmoral or—?"Breen faced about, swore a strong oath and com- manded: "Get out of here!""But, dear Bainbridge—""Get out, you spy!" Breen continued angrily, andwent toward the door."But I want to know your decision.""Moral, moral, a million times moral—she hasdegenerated—in fact, she hasn't even degenerated.I wouldn't do her the honor of saying so. She's al- ways been a narrow, conventional, contemptible littlething. Is that enough, you ass? She's a—""Enough, noble Sire!" Nielsen interrupted with amysterious air. "Thou hast spoken. Enough!" Luckily, his head and shoulders disappeared just intime.Breen slammed the door. VII Wednesday morning was a particularly noisymorning in the rear dining room of Landsmann's.Jimmy Allen was the hero. On the night before, hehad knocked out his opponent toward the close ofthe first round. Some of his admirers had met atLandsmann's to discuss and celebrate the event, andone who had been present was supplying the otherswith the details."An' toward the end o' the round," he was de- scribing, "Jimmy ducked under the poor 'Kid's'flabby guard an' caught 'im an awful soak in theguts, an' as 'the Kid' doubled up, Jimmy swung thefinisher —it was a terror! right on the point o'the jaw. 'The Kid' hit the mat deader than a doornail. An' they carried 'im away, a smashed hopeinside o' three minutes."The listeners clamored for more, and one of themqueried: "But I thought 'the Kid' was such a cleversidestepper?""He is, but he couldn't sidestep Jimmy. Jimmy'sa terror in the ring. He's a good-natured feller out- side, but the sight of another feller in front of 'imkind o' riles 'is Blood. He can't rest till he's bat- tered the guy away, an' let *im see a little blood,like 'the Kid's* mouth bleedin', an' it's all off 'ceptthe count, for Jimmy goes wild. He got to 'the Kid*by constant borein' in. Half a dozen fierce bodytaps weakened the poor guy, then a couple o' facesmashers, an then the finish. Oh, it was awful."The listeners sighed with awe. "An' Jimmy?"requested the interlocutor."Oh, he got a scratch or two. But he was 'issmilin' self soon's it was over."Standing near the doorway, listening to everyword with feverish interest, was Erna. Her eyesshone, and her heart beat with joyous pride.Landsmann suddenly called to her from thekitchen: "Erna, your order is here." She did notheed him, but waited for more details. Again, thestorekeeper called to her, but once more, she refusedto heed him. The man appeared in the doorway,his face red with vexation. "Erna! Do you hearv»me?"Yes, yes," she retorted petulantly, and hurriedpast him. He followed close behind her, and as sheturned, gave her a stupid but indignant stare. Ernareturned his stare with interest, and Landsmann,beaten as he had been so often, retreated to the store,there to seek muttered consultation with his wife.Erna was about to take up her order, when she came upon a remarkable sight. She stopped, staredand, stimulated by a desire to emulate, tiptoed for- ward, her strong white teeth showing in the joy ofanticipation. On the bottom of the kitchen sink, agoodly sized rat was drinking.The girl continued to sneak forward without mak- ing a sound. Suddenly, her hand darted out andseized the rat by the neck; at the same time, sheturned on the water from the large faucet. With astrong grip, she held the squirming, squeaking animalunder the stream.Gretchen screamed and ran out into the store."Was ist los?" demanded the storekeeper. Gret- chen told her story in a frightened whisper. Mrs.Landsmann and Molly screamed; several customersarose and, led by Landsmann, who waddled for- ward, came into the kitchen. Landsmann stoppedshort at a respectful distance from Erna, eyed herfuriously and shouted imprecations. She paid noattention to him, but continued her pleasant task, herface alight with animal joy and brutality. The rat'slife was soon extinguished, due, perhaps, more toErna's fingers than the water. Proudly holding itout by the tail for display, she dropped the bodyinto a pail under the sink. The storekeeper approached her, followed by thecustomers. The latter profferred congratulations, but not so Herr Landsmann. He grabbed sometable refuse and dumping it into the pail, piled someold newspapers on top, all the while averting hisface as much as possible. He then turned uponErna, but she stood her ground, defying him, and thestorekeeper was forced to resort 'o still stronger im- precation. Erna grew impudent m the knowledge ofher righteousness, and Landsmann had to retreatonce more, but this time with threatening gesturesand for an even angrier consultation with his wife.The other waitresses refused to return to the kitchen,but went over to assist Landsmann.The customers, who had been joined by othersfrom the rear dining room, refused to leave thekitchen, each one wishing to pay Erna homage bycompliment or by taking her arm. Jimmy Allenwas forgotten. At first, the girl, conscious of thesensation she had created so accidentally,—killingrats was not entirely new to her—faced her worship- pers with an exultant smile. Soon, she tired of theirpraise, and more so of their physical attentions,a repetition of their usual conduct toward her. Fur- thermore, the storekeeper's attitude rankled deeperand deeper, until anger controlled her. Therefore,she pushed her way through the gathering, orderedall back to their tables, a command they obeyed un- der protest, and returned to her duties with a deci- dedly willful air. If only Jimmy were here!Within the next hour or so, Herr Landsmann,backed by his wife's moral support, came into thekitchen four times to reprimand Erna. He had evenhunted for other pretexts to scold her. By nineo'clock, when Erna was almost alone in her smallempire, her resentment had reached a state of revolt.Why didn't he bounce her at once? It would bebetter. In fact, she would leave of her own freewill. That would be better still. She would befree. She had a right to be happy. She had al- ways been happy. So she would be free, Lands- mann, his wife and the rest of the world notwith- standing. How she hated and despised them! Letany one else try to tie her hands!Another half hour passed, and Erna's determina- tion grew. Her whole fighting instinct had been setastir. As a result, she had treated the few remainingcustomers with contemptuous neglect. They wereall of one breed. And they left, one by one, passingremarks, laughing or trying to banter her. Soonshe was left to herself and surly reflection, as Lands- mann, luckily, had discontinued molesting her—forthe present, at least. However, a newcomer enteredthe dining room. But he was the highly welcomeJimmy Allen. Erna greeted him with joy. She had forgottenher yesterday's resentment, in his sudden rise to honorand in her present need. And Jimmy greeted herwith joy. No other word passed between them.Instead, Jimmy embraced her with all of his brutestrength. He then tried kissing her, only to haveErna slip from his grasp. Jimmy's blood wasaroused. He pursued Erna, cornered her and caughther with an even stronger embrace than before,breathing hard with passion. They overturned achair, and Jimmy tripped and lost his hold. Theyboth breathed rapidly, and stood apart, watchingeach other. Herr Landsmann looked into the din- ing room, scowled and disappeared.Jimmy again came closer, but Erna shook herhead in warning. She had seen the storekeeper.Presently, she gave her lover a short nervous ac- count of her morning's trial. Jimmy swore a gener- ous oath and begged her to drop her work at once.But Erna hesitated."Ah, come out o' this!" he pleaded.Erna would not answer."Come out o' this, Erna!" he repeated seriously."You' re sick o' this. I'm sick o' this. Let's goaway. We're fixed now—or as good as fixed. Theonly job's the minister's. Come on, Erna!"Still, the girl refused to answer, but it was evident that she was weakening—as Jimmy was aware too.Hurriedly, he recounted his victory of last night,emphasized the fact that he was stronger than ever,knew "more about the game," and outlined the nearfuture: that he was soon to meet Young Walcott,whom he would dispose of, and some unknown fromChicago. He would have quite a little money short- ly, and he could support her "as a decent womanshould be supported." She would be happy. Theywould both be happy. "Come on, Erna!" he con- cluded. "Be a sport!"Erna was in a groggy state. One last stingingargument would have finished her. She hesitated, asdid Jimmy, who, unfortunately, resorted to stalling.At length, she said: "Gimme until to-night!"Now, Jimmy missed entirely: "But I say, Erna.I got an important date then."Her resentment returned at once. She recalledhis neglect of yesterday. "What?" she demandedjealously."I got to see Nolan an* Walcott an' his managerto-night. We got to talk over an* arrange things.Besides, Nolan's givin' a little spread in my honoramong the boys. Can't you tell me now? Tell mei'*now!"I said to-night, didn't I?" she retorted in danger- ous tones. "I know, Erna, but I can't see you to-night.Make it to-morrow night, an' we'll talk it over, long'syou won't say now. Make it to-morrow night! An'I'll spend the whole evenin' with you."Erna had turned her back on him. Jimmy camecloser, but she walked away, while he followed her,foolishly continuing to apologize and to cajole her.Unhappily, Jimmy's suit was interrupted. Anotherman came into the dining room: Eric Nielsen.Glances passed between them. Nielsen went overto the farthermost corner, took off his hat and coatand sat down. Jimmy looked at Erna on the sly,but she paid no attention to him. The young fighterdid not stay for breakfast. He left the room with- out another word. And Erna smiled secretly.Nielsen, always a lover of other's secrets, haddigested most of the scene. But he was still a diplo- mat. Consequently, he said nothing and permittedErna to come over for his order. She looked nervousand uncertain."What's new?" he asked pleasantly."Nothin'.""Still ham and eggs and the old program?"She smiled slightly. "Yes!"He ordered some eggs, toast and a cup of blackcoffee and explained: "I need some energy for workthis morning. I feel dopy." Erna smiled again and went away. She was feel- ing a little better. There was always somethingsoothing in Nielsen and his banter. And she didnot wait in the kitchen for his order, but came backto his table. Erna rarely acted parts in Nielsen'scompany.He looked up sympathetically. He wanted toask her what was wrong, but knowing her antipathyfor expressed sympathy or soft advances, remainedsilent. Herr Landsmann looked in upon them. Ernaflushed with her old resentment, and the storekeeperfrowned and disappeared. Nielsen remarked the ex- change. "That's it, is it?" he observed gently."What?""The boss?"She was thoughtful and then admitted: "Yes.""What's the Dutchman done?"Slowly, and not without reluctance in the begin- ning, she told him the details, he interrupting heronce or twice with encouragement. "Shades ofNorway!" he exclaimed in admiration. "You couldeasily play the Rat-wife in 'Little Eyolf'."She looked at him in a puzzled way, but helaughed and advised her: "Don't mind me; I'mcracked. Go on!"Erna related the rest of the incident. He wasquietly attentive to every detail, and at the conclu- sion of her recital, broke out cheerfully: "Thetrouble with the German is that he's too slow to catcheven a cockroach. Therefore, he resents speed. SoLandsmann calls you down. And the girls—well,they're children, like most females. You're entirelytoo dramatic for their comfort."Erna never quite understood Nielsen, but she mel- lowed down to some of her old good nature. Niel- sen continued his reassuring nonsense, and gradually,the rest of her good nature was restored. The youngwriter was not slow to notice the change, and hewas glad to have been of service to her. He hadno desire to make any personal use of Erna's presentmental condition, but nevertheless, he proceeded:"Erna, you must be tired.""Yes?""Certainly. You need a little rest—a little diver- sion. Let me help you out; there's a sensible girl.Will you come over and spend part of the eveningwith me?"His request had not been a bold one; he hadmade it seriously, and with no thought of himself.But Erna gave him a sharp look. He met her glancewith an honest one and pursued: "I don't want youto pose for the story, as I asked you yesterday—honestly, I don't. I just want to amuse you a little, if I can. You need a bit of a change, even by hav- ing me supply it."This was approaching dangerously close to a softadvance, but Erna did not heed it. She was stillbusy trying to read Nielsen, but reading Nielsen wasnot so easy as appearances would have led one tobelieve. However, she was able to read humanitybehind his lurking smile, and likewise his seriousnessof purpose. "I don't know," she said in doubt."You're not afraid?""No," she admitted."Come ahead then. We'll have a quiet littleevening together, or you can tell me some more aboutyour enemies, German and others. As for posing,I'll do the posing, such as standing on my head, forexample."Erna had always felt that Nielsen was human. Itnow come as a realization. She gave him a finalpenetrating glance. He smiled frankly, and she hadto smile as well. "All right," she resigned."You're a good sport, Erna," he complimentedher. "But you're too trusting, I'm afraid.""Think so?""Yes."She looked somewhat doubtful, and then her facecleared. Nielsen understood. "Your order's ready, Erna," came Landsmann'svoice.And the girl hurried out. VIII Erna was in a splendid mood when she called onNielsen that evening. In the first place, the youngNorwegian-American had earned her gratitude.Secondly, and what is perhaps more important,Jimmy Allen had come into Landmann's both for thenoon and the evening meal and had paid her humbledevotion. She had agreed to spend to-morrow even- ing with him, but principally that she might addcoal to the fire of his impatience by putting off heranswer, which she had not formed as yet but in theexistence of which she had succeeded in leading himto believe. Thirdly, she had had two more tilts withLandsmann and was victorious in both. Conse- quently, Erna was in high spirit. In addition, hergreedy nature was looking forward to the new sensa- tion that life might be on the point of offering her inNielsen.It was evident at once that he was likewise in thebest of humor. His greeting of Erna was of theheartiest cordiality and cheer. And he required onlya minute or two to settle her comfortably on thecouch and to make her feel otherwise at home. Shewas not surprised. On the contrary, she entered im- mediately into the mood of the young writer's hospi- tality."Well, Rat-wife, how've you been?" he com- menced. "I haven't seen you since this morning.""Why do you call me Rat-wife?""Because you're a professional rat catcher.""I've caught rats before," she confessed."Have you? Great! I always thought you musthave had another vocation in life.""But I hate caterpillars, don't you?" she declarednaively."By all means," he agreed. "They give one thefuzzy-wuzzies, don't they?"They both laughed. He drew his chair closer tothe couch and watched her frankly. She watchedhim with equal candor. There was honest admir- ation in his next remark: "You're strong, aren'tyou, Erna?""Yes.""How'd you get that way?" he pursued."I must 'a' been born that way. I guess my fatheran' mother were strong an' healthy. Any way, Iexercise a great deal—""In the store, you mean?""No, at night, by the open window, in—""Not in the nude?" he ventured. "Not quite, but almost!" she admitted, and theylaughed again."But Erna, what made you say you guess yourfather and mother were strong? Don't you knowwhether they were? Aren't they alive?"She looked at him suddenly, but his straightfor- ward glance reassured her. She announced quietly:"I never saw my parents.""What?" he broke out. "Then how—but I begyour pardon, child. I didn't mean to be inquisitive.""You're not inquisitive," she returned with unac- customed seriousness. "Only—""I understand," he interrupted. "Don't speak ofit! It's too painful. Besides, we mustn't be grow- ing gloomy."Erna was meditative. She had never confidedthat part of her life to any one. It might be nice tounburden some of it. And Mr. Nielsen—he was so—She glanced at him."Please don't!" he requested. "I'd much ratheryou wouldn't."She smiled and said: "It isn't so sad; it's justkind o' funny.""Well, if it's funny, out with it, but if it isn't—""It's kind o' funny that I should be tellin' at all.""To me, you mean?""Yes!" 'That' s easy. You trust me; that's the reason,"he explained jocularly."Do I? How do you know?""Oh, I'm a wise old know-it-all. Which is cer- tainly a nice bunch of conceit, isn't it?""No," she denied good-humoredly.Without pretense of any sort, and completely ather ease sitting there on the couch only a yard or twofrom him, she gave Nielsen a few points in herknowledge of past years. Briefly, she laid claim tohaving lived nearly all her life with adopted parents,from whom, thanks to their continued selfishness andmaltreatment, she had run away about a year ago.These people had once informed her that her fatherhad married some woman of position in Bohemia,where Erna was born, and that, having squanderedher money, he had disappeared for good. Hermother had died in giving birth to her, and heradopted parents, related to him as cousins, had re- ceived her indirectly through some friends of herfather's, as well as money, through various myster- ious channels, up to her sixth year. The remittancesstopped suddenly, and she was left a beggar on theirhands, a fact of which they were often careful to re- mind her. At the age of twelve or thirteen, Ernahad hunted for and found a situation, and laterothers, and had been able to pay some sort of board through the intervening years. But her "parents,"who had five children of their own, despised her andmaltreated her accordingly, as did the children,guided by the elders' precepts. Only her strengthof body and endowed pugnaciousness had saved herfrom greater maltreatment."And this you call a funny story?" demandedNielsen, stopping her."There's nothing so very sad in it," she declaredstubbornly."There isn't?""No."His admiration for her developed. Erna certain- ly possessed sterling qualities."But I haven't finished," she interposed."Never mind, Erna. I've heard enough.""You haven't heard why I quit my 'parentsY*"I don't have to," he tried to stop her."There's only a little to it.""Well?""They tried to sell me.""What?""Just what I said.""What do you mean?""They tried to sell me to an old admirer o' minein Paterson.""You must be crazy, child." "No more'n you," she insisted. "The man wasall ready with his money an'—""But this is impossible," he interrupted."No, it isn't. I ought to know. It made mejump the track.""That's how you ran away?""Yes.""A year ago?""Yes. It was the last straw. They'd tried thesame game twice before. I was through."Nielsen eyed her in sympathy. He had not cred- ited the whole of her story, incoherent and almostimaginary as some of its details sounded, but theclimax had moved him deeply. He was not assuperficial as his outward demeanor might indicate.But he was still a diplomat, and knowing Erna'snature better than ever now, did not offer her opensympathy. Instead, he questioned: "So you wan- dered around New York looking for jobs?""Yes.""Till you landed at Landsmann's?""Oh no, I had two other jobs before that.""Where?""At other bakeries, but I was fired.""For—for sassing back?" he asked, smiling."Yes, just as I sass old Landsmann." He grew serious. "Hadn't you better be care- ful?""How?""About angering Landsmann?""I can't help it. I hate him. I hate Germans.My 'parents' were German an'—""He may fire you too.""I don't care.""But you don't want to be forced to run aboutNew York again, do you?"Erna was about to break out, thinking of Jimmy,"I won't have to," but substituted staring at Nielsen.He was so fine, so human, so—"Never mind, Erna! Let's talk of somethingmore cheerful." Suddenly, it was his turn to lookthoughtful. Before he was aware of himself, hecommenced: "Erna!""Yes?""If you ever need anybody—""Yes?""I mean in case you should ever lose your job—""Yes?""Don't hesitate to come to me for help."He had spoken in a more earnest tone than washis custom. Erna looked quantities of gratitude."Do you mean—""Yes," he forestalled her. "I'm a man, Erna, or a part o' one. I know you're a good sport, I've seenso much evidence of it. In fact, you're as good andprobably a better sport than I am"—all this with areturn to banter—"so it's up to me, if you ever needassistance."Erna was unable to reply."Will you?" he requested more quietly."Yes," she agreed, and was silent.Presently, he came back to the whimsical. "We'rea funeral party, aren't we?""No.""Well, we can start a partnership as funeral di- rectors to bury the past, can't we?"UO |»»oure!Nielsen laughed, and she followed his example."Erna, I envy you," he started again."Why?""Nothing downs you long. You're such a happyIndian that you're able to run your world.""Am I?""Yes. It takes happy people to run the world,you know.""Does it?""Certainly. That's my humble belief anyhow.Dost believe in philosophy?""No time for it!" she returned."You're right," he applauded. "It's only a pastime for lemon natures. Stick to your joy,Erna!"Erna was indulging in more abstract matters thanshe had ever attempted, for she said: "I can't helpit, I suppose. I love joy and happy people. An'fresh air, strength, freedom." But it was Nielsen'sfault, he used such a subtle method of probing her."That'll do, Erna," he interrupted. "You havespoken. There is nothing to be added to fresh air,the breeder of strength, the breeder of freedom.This ought to be enough philosophy for one day, eh ?We'll have headaches soon, won't we?""Not me!" she denied, and he laughed andadded: "Then I'll close the sermon with a littletext, if I may.""Go ahead.""Whatever happens," he bantered her; "stick toyour freedom with your last dying breath!""Thanks!"The evening developed even further intimacy.And Erna soon came to realize that she had discov- ered her new sensation. As for Nielsen, he wasspending an unusual evening too. Several times, hethought of Jimmy Allen and his connection withErna. He was a splendid joyous animal like her.It did not surprise him that he had been restored toher favor, they were so well mated. And he re- called the short but significant scene he had spoiledthat morning.Erna, surely, was a rare nature,—hard, perhaps,selfish and cruel in many ways too, quite a little moreso than others, but her strength of will, self relianceand her stubborn pursuit of pleasure and excitement—her life of joy—were irresistible. And she wasonly a waitress. But she was far more than that,an individual, as Carstairs had vaunted that time;she had lived a life harder to endure than that loadedupon his educated acquaintances, for example, andyet, she, lacking their knowledge and so called ex- perience and wisdom, controlled life; life did notcontrol her. And Nielsen, who seldom overlookeddissecting himself along with others, admitted readilythat Erna attracted him powerfully, and not in thename of the story, which he had forgotten—for thepresent, anyhow.Erna's mind was making more rapid calculationsthan ever before. "Stick to your freedom!" he hadadvised her. It was true. She must go on fightingfor that. But what of Jimmy—and marriage?Marriage, that word with a bad taste, marriage evenwith Jimmy would steal a good portion of her free- dom. She must be careful. Besides, her powerover Jimmy was so easy just the same. And Niel- sen, that puzzling human man, disconcerted her. He was different from Jimmy. He was strong physi- cally too, if not quite as handsome, and he possesseda strong heart and mind, which Jimmy did not. Buthis constant joking—was he really serious? Shenever knew just where to find him, he eluded her so.If she were to marry, she would never see him again,a prospect her greediness did not like to consider, asshe sat there slyly watching him, clothed in that easy,cheerful, even tempered strength of his.Erna and Nielsen did not leave the latter's work- shop until close upon midnight. The rest of the timehad passed swiftly and pleasantly. Their partingwas warm to a decided degree. And they made anappointment for the following Friday evening.•Til be a night owl soon," she complained."Oh no—you'll always be a Rat-wife," he cor- rected.She pressed the book under her arm—Ibsen's"Little Eyolf," which he had lent her andlaughed."Now, don't forget my text," he warned hergently, as they stood on the dark street corner nearLandsmann's, their hands clasped in friendly em- brace.C«T t H1 won t."And if there's any real trouble with Lands- mann?" "Yes, I will," she agreed.Fie pressed her hand."Good-night," she said."Good-night," he returned.And they separated. But they both looked backtwice and waved their hands—in the old fashionedway. IX "An order of mocha tart, Erna!"It was Bainbridge Breen who had spoken. Thegirl left the dining room with a cheery: "All right!"The young artist turned to his friends, Carstairs andNielsen, who were sitting with him at the rear table:"Mocha tart is still the prince of Landsmann pas- tries.""You' ve made up with Erna, I see," Nielsenventured quietly."Oh, of course! I'm too busy a man to spendany time harboring animosity. Besides, I guess I'msufficiently broad-minded to forgive the girl her in- discretion.""And on her side, she's too light-hearted to holdanimosity," the author supplied."I expect so," Breen agreed generously, and thenchallenged: "But how about you and Erna? Andhow about your story?""Haven't been able to finish it as yet," Nielsenreturned somewhat evasively."Haven't had enough opportunity for studyingErna?""No, r m not quite through." Breen laughed significantly, and Carstairs flushed."Then you haven't reached your decision as re- gards Erna's morals?" the painter continued."Not just yet!" was Nielsen's response, keyed indeeper evasiveness."You'll reach my conclusion absolutely," Breenclosed confidently. "She's a moral little thing.""Of course," Carstairs interposed indignantly."Whoop-la!" cried Breen. "So you've come toyour decision, Brother John? How did it happen,you sly dog?""I haven't come to any decision," Carstairs de- nied wearily. "I told you in the beginning what Ithought of Erna.""That' s so," Breen gave in with a tone of fatherlywisdom. "But when and where did you find oppor- tunity to strengthen your belief? You haven't beencoming here very often of late?""That's my affair," Carstairs retorted.He was in a melancholy mood. Erna had beenneglecting him since their evening together. More- over, she had treated him with more or less indiffer- ence as well, as though his visits bored her, and hadallowed him no opening for inviting her again.Nielsen wisely changed the subject: "Been do- ing much work lately, John?""Yes, I've been busy." "What are you doing?""I've been writing a little set of piano songs," herejoined."Good for you!" Breen applauded. "There'snothing like work after all, and we all seem engagedto that lady at present. She's the best wife in theworld."Nielsen smiled philosophically, but the tired ex- pression had revisited Carstair's face. The trio con- tinued eating their supper, and the conversationstrayed to other and less personal topics.That same evening, Erna was to meet JimmyAllen. The hero of Landsmann's was well aheadof their appointment time, for he was strangely ex- cited. He had some news to impart to Erna.She was ten minutes late. He did not call herattention to the fact, but greeted her boisterouslyand began: "Gee, Erna! I got great news for you.""Have you?" she replied with well feigned in- difference."What do you think? Nolan's offered to let ushave the rooms free for one month.""Did he?""Sure! What do you think o' that? Ain't hethe pippin? Ain't he the classy guy?"She did not answer. They were walking slowly. He grabbed her arm. "What's the matter now?"he demanded."Nothin'.""You said you'd made up your mind," he main- tained anxiously."I said: not quite," she corrected him."Oh, but you have, Erna," he pleaded. "You'lljoin hands with me? You're sick o' Landsmann's.You —we're stuck on each other, an' the minister's—Well, wait'll you see the flat!" he broke off."That'll settle it. Wait'll you see the flat!""Why?""I'm takin' you there," he informed her eagerly."Now?""Of course!" he cajoled her. "You'll come,won't you?" and he squeezed her arm. "There's noharm in it. You don't have to like the place? Itdon't hurt to see it?""No.""Then we'll go."Erna was busy eyeing a millinery show window."How about it?" he questioned."All right-He sighed with relief and satisfaction.There were two rooms and a bath. The furnish- ings were fairly attractive—garish in some respects, but on the whole, adequate. Erna admitted to her- self that they surpassed her expectation, the garishqualities, no doubt, appealing to her love of life andviolent color. But she made no such admission toJimmy.He was watching her with wide open eyes. Grad- ually, his anxiety forsook him and his natural cheer- fulness appeared. "Well?" he asked quietly.Erna continued reticent. Neither of the roomscompared with Mr. Nielsen's, which was so won- derfully cosy, but she could easily improve them.Her woman's housekeeper instinct declared itself;it would be nice to occupy herself making changeshere and there. And it would be a nice place tospend a few lazy hours every day, it was such a finelittle apartment. Best of all, it would be her firsthome. . . . Erna studied the large couch for thefirst time and hesitated. "Stick to your freedom!"he had advised her. Marriage? No, marriagewould not be so nice. Still, strong, broad shoul- dered, handsome, happy Jimmy was standing rightnear her. She glanced his way."Well?" he repeated.Erna looked away."What's the matter?" he asked, and approacheda little.She did not answer. . . . That other time matters were different. She had not felt as drawn to himthen as she had since his return. His offer of moneythat day—well, it had been an honest one: hehad cared for her, and he had been her best friendin those days. She must do him that much justice.And he was offering her much more now. She hatedLandsmann's more and more. She could not endurethe place many days longer. And this would be herfirst home. But suppose she should want to change—as she had done so often before, due to her hatredof any steady existence? Her hands would be tied.Marriage meant loss of freedom. She cared forJimmy, yes, but not quite enough. If she were onlygiven more time for a decision! Perhaps, Mr. Niel- sen would help her to decide. But she would notask him."What's the matter?" Jimmy demanded oncemore and with returning anxiety. He came closer.Erna turned toward him. She cast aside the partshe usually played with him, and gave him the firsthonest glance he had received from her in severaldays. He quickly put his arm about her shoulders.Erna turned her head away and tried to pull back,but his other arm found its way about her. "Erna!"he begged for the last time.She commenced to struggle. His instincts of bat- jle were aroused; and his exasperation of nearly two years' standing seized this opportunity. Heedlessof her cries, he tightened his grip and pressed herbreast against his with brutal strength. There was amoment of tugging and swaying. Suddenly, Ernaraised her face, and he kissed her mouth with thesame undeniable brutality. The girl no longer strug- gled. But he would not let her go.At length, she tried to break away, but his strengthwas much greater than hers. He continued toweaken her, strong and stubborn though she was, bymore unmerciful kisses and embraces. Erna at- tempted to beat his breast with what freedom herhands were permitted and not succeeding, kicked hisshins. But Jimmy, laughing with joy and sufferingwith passion, hugged her with such finality that shewas left powerless.As usual, that old but simple law of physics, con- cerning the continued contact of bodies, was vin- dicated. Soon after, it was satisfied. Erna andJimmy did not rise from the couch for nearly threehours.Erna was tired, but happy. She looked at Jimmy.He laughed. She laughed too. And then theylaughed together. Suddenly, she became serious."What's the trouble?" he questioned.Erna looked at him differently now, but herseriousness soon fled. After all, just as posing for Breen had not been quite new to her, so her presentexperience was not quite new. Furthermore, Ernapossessed unlimited gameness. Life had never beenable to throw her for a long fall. Therefore, herboldness returned. Jimmy laughed as before, andshe joined him once more."All right?" he requested."Yes!"He got up. She watched him dress. He wasslow and careless in the performance. But her at- tention was absorbed by the muscular play of hissplendid body."Well?" he asked smiling."Well what?" she challenged."What makes you stare?""Nothm !""Am I nothin'?""Yes!"He laughed with his usual readiness, and content,turned his back on her with lazy ease and walkedover to the mirror. Erna frowned slightly. Some- how, his "I" had put her on her old guard. Itseemed to spell property, as did his care-free satis- faction with himself. Erna watched him withglances sharpened by caution.But it was necessary to dress. She was beginning to feel chilly. Without getting up, she slipped onher waist, that had been lying nearby on the floor.Jimmy Allen's mood had reached a state of hope- less disregard. He committed a decided blunder.With cheerful candor, he asked, without troublinghimself to turn around: "Erna! When do we move• «v»»in?She gave his back an indignant glance. "Whatdid you say?""I said: when do we move in?"Her instinct was up in arms. Throwing coolnessinto her reply, she returned deliberately: "Notuntil doomsday."He stopped fixing his tie. But he continued:"You're gettin' crazy again.""I'm not," she replied without changing her tone."I said: not until doomsday."He turned toward her, smiling. But the smile lefthis face. "What's the matter now?" he asked, com- ing forward."Go on dressin'!" she commanded, his smile hav- ing started her petulance.He, however, had come over to the couch and nowstood over her, staring at her stupidly. She lookedup at him, animosity in her glance. His vapid ex- pression deepened."Well?" she challenged. "Sore?*' he asked humbly."No!"He tried to study her. Gradually, light penetratedhis cloudy understanding: Erna was just like otherwomen. Luckily, some stroke of intuition promptedhim not to turn away this time. Instead, he put hishands on her shoulders and said with unaccustomedseriousness: "Erna! Don't be sore.""I'm not sore," she resented."I know—but—""You don't have to explain," she cried melo- dramatically. Strange to say, Erna seemed readyto cry.At a loss, Jimmy tried philosophy: " 'Cause lifeis Hell to some folks, Erna, we don't have to imitate'em, do we?" He could not tell whether she waslistening. "Gimme a chance!" he added more cheer- fully. "Quit the beanery an' gimme a chance! Idon't want life to be Hell for you. Gimme thechance, won't you?" He waited, but she did notlook up. "You listenin'?""Yes," she said."Then quit the beanery, Erna! We can live nicean' cosy an' happy here, can't we? You like ithere?""Yes," she admitted. "Let's get the minister then!" he concluded quiet- ly.She removed his hands from her shoulders."Erna!" he repeated."Wait a moment," she cut him short, althoughin a milder tone."Stick to your freedom!" he had advised her. Hewas so human that he understood everything. Andyet, Jimmy—if she were not forced to decide sosoon!Her strength came back under the influence of thistonic. A little of her innate cheerfulness revivedas well. She looked up at Jimmy. His puzzled ex- pression disappeared, and he smiled in encourage- ment. She smiled too."Got somethin' to say," he read. "What is it?""Marriage'd be Hell, Jimmy," she announcedwithout emotion."Why?" he demanded abruptly, but recollectinghimself, stopped. Dimly, he once more realized thatErna was a woman. And the man's psychologyassisted him: Nature and his long enduring exasper- ation had been satisfied. Why worry his head tryingto understand Erna? Let her take care of herself.She would outgrow her present mood. He grewblase, and repeated quietly: "Why?" "I dunno," she explained doubtfully. "Just be- cause, I suppose."He sat down beside her, not so much to help herwrestle with the problem as to encourage her tospeak. She was thoughtful. "I guess I don't wantto," she continued, but with increasing doubt."You don't want to marry? Why?""I wouldn't be free," she declared in an uncer- tain way."Why not?" he demanded. "You'd be free?You could do what you want. I wouldn't stopv*you ?She shook her head.An idea came to him. "Maybe you'd rather—"but he stopped, remembering a former experience."Go ahead," she advised him."You'll get sore again," he protested."No, I won't," she disagreed, but anticipated himwith: "I know what you were goin' to say.""You do? Well?"Erna averted her glance. The old thoughtspassed in quick review: Landsmann's Mr. Niel- sen's advice—scraps of the past—home. She couldlive with him a little while and then marry him if allwent well. That seemed best for her."Wait'll to-morrow!" he interrupted her. You re kind o' up in the air now. You'll be surerto-morrow."She nodded absent-mindedly."You'll let me know to-morrow?"."Yes."Hp -v»»oure ?"Yes.""All right! Forget it! We'll get it all settledto-morrow. An' if you'd still want to have the min- ister—"She shook her head negatively. Jimmy appearedjust as well satisfied. He did not understand, butwhat was the difference, and what the use of worry- ing? "You love me, don'tcher?"Again, she nodded absent-mindedly. He pushedher with rough good nature. Presently, he got up,returned to the mirror and again busied himselfwith his tie. Erna likewise continued dressing. Shehad reached a decision. And she was cheerful oncemore. But she would wait until to-morrow. Itmight be better. X Mollie and Gretchen, the Landsmann waitresses,were gossipping. It was about eight o'clock, the nextmorning. Above the rattle of dishes in the kitchen,this is what one might have overheard:"Yes, I saw her with him.""So did I a few nights ago.""They must go out every night.""Of course! She's out every night since he'sback. Who else would she go with?""It's just like her.""Yes! I always said she'd go back to 'im.""It was me said that.""Maybe you did, but I said it first. She's a finegirl to be workin' in an honest place like this to begoin' out with a common prize-fighter.""Not to have any more self-respect!""Yes! 1 always said she 'd come to a bad end.""Looks that way!"Their gossipping might have continued indefinitelyhad not part of it been heard by an eavesdropper.She came stealthily into the kitchen and of a sudden,the waitresses received some resounding slaps. Thepair screamed. Erna called them one or two unquotable namesand tried to continue her attack. But she sawLandsmann coming into the kitchen and beat a re- treat into the dining room, although not without thisparting shot: "So you're the kind I've been givin'dresses to!"Herr Landsmann was a busy man. Both wait- resses were trying to explain at the same time. AndMollie was weeping violently. At length, he suc- ceeded in holding an excited consultation with thegirls, and with him at their head, they marched outinto the store in ragged single file. The trio hur- riedly argued the case before Mrs. Landsmann, whowas standing behind the counter, guarding the cashregister. Pretty soon, Mollie cried: "Here hecomes now!"Jimmy Allen entered. He greeted the Lands- manns and the waitresses and then some of hisfriends, as he passed the store tables. "How aboutYoung Walcott?" called one. "Next Wednes- day," Jimmy returned. "Trainin' again?" "Yes,I start to-day." And the young hero penetrated thekitchen and stepped down into the dining room.Erna was in a disordered state. Some of the cus- tomers were endeavoring to pacify her, but she re- fused their offers. She spied Jimmy and throwing down all caution, hurried over to him. He soonheard enough details.The young man struck a melodramatic pose."We'll clear out o' this hole," he exclaimed. Sheput her hand on his arm, but he shook it off. "Goup-stairs an' pack your things!""But Jimmy—""Never mind!" he interrupted. "You don't haveto stay here. If you did, it'd be different. Go up- stairs an' pack up!"She looked at him with momentary dread, butJimmy waved his hand toward the doorway. Twoof the customers got up to interfere, but he gavethem threatening glances. Erna moved away andthen stopped in uncertainty. "Go ahead!" heordered her. She tried to go, but Landsmann stoodin the doorway. His face was struggling betweenanger and dignity."Erna!" he commanded.She stared at him."Go right up-stairs and—"The storekeeper noticed Jimmy's threatening at- titude and hesitated. "Go on!" that individual en- couraged him. "Got any more to say ?"Evidently, the German had not."Then get 'er money ready an' see there ain't acent short, you lousy Dutchman! I'll see she gets her desserts. Hurry up, you fat slob, or I'll helpi"you!Herr Landsmann disappeared and so did Erna.Jimmy, master of the moment, gave the dining roomdenizens a look of contemptuous pride and likewisewent out.Consternation prevailed. Each patron wanted toexpress an opinion, and argument rose high. Onlyone of them held his peace: John Carstairs. He sataloof, a picture of gloom and stupor. It was an early hour that evening. Carstairs wasseated at the piano in his small cosy room. The gaswas turned fairly low. Except for intermittentsounds from the instrument, the room was quiet.The young man was composing. Vague meas- ures, desolate of all cheer, followed one another infuneral tempo. The monotony, unbroken by evenone note of prophecying gladness, was maddening.But the young man persisted in his lugubrious incan- tation. Presently, he got up, turned the gas a littlehigher and sat down again. A sheet of music paperlay in front of him. Only a few measures and thetitle—Dirge—had been transcribed. He startedjotting down more notes.There was a knock at the door. He did not hear it. The knock was repeated. Carstairs struck apetulant dissonance, arose wearily, went over to thedoor and opened it part way."Special delivery!" a man announced.Carstairs signed the slip, the postman went awayand the door was closed. The young composer ex- amined the handwriting and quickly tore open theenvelope. The note was very short.He gave way to eager joy. And he breathed aname twice over: "Elsie!" Nervous animation be- trayed him further. He re-read the note five or sixtimes, looked about in bewilderment and re-read thenote again. Of a sudden, he hurried over to thebureau and pulled open the bottom drawer. A litterof odds and ends was laid bare. With anxioushaste, he threw them all about on the floor. At last,he came to a picture: the photograph of a pretty girl.His joy deepened; he held the picture at arm'slength and gazed a fill of delight. He then arightedhimself, went over to the piano, moved the photo- graph of an older woman to one side and placed thispicture near the centre. He was soon occupiedstudying the effect, and ultimate satisfaction was his.He again sat down at the piano, but was unableto take his glance from the picture. Eventually, hesmiled, gave the picture an au revoir look and againturned his attention to the keyboard and manuscript. He had decided to finish his composition just thesame. The dirge continued intoning its gloomymeasures, but a note of prophecying gladness ap- peared. From time to time, too, the composer stoleshy glances at the photograph. In a cosy room in a building not far away, adifferent scene was taking place. Eric Nielsen andErna Vitek were sitting close together on a couch,chatting confidentially and bantering each other.Erna had not broken off her appointment with theyoung writer even though a sudden change hadcome into her life. Luckily, Jimmy was away allafternoon, training up in Fordham, and, thanks tohis continued absence, she was able to leave their flatshortly after six o'clock. She would only stay outan hour or so and, should he return before her,would tell him that she had to visit Landsmann's forsome small articles she had left behind. On the wayto Nielsen's, she bought two or three trifles. Fortu- nately, she had found him at home, although she wastwo hours beforehand.He had heard of the morning's event and washeartily sorry. But Erna quickly reassured him. Ofcourse, he did not believe the hazy part of her story,—that she was "stayin' with some friends"—but his philosophy was equal to the occasion: what Erna hidfrom him was no concern of his. In all, they hadbeen spending a delightful evening. As a conse- quence, Erna was staying much longer than she hadplanned.Nielsen enjoyed her company. She was a splen- did stimulant to his stimulant-craving mental system.After his recent intercourse with the every-daywoman and the every-day man,—a monotonous gal- lery of drab souls—she was a touch of brilliant color.Her joy, animal spirit and fighting instinct en- thralled him. She stimulated his imagination par- ticularly and consequently brought him back to hisold interest in his life and work. So he was trebly in- debted to her.Erna's greed had developed rapidly, and she hadgrown reckless in short order. Nielsen inspired hercomplete confidence. He did not take her too seri- ously, neither did he take her too lightly. This wasjust what she had craved so long. As a result, atthe height of her confidence and his bantering com- ment, she allowed him to sit next to her, and theydeveloped their further intimacy. For the present,she had forgotten Jimmy. He was physical and didnot inspire her as Nielsen's human temperament didso easily and so quietly. Moreover, her Vitek bloodhad been excited. Therefore, it was inside a natural sequence of hap- penings that Nielsen's arm stole about Erna's waistand that she submitted to the liberty. To tell thetruth, Nielsen was decidedly under the influence ofthe wine in her nature and she under that in his."Isn't this wicked?" he questioned pleasantly."No," she denied."But it's growing darker," he protested."So much the better!" she retorted.And they both laughed."This is rat time," he warned her. *"I don't care," she vaunted.And they laughed again.Erna did not leave the Nielsen workshop untilwell after nine o'clock. XI It was the following Monday noon. Breen andNielsen were seated at the last table in Landsmann'srear dining room, eating and gossipping."Gretchen!" called the former.Erna's successor came forward."Bring me a mocha tart, please.""Yes, sir"—and the girl walked away."So you think you'll be able to finish your story?"Breen questioned."I think so," was Nielsen's thoughtful response."I've found the missing link.""But is any story ever finished?" Breen pro- tested. "Can't you always find room for additionalinstallments?"Not being in an argumentative mood, Nielsenquietly accepted his friend's criticism. Soon, theywere both meditative. Gretchen brought the mochatart and went away. Hers was a peace-loving tem- perament, in distinct contrast to Erna's, an opin- ion Breen expressed. Nielsen again accepted hiscriticism."After all," the artist added comfortably: "Erna was quite a study. I confess, she fooledme."How so?""By running off with that young gladiator.""Then you think she's living with him?""Of course. What other conclusion should Icome to?"Nielsen did not answer. At length he said:"Then you're ready to alter your decision of theother day?""That she's a moral little thing?" Breen replied."Yes, to some extent," he declared generously."Her last act does change my first consideration abit. But I still refuse to credit her with being un- moral.""Which means that you believe her unmoral?"Nielsen ventured in a droll tone."I suppose so.""Explain yourself!""She's accepted a life contrary to Society's codeor her own code—if she was ever unconventionalenough to have one, which I doubt."Nielsen smiled. "If what you say is true, we'reall of us more or less immoral.""Why so?""Because every one barters his soul some time dur- ing his existence, and some of us are doing so all the time. At heart, you know, we re most of us, un- moral, in appearance, moral, but in action, immoral.'*Breen laughed in amiable derision. "Whatscrambled egg philosophy!" he cried. "Where didyou learn it, noble scholar?""Nowhere," Nielsen answered and frowned.But his ready good nature intervened and he ob- served gently: "At any rate, Breen, I disagree withyou regarding Erna.""That she's neither moral nor immoral?""She has a little bit of each—like all of us," theyoung author agreed; "but fundamentally she's un- moral.""Bravo! So that will be the end of your story?""I don't know," Nielsen silenced him and smileda second time.Breen shook his head with a knowing air. Afteran interval, he requested: "Will you see her• vagain ?"I'm not certain," Nielsen said without emotion."I imagine I will some time. But it won't be neces- sary."The young men finished their meal.A little later, Nielsen was alone in his studio. Hewas sitting at his small writing desk, looking oversome material that lay in front of him. Presently,he seemed worried, but only for a moment. No, the point was absolutely clear. Erna had settled it forhim the other evening. At heart, she was unmoral.The young author commenced writing.Through some insidious channel, a thought man- aged to come between his mind and the manuscript:would he see her again ? Quickly, he beat it down:it would be unnecessary to see her again; there wasnothing more for him to learn. Still, he had enjoyedhimself the other evening. The physical, so glorious,so great, had once more penetrated his life. Wouldhe drive it away? Nielsen stopped writing.Almost resentfully, he mused: What had he andthe physical to do with each other? The physicalgave him new experience, yes, but it was almost al- ways experience that he courted and utilized for hiswork. He must not expect more; he must continueto sacrifice everything—thought, emotion, volition—to work. Nothing else existed; in no other waycould he hope to reach the realm of artist. He mustdrive Erna and the other evening's sensations fromhis memory. She had served as his model, no more;so he must not permit her personality or his own tointerfere again. Furthermore, he must be cautiouson her behalf as well. She was a joyous, healthyanimal. Jimmy Allen was a joyous, healthy animal.They were mated, and were living together, un- doubtedly. The chapter was closed. He must notdesire more.Nielsen tightened his resolve. In another mo- ment, he was again busy, writing.There was a knock at the door. He did nothear it. The knock was repeated more loudly. Helooked around petulantly, got up, went over to thedoor and opened it. "Oh, it's you," he said, but notwith cordiality.Erna came in."I was down in the neighborhood," she apolo- gized."You were right to come up," he reassured her,sorry to have treated her discourteously. "Take offyour things!""But you're busy," she protested."Not at all. Only a little touch or two I wasworking on. They can wait."Reluctantly, Erna permitted him to help her re- move her coat. She did not take off her hat. "Sitdown," he advised her, his regret for his momentaryshow of self-interest developing.She sat down on a chair. He seated himself athis desk, but faced her. "What's new?" he askedpleasantly."Nothin' much," she returned and glanced athim. His glance met hers, and he quickly looked else- where. He felt a sharp pain: he had gone too farthe other evening. Erna likewise looked away.She had seen enough; her instinct knew. There wasan awkward pause.Nielsen gave her a sidelong glance. What couldhe do? This was dreadful. He should not havegone so far. Erna was staring at the floor. Hecould see her pugnacious nose and her determinedmouth and chin, and felt somewhat relieved. Hercase might not be as serious as he feared. She hadtenacious strength of character. But the situationwas very uncomfortable notwithstanding. He shouldnot have gone so far. It was selfish—whether aman's selfishness or an artist's. Nielsen turnedaway.Again, he glanced in her direction, but she wasstill staring at the floor. Luckily, she had Jimmy;they were living together—at least, he had taken thatmuch for granted by putting her story and the bakeryscandal side by side. They were suited to eachother. What could or should she have to do withsuch a thing as an artist? Perhaps, the novelty intheir short affair had appealed to her. She was agreedy nature. She craved everything: sun, moon,stars and all. He himself had only been one of them. This conjecture satisfied him considerably.And he breathed with returning freedom.She looked up. He smiled. She smiled too.And he breathed still more freely."What have you been doing lately?" he ques- tioned cheerfully."I've been busy siraightenin' out," she replied, andlooked at him.He moved restlessly. There was a second pause,but only a short one."You' ve been busy too," she said."Oh yes, I—l've been working on a story.""What kind of a story?""Merely a foolish little affair about a foolish littleaffair," he hastened to condemn.Her glance dropped. His work and her ownlived apart. "I brought back * Little Eyolf'.""So I saw. Did you like it?""Not very much.""Why not?""It's too sad," she explained. "An* I don't likecripples.""Of course!" he broke out. "I forgot that youlove only joy and happy people.""An' freedom," she concluded unconsciously."Certainly, and freedom," he agreed.He caught a glimpse of her eyes—eyes that could love you to-day and hate you to-morrow—and feltstill more reconciled with circumstances. Ernacraved freedom, and was free. She could take careof herself. She possessed that rare thing, the life- controlling temperament. Perhaps, she would notneed even Jimmy Allen. How splendid she was!Would she hate him to-morrow? It would be ashame. He had only to raise his hand—and theycould continue. But he must not, it would be somuch better for her. She would be miserable withhim: an artist and not a physical man. She belongedto Jimmy—and still more, to herself. He must notinterfere, but leave her destiny to destiny. Nielsenfelt almost completely relieved."You love your work, don't you?" Erna an- nounced with unexpected candor.Nielsen looked at her with sharpened eyes. Shewas glorious. She had emphasized "love" and not"work." He could scarcely reply."Don't you?" she repeated.She was more than glorious. Her own gamenesshad fought the problem for her. She required as- sistance from no one."Yes," was all he was able to say, his emotionscrowding him."Do you write a whole lot?""Yes, lots and lots, but it's all trivial." "Oh no!" she contradicted him."Oh yes!" he mimicked her, and laughed, al- though he did not know why. "My writings are asmuch like life—" as you are like art, he would havefinished, but hesitated."As what?" she assisted him."As the catching of butterflies is like the catchingof rats," he closed with a return to himself."Oh, the Rat-wife!" she interpreted."Yes.""You're not a rat-wife writer then?""No.""You're not a butterfly writer either?""Why not?"" 'Cause butterflies come from caterpillars, don'tthey?""Yes," Nielsen admitted and laughed again, al- though his emotions were threatening him, as before."I forgot about the caterpillars.""Yes, I hate 'em," she reminded him. "They'retoo—too—""Fuzzy wuzzy!" he helped her."Yes," she accepted and laughed for the first time,if not very heartily.Nielsen studied her with frank admiration. Hernature was that of a lioness. She looked capable ofpushing over or slipping from under any circum- stance. She did not even require one's sympathy.And still?— But he resisted the temptation. Forher sake, it would be better not to continue."I must be goin'," she said suddenly."Oh no, not yet!" he begged."Yes, I must be goin*," she insisted and got up."I got shoppin' to do.""Haven't you finished decorating?" he inquired,and got up against his will."No," she returned and smiled.Nielsen helped her with her coat. He was temptedto put his arms about her, but resisted. It wouldmake her departure more difficult. She turnedaround. "Is my hat on straight?""Oh yes," he assured her and added, byway ofcontrolling himself: "Vanitas vanitatum/""What's that?""More triviality!" he declared.Erna started toward the door, but he stopped herwith: "Don't you want another book to read?"The temptation was a strong one, but she dodgedit: "No, I'll be too busy now. Maybe, later on,"she concluded with a lingering tone.Nielsen looked away. Erna continued toward thedoor, but he hurried after her and opened and heldit open for her."Good-bye," she said. ''Oh no, not good-bye, but /" he quotedgently."That's a hard word to pronounce.""Try it anyhow," he encouraged her."Orrevore!""Fine!" he congratulated her, repeated the~phrase, and added: "Come in again soon.""Yes," she agreed.But she never did. XII Two months passed.Erna Vitek was still living with Jimmy Allen.There was, however, less and less likelihood thatthey would ever marry. In fact, the most probableissue to their affair was that they would separateagain, in the near future and this time for good.Erna was tired of Jimmy. For some weeks past,her restless nature had been craving some one else,or better still, some other mode of living, her presentone having reached a state of unbearable monotony.She recovered from her experience with Eric Nielsenonly after several weeks of struggle. Even such afine tonic as that supplied her so freely by her re- source of blood found the healing of her wound noordinary matter, but she had recovered, except for anoccasional memory. Her battle with her craving forNielsen did not assist her attachment for Jimmy; onthe contrary, the latter degenerated by contrast.And Jimmy, himself, was very much to blame aswell. He had changed toward her.It is no doubt true that possession often breedsboredom, and boredom, carelessness. Erna, beforepossession and after • possession, was not the same individual, and Jimmy treated her accordingly. Hewas no longer an anxious desire-maddened suitor.Furthermore, he was softening physically. Hecontinued training for his schedule of fistic contestsand carried out that schedule; he defeated YoungWalcott, the man from Chicago and another, butlately, had fought two very poor draws, in the latterof which he, himself, was on the point of beingknocked out. His manager, the astute Jerry Nolan,was losing patience with him. He bluntly attributedhis protege's decline to the fact that he was "livinwith a woman. A man's got to cut out drink if hewants to succeed as a athlete, but he's got to beto cut out women. They sucks his blood an*strength."Jimmy did not agree with this sentiment. Hecontinued to live with Erna. What is more, he hadthreatened to move out of the Nolan apartment and"to throw up the sponge"—quit the prize-ring—ifhis manager persisted in arguing along these lines.Although Nolan submitted, he found other groundsupon which to pick quarrels with Jimmy. The truthis, the young manager was ambitious, and Jimmy'sability to climb the pugilistic ladder reflected creditupon him. He had always felt and expressed hisfaith in his protege and prophesied that he wouldbe "mixin' it with the top notchers" not far hence, a prophecy Jimmy substantiated by defeating "theKid," Young Walcott and the westerner so de- cisively. But he was in danger now, as his recentbattles and his late mutiny testified. Should Jimmyfall from grace a second time, it would be irrevo- cably. Therefore, Nolan was using eloquence, per- suasion, threats, anything, to save him.Many of their quarrels took place in Erna'spresence. After a while, Jimmy, much to her grow- ing distaste, formed the habit of bringing Nolan and"some o' the boys" to the flat. Custom graduallytrained them to believe that she was nothing morethan part of the furniture, and they accepted herattentions, due them as Jimmy's guests, just so.They stayed well on into the night, amused them- selves, played pranks, broke dishes, quarrelled, madeup—and came again. And more and more, theylooked upon Erna with contempt. On her side, shehated and despised them.During the day, Jimmy was usually absent, train- ing at the Nolan headquarters in Fordham. Ernasaw him for a moment in the morning, when sheprepared his breakfast, and at evening, when sheprepared his supper, not to see him again, as a rule,until fairly late at night, except when he brought"the boys." To be sure, she slept with him and— well, she hated that too. It made her feel herselfsome dirty, inferior animal.Erna's days were still more monotonous. Shesewed quite a little, attended to details of housework, which were few, and otherwise, took longwalks or went to an afternoon vaudeville or movingpicture show. As she was accustomed to a day ofconstant labor and occupation, she had never knownmuch idleness; her evenings were spent in resting orin the search of a little excitement. Moreover,Erna's was purely an emotional nature; she did notpossess the intellect or imagination so requisite to- ward making idleness useful. Unfortunately, shehad no friends to visit.At first, Jimmy gave her money in regular install- ments. Their house expenses paid, she would havea sufficient balance with which to indulge herself—with a new hat, a new dress, a few odds and ends,or her afternoon amusements. The installments,however, were more and more irregular and smallerin amount; last week, none had materialized. Thereason was this: Jimmy had returned to drinking.And the climax was impending. One night, hecame home late, pretty well drunk.Erna opened the door. He swayed and thenstaggered into the room, a broad leer on his face."Howsh—the—girl?" he demanded stupidly. He tried to embrace her, but Erna stepped back,and he nearly fell. With an effort, he straightenedhimself and laughed. "Wha—whash—a—mat- ter?"«Erna's resentment poured over. "You beast!"she said in low tones."You—what?" He leaned forward to hearbetter."Beast, I said," and she pelted him with epithetsand reproaches.Jimmy made several ludicrous attempts to apolo- gize, and protested: "I—l'm not—d-drunk; II'm just—ossified." And he laughed more stupidlyand tried to approach."Keep away!''4 4 Wha—whash—a—matter ?''"Keep away!""Wheresh—No—Nolan?""Nolan's in hell, where he belongs," she criedangrily, and a second tirade followed, directed thistime at the manager and Jimmy's friends."Be c-c-careful!" he interrupted, but she addedfurther condemnation. "Be c-c-careful!" he re- peated. "No—Nolan's a frien' o' mine an' so'sP-p-piggy Wallace. Be c-c-careful!"His defence only succeeded in infuriating her.She concluded with two or three judgments that in- eluded the families of those gentlemen. Jimmy'sgood nature stopped. "You !" he called herand stumbled toward her.Erna retreated, her face aflame. Once more, hecalled her and fell toward her. She tried toward him off, for he had driven her against thecouch. But Jimmy pushed himself forward andraising his fist, brought it down clumsily upon herface. Erna slipped and fell upon the couch, hermouth bleeding.Furious, she jumped up and attacked Jimmy.He was in a defenceless condition, and blows rainedupon his shoulders, body and head. He tried toraise his guard, but it was useless. At length,swearing incoherently, she struck him full in theface, and he swayed, mumbled stupidly and toppledover on the couch, unconscious or asleep—morelikely the latter. Handsome Jimmy was a disgust- ing sight.Erna, still struggling with herself, looked downat him. He started snoring, a part painful, partbeatific smile wrinkling his face. His legs weredangling over the side of the couch. She gave thema kick, lifted them and shoved them onto the couch.She then turned away and wiped her mouth with hersleeve. Erna had come to a simple determination.Without hesitation, she went over to a closet and opened the door. She likewise pulled open thedrawer of a commode. And somewhere, she foundan old suit case and dragged that forth. Her pack- ing did not last more than twenty minutes. She lefta hat, a dress and some odds and ends behind her.»•••••••One pleasant late afternoon about two weekslater, Eric Nielsen was occupied in writing at hisdesk. He was engaged on an essay he had plannedand started some time ago. His pencil was movingmore rapidly than usual.The door was opened gently and BainbridgeBreen came in. "Busy?" he inquired."Come in! I'll be through in a second," Nielsenreturned without looking up.The painter came forward. The author's pencilscribbled a little faster, a period was jotted down,and he laid aside the pencil, at the same time eyeinghis work and sighing with satisfaction."Finished?""Oh no, not for some time. I've got severalthousand words more," Nielsen explained."How's it coming on?""Splendidly!" was the optimistic rejoinder. "IfI can keep sufficient enthusiasm in my body, I oughtto be able to carry it through perfectly." "It'll be your chef-d'oeuvre, I suppose," Breenobserved with his customary pleasantry."I hope so," Nielsen admitted seriously. "It'sstronger than anything I've done, I feel. It showsmaturity, I think, not only maturity of judgment, butmaturity of execution as well.""In other words, Art," Breen interrupted slyly."What more do you ask?""Nothing," confessed Nielsen, and his warmsmile appeared."But what's the matter with the story?" thepainter demanded."How do you mean?" the author retorted."I thought that had fulfilled your ambition.""Not quite, not quite," Nielsen hastened to deny,and was thoughtful. "I don't know just what itwas, but there was something missing in it," he saidgently, and changing the subject, concluded ab- ruptly : "I'm sure I have that something in this es- »»say.Breen explained himself: "You know whatmade me ask about the story?""No. What?""I had lunch in a small bakery on Sixth Avenuethis noon.""Well?""Guess whom I saw there?" "Well?"Can t you guess ?"Out with it!""Our old friend: Erna Vitek!"Nielsen turned and stared at his friend. He wasunable to speak."What do you think o' that?" Breen pursued,unruffled."She must have left Allen.""Yes!""And is working again?""Yes!"Nielsen stared at the floor now. He seemed una- ble to formulate, much less express, an opinion."How is she? Changed?" he requested at last."Somewhat! She's quite a little harder and abit more quiet—that is the way matters appeared tome. But her eyes have lost none of their boldness.And besides, she seems to like it there.""She does?""Yes, and she' s very popular too.""How so?""The men are very attentive, it looked to me,"Breen volunteered significantly."And she?""She's still got an eye open. Not as wide open, perhaps, as in the old days, but it isn't closed, that'scertain."Nielsen was silent, reflecting.At length, Breen asked: "What do you imaginewill become of her?""How?""I mean, of her life—what life do you supposeshe'll lead eventually: this young lady so moral,unmoral or—""I can't say exactly," Nielsen, who disliked thetopic, interrupted."Think she'll take to the streets?""No, no, not that!" was the vehement denial."Why not?"Again, Nielsen seemed unable to answer, buthe boasted unexpectedly: "She's too strong. Shehas fight in her—and love of freedom.""But so have street ladies.""Yes, but they don't carry it through.""Why not?""I don't know," was the stubborn reply. "Theydon't, that's all.""Well, do you? Does Tom, Dick or Harry?Does Erna?""I don't know. Let's drop the subject.""/ wouldn't be so certain that she does," Breeninsinuated, still persisting. "Of course, you wouldn't," Nielsen condemned,unable longer to hold back his emotion. "You'rewisdom itself."The young artist decided to shift the topic:"Heard from Carstairs lately?"Animation returned to Nielsen. "Yes, I heardfrom John last night.""Is he still in Indianapolis?""Yes, he has a fine position there and seems con- tented now.""And Elsie Pearson?""Oh, that'll come off, as you said the other day.""Marriage?""Yes!""Good for John! I'm glad he won. He was along time waiting."Nelsen nodded. He was thoughtful once more.But he shook off the mood and asked: "What areyou doing, Breen?""Getting ready for spring.""That's so—spring'll be here in a week or two.Going out to the country as usual?""Yes, I've gathered a bunch of canvases andplenty of tubes, etcetera, and off I'll go.""Going to Connecticut again?""Yes, that's the only country for a landscapepainter." "I suppose so," Nielsen agreed."How about supper?" Breen interposed."Why, what time is it?""After five o'clock.""By Jove—that late? I must be getting dressedsoon.""Got an engagement?""Yes, I' m going to feed with the Plymptons.""Too bad! That means, I'll have to eat alone.See you in the morning! So long!" and Breenmoved away."Going over to Landsmann's?""Yes. But it's hopelessly dull there these days.It'll give me the incurables to-night.""Or a tummy-ache, at least," Nielsen addedgood-humoredly."Yes, so long!""So long!"Breen went out quietly and closed the door.Nielsen studied the door with a blank expression.But he shook himself and returned to his manuscript.In a moment, he was absorbed, re-reading. The April issue of THEGLEBE will present Collectsand prose-pieces by HoraceTraubel. POETRYA MAGAZINE OF VERSEEdited by Harriet Monroe, 543 Cass St., Chicago, 111. POETRY, at the end of its first year, is no longer an experi-ment but an assured artistic success, a publication whoseimportance is authoritatively recognized, not only in thiscountry, but in Great Britain and France as well. Thefield it has opened up is full of brilliant possibilities, en-couraging the editors to hope for the enthusiastic sup-port of a discriminating public.POETRY endeavors to present the best verse now beingwritten in English, quality alone being the test of ac-ceptance.POETRY is an effort to create an organ for the art. Whilethe ordinary magazines must minister to a large publiclittle interested in poetry, this magazine appeals to andwill develop a public primarily interested in poetry asan art, potentially the highest, most complete human ex-pression of truth and beauty. Thus it offers to poets achance to be heard by their own audience, in their ownplace, without the limitations imposed by the popularmagazines. And to lovers of poetry it offers each montha sheaf of new verse in delicate form uninterrupted byprose articles demanding a different mood.If You Love Good Poetry, Subscribe—POETRY543 Cass Street, Chicago.Send POETRY for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginningtoNameAddress THE INTERCOLLEGIATE SOCIALISTThought-Compelling, Admirably Written Quarterlyof Socialism and the Socialist Movement Among the year's contributors are:Karl Kautsky, Jean Longuet, Keir Hardie, Morris Hillquit,Alexander Irvine, Helen L. Sumner, Sidney and BeatriceWebb, Prof. Vida D. Scudder, Upton Sinclair, William Eng-lish Walling, Charles Zueblin, Ernest Poole, Howard Bru-baker, Albert Edwards, Jessie W. Hughan, Caro Lloyd.READ ITS REVIEW OF BOOKS!SUBSCRIPTION, 25c. SINGLE COPY, 10c.15 COPIES, $l.OO.INTERCOLLEGIATE SOCIALIST SOCIETY105 WEST 40TH STREET - - NEW YORK CITY THE INTERNATIONALA magazine for matured minds.A magazine for those who dare to think.A magazine for all true cosmopolites.A magazine with a courage so fearless that it publishesthe best.Brieux, Schnitzler, Strindberg are only a few of the ad-vanced thinkers who have appeared in the pages of THEINTERNATIONAL.We have been in the vanguard of intellectual freedom.We shall always be far ahead of our times.You may glimpse the future by reading THE INTER-NATIONAL.George Sylvester Viereck, Editor.Leonard D. Abbott, Richard Le Gallienne, Associate Editors.15 CENTS A COPY. $1.50 A YEAR.MOODS PUBLISHING COMPANY29 WEST 42ND STREET - - NEW YORK CITY