Bruno's Weekly 2 21 May 20th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-05-20_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 21 Some Dogs of Greenwich Village Illustration 1 Victory and Defeat 3 Greenwich Village in History 3-5 A Forgotten American Journalist G. B cre 5-6 From an old English Chap Book. Illustration 7 Two Tales by N. Shebooev Translated from the Russian by M. w cre 7-8 Dawn Richard Aldington cre 8 Tom Sleeper's Spring Song An Ode to Spring Tom Sleeper cre 9 In Memoriam: Dick Davis William Marion Reedy cre 9 Dead Peacocks Illustration 9 OSCAR WILDE HIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONS FRANK HARRIS cre 10-11 Oscar Wilde—about 1900. Illustration 11 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 12 Just One Scene 12-13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Thoughts on Suicide—IV Martin Brown cre 14 Masks After the German of Peter Altenberg by Guido Bruuo cre 14-15 The Song Alfred Kreymborg cre 15 Prejudice Alfred Kreymborg cre 15 Impressions of America Oscar Wilde cre 16-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents May 20th, 1916W. &lt;fe G. Copyright by Guido Bruno, May 20th, 1916. Original matter,including all drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 21 MAY 20th, MCMXVI. Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Gttido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY.' ' v' • *■ 4 ' * ' • 3 t BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S' WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. BRUNO'S WEEKLY. j a Poem published in an American magazine on February 15th 1882Wilae wrote: • '''And in the throbbing engine roomLeap the long rods of polished steel."**4iPoeras by Oscar Wilde. Also his Lecture on the Fn^«sliIRR?aiS/fanCp JheMSea^rde,LibIary' VoK lviiL No- 1183&gt; January 19th,188.,. 4to. Pp. 32. New York: • George Munro, Publisher. ,eighfdoilars. ed,"°n WaS ,&lt;&gt;ld by aUC,io" in New Y°rk BRUNO'S WEEKLY. (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 19 15, under the Act of March3d, 1879. %ll 11 li™ lira i l m Some Dogs of Greenwich Village Victory and Defeat Every victory shows a more difficult height to scale, a steeperpinnacle of god-like hardship—that's the reward of victory: itprovides the hero with ever-new battle-fields: no rest for himthis side the grave.But what of defeat? What sweet is there in its bitter? Thismay be said for it; it is our great school: punishment teachespity, just as suffering teaches sympathy. In defeat the brave soullearns kinship with other men, takes the rub to heart; seeks outthe reason for the fall in his own weakness, and ever afterwardsfinds it impossible to judge, much less condemn his fellow. Butafter all no one can hurt us but ourselves; prison, hard labour,and the hate of men; what are these if they make you truer, wiser,kinder? -Have you come to grief through self-indulgence and good-living?Here are months in which men will take care that you shall eatbadly and lie hard. Did you lack respect for others? Here aremen who will show you no consideration. Were you careless ofothers' sufferings? Here now you shall agonize unheeded: gaolersand governors as well as black cells just to teach you. Thankyour stars then for every day's experience, for, when you havelearned the lesson of it and turned its discipline into service, theprison shall transform itself into a hermitage, the dungeon intoa home; the burnt skilly shall be sweet in your mouth; and yourrest on the plank bed the dreamless slumber of a little child.Frank Harris in "Oscar Wilde and his Confessions" Greenwich Village in History * ADMIRAL SIR PETER WARREN was in New York in1744. He had then returned from Martinique, where hecaptured many French and Spanish prizes with his squadronof sixteen sailing craft. These were sold for him by StephenDe Lancey &amp; Co., and netted him a considerable fortune, andit is said that he bought his Greenwich farm of three hundredacres with a part of the money. At any rate, the rise ofGreenwich is attributed to Sir Peter, who married thedaughter of his sales agent, Susannah De Lancey. AbingdonSquare, with its little park, is a memento of the Warren farm,the oldest of Sir Peter's three daughters having married theEarl of Abingdon for whom the Square is named. AbijahHammond became the owner of the farm after the death of the vice-admiral, and in 1819 Mr. Van Nest purchased fromhim the mansion, with the square bounded by Fourth,Bleecker, Perry and Charles Streets. In 1865 the house wastorn down, and most of the present houses were erected onits site.No more bewildering confusion of street formation existsanywhere than in this section of the city, where was onceold Greenwich. An example is Fourth Street, which crossesTenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Streets at very nearly rightangles. Other streets start all right, run for a block or twowith regularity, and then take unreasonable turns, or elsebring up one before a brick wall. This condition may beattributed to the fantastic ideas of the owners of land inthat section in the early period of the city's growth. Whena short cut from one place to another was desired they cuta lane, and perhaps another to some part of the farm land,leaving, with what improved conditions the city has made instreet-making there, a tangled network of the old and thenew that will not assimilate.Greenwich Road followed the line of the present Green- wich street, along the shore front, and led to Greenwich Vil- lage. While in dry weather most of the route was goodground, in wet weather, especially in the region of the Lis- penard salt meadows, which then lay north and south of thepresent Canal street, and of the marshy valley of MinettaCreek (about Charlton street), it was difficult of access. Aninland road was therefore'approved in 1768 from the PostRoad (the present Bowery) to what is now Astor Place, thento Waverly Place, then to Greenwich avenue. Two sectionsof this road exist to-day: Astor Place and Greenwich avenuebetween Eighth and Fourteenth streets. The rest is oblit- erated.The open space at Astor Place is a part of the road toGreenwich known as Monument Lane, or "road to the Obe- lisk," because at' its northern extremity, or which is nowEighth avenue and Fifteenth street, General Wolfe, the heroof Quebec, had a memorial erected to him. The lane ex- tended from the Bowery to Washington Square, turned north- west and skirted Greenwich Village. At Jefferson Market,where Greenwich avenue joins Sixth avenue, the reader willfind the last section of the inland road.. No more healthful location exists in than whatwas once the site of the village. The epidemics of virulentdiseases that attacked the old city found no lodgment inGreenwich.. This healthfulness is due to the fact that theunderyling soil of the district to a depth of at least fifty feetis a pure sand, and provides excellent natural drainage.Bank street is reminiscent of the yellow fever epidemic in1798, in that the Bank of New York and a branch of the Bankof the United States purchased two plots of eight city lotseach in Greenwich Village, far away from the city proper, towhich they could remove in case of being placed in danger of quarantine. In 1799 two houses were erected on them, and inSeptember of the same year the banks were removed to thevillage, and gave the name to the present street, which wasthen a lane. The year 1822 saw another influx of populationto Greenwich Village because of its healthfulness. "The townfairly exploded and went flying beyond its borders, as thoughthe pestilence had been a burning mine. The city presentedthe appearance of a town besieged. From daybreak till nightone line of carts, containing merchandise and effects, wereseen moving toward Greenwich Village and the upper partsof the city. Carriages and hacks, wagons and horsemen, werescouring the streets and filling the roads. Temporary storesand offices were erecting. Even on Sunday carts were inmotion, and the saw and hammer busily at work. Within afew days thereafter (September) the Custom House, thePost Office, the bank, the insurance offices and the printersof newspapers located themselves in the village, or in theupper part of Broadway, where they were free from the im- pending danger, and these places almost instantaneously be- came the seat of the immense business usually carried on inthe great metropolis." . This epidemic "caused the buildingup of many streets with numerous wooden buildings, for theuses of the merchants, banks,'offices, etc." An old authoritysays that he "saw corn growing on the present corner ofHammond (West Eleventh) and Fourth streets on a Saturdaymorning, and on the following Monday Sykes and Nible hada house erected capable of accommodating three hundredboarders. Even the Brooklyn ferryboats ran up here daily."Three remnants of Greenwich Village are the two old framedwellings at the southwest corner of Eleventh street andSixth avenue, and the triangular graveyard near the corner,the second place of burial owned by the Jews on the island.When Eleventh street was opened almost the whole of theJewish burial ground was swept away. The street went di- rectly across it, leaving only the corner on its south side anda still smaller corner on its north side. */ am indebted for this story to Mr. Henry Collins Brown, whogave me permission to extract it from his beautiful "Book of OldNew York" printed by him privately for collectors. A Forgotten American Journalist G.B. AMONG old manuscripts in a second-hand bookshop inPhiladelphia, I found on a recent trip, letters and articleswritten by an American journalist and editor of the Fifties,by Willis Gaylord Clark. So original and so progressed werehis ideas on men and things in these old yellow sheets,offered for sale at a pittance, that I tried to find out a littlemore about this satyrist, whose name seems to be given tooblivion. His brother, Lewis Gaylord Clark, published in1844, a little volume of the literary remains, and that wasabout all I could find. In the preface to this collection aletter of Washington Irving is reproduced in which Irvingexpresses his sympathy with the family of the deceasednewspaperman, and closes with this passage:"And he has left behind him writings which will make menlove his memory and lament his loss." Willis Gaylord Clark was born in Otisco, in the county ofOnondaga, in the state of New York. He was the son of asoldier in the days of the Revolution, and writing for news- papers and periodicals since the age of fourteen. He waseditor of the Columbian Star, in South Carolina, and latertook over the editorship of the Philadelphia Gazette. Hewrote for the New York Knickerbocker Magazine a seriesof amusing papers under the quaint title of Ollapodiana. Thepermanent value of Mr. Clark's newspaper feuilletons in thedaily Amrican Press is pointed out in an extended notice inthe American Quarterly Review; in the Editor's Table ofthe Knickerbocker Magazine for July, 1841, an account ofhis life is given on three pages. He was a poet and a fewof his poems can be found in the "Poets and Poetry ofAmerica."He seems to me the only American representative of thatbranch of Journalism which is unknown in the newspapersof the United States: the feuilleton, a happy combination ofnarrative, instructive, satyrical, about something that hap- pened today or yesterday, with a touch of intimacy in amilieu, familiar to every reader.Among the many articles h£ wrote, a few are especiallyinteresting because they seem so far ahead of their owntimes. There is, for instance, "Leaves from an Aeronaut,"humorous, but most likely imaginary ascension in adirigible balloon and the travel through the air.Then there is a series of short sketches which appearedin the Philadelphia Gazette, 1830 and 1831, as fictitious corre- spondence from New York, "Mephistopheles in New York."His critical paper, "American Poets and their Critics," isa most remarkable rebuke to the poets of the Forties, menand women who had created social centres in New Yorkand were at their best proclaiming the fame of English poetryand of English men of letters, denying that there was anyliterature- of importance in America. This -article, "AmericanPoets and I heir Critics," had been refused by most of thereputable American literary journals, but appeared subse- quently in London. I would like to quote a passage, whichwill illustrate how decidedly American Clark wished to seeAmerican letters and art. "The fact is as undeniable asit is generally acknowledged, that since the death of LordByron, the best fugitive poetry of the United States has beengreatly superior to that of England. We have bards amongus whose productions would shine by the side of seven- tenths even of the authors collected in those ponderous tomesentitled the 'British Classics,' or 'Selected British Poets.'Let any reader of taste look over those collections, and seehow much matter there is in them, of no superior merit, float- ing down the stream of time, like flies in amber, only because/it is bound up with productions of acknowledged and endur- ing excellence." * From an old English Chap Book. Two Tales by N. Shebooev Translated from the Russian by M.w. The Creative Power J MADLY loved a musical-comedy actress, tt seemed thatshe loved me, too. •She was constantly repeating:"Why don't you write a play in which I should have themain part."I sat down and wrote a drama.Now I am in love with a dramatic actress.I think, she loves me, too.She constantly repeats:"Why don't you write a drama in which I should play themain part."I sat down, and I am writing—a farce. Perpetuum In a week's time we met in a restaurant.Of course, we talked about women.He said: "In my life women cut no figure!"You are very unfortunate! declared I with regret.In a week's time we met in a restaurant.Our conversation, of course, was about women."In my life women cut no figure!"Such a lucky fellow! exclaimed I, with envy.In a week's time we talked about women again."In my life women cut no figure!" said I, throwing myselfback of the chair."You are very unfortunate!" exclaimed he, with sorrow.Again we met in a week's time.I said: In my life women cut no figure!"Some lucky fellow!" filtered he, with envious irritation.To-day we talked about women."What is the use of raising this question!" said he in- dolently, "it is a perpetuum mobile!""A perpetuum immobile,"'—I corrected him. Dawn By Richard Aldington JT is night; and silent.The mist is still beside the frozen dykes; it lies on thestiff grass, about the poplar trunks. The last star goes out.The gulls are coming up from the sea, crying and driftingacross like pieces of mist, like fragments of white cloth.They turn their heads and peer as they pass. The sky lowdown glows deep purple.The plovers swirl and dart over the ploughed Held Deyond;their screams are sorrowful and sharp. The purple driftsup the pale sky and grows redder. The mist stirs.The (brass on the harness of the plough-horses jingles asthey come into the field. The birds rise in scattered1 knots.The nlist trembles, grows thinner, rises. The red and goldsky shines dully on the ice. : ,Vi■ ' ' •' ... r. -■ »'The men shout across the thawing clods; the ploughs creak;the horses steam in the cold; the plovers and gulls have gone;the sparrows twitter.The sky is gold and blue, very faint and damp.It is day.From Images-—Old and New. The Four Seas Co., Boston, 1916. Tom Sleeper's Spring Song An Ode to Spring Tom Sleeper ""VHE bloomin' buds are bustin' on all the bally treesAnd the robins come a wheezin' and a snortin'down the breeze . -The donkeys are a brayin' and the jays begin to sing'Cause they know without our tellin' 'emIt's Spring—Sweet Spring.The fishes in the ocean are a jumpin' and a splashin'And the water bugs are actin' in a most peculiar fashionThe cats are yowlin' choruses a sittin' in a ring'Cause they know without our tellin' 'emIt's Spring—Sweet Spring.The mushrooms,in.the cellar'll be blooming pretty soonAnd the neighbor's puppies whin in' and a yapping at;the moon •The April skies *are leakin' and a wettin' everythingSo come on and join the chorus—Here's toSpring—Sweet Spring. In Memoriam: Dick Davis William Marion Reedy Richard Harding Davis had his ioible of vanity, but hewas a man of quality, too. His courage was never questionedand his integrity as a reporter of events as he saw themwas flawless. Moreover, he could write real romance. Andonly O. Henry has things to his credit that surpass in short- story craftsmanship "Gallegher" and"The: Bar Sinister,"while the "Van Bibber" sketches are as true to life as thevare happy in spirit. "Dickie" Davis Was a pretty high typeof American and not the less high because he did good workalthough possessed from the beginning of means that wouldhave prevented many another young man from doing any-,thing. They are a little breed who attempt tQ belittle theachievements of Richard Harding Davis. Dead Peacocks OSCAR WILDE HIS LIFE ANDCONFESSIONS By FRANK HARRIS Oscar Wilde—about 1900. The next issue of Bruno's Weekly will contain a review anda few of the most remarkable passages from the latest workof Frank Harris.This work is the most important human document of thetwentieth century. It is not merely the life of a man. It isthe evolution of an epoch in English life and letters. It is aromance as it could be written only by Life itself with theheart-blood of men and women.It is a supreme tragedy because none of its actors everthought it could be one. It shows men at their worst whilethey were forgetting pity and compassion, revelling in inhu- manity and cruelty for the defense of that image of a wrongChristian humanity they had made for themselves. It showsman at his nearest to God: humble, resigned, in the confession- al; drinking to the dregs the bitterest cup; voluntarily—at thegate of a new, of a real life.The gate opens. Pity above all, and love eves as punish- ment, is the driving power of this new life.Friendship is written in this book upon each page; unselfishlove even towards the one who was the Judas Iscariot; whohad ruined a life unknowingly; who had caused pains andcondemnation and had driven a man to soul suicide. Love andpity for the very man who would not allow the dead to sleeppeacefully.And then the end.An end with terror.The man died as he had lived!That last chapter of the book!Eternal Justice has been dispensed and the dead are beingput to rest with loving reverence. There is left only a sweetmemory; a fragrance of the beautiful in a man's life; and pityand love.Frank Harris has written a true life of Oscar Wilde.' But incidentally, a wonderful book for humanity.A big man has written about a fellow man in a big way.Love was his guardian angel.Love led love to victory. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Chocolate IQUID delectable, I love thy brownDeep-glimmering color like a wood-nymph's tress;Potent and swift to urge on Love's excess,Thou wert most loved in the fair Aztec town.Where Cortes, battling for Iberia's crown,First found thee, and with rough and soldier guess,Pronounced thy virtues of rare worthinessAnd fit by Madrid's dames to gain renown.When tasting of thy sweets, fond memories:Of bygone days in Versailles will arise;Before the King, reclining at his easeI see Dubarry in rich toilet stand,A gleam of passion in her lustrous eyes,A Sevres cup in her jeweled hand! Coffee berry! where may mortals findNectars divine that can with thee compare,When, having dined, we sip thy essence rare.And feel towards wit and repartee Inclined?Thou wert of sneering, cynical VoltaireThe only friend; thy power urged Balzac's mindTo glorious effort; surely Heaven designedThy devotees superior joys to share.Whene'er I breathe thy fumes, 'mid Summer stars,The Orient's splendent pomps my vision greet.Damascus with its myriad minarets gleams!I see thee, smoking, in immense bazars,Or yet in dim seraglios, at the feetOf blonde Sultanas, pale with amorous dreams! Just One Scene IBRARY of the husband.Shrivelled up in a deep chair, her closed hands twitch- ing nervously between her knees, the young wife.The husband is seated at the writing table.He siAokes cigarettes, walks up and down, resumes hisseat, walks up and down, again resumes: his seat.They never look one at the other.A long suspended scene.The husband opens the drawer of his writing table.He takes out a small, long box, and opens it.He holds a gun in his hands.The young wife watches him intensely.She shrinks back and watches him figain; motionless. THE HUSBAND: "To the telephone, Nelly!"She rises, walks over to the telephone upon the table.The husband hands her the receiver; he turns the mouth- piece towards her face."What's your lover's number?"Silence. ' ' ''''' "" '•"What—is—your lover's—number?""5712" " ■'Following the peremptory look of husband, she callsthe number into the instrument; "5712."Silence. ,THE HUSBAND whispering, but it sounds more likehissing, into her ear: "This is Nelly -"A little silence; evidently somebody speaks at the otherend of the line. *THE HUSBAND: "I'm so lonesome for you, I am sowretched without you —— "She repeats these words.THE HUSBAND: "If you only were here ———She repeats. ,THE HUSBAND: &lt;fMy husband went away this morningquite unexpectedly. He will stay away for three days. .Won tyou come, dear* ?"She is silent.He looks at her.She is silent . vHe points the gun at her.She speaks the words into the telephone.An inaudible answer at the other end of the wire.She screams into the instrument:"Don't come! He is here! He-knows everything!"The husband places his finger on the trigger.She stares boldly into his face, erect,, ready to die, but sosad. /, •He has let go the gun.It crashes to the floor.He walks over to the writing desk.He is seated.A long? silence .Then he speaks very slowly: "So it is then; if a woman- really loves a man? Nelly go! —-— —and go in peace!"After the German of Peter Altenberg by Guido Bruno Thoughts on Suicide—IV By Martin Brown Poison the rose-leaves, let the petals fallThey'll serve as actors in my little play.Each one a tear, a hope, or best of allThe sunshine sweetness of a golden day.The hour grows late, yet still the purple wineInvites a parting toast—let us agreeTo drink to those dead days when you were mineWhen I was yours, first, last and utterly.You frown—alas my heart is sorrow-sore,Your husband too has set his glass eside.Let's pass it then for I have many moreHow's this? A health unto the virgin bride.You will not drink? . My glass is all prepared.You will not stay? How sad that word good-bye.If they had known it how they would have stared,A toast to death—'tis done, and I can die. The Roman Way A bath of clouded glass or gleaming tile,A perfumed powder brought from Araby,Clear crystal water warm enough to stillPulsating nerves that tremble foolishly.An ethered drink to make it more a dream,A jewelled knife that severs instantlyThe big blue veins that cross upon each wrist.Sharp stinging pain that slowly dies away.Indifferent drooping eyes that vaguely watchThe crimson 'spirals merging cloudily,A growing faintness and a cynic's smile,A bath of blood—a soul gone utterly. Masks After the German of Peter Altenberg by Guido Bruuo The Philosopher As neighbours you will only see in us the one-thousandthpart of our real self. ,Could you see the whole of us you surely would notrecognize us. The Curious "Please do tell me what is grotesque?"It is -that part of our real nature which the necessity oflife makes us give up. The Coquette To be able to play with life is artistic—Plentiful are your hours of irest for your comic seriousness. The Complicated Without masks we are masks only distorted to simplicityand too easy to be understood by commonsense. The Danseuse I am just grace and dignity.Never should I feel or think.It degrades my class, but I have to live, too—, and there- fore I have to be—of course very privately—a sensible woman. The Tragedienne Of course poets break the hearts of their heroines. Tovulgar pains do I have to concentrate myself, hypocritically.But my tragedies occur every hour of the day and theycannot be acted. And my poets are not born yet. The Poetess When I am silently in thought, I am really a poetess 1It is at the shortcomings of human art that the divine soulbegins to speak audibly. The Painter In me lives the Divine Painter, my eye, reflecting thethings of the world.But long is the way-from eye to hand—.Blossoming pastures dry to deserts. The Woman of the World "Look at me!" sobs eternally an abused little child—But the rustling of my silks sounds louder in*my«ears.Do you see in us only a daring play of colors? We cannotchange it.If we do it with taste, we live even without an idea. The Song Alfred Kreymborg. |T is a bit of a river that flows between—between thestrip of land on this and the strip of land on that side.Thousands of honeyless hives bury the strip on this;thousands the strip on that side—honeyless hiveschoked by honeyless two-legged lives—but what ofthese? It is night.It is night, but a song, borne by a friendly wind,steals across the river across from yonder side to this!across to me. It is not a song of night's; it is not asong of Nature's; it is not a song of the gods.' It is but stay It is not for*you. \ our name is Profanation;you are of the honeyless two-legs that choke thehoneyless hives that bury the earth; you are It is a bit of a river that flows between. It is night.A song steals across to me. And only the river 'twixtsinger and me. Prejudice Alfred Kreymborg. Little mouse:Are you.^some rat's little child?I wont love you if you are. Impressions of America By Oscar Wilde This interesting account of Oscar Wilde's tour through Americawas printed privately in a booklet for circulation among hisfriends, by Stuart Mason, and on account of the scarcity of thiirprivate print, was not accessible to the public. It is not containedin his collected works.I fear I cannot picture America as altogether an Elysium—perhaps, from the ordinary standpoint I know but littleabout the country. I cannot give its latitude or longitude;I cannot compute the value of its dry goods, and I have novery close acquaintance with its politics. These are matterswhich may not interest you, and they certainly are notinteresting to me.The first thing that struck me on landing in America wasthat if the Americans are not the most well-dressed peoplein the world, they are the most comfortably dressed. Menare seen1 there with the dreadful chimney-pot hat, but thereare very few hatless men; men wear the shocking swallow- tail coat, but,few are to seen with no coat at all. There isan air of comfort in the appearance of the people which isa marked contrast to that seen in this country, where, toooften, people are seen in close contact with rags.The next thing particularly noticeable is that everybodyseems in a hurry to catch a train. This is a state of thingswhich is not favourable to poetry or romance. Had Romeoor Juliet been in a constant state of anxiety about trains,or had their minds been agitated by the question of return- pickets, Shakespeare could not have given us those lovelybalcany scenes which are so full of poetry and pathos.America is the noisiest country that ever existed. One iswaked up in the morning, not by the singing of the nightin- gale, but by the steam whistle. It is surprising that thesound practical sense of the Americans does not reduce thisintolerable noise. All Art depends upon exquisite and deli- cate sensibility,* and such continual turmoil must ultimatelybe destructive of the musical faculty.. There is not so much beauty to be found in American citiesas in Oxford, Cambridge, Salisbury, or Winchester, whereare lovely relics of a beautiful age; but still there is a gooddeal of beauty to be seen in them now and then, but onlywhere the American has not attempted to create it Wherethe Americans have attempted to produce beauty they havesignally failed. A remarkable characteristic of the Americansis the manner in which they have applied science to modernlife.This is apparent in the most cursory stroll through NewYork. In England an inventor is regarded almost as a crazyman, and in too many instances invention ends in disappoint- ment and poverty. In America an inventor is honoured, helpis forthcoming, and the exercise of ingenuity, the application of science to.the work of man, is there the shortest road towealth. There is no country in the world where machineryis so lovely as in America.I; have always wished to believe that the line of strengthand the line of beauty are one. That wish was realisedwhen I contemplated American machinery. It was not untilI had seen *the water-works at Chicago that I realised thewonders of machinery; the rise and fall of the steel rods,the symmetrical motion of the great wheels is the mostbeautifully rhythmic thing I have ever seen.* One is im- pressed in America, but not favourably impressed, by theinordinate size of everything. The country seems to tryto bully one into a belief in its power by its impressivebigness. .I was disappointed with Niagara—most people must bedisappointed with Niagara. Every American bride ir takenthere, and the sight of the stupendous waterfall must beone of the earliest, if not the keenest, disappointments inAmerican married life. One. sees it under bad conditions,very far away, the point of view not showing the splendourof the water. To appreciate it really one has to see it fromunderneath the fall, and to do that it is necessary to bedressed in a yellow oil-skin, which is as ugly as a mackin- tosh—and 1 hope none of you ever wears one. It is aconsolation to know, however, that such an artist as MadameBernhardt has not only worn that yellow, ugly dress, buthas been photographed in it.Perhaps the most beautiful part of America is the West,to reach which, however, involves a journey by rail of sixdays, racing along tied to an ugly tin-kettle of a steamengine. I found but poor consolation for this lourney in tnefact that the boys who infest the cars and sell everythingthat one can eat—or should not eat—were selling editions ofmy poems vilely printed on a kind of grey blotting paperfor the low price of ten cents.** Calling these boys on oneside I told them that though poets like to be popular theydesire to be paid, and selling editions of my poems withoutgiving me a profit is dealing a blow at literature which musthave a disastrous effect on poetical aspirants. Xhe invariablereply that they made was that they themselves made aprofit out the transaction and that was all thev cared about.It is a popular superstition that in America a visitor isinvariably addressed as "Stranger." I was never once ad- dressed as "Stranger." When I went to Texas 1 was calledCaptain ; when I got to the centre of the country I wasaddressed as "Colonel," and, on arriving at the borders ofMexico, as "General." .On the whole, however. "Sir" the old English method of addressing people is the most common.It is, perhaps, worth while to note that what many peoplecall Americanisms are really old English expressions whichhave lingered in our colonies while they have been lost inour own country. HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Amu* University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S40 West 8th StreetTABLE D'HOTE'Elating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry*speaking of Gonfarone's in one of his unexcelled Green-wich Village Stories.**1ER*GREENWICH VILLAGE INN(Polly's)147 WEST 4TH STREETBetween Washington Sq. &amp;6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining RoomFrom the making of a lamp tothe creation of a period roomthere is a right way and a wrongway. The problems of your ownhouse may he answered by con- §suitingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6840Sport Hats, Artist Smock Sets,Masque CostumesFor town and country.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St. nr. 6th Ave.Phone Spring 23 N. Y.WANTED you to know that at 80Washington Square South islocatedTHE TILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on displaymany odd pieces of Brasses, Pot-tery. Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6 p. m. Satur-days 10 p. m.T. D. COXStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y.JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring workneatly done. Dry cleaning ofLadies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps,etc., a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT, CIRCULATION,ETC., REQUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS OFAUGUST 24, 1912,Of Bruno's Weekly published Weekly at New York, N. Y., for April1, 1916.State of New JerseyCounty of Essex—ss. , , -Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the State and county afore-said, personally appeared Charles Edison, who, having been duly swornaccording to law, deposes and says that he is the - publisher of theBruno's Weekly and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge2nd belief, a true statement of the ownership, management (and if adaily paper, the circulation), etc., of the aforesaid publication for thedate shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912&gt;embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations, printed on thereverse of this form, to wit:1. That the names and addresses of the publisher, editor, managingeditor, and business managers are: Publisher, Charles Edison, LlewellynPark, W. Orange, N. J.: Editor, Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York, N. Y.: Managing Editor, Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York, N. Y.; Business Manager, Guido Bruno, 58 WashingtonSquare, New York, N. Y. * ,2. That the owners are: (Give names and addresses of individualowners, or, if a corporation, give its name and the names and addressesof stockholders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of the totalamount of stock.) Charles Edison, Llewellyn Park, West. Orange, N. J. ;Guido Bruno, 10 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y.3. That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other securityholders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds,mortgages, or other securities* are: (If there are none, so state.) None.4. That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of theowners, stockholders, and security holders, if any, contain not onlythe list of stockholders and security holders as they appear upon thebooks of the company but also, in cases where the stockholder orsecurity holder appears upon the books of the company as trusteeor in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or corporationfor whom such trustee is acting, is given; also that the said two para-graphs contain statements embracing affiant's full knowledge and beliefas to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders andsecurity holders who do not appear upon the books of the companyas trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity other than thatof a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe thatany other person, association, or corporation has any interest direct orindirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so statedby him. . .5. That the average number of copies of each issue of this publicationsold or distributed, through the mails or otherwise, to paid subscribersduring the six months preceding the date shown above is(This information is required from daily publications only.)Signed, CHARLES EDISON,% Publisher.Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day of March, 1916.Signed, FREDERICK BACHMANN, Notary Public,(My commission expires July 2, 1917.)(Seal.) RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSKstm Illustrated Books. Early Printed Book*. AuoeUtloa Book%Booli for Christmas Giftsipurehutd ilnfly or la seta for people who hare neither time nor oppor-tunity to select fjt themselves, or for those who hare not am— to tkbest book marts. Why not begin collecting nowTAddress, E. V.112 Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.1 BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artiste, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Car* of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq.-For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AUD INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 41*9 Spring Cor. of MacDougal StreetBeing a bookINWH I C Hwe say just what we t'link. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan, it is a littlehook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'sSons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates fotCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMETito Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street Now York City READ BRUNO'S WEEKLYand if you think fifty-two issuesare worth two dollars I will beglad to count you among mysubscribersGuido BrunoCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.CLOSED FOR THE SEASON ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCO ARTISTIC CUSHIONSIncluding wool embroidery.Unique and original designs inpatchwork. Cushions made toorder. Call or write SessersStudio Co., 82 Wash. PI., N. Y.Spring 1076. S^SKltkISRapeBoohOneof themost uniquePapers everPublished -Per Copy, 10$40? Pomes-3M BocK of Ve«e -25fE&amp;rl H. EmTnoTis. 311 W. 46 St. New YorttCitY L.There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, with oarcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison