Bruno's Weekly 2 13 March 25th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-03-25_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 13 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Honor in War Channing cre 3 The Forum Exhibition, Stieglitz and the Victim Guido Bruno cre 3-4 The Bulletinboard of Comines The Story of a French City After the German of Dr. Hans Poehlmann, German Field. Chaplain at Comines, by Guido Bruno cre 5-7 Passing Paris Muriel Giolkowska cre 7-8 Folklore From Montenegro After Oral Traditions by Guido Bruno cre 8-9 Two Fables The Singing-Bird cre 9-10 Animals Turned Authors Cat's Paw cre 10 The Movies Need Criticism William Marion Reedy in his St. Louis Mirror cre 10-11 In Our Village 11-13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-15 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 15 Book-Plate Notes. 16 Untitled Image Illustration 16 The Last of the War Correspondents. 17-18 Wall Street Reflections Junius cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents March 25th, 1916W, and 6, Copyright March 25th, 1916* Origiii natter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit it given toauthor and Bruno's Weekly« ATCHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEN FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.CClitin WaegfcMiss JuliaA Naturalistic Tragedy, In One ActBy August Sbint&amp;ttgMiss Julia Laura ArnoldJean Langdon GiOetChristine Alice BakerTht action tofys plact on MiJ-Sunmu Eot in At kitchen rf the Counts- County houseCUIDO BRUNO, Manager LANGDON COLLET, DirectorEVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,at SWKS P.M. and SATURDAY at 8 o'clock.ONLY 100 SEATS. AT ONE DOLLAR EACHTafca bad attt* BOX OFFICE, 10 FIFTH AVENUE, ar by MaS Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 13. MARCH 25th, MCMXVI. Vol. 11. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUM'S weekly BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLYin . ■. —. . i, saggggan—aaEaegggg, imi 11. 'inn 11. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKT.Y BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY {Continued from last iveek) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1916, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Honor in War Dr. Channing. The idea of honour is associated with war. But to whom doesthe honour belong? If to any, certainly not to the mass of thepeople, but to those ivho are particularly engaged in it. The massof a people, ivho stay at home and hire others to fight, who sleepin their warm beds and hire others to sleep on the cold and dampearth, who sit at their well spread board and hire others to takethe chance of starving, who nurse the slightest hurt in their own&gt;bodies and hire others to expose themselves to mortal wounds, and .to linger in comfortless hospitals, certainly this mass reap littlehonour from war. The honour belongs to those who immediatelyengage in it. Let me ask, then, what is the chief business of wartIt is to destroy human life, to mangle the limbs, to gash and hewthe body, to plunge the sword into the heart of a fellow-creature, tostrew the earth with bleeding frames, and to trample them underfoot with horses' hoofs. It is to batter down and burn cities, to turnfruitful fields into deserts, to level the cottage of the peasant, andthe magnificent abode of opulence, to siourge nations with famine,to multiply widows and orphans. Are these honourable deeds?Were you called to name exploits worthy of demons, would younot naturally select such as these? Grant that a necessity for themmay exist. It is a dreadful necessity, such as good man must recoilfrom with instinctive horror; and, though it may exempt them fromguilt, it cannot turn them into glory. IVe have thought that it washonourable to heal, to save, to mitigate pain, to snatch the sick andsinking from the jaws of death. IVe have placed among the re- vered benefactors of the human race the discoverer of arts whichalleviate human sufferings, which prolong comfort, adorn and cheerhuman life; and if these arts be honourable, where is the glory ofmultiplying and aggravating tortures and death?" The Forum Exhibition, Stieglitz andthe Victim Guido Bruno. J7LAMING RED, Irish Green, Saffron Yellow—a frameof square, heavy, black wood.Black and atrocious Blue, rectangular carmine Red, half- moons here and there, diverging lines of Brown—a narrowwhite oak frame.A broad stroke of green with purple daisies, white grass, abunch here and a bunch there, red cactuses on the far palehorizon, two figures with disheveled black hair, enormousnecks, heads bowed, the woman's breasts hanging to herknees, the man's hands reaching almost the toes of his feet—a rich, gilded frame.A naked woman, walking on air, yellow flowers beneathher, gray clouds above her, her right shoulder above herright ear, her left shoulder sloping nearly down to her left hip. No nose, but the right eye covers the cavity—a fragilewhite enamel frame.Bridges and houses and temples and towers and churches,all green and red and blue and white and black, like thebuilding blocks of children, pressed tight together, com- pressed into a deep frame ....Mr. Stieglitz, Alfred Stieglitz, absolute monarch of "291",autocrat of the dinner table (Holland House), champion ofthe sixth dimension, high priest of the fifth Buddha, connois- seur of the distorted anatomy and of the landscape tornapart: in the centre room. Lieutenants with flying neckties andlong hair, hurrying forth and back like zealous couriers, ablue coated watchman back of a big table, loaded with pub- lications: Camera work $1.50, Forum exhibition $1, Camerawork $2.50 ....A row of comfortable, inviting seats.One can overlook all three galleries; eleven walls. Stieglitzwalks up and down. The modern Ali Baba. Will he speakthe magic word? The sesame open thee. He walks down andup. The reporter of a morning paper whispers in his right ear,and the courier of art news for an evening paper spreadsbefore his eyes a report printed in his last evening's paper.Stieglitz walks up and down, and down and up. He doesnot smile, he does not speak. The elevators spit out everyminute a new lot of arrivals. And Stieglitz walks up anddown, down and up. They point at him. But the key toenlightenment, is hidden securely in his pocket and his coatis buttoned up; and he walks up and down, down and up.His boJy seems to walk three steps back of his soul, it isan eternal race, down and up, up and down, '291", HollandHouse, modern Gallery, Anderson Gallery, up and down,down and up, the body ahead of the soul, the soul ahead ofthe body ....Mv .chair is comfortable. But the walls! The rays fromthe skylight! Green. Red. Blue. Purple. Yellow. Green andyellow. Orange. Black and blue. And Red. Red. Red. Green,yellow; green, yellow; green, yellow. A head on a terribleneck. A deformed hand sticking out of a mass of brownand black squares and circles. Feet without toes, arms withfungus growths and rheumatic knots, buildings and earthand wrecked bridges and wild rivers and clouds, frozen toshapeless heaps ... it rotates and rolls and turns androtates and rises and falls, and writhes and writhes aroundand around and explodes and burns up and writhes again;hard labor, inspiration, imagination, illusion—delusion . . .trying, trying, trying again. Lies and truth—more lies, lesstruth . . ' . a big beautiful bubble.It bursts.I arise, I leave my seat. Stieglitz is walking up and down,down and up. The blue-coated man back of the periodicalcounter is selling Forum exhibition catalogues. The ele- vator is awaiting me.Down into the street. Ah! how wonderfully pure seemsthe air on a cold March morning, even here in Fortieth Streetin the heart of smoky old New York. The Bulletinboard of Comines The Story of a French City After the German of Dr. Hans Poehlmann, GermanField. Chaplain at Comines, by Guido Bruno. QERMAN soldiers in all streets and at the market place, athard work to care for the sick and wounded. Withheavy steps a regiment returns from the firing line; withserious looks but high spirits, a battalion crosses the marketplace, passes the Cafe de la Paix, called to the front. In frontof the town hall the German watch are doing routine dutyas they would at home in their barracks. The town hall itself,the Mairie, is the seat of the German commander. A Bavar- ian major rules here over the city and population of Comines.The beautiful old Gothic church is transformed into a fieldhospital. Rhododendron and magnolias are in bloom in theJardin Public. In the midst of a fine old lawn is a stinkingheap of refuse. Cattle were being killed there and had beensince the German occupation.It is a little city of nine to ten thousand inhabitants. Ithas lived through an exciting period the last few weeks. Thetorn and damaged sheets on the bulletin board of the townhall tell its short but grave story of suffering: from happinessto sorrow, from life to death. Here they are inviting itspopulation to festivals, vibrating with the terrors of war andfinally silenced by the almighty order of the German general.The Republic of France.Liberty, Fraternity, Equality.The City of Comines.The 14th of July, 1914. A National Holiday.Great ascension of carrier pigeons. Distributionof cake. At 6 o'clock, a grand concert in the citypark. At 9P. M., a public dance at the market place.All public buildings will be decorated and illumin- ated in the evening.D. Dugarin, Knight of the Legion of Honor.• July 28, 1914.To the Nation of France:Notwithstanding the endeavors of our diplomaticcorps the political situation in Europe is very grave.At present most of the governments have theirarmies mobilized. Even countries neutral, andtherefore not immediately affected, are preparing todefend their borders if necessary.France, who always demonstrated her peacefulnessand always advised previously in critical days likethese to be moderate and to abstain from the horrorsof war, is also prepared for things unforseen butwhich might happen. It must now take steps similarto those taken by other governments. Comines,Sept. 15, 1914.To pacify the families who have sons or fatherswith our armies I beg to declare that I have not re- ceived up to date, letters, notes or communicationscontaining authentic reports about possible casual- ties of our fellow-citizens. I complained on severalabout the unforgiveable negligence withwhich our mails seem to be handled. But I was notable to changc the situation.My dear fellow-citizens, be courageous, have pa- tience I The same second I receive communicationsof or about your beloved ones, immediately I shallcommunicate them to you. The Major.Official Telegram.Bordeaux, Oct. 7, 1914.Nothing new has happened of special interest. Avery violent battle raged near Roye and we finallywere victorious. The general outlook is very satis- factory. The Major.Comines, Oct. 15, 1914.My dear Fellow-citizens:I implore you, do not act against the orders of theGerman commanders. Do all vou can to satisfythem. The smallest misdemeanor on your partwould mean destruction to the city and to the popu- lation. Upon your attitude depends the life of allthe inhabitants and the fate of Comines.In case of a battle, keep to your cellars and closedoors and windows. My dear fellow-citizens, do notbe afraid. Be calm! Count on us as we are count- ing on you. Your Major.Oct. 22, 1914.The Major of the city of Comines implores all hisfellow-citizens to return to their homes and to keepquiet in case German troops should march throughour city. Women and children are prohibited fromgathering in the streets. The inciter of false alarmswill be arrested and transported to Lille.The Major.Nov. 2, 1914.The Major, the Priest and six of the most promin- ent citizens of Comines are prisoners in the townhall. In case the German troops are molested inword or action all of us will be shot dead.City of Comines, Nov. 18, 1914.Order of the Commanding General to the Citizensof Comines.1. All healthy men between the ages of 16 to 5®will assemble this morning at 9.30 in front of the town hall ready to be used for general work by theCommanding General.2. All who do not obey this order are exposingthe city and its population to the severest measures.3. Every act of hostility and every attempt tocommunicate with the hostile army will be punishedby immediate death.4. All traffic in the entire city has to stop, es- pecially at the banks of the Lys.This is the simple little story told by the bulletin board infront of the town hall of Comines, the French border city. Passing Paris Muriel Giolkowska Paris, March Ist, 1916.■"THE announcements of publications as they appear respec- tively in France and in England are significant of thedifference in intellectual stamina between the two nationali- ties. The literature of the one country is equally in voguewith the other, but, whereas the English make timorous andtardy retrospective adventures, their neighbors prefer to ex- plore among the most modern British authors. Of theseMr. G. K. Chesterton; seems to answer to a M.Charles Grolleau is about to follow up Mme. Isabelle Riviere'sCompetent translation of "The Barbarity of Berlin" with"The Crimes in England," and Dr. Sarolea's "The FrenchRenascence" has had the advantage of appearing under theauspices of the same expert, who is also taking part in arendering of "What Europe Owes to Russia," equally by Dr.Both books will be published by Cres, whose forthcomingWar literature also comprises a prose study by Verhaeren:"Parmi les Cendres" (Collection Rellum); "La MaisonAnxieuse," by Lucien Descaves; and "Impressions de Guerre,"by Henri Massis (with a frontispiece by M. Maurice Denis).The last-named author has written a life of Ernest Psichari(great-nephew of Ernest Renan), one of the war's earliestliterary victime, for "L'Art Catholique," where M. CharlesGrolleau is about to add to his most eminent feats with aversion, accompanied by a biographical notice, of FrancisThompson's "The Hound of Heaven" and other selections.This poet has only once before been attempted by a Frenchtranslator, who openly capitulated before a certain passage,leaving blanks in their place—a more honest expedient, cer- tainly, than lame or deceptive renderings.M. Anatole France has prefaced M. Paul Fort's lyric bul- letins, "Poemes de France," which, after having appearedperiodically, have been issued'in Volume by Payot (3fr.5G.)Among several new reviews announced is one entitled"Demain," founded by M. Henri Guilbeaux and published atGeneva, a locality chosen, as it were, to emphasize an ap- parently intended neutral attitude to everything except "hu- manity and truth,"the ideals for which it claims to stand.A feminist review, "Les Rayons," is reappearing at Bor- deaux.The poet P. J. Jouve, who has occasionally been men- tioned in these pages, is convalescent, after illness contractedduring the care of sick and wounded soldiers, a task he hadundertaken voluntarily, being exempted from military service.M. Alexandre Mercereau is also recovering from typhoidfever contracted at the Front, where he has been acting asstretcher-bearer during many long months.And it is with great regret that I learn of the painful dis- ablement of M. Pierre Tournier, a young poet whose chron- icle of English letters in "Pan" I always read with much in- terest. He suffered his terrible accident, entailing the loss ofone hand and damage to the other, heroically, saying he wasglad to have done his duty. From the Egoist, London Folklore From Montenegro After Oral Traditions by Guido Bruno £)URING the wars of liberation fought in Montenegroagainst the supremacy of the Turks, women were equalcomrades of men. Thev shared the trials and hardships ofwar as well as the pleasures of home life. The handshar inone hand, the rifle in the other, their infant tied to the breast,the apron filled with bullets, they were invincible. At camp- fires and home in the spinning-room on long winter even- ings, tales are narrated of these heroines of yore, of thesewomen who fought side by side with their lovers and fathersand husbands. ,* 1As castles they have the mountains,As shelter the heavens,As bed the rocks,And as sweethearts their rifles. I. jP VERY tree is a flag-pole,Every rock a fortress for the sons of the mountains,Who eat gunpowder like bread,Bullets like meat,Slaughtering the Turks like goats.For the plains are thirsting for water,And the mountains for snow,The hawks for birds,—And the Montenegrins for Turks. For gold we have our iron,With which we slaughtered them,With which we made to widows,Women, virgins and girls. II. TH E slopes are plowed with carcasses,And the trees are vested with blood-saturated ragsinstead of their foliage.Dig me a grave, but dig it high and broad,That I can load my rifle, that I can swing my handshar.Do not forget a little window,That swallows may bring spring to me and nightingalesbe the messengers of the May moon,So that birds flutter in and out, carrying to me messages,Messages from the Black Mountains and from my sons.Leave open the grave around my ear,So that I can recognize the sound of my rifle which I leftyou and you are using in the battle;But every evening, returning from the fight, come and tell mehow many you have killed,Until my ear has heard the glad tidings,That all of them have perished and are dead. Two Fables The Singing-Bird presented his Phillis with a bird which he hadcaught in the woods, whose song, he assured her, wasexquisite. The shepherdess, delighted with her present, wasnever tired of petting it; its cage was kept constantly filledwith the most delicate food, which it devoured incessantly,but never sung a note—and no wonder—it had somethingbetter to do. Poor Phillis could not understand how herlover could have been so mistaken as to praise the song of abird, which seemed to have been born dumb. One day, how- ever, she went out, forgetting to replenish her cage as usual,and did not think of her darling till evening, when she hur- ried home, fearing to find it dead or dying. But what washer surprise to find it filling the whole house with the mostdelightful strains of music. She now saw the cause of hissilence and took care to avoid it for the future.In this way, Providence always keeps poets hungry—andwhy? Because, then, they sing the best.The ArrnV Tr-&lt;» and Tul'pGARDENER had a splendid tulip, the pride of his1 grounds which he tended with parental pride. On asudden, a violent hail-storm arose, which beat down all his plants, and destroyed, in an hour, all the promises of the year.As soon as it was over, disregarding everything else, he ranto his beloved tulip; and, when he found it shattered topieces, broke out into loud lamenting. An apple tree, whichstood near, shorn of its leaves and blossoms, overheard him,and answered angrily, "Dost thou mourn for the loss of anempty bauble, and yet hast no tears for my ruin; I, who sup- plied thee with fruit, and helped to sustain thy family?"So it is with men—to petty evils they are sensitive—togreat calamities indifferent. After the German of Lichtiver Animals Turned Authors Cat's Paw IF ANIMALS were to turn authors, the eagle would shinein epic, and the sheep in pastoral poetry. The elephantwould produce an excellent treatise on philosophy, the horseemploy his genius on chivalry; the cow on agriculture, andthe dog cut a figure in the drama. The writings of the mon- key would excel in satire and burlesque; while the cat wouldbe for the sarcasm, envy, and disingenousnessof his composition. The style of the lion would be bold,abrupt and Pindaric; while the gander would be remarkablefor the extreme verbosity and diffuseness of his language.The badger would probably attempt a treatise on the medicaleffect of perfumes, the turkey a disquisition on the mockheroic. The genius of the owl would exhibit itself in thecomposition of elegies, epitaphs and solemn dirges; that ofthe bear in an essay on dancing. As for the hog, he couldnever excel in polite literature but migh favor the world witha critical analysis of the philosophy of Bacon. The peacockwould make an excellent contributor to the "Ladies HomeJournal." The whale would write powerfully on the depop- ulating consequences of fishes, and the pigeon on letter-carry- ing. The goose would make a suffragette of the first class,and would be famous for dealing in scandal. The magpiewould be a notorious plagiarist, cabbaging ideas at all hands.As for the parrot, he would not indulge much in written com- position, but be fond of showing off as a public speaker. Forcomposing political harangues, the ass would be unrivalled. The Movies Need Criticism William Marion Reedy in his St. Louis Mirror. HAVE been going around to some picture shows, latterly.Broadly speaking, the picture shows are getting bad.They are not as good as they were five years ago, thoughthey are more pretentious. There's a lot of talk about theneed for a moral censorship of the films. That's bosh. Thepubli; will do the moral censoring, all right. What the moviefilms need is criticism. They should get it good and hard,straight from the shoulder. All they get now from the bigdaily papers is indiscriminate boosting. I think that more and more drama films are protracted bores. I know theyspoil the novels, that I have read, from which they are made.I saw Ibsen's "Ghosts" hideously butchered once. And DeWolf Hopper in ' Don Quixote" was a crime. The film ismade out of that famous lougeur in the masterpiece, the taleof Cardenio. The film is more tiresome than the tale. Some- one has told me that the only real movie successes are thecomedic things; that no drama has yet been done satisfac- torily. So long as the movies are not criticised, so long willthe film men turn out anything that can possibly "get by."Maybe the movie men are doing the best they can. Prob- ably they are. But criticism would make them do better.The newspapers criticise baseball management and playing.Why should they not do the same to the moving pictures?I am not a movie fan, but I hear a great deal of complaintfrom people who are such, to the effect that thpre are toomany films presented which are, to put it plainly, dull. Whilewe must not expect too much of the movie, which is rathernew as yet, there's nothing wrong about expecting their best.It is my impression that the movie magnates are trying todo too much in too great haste. They are filming every- thing that has been advertised, without regard to fitness forsuch treatment. They cannot, apparently, do drama. Theydo big things in spectacular—like "The Birth of a Nation"and some other pieces, but they have not mastered the playproper. Dramatic criticism of films, with due regard, ofcourse, for the limitations of the medium, would be salutaryfor the moving picture business. I think the movies aregetting into ruts of conventionality. They are too young, toonew for that. Criticism will jolt them out of their tendencyto monotony of effect. In Our Village (The following letter penned for us by William H. Oliver, anold-time resident of the village, and one who knows the history ofevery house and every mansion in it, speaks for itself. It voices,surely the sentiment of a good many others, and many who do notdare to even think that a reactionary movement would in realitymean progress.)WH ETHER we are willing to admit it or no, it is never- theless true, that while the cold and calculating de- mands of business leaves little room for sentiment, still, thehuman make-up is such that the memories of youth play animportant part in shaking the finer side of life, and way down,and deeper perhaps in the heart of some than in others, thereis-a tender.feeling, not only for one's cradle town, but alsofor the things that were then pleasureable to look at, and thethings that made life worth while.It will not do to say that all' the ways of old were the onlygood ways, and that those of to-day are turning us frompaths that were good enough for our forefathers, to those that lead, we know not where; but on the other hand we cansay, that many of the old ways have been discarded, onlybecause they were old, and not because we found somethingbetter.What we call up-to-dateness and modernism is. in theanalysis, a product born of excitement, a restless desire forchange, a going from one thing to'another, and although thereis a measured tendency in some directions for a return tosome of the ways of old, the fear of being called old fash- ioned is the tyrant that speeds us on to seek new activtiesand novelty in entertainment.Back to the farm and the simple life has a meaninsr greaterthan tilling the soil; it beckons back to a life we loved so welland a life that seems more worth while as against the pres- ent day existence that demands new scenes, new faces, andnew excitement each hour.let us be honest with ourselves; we are tired of it; weseek relief; the hot water heater with its long pipe stand- ing in the corner has lost its novelty; the electric push-but- ton never did have a charm, but satisfied an impatience bornof hurry. The single plate glass window is no longer valuedas something new, and is now nothing more than a transpar- ent partition behind which the stores show off wares.Dinner is served, has brushed aside the music of the din- ner bell,, and modernism seems at times to tell us that it isvulgar to be hungry, and in public places, to eat, is an excuseto be entertained by poor acting, and sounds of string andwind instruments called music.The family album is something of the past, but where itdoes remain, it is kept higher up in the closet, and old pic- tures are turned to the wall to make room for those that showthe latest and newest examples of the dressmaker and tailors'art.The back yard has been crowded out to make room forthe apartment house depriving even the flowers of the oppor- tunity to turn their faces to the sun.The casement sash, the window box, the bird cage andwhite front door have given way to all that is strictly newand up to date, and why? Time was, when being able tohave all that was new was a mark of progress, and an evi- dence of worldly possessions, which in turn brushed asidespecial fitness, and the personal note of the old home.All things up to date have their places, and by inventiondo we measure progress, but on the other hand, a change isoften times a going back, rather than a moving forward.With it all, however, and as much as many regret the pass- ing of the old ways, and while New York seems destined insome localities to change from a private house city to anapartment settlement, there is still the Greenwich Villageand Chelsea section, that has shown a stubborn resistance tothe bricks and mortar of the speculative builder, that seemsto point to a return of this part of the city to something ofits old time home life. It remains, however, for those who can, to do their part.Many of the vacant and poorly rented houses would finddesirable tenants if they were putin complete order andfreshened up; sidewalks levelled and yard fences straight- ened, cellars concreted, and hot air furnaces and open fire- places made workable; open plumbing should replace the oldboxed in kind, for sanitary reasons if for no other.The old pine floor, putin shape to receive rugs, or replacedwith hard wood. The dark and dingy basements brightenedup and made a place where better work would be done.The old inside shutters and outside blinds made to work,or else discarded. An elevator, too, so that stair climbingwould be lessened; lower the door openings; get rid of themeaningless walnut woodwork as a feature in the room; itnever had a fitness, and was only used because it cost morethan painted wood. Books and Magazines of the Week QSCAR WILDE'S impressions of America, a lecture de- livered by him before many distinguished audiencesafter his return from his two sojourns in the United States,are the contents of the current issue of the Bruno ChapBooks. His "Impressions of America" appeared in a limitededition of five hundred copies in 1906 in a privately printedphamplet edited by Stuart Mason, who also an intro- duction to this highly interesting document Wilde left asa momento for America. "Oscar Wilde visited America inthe year 1882. Interest in the Aesthetic School, of which hewas already the acknowledged master, had sometime previ- ously spread to the United States, and it is said that the?production of the Gilbert and Sullivan opera, "Patience,"in which he and his disciples were held up to ridicule, de- termined him to pay a visit to the States to give some lec- tures explaining what he meant by Aestheticism, hopingthereby to interest, and possibly to instruct and elevate ourtransatlantic cousins.He set sail on board the "Arizona" on Saturday, December24th, 1881, arriving in New York early in the following year.On landing he was bombarded by journalists eager to in- terview the distinguished stranger. "Punch," in its issue ofJanuary 14th, in a happy vein, parodied these interviewers,the most amusing passage in which referred to "His Glori- ous Past," wherein Wilde was made to say, "Precisely—l tookthe Newdigate. Oh! no doubt, every year some man getsthe Newdigate; but not every year does Newdigate get anOscar."At Omaha, where, under the auspices of the Social ArtClub, Wilde delivered a lecture on "Decorative Art," he de- scribed his impressions of many American houses as being"illy designed, decorated shabbily, and in bad taste, filledwith furniture that was not honestly made, and was out ofcharacter." This statement gave rise to the following verses:What a shame and what a pity,In the streets of London CityMr. Wilde is seen no more.Far from Piccadilly banished,He to Omaha has vanished.Horrid place, which swells ignore.On his back a coat he beareth,Such as Sir John Bennet weareth,Made of 'velvet—strange array!Legs Apollo might have sighed for,Or great Hercules have died for,His new breeches now display.Waving sunflower and lily,He calls all the houses "illyDecorated and designed."For of taste they're not a tittle;They may chew and they may whittle;But they're all born colour-blind!His lectures dealt,almost exculsively with the subjects ofArt and Dress Reform. In the course of one lecture he re-;marked that the most impressive room he had yet enteredin America was the one in Camden Town where he metWalt Whitman. It contained plenty~of fresh air and sun- light. On the table was a simple cruse of water. This ledto a parody, in the style of Whitman, describing an iirnaginary interview between two poets, which appeared ill"The Century" a few months later. Wilde is called Narcissusand Whitman Paumanokides.PoetryJohn Gould Fletcher's Arizona poems are probably someof the happiest contributions that have appeared for a longtime in this exponent of the verse of,our day.The birthplace of American poetry—American for otherreasons than because it was written by a man born inAmerica—are those plains and mountains which are touched from all influences. From here will emenate realAmerican poetry. Here will it be that the American paint- ing, the American sculpture and American literature, bothprose and verse, will see the light of the world.And not such men, who create their impressions by com- parison of things they have seen and things they are ob- serving out there, will be the artists. The glorious sim- plicity of nature and of humans will find expression throughone who was always a part of that country.The NewarkerThe current issue of this magazine, published monthlyby the Committee of One Hundred as a record of work in the progress of events for the Newark celebration in 1916,contains a reproduction of the poster which won the firstprize of $500 in the Newark Poster Competition. It wasdesigned by Helen Dryden and that, doubtless, is the onlyexcuse for its existence. Take away the name and there isan ugly drawing left, hideous in its conception and in itsexecution. , The Wild Hawk The entire February issue is devoted to an essay on theSocialization of Art by George Pauli, translated from theSwedish by Karl Erich Lindin. He calls the most interestingepisode of his career—this deliberate and successful attemptto penetrate the mysteries of the revoluntionary theories ofthe modern artistic movement. Der Sturm Very scarce for the past six months have been the mailsfrom the continent of Europe, German periodicals especiallyare rarely to be seen. The February issue of the organ ofthe Futurists of Germany, France and Switzerland containsa series of ex libris by modern artists. They look like paint- ings at present exhibited in the Forum Exhibition, and theirchief distinction is that they do not give the name of theowner of the plate. He is supposed to be characterizedsufficiently in the design and the execution of the drawingto be recognized by those who know him. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre The Bruno Players "Miss Julia" will continue on the program during the com- ing week. The performances take place Monday, TuesdayWednesday and Thursday at 8.45 p. m., and the Saturday mat- i. ee at 3 p. m. The curtain rises respectively at eight forty- rive and three sharp, and the doors are closed during the per- formance. Late-comers are not being admitted. The nextprogramme will present a comedy of Strindberg which willprove that the Great Swede has the same sense of the com- edy in life that he has manifested so often for the inevitabletragedy. Also a war play by an American author, whichunrolls before our eyes a vivid picture of things that are orcould be, will be on the bill of which the first performance isscheduled for Monday, March 27. Musicales Saturday evening only Mr. Loran Timmermann, a bary- tone, will sing a selection of songs, among which will be"Requiem" by Sidney Homer, "Somewhere a Voice is Call- ing" by Arthur F. Tate, and"Three for Jack" by W. H.Squire.Miss Belle Stowell, who has a beautiful soprano voicewhich is being trained for the concert stage, will add to theprogramme with the following numbers: "Ave Maria" byBach-Gounod, "Du bist die Ruh" by Schubert, "Pastorale"by Bizet, and "Red, Red Rose" by Cottenet. Book-Plate Notes. Unique, perhaps, among all the book-plates of Americais this one designed and printed in a prison, by a prisoner,for a prisoner, to be used in books on penology. No. 5153started a collection of books on penology and as editor ofGOOD WORDS he has access to a good many periodicalsand papers which he surveys carefully for all material on orabout prisons or prison life, and his collection of extractsand clippings surely will be of largest interest.A communication from an old book-plate collector, HiramE. Deats, one of the veteran collectors of America, voicesin a recent letter to us a rather discouraging spirit amongex libris collectors. He says: ' I sold my collection of book- plates some years ago. but keep up my membership in thesociety to keep in touch with old friends. French is gone,Blackwell has sold his recently, Allen is in the linen businessor something of the sort, the XL Society of London wentto pieces. Fred Libbie, the Boston auctioneer, still has hiscollection but don't look at it. I am now putting in myspare time on local historical work. Next month and for atime, it will be out-door work."A copy of Beardsley's own book-plate drifted into ourkennel last week. It was in an insignificant copy of a Frenchstill more insignficant novel, but with the artist's own sig- nature. The Last of the War Correspondents. _ "But you will be killed if you do that." I remonstrate. "Thisis a revolution and they hate barons here on principle."Never you wiil be afraid of that," he smiies." 'I think Iknow these people. I have studied their history. It is fatalfor you to be tueir equal. That way tliey will murder you.So do not worry or whimper. We have to live through "thisand it must be roughly we live. It is all they understand.You intepd to piug your way through?"Already it may be too late," he answers. "There is aman who calls himself Colonel Lorraine, but who is reallyAugust Beiniiacker and an Austrian anarchist. He is chiefof Secret Service lor Carranza." 1 hen he stopped, fearing totell me wnat I afterwards found out concerning his relationswith his government.It is later in tne clay and lam before the hotel. A fat lousybeggar, cock-eyed and strong is before me demanding money.Notning will do him but two pesos. I excuse myself a mo- ment, and enter the bar of the hotel. Von Kriegelstein istoying with a bottle of good Mexican beer. He toys whileI explain. He frowns.''Damnation! You have forgotten to register your charac- ter. That is a fatal omission my young friend. Here," hedrew out his pistol and handed it to me. "Remember onlyonce in the fleshy part of his leg and bring me back my goodpistol."You mean I should take a shot at him. He is only abeggar."Tne baron arose. I followed him to the door. "Now then,you see," he whispered pointing to a small group across thestreet. ' They are waiting the outcome. If you do not im- mediately register character I cannot travel with you. Itwould be deadly. You will be stabbed from behind. Go atonce to the beggar and give him one good blow on the nose.Knock him down and when he is down do not neglect to spiton him."Well, it was one thing or the other. So my beggar wentdown and I fulfilled the bargain to the letter. Then we re- entered the hotel and a moment later three of the numberlesslieutenants and sub-tenients insisted on a round of drinks tothe very welcome corresponsals. Character was registered.It may sound incredible, but though they hated the baron illMonterey, no one chanced an encounter with him. He knewthe heart of the people of Mexico."That is why nooody will shoot General Villa" said thebaron. 'He has been registering character for years.""You believe in force?"Force is gentle sometimes," he laughed. "It relieves thesepeople of the mental pain of trying to/ understand throughthe brain." Later came Beinhacker and demanded a share of the re- ceipts of the baron's news bureau. Von Kriegelstein led himto the street affably and waited until plenty were about be- fore scientifically cursing him for a thief. Frankness aboveall characterized the interview. We had made an enemy morepowerful than we knew. Now the secret service of Carranzawas looking after us.It was before General Gonzales the next day. The generalhad twenty-one thousand troops left in town, he told us, andforty Mondragon-Canet field pieces. Wall Street Reflections "Junius" THE Spring rise on stocks is now an accomplished factHow long and how far will it extend is a practicalquestion. , , . ,Sponsors for the "War Brides are puzzled to find an ex- cuse for another boom. Avoid hallucinations and look to thesecurities represented by such real business as export trade,manufacturing, railroad traffic and farm production. Loco- motive and equipment stocks are most attractive inventions.The limit of this country's capacity for creating new wealthis nearly reached, viz., the limit of mechnical means and thelimit of labor. We have plenty of capital. Xo increase themechanical means of production requires time and labor, butif we have time we have not the sabor. Formerly labor wasimported, which is now practically impossible on account ofthe war. ' _ ,The purchase of Government bonds by the Federal ReserveBank last week marks a new and interesting stage in the pas- sage from the old banking system to the new.It is rumored that the new banking affiliations for MexicanPetroleum Co. are the Standard Oil interests.On visits across the pond it has long been the custom ofthe American business men to laugh at the habit of takingtea during business hours, but at last this habit has invadedWall Street, as I notice among the recent listings on theStock Exchange the name of. a large and flourishing tea con- cern. This may take the place of some of the stronger bev- erages which so far have been our only liquid refreshments.It is rumored that a milk and seltzer company is also beingformed. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSBxtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books*Books for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or In sets for people who have neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to thebest book marts. Why not begin collecting nowTiAddress, E. V.v Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.The Candlestick Tea RoomTHE CANDLESTICK TEA ROOM has arranged space forDancing every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday night fromeight to eleven* Good Music and Fine Floor* Patrons of theTea Room welcome.17 V/EST BTH STREET TEL. STUYVESANT 23MFor Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AUD INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal StreetBeing a bookINWH I C H&lt;we say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It it a littlebook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.A Proposed Revival ofVALENTINE'S MANUALThere was but one David T. Valentine. There will never be another. The most woean ho;# for is a renaissance of that spirit whieh, under his loving care, trans*formed his Manuals from a prosy record of daily events into a repository of suchfascinating anecdote and historical charm as to be forever a delight to the anti-quarian and the lover of Old New York.If interested in this project write for particulars to Henry Collins Brown, 15East 40th Street, N. Y. City, Secretary Society of Old New Yorkers.SCHMITT'SBAKERY and LUNCH ROOM- - V80 SIXTH AVENUEBelow Eighth Street NEW YORK Charles Edison's LittleAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue,Guide BniMi MumwTheatre, SituatedVillage, N. Y..C.This Week's PerformancesUondar,•:40 p. n. Bran* Player*Tuesday, 1:45 p. m. Bruno Player*Wednesday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno Player*Thursday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersFriday,1t45 p. m. MuslcaleSaturday, 8:00 p. m. Bruno Player*Saturday, 8:15 p. m. MusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. I nmmmThere can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring 700, with oarcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Titos. A. Edison