The mask 13 4 October-November-December 1927 naau_1927-10_01 The mask 13 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Notes on some rare theatre 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 TWO DESIGNS FOR STAGE SCENES by Francesco Salviati. (1510-1563). From the Collection of drawings in the British Museum. Plate 18. Illustration 4 NOW BROUGHT FOR THE FIRST TIME TO THE SERVICE OF THE STUDENT AND HISTORIAN. J. S cre 5 SOME OLD THEATRE PLANS. WITH ACCOMPANYING COMMENTS AND HISTORICAL NOTES FROM INTERNATIONAL SOURCES. 6-13; 15; 17; 19; 21; 23; 25; 27; 29-35 WHERE THE PLANS ARE PRESERVED 6 AN INTRODUCTORY WORD E. G. C cre 6 A WORD ABOUT THE MS. EDITOR cre 6-7 A LIST OF THE DESIGNS 7-11 Figure I. Design No. 4. Plan of the Teatro Tor di Nona, Roma, Signed C, FONTANA. Illustration 8 Figure 2. Design No. 31. Plan of an unknown Theatre in Roma, (the same as Plate 25. but showing the lines of the neighbouring streets and houses. Signed C. FONTANA. Illustration 10 NOTES AND COMMENTS 11-13; 15; 17; 19; 21; 23; 25; 27; 29-30 BRUNO BRUNELLI 11-12 EDWARD A. CARRICK 12 MANY famous historians such as Pompeo 12 DESIGN No. 36. PLAN OF THE TEATRO DEGLI INTRONAT1, SIENA. Originally built in wood in 1560 it was rebuilt of brick in 1670. Size of original drawing 51.5 x31 cm. Compare the design by F. C. Motta. Plate 19. Illustration 13 DESIGN No. 34. – PLAN AND SECTION OF THE TEATRO DI SAN GIOVANNI E PAOLO, VENEZIA. Signed by the architect of the theatre Tomaso Belli and built 1638-39. Note the very curious, deep, ditch (not for the orchestra) between the orchestra and first row of stalls. Size of original drawing, 59 x 44.6 cm. Plate 20. Illustration 15 DESIGN No. 10. – PLAN OF THE TEATRO DI TOR DI NONA, ROMA. Part of a large plan measuring 93.5X 38 cm. Signed C. Fontana. Plate 21. Illustration 17 DESIGN No. 33. – PLAN OF THE TEATRO TOR DI NONA, ROMA. of original drawing 39 x31 cm. Signed C. Fontana. Plate 22. Illustration 19 DESIGN No. 8. – INTERIOR VIEW OF THE TEATRO DI TOR DI NONA, ROMA. Size of the original drawing 41.3 x 29.5 cm. Signed C. Fontana. Plate 23. Illustration 21 Plate 24. DESIGN No. 6. – SECTION AND PLAN OF THE TEATRO DI TOR DI NONA, ROMA. of original drawing 41.4 x 29.3 Unsigned. Illustration 23 DESIGN No. 31. – PLAN OF AN UNKNOWN THEATRE IN ROMA. Part of a large plan measuring 81x53 cm. Signed Carlo Fontana. (See also Figure 2). Plate 25. Illustration 25 DESIGN No. 13. – PLAN OF AN UNKNOWN THEATRE IN ROMA. Part of a large plan measuring 81x53 cm. Signed Carlo Fontana. (See also Figure 2). Plate 26. Illustration 27 FROM some very early date there stood on 29-30 Figure 3. The First Theatre erected in the building known as the Prisons of Tordinona. Reproduced from "Descrizione Istorica del Teatro di Tor di Nona" di Felice Giorgi. Roma 1795. Illustration 29 GORDON CRAIG 30-35 TO THE EDITOR OF "THE MASK" Gordon Craig cre 30-32 W. J. LAWRENCE W. J. Lawrence cre 32-33 . PS.I find I am wrong in stating that the W. J. L cre 33 ALFRED MORTIER 33 ALLARDYCE NICOLL 33-35 DEVICE OF THE TEATRO DEGLI INTRONATI SIENA Illustration 35 ARIOSTO'S HOUSE IN FERRARA A PLAN AND ELEVATION TAKEN FROM AN EARLY EDITION OF THE POET'S "ORLANDO FURIOSO" A. C cre 35 Untitled Image Illustration 35 MACHINE. E. G. C. August. 1927 cre 36-40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 A NOTE ON DRAMATIC CENSORSHIP BARRETT H. CLARK cre 42-44 I Write as an artist, who has not accepted her hospitality, C cre 42 I am setting down(I) a few ideas so trite that 42-44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 TO ISADORA Illustration 45 AND YET... 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 COLORIFIC MUSIC 48-50 AND ITS EARLY PROTAGONISTS J. B cre 48 RECREATIONS XLII. 48-50 DIAGRAM FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE OCULAR HARPSICHORD. Illustration 49 PLATE XIV. p. 166. Page 159). 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 KEEPING IN TOUCH HADRIAN JAZZ GAVOTTE cre 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 THE WHICH ONE EDWIN WITHERSPOON cre 51-52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 THE ENGLISH STAGE C. G. SMITH cre 52 CORRESPONDENCE. 53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 SIR: E. LYLIE cre 53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 WE reproduce twelve of the twenty five letters, Ois ED cre 53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 FOREIGN NOTES. 53 THE GATE THEATRE, LONDON C. L cre 53 BOOK REVIEWS. 54-68 Untitled Image Illustration 54 THE UNPUBLISHED LETTERS 54 ANNALS OF THE NEW YORK 54-55 V ARTE DELL9 ARCHITETTO 55-56 EUROPEAN DRAMATISTS by 56 THE ART OF PANTOMIME 56 THE LION AND THE FOX by 56-57 THE PL A YGOER 'S HAND 57 THE BOOK OF PLAY 57-58 WHAT ISN'T WRONG WITH 58 FIRE AS AN AGENT IN 58 THE ETHICAL AND 59 THEATRE PRACTICE by Stark 59 T--— TI—IN—DIHIUWIH \mm mtim IJ. 59-60 LES GRANDS COMEDIENS DU 60 THE GENTLE ART OF 60-61 THE COMMON TOUCH by 61-62 THE CHILD'S PATH 7O 62 THE PEEP SHOW by Walter 62 THE PLAYS OF RICHARD 62-63 LE FESTE FIOREN TINE 63 RECEIVE IT 50, by Basil Maine. 63 LISZT. WAGNER AND THE 63-64 THE DE-ASSIFICA TION OF 64 THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE 64-65 TECHNIQUE IN DRAMATIC 65 THERE'S A MOON TONIGHT: 65-66 GLOSSARY OF STAGE LIGHTING by Stanley R. McCandless. Theatre Arts Inc. New York. Price 35 cents. Gordon Craig cre 66 THE WOODCUT OF TODAY 66 PRACTICALLY TRUE by Ernest 66-68 DESIGN IN THE THEATRE: 68 FOUR COMEDIES by CARLO 68 MAGAZINES. 68 NOTES &amp; QUERIES (Price 6d.) 68 EDITORIAL NOTES 69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 &amp; SHAKESPEARE 69 NEXT DOOR TO SWINDLE. 69 INCORRECT 69 ADDITIONAL NOTE TO " A 69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 LAST WORDS. 70 ASKING ALMS FOR SHAKESPEARE J. S cre 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 OUR FRONTISPIECE 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 o THE CRESSET PRESS o 70 o CONSTRUCTION. o 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 G . P . HUNTLEY. 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 A PRESENTATION PLATE TO 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 41 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 71 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 71 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 71 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 71 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 72 THE MASK* * iff -: . 'i ' «It ■; .&gt; '&lt;■ • VOLUME TWELVE BIS. NUMBER FOUROCTOBER - NOVEMBER - DECEMBER19 2 7 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) (POST FREE)° |\ A °TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. OCTOBER-DECEMBER 1927 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORSe The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fronexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampe«and addressed envelopes are included, etfen/ ejforf will be made to return in due course rejected contributionsbut in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should btypewritten.Address : The Editor : " The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1927 THE MASK) 9 0 8 19 2 7OUR HOUSESOME FRESHLY DISCOVERED THEATRE PLANS. THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 All Rights reserved. November 1927.Direttore responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia Giuntinay Firenze% SOME BOOKSELLERSWHO WILL QUICKLY SUPPLY YOU WITH " THE MASKLONDON GLASGOW. J- B. Neumann. Graphisches__ p, Messrs John Smith &amp; Son Ltd. Kabinett. Luetzowstr 32.loaofiuly. 57 &amp; 61 Vincent Si. MUNCHEN.3 Durham House Terrace. B. Neumann. Graphischesd a|/co cnr \y/ flrVO i ilNuJ# Kabinett. Barerstrasse 46.K1 j V * Brooker &amp; Savile. 16 Robertson St. """ — 1Messrs Jownt. —— — AMSTERDAM.BREAMS BUlLDINuS, E. C. 4. HULL Scheltema &amp; Holkema.Messrs W. Dawson &amp; Sons. 0 n , OI ' n 0 Rolcin 74-7ACannon House. Poetry Book Shop. 48 Pryme St. J7T' *' 'CHARING CROSS ROAD. I IVFRPDfYI t u 5 D * zoMessrs Danielson, No. 64. ™ o J. H. De Bois. Kruisweg 68.Mr. F. Henderson, No. 76. « M- Grant &amp; Son ~—Mr. C. W. Beaumont, No. 75. 8&amp; 9 The Arcade. Lord St. AMERICA.Mr. F. B. Neumeyer, No. 70. MANPHFSTPR NEW YORK,.CHARLES ST. HAYMARKET. m ru n h r , Brentano's. 1 West 47th St.Messrs Bickers &amp; Son. R farber* Sunwise Turn. 51 East 44th St.EBURY ST. S W. Messrs Simps" &amp; Sckens. Gotham Book Mart.Messrs Scotter &amp; Law. 59 Cross Street. w ,31' W"1 47thDSt' ,F1NSBURY. —■ — ____ Washington Square Bookshop.Mr E. Nelles. MO T FiiMr.M AlVl 27 West 8th St- 14 Soulh St. E. C. 2. Kng's, Dram.BrokShop.23 West47thSt*PATERNOSTER ROW. J™ P'Tessrs Hunter &amp; Longhurst. No. 9. OXFORD i „ „Messrs Simpkin, Marshall. Ba.ilBI.ckw.il,' 35 Wwt 57th St. jPiCCADiLLY. 50 &amp; 51 Broad Street. BOb TON.ITatchards, 187, Piccadilly. — —— —- Smith &amp; McCance.PORTUGAL STREET. R FT R O P FT 5 Ashburton Place- lessrs W. H. Smith &amp; Son. * HJ Ye Olde Grey HouseStrand House. FLORENCE. Anderson St.at Myrtle, Beacon Hill.QUEEN SiREET. Seeber. 21 Via Tornabuoni. CHICAGO.Messrs Jones &amp; Evans. Brentano's, Wabash near Adams.TRAFALGAR SQUARE. MILANO. The Walden Book Shop.essrs Stevens &amp; Brown. No. 4. Treves. 64 Gaiieria Vitt. Eman. Michigan Avenue North; IWIG MORE ST. — —————' &amp; 301 .Plymouth Court.Messrs Glaishers. ROMA. CLEVELAND, OHIO. 1 ft \ 77 Libreria " Modernissima " Richard Laukhuff. 40 Taylor Arcade.BIRMINGHAM. Via delle Convertite. pun Ann DLJIACornish Bros. 39 New St. Treves, Gaiieria di Piazza Colonna. r R i qj—— i-l • i L on\j- t i • - Centaur Book Shop.BRISTOL. Libreria Liberma. 37 Via Ludovisi. 1234 Chanceller St.Messrs jama, Fawn &amp; Son. PARIS. T373™Sp,««°t,?«OP' I!1I—Hi Brentano's. LOS ANGELES. ICAMBRIDGE. Avenue de 1 Op6ra. McManus &amp; Morgan.Messrs Bowes &amp; Bowes. Galignani's. 224 Rue de Rivoli. 712 Heliotrope Drive,F I jVT P.f Tf? Cy I Shakespeare &amp; Company. SAN FRANCISCO.LDINBURGH. 12 Rue de L'Odeon. paul Elder &amp; Co. 239 Post. St.Dbert Grant &amp; Son. 126 Princes St. — ———- ■—— BERLIN. [TORONTO (CANADA).rL.L1A 1 OWE. Gropius'sche Buchhandlung. The Don Quixote Book Shop.The Broadway Book Shop. 90 Wilhelmstr. W. 66. | 47 Richmond West.mONDON REPRESENTATIVE FOR ADVERTISEMENTS &amp; ORDERS. Ij|lR. T. JOHN GLOVER. 61 CHANCERY LANE. LONDON.tfHE MASK PUBLISHERS, BOX- ijj NOTEWORTHY MAGAZINES 11&gt;|| THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE. I||ff| AND A CREDIT TO&gt;|J ENGLISH LETTERS. \WI THE REVIEW OF, Notes on some rare theatre PLANS by Bruno Brunelli, Gordon Craig, W. J. Lawrence. Alfred Mortier, Allardyce Ni- coll, and others. A NOTE ON DRAMATIC CENSORSHIP by Barrett H. Clark. MACHINE. Slave or Master? and its relation to Youth and the Artist, by Gordon Craig. KEEPING IN TOUCH AND BEING OUT OFTouch, by Hadrian Jazz Gavotte,THE WHICH ONE, and should he M o'er*weigh a whole theatre of others by EdwinWitherspoon.ALSO ARTICLES, NOTES AND RE- VIEWS ON The English Stage, the GateTheatre. London, Asking Alms for Shakespeare,and many other matters, ILLUSTRATIONS EIGHT NEWLY DISCOVERED AND INVALUABLEPLANS OF EARLY ITALIAN THEATRES,WHICH CONSTITUTE AN ASTOUNDING CONTRIBU- TION TO THE HISTORY OF THEATRE ARCHITECTURE.ALSO TWO FINE DESIGNS FOR STAGE SCENES BY FRANCESCO SALVIATI,o AND OTHER ILLUSTRATIONS. o LITERARY CONTENTS. OUR HOUSE J. S. ..... Page 133SOME OLD THEATRE PLANS, WITH ACCOMPA- NYING COMMENTS BY. . . . . . E. G. C. 13kEditor, The . . . . .134Bruno Brunelli !■. . • . . 139Edward A. Carrick . . . . 14pGordon Craig . . 4 . . 14|W. J. Lawrence. . . . . I4|Alfred Mortier . . . . . 14|Allardyce Nicoll. . . . .141'ARIOSTO'S HOUSE IN FERRARA . . . . A. C. . . . . . .147MACHINE E. G. C 152THE ENGLISH PEOPLE &amp; SHAKESPEARE . . John 152A NOTE ON DRAMATIC CENSORSHIP . . . Barrett H. Clark 154AND YET... ..... . . , . Yoo No Hoo, 157COLORIFIC MUSIC. . . . . . . J. B., &amp; W. Hooper. . . .158KEEPING IN TOUCH ....... Ha Irian Jazz Gavotte . . • ,160THE WHICH ONE. ....... Edwin Witherspoon . . '161THE ENGLISH STAGE....... C. G Smith . . . i . 162CORRESPONDENCE. FOREIGN NOTES. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. TWO DESIGNS FOR STAGE SCENES. . . . Francesco Salviati . Plate 18, Face 134PLAN OF TEATRO DEGLI 1NTRONATI, Siena . . Unsigned . . n 19, w 140PLAN OF TEATRO SS. GIOVANNI &amp; PAOLO, Venezia Tomaso Belli . . 11 20, Follow 140PLAN OF TEATRO TOR D1 NONA, Roma, C t ontana . . "21, ■ 140i( n n h « "... " * 22, ' 14CIINTERIOR VIEW, TEATRO TOR DI NONA . ■ . ■ 23, ■ 14dSECTION &amp; PLAN, TEATRO TOR Dl NONA . . Unsigned . . ■ 24, " I4QPLAN OF AN UNKNOWN THEATRE, Roma . . Carlo Fontana . . " 25, " 140■ ■ «» » . ■ . . ■ 26, « 140PLAN OF TEATRO TOR DI NONA . . . A Tracing from C. Fontana, . . 136PLAN OF AIN UNKNOWN THEATRE IN ROMA . ■ ■ ■ . 1 . 138PLAN OF TEATRO TOR DI NONA .... From Felice Giorgi . . , .141ARIOSTO'S HOUSE IN FERRARA .... Anon 1431' 'A - I1Head and Tail Pieces and Vignettes, by Callot, E. G. C., and from other old and modern Designs. TWO DESIGNS FOR STAGE SCENESby Francesco Salviati. (1510-1563).From the Collection of drawings in the British Museum. Plate 18. NOW BROUGHT FOR THE FIRST TIME TO THESERVICE OF THE STUDENT AND HISTORIAN. J. S. IN our last number we issued a plan of the Teatro La Pergola, Firenze,and also promised our readers some valuable and hitherto unpublishedtheatre plans in this number, a promise which we now fulfil, togetherwith news of where and how the plans were found.We owe the discovery of these documentary treasures to Mr. E. A.Carrick, ever on the alert, as are all who have been trained in a good school,to seek out or pick up something which may serve the cause of the thea- tre or add to the patrimony of the theatre historian; and to the helpfulcourtesy of Mr. T. Heslewood and of Mr. Arthur Bolton F. S. A. curatorof the Soane museum, London, who aided him in locating and bringingthem to light.The plates are rendered yet more useful by the notes and commentscontributed by writers so well qualified to appreciate their value as CountBruno Brunelli, Mr. Gordon Craig, Mr. W. j. Lawrence, M. AlfredMortier and Prof. Allardyce Nicoll.We feel that the publication of these plans worthily closes the thir- teenth volume of " The Mask ", and we hope to continue to bring our rea- ders items of no less value in volume fourteen. SOME OLD THEATRE PLANS. WITH ACCOMPANYING COMMENTS ANDHISTORICAL NOTES FROM INTERNATIONAL SOURCES. WHERE THE PLANSARE PRESERVED AN INTRODUCTORY WORD E. G. C. THIS remarkable collection of early Thea- tre plans has been under everyone'snose for 105 years, yet in all that timeno one has lighted on them. So theyhave lain quietly on the shelves of theSoane Museum, Lincoln's Inn Fields, Lon- don, and there Mr. Edward A Carrickfound them for us this summer.How they came to leave Italy, I donot know ; but in 1818 they passed fromthe possession of one of the Adam bro- thers into the hands of Sir J. Soane forthe stupendous sum of £3.3.0. Natu- rally, but quite uselessly, one guesses howthey got to England. At first 1 supposedthey had been bought by David Garrickin Firenze or Roma when he visitedItaly in 1763-4, for I imagined he alonewould have been aware of the value of suchplans ; but I suppose now that it was thearchitects, the Adam Brothers, and notthe actor, who found them.But it was useful of Mr. Carrick torefind them, and it was at the suggestionof Mr. Heslewood that he looked in atthe Soane Museum.If you want to find anything in Lon- don about the Theatre in general, thestage in particular, and Henry Irving mostparticularly, you had better waste no timethinking of your best way or about thestreets, for there are some 40,000 of themto choose from : far better is it to askMr. Heslewood. He doesn't know every- thing but knows nearly everything aboutIrving, and his information about the Thea- tre in general is as vast as it is unsuspec- ted. It is his hobby, and it is hiddenunder a passion for acting, which is sounlike most people who hide the passionsunder the hobbies. His hint to go in andlook for clues about the Italian Theatre inthe Soane was acted on by Mr. Carrickaccompanied by Mr. Heslewood, and thevery courteous guardian of the Soane trea- sures, Mr. Arthur Boden, F. S. A. was ap- proached. The museum is a model ofperfect conservation, and the understandingof each item in the collection by the curatorincreases its value very considerably. Thosewho possess Mr. Boden's beautifully illus- trated books on the Adam Brothers knowhow good they are.But to understand thoroughly the widerange of his scholarship and the care hetakes of the treasures a visit to the Soaneis necessary.It is through his courtesy that the pho- tographs were made and the plans allowedto reach their special public. A WORD ABOUT THE MS. EDITOR. WE give eight of the designs, and theseare reproduced for the first time.According to the report sent us from"London the manuscript consisted of 39sheets, but sheet 3 has been at some timeor other torn out *— a corner of the de- sign which was on this sheet being leftto prove this.The MS is in the form of an album mea- suring 50 X41 % centimetres and is boundin red-brown leather stamped with gold.On the back of the book is a labelon which is written in brown ink: " Tea- tro di Tor di Nona del C. Carlo Fontanadi Roma, Firenze, Siena, Fano ".In the top right corner of the secondleaf is written in pen with brown ink ap- parently by Fontana " Diseg ni No. 36 peril Teatro di Tor di Nona fatti da meCarlo Cav. Fontana L'anno —- *\ Noyear is given, but a flourish of the penby the same hand in the same ink.Most of the plans are pasted on thestrong pages of old paper of which thevolume is composed.The Tor di Nona plans are 31 innumber and are all drawn on a paperwhich has a water mark which shouldsome day be carefully compared with themark on the paper of the Juvarra MSSin the Torino Library 6).These 31 designs show plans, partplans, sections and views of the TeatroTor di Nona together with the building(a prison) it stood on, and the surroundinghouses. One of these plans (Fig. I)shows a connecting bridge with a houseon the opposite side of the Strada maestradell' Orso.We reproduce four of these designsin Plates 21, 22, 23, and 24. Thereis also a Plan of the Teatro degli IntronatiSiena (Plate 19), one of the Teatro SanGiov. e Paolo, Venezia (Plate 20) and oneof the Teatro la Pergola, Firenze (reprodu- ced in the last number of "The Mask ")and two unknown Roman theatres (Plates25 &amp; 26).The scholars who would be able to tellus most about these plans are Italians whofor the most part live and work in Italy andhave little opportunity of visiting London. To some few scholars, both in Italy andelsewhere, we sent advance prints of theseplans, inviting their comments, and from someof these we have received useful Notes whichare published, with the plans, for the as- sistance of our readers. Count BrunoBrunelli of Padova is well known for theearnestness with which he collects and studiestheatre books and records. He has pub- lished a valuable work, " I Teatri diPadova " and other studies, and has alsocontributed on previous occasions to " TheMask". Mr. W. J. Lawrence beganstudying theatrical history, 'dramatic litera- ture and the art of the stage at the ageof fourteen... in 1876... and is, he writes,still hard at it. He has written much ontheatrical subjects, among his books being" The Elizabethan Playhouse and otherStudies ", " The Physical Conditions ofthe Elizabethan Public Playhouse" and" Pre-Restoration Stage Studies ".M. Alfred Mortier has published,among other works, a valuable study ofthe Italian actor, Ruzzante, and has alsocontributed to " The Mask *\Dr. Allardyce Nicoll has recently addedto his already considerable contributions tothe literature of the Theatre a large anduseful volume " The Development of theTheatre ".Mr. Gordon Craig needs no wordof introduction to any reader of " The Mask ". (I) Fontana was Juvarra's master. Figure I. Design No. 4.Plan of the Teatro Tor di Nona, Roma, Signed C, FONTANA. Figure 2. Design No. 31.Plan of an unknown Theatre in Roma, (the same asPlate 25. but showing the lines of the neighbouring streetsand houses. Signed C. FONTANA. A LIST OF THE DESIGNS IT will be well to describe briefly these 36I drawings in the order in which they ap- pear in the volume at the Soane Museum.ROMA.Design /. Teatro Tor di Nona. Un- finished plan. The drawing consists of afew lines in sepia and pencil resembling the tenth design (see Plate 21 &amp; 22) andnot the fourth design (see Fig. 1).There is an inscription on the drawingaltra pianta per lo spartimento delli pal- chetii a ierreno — C. Fontana ".Design 2. 1 eatroTor di Nona. Clean- ly drawn plan in sepia resembling lowerpart of Design No. 6 (see Plate 24).Magnet form of auditorium as distinct fromthe horse shoe form (plate 25) or the tra- peze of which Plates 19 &amp;20 give us exam- ples. On the design is written " Altrocontorno del Teatro e sua sciena. C. Fon- tana ". There is a good deal more writ- ten on this design which was not copied out.Design 3. Teatro Tor di Nona. Apencil sketch very faintly drawn showingplan of the auditorium not in detail. Nowriting.Design 4. Teatro Tor di Nona.Large plan in many colours showing po- sition of the theatre (see plate 21), thebanks of the river Tevere and the pala- ces and houses around the theatre. Fi- gure 1 gives the central part of the designand is taken from a tracing of the original.Of considerable interest is the indi- cation of a bridge linking the auditorium of the Theatre with a house on the op- posite side of the strada deH'Orso. On thedesign is written '' Pianta del Teatro di Tordi Nona con palco e contra palco, scale ecasamente pialle e strode contigue — tuttoper ordine di magi 11 mo Palamirino G0Tl&lt;*di Roma. C. Fontana.Design 5. Teatro Tor di Nona. Aplan of the auditorium resembling DesignNo. 6, only giving the entire floor ; thestaircases identical with designs Nos. 6 &amp; 4.(Plate 21 and Fig. 1). Drawn in sepiawith pink and yellow wash.Design 6. Teatro For di Nona.(Plate 24). A design of section and plandrawn in sepia ink with palchi (or boxes)shaded in bigio with wash of pale yellowindicating walls and pale crimson markingthe curve of the palchi. On the designwe read " Profilo stahilito del Teatro diTor di Nona ". See what Sig nor Bru- nelli says of this (pg. 139).Design 7. Teatro Tor di Nona. Acareful pencil drawing giving a perspectiveview of the auditorium looking towardsthe stage almost identical with Design No. 8(Plate 23).Design 8. Teatro Tor di Nona.(Plate 23). A pen drawing in sepia withthe inscription " Profilo in Scurcio delTeatro sud. C. FontanaDesign 9. Teatro Tor di Nona. Apencil and pen drawing (sepia) of thesame plan as Designs Nos. 5 &amp; 6, butwith only the curve and divisions of theboxes indicated.Design 10. Tor di Nona. (Plate21). The plate shows the right half ofthis design, which is a large folding page.Plan of the Theatre and surrounding pa- laces and houses, river Tevere and streets.A design in pencil, pen, sepia, with washesin grey green, the river in blue. At theleft hand edge of the drawing is a largescroll on which nothing is written. The three streaks in the road Strada dell'Orsowhich runs parallel with the length of thetheatre show where three hinged plans, orpart plans, were pasted to the originaldrawing.On the design is written '4 Pensierigeometrici e del Teatro apalchetti. C. Fontana. Palchetti No. 33a braccia (?) 7 Vuno da metd a stin- dono braccia (?) 231.Linea che circui sul elippisi (?) stendeda ABC braccia (?) 232.Sara dimbucco braccia (?) 62 dalpalco al ultimo palchetto braccia (?) 88.Sara largo nel mezzo vano brac- cia (?) 84.Da ACD linea della sciena finoalii.... braccia (?) 118.Quando si voglia solevare la scurita (?)della scaletta e salelto si potra fare alcortiletto pentile.Si potra alsare tre piane delle stanzesopra il piano del Teatro a braccia (?)1iS I'una fa braccia (?) 54.Li palchetti a ... . con la pend. . ..braccia (?) 55.Vi si potra fare anche un aliro pianopiu di palchetti e la pend. . .This is all we have been able to de- cipher from the indistinct writing.Design 11. Teatro Tor di Nona. A- nother plan of the auditorium somewhatlike No. 1.Design 12. Teatro Tor di Nona.The design shows section of auditoriumand stage and is a large folded page.Almost indentical with upper part of DesignNo. 6 (Plate 24) but with one more box atthe top of corner nearest the prosceniumarch. A fine drawing full of detail in sepiaand bigio. On the left hand a description.Design 13. An unknown Theatre inthe Corso. (Plate 26). Drawing in sepiaand mauve of plan of theatre showing wallsof palace within or upon which it was proposed to erect toe theatre. On theplan is written " Case de' letterali alCorso prima che si fabbr il Palazzosi propose detto siio per Teatro C. Foritanaand the measurements " Vano magre -cio (?) 76. Dall antisciena al circolo (?)braccia (?) 85. In bucco braccia (?) 50.Loco per sciena braccia (?) 100.. Design 14. Featro Tor di Nona. Adesign showing plan of one side of thestage with detailed position of wings orside scenes and the lines of sight from thedifferent boxes. Indications of a domedauditorium are to be seen.Design 15. Teatro Tor di Nona.Elaborated drawing of notions in designNo. 14. Ad esign in sepia, mauve and green.Design 1 6. Teatro Tor di Nona. Afew slight pencil notes for a plan of horse- shoe auditorium.Design 17. Teatro Tor di Nona.Part plan or the stage showing a few ofthe boxes and part of the orchestra workingout questions of line of sight.Designs 18 to 29. Featro Tor diNona. Eleven plans and one section ofthe different floors of the house which isseen at back of auditorium in Figure 1.and Plate 21. These are related closelyto Design No. 33. Plate 22.Design 30. Teatro Tor di Nona. Adrawing of the ground plan of the oldPrison known as Tor di Nona before theTheatre by Fontana was built into theupper part of the structure. The plan issigned Carlo Fontana but is obviouslymuch earlier. It is much the same planas we see in dotted line plan in Plate 22.There is an inscription which speaksof the " Featro Vecchio " or old Thea- tre, that theatre which Giorgi (1793)gives as his first plate in his book andwhich he states was built in 1660 butwhich we can believe was much earlier.Design 31. An unknown Theatre (Plate 23 and Fi gure 2). Large folding pagewith design drawn in sepia: wriiten on theback (S Teatro T.UGVO Pianta per aliro perRoma signed in front Carlo Fontana.FIRENZE.Design 32. Teatro La Pergola. Alarge and very finely drawn plan of thewell known Theatre. Not signed. Repro- duced in " The Mask" July 1927.ROMA.Design 33. Teatro Tor di Nona.(Plate 22). Drawing in two tones ofsepia of plan for the .Teatro. Is practi- cally the same plan as Giorgi believeswas made by Specchi, Fontana's pupil,and which forms Plate 2 of Giorgi'sbook (1795). '*1 The design has threehinged over pla'is showing different floors.Here we count 33 boxes. In Specchi's (?)plan we can find 35, and there areother slight differences. The design issigned " C. Fontana ".VENEZIA.Design 34. Teatro di San Gio- vanni e Paolo (Plate 20). Design on folded page in sepia and yellow wash ona thinnish paper. Note that it is notsigned by Carlo Fontana but by TomasoBelli. On the design is written : —Inthe Pit; " Disegno dello Pianta del Tea- tro di San Giovanni e Paolo di Veneziadel Cmo Grimani tolto in pianta da meTomaso Belli ingegnere dell CaTeatro di Sto Giovanni Grisostomo. Et etolta in Pianto fatto come sto di presenteet se non si fose nottate ogni misura, sipuo pigliare con il compaso, alio scolaroesendo ogni cosa a misura,Larghezza del audienza 37 d3.Audienza larga piede 37 d3.29 Boxes are numbered.Behind the Pit is written: "sto parte vi e un atrio dove intrano lepersone con Boletini".Written by the section of boxes * " Al~tezza del audienza da tera cioe dal pianoin sotto il sofitopiede 31%.Cordoni di Palchi. Pd 3 : Zar- geza di Palchi di mezzo pJ 5. largezadi Palchi pd 4.In between the pillars on the stage iswritten " Palchi ProsceniThe writing on the stage reads: Lun- ghezza piede 64. Bocha della scena inlarghezza piede 28%. La sua altezzae quanto e alto il sofitto del udienza nelleimboccatura e alle seconde colonne e altopiede 24 esendo il sofito del procenio piuhaso dalla parte di dentro che non alpunto. Canale per le lume.Li primi tela che ci adopporano sonolungi piede 11 e largi 8 d 5. ROMA. Design 35, Teatro Tor di Nona.Sepia and pencil sketch very slightly drawnshowing two curves for the horse-shoeauditorium. SIENA.Design 36. Teatro degli Intronati(Plate 19). Plan of the theatre erectedinside the Palazzo del Consiglio. A draw- ing in sepia with washes of yellow andblue, the walls thickly painted in bloodred. The writing reads as follows ;On the stage : " Teatro di Siena dinuovo" in Carlo Fontana's hand. Inthe pit: " Conirapalco No. 500 persons.In the Strade or gangways 100 personson each side. On the gradini or steps150 persons on each side. In the Box- es: 101 palchetti a 5 per Parchetto =535 (persons). The total number of per- sons seated and standing could be 1535. (I) AdemoHo states that iiv's theatre was the onebuilt in 1671. There were in all seven Theatres of thisname Tor di Nona built on this site, the last being rechris- tened Apollo in 1861. NOTES AND COMMENTS BRUNO BRUNELLI npHE plan of the Pergola theatre publishedX in the last number of " The Mask " isof the Setlecento. it would be profitable tocompare it with the print which adorns thelibretto of the Ipermestra (1658) in whichis shown the primitive form of the theatre.Not having this libretto in my theatre library1 can but suggest the comparison to others.The theatre " La Pergola ", after the 1652construction, underwent several restorationswhich modified the form both of the salaand of the stage. In 1683 it was reopenedafter a period of inactivity, with notable mo- difications in the platea and in the boxes,according to the plans of the architect Fran- cesco Sengher. But new modifications followedin 1718, with the enlargement of the stage,the construction of a new stairway for theconvenience of those who ascended from thecortile (lobby) to the highest tier of boxes,and with the addition of ample adjacent pre- mises ; works which were finally brought tocompletion in 1729.Some student of ancient Florentine topo- graphy will be able to determine to what yearthe plan really refers.As for the plans of the other theatres, courteously submitted for my examination, Ihold them to be a series of plans of theatreserected or projected by the architect CarloFontana whose activities were manifested,especially in Roma, towards the end of the17th century. The signature of the architectappended to each sheet would be a suffi- ciently certain indication.The plan of the theatre of Siena (Plate 19)is interesting. It certainly represents the teatrodegli Intronati as it was rebuilt in masonyafter 1668 when the two Academies of the" Intronati " and the " Fiiomati " again re- united. The indication upon the plan, Teatrodi Siena di muro notifies in fact that this isthe first Sienese theatre built in masonry, whilethe teatro degli Intronati was first built ofwood.The theatre of S. Giovanni e Paolo diVenezia (Plate 20), built near the FondamentaNuove, opened in 1639, had been rebuiltby Giovanni Grimani a few years after theopening. In this theatre, as Martinoni (1763)wrote later in his additions to Sansovino,spectacular melodramas were represented atthe beginning of the 18th century. Aboutthe middle of the settecento it was demolishedsubsequent to the collapse of the roof. Thisis probably the theatre as in the reconstruc- tion ordered by Grimani.On the design numbered Plate 22 iswritten Studij per il leatro di Tor di Nona,(studies for the theatre of Tor di Nona);hence this is a project for construction.The first theatre of Tor di Nona was setin a different position in relation to the Tevere,and this explains why the designer tracedbeneath the plan the outline of the buildingswhich were to be demolished so as to givethe new form to the theatre. This plangreatly resembles that which Felice Giorgi inhis " Descrizione istorica del Teatro di Tordi Nona " (Rome, Gannetti, 1 793) attributesto Alessandro Specchi; but the design, in- stead, proves the correctness of PaoloLandriani (Storia e descrizione de'principaliteatri antichi e modemi, per cura del dottorGiulio Ferrario, Milano, Ferrario, 1830,p. 69) when he attributes the theatre of Tordi Nona to Carlo Fontana.Plates 23 and 24 confirm Landriani'sconjecture that the theatre contained six rowsof palchetti. And the section of the theatre,which bears the inscription Profilo stabilito del Teatro di Tor di Nona proves that Fon- tana s project was carried out.The other plan of the same theatre (Plate21) was probably a project afterwards aban- doned.Other two projects not put into executionwere certainly the two designs Plates 25 and 26.At the end of the 17th century the conteD Alibert was supervising the Roman musicalperfoimances; the Tor di Nona was a theatreso much frequented that D'Ahbert thought toerect others, and evidently commissioned thearchitect Fontana to sketch various projectsfor theatres. Finally in 1718 he is able toactuate his design completely with the erectionof a theatre bearing his name, but constructedwith the money of others, says Ademollo.In design Plate 26 I have been able toread this indication: Cose antiche de letteratial Cosso prima che si fahbricasse il Palazzosi propose detio silo per teatro: (Ancienthouses of lellerati (men of letters) before buildingthe Palace the said site was proposed forTheatre). VTich seems to me to designatethis plan to be a project for a theatre to bebuilt at the expense of academicians, butthat it was not carried out and yielded theplace to the construction of a palace.This collection of projects reveals in anycase a little known branch of the activitiesof Carlo Fontana, who left such extensivetraces of his work as an architect in the Ro- man churches and piazzas, but who was notknown as a builder of theatres. Whichproves yet once more how many regions yetremain to be explored in the field of thehistory of the theatre. EDWARD A. CARRICK IT was while walking round Lincoln's InnFields with Mr. Tom Heslewood, in searchof some old landmarks, that he suggestedthat 1 might find some designs of old Lon- don Theatres in the famous collection made bySir John Soane early in the 19th Century, sowe went into the Soane Museum and askedMr. Bolton, the Curator, if he knew whetherthere was anything of the kind among thecollected MSS and Drawings. Mr. Boltoncould not recall anything : but later, whenthe Italian Theatre was mentioned, he remem- bered that he had " a book on the Tor di Nona Theatre in Rome I asked if I mightlook at it, and when it was brought and Isaw that it contained not only original draw- ings of the Teatro di Tor di Nona butplans of three very important theatres of Ve- nezia, Firenze and Siena, I realized that herewas something which students of the historyof the Theatre, and especially the ItalianTheatre, would be glad to know of, and had,in fact, for years been looking for. Mr. Bol- ton was very pleased to think that I hadfound more than I had expected and gra- ciously allowed me to have photographs taken,and it is owing to his generosity in permit- ting this to be done that it has been possiblefor them to be reproduced in " The Mask "•Thus it was I came to " discover " thistreasure. MANY famous historians such as PompeoMoimenti, Tadeo Wiel, Galvani Tas- sini and others have written volumes aboutthe Theatres of Venezia, but none have beenable to discover any kind of plan showingthe form of their 17th Century Theatres. Atthe State Archives in Venezia they said thatsearches for them had often been made butthat now it was presumed that none existed.In Firenze, though the Accademia degliImmobili still exists and possesses the Ar- chives of the Teatro della Pergola from 1652to the present day, among all the documentsit would seem that an early plan of the thea- tre has not been found ; and it is the samewith Siena.The plans of the Teatro di Tor di Nonain Roma are all of the greatest interest, andby the aid of two volumes, one by FeliceGiorgi (!) and the other by A. Ademollo (2)the student will now be able to get his factsabout this theatre somewhat straighter. Gior- gi's book, which was published in 1795,gives a full description and a sketchy historyof the Theatre together with plans of eachof the six buildings, five of which were erectedon the one site since 1660. As many of thehistorical facts will be of interest to thosewho have not a copy of the book, I havecopied out some of these and strung themtogether. (1) r4 Descrizione Istorica del Teatro di Tor di Nona diFelice Giorgi Architetto Camerale etc, 9 Plates, Cannetti,Roma, 1795.(2) A. Ademollo, 44 I Teatri di Roma nel Secolo XVIIRoma, 1888. DESIGN No. 36. PLAN OF THE TEATRO DEGLI INTRONAT1, SIENA.Originally built in wood in 1560 it was rebuilt of brick in 1670. Size of originaldrawing 51.5 x31 cm. Compare the design by F. C. Motta. Plate 19. DESIGN No. 34. - PLAN AND SECTIONOF THE TEATRO DI SAN GIOVANNI E PAOLO, VENEZIA.Signed by the architect of the theatre Tomaso Belli and built 1638-39. Note the very curious, deep,ditch (not for the orchestra) between the orchestra and first row of stalls. Size of originaldrawing, 59 x 44.6 cm. Plate 20. DESIGN No. 10. - PLAN OF THE TEATRO DI TOR DI NONA, ROMA.Part of a large plan measuring 93.5X 38 cm. Signed C. Fontana. Plate 21. DESIGN No. 33. - PLAN OF THE TEATRO TOR DI NONA, ROMA.of original drawing 39 x31 cm. Signed C. Fontana. Plate 22. DESIGN No. 8. - INTERIOR VIEW OF THE TEATRO DI TOR DI NONA, ROMA.Size of the original drawing 41.3 x 29.5 cm. Signed C. Fontana. Plate 23. Plate 24. DESIGN No. 6. - SECTION AND PLAN OF THE TEATRO DI TOR DI NONA, ROMA.of original drawing 41.4 x 29.3 Unsigned. DESIGN No. 31. - PLAN OF AN UNKNOWN THEATRE IN ROMA.Part of a large plan measuring 81x53 cm. Signed Carlo Fontana. (See also Figure 2). Plate 25. DESIGN No. 13. - PLAN OF AN UNKNOWN THEATRE IN ROMA.Part of a large plan measuring 81x53 cm. Signed Carlo Fontana. (See also Figure 2). Plate 26. Figure 3.The First Theatre erected in the building known as the Prisons of Tordinona.Reproduced from "Descrizione Istorica del Teatro di Tor di Nona" di Felice Giorgi. Roma 1795. FROM some very early date there stood onthis site, which is on the hank of the Tevereexactly opposite the Castello di Sant'Angelo,the prisons of Tor di Nona. On the acces- sion of Pope Innocenzo X, new prisons werebuilt elsewhere and those of the Tor di Nonaabandoned. But they were soon put to anew use and in 1660, says Giorgi, the firsttheatre was constructed. He gives a plateshowing the plan of the theatre which is herereproduced ( Figure3). Although this was alarger theatre than any of the others in Romaat that time it was before long found tobe far too small, as it became the most po- pular of them all; so it was proposed to en- large it and at the same time to change itsform.Living in Roma at that time was a weal- thy man who was passionately fond of buil- ding theatres, the Conte Aliberti; he did nothesitate a minute to undertake the new projectand had the work started at once, this time turning the theatre so that it ran parallel withthe Strada del Orso as seen in t* igure 1. Aplan of this second theatre is also given inGiorgi's book and below it is written : " Planof the second theatre, turned lengthwise onthe site, and it is believed built by the Ar- chitect Alessandro Specchi ". (I&gt; This theatre,like the first, became so popular that Pope Cle- mente XI, fearing for the bad influence itwould have on the people, issued an orderfor its demolition in 1690. &lt;2) It is this se- cond theatre that Fontana's plans and sectionsdepict.In 1735 by order of the the Ar- chitect Cavaliere Gregorini was commissionedto rebuild the theatre, but he passed it on tohis best pupil Cavaliere Passalaqua who putit up in sixteen days! Its popularity thenwent down owing to the fact of other thea- tres having been built, one by the Cavaliere Fuga for the Conte Aliberti and called theTeatro d'Aliberti (l), and another by the Mar- chese Teodoli called the Teatro del TorreArgentina (2). The Tor di Nona now passedinto several hands and one night it caughtfire and in three hours was gutted. Then acertain Abbate Ricca took upon himself torebuild it the fourth time. He had a number ofdesigns put before him and at last selectedthat of the Architect Natale Marini who pro- posed building it once again of wood. Woodhad been used when erecting the three ear- lier theatres. But the whole idea failed forRicca could get no support. This coming tothe ears of another Architect, Giuseppe Tar- quini, he, together with a relative, a headmason named Angelo Luigione, undertook toset about the work, and in 1780, using hisown plans, he built it at his own expense.This time more solid materials were used.A dome was built over the Auditorium andthere was a spiral stairway behind the stageto allow horses to mount to it from the street.Tarquini published a book describing thistheatre entitled " Notizie, e documenti dellaNusva Fabrica del Teatro di Tor di Nona ".Casaletti: Roma (1780).But this building having been badly con- structed began to break up bit by bit, untilon the night of November 18th 1785 it fellinto ruins. In the same year the ' ArchitectGiuseppe Barbieri finding a rich contractorby the name of Antonio Cioli, made somereally elaborate plans with the intention ofrebuilding the place. But just when workwas about to start the Contractor died andthe beautiful project had to be abandonedand what was left of the theatre continuedto crumble until hardly a piece of value re- mained. In 1789 Cardinal Fabrizio Ruffopersuaded the Architect Felice Giorgi toerect a new building which he did, and ofwhich he gives two plans and two sectionsin his book. The decorations were by Gio- vanni Battista Maderna and this building waschristened " Teatro di Apollo " .In 1820, Count Torlonia being owner ofthe property, he had it rebuilt for the last timeby his Architect Giuseppe Veladier.At the end of the last century when the new embankment was built along the Teverethe theatre was pulled down and now not asign remains. (1) According to Ademollo the first public theatre inRoma dates from 1600 though nothing is known of its nameor position ; the others referred to by Giorgi are still un- known. (1) Ademollo dates the building of this second theatre as1671 and I think it will be found that he is correct. Specchiwas one of Fontana's pupils and his supposed plan in Gior- gi's book is almost a facsimile of Plate 22 which is by Mon- tana.(2) In the Library at Genova I found 31 pages of MS allof greatest interest relating to this demolition. (1) Some say this was built by Francesco Bibiena.(2) Giorgi does not mention the Teatro Capranica, alsobuilt at that time.(3) Another authority says that it only received the nameof Apollo in 1861. GORDON CRAIG TO THE EDITOR OF "THE MASK" Gordon Craig. QIRvi So far as ! know nothing approachingsuch a discovery has been made for years. Ifthe plan of the Fii enze theatre had been dis- covered by some one in Firenze there wouldhave been quite a flutter; but to come acrossthe Fir enze, Siena, Venezia and Roma plansand those of those four most celebrated Thea- tres is sensational.It is like " The Mask " to make nothingof it, for what else, sir, you make of it.A noise ? assuredly not : money ? you'll losenot make it. Reputation ? well yes : for,having published these plans which werelying at the service of the historians for thelast hundred years had they spotted them,you will gain reputation for " The Mask".I do not know how many people read you,but at least four thousand of your readerswill appreciate the energy and discernmentof Mr. Edward Carrick in finding, and youraction in publishing, these plans.Yet I can't say I do; all I appreciate,and to the full, is the lack of energy and dis- cernment of the many students of Londonwho all these years failed to come across, orcoming across to appreciate, these plans.For they are of real importance to Venezia,and Siena, to Firenze and to Roma. Theyare of even more value to the students ofthe Italian Theatre.We have to realize that no plan existed,or rather no plan had been found, let alonein England but in Europe, of this Teatro In- tronati. None had been seen, or at any ratepublished, of this Teatro San Giov. e Paolo,and none of La Pergola, FirenzeAll that the famous Italian historians ofthese three cities could do was to guess atthe precise form of these places. Nowthey can speak with assurance. Ameri- can and English readers will hardly realizeunless they have lived in Italy for some timehow serious is the whole question of Theatre to the Italian. It takes two thousand personsof all sorts to fill a fair-sized theatre andthere is hardly one who lacks the seriousness,the passionate seriousness, hardly one whofails to express this, to tell the actors by theonly means at his command, acute silence andattention and immediate response, that he isfollowing the action step by step." Rather good, that" is the phrase onehears in a London Theatre after a piece offirst-class emotional acting, and it won't do.Why? simply for the old commonsense reasonthat the theatre is one of the few placeswhere emotion is to be let loose. A churchis another. Don't tell me that that affecta- tion of pretending to be superior to all emo- tion, to never lose the head, is ever fitting —for it's out of place in a Theatre.An assumption of calm and indifferenceis, may be, superb in an Englishman in pre- sence of disaster ; in a Theatre all assumptionby the spectators is out of place for it's thehome of assumption. Any acting is to be leftto the actors. And it's because so much ofit goes on in the stalls, the boxes, the dress- circle, gallery and pit that the situation isslowly being reversed in our Theatres, — theactors are ceasing to assume to act and theaudiences are doing more of it every evening.Going to a Theatre is a performance, ...arri- ving an entrance, watching the show a display,criticising it a pretence : where does the pooractor come in?... where is his chance ? So,while these plans will please every Italian wholoves and goes to the Theatre, they will notplease many English or French theatre-goers.For they will not be able to be cleveror effective about them: they will not be ableto score a point. The Italians won't wantto. If the real men and women of Englandever went to a Theatre I could not writethis... but the real men and women have notthe Theatre sense. I think the French nolonger possess it — I doubt if they everhad it. The Russians have it but it's a some- what complicated instrument, their Thea- tre sense. The Germans have it about aslittle as we — but they are so that theyshow they have the will to watch.I don't enjoy myself in a house full ofsuch theatre-goers, nor in a Theatre packedwith English Theatre goers : certainly not inFrance either. In Russia I feel rather toohearty and not heady enough. Only in an Italian playhouse am I quite free, entirely se- rious, and able to enjoy the evening.A thief had stolen a horse — and in theearly morning the owner and his family cameto the stables and began to cry aloud "Ohmy poor horse — you wretched ostler —you great blockhead" and his neighboursblamed the owner for not having double doors;and the policeman who came up blamed thepeople for not being awake at night — allblamed each other, and everyone blamed theostler. " And isn't the thief to get any of theblame?" he cried.And so while one can blame pit and gal- lery and circles for having so dull a Theatresense, perhaps some blame is due to theactor.And now that he has been mentioned letus all raise our indignant voices and ask theactors how much they are interested in thesedusty old plans of these four Theatres.What actors will see them ? Some ofthe older ones and the beginners perhaps —but I doubt if more than three in all Englandwill see them, or, seeing them, care one strawabout looking at them a second time. Butthis is not so strange, for, in the great Tal- ma's time, which of the actors ever stoppedto consider the plans, sections and elevationsof their house ? Perhaps Talma alone did that.Why should they ?Well, it seems to me that the whole his- tory of the Theatre lies in such plans as theseif one can read the lines. The problems whichcentury after century trouble us so that welose our lives and fortune after fortune puz- zling and muddling, can, for the most part, besolved by studying the construction of the thea- tres of the last three hundred years.Unless in the end they do that what aresuch plans for ?They are pretty things — and they, arecurious too : I like them for all kinds of in- definite reasons, but I have one prime rea- son for valuing them, and that is that theyresolve nearly all the problems of the stage,its actors, its plays and operas, its spectatorsand its sound sense.I do not know whether the Colleges andSchools trouble to instruct the pupils aboutthe construction of theatres in all lands andof all periods, but 1 think that should be thefirst thing a student should be put to study.This is why I think " The Mask" does one more service to the cause it has at heartin bringing such things to its public.I should have liked to say something aboutthese particular plans reproduced here; butthough I fancy I know a little about them,that little is merely the evidence I alwayslook for to support my own special fancyabout the stage — that special fancy beingto have a theatre of my own, I have alreadysaid what that is too many times to bore anyone again with it. (1) See The Mask. July, 1927. W. J. LAWRENCE W. J. Lawrence. SIRA part from the fact that it is impoliticfor one like myself who is purely a stagehistorian to embroil himself with pre- sent day controversies, I see no means ofdemonstrating that the new-found plans throwany light on the sanity or stability of thesomewhat complex new movement. Theutility of historical research as a source oflatter-day scenic inspiration can only be shownby approach from another angle. How muchof Reinhardt's earlier work was mere eclec- ticism — the revivifying and harmonisation ofobsolete conventions — can only be graspedby those possessing a full knowledge of thehistory of stage mounting. But for the re- search of others, this eclecticism would havebeen impossible.So, too, as I have been informed morethan once, the publication of my study of theold proscenium doors in my book, " TheElizabethan Playhouse and Other Studies(First Series, April 1912) — a study printedsome years previously in the German maga- zine, Anglia — occasioned the revival of thedoors in connexion with the apron stage.The provision of the doors, for special use,at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre in 1913,was, at any rate, due to this inciting cause.So that the work of the theatrical researcherhas some utility beyond the merely ornamental.What you now tell me about the findingof these theatre plans necessitates the with- drawal of my former conjecture that the planof the Teatro della Pergola was doubtlessthe original. All these plans were certainlymade when the building of the Teatro Tordi Nona was contemplated, and representedthe specified theatres in their contemporary (but not necessarily original) state. Anytheatre plan showing an orchestral box belowthe parapetto of the stage must necessarilyhave been made after 1630, since it was atthat period the orchestral box was first insti- tuted in the Venetian Opera Houses. Hence,the plan of the Teatro Intronati, Siena, cannotrepresent that House as Bartolemmo Nerone(otherwise II Riccio) built it in 1560, moreespecially as it shows a magnet-shaped audi- torium. No house of that shape was knownof, I think, until three quarters of a century later.From the historical standpoint, plate No 20,(Venezia) is undoubtedly the most interestingof the series, since it supplements ourknowledge concerning the early Venetian ope- ras-houses. Iam assuming, of course, that theplan shows the San Giovanni e Paolo muchas it was originally, (1639). The plans areof the period of 1675, and much alterationof the old Venetian house cannot have takenplace in thirty odd years. The indicationsare that the earliest type of modern Italianauditorium was lyre-shaped. Alphonse Gossetsays that the horse-shoe shape came in withthe Teatro Tor di Nona, and —at least —the new-found designs do not contradict him.In the Venetian design, it looks to me asif there were boxes between the columnsof the deep proscenium arch : if so, a long- followed precedent was then set. Full measu- rements should be published, especially as thewriting on the plan is so small. What, for in- stance, was the length and slope.of the stage?The plans of the Teatro Tor di Nonashould be compared with the plan of the samehouse given in G. M. Dumont, " DetailsD'Architecture", (Paris, 1763-66, folio). Anydiscrepancy would show what alterations, ifany, had been made in the interim.The system of oblique wings to be notedin several of the plans was, I think, pecu- liarly Italian. (By oblique wings, I meanwings not set parallel to the curtain line). Itnever reached England.Plans 23 and 24 are interesting as showingthe precise arrangement of the various rowsof boxes in Italy in the seventeenth century.This system, too, never reached England.Note the following extract from John Macky's" Journey through England in Familiar Let- ters " published in 1714. Macky was, Ithink, a Scot, one to whom England was aforeign country: — " The Th eatres differ from those abroad:in that those at Venice, Paris, Brussels,Genoa and other parts, you know, are com- posed of rows of small shut boxes, three orfour stories' in a semi-circle, with a Parterrebelow; whereas here the Parterre, commonlycalled the Pit, contains the gentlemen onbenches ; and on the first story of boxes sitladies of quality; in the second the Citizens'wives and daughters, and in the third thecommon people and footmen; so that betweenthe actes you are as much diverted by viewingthe beauties of the audience, as whiie theyact with the subject of the play; and thewhole is illuminated to the greatest advan- tage Whereas abroad, the stage being onlyilluminated and the lodge or boxes close, youlose the pleasure of seeing the company; andindeed the English have reason in this forno nation in the world can show such anassembly of shining beauties there".This openness of the auditorium has al- ways been characteristic of the English thea- tre. When theatres first began to be providedwith movable scenery at the Restoration (in1661), though the revolution in the actors'regions was great, little change took place inthe arrangement of the auditorium. Thethree open galleries of Shakespeare's daystill maintained. Continental influence camemuch later: it altered the shape of the house,which was originally rectangular, and addeda few private boxes. England arrived at themodern auditorium before Italy. In Italy, theancient amphitheatrical arrangement held gooduntil 1618, and was not wholly supersededeven then. In England, the theatre with apit and three galleries dates from 1576.Owing to extreme pressure of work, Ihave not been able to write a formal articlefor " The Mask " on these plans, but youare at liberty, of course, to quote or sum- marise any details 1 have given in thisletter. Sincerely yours, W. J. L. . PS.I find I am wrong in stating that theItalian auditorium (with five rows of boxes)was never introduced into England. Late inthe 18th century the Pantheon (Opera House)in Oxford St. was so constructed. But ofcourse I was thinking only of when 1 wrote. ALFRED MORTIER | consider the plans which you have beena. so courteous in sending •to me as of themost vital architectural interest. It would beimpossible to praise too highly the zeal anddiligence which you devote to increasing thecommon patrimony of all the seekers in thisfield. One of the most ridiculous vanities ofour age is to believe that it has inventedeverything, and that the riches of the pastare negligible. But the designs which youhave brought to light could, it seems to me,inspire a modern architect with some inte- resting ideas, seeing that the ancient Italianbuilders had much meditated upon and expe- rimented with the question of the form of thetheatric structure in relation with the bestacoustics. Acoustics remains an ever presentproblem and one of serious difficulty. Forthis reason 1 consider that your designs willbe of benefit to contemporary architects. ALLARDYCE NICOLL DEVICE OF THE TEATRODEGLI INTRONATISIENA WHAT wonderful work The Mask isdoing S Continually it is discoveringsomething new. Not content with the mag- nificent maps of London, Paris and Roma,not content with the hundreds of rare plansand sketches which it has published, it nowcomes forward with this veritable treasure- trove, this series of hitherto unknown plansof early Italian theatres.I have been asked by the Editor to saysomething about them, but, were it not thata request from 7/is Mis to me a com- mand, I should hesitate to undertake this task.Not only do I lack the leisure at present tomake a detailed study of these plans in thelight of other records of the period, but Ishould have preferred to have had the op- portunity of seeing the originals and of de- ciphering the notes which the artist has freelycontributed to his sketches. However, theEditor tells me that it will be sufficient if Isay something general, and if I, in any way,call attention to the value of this newly dis- covered material. So be it.These plans are an education in them- selves, for they indicate clearly enough thathigh spirit of artistic questing which inspiredthe Italian architects of the seicenio. They are all (1 take it on the authority of theEditor) by C arlo Fontana (!\ and what wouldstrike us at once is the variety of stylesexhibited, the evident desire on the part ofthe architect to try new experiments in thesearch for the ideal. Indeed, these eightplans sum up, as it were, the endeavours ofa whole school of theatre artists who werepassing from tentative reconstructions of clas- sical antiquity ? into the modern age. Thestage arrangements had practically settledthemselves by the early XVII century, theobliquely set side-wings carrying the eye backgradually to a final back-cloth or back-shut- ter ; but the auditorium still presented difficul- ties.The first models were taken from thesemicircle of a Roman caiea, the seats beingarranged in amphithealrica! fashion, and oftenending, as in the famous Teairoin a row of columns. The idea of galleriescame later. Hitherto it had been thoughtthat one of the very Erst plans of this typeis that given by Andrea Pozzo in hisspeltiva de Pittori cd Archiletii (1692), de- signed apparently several years previous topublication. One of the most interesting fea- tures of the plans now reproduced, in TheMasfy is that this gallery arrangement isclearly indicated at a date anterior to that ofPozzo's. In Pozzo's plan the auditorium stillretains its semicircular arrangement, but themajority of Italian theatre-architects were seek- ing for a more commodious " house " thanthis would allow; moreover the exigenciesof the ground space they had to fill frequentlyforbad the utilization of the semicircle. TheTeatro Intronati, Siena (Plate 19) shows thesimplest adaptation, the original semicircle beingcarried forwards in two lines running at rightangles to the diameter. This style was thatadapted in the Teatro Fcrnese at Parma, butit proved inconvenient for spectators in thesidegalleries. One way of escape lay in ma- king part of the gallery project, and this isdone in the plan for the Teatro SS. Giovannie Paolo at Venezia (Plate 20). Then came thedesign for a theatre at Roma (PI. 26), wherethe sides, still retaining their straight lines,are made to run outwards at oblique anglesto the diameter of the semicircle. Althoughthis form was adopted in the Teatro Falcone : at Geneva begun by G. A. Falcone in 16501 and completed by Fontana; (see E. Gordon! Craig, Eooks end Theatres, p. 34), it always: remained an unusual one. I expect that this: of Roma was for some projected or realisedi private theatre; at any rate I have beenunable to identify it. The opposite of the: shape chosen here is that of the " horse- shoe ", very popular and adopted in the Teatrolor di Nona (Plates 21 &amp; 24); with slightmodifications it reappears in the Teatro aliaScala at Milan and in the " Vecchio Teatro "at Naples. The interest of Plates 21 and 24(to be taken with Fig. I.) is that they showthe Tor di Nona as that was built in 1660.Plate 21 gives us the general outlines of thehouse with a sketch of its surroundings;Plates 23 and 24 show clearly the arrangementof the galleries. No less than six there areof these (there are only five in the Pozzoengraving) in a " horse-shoe " or " magnet"formation. With the indication of interiorembellishments and of the orchestra well,these plans contribute much to our know- ledge of these early theatres. The later Tordi Nona (built in 1671 and destroyed 26years later) appears here also (Plate 22).This design makes us pause, for it isfundamentally the same as that generally at- tributed to Alessandro Specchi. Here anovoid auditorium is used, somewhat after thestyle of the theatre at Jmoia. If we mayargue from this book of sketches, then CarloFontana was its architect.Plate 22 shows a theatre very similar inoutline to the earlier Tor di Nona; Fig. 2indicates plainly enough that it was not thishouse. The ground plan reminds us of thesurroundings of the Teatro della Valle, butthat, it seems, was a much later building.A careful examination of the original shouldresult in a definite identification.These are things of the past, it is true,but they have a value both for the presentand for the future. In the first place they arean admonition, particularly to theatre-workersin England. Experimentation alone can lead,towards the greater development of any art;the mentally inert following of what has gonebefore spells artistic death. This experimenta- tion still goes on elsewhere, but we seem herecontent to muddle on with what we have,casting our eyes no further back than towardsthe remnants the last generation has left to us,O 7 and seeking nothing in the future. A studyof Fontana s designs could teach us much.Nor is this all.We may not perhaps care for these plans,we may desire our new theatres to be dif- ferent from these theatres of the seventeenthcentury—and this would be a perfectly iustaim; but these early efforts have often thingsto tell us, little ideas which may be re-createdin the imagination and thus lead towards some- thing fresh and beautiful. The greater artistshave always been willing to gain inspirationfrom the past, for they know that the past isthe treasure-house from which their ownstrength is taken ; only die lesser artists fearthe past lest it be greater than themselves;only those who are not artists at ail scofriaglyneglect the past, for they have no ideas ofbeauty, in the past, in the present or in thefuture.It is for these reasons that we must ad- mire and applaud the efforts of The Mask- it has ideals (which indicate the future) ; ithas a present beauty ; and it strives to keepalive our interest in the past. From TheMask, as well as from Fontana and hispeers, we have much to learn. 20. IX. 27. (i) All are in a volume bearing Fontana's name. Ed. ARIOSTO'S HOUSEIN FERRARA A PLAN AND ELEVATION TAKEN FROM AN EARLY EDITION OFTHE POET'S "ORLANDO FURIOSO" A. C. THE poet-dramatist's house was in the Via di Mirasole,He bought the site in 1526-1528 and then built a modestenough dwelling which he hoped to enlarge and make mostmagnificent; — if he had believed it easy to for 111 are le casecome i versi "it proved in practice less easy; and people werelate in offering to build it for him. Today they would tumbleover each other in the effort to be the first to do so.The plan and elevation here given is taken from the 1772edition of his " Orlando Furioso " issued in four volumes byZatta in Venezia, Ariosto lived here a long time after leavingthe old family house established in 1352 in the Via S. Mariadi Bocclie in which lie had often played his own comedieswith his brothers and friends.It was in this house in Via di Mirasole that the poetdied on June 6, 1533; it had a garden and a small wood of elm trees. MACHINE. E. G. C. August. 1927. BYRON AND MACHINE. LORD Byron made but three speeches inthe House of Lords. The first was onFebruary 27th 1812 when he spoke againsta Bill increasing punishments for frame breaking.Trade was bad and stocking-weavers hadbeen losing work; discontent was growingand was being fanned into a revolt throughthe introduction of a machine.... a wide framewhich threatened a further diminution in thedemand for manual labour. Riots were or- ganized and the machines were destroyed.Byron naturally was for the men and againstthe machines. Two days earlier he wrote aletter to Lord Holland in which he expressedhis attitude towards the whole question, a partof which I will quote :—To Lord Holland.8 Si James Street. Feb. 25 1812.My LordBy the ad option of a certain kind of frame,one man performs the work of seven—nx are thus thrownout of business. But it is to be observed that the workthus done, is far inferior in quality, hardly marketable atheme, and hurried over with a view to exportation.Surely, my Lord, however we may rejoice in any improve- ments in mechanism, the maintenance and woll-doing ofthe industrious poor is an object of greater consequence tothe community than the enrichment of a few monopolistsby any improvement in the implements of trade, whichdeprives the workman of his bread, and renders the lab- ourer 44 unworthy of his hireMy own motive for opposing the biil is founded onUs palpable injustice, and its certain inefEcacy. I have seenthe state of these miserable men, and it is a disgrace to acivilized country. i heir excesses may be condemned, butcannot be subject of wonder. The effect of the presentbill would be to drive theoi into actual rebellion. Thefew words I shall venture to offer cn Thursday will befounded upon these opinions formed from my own obser- vations on the spot I have the honour to be,with great respect, my Lord, your Lord?-hip's.Most obedient and obliged servant, BYRON.P. S. — I am a little apprehensive that your Lordshipwill think me too lenient towards these men, and half aframe-breaker myself Oh A MACHINE AGE. THERE was a " Machine Age Expositionheld from May 16th to May 28th in NewYork. " The Little Review " issued a Ca- talogue of this show. Wei! printed, it con- tained many a good cliche and a fewidiotic " Costumes " for Machine Theatricals,and reached me together with a prospectusof the Mimeograph—a machine.People who sell machines are apt to spreadit around that this is a Machine Age. Itisn't, but that is of no importance. " Areyou machine wise? " they ask you on theirposters, leaflets, prospectuses. Listen to thisfrom one of them : — WISDOM IS IN DOING, MORE THAN INSAYING. ARE YOU MACHINE WISE? UMMii Niiaiminii i i miRMiHrirr i mmaiiiMii miimiim ■ ■■ ai nunan 11 nan iMOMnin ii i niHHHaianaiaoMwa* 61T is a self-evident fact that no man* should be permitted to do a piece ofwork which a machine can doBut here is a machine that does im- portant work that could hardly be doneat all without its help. Its ability toturn out thousands of well printed letters,forms, bulletins, designs, etc., in everyhour of the working day, has made theMimeograph an indispensible factor inmany business and educational activities,where it is helping to beat down opera- ting costs and to speed up general effi- ciency. in the day of the triumphantmachine it pays to be machine wise ".iwsmHBMHMRMaMPnuBMnmMnaMHHBnttaaMBMKBwaBSKMHMaKMHMBBMWHMawKHMaaanBaHHnaMnBa AND ALL TO WHAT END? A BOVE this announcement is a picture ofii the Mimeograph with a background ofowls—symbolical of wisdom—which seemssuperfluous since an owl is not a machine—is only a bird, not a manufactured talkingbird but one made by nature.The inventors or manufacturers don't claimthat their machine will benefit humanity be- cause it will help to " turn out thousands ofwell printed letters, forms, bulletins, de- signs " by, say, Thomas Hardy, MaximGorki, Mussolini and Augustus John : nothingsatisfactory like that. No, it is willing, thisheadlong machine, to assist every Jack manof us to turn out all our useless litter ofletters, forms, bulletins and designs. That'swhere machines run away and make a hashof the mind of whole nations of men. These machines turn out a lot of some- thing—that is the point the advertisers of mostmachines make. They grow almost hystericalas they realise what a lot of time they cansave, what a lot of copies of something (rub- bish or good stuff, all's one with the machine)can be turned out—rolled off — churned upand belched forth.There is of course any amount of fun inall this. The mere notion of gulling thou- sands of people into buying a machine hasalways appealed to the rich sense of grimhumour which the world has developed withsuch rapidity in the last few centuries. Thequality of this humour is hideous to touch,to hear, to see, to smell and to taste. It isso very grim; it is so grim that it topplesoff the jolly hillock where humour once baskedin the sun of its own happiness and utters itsgurgles from a pozzo nero.Still, it is humour, if only for the fact thatit cannot possibly be anything else. And thishumour of course is more apparent in theannouncements of some big and successful firmthan in those which dribble out in the amateurway. I need not illustrate this. SENTIMENTALITY RAMPANT. And now a few small groups of menand women (presumably connectedsomehow with the arts) are at it.They do not give us the grim horror ofthat colourful humour which the big firmsindulge in; they go in for sentimentality.There is nothing in this latest manifestoneed terrify you, and I strongly advise youto secure a copy if you can (I).These groups are at roots only too sen- timental —there lies their weakness; a weak- ness with an assumed, rather fierce, expression,The most sentimental of persons is thehefty, brisk machine lover of today, but whenyou meet him you find he is a dear, good,clever fellow.The whole notion of hitching their wagonto a machine may possibly spring from a nobledesire to alleviate the sufferings of the worldand to awaken the world: to start afresh :but behind the notion is the sly appreciationof the fact that it's a practical idea, anyhow,seeing that machines are so popular and that if we artists get the people and the manufac- turers to suppose that we artists are all formachines a certain sympathy, false if not ge- nuine, will then spring up twixt them and us.An eighth part of the notion is utter humbug,and a hundredth part is sheer rascality. ARTISTS AND MACHINE BUT the sentimentality which is at the rootsof the idea—let's consider that first.Liberty ! Liberte! Freiheit! Liberia 1 Svo- boda!This word (one of the cutest in the dictio- nary fo man), has been whispered, buzzed out,shouted, yelled, screamed these last hundredyears until the very air is humming with it.It is a terrible machine-made word ....andit is only a word. He who has the thingitself has it and says nothing. The man whois quite free does not exist, but any man mayhave a taste of the thing.Those who have defined it have provedthis, that the thing itself is anything but au- tomatic, it's horribly human ; no sooner is ithere than it pops up over there; lost to usfor ever, it suddenly arrives and makes uslaugh. We laugh instead of naming it.Not so those who love cliches best.Freiheit! - Liberta! La Liberie ! Svoboda!- Freedom !—My God, what a mouthful, whata headache of a word,—how the machineshammer it out.These artists who have given themselvesup lock stock and barrel to their great grand- papa the MACHINE, have done so becausethey felt in sympathy with a new instrument.They think to pick it up later and use it.They will not do that because it will usethem, and its way of using them will be togrind them to fine white powder which it willsell labelled ' Poudre d'Amour '.For all this these fellows are heroic.Some Artists have that particular tolly,the heroic, strong in them. Frightened, maybe, of a mouse or a gun, they will fling them- selves into an abyss or into a forlorn causewithout a moment's hesitation.Caution be damned ;—besides, why notrisk that quicker death with a smattering ofglory in it rather than starve slowly . ..as somany unsuccessful artists in so many epochshave done and done properly. Not now, yousay, in this enlightened age. Ah you rascal, you know quite well that light costs money,very much money today, and there is neverany over after you've paid for your electricinstallation to spare on tbe enlightenment oflazy artists.But not only is it in heroic despair thatmany an artist today is jumping into a sock- weaving machine; many do not jump thereat all; many are happier to cry Liberty onthe edge and buy a new pair of machine- made socks.Very clever are these artists: they under- stand the machine; they know its power; theywill very very wisely adapt themselves to it.A gain not always from cunning motivesbut as a rule from sentimental ones. Theywill harness the machine and through it theywill bring light to the world at last. TheFuturists were out and out sentimentalists anddreamers.Vain, lovely and stupid dream. Theywill but make a pale world paler when theyare powdered on to its face.Then there is that cute notion of winningthe sympathy, the lasting friendship of thepeople by appearing to love this little dam- nation ; and after all 1 mean no disrespect tothe brute but it is only a little damnationwhen all's said and done. It will pass.Then there is the love of machines bythose who can no longer love that which isless regular. Whether it be fear or ennuithat has turned them from their old loves,someone will some day explain—alas, atlength. But 1 never knew a hearty loverprefer a cog wheel even to a coquette.The humbug of the thing (and there isvery little humbug in it as 1 have alreadysaid) lies in the evasion of the whole com- mon sense of art. These artists are machine- drunk ; their commonsense is slobbering.We ask them the time ; they grin, hiccup,and show us the works of their watches.As for the rascality that is in this pre- tended devotion to machines, it lies not withthe artists ; the rascals are those who exploitthe artists for the old and wearisome reasons. MACHINE AS SERVANT. THE machine when not grown tp monstrousproportions can be, is, a useful thing. Ihave a small one for sharpening my pencils.My admiration for its powers urges me to declare that it is made by Guhl and Har- beck of Hamburg and is called " Jupiter "I.The pencil is cut in a lying down posi- tion. Those other still smaller machines forcutting pencils into which you have to putyour pencil from the top are but playthings.My little machine measures 14 inches inlength and 6 in breadth, so you see it de- serves its name " Jupiter " 1.I use a number of pencils, daily sharpen- ing ten or twelve of them or even more be- fore I sit down to write* or draw.The mechanical noise of the wheel goinground gives me a reminder of the year 1 amliving in. I really think a hint is enough,it is the only machine I use, except that forblowing the air and the papers about in theheat of summertime, and the electric lightmachine, the central heater, my watch andthe old-fashioned train(I). At present I haveno automobile, no aeroplane. I do hire anautomobile when in a hurry and when 1 cancatch one, and how valuable it proves tous all everyone knows, yet how great a nui- sance it is no one fails by now to suspect. MACHINE AS DESTROYER. IN America alone 137,017 persons were killedby automobiles between January 1st 1919and January 1st 1927, while the total deathsof American men in the war amounted to120,050. Add to the 137,017 machinedeaths some 3,500,000 injuries due to automo- bile accidents, and the pretty little sentimen- tality of these machine lovers does take on atouch of something rather queer. No ? Ifthis number of people had been murderedthe world would have admitted that it wasall up with society: but as Machine did itit's quite all right. MACHINE: SLAVE OR MASTER. I will admit that 1 hanker after a gramophonefor 1 can prevent it splitting my ears.1 want one because i have a big gardenand in the summer I want to hear the voiceof Chaliapine singing far off behind the sugar canes on my topmost terrace. If I had tosee the machine, to have it on the table,in the room, I should not want to hear Cha- liapine at all. I should become quite old- fashioned and then grumpy and then die.And there we have it:—if you can keepmachines at a distance and in their placethey are quite an addition ; but if they comeplaying the cockawhoop over us, smashingpeople by the thousand, deafening us, spoilingour music, our fields, our hills, and the seashore, we had better have done with themlest they attempt to do any more for us.I don't want an automobile on the pre- mises, because 1 have no use for one ; andif just because 1 have money I should buyone without having a need for it I shouldassuredly become its slave. It would worryme. I should invent reasons for using it,reasons which do not exist.I should then become what is called" machine wise "; that is to say, quite daft.And so it is with all these machines.I once had a printing machine, two printers,some type setters and so forth. I had needof it, but only for half a day ; the other halfday I had no use for it. I had to invent anoccupation to keep it out of mischief.This made me pause; I wondered, think- ing of this time-saving device.And many a modern newspaper withits destructive power has been invented sole- ly to keep the damn machines going. Noone wanted so many daily rags; but themachine ordered it and " quick, you boundersor I'll smash you " was its grunt. The boun- ders obeyed like sheep. SCURRY. A Flying machine to bring the good newsfrom Ghent a bit quicker than Rolandand his rider managed it, is a great idea:but to have ten thousand such machines andnot know how to occupy them is to be obligedto cause them to take the bad news to Cal- cutta—and then comes the riot.1 do not mention the hideous noises ofmachines, their curiously unpleasant way ofshivering : their sickly smell: nor will I stopto dwell upon the amateurishness of some ofthe more famous machines, like public trainsand public motor cars, for example.These defects are unnoticed except by the ordinary human beings who live the oldhuman life, the country people.... about1,500,000,000 people out of . the entire po- pulation of the world; they must be in themajority by about 10,000 to one. But thenthat one is a fine rogue who thinks he iscute and advanced.Noisy machines are but bad machines,I admit, but the small pampered groupcalled " the public " hungers and thirsts forrapidity and the poor helpless mechanic doeshis worst to oblige. He hurries up as fast as hecan and turns out bosh, and the public gets inand goes twice up and down the Champs Ely- sees, pays 3d, gets out and grumbles. It is forthese darlings that brilliant mechanical mindsare forced to hurry and to spoil their work (1).St. Martin ! FALSE FREEDOM. SAYS Signer Prampolini, in the Catalogue,"we futurists ", " noi Futuristi", " were thefirst to understand the marvellous mystery ofinspiration which machines possess ". Andafter all if Marinetti in 1909 ordered the Futu- rists " to chant the vibrant nocturnal fervour ofthe arsenals and ship yards ....the bridges, stea- mers .... locomotives.... aeroplanes ....and auto- mobiles "he only reaffirmed what Walt Whit- man had already done—done while chantingother things of lilac and of friends lest anyshould suppose him in love with me rely apatch in the whole garment ... as the unwarydid suppose and does still suppose.And now Signer Prampolini writes that" We today—without ignoring the attempts "of the past etc., " intend to andsynihetize all that has been expressed" .... "order to " do something or other not clearlystated. He then plunges after the others intothe machine, still crying aloud the phrases ofhis master's manifestos, still putting on heroicside. Goodby ....goodby, Prampolini. REVOLT, BUT WITH DISCIPLINE. AND why that exaggerated cry of —why then the excessive show of indepen- dence, and the unnecessary Manifesti.Revolt without discipline—revolt fromintolerable restraint—revolt from unendurableconditions—revolt from a slow death : maybe these are good reasons for revolt. Butbecause this revolt is without discipline it isworthless.Fascism was revolt with discipline ; washuman,—man against machinery ; and thereinlies all the difference.Today my dog still is a greater thing fromtip to tail than any machine you can pro- duce. YOUTH AND THE MACHINE. SO much for what I, and probably you, thinkabout the machine; and all 1 have saidis said because 1 know that you and I andeveryone else want to taste life more notless ; and I know that the machine destroysthe taste of life.But now hear what youth thinks of it alltoday, and then look back and see whatyoung Byron thought of machines.At Bagshot on June 30th i 927 a jour- nalist arrived at the camp organized by theY.M.C.A. in order to discover how the hun- dred and fifty lads collected there from allparts of the world would be feeling oncethey got together and could compare notesabout putting the world right.He tells us that after talking with themthey agreed that it is absurdly wrong, thisworld ; but they couldn't agree as to how toget it right again.(You remember the story told by Tol- stoi....).The journalist was present at half a do- zen discussions between these youths.One from Germany asked a French lad(each was the spokesman of his group) Whatwould you do if the situation of 1914 aroseagain ?"; and the Frenchman, hesitating,admitted that when a situation had reachedthe 1914 point, individuals became back num- bers and the Government's decision to goahead and butcher was irrisistible and had tobe obeyed. A young American thought Christianityought to be able to do something: aScottish fellow suggested that GovernmentsO Dwere to blame for everything, and a Scandi- navian argued that each land had the Go- vernment it deserved.Some others put all the blame on thePress.The general feeling, reported our journa- list, was that youth is in the hands of ma- chinery over which it has no control, andthat while they sit round their campfire to- night with real good feeling and heaps ofideals and will and heart, in the tomorrow,if called to, they may be flung at each otherand seventy-five of them be throttling thevery life out of the other seventy-fivefriends.The passion for the order found in Natureis one thing: a passion for system devisedby the mechanical mind is another.To hold the mechanical mind in its placeand not allow it to ramp about destroyinglife is the task before the serious legislatorof the immediate future. (i) Page 68-69. " Lord Byron and His Letters " by V. H.Collins. 1927. (i) Machine-age Exposition Catalogue. 119 West 57thStreet. New York. Price 50 cents. (i) Trains seem to be trying to over reach themselves.Sixty miles an hour is surely sufficiently fast for any of us :going seventy to seventy-five miles an hour they are apt tobump into bridges on the way to Deal or slip over precipiceswhen going down Mont Blanc. The papers are full of theirdoings, but no one invents a machine to prevent them over- doing it. (i) There is some fortunate architecture come into thisCatalogue. I have sent the brochure to a friend but I recallthat it contained pleasant French, German, Dutch, and Scan- dinavian buildings refreshing to see. How they got there onedoes not know. But still the manifesto accompanies it andinsists 011 " mobility ' \ u movement " action", as somehowpushing in. This is an error : for movement belongs to oneart alone—to the Dance, and it oveiflows into the Theatre.Into architecture it enters unexpectedly at times when theearth opens and swallows up a house or when busy money- makers arrange for Houses to collapse : otherwise movementhas no place in architecture.About the only sensible piece of writing in the bookletis signed j. h. A NOTE ON DRAMATIC CENSORSHIP BY BARRETT H. CLARK. C. I Write as an artist, who has not accepted her hospitality,sees America : and I write as an artist who kn°Mswhat the American artist has to put up with.I am told that in America there has always been a large,lucky, influential, dollarish group greatly concerned withthe imaginary troubles of others. It has filled its sparetime (twenty-four hours a day) attempting to cure thesetroubles.It seems that the group found that good drink Masa trouble so it gave its day of twenty four hours toclearing away all the good drink a™d substituting baddrink in place of it in order that the trouble might cease.This unfortunately gave birth to a new trouble, andthen a regular litter of little troubles.Thus a group is now finding that good Drama is asore trouble to many so it wishes to stamp out good dramaand supply the troubled one with bad drama.Mr. Clark's short essay will do much to preventthai, but the influential group will prevail in time. Thedollar is still worth 4/1. Lucky group.Mr. Clark says that America is the wealthiest nationin the world. Hmmm.... I cannot say whether he is comreel. It hugs its dollars so closely today it may well bethe Wealthiest. When it was poorer it fussed less aboutits wealth.Air. Clark says that some writers lie and that whenhe catches one at it it depresses him. His brochure of37 nicely printed pages (0 is mostly about sex and thedust that is being raised in America about sex plays.What he says is Worth reading.For that reason " The Mask " has obtained permis- sion to reprint it here.He doesn't like Corns to ck or thai sort of Censor.I am glad of his way of thinking about the matter :but I don't Wont problem plays to come back cigain :Td prefer Comsiock to that : for it would mean unleash- ing three hundred incompetent play writers and allowingthem to air all their grievances on stages.We don't want any more grievances aired on thestage—do we ? We had that a while ago, It nearly k*l~led the stage. A grievance and a tragedy are two different things. I am setting down(I) a few ideas so trite thatno one else has in the recent discussionson censorship had the courage to state them.My object is to try to clarify the issue. Whatare we discussing ? Essentially, the right ofthe dramatist to use whatever material he likes.How far can, may, and ought he to go in histreatment of situation and character ? Oughthe, when he ventures to depict abnormaltypes or set before us extreme cases of human turpitude, to be held responsible to society,and be prevented if need be by the law ?You will find sober critics, even thosewho do not believe in censorship (like Mr.Nathan) drawing the line somewhere. Theywill tell you that " certain subjects " shouldnot be dragged into plays, and go so far asto maintain that it may be harmful to revealcertain sorts of moral degeneration. Butanyone who knows his history of art will rea- lize that any artist (provided he producesa work of art) may, ought, can, and does takehis material where he finds it. A priori, thewhole world and everything in it, is open tothe artist. ! therefore respectfully claim thatthere is literally nothing the dramatist maynot treat, and despite all the censorship thathuman ingenuity and jealousy and impotentrage can devise, nothing that he not treatif he wants to. Whether or not he treats itwell, depends on himself. We are not dis- cussing esthetics. Do you imagine for aninstant that a first-rate dramatist asks him- self, " How far will they let me go? Howmuch of the whole truth as I see it, will thepolice allow me to tell ? No. He looksupon that part of life which he knows andexhibits it as well as he can. If he is a greatartist, he is scarcely if at all concerned withmorals in the fundamental sense of " cus- toms This is why nearly every great dra- matist has been condemned by his contempo- raries. You remember when Ibsen and Shawwere first introduced among us? William Winter,of respected memory, became positively foul- mouthed and libellous in describing theirplays. You recall what Anthony Com- stock said about Mrs. Warren s Profession ?These men, remembered chiefly for their stu- pidity and their savagery, were angry whenIbsen and Shaw upset their little notions aboutthings. What Winter's background was 1cannot say, but let me quote what Comstocksays about himself. 1 take the following fromMr. Broun's and Miss Leech's recent book:" When 1 was a boy ", writes Comstock," I used to construct in the woods.... a stone- trap. This was formed by taking a large flatstone and setting it up on one edge.... and fastening it there by means of three notchedsticks. The edge of one directly under thecenter of the stone was baited with a sweetapple. The rabbit or squirrel nibbling theapple would spring the trap and be crushedto death ". This was one of the reformer'sinnocent recreations as a boy. He took hispleasure throughout life by baiting traps andwatching the stone fall on his victims.Today we are not so seriously concernedover attacks on society and our political sys- tem. Sex is the great bugbear of the reformers. Certain persons have taken upon them- selves the task of " cleaning up the stageas they phrase it, of establishing juries andcensors to pass upon those plays which, insomebody's opinion, might possibly arouse" impure " thoughts in the minds of the young.Now please stop a moment to consider this,just what does it mean? Those of you v/hobelieve that plays like The Captive, or De- sire Under the Elms, or Sex, are conduciveto immorality, presumably have some notionof what you mean. It is stoutly maintainedthat the spectacle of immorality—meaningsexual " irregularity "—arouses in the mindsof the immature a desire to imitate what theysee enacted on the stage. 1 don't think anyadvocate of censorship or police interferencehas ever admitted that he was himself sus- ceptible to the allurements of sex as exhibi- ted in plays. No, the reformers are sure ofthemselves. But at the same time they arenot sure of other people. Now, may 1 askhow they dare presume that if they are proofagainst such allurements, others are not so ?Unless these advocates of suppression willadmit that having passed beyond the agewhen sex interests them, they are none theless interested in its effect on those youngenough to enjoy it! In this case, I can onlysay they would make interesting patients forDr. Freud.But the fact remains that these people,in spite of their own immunity from sex con- tamination, regard themselves capable of jud- ging what will arouse " impure " thoughts inthe minds of the young. Well, I suppose itmust be admitted that the young have alwayshad " impure " thoughts; only we differ onwhat may be regarded as " impure ". If thereformers say that certain plays do this, allwe can be sure of (because no one can telljust what any other person thinks and feels) is that they do it to the reformers. For this1 am perfectly willing to take their word.Let us go a step further. • When the cen- sorship advocates say " impure ", they meanthoughts and desires connected with sex.When is a sex thought " pure " ? Generally,morally speaking, when the object of such athought is the husband or wife of the personwho thinks it. Right. But suppose an actorand an actress impersonating Mr. and Mrs.Jones in a play, enact an erotic scene. Thisis quite all right—in life, in the privacy ofthe home. But what of the effect on theaudience ? Mr. Smith, sitting in the frontrow, thinks that Mrs. Jones, on the stage,has lovely shoulders, and his guilty thoughtswander far from the shoulders of his ownwife, Mrs. S mith. An impure thought hasbeen aroused in Mr. Smith. But this, badas it is, does not concern the reformers, be- cause Mr. Smith is not an immature youngperson who never thought about sex or hadan " impure " sex impulse. But supposingMiss Smith, his daughter, goes to see theplay, admires the handsome Mr. Jones, andperhaps all unconsciusly imagines she wouldlike to be kissed by him? Vicious thoughtsof this kind will lead, it may be, to viciousactions, and the play will have started thegirl on the downward path. The situation justdescribed is taken from a so-called " clean "play. Here is no immorality, though it isof course possible to think " impure " thoughtsabout a husband and wife. But take the playin which the hero is not married to the he- roine. Little Miss Smith, in the audience,sees a situation enacted which in life is con- sidered " immoral ", for we are now assumingthat the leading man is in love with the lea- ding lady. True, in most cases, the drama- tist shows that being in love with one'sneighbor's wife leads to uncomfortable com- plications and usually precipitates punishment.And yet, an " immoral " situation has beenexposed to the innocent mind of Miss Smith.It is this sort of play that the reformersobject to, because young" people have noconsciousness of sin, and because until theday of their marriage they have no sex im- pulse whatsoever. Wherefore, plays thatexhibit sinfulness, irregularities of conduct, ina word, plays that arouse " impure " thoughtsshould be prohibited or, after production, bestopped by the police.' To begin with, I challenge anyone toprove that any play has ever harmed anyone'smorals; I challenge anyone to prove that anyyoung person has ever been aroused sexuallythrough a play who has not already beenaroused by any of the innumerable sex sti- muli outside the theatre. And even if suchproof could be established, what of it ? Godhelp the person who has never been so sti- mulated.With shame I confess it: I think it a finething for young people to have sex emotions,and I know of very few things (besides livingitself) that arouse them in a better way thanthe theatre. Sex is a very interesting thing ;I am inclined to believe also that it has itsuses. With more shame, 1 confess 1 find itextremely difficult to draw the line betweenthe various kinds of sex impulses and thoughts.I am indeed unable to make a nice distinc- tion between a " pure " and an " impuresex thought. 1 may even add that 1 have asneaking suspicion that all sex thoughts havesomething beautiful about them, except per- haps the twisted impulses in the breasts ofthose who presume to dictate to the youngwhich are the pure and which the impure.But the reformer is not concerned overthe pure and the impure ; it seems that tohim all sex is impure, dangerous, filthy, abo- minable. Life itself is a vast and complica- ted snare with sex as the sweet apple, andthe police, the vice society, and censorshipas the stone trap to crush us all to death.It is not the stage that demands supervision,it is all of life. The dramatist will treat lifeas he sees it. Therefore it would be far morelogical to attack and suppress all sex stimu- lants. And what are these ? First, our bo- dies, when they are beautiful (and often whenthey are not); pictures, books, poetry, softspring nights, moonlight, holding hands, whis- pered nothings between a boy and a girl;alas, nearly everything in life that is pleasantand thrilling. How small the drama looksbeside these things ! How infinitely petty isthe best lovemaking of a matinee idol com- pared to the love scene we enact ourselves,without an audience.My point here is simply that any effortto curb the dramatist in his treatment of sexis useless toward suppressing the sex impulse,because- plays are but one of ten thousandmeans of arousing " impure " thoughts. In other words, it is a hopeless task. Your ge- nuine advocate of censorhip (I except thesincere but misguided people who advocatesome supervision in order to avoid censorship)is then shortsighted and stupid, and it is rea- sonable to suppose that the censor he wouldimpose would be just as stupid and as shortssighted.My second point is that to temporise withthese advocates is both undignified and (tem- porarily) dangerous. 1 say " temporarily "because in the long run the artist will winout. But it may be that new dramatists willfor a time avoid treating certain aspects oflife, and be thereby deprived of a part oftheir natural inheritance. I believe further thatall compromise with the reformers is unwise;they are as unscrupulous as they are ignorant.Play juries, extra-legal control of the stage,and the rest—these are only petty makeshifts.Do you want censorship, or do you not? Itis foolish for us who love the theatre to con- descend to argue the matter with those whohate and detest it.Really, it seems to me that the wholequestion is just this : do you care more aboutthe art of the theatre than you do about sa- ving other people's souls? Granted, that is,that people's souls can be saved by not seeing" impure " plays ? If you do, then you mustoppose all censorship. If, on the other hand,you think that the remote possibility of pre- venting some young person from falling intosin is worth more than a beautiful play, youbelong among the reformers.Personally, I am willing to let the youngpeople save their own souls ; I, for one, amhaving enough trouble to live my own life aswell as 1 can without bothering other peopleabout their salvation: but if it came to an issue,I can only say that I would take a chance onmy salvation, and let the dramatist do as helikes. Personally, I am ready to deliver myimmortal soul into the hands of Sophoclesand Shakespeare and Moliere and Ibsen,rather than into the hands of the leaders ofthe Inquisition, Anthony Comstock, and hismilitant legions of the present day. (1) Copyright 1921, hy Barrett H. Clark. Revisedspecially for " The Mask " and Printed here hy per- mission of Glenn Hughes, Editor of the University ofWashington Chaphooks. TO ISADORA ANDYET... I believe that not too seldom but too oftenhave writers in The Mask, held forth—yes, held forth is the phrase— unto the faithful; and the unfaithful alike, saying to them " Don'tgive in you critters—stick to it—never say die".And yet.,...What are the conditions, what the precisepoint in the torture, strain, foolery, whateverj you like to call the artist's trials, when youi permit yourself to say "I want to die"?You have not failed, have vou ?— I doafnot suppose that; but anyhow, battles arelost in the same spirit as that in which theyare won, says someone—was it not Whitman?You are rather a success. You, forexample, have twenty-five years of activeservice to your credit; have been hailed bytwo continents as a marvellous performer—have heard thunders of applause (it's thunde- ring as 1 write this by the way; —it is Sep- tember 15th and some bad news has appearedin the papers about one of our most lovedartists) ; you have had three or four motorcars in your life, about half a million ofmoney to play with, all the adoration youwanted, ...losses and gains, sorrows and joys....and yet you say you " want to die ".But I have been looking through thewrong window, one of the first-floor-front.Up high er then,— let us peer through a sky- light on the fifth-floor-back.You are quite as great a success onlynot a sensational one. You are a successbecause you are an artist. You are paintingpictures which no one wants, but then thatis nothing new: for they never did wantthem.Never has the public — nor the patronof these last hundred years or so, wantedwhat you can do. Hardly ever is morecorrect. 1 recall two or perhaps three in- stances, but these were within an ace ofbeing tragedies. Somehow the thing wasaverted.But your pictures are not wanted, andyou have no talent for advertising your goods.You are rather shy. But you have lived fifty years now, soyou have passed the gnawing periods andyou don't give a damn; patron or no patron,you have found a way how to get enoughto live on. You sell pot-boilers for a living,from which you amass £ 150 a year: you doyour pot-boilers in three weeks, and afterthat you do as you like.But you are a sound enough being, foryou don't desire motorcars nor expensiveapartments nor swagger food — nor anythingif it comes to that.Midway between your attic and the luxury- loving artists on the first floor there is livingsome one more moderate than either of youtwo extremes; he is on the third floor front.He writes: he manages to do somethingelse for a living —he photographs pictures,prints, manuscripts in the museums.He makes £ 500 a year—isn't married —writes when he chooses ; is altogether a fineartist, writes with genius, and is entirelymaster of his fate.That's the artist 1 like.I love the others, all right — but it's thesensible man on the third floor, the moderateone every way, calm and never to be per- turbed, whom I admire.The notion that a hectic existence isinevitable to a genius, that a sensationalcareer is agreable or necessary, and a tragicdeath like Eleonora Dose's a sine qua non,is absolute bunkumThe hectic sensation and tragedy go notwith the artist but with those who are ambi- tious beyond their powers : who are discon- tent, who have been fools enough to acceptthe applause of the crowd and who haveenjoyed playing to the crowd and on thecrowd; in short, who, though great artists,have estimated themselves and their persona- lities as more than their art.■They set an example not to be follow- ed, for it is possible to fight for twentyyears, thirty years, forty years as did WilliamBlake and not give in; but you had bestnever flaunt along ; never forget that you arepractically nobody, and if possible die singing.And yet...... YOO IVO HOO, COLORIFIC MUSIC AND ITS EARLY PROTAGONISTS J. B. IT was, I think, in 1910, that I heard Scria- bin in Moscow playing certain musics onhis piano. Baltruschitis had taken me to seehim. Scriabin was trying to work cut, or hadalready worked out, some scientific artisticproblem about the relationship of colour andsound.He struck a note and turned on a switch44 Blue ", he struck another and turned offhis blue and turned on 44 Red ; and nowM. E. Fromaigeot is talking and writing ofthe 44 Mystery of coloured hearing.In 1908 I believe Lady Archibald Camp- bell was concerning herself with colours andsounds, and in 1925 44 Music in colouredlight " by A. Lazlo appeared in Leipzig ;and Dr. Anchutz is another of those whoare studying along these lines.But somewhat earlier—in 1776 — appeareda book by a certain W. Hooper M. D. inwhich is a chapter called 44 Colorific Music ".I give it here and you can judge for your- selves whether it is in any way related withthe recent (150 years too late) discoveries.RATIONAL ! RECREATIONS, | In which thePRINCIPLES of | NUMBERS AND j NATURALPHILOSOPHY | Are clearly and copiouslyelucidated | BY A SERIES OF j EASY, EN- TERTAINING, INTERESTING | EXPERIMENTS |Among which are j All those commonly per- formed with the Cards. ( By W. HOOPER,M.D. ! VOL. II. | LONDON | Printed for L.Davis, Holborn; J. Robson, New Bond-Street ; j B. Law, Avemary-Lane ; and G.Robinson, Pater-noster-row. i MDCCLXXIV. DIAGRAM FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE OCULAR HARPSICHORD. RECREATIONS XLII.Colorific Music. FATHER Castel, a Frenchman, in a curiousbook he has published on Chromatics,supposes the note ut to answer to blue inthe prismatic colours, the note re to yellow,and mi to red. The other tones he refersto the intermediate colours, from whence heconstructs the following gamut of colorificmusic. Ut * BlueUt sharp Sea-greenRe Bright -greenRe sharp Oiive greenMi YellowFa AuroraFa sharp OrangeSol RedSol sharp CrimsonLa VioletLa sharp Blue violetSi Sky blueUt Blue€f This gamut, according to his plan, isto be continued in the same manner for thefollowing octave, except that the colours areto be more vivid.He supposes that these colours, by stri- king the eyes in the same succession as thesounds, to which he makes them analogous,do the ear, and in the same order of time,they will produce a correspondent sensationof pleasure in the mind, it is on these ge- neral principles, which F. Castel has inge- niously dilucidated in his treatise, that he hasendeavoured, though with little success, toestablish his ocular harpsichord.The construction of this instrument, ashere explained, will show that the effectsproduced by colours by no means answerthose of sounds, and that the principle rela- tion there is between them, consists in theduration of the time that they respectivelyaffect the senses.Between two circles of pasteboard, of teninches diameter, AB and CD (Plate XIV.Fig. 2.) enclose a hollow pasteboard cylinder,eighteen inches long. Devide this cylinderinto spaces half an inch wide, by a spiralline that runs round it from top to bottom,and devides its surface into six equal partsby parallel lines drawn between its twoextremities, as is expressed in the figure.Let the circle AB, at top, be open, andlet that at bottom, CD, be closed, and sup- ported by an axis or screw, of half an inchdiameter, which must turn freely in a nutplaced at the bottom of a box we shall pres- ently describe. To the axis just mentionedadjust a wooden wheel G, of two inches anda half in diameter, and that has twelve orfifteen teeth, which take the endless screw H.Let the cylinder be enclosed in a box ILMN (Fig. 3.) whose base is square and at whosebottom there is a nut, in which the axis Fturns. Observe that the endless screw H,should come out of the box, that it may re- ceive the handle O, by which the cylinderis to be turned.This box being closed all round, placeover it a tin covering A, which must beperforated in different parts ; from this coverthere must hang three or four lights, so pla- ced so that they may strongly illumine theinside of the cylinder. In one side of thisbox (which should be covered with pasteboard) cut eight apertures a, b, c, d, e,f, g, h, of half an inch wide,and one third of an inch high;they must be directly overeach other, and the distancebetween them must be exa ctlytwo inches, it is by theseopenings, which here corres- pond to the musical notes,that the various colours ana- logous to them, are to appear;and which being placed onthe pasteboard cylinder, aswe have shown, are reflectedby means of light placedwithin it.It is easy to conceive,that when the handle O, isturned; the Cylinder in con- sequence rising half an inch,if it be turned five times round,it will successively show, atthe openings made in the sideof the box, all those that arein the cylinder itself, andwhich are ranged accordingto direction of the inclinedlines drawn on it. It is there- fore according to the durationof the notes which are tobe expressed, that the aper- tures on the cylinder are tobe cut. Observe that thespace between two of the pa- rallel lines drawn vertically onthe cylinder, is equal to onemeasure of time, therefore forevery turn of the cylinder, thereare six measures, and thirtymeasures for the air that is tobe played by the instrument. The several apertures being made in theside of the cylinder, in conformity to thenotes of the tune that is to be expressed, theyare to be covered with double pieces of verythin paper, painted on both sides with thecolours that are to represent the musicalnotes.This Recreation might be executed in adifferent manner, and with a much greaterextent; but as the entertainment would notequal the trouble and expense, we havethought it sufficient to give the above piece,by which the reader will&amp;e enabled to judge how far the analogy supposed by F. Castelreally exists.This article is taken from M. Guyot, whothough he commends the good father's in- genuity and industry, attributes but littlemerit to his scheme not having seen. Nothaving seen F. Castel's book, we cannot pre- tend to judge of the merit of his plan. It isevident, however, from the foregoing Recrea- tion, that there is a much stronger relationbetween sounds and colours than M. Guyotseems to imagine. PLATE XIV. p. 166. Page 159). Fig. I. A ray of light largely reflected intothe spectrum PT, the divisions of whose co- . lours correspond to the divisions of a chordfor the notes of the octave.Fig. 2. &amp; 3. The machine for exhibitingcolorific music. The shaded parts in Fig. 2.represent the* colours. F. is the screw onwhich it turns, G a wheel that is moved bythe endless screw H.Hg. 3. Is the case that contains the cy- linder. The eight shaded parts in the middleare the holes through which the colours onthe cylinder are seen; O the handle thatturns the endless screw. KEEPING IN TOUCH BY HADRIAN JAZZ GAVOTTE " pvON'T you feel you are rather out of1 J touch with things living so far away "?said Sir j. J. to me in the August of 1922,and in the evening he told me about London—London in 1913 before the war. Talk ofLady this, Lady that, Baroness So and Mrs.Such: of these and of Covent Garden Theatre,and of teas, and of quarrels between himand—some others.I listened with care and reverence to thesethings of the great world. I listened foran hour; and 1 found myself saying to my- self, " Yes - you are losing touch with a verygreat world indeed ".Since then I've been thinking, it over more and more carefully in my off moments,and I really believe I am getting out oftouch, ....with some eight thousand things whichmatter to eight hundred thousand people.There is Yorkshire, for example,—itshams, its moors, its moods and strange finepeople.Seven thousand are in touch with itshams, five thousand with its moors, five withits moods, nine with its people.There is Lancashire ;—anc! to cut it shortthere are the forty-four counties of England(not Counting Wales) and I'm almost out oftouch with them all.As you are too. And you are living inLondon close to these places,... close yet outof touch. You are far away from Liguria,the province I live in .... far away and out oftouchBut the daily and weekly papers fromall parts of the world reach me, thirty orforty a week. You get as many I dare say.Well, let us admit that we are both out oitouch with the three thousand journals wedon't get.We two, you and 1, are in touch with" The Mask " ; but think of the thousandsright in the centres of London and Paris whoare out of touch with " The Mask ".Are you perhaps absolutely in rapportwith what is going on in the world of in- vention ?—1 don't mean the social gossip ofour capitals but with engineers and scientistswho invent new wonders to keep the worldin touch with something it might otherwisemiss ? You know an engineer, two scientists,and they have no time to tell you what'sgoing on so 1 fear you're out of touch there.So am 1.Does the King of England, does thePope, know of the remarkable book youhave just written, published, and which isnow " remaindered " ? Never heard of it;—so you see the King and the Pope areboth out of touch. After all 1 don't thinkit much matters whether one is in touchor no. ' THE WHICH ONE EDWIN WITHERSPOON. " . . . . though it maizes the unskilful laugh, cannotbut the judicious grieve ; the censure of the whichone, must, in your allowance, o erweigh a whole theatreof others Hamlet : Act. III. Sc. 2. HAMLET told the actors at Elsinore thatthey should take heed of the censureof the one rather than the plaudits of themany, but if Hamlet had been an actor I verymuch doubt if he would have taken much heedof him. F or the censorious one has such anawkward way of selecting the wrong timeand place for his cruel kindness.If an actor has time to suffer quietly andrecover at home after a dressing-down admi- nistered by the which one, well and good ;but if he has no time allowed him, if thewhich one gives it him in front of 3000spectators, then (if i am to be an actor) theidiotic plaudits of the many for my money. Iconsider the other fellow a blighter.How I come to be so critical of myself —for1 am a censorious which one — I will tell you.I was supposing myself to be a ratherclever clown, (one of those quiet philosophi- cal, not unintellectuai clowns) and I supposedmyself repeating for the tenth or hundredthtime my quiet quirks from the little raisedstage which runs in front of my booth.1 was getting along rather well when Icaught sight of '' the which one ". Thatavis was an unusual looking man. He hadstopped as he walked brushing the outer edgeof the crowd of about thirty spectators, andhe had turned towards my platform, and itseemed to me that he showed signs of ap- proval ; I mean he had stopped short and hewas listening.... it was something.He had a broad well shaped forehead,calm and lively eyes, a well shaped mouthand firm chin; 1 noted all this as I went onwith my patter. ...I went on with it withoutinterfering at all with my speculation as towho this one could be. 1 guessed him awriter, perhaps a writer on science, yet hehad the kindly look of a musician. PerhapsI thought of musicians because 1 was tellingthe spectators that love could be but a sillysort of thing if it could feed on music ....itprobably was this which put me in mind ofmusicians, for the notion only lasted a mo- ment, and when I next looked in his direction the kindliness was gone : he now wore the severelook of a doctor, as of one about to operate.Then he cut. 1 did not cry out, but Ifelt I had winced. His expression had saidNo good ". He then turned and disap- peared and I never saw him again.He was the only one that had turnedaway; at the moment he turned I said some- thing about beer so as to try and hold him, andthe crowd had roared with spluttering joy.Their gurgling was agony to me,—it seemsto be my own cry, mirthless and terrible : itmade me feel sick and faint. I finishedthe show somehow, and counted up my mo- ney, in my tent—1 heard the everlasting soundof feet which crunched, slipped, plodded ortoddled by outside and the cries of rivalshowmen announcing new lions ; and still I saton and on. I was thinking only of this one facewhich had been so cruel.... " the which one ".I came at last, but only after an hour anda quarter of pain, to tell myself that anyhowhe was quite unaware that I had noticed hiscoming, his pausing, and his going, and thathis censure had been quite unintentional—not intended to stab me— ; but to arrive ateven this vague and flimsy bit of hope I hadto pass through a most wretched time—oneof the most miserable hours in my life,I think he will never know that I hadread the expression of his face, which saidthe verdict is—no go ".After this experience how am I to be expectedto gush over Shakespeare's and Hamlet's ad- vice to the players ? 1 think it fatal advice :for ever since the day whenstopped before my show, I have lost courageand in a week from now I am to retire: Iam a failure as an actor.It's easy enough for you who read thoseseven .words to keep up your spirits, for youare ignorant of what they. mean. I assureyou it is misery to me to write them. ForI was a man of talent, I was slowly deve- loping that talent; all was, I can say, goingstrong ; until he came, the which one whosecensure I am to allow to over-weigh thegood opinion of the thousand jackasses whohave in the last eleven years always foundmy work good.I don't blame them, though now I knowthey were perfect fools to deceive me, tolaugh at nothing, to clap their hands, and,what is worse, to waste their money on me. The censure of " the which one " is allright, laddy, but don't you take any notice of it.1 was supposing myself a clown whenthis occurred to me, and I merely a critic. THE ENGLISH STAGE C. G. SMITH. THE English Stage is still where it wassome twenty-five years ago; still hesita- ting as to whether it should or it shouldn't.Examples of its fear : —Mrs. Patrick Campbell ; should she orshould she not be permitted to inspire atheatre or two towards something worth while— or isn't it safer to let her wander into theprovinces ?Mr. Fred Terry: — isn't he best out ofthe way at Liverpool or York ?Is not Sir J. Martin Harvey far saferworking up at Huddersfield and Wigan ? —Mr. Barker — ah! Barker! ! yes, cleverfellow: is "well off now: let bin stay inGloucestershire or wherever he is. Craig ?— in Italy : ail the better. Poei ? — what,the old Elizabethan chap ? No good anyhow.Basil Dean? ...let him go and waste histime and make money with the Movies:don't need him. Miss Gertrude Kingston ?....and so on and on through the whole listof people with brains and talent.Who says all this ? ...who is head ofour English Theatre ? Is there any head ? itdoesn't look like it. What group, then, rulesthe roost ? Why is it so inane as to supposethat the English stage can afford to say" Let the talents go hang — Call in theAmericans : let the theatres to anyone, every- one, never mind who : — let us get onFor von cannot get on without the talents.All you do is to roll back — downhill.The British Stage is certainly rollingdown, and the full honour of this is presumablydue to some one or some group.They tell us that it is due to Sir GeraldDu Marnier; to Miss Baylis; Miss Thorndike;Mr. Oscar Asche; to Messrs Moss, Boss,Stoll, Butt and Co; to Mr. Gulliver; MissMary Moore and her group ; to Mr. Play fairand his group; or to The British DramaLeague : these, one is told, have ail entrenched themselves in London and are letting thishappen.They put it down to these because theypoint out that most of these are " intelligent "people who are somewhere at the head of theprofession, and that it must be due to theirshort-sighted and narrow-minded policy thatthe slow destruction of the English Theatreis carried out with such grim precision.They are there — that's sure enough.A large and presumably able group ofmen and women, somewhat disunited, produ- cing, acting, making money, or "a little lessmoney " or a little more; without a compassto guide them; with many a disjointed notionof many an ideal to be followed and power- less to follow one. This is the advanceguard of the Theatre Profession in London.It seems to be at sixes and sevens.Some leader is needed if the BritishStage is to avail itself of its immense re- sources. At present these resources are beingsquandered. The British Stage is like oldPekin, pillaged each year by everyone andanyone. There is no one, it seems, but willsell the place —on the plea of " expediency ".Our resources in money, men and energyare immense. These are all being wasted.Energy is put into all kinds of attempts toforward some rather good notion or other. Ailcomes to nothing in twelve months or sooner.©Basil Dean at Drury Lane, for example.It was an error to place him there: but itwas sheer weakness not to stand by it andkeep him there and test the experiment tho- roughly once the step had been taken. Tobe rid of him in the way it was done was adirty trick.The Stratford-upon-Avon affair is beingquite thoroughly mishandled — because thepowers that be (or pretend to be) are unableto tell Stratford what it has to do or to seeit done.Everyman Theatre! ...a fantastic error tostart it, but once started it should have beencarried through.Competent men (if not men of talent)are pushed into places they cannot fill;and, when there, the support they relied onis pulled away from under their feet.When is this inane and mischievous po- licy going to give place to a decent one —the policy, of supporting all the brains and.1 . 1 . the talents ? CORRESPONDENCE. E. LYLIE. SIR:If you want to know what the educational world oftoday regards as being as simple as A, B. C. just lookat the enclosed cutting from the catalogue of the leadingfirm of publishers with a fine handsome new building inHolborn. You might think that " C for Cat " is simple,but the modern child is supposed to want something moreoriginal and so Is given apparently, &lt;( C for Lemon "which the teacher may explain is sometimes called " Ci- tron ".Q seems at first glance to stand for " Cubes " but asthat cannot be we may conclude that it is meant to be" Q for Quadrangles '' though why the quadrangles shouldall be square even a three-year-o!d may be .excused fromwondering. I showed one child the " U for Urn ;he used his eyes and said very wisely U for Egg-cupAfter this I fear that my A. B. C. is not nearly com- plicated enough to please them. They don't think thatthey are learning anything unless they are taken throughtortuous ways. Faithfully ED. WE reproduce twelve of the twenty five letters, Oisfor order but what is this order ? ft is cal- led the Kindern Alphabet set ; why not the Chil- dren's Alphabet ? Kindern is the German word for Chil- dren wis it not ? Is Holborn being quite fair to •tself ? FOREIGN NOTES. THE GATE THEATRE, LONDON C. L. THE Gate Theatre, after various delays, is now gettingto work in its new home in No. 16a Villiers Street.The new building has been taken on a long lease, andwill seat about 250 people.The stage has been enlarged, its equipment improvedand an entirely new lighting system has been installed.In the new " Gate as in the old, there is a CoffeeBar and Foyer always open to Members of the Stu- dio after 4.30 p. m., and where playgoers meet andtalk theatre before and after the performance. Theatricalmagazines—The Mask being always prominent—weeklyreviews and new books about the theatre and its allied arts areon hand for the use of Members. Writing materials will beavailable, and refreshments, are sold at very moderate prices.The production of plays is entirely under the direc- tion of Peter Godfrey, whose work during the past twoyears has brought London at last into practical contactwith the new art of the theatre as practised on the Con- tinent and in America since the war, and whose avowedpurpose is that of " developing artists in the theatre bygiving them the chance of experimenting freely before anaudience interested in the advancement of ihe theatre ".The following is an extract from an " Open Letter tomembers of the Studio " issued by the managers, Mr. PeterGodfrey and Miss Velona Pilcher.MEMBERS have no doubt observed from the Papers thatthe Gate has been going through a series of calamities— calamities so continuous as to be almost comic. Our trou- bles began on the day when the District Surveyor called atthe new playhouse in Villiers Street and condemned it unlessa cement floor was put in. So the stage and seats, all ready forthe opening night, had to be pulled down ; the work wasted ;the wood scrapped ; and a cement floor—on which all struc- tures shall be of fireproof material —is now hardenin g. Theworst therefore is over.The letter further points out, that owing to all theseexigencies, for a time at least,—41 The circumstances of The Gate will be very straitenedindeed, and conditions of existence strained. Members willunderstand that the expansive and expensive changes deman- ded by the Authorities were not included in the modest budgetwith which the new playhouse was planned. Fortunately,ous credit is good. We need not ask for money. But maywe not ask Members of the Studio to take an honest interestin a difficult endeavour? Will our audience play it's part inour performance? Promptly take the Prompter's signal andsave the show ? The cue is simply this-That old Members beeager in getting new Members and all Members be early inbuying their seats "ADMISSION to the Gate Theatre Studio is open onlyto Subscribers (that is Members of the Studio andtheir Guests), but the terms are so moderate that you reallyget something for nothing at the Gate.You remember the old saying: —" Your mother and your sisters are waiting at the gateEnter not them Portials—pause, before it is TOO LA TE ".*but, if you want to enter them, make haste and writeto The Secretary, 16a Villiers St. Strand, —and all chequesshould be made payable to The Gate Theatre.Don't for God's sake forget that. Write the chequenow. Write it for £ 100 and you'll feel awfully freshand jolly. Whet's £ 100 to you?You needn't go and see the plays, you know. Whoon earth ever wants to see or hear a play ? You sayyou do — I don't believe you. It's English we are talk- ing, you know BOOK REVIEWS. THE UNPUBLISHED LETTERSOF CHARLES DICKENS TOMARK LEMON. Halion &amp; Trus- cott Smith Ltdy Price 42/-.CHARLES DICKENS ANDOTHER VICTORIANS by Q.Cambridge University Press. Price10/6 net„WHEN CRUMMLES PL A YED,with an Introduction by F. /. HarveyDarton. Chapman &amp; Hall Ltd, Price3/6 net. WHAT a delight it must have beento have lived in Cambridge asa young student a year or so ago (whenit was rather less rainy too) and tohave been privileged to listen to thehappy lectures of this boyish, spiritedprofessor, Sir Arthur Quiller Couch.These lectures, now published in abook, form one of the most pleasantbooks you will ever want to read. Itwill please you to see how simply andhow humanly the professor addressesthe students assembled courageously tolisten to a dry talk on English Lite- rature. You can imagine how surprisedand happy these fellows became onperceiving that the talk was to bebrilliant and young, easy to follow,and sufficiently profound after albSome will hardly suppose that totalk of Mr. Micawber and of Fagincan fail to bore : others will wonderwhat brightness can come out of theconsideration of Charles Dickens, therather vulgar, very sentimental writerwho found it intolerable to go onliving with his wife :—and who becamedespite of that once so horribly popular.But now everything is against afervid revival of the old interest inDickens.It doesn't matter in the very least,because even the sea has lost greatlyin popularity these last twenty yearsor so. It is only the pyjamas by thesea which count,— these the clou tothe whole reason of nature and life,Let us add some machinery har- nessing the waves and I think I shallbe just.Dickens and the sea, and Tennyson,and Byron and Benvenuto Cellini areall a little out of date, 44 Benvenutowas, it is to be feared, rather medio- cre as an artist " wrote a critic onlylast month. Shakespeare is not quiteas excellent as he ought to be, thinkthose who sit round the fire on winterevenings cutting out all that is reallynot quite good: Leonardo da Vinciis terribly over-rated one is told ; Ihad to stop reading Robinson Crusoe(and I am rather a gcod reader) to afriend who wasn't listening. It is truethat Crusoe is best read to oneself,so possibly mine was the error here.I had to stop reading a play byG. B. S. ...and to myself tco; truly theworld must be coming to an end.Yes —an end of a chapter, andthere are probably three thousandmore chapters, everyone of which willbut be the old story rewritten.Dicken's devotion to the stage wasa life-long devotion. Once he hadwished to be an actor and wrote toBartley the stage-manager of CoventGarden Theatre and very nearly becamea professional actor.Later in life he became a veryserious Amateur stage-manager : andthe sumptuous volume edited by Mr.Walter Dexter containing the letters fromDickens to Lemon tells us all aboutthis.ft is indeed a very sumptuous book,printed in a large type with originaltouches all over the composition, onexcellent thick paper, (thick paper isseldom good but this is) and boundgorgeously in crimson cloth and realvellum backs and corners.To me as a student of Theatricalhistory it is something to be gratefulfor, the production of this series ofletters with some of the letters insertedin facsimile, so precisely in facsimilethat I took one to be a loose letter inserted by the bookseller or pub- lisher, and began to read it as such.It is also illustrated by reproduc- tions of the Programmes of the DickensPrivate Theatricals.You can judge of the crowd hecollected as co-workers when youglance at these programmes and findthere the names of John Tenniel,Charles Knight, Douglas jerroid, JohnForster, R. H. Home, Wilfcie Collins,John Leech, Mrs. Cowden Clarke andGeorge Cruickshaok.And for scene-painting he had thework of Thomas Greve* Mr. Telbin,Clarkson Stanfield R. A., Mr. Ro- berts R. A,, Pitt, Absolon and LouisHaghe, all doing a scene apiece forone night's performance. What a jollyfellow Dickens must have been.The book is rather a rare one forony 525 copies have been printed,so if y. u, gentle reader, are in Ame- rica I advise you to hurry up andwrite for one at once to Halton &amp;Truscott Smifh Ltd. whose address is57 Haymarket, London. It costs fortytwo shillings and is worth twice that sum.Some of our more famous publi- shers will have to wake up, for someot the lesser known publishers aredoing better work than they: and ifbefore long we forget Messrs Dashand Sons and have only room in ourlibraries to house the noble books ofthe Nonesuch Press and these richvolumes of Messrs Halton 6c TiuscottSmith and Mr. Peter Davies and theother new-comers, it will be no one'sfault but that of Messrs Dash and Sons.44 When Crummies Played " is alittle inoffensive volume but is unwor- thy of the great house of Chapmanand Hall. It might easily have beenprinted on better paper and withbetter illustrations and for 2/6. ie, oneshilling less.Yes, the old Firms must wake up. ANNALS OF THE NEW YORKSTAGE by George C. D. Odell.2 Volumes. Columbia UniversityPress, New York• Milford, OxfordUniversity Press, London. Price 45 -net each volume. IIWIMIIHHM—B—IMIIM ■nil !!!■■ I—IIII Hill——E» «|l H—mnail II Ml II HI II ■llfliiriWIllllLl.l.WII.IBa kWlWIWIHHIAT last a really good report hasbeen made of the half of theannals of the New York stage; — Isay half, for the Lyric stage wouldseem to have been ignored by Mr.Odell or by America, as the first al- lowed his pen 44 to glide happilyalong " or the second went to sle^p.One can see at once that Mr. Odellhas been very happy, for it is an easilywritten book. It was, he tells us, intentional whenhe 44 discarded the mechanism of foot- notes, bibliographies and other scho- larly impedimenta " : he has tried hardto make the two large volumes enjoya- ble reading. That he fails to succeedis not because he does not do every- thing he possibly can do to lighten theordeal. And it really is a good bigcrdeal to face these volumes smiling.Mr. Odell smiles to help us: hechortles now and again : he even digsus, on rare occasions, in the ribs. Heis cheerful to jauntiness —as indeedwho would not be who sat down torecord the almost daily doings of allthe performers, entertainers, and cu- riosities which came upon the NewYork Stage in those days.The record is an amazing one.Mr Odell has more than adequatelyrepaid the debt of pleasure which hetells us he incurred in many happy daysof playgoing. Nothing could be morehonourably done.Personally I enjoy a History whichis full of the discarded 44 footnotes,bibliographies and other scholarly im- pedimenta I prefer a more sober,if duller, report—unless it be writtenby Charles Lamb, and then sobriety isout of the question.But there was a great danger indealing with these Annals in any butMr. Odeli's lively way, for the facts,anecdotes, achievement and failures athis disposal are such poor spiritedthings, he had no choice but to burnthem up with a chuckle or two. Oneis all through chilled by the realiza- tion that some of the very worst ta- lent Europe could produce went overto America—and when it was firstclass, as in the case of Edmund Kean,something went wrong with the recep- tion of it. The Americans were rude.The plays and actors which Ame- rica itself produced, were but verypoor imitations of what it took to bethe best European goods. The recordso far—presumably other volumes areto appear—consists of 1086 pages ofamazingly well collected and well or- dered facts not worth recording.It is as though some one shoulddeal exhaustively with the Annals ofthe Coatbridge Theatres. PossiblyMrs. Siddons once visited Coatbridgebut what else worth while is to berecorded? Never mind, says the his- torian, record it allIt is right that the record shouldhave been made in the case of NewYork City. The book will of coursebe of invaluable service. Mr. Odelleven records the concerts and some- times is at his happiest when doing so. Of a conceit in 1794 he writes:44 I suppose youthful ears could notconsume quite a dollar s worth ofmusic. Furthermore Iam Willing tobelieve that Phillips knew whether ornot his name was written with one Ior two; the newsprints of the timestaggered in uncertainly as to thedoubling of the liquid. I also blindlygrope. In the same way all my mindis clouded with a doubt as betweenDu Champ and du Camp, in para- graphs immediately forthcoming. O re a"der, that Eighteenth Century spellingand o the dubiety it entails in awthors and editors I Alack / Alack /, The two volumes bring the readerup to the year 1821, and, by thehelp of a very thorough index to eachvolume, we can find everything welook for in an instant.Many interesting illustrations enrichthe work, some of which have beendrawn from the collection at HarvardUniversity, though why the Frontis- piece of 44 The Fool's Opera " is in- cluded when no mention of Opera orthis opera is in the index, and onlythe slightest allusion made to the saidbook, leaves me puzzled.And I am unsatisfied when, on turn- ing to discover who was Charles Ci- ceri, I am not enlightened as to whatrelation he was to the L. L. Charles(1782 1868) (0 the last of thegreat scenepainters of Italy. He canhardly be the Ciceri for this man inAmerica was painting scenes for 44 Tam- many " in 1764 and the great Ci- ceri was then but eleven to twelveyears old.We are told what he did, but nota word as to who he was, whenborn, where he went to when he dis- appears suddenly from Mr. Odeli'sbook on page 225 of the secondvolume.I have said that Mr. Odell ignoresOpera or the Lyric Stage; or can itbe possible that Opera was only firstrecognized when in 1815 Italian Operafirst came to America ?Then it wasn't Mr. Odell whoignored Opera; it was America; — anastounding fact if a fact.We shall probably get Opera treatedin the next volume, for by then 1825will have been reached.America is a large place; — one isforced to be always telling oneself thislest one should become at all criticalof the smallness of the American mindwhen dealing with the arts.I admire immensely their artists:why can't America admire them and support them ? why imitate England'3worst fault, —it's ancient indifference tothe well-being of too many of herartists.Why, one asks, and one sees theanswer to that riddle in this book:—they are too stupid as a nation toknow the value of art to the life ofthe nation.I never felt this so clearly as whenreading this admirable work by Mr.Odeil. (i) Bapst's dates. V ARTE DELL9 ARCHITETTOFILIPPO JUVARA IN PIEMON- TE by Aagusto Telluccini. CruJo &amp;C. Torino. No price given. ■UIJ \T I IHI ■ HI ■IIWIBJIMHIIIIINTHIS celebrated architect was oneof the best pen-draughtsmen ofthe 18th century : and when he wrotehis name with his pen he wrote it44 Juvarra Why then does SighorTelluccini drop an R and awaken therebya lack of confidence in me ?But I am not going to troubleabout that since all I have to do isto express wonder and gratitude forany book which may appear aboutJuvarra. There have been next tonone, and this one as a beginning isall to the good.Juvarra was born at a time whenscenography was getting rather toostrong a hold on the architects—indeedon everyone. And so, while Juvarrawas primarily an architect—and I thinka poor one —- he was far more of ascenographer and obviously a magnifi- cent one.He was born about 1676 says Si- gnor Telluccini; at Messina, say twowho knovv*. at Parma, say two otherswho know t in 1673, in 1676, in1684 and in 1685, so say nine whoknow—all disagreeing.But can they all know ? Evidentlysome of them don't. Have any ofthem by luck hit on the right dateand spot ?Signor Telluccini should . be readattentively, for, since 1907 when hepublished his first 44 Contributo aliabiografia di Filippo Juvara 44 in Mes- sina he has been at work learning. more.To give more than twenty years offand on to a work is the way to do it.Nowadays if we give six months tosuch a work we feel we are not quitepractical.Juvarra died in 1736 " aged 63says one authority ; 44 aged about 58 *says another; "aged 51 " says athird.I like the one who says 44 aged about58 " for ever if incorrect it's courteous; and it's his pupil Zacchell! who saidit, and I think he is likely to haveknown; still it really doesn't muchmatter; except to me. I am a stick- ler for dates. So long as I knowwhen an artist was born, which day,which hour, if possible where andwhen and exactly when he died andwhere then I really trouble no moreabout him except to know what hedid at twenty, on which day andwhere, and what at twenty-five, andso on tin we come to the end.This is what Signer Telluccini triesto do with Juvarra, and succeeds sowell in doing, until he comes to thetheatrical work of this essentially thea- trical person. Then he seems to meto fail.But because of this 1 will not com- plain ; he gives us so many splendidplates showing his work, which is allas stagy as it can be; and I for oneam quite enchanted, and await expec- tantly the book on Juvarra Scerio- grapher. EUROPEAN DRAMATISTS byArchibald Henderson, Ph. D. D. Ap~pleton &amp; Co. {revised edition). Price151- net. THE Review of Reviews has saidof this book that it is 44 brilliantanalysis and masterly criticism " whilethe Pall Mall Gazette tells us that44 Mr. Henderson is one of the mostvivacious of the younger writers oftoday, and here he is at his liveliest ".Others even go further in their praise,So I think we had better leave it atthat, and take it to be a just andfair tribute to ability. THE ART OF PANTOMIMEby Charles Aubert. Henry Holt &amp;Co. (Price not given). \YTUO was Charles Aubert ? HisV ¥ translator Mrs Sears does nottell us. Who was or is Charles Au- bert ? we repeat, hoping for some sort ofreply from Miss Sibyl Baker, Director,Community Centre Department PublicSchool of the District of Columbia :for she has written an Introduction tothe book. No reply.Not content to read the book with- out some slight knowledge of theauthor, what he is, what he did be- sides write, and when he lived anddied, I turn to ten. twelve, fifteenbooks in search of his name Notone word can I find in any of thesebooks, At last in an old bundle ofcatalogues of trench books 1 find this :*—t4 Aubert (Charles) PantomimesModernes illustrations de KauffmannParis Flammarion, s, d, in 12 br.couv, ill. 5.00 frs. 44 which is notmuch. I do not mean that 5 francsis little; I mean the information ismeagre.But while it is not the habit forLibrarians who sell books to informus of authors' lives, it is courteous ofa translator to do something. Mrs Searsignores Aubert ; Miss Baker almostdoes so.Miss Baker says we shall find thebook valuable.I regret that I cannot agree with her.It is the wrong way to instructwould-be actors to give them 196diagrams of heads, hands, skeletonsand so forth in the belief that onecan catch the nearest way,A very clever actor might find sucha book useful ; for clever artists oftenlike best those stupid books whichteach nothing ; it is from that nothingthey can so often extract more thananyone else ever dreamed was therein.To the beginner this book might befatal, and so our advice to .all teachersof pantomime and gesture is, if theybuy it, to beware of it. THE LION AND THE FOX byP. V/yndham Lewis. Grant RichardsLtd. Price 16/-net. I hope that Mr. P. Wyndham Lewisthe author of 44 Tarr " is not goingto write a series of books like thisthat 1 am to attempt to review ; forthough I could devote some years ofmy life to studying P. W. Lewis theScholar, I should prefer not to, Ifthe 44 Works" are to be written ofcourse we shall have to study ourLewis seriously, and I dread io thinkhow my young life will be wasted.I think of the dozens of gay youngwriters of the eighteen thirties and for- ties who gave their lives to the worksof Carlyle,—-who had to give themto this foxey Lion ; — who hated todo it but who got over the first ago- nies, and then rather Irked it and finallycould use no other. Thus we lostdozens of creative artists because onebig burly Scotsman yelled out 44 Youthere—stop and look at meI shall be like that if Mr. Lewisgoes on : I shall not like it, but, un- less 1 am to be out of it, 1 shallacquire the habit; and when in 1957or 1960 I find people calling on me toexplain certain obscure passages in oneof the early volumes of the works ofLewis, I shall know what it has all meanthow little and how much—I shall taste my reward—I shall playthe little lion when they are present,and laugh like a fox when they go.But if Mr. Lewis will let me offaltogether by exercising his creative facul- ties; if he will write ether novels, othershort stories, and, when not urged to write,turn from his pen to his brush andwill paint some good pictures just tjshow us how to do it, I shall bemore grateful than I can express.In Mr. P. Wyndham Lewis we arepresented with a temperament forcing it- self to think, ....nay, more, to thinkand think until there creeps over hisface and figure that same strange, rathergrand, but certainly queer, expressionwhich we see on the face of a mon- key who is rolling a nut round andround, passing it from cheek to cheek.There are other thinking men whowrite their thoughts down at length,—Mr. J. S. Eliot for example : Mr.Leo Stein: and I'm not sure thatthis same thinking don't become themfar better than it does Mr. P.Wyndham Lewis.—for they can donothing else.44 * Ta r ' is a thunderbolt 44 wrote the44 Weekly Despatch " when that novelappeared ; and the 44 Manchester Guar- dian " added that 44 it is a blow struckfor seriousness in art and lifeI don't know anything about that ;I only saw that it was a piece ofgood, work full of temperament. Itstirred the reader.I wish I could say the same of" The Lion and the Fox " ; but 1will say it bores me—1 must alsoadmit thatB being out of the secret(a secret 1 shall glide into after theappearance of Mr. Lewis's tenth workof this kind appears) I am unable asyet to do it justice, or, what is in mo- dern criticism (vide the modern jour- nalism) far more to the point, unableas yet to do myself justice.So, being in this pickle, the onlything left me is to do Mr. Lewisinjustice.The book is about Shakespeare —a Shakespeare who sat thinking andthinking and thinking ....you knowthe kind of man: elbow of rightarm on books ; one foot crossed overthe other and peaked on its toe:finger of right hand making gimlethole in right temple : smug but ne- vertheless thinking, and thinking it out.It is about this man that Mr. Lewistakes us to task ;—44 Til tell all aboutShakespeare " he says. He doesn'twrite the stupid statement as 1 havejust written it, but he tells us that44 Shakespeare was " and 44 Shakes- peare had " and 44 Shakespeare is "and, what is more " Shakespeare wouldhave ", 44 could not " and 44 didYou'll find it all on pages II. 15.43. 145. 160. 170. 171. 179. 183.184. 209. 213. 245. 255. 259.261. 262. 290. 291 and at leastfifty more pages which I did not stopto note.Now when any clever man canbe brought to such a pass as toattempt to say what Shakespeare is,was, had and did, let alone wouldhave and cGuld have done, it must, asI hope I have modestly shown, flum- mox me, until it be certain sure thatI am to be of Mr. L ewis's intimateliterary group twenty-five years fromnow and to wobble my head wiselyand confound the ignorant and, Ihope, amaze, indeed, the very facultyof eyes and ears of the middle of thetwentieth century.The author of 44 Tarr was so di- rect and simple :—whereas in thisLion and Fox book he goes round andround and is very elaborate. It's a fineshow : or rather it's fine without ha- ving a scrap of show about it. It'slike a performance in a theatre wherewe see a man of undoubted earnest- ness and ability struggling to play arole which he was never born toplay and in which he will never pleaseus however long he continue toplay it. We know hirn : we know heis all that is admirable—and we sitperspiring with anxiety. Yet he comesthrough with it-—disastrously well. Wemumble into our programmes 44 won- derful performance—wondeiful andwe snatch ourselves out of our seatsand bolt for the fresh air of St. Mar- tin's Lane.As 1 read Mr, Lewis's explanationof Othello and lago I can but rea- lize one truth: which is that weneed no explanation: that we needvery much to see again such a per- formance as Irving gave of lago andSalvini gave of Othello, and then andthen alone we have it and never tillthen —if in reading the tragedy wehave not already seen these twofigures.I find Mr. Lewis's prose a littlehard to read: such a passage as44 From the treacherous polished sur- face of Arnold's prose (its body clou- ded for its reception) I will nowexpiscate that laughing idea which wehave been preparing to examine " ;such a passage as this troubles meand I am in no mood for laughingideas of any kind, however deftlyMr. Lewis may expiscate them.But 1 am -entranced when some- times the fog lifts and I am told that44 people are inclined to forget, per- haps, that the art of the drama andall its purgational Greek rules of jea- lous gods (and envious audiences), ofrevenge for grandure, and of well- turned and melodious death, is agame " ; only I could wish that thishad been told me in the plain wordsthat men use on ordinary occasions.Briefly, I wish Mr. Lewis had putall he had to say into sixty or se- venty pages instead of running on intothree hundred and twenty six ofthem.His ability to do this is what so manywill admire and I must deplore. Whata word, 44 deplore "!— what a supe- rior horror in the mere sound, andhow can one use it when there ailthe time stands the author of so manycreative things before one—if afar offin the distance.For when one is in Loudon andnearer fo Lewis one sees how 44 theimportance of Wyndham Lewis incontemporary England cannot be over- estimated Of course one realizesthat here is 44 a writer of extraordinaryforce ?.nd distinction ■" and one isprepared to suppose that he sheds44 a new and illuminating lightwhen ever he writes or speaks on anysubject.It is Mr. Osbert Sitweli who saysso, and one can surely agree withhim even if one is puzzled trying toconceive of a light which is not illu- minating. THE PL A YGOER 'S HANDBOOK TO THE ENGLISH RE- NAISSANCE DRAMA by AgnesMure Mackenzie. M. A,, D. Lift,Jonathan Cape. Price 5/- net. NO one could quarrel with theprice, and it's as nice a lookingbook as anyone could wish for ; exter- nally it is like the golden casket inthe 44 Merchant of Venice 44 I'llread the writing " one says : one does,and, at the end, one is apt to feel,as one goes off, that the labourhas been lost.To begin with one tries to read itlike a play-goer, like a professionalman of the theatre, and like an ama- teur; never is one ceitain which isbeing addressed.It's a 44 Play goer's Handbook itsays so ; but it also is announced as4 4 for the man of the theatre whetherprofessional or amateur ".I am quite at sea: and it's abit chilly at sea when one has lostone's way. Though the writer protests that sheis one of the humble people, there isvery little in her. book which makesgood her boast.You can see that she means well;but something—I do not know whatit is—sticks in her throat just as sheis about to say 44 ArnenI think the trouble chiefly lies inher attempt to explain more than shequite understands, and to address threedifferent groups simultaneously.Of the Elizabethan audiences shewrites 44 They relished John Lyly'ssentences as we delight in Mademoi- selle LenglenShe has several Appendixes : nicethings as a rule, but hers are not.Her Appendix II is the prospectusof the British Drama League.Her Appendix 111 is that of thePhoenix Society.1 turned to Appendix IV fullyexpecting to find an advertisement ofthe Old Vic,I begin to wonder if it is not fulltime to cease the writing of thesealmost useless books about the Drama. THE BOOK OF PLAY PRO- DUCTION FOR LITTLE THEA- TRES, SCHOOLS AND COL- LEGES by Milton Smith. Appleton&amp; Co. Price 10;6 net. r"PHlS is the book I should recom-A mend as one of the very best ofits kind becaure the author uses hiscommon sense, speaks clearly aboutpractical things, and is positivelyhelpful.Theories do not fog him ; he pickshis way through them and comes outwith something to the good.But then Mr. Smith has workedhard—has produced plays and taughthundreds of teachers and directors whohave gone to Columbia University toavail themselves of his co?jrse.in teaching he has not lost theenjoyment of experimenting, so hisbook is fresh and lively.It is a small encyclopaedia of infor- mation as to how actually to producea play with a theatre and without atheatre and is illustrated by little dia- grams.The book will give no aspiringproduces*" or performer a free pas* toanything but hard work; but oncehard at work it will help.The author is so sincere and so benton being practical.I like his seriousness, which some- times even approaches anxiety lest hehas forgotten to tell you what must be done or lest you have not under- stood what you must do.So, for me, Mr. Milton Smith andhis book are two good signs that thefuture of the New Movement is insome places in the very best ofhands WHAT ISN'T WRONG WITHTHE DRAMA, by H. F. Rubin- stein. Ernest Benn Ltd. (No pricegiven) oTHE HOUSE, A Play in ThreeActs by H. F. Rubinstein. (Contem- porary British Dramatists. Vol. XLIV.Ernest Benn Ltd. (No price given). AS a piece of good book-work thisseries of 44 Contemporary BritishDramatists ", for printing, paper, bind- ing, and arrangement of the page,seems to me excellent.There is to me the perfect series ofEnglish Comedies of the 18th centuryissued by the Oxford University Pressat 1 /- a volume; but these are theold plays, not new ones; and theway they are set up and printed isperfect because that is all one wantsin a 44 book of the words : one shil- ling But with modern plays, withthe authors to pay, first for rights topublish, then for tiie acting rights, thenfor cinema rights and the rights forbroadcasting ' tis different: and I sup- pose that authors of plays are to becongratulated not only on having atlast won the fight for all their rightsbut for being privileged in this matterof the pretty printing of Ernest BennLtd. even if their plays are neveracted.By the way, I wish that these anda few other publishers would printsomewhere on their series what pricetheir little volumes cost. 1 am alwayshaving to hunt for this and 1 neverfind it. I take it to be about 2/- or2/6, the price Messrs Heinemann andCo issue their series of Plays by Pi- nero, Maugham, Davies, Chambers; or3/6, the price of the British DramaLeague Series.44 What isrit wrong with the Drama*'is a most interesting address deliveredbefore the Interlude Theatre Guild lastJanuary. It is full of neat things andof good suggestions. I take it that itis easier to say what isn't wrong withthe Drama than what isn't wrong withthe Theatre.So little is radically wrong with theDrama while our booksellers can showfive hundred scripts of all kinds ofacted Drama since the earliest days ;whereas so much is wrong with theStage, if not supported and if not sickened by its own fever for com- mercialism. It is probably for thisreason that the New Movement in theTheatre has for the last twenty yeaislaid such stress upon the need for thestage people to wake up and put theirTheatre in order. It knows that theDrama was and generally is all right.As with architecture and music, examplesexist of perfect Drama, and so thereis no cause to fear we shall lose sightof what the modern men have to aimat and achieve to reach th§ standard.But it is good to find in this bookletby Mr. Rubinstein a strong plea formore Tragedy. It is O'Neiil's pi ea :it is Ervine's plea ; every genuine dra- matist who isn't a satirist must feel asthese men do. What Mr. Rubinsteinsays is what the Theatre itself andthe public ought to be saying, and Ihope will be saying soon now that someone has stated it clearly.I will not spoil his address byattempting to compress it here; youmust without fail read it for yourself.But one point in his argument is thatthe plain man who goes to the theatreoften goes solely because he supposesthat a 44 good laugh " will buck himup " ; whereas he had far better seekfor his happiness in the effect uponhim of a tragedy. So says Mr. Ru- binstein, and he speaks for certaintemperaments. Many people will callhim unpractical—but these are solelythinking of percentages.It is rather a large flock numberingabout 200,000 persons,—the curiousones, the fairly well off, the bored yetup-and-doing-nothing flock,These 200,000 people are alwaysthere—on the spot; they miss nothingwhich soim wiseacre decides is worthwhile—and he always decides wrongly.He is ever guided by the stupidestmotive.'It was this large flock which nearlysuffocated the airman Lindbergh whenhe arrived in Paris and afterwardsin London. Not that it cares twopence about him or his powers, butout of curiosity it collects to gapeand shriek.It was these superficial 200,000people who packed the streets roundWestminster when some years ago theWoman's Movement was at its height :they did not care one scrap whetherthe women won or lost, but theywanted to see, to gasp, to feel a thrill.Had anyone asked a constable on theday the women tried to rush theCommons who it was formed thathuge crowd he would have replied44 Mostly made up of the curious".This crowd, Mr. Rubinstein believes should be made to understand theirmedicine as well as take it. I be- lieve in the older method of hidingthe pill in the jam. A little jamhelps a little—all jam ? No, no Nan- nette !1 am not of Mr. Rubinstein's opi- nion that ** Mr. Barker's 4 The SecretLife *, a tragedy de luxe, couid hardlyhave been written in contemplation ofa production this side of the 21stcentury " ; but then I am not of Mr.Rubinstein's second opinion that thesame play is 44 suitable for a Sundaymorning Theatre " : indeed I find it alittle difficult to reconcile the two state- ments.But I will not find any more faultwith what strikes me as an excellentaddress. And I refuse to say harshthings about Mr. Rubinstein's play44 The House for it has so muchthat is clever about it, and Tcheho- vian. It is not written like the old- fashioned dramas were written and isnot as direct as is the modern Strind- berg, a dramatist the author very pro- perly admires. During Act one ofthis play one is absolutely in the darkas to the author's intention or whatthe characters are driving at. That isbecause to understand any good playone must have it acted for one.If the interest in what is going tohappen quickens slightly as Act twobegins, our hopes are quite soon extin- ghished; nothing much happens, andI am not quite sure at the end whatit was all about.The acted drama is the book ofthose who cannot read ; and a writ- ten drama is the performance forthose who can't bear the theatre.I want to see Mr. Rubinstein acted,but I was told last week by one whoknows, that every theatre in Londonis going to be sold to a Swiss-American group for patent medicineadvertisers. ...Is it true, I wonder ? FIRE AS AN AGENT IN HU- MAN CULTURE by Walter Hough.Government Printing Office. Washing- ton, Price 50 cents. THE Smithsonian Institute issuesanother of its reliable and usefulworks; quite a large book of 256 pa- ges, with an excellent index (where Ispotted an omission, ie, 1he LyceumTheatre) and 41 first class plates,The subject is not an uninterestingone, but the author manages to makeit entertaining as well as learned, andto the historian of the theatre it willprove of value. THE ETHICAL AND RELI- GIOUS VALUE OF THE DRA- MA by Ramsden Balmforth. GeorgeAllen Gr Unwin Ltd. Price 7/6 net. THE Ethical and Religious Valuesof the Drama are ail very wellprovided the expression of them bespiritually gay: but while they remaingloomy, distressing, and melancholic tohear and to see and to think upon,they will defeat their own aim whichis a grand aim.1 he author of this book is fromthe outset concerned overmuch withProblems.Now the problem is the very devil.Problems are the tares in our wheat,and to run after o!d Nick holding uphis apron for him full of the §eeds ofthese things, and to positively help himto sow them, is. not a little foolish.This is what the writers of problemplays doi and to see this author soconcerned with these problems is grie- vous. .most things else which are soworth while, Belief is a form of mad- ness or it is not belief: the momentyou lean towards reason and begin iomumble why and how and when inregard to belief you cease to be mad ;so much you gain, I admit ; but youiose the whole world.T he author mumbles very sanely, andmumbles more sense than is usualwhen those topics are being mouthed.If he misses the whole point of theRelig ous value of the Drama it is be- cause the thing can only be sung orspoken by musician or by poet.So this is a book fall of fog andsorrows: save where is retold the storyof Shaw's 44 St Joan " and here thebook sparkles and the story touchesthe spot. But then (iiKe Shaw in hisepilogue) Mr. Ba!mforth begins topuzzle and to twist up his foreheadand io oite tne end of his pen 44 andthere is no health m himin taik of such matters there mustoe no doubts, Life comes—passes —goes—e basta.\Ve can observe it, enter the streamof it, spiash and enjoy ; but nevermust we be sorry for ourselves becausewe are not bosses of the stream andgH some of the water in our mouthswnen we don't expect it.No one is, no one will be, bossox the stream ; let it content us thatthis is so and cease from this restlessfutile attempt to know and so becomemore than we had ever hoped to be.it is because the Wells, Shaws!r-jT, 1 • ' i oisiois, and so many modern writerscannot cease their restless, vain attempt to solve the insoluble that there are somany people who regret nearly all theyhave ever written.When Shakespeare and Goethe getdrawn int) the discussion—whoevergets drawn in—they get snuffed outlike a candle and we put down theirfoolish books and go off to bed shakingour heads.—Isn't it } THEATRE PRACTICE by StarkYoung. Charles Scribner &amp; Sons.Price 7jo net. rH13 book would have long ago beenreviewed in these columns buteveryone else had said alt that therewas to say in praise of it and 1 hadno fault to find.It i3 well above the average, andO 'contains many a pleasant phrase, butis more than often rather too vague.For all this it is one of the best ofits kmd that has come from America. T--— TI—IN—DIHIUWIH \mm mtim IJ.THE IVES T END OF YESTER- DAY AND TODAY. E. Bed- ford Chancellor. The ArchitecturalPress. London. Price 25j- net. |T is now twenty years since Mr. Be- 1 resford Chancellor gave us his firstbook on London. At that time itwas no more fashionable to devoteoneself to a limited task and keeo atit year in and year out than it is now.ihen as now, if you could write at all,you were at liberty to write aboutany and everything provided you wereignorant of your subject, hew youngmen ever dreamed that or themselves,in those days, and so there rose uo agroup of famous plodders who wroteon heminism, on new worlds, on the Fa- bian society, on Music, on the Theatre,on Utopia and whatever first came intotheir heads. These encyclopedic headswanted to reform everything by writingbooks : and none seems to have sup- posed that there were any difficultiesin their way.Mr. Chancellor is typical of theother kind of young man of 1905and gave all his time to the study ofone thing ; the streets, the squares andthe houses of London. Whatever hehas to tell us of them is therefore tobe listened to with attention, and whathe has to show us (for he illustrateshis book profusely) will rivet that at- tention. Often he places some pictureshowing a street of the London of1800 by the side of another showing itin ! 900 ; and that so rivets my atten- tion that 1 become grave. Held inthis manner, I am reminded of that oia Egyptian custom of bringing rounda mummy at the beginning of a feast*Today at our London public din- ners and luitcheons 1 would haveMr. Chancellor s book taken round,1 would show the guests one of thesedouble visions: they could then ruminateupon wnat is the difference twixt beingquick and bemg dead : wliere lies thedistinction between a dead and a livestreet.Some of our London streets havedied.Here in their latest pictures theyremain just where they were— a thea- tre, a public-house, a mansion justwnere it was; and the light in itgone out.After all , says the Optimist,Liere s not so great a difference be- tween the Regent Street of today andtuat oi yesterday. And there is hardlyany difference in its shape ; the eyes,nsw*se, mouth, and chin, the neck,and snouiders, tne waist, hips, kneesand ieet are all in place—and dead.His Majesty s 1 heatre is whereHer Majesty s I heatre stood, but itmight be a hotel, for it is the exactfacsimile of a hotel near by. In the olddays it was obviously a fine theatre.But i see that you are all tuckm#•i• • Ointo the joint and have forgotten theprelude to the feast—so as Mr. Chan- cellor s book is far more happy thanterrifying, I too will be gay and passthe mustard.'And it is an enchanting book, thisgossiping attempt to draw attentionto tae lesser known points ", pointswmch charm everyone who is luckyenough to remark one of them. Thecunous thing is that we seldom seethem because ours is a utilitarian life ;we go from here to there for a pur*pose ; we do not linger to have alook at the lovely things which liebetween the two ports.t here will not be a student of thetheatres of Europe who will care tobe left in ignorance of this book andhe won't be disappointed.There are, to begin with,, threedouble page plans of London; dated1792, 1834 and 1927: several viewsof theatres inside and outside ; anddotted through the book is information,most valuable :o us all, relating tohomes or the Drama.If only • publishers and booksellerswould invent some way, think of somenew scheme, by which they could tellus when they have issued a book onthese subjects which are of so muchimportance to* us and which we needto be told of, things would be better—and other things would wake up. But the people who want to hearof books on the Theatrel or whichtouch on the Theatre, seldom are told.It is a fault which needs correcting.Another fault is that such books aretoo often too expensive.There should be students' editionsissued on thin paper, unbound, at halfprice. What student wants a thickpaper book taking up an unnecessaryamount of shelf room and annoyingbecause of its swell get up ? We begpublishers to overhaul their old ideasand experiment with some new com- monsense ideas. Let them study theNonesuch Press a little.There are some firms which dothis tentatively; but what we need isto see some more decision shown byall publishers in the matter of paper,of binding and of price. For the factthat rough (or smoothed out) blottingpaper is wretched, the use of wood- pulp in its manufacture is presumablyresponsible : the bindings are too heavy,too important looking, and paper bindingsare the best as half a dozen nations haveproved, and the French have provedmost conclusively; for their paper bind- ings sometimes even outlast our cardand cloth bindings : and as for price,it would become less automatically ifthe bad and doubtless costly paperand costly bindings were dropped. LES GRANDS COMEDIENS DUXVII SIECLE by Georges Mongte~dienm Edition 44 Le LivreParis,Price 18 francs,WUMiimfmjMBiMH *■■! I nil ■■■II ■IUIIIII mm, N—IFINWMU am O OF the French actors of the timeof Charlemagne (768-770) wehave not as many records as some of uswould like io have. I suppose we shouldlike to have some hooks about theseperformers, but I am not persuaded weshould understand. For what do weunderstand of the Greek stage, andwe have dozens of books about it.The reports handed down to us havebeen hesitating and whispered so faintlyperhaps we haven't quite heard aright.We are told that the actors woremasks and could not show any facialexpression; stood on stilts and socould not easily move ; that they had to44 clump about the stage in the un- gainliest fashion " as Mr. RobertW, Lowe, that excellent student ofthe English Drama, once wrote ; thatthe stage was only of secondary im- portance, the orchestra being moreimportant; that the first tragedy re- presented in Athens by Thespis wasperformed on a wagon and that thegreatest ancient dramatic writers were /Eschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides.Little of which is true.And it seems to me that we nevershall understand anything about thestage until we cease to consider thoseGreek actors 44 ungainly " and thosemiddle-agers dark and their wits dull.You may raise your eyebrows andthink to yourself that I am a verystupid fellow if I do not know thattoday everyone knows better than that.But, perhaps you will allow thatI too may have felt as you feel: 1 toomay have supposed everyone knew anddiscovered that very few do and theseseldom have time to pass their ordinaryknowledge on to the many and somehave even ceased to care about doing so.And so we find floundering thereeven learned persons like Sir EdmundGosse, who 44 distinguishes " 44 the ma- terial side" of a masque by InigoJones and Ben Jonson from 44 it's spi- ritual or poetic side I suggest thatis floundering. He draw3 a distinctionwhere none exists. As well call Jonson'slovely lines 44 material " because thetypesetter and printer with the aid ofsome base metal and some black inkhave turned them into print, — touchable,visible, in short to be logically horrible.The notion of dividing this fromthat is an excellent one, but is so aptto give unintentional offence. As onewho respects 44 the material side "of the 1 heatrical craft for the sterlingaid it has always given to 44 the spiri~tual or poetic side " in its great need,I like to see people working to estab- lish a sounder understanding of the44 material " in the Theatre. It is outof fashion nowadays to kick yourmenials who cook your food; andthe Dramatise who shows the leastcontempt for the craftsmen of a theatrecommits an efror.So until we have all thoroughlycome to understand and value what isto be valued and honoured in the44 material side " of even the stran- gest masque we cannot possibly beginto value what is in its spirit.And so I turn to M. Mongr6dien'sbook to learn something about 44 lagrande coquette Mademoiselle du Parefor I suspect that, until I do so, I shallnever understand what led the Greekactor to 44 conceal " his expressive faceunder a mask. If only Lowe hadstudied the Greek theatre underMademoiselle du Pare!It's Mr. Lowe who says the Greekactor 44 concealed " it. Till I haveread all about Mademoiselle du Parehow shall I know whether concealingor revealing was uppermost in themind of the Grecian actor 1 whether he believed (and from experience) thatthe face was an inadequate, a toopulpy—instrument for expression inany art and that a carved mask wassomewhat better.M. has done his workso well that we fee! almost stifledafter we have lived with his FrenchComediens of the XIII si&amp;cle to theend of his book, 44 What a fuss,what dust ! " we are on the verge ofsaying, when we stop in time, remem- bering that to bring about a renais- sance in our own drama we must firstrealise how dusty is one playhouse,how spiritual and clean another : andso dull we are—you will surely admitit ?—it takes us several centuries ofexperience to recognize dust fromspirit.Even there—even at recognition—some of us are disagreed, saying thatit is from the dust the spirit shinesjust as it is rising.So this 44 Comediens du XVII Siecle "is the book to place side by sidewith Haigh's 44 Attic Theatre THE GENTLE ART OF THEA- TRE GOING by John Drinkwater,Robert Holden &amp; Co, Price 6/- net. *The gentle art. This phrase, long afavourite with anglers as an affec- tionate description of their pursuit, wascleverly used by Whistler in his titleThe Gentle Art of Making Enemies,The oxymoron was what made it effec- tive ; but the journalist, aware thatWhistler made a hit4 with the gentle,art, and failing to see how he did it- has now, by rough handling on inappro- priate occasions, reduced it to a BAT- TERED ORNAMENT cf. IRRELE- VANT ALLUSION). Thug: We havenot the smallest doubt that this is whatwill actually happen. &amp; without anyundue exercise in the gentle art of in- telligent anticipation, we may discuss thesituation, In a Committee the gentle artof procrastination may prove very deadlyto progress.Modern English Usage by H, W,Fowler, 1926 {Oxford), THERE is no genlle art of theatregoing: but let us get on.Mr. Drinkwater is one of the fewmen in the Theatrical profession whoshould have been provided with aTheatre these last fifteen years. Hehas been wasted and is being wasted.Whether he be a great playwright or afine actor or a good producer or merelyan able, all round, man is nothing forus to waste years discussing. Saywhat you will, the fact remains thathe is one of the few men in Englandwho is playwright, actor and produ- cer : and a professional. He has notpushed his way into the Theatre—-he was born in it. He belongs to it.Like Granviiie Barker, another profes- sional. And so in both of these uienis something which seems to disdainto push—it is unnecessary, and so itis not disdain.if England is so rich in talent thatit can afford to waste its able men,England is to be congratulated—butnothing can ever condone such waste.As a theatre-goer I am not verygreatly taken by the works of eitherBarker or Drinkwater. I find theybore me and they interest me : Theyare serious and I like that, but theynever touch me, rouse me or pleaseme. They leave me cold and unen- tertained. I speak as a real playgoer.When I read their plays I discern no- bility in them, but it is the nobilityof rather harrassed men. I find themobstinately noble; not inhuman, butnot quite human. How can they, 1ask myself, be that when the onething needful to them, a theatre, isrefused them but given to a hundredothers who don't know what to dowith such a thing.So really it is not a little strangeif, when put to writing books aboutPlaygoing and Exemplary Theatres,they write them not as well as theordinary trained journalist would do,....he who, when Dramatic critic,should write such books and is tooblind to do so, not seeing it is hisone great chance.Mr. Drinkwater's book is not onPlaygoing or playgoers. He has notcome near enough to the genuineplaygoer to be able to report correctlyof him.A playgoer is a habitue of a play- house or theatre—he is not merelyone who likes plays and players ofthe more intellectual kind. Playgoingis one of his bad habits; it is notto him a pseudo-nobility. It's like drin- king, like smoking, it's a jolly oldvice.Now conceive how repugnant anddifficult it must have been to Mr.Drinkwater to write on a jolly oldvice. Difficult to him because, untilhe had proved it a grand and noblething, he could not possibly be broughtto pen a line about it.The habitual playgoer likes theOpera, and he likes the Ballet; helikes the Melodrama and the MusicHall when it takes on the aspect ofTheatre and when he can see hisfellow-playgoers there. Till then hedoes not go: for, though quite fondof all plays, operas, dramas, actors,sceneries and the rest, above all thingsthe playgoer loves the auditorium, the front of the house, the parterre, bal- conies, his fellow man.Thai's the attraction—to be therewith others—his special set ; and thegood playgoer's set is the world.With the world Mr. Drinkwatermay not allow himself contact. Hisworld is not the old world ; it is,owing to the extraordinary tyrannyunder which he suffers, a localizedmakeshift. Mr. Drinkwater is not ofBrixton, of Peckham, of Kensingtonor even of Birmingham ; he is of theCage, and the tragedy is he is begin- ning to smile at the bars.if not caged, how is it he refusesto escape when he might ? No, heprefers to suffer nobly and says 44 Greatart is for the few, but for a few suf- ficiently numerous and powerful toestablish it in the life of the com- munity So says the active youngjackal in the Gardens where we keephim. " Liberty " says the dear jackal,44 is for the few " : 44 but ", andhere he sniffs the air as he hears thecads from eighty other cages, 44 butfor a few sufficiently numerous—andpowerful — to establish it in the life ofthe community ". Then he goes insidehis hutch and lies down and dreamsof forests and open spaces.It is a heartrending cry, this 44 suf- ficiently numerous and powerful "(powerful !) 44 to establish it.... life.,communityGreat art, like liberty, is only forthose who have it : millions of peopleor one person —and certainly one per- son is few enough. Great art is ineveryone: ability to create it or toenjoy it; but great art has to be inthem or goodnight.Now great Theatre is not utterlyunlike great Art although not an-artat all. Great and genuine Theatreis an event, an experience, anothersort of world, and good theatregoersare habitues of this other world—enjoying the same experience over andover again and always (they hope)will it be slightly varied, if only itbe an electrical experience—what joy.This they dare hardly to hope today.It is essentially linked with the ima- ginative faculty, this experience, al- though Mr. Drinkwater in his mostdepressed mood says 44 we can some- how get on without the imagina- tion ". So says poor Jackal —44 Yes—on thinking it over we can get onwithout leaping the rocks—Nowand again Mr. Drinkwater does flareup and it becomes him. 44 We (play- goers) can have the artist in the Thea- tre, or we can keep him out ; but wehave to learn that it is as an artist, that is to say as an original mindbeyond our legislation, that he willstay if he is to stay at all ".1 would fain see Mr. Drinkwaterflare lip more often with such boldnessand get himself out of that cage. Buteven to breathe fire at the playgoer isnot to entertain him—and the powerto entertain, to soothe and rouse andsoothe again the savage beast, is whatthe Theatre -man, be he playwright,actor or producer, has to do.This bad habit of playgoing is notto be cured any more than is the badhabit of acting well to be cured.In England something obviouslyhas gone wrong with the works of theTheatre : people have been tinkeringwith those bad habits — trying to re- form them. They attempt to make,to plan what once they couldn't helpmaking spontaneously. And it won'tdo. Once you wish to correct thosehabits you get a Macready and a Drink- water : great men in their way—andtheir way is a right noble one—butthe way is not the way of all art. THE COMMON TOUCH byJames Agate. Chapman &amp; Hall.Price 7/6 net. ON the wrapper of this book is thefollowing assertion :—44 The titlewell describes the gentle irony andhuman sympathy which animates allthis author's work. The fact thatMr. Agate is now broadcasting regu- larly has largely added to his public.,who will, no doubt, be glad to pre- serve in more permanent form the im- press of his companionable tempera- ment ".Can you beat it ? I can't, so letus leave it at that.But there is one error in the bookwhere the author asserts that on thefirst night of 44 Hernani " the youngi heophiie Gautier wore a brilliantscarlet waistcoat to symbolise the de- fiant challenge of the new Romanti- cism ". He wore a pink doublet ;and for quite another reason ; Gautiercorrected the Brothers de Goncourt onthis very point as those who haveread their Journal will know..Everyone who writes a book aboutParis borrows this waistcoat and all ofthem borrow the wrong one, notGautier'sat all, some old red thing; and this isthe second or third time this journalhas corrected them.4* A propos of the book " VictorHugo, related by a witness of his LifeGautier maintained that it was not ared waistcoat, but a pink doublet, that he wore at the first performanceof ' Hernani * and when the wholetable laughed, he added 44 Bui it isa very important point. The scarletWaistcoat would have indicated ashade of Republican policy. Well,there was not a trace of that sort ofthing, we were purely mediaeval, allof us— Victor Hugo like the rest—no one would have understood whatWas meant by a Republican. PeirusBortl was the only one with anytendencies of the We were ellagainst the Bourgeoisie end on theside of Monchangy. We representedthe Machicoulis—nothing more. Why !when I sang the praises of antiquity inmy preface to Mademoiselle de Maumpin I nearly caused a schism ] !Journal. Edmond and Jules deGoncourt. July 20. 1863.The Republican spirited scarlet waist- coat is the common tcuch right enough :the mistake at out it is quite commontoo ; and if only Geufier had beena hit commoner he too would havebeen the earth and all the waistcoatsin it and, which is n oie—a little prig,my son. THE CHILD'S PATH 7O FREE- DOM by Norman Macmunn. /. Cur- wen Sons. Price 5/- net.THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OFK1NGSLEY FA IP BRIDGE. OxfordUniversity Press. Price 6j- net. BOTH these bccfes are the woik ofmen who had a vision cf a wold,made happier to live in through theletter training of children ; each setabout doing his part in his own way,and gave his life to his work until ineach case that work was arrested bya too-early death.Norman Macmunn, first as a masterin schools directed by others, then inan experimental school of his own,formulated and tested methods of train- ing boys under a system of completeindividual freedom, based largely uponthe realisation of the truths; 44 thatchildren, like men of genius, do theirwork in the spirit of play " ; he wasconfident that the new sort of leaderneeded in schools is 44 that psychicallyfree man who sees the deeper yearn- ing of the crowd to be freed forhigher things themselves, and knowsfrom the inspiration of his own free- dom how to set to work44 The greatest of all our failures"he writes " 44 has been the lamentablelack of creative leadership since thewar. Here is the true test of theWorld's education, and here the result is purely negative. The readiness ofthe peoples to follow any great ima- ginative leader is pathetically ob- vious .... there has apparently beenno one with the capacity to lead peo- ple where they really want to "go.Norman Macmunn, at his ownschool at Tiptree and later in Italy,gave his life, with pitifully inadequatefinancial support, to the attempt tocany cut his aims, and he embodiedthe results of his practice in this littlehook, from which all who care forself education or the education of othersmay learn much.The second volume, the 44 Auto- biography of Kingsley Fsirbridpeshould be in the hands of all boy?and all concerned in the trainirp ofboV5,The writer grew up in an environ- ment free and adventurous almostbeyond the conception of those ac- customed to she routine of countrieslong civilized, and, from those early ad- ventures, he learned self-reliance, self- discipline, and a steady and modestcourage which equipped him for thetask first Conceived as a hey of twelvein Rhodesia, of hringing farmers fromcongested city areas to farm and cul- tivate the immense and fertile tractsof uninhabited country, and which de- veloped later into his scheme for bung- ing the unwanted and neglected chil- dren of England to this wide coloniallife, and training them to it from theirearliest years.Without money, with nothing huthis own faith and enthusiasm, he wonthe cooperation, first of his re!!cw stu- dent? at Oxford, who 44 suhscrhedfive shilling each to the great project,then of a wider number, and so theventure, based on nothing but theinspired faith of its founder, becamethe Fairbridge Farm School in Wes- tern Australia * and has extended itssphere of usefulness year by year. THE PEEP SHOW by WalterWilkinson. Geoffrey Bles. Price / 0/6. MR WILKINSON travelled withhis own handmade puppet showfrom Gloucestershire through Somer- setshire and Devonshire, and sometimesnetted three shillings and tenpence ata performance (mostly in pennies andhalfpennies) ; sometimes a bit more,and sometimes less. He met all kindsof people, friendly or the reverse, butmostly friendly, since puppets spread afriendly influence around which fewcan resist; and associated with aTkinds of other showmen and pedlars and ice-cream men; and, on wet days,sat in his tent and read Homer andmended his puppets* dresses and hisown socks.All the summer he kept this up :and he wrote a diary, and drew pic- lures of his puppets and himself ontheir peregrinations, and these, with afew photographs, he now includes inhis attractive hook.When autumn came on he turnedhomewards.He had just come through Bath,he tells us, and slept the night com- fortably in a haystack 44 somewherehigh above the twinkling lights ofBath44 This was the last adventure. AH44 next day 1 pulled over the lonely44 Cot swold Hills, travelling about44 twenty miles, and singing songs in44 praise of camping and tramping and44 the stirring' life we jolly showmen44 lead. I spent another day in getting44 to Stroud and that night a Sepfem- 44 her frost stiffened the little tert,44 chilling me in the early hours.44 The next morning found us all44 back at the starting-point all in44 good going order. The tent was44 tern, the elegant tent-poles broken44 and replaced by ha7el sticks, the44 curtains of the show faded and itspaint scratched, hut the showman in44 a sufficiently vigorous state of health44 to remedy these superficial ailments.44 There was a credit balance of fivepounds ; a wealth of experience had44 been gained ; three new puppets,44 various properties, some press noti- 44 ces, innumerable gags and a com- " p'ete new p?ay had been added to44 the show. And in the knapsack44 were half a brown loaf, some tc- 44 matoes, a piece of cheese, a packet44 of tea, and a quarter of a pound of4* butter—all good commodities ".So the story ends.We like Mr. Wilkin son's hock;and wish him good luck the next timehe and his puppets take the road. THE PLAYS OF RICHARDBR1NSLEY SHERIDAN, Editedwith an Introduction by lolo A. Wil- liams. Herbert Jenkins. Price 7/6 net. THIS complete edition in a conve- nient form and at a low price isvery welcome and has an added valuein that it 41 gives, for the first time,the text of The School for Scandalas Sheridan approved it Moreover,44 Three songs in The Duenna, omittedwhen that play was first printed in anauthorised edition, are restored to thetext " and 44 The Rivals is printed from the first edition, in which aremany passages which were afterwardsexcised ". LE FESTE FIOREN TINE Attra- verso I Secoli by Pieiro Gori. Bern- porad &amp; Son, Florence. Price 25lire. THIS profusely illustrated volume of388 pages is devoted principallyto the festivities and pageants withwhich, through many centuries, thecity of Florence was wont to cele- brate June 24th. the day of its pa- tron Saint, John the Baptist.The origin of these celebrations istoo remote to be placed with any cer- tainty, but in very early times theyhad already assumed grandiose propor- tions, and included all kinds of re- presentations and pageants, jousts andprocessions,—in fact spectacles and per- formances of every kind.The author has gathered together alarge amount of interesting and amus- ing information on these festivities;and even those to whom Italian is anunknown language will gain from the222 illustrations, many of them repro- duced from old prints, some vividimpressions of the variety and briliianceof these celebrations at a period whenthe city was itself like a stage set forpageantry, and when even the dailydress of the citizens lent colour andvariety to every corner of the scene. RECEIVE IT 50, by Basil Maine.Noel Douglas. Price 5/'- net. THE author of this little book ofimpressions, which he describes as44 a series of reactions to incidents ofthe Theatre and the Concert hall "is "a well known musical and dra- matic critic, an organist, a singer, afilm petformer and an actor " and is notmentioned in 44 Who's Who " (1926)," Who's who in Literature " (1926),44 Who's Who in the Theatre" (1925)or in " The Film Year Book " (1927).So he is not so well known as hedeserves to be.As he is an excellent critic he shouldbe read and is bound to be so beforelong. The book is a small one of95 pages, and is printed in fairlylarge type. The chapters on 44 Pro- ducing Shakespeare ", 44 The Revue",44 Stage and Screen 44 Rhythm:Black and White ", and " Galli Curci"are excellent.As a sample of his goodness Iquote from his chapter " what is Bri- tish Music ". IT was at a British Music Society Con- gress when the question what isBritish Music first arose in my ownmind; and it arose, I thinI? becauseof the constant reiteration of the words44 British Music Speaker after speakerreferred to this unknown quantity as ifWe were all clear in our minds as toits exact significance. But the va- rious contexts in which the phraseoccured revealed that there existedwidely differing preconceptions, so thatit was almost impossible to arrive atany conclusion. 1 suppose that therewas common ground to be found some- where.Perhaps it was that all these spea- kers and all their hearers had a vagueindefinite idea that British music ismusic composed by people born in theBritish Isles. But that is too simpleto be true. Nothing could be morefallacious than to impose a geogra- phical definition upon artistic impulse.He then tells us that " we shallbe justified in describing any musicalsetting of English words as an En- glish* work so long as it realizes andcompletes the potential idea of thepoet *' ; but he reminds us that allEnglish poets do not confine themselvesto writing about England and Englishthings.44 Shakespeare loved his England,and knevo it in every estate. He44 has immortalized for us Windsor,4 4 Eastcheap, Warwickshire, andEgdon44 Heath, but his imagination could notsS be imprisoned; it was constantlymaking its escape to find itself in" Messina, Verona, Venice, Vienna,44 Denmark&gt; Athens—anywhere solong44 as it could be freeThe essay which appeals most tome is 14 On producing Shakespeare ",but you must read the whole of it,It is one of the best books of itskind which has appeared for a longtime. LISZT. WAGNER AND THEPRINCESS by William Wallace.Kegan Paul, Trench, Trubner andCo. Ltd. Price 10j6 net. THE writers of today who wouldinterest us to the extent of stir- ring our emotion have a very difficulttask—for you and J, the readers, wereborn sophisticated, non k vero ? Wewere born old, born knowing, bornwinking the other eye ; it's all thefault of the age ; nothing is what itseems.If when I am writing or when youare reading this a pretty girl shouldcome and sit down beside us we should be quite upset ; we could notgo on for we know she is not pretty,that she is not what she seems; weknow that, and besides we werebora with very exaggeratedly sensitivenerves. So that if an ugly old manshould come instead of the pretty girl,we should be equally upset. If thepostman should ring and knock andbring us rubbishy catalogues and pro- grammes for concerts we should gomad with annoyance; and if he shouldbring us a letter containing £ 1000..,.but I was not prepared for this even- tuality ; I was supposing we reallydisliked, distrusted, all things, nothingbeing what it seems to be, and I findmyself as Whitman says 44 on the vergeof the usual mistakeWe are glad to be so knowing—ittakes us away from that 44 sloppy sen- timentality " to which Mr. Wallacerefers in the first paragraph of thePreface to his most exciting narrative :—In recent years there has been anoteworthy effort to get rid of thesloppy sentimentality with which thelives of public men have been delu- ged. They have not been studied ashuman beings but as automatonHow an automaton could be sloppyor sentimental and a human beingquite avoid being either is what puz- zles me in these lines of Mr. Wal- lace; but I take him in his Preface tomean that he is going to show us thehuman Liszt, Wagner and PrincessWittgenstein as they really were, notas, let us say, Mr. Lytion Stracheyshows us people, re., as he takes themto be, as seen by the artist in a thousandaspects and recorded as he fancies;no statues, statuettes, pictures or songsof and about these people—bet a realsnapshot of them—and close up.It must be admitted that Mr. Wal- lace does more than ti is. He reelsoff a moving series of these photo- graphs; he gives us the real Liszt, andthe real Wagner at last—as the photo- graph catches them. In the act ofsnapping, the camera is apt to snapup many unconsidered trifles—but itmust be acknowledged that this pho- tographic book about Liszt has snap- ped him twice, even ihree times, ashe was; and it seems to me that threepoints made to three hundred missesconstitutes no bad average.Liszt had three ugly warts on hisface; they have been caught and re- gistered faithfully. Wagner had anugly look in his eye quite often ; wehave it in Mr. Wallace's book. 1hePrincess, who was perfectly harmless,always charming or something else iseasily snapped. I don't mean to say that ail we getare three warts, an ugly look and theusual. I mean decidedly more: Imean that we get one damn ugly pic- ture after another.According to Mr. Wallace, Liszt,Wagner and Princess were rather in- ferior movie mediums—inferior in thesense that they were for ever strikingexaggerated attitudes, and were lurid,ugly customers.According to Mr. Wallace, Wagnerwas a sponger, bleeding the sinisterLiszt of his ill-gotten gains; at en- mity with the Princess who was atenemity with all the world. Mr. Wal- lace draws us a thrilling picture ofthis sinister old pianist on his death- bed. He is dying in a Siegfrieds- trasse Number one, deserted by al! buthis faithful Lina Schmalhausen who wasforbidden to see him (but who did)by the Tigress Frau Ccsima Wagnerwho had 44 assumed control " and,having 44 abruptly dismissed " all hisnurses and pupils, had 44 given ordersthat no one was to enter his room ".Then she left the house, and thedying abbe-pianist, the sinister Liszt,is alone to cough, to cry, to dreamfeverishly and deliriously for a fewdays while his cruel daughter Cosirnais entertaining royal guests at the Fest- wal playhouse on the hill.But this only snaps his death. Hislife was far more weird.I always loved Liszt—and of courseWagner and the lovely Cosima. !once spoke to a man who had satnext to her at a supper table so Icame to know her ; for he talked tome about this for two hours until Ibegan to see this dear lady throughthe mind's eye.But that was all my eye —oneshouldn't trust one's fancy, nor one'sfriends when they speak for two hoursabout one lady;—one should trustone's movies and one's William Wal- lace—they cannot lie.In this book of movie impressionsthe best part is when the authorshows us the hero and heroine being44 cut deadWe see them walking, her arm onhis, under the trees of the Konigplatzin Weimar. Suddenly enter Herr undFrau Slackenstein—there is a pause ;the Princess's fingers tighten on theblack sleeve of the sinister pianist,who starts,—then draws himself up,registers will power, shoulders hunch- ed, nostrils slightly distended, mouthtwitching, eyes searching to left andright for something—a slight thrill ortwiddle in the piano music, and thenMr. and Mrs. Slackenhausen sweep by sneering—ha ha ha laughs Mrs.S : he he he titters Mr. 5. 44 Ta&amp;leau !v/vant ! There's a picture for youSo successful is this 44 dead-cut "scene that Mr. Wallace gives it usfour or five times in the course of histhrilling show.How it mattered to Liszt and hisPrincess—one sees ! They blanch, theywilt, they cower : they have felt thelash of public indignation. Here atlast we have the real Listz and noneof your 44 sloppy sentimentality ". AndHerr Siegfried Wagner is still li- ving.Had this book been written of myfather and grandfather I should haveinstructed my butler to kick Mr. Wal- lace when convenient—for coursethe whole thing is a lie from firstto last.Why is it a lie when many of thefacts are correct? because the inter- preter has made damnable faces allthe time he was interpreting. He hasgunned, smirked, leered, sniggered, frow- ned, trumped, and all with the veryfinest intentions—that of feeding a star- ving cynical group of very mangypuppies with the offal they are nevertired of licking, swallowing, vomitingup and swallowing again.So much for the influence of theCinema on modern literary gents. Buta new era is coming, I hear. It willdo well to hurry up. THE DE-ASSIFICA TION OFMUSIC by Carroll Brent Chilton,Price / dollar post free. St. Mark'sChapel. 288 East 1 Oth St. NewYork. BUT why have I delayed so longin speaking of Mr, Chilton's pamph -let issued in 1922, 44 A Magazine ofone number bent to a purpose,which is to draw your attention tothe only sane way a music roll shouMunwind.So simple, and none $ut Mr. Chil- ton had thought of it.1. You read a book a line at atime from left to right.2. You read music proper as youread a book, line after line from leftto right.3. You can also read a 41 roll " ofmusic in a pianola from left to rightIF YOU WILL do as Mr. Chiltonsuggests.But if you follow the ordinary mu- sic roll which rolls up from below youmight as well read a book that way,and for you books might be speciallyprinted that way. But why do it ? Simple ideas like this surely havemillions of dollars in them for theman who will exploit them, and Mr.Chilton's idea will be exploited. I hearfrom Germany that someone is 14 after "it already. THE DEVELOPMENT OF THETHEATRE by Dr. AUardyce NicollM. A., with 271 Illustrations. G. G.Harrap &amp; Co. Price £ 2.2.0. net. HOW happy I should be to pos- sess Dr. Nicolli's talent for dealingwith Historical material in so skilfula way.He is never too ponderous nor ishe too light: considering he is not apractitioner in stage matters he oftencomes very close to the right under- standing of most facts relating to ourcraft. And he is fair in his estimateof the different books which have ap- peared, and when in doubt he is cor- rect in his attitude. Only is he alittle unfair on the well known workby Karl Mantzius. He finds it 44 lack- ing in exact scholarship " and at thesame time is too kind to 44 the ac- curate account " contained in Ferrari's44 La Scenografia " which is a veryinaccurate book.Mantzius was not a born Histo- rian ; he was an actor, and a stagemanager of the Royal Theatre, Co- penhagen, and for some years waseven director of that immense play- house. And for such a busy man tohave found the time and have calledforth sufficient ability to produce thesix volumes we possess is not a littleextraordinary. That he derived muchfrom other books is clear, and heprobably inherited much material fromhis Father ; how else could he havewritten such a work in his spare mo- ments, a work which deals with thestage from earliest days in Chinaand India and Greece to the middleof the 19th century in Europe ? Formy part, after some preliminary studiesin the difficult task of Historical scho- larship, I have come to the conclusionthat it is far more profitable to us allif, after having worked through theentire history of the stage, we seiectsome one or two misty points anddevote our whole time to clearing theseup. That seems to me should be theaim of 44 exact scholarship.And I would here put in a pleathat students of the history of thestage should devote time—much time— to producing a small but really ori- ginal booklet or two of fifty or sixtypages apiece, and no longer attempt tocover the whole field in a book of about three hundred pages. For itcannot be done quite well enough inthree hundred pages, whereas I sup- pose you can barely fill fifty pageswith what you wiil be able to disco- ver about Zan Polo the actor, Bal- dazzare Lancia the scenographer, SanctaStella the singer or the illusive GaspareVigarani. *Let three or four daring studentsnow studying under Dr. Nicoll inLondon or Professor Baker in Yale takethese four names and search to findthe hidden facts about these fine artistsand I" for one will be extremely gratefulto them. And, what is more, I shallbe astounded if they fill more than fourpages on the four people after a year'ssearch.All said and done, Dr. Niccli'sbook is a rich treasury of facts aboutthe Theatre of Europe and quite thebest of its kind in existence. TECHNIQUE IN DRAMATICART by Halii am Bosworth. Mac- mill an Co. Price / 0/6. THE other day, having a gardenand having after much troubleand some pain collected some hundredseeds from three large artichoke plants,I paused to think what it was 1ought to do and when I ought to doit so as to have eighty or ninety taliartichokes by next June.... which isabout the month they flower.The artichoke is a handsome power- ful plant, and even if you cannot eat thechoke, the arti part of it is superb tolook at.So I turned to my three books on" Gardening in the twentieth Century" Gardening for Idiots " and a thirdwhose title escapes me—, and notone of them troubled to explain when1 should sow the seed, or which monthI could plant out and how I shouliset about it.The writers of those books hadforgotten that 1 was one of the igno- rant idiots they had set out to help ;they seemed to me to be talking onand on about everything 1 didn't wantto know.I then gave up the artichoke idea,I saw that I had wall-flower seed and"love in the mist" and carnations: theselatter I had much trouble to securefrom the beds because 1 think worms,insects or something had been eatingthem.I turned to my three books: not aword about when and how to sowthe seeds of these three plants, not awhisper about worms. So much for Gardens: new forTheatre.Mr. Bosworih's " Technique in Dra- matic Art " is the equivalent of Pic- kering's " Gardening for Idiots " : yetthough I am just the idiotic youngwould-be actor Mr. Bosworth is writingfor, I soon discover that he has quiteforgotten how idiotic and how ignorantI am. He is far too difficult, and hemakes me feel quite anxious.How ought I to come on to thestage first of all in any play, in everyplay ? I would rather ask how am I tobring myself to fee! — for that is thefirst thing I need to discover — quiteat ease?True, I find something about en- trances and exits, but I fee! more illat ease than when I sought for thehelp. This help has fallen on me,not picked me up.1 tested several like attempts tohelp and 1 must say I was a wreckat the end. I couldn't carry a ban- ner properly if I relied at all on Mr.Bosworth. Yet he is clever and tho- roughly versed in the business of thestage. Only why doesn't he help?To help us, all we need are two orthree words, from a man of twenty- five years experience who cannot wastehis words.So if you want help and if youare a beginner you had better go tothe masters who anyhow have a wayof making all things seem less dif- ficult. THERE'S A MOON TONIGHT:A romantic comedy in three acts, aprologue and an epilogue, by AlfredKreymborg. Samuel French Ltd.Price $ 1.25. ACTORS,—though here right awayI break down, for what I meanby actors is not what you mean— :I mean men who can act; you probablymean men socially charming, noblehumbugs, incapable of acting.However charming or noble, noman can play the fool as it's intendedto be played. It needs concentratingon—and sufficient contempt for yourpublic. Actors all over the worldtoday mentally lick the boots of thePublics. Thats Garrickism : for, thoughwe all (all but Horace Walpole) mustadmire our David Garrick, if only for thebig name he made for himself, we arebound to arrive at this conclusion atthe end of years of comparison ofGarrick with ail the other actors andto find him a toady—a boot licker. I always have wished that men ofgenius like Kean could and would beorderly— then we should have hadmore of his kind and even a Clubnamed after him. We should havehad actors and it was to actors 1was about to refer, ccnnecting themwith the plays of Alfred Kreymborg,when I recalled that the actors wereso unfortunately full of Garrickism, andthat Garrick could have made nothingof these plays.This play in the light of the moonis a charming thing made to be acted—it is more or less unreadable.It is essentially a play for actors....actors as I pronounce the word :and so it is quite a silly thing to havebrought out the book bound hand- somely and to have charged one and aquarter dollars for a copy. Twenty- five cents should be the price—so thatreal actors can get hold of it and cramit in their pockets. Thinner papersmaller type, paper cover, and halfthe size would have done the trickquite well. Samuel French once upona time issued all our plays; and 1 be- lieve they cost 6d.No one bought a copy to read forpleasure ; one bought copies when onehad to learn a role.So should it be now.Mr. T. R. Edwards, the managingDirector of French (Incorporated), pos- sibly has some foresight. He shouldget hold of the market again; heshould rob Benn Brothers and Black- well of the power to issue better andcheaper plays. He should take a care- ful look .at the I/- plays issued bythe Oxford University Press. ThePlaywriters should to a man ail standby French—for French is, it seems tome, the rightful heir to the idea ofold Samuel French who hailed fromNew York some time in 1854, boughtup Lacy's business in London in 1872,took No. 89 Strand as his office,and settled in London where he diedin 1898. His list contained 2005plays, 1485 of which Lacy had pub- lished between 1848 and 1873.French by name, American bychance, English by choice, Samivel isthe man for my money. But he mustgo back to his staid and shrewd oldways—they are far more long-sighted,wiser than this present policy of is- suing bound volumes in place of wor- king brochures.And it is all in the interests of theplaywriters to help towards gettingthis done.I do not know what sums the wri- ters of plays receive for such booksbut 1 take it that French (Incorpora- tad) has to pay them more than hecan afford, so he has to charge morefor the books.It is an utterly wrong plan to work on.All the authors want—really want—is to get a play of theirs acted—is itnot so ?Publish the play then—but so cheaplyand in so work-like a form—in bro- chure—that it is plainly seen to be abooklet for workers, not a book forthe public.Let the author take 5 °/0 or 3 0 |0,but then let him insist on plain cheap- ly printed professional looking book- lets or brochures for stuffing in thepocket.Let the author risk that. He maylose* £10 but he chances winningthousands if his play be good for acting,as is 44 There's a moon tonightThis Samuel French—to turn oncemore to him. Would you believe it,but I found no mention of him in theHistories of the American Sta ge. Itwas not in 44 The Romance of theAmerican Theatre " Crawford, i 923 :" A History of the Theatre in Ame- rica Hornbiow, i9S9;or in "AHistory of the American Drama ",Quinn, 1923. GLOSSARY OF STAGE LIGHTING by Stanley R. McCandless.Theatre Arts Inc. New York. Price35 cents. Gordon Craig. THE idea of this brochure is ahappy one ; the idea is to be ofservice : to do a small thing well, tolake an atom of theatre work andperfect it. Instead of parade —insteadcf showing how not to write on 41 TheTheatre of the Universe" as manypeople are doing today, this youngauthor gives us a little help. Bullyfor him.Unfortunately, while it will be cer- tain to help any one who has to studyhow to light an American stage, itwill not serve our European men quiteso well, for it lacks too many of ourterms. But then it's writ by an Ame- rican for Americans.it tells us simply what is an am- pere and what a volt is. It defines theterms 44 plug ", M balcony spot spot- light " 44 foot lights " and so forth.And scanning the brochure I thoughtonce more of an old project whichlack of funds, time and collaboratorshad made me lay aside. Which wasthis:—to bring out a small dictionaryof terms used in the Theatres of Eu- rope and America since the 17 thcentury. Besides having English terms I thought to include the American;but besides these, and side by side, Iintended to place their equivalents inFrench, Italian, German, Dutch, Scan- dinavian and Spanish.I still believe that there is a publiclor such a book and that it consistsof all the technicians, stage-managers andproducers in Europe and America. Itwould be a book with a steady sale,tor not only would it help us all onthe modern stage but it would helpstudents who perhaps do not knowexactly what was a gar game in 1700,what a 44 telaio" or what 44 Scenevedute in angolo " may be.As first-aid to anyone intending tofollow up this notion and carry thething through I cannot do better thanintroduce them to that little Frenchbook 44 La Langue Th£atrale : voca- bulaire historique, descriptive et anec- dctique des Terrnes et des Choses duTheatre etc. by Alfred Bouchard,Paris, 1878.Then there is the smaller Italianwork 44 Manuals della Lingua Tea- trale *' by Papiol ; Socieia EditorialeMilanese. Milano 1909, and the large44 Dictionnaire du Theatre " by Ar- thur Pougin; Firmin-Didot, Paris 1885,is of course to be consulted,But with these three books you canonly make a beginning. You needthree or four more ; and I think youwill have to gather information fromthe theatres themselves to make yourbook complete.But I am quite convinced of thevalue such a book would be to usail ; and I am ready to help in ma- king it, as 1 feel sure many professionalswould be, if someone would undertaketo compile it with our assistance.There are two groups of studentswhich seem to me to be equally wellequipt to undertake such a compila- tion : The Department of Drama, YaleUniversity, (of which Mr. McCand- less is an instructor) ; and Dr. Al- lardyce NicoU's group of students inthe University of London. THE WOODCUT OF TODAYat Home and AbroadEdited byGeoffrey Holme. The Studio Ltd.Price 7/6 net, in Wrapper. 10/6 net,in cloth. A volume, which adds one more tothat long series of fine picturebooks for which we are indebted toMr. Geoffrey Holme, his predecessors,and the Studio Press.The book contains about two hun- dred illustrations, sixteen in colour, with accompanying text by MalcolmC. Salaman relating to the Woodcrin Great Britain, France, Holland'Italy, Russia, Japan, the United Statesand other lands. *Those who have the good fortune#to possess 44 1he Modern Woodcut andLithograph " issued by the Studio in1919 should not fail to secure thisnew volume to set by its side. PRACTICALLY TRUE by ErnestThesiger. Heinemann. Price 8/6THE THEA TRE IN LIFE by Nicho- las Evreinoff. Harrap. Price 12/6 net. FORTY-SEVEN and forty-eight, theseare the ages of Nicholas Evreinoffand Mr. Ernest Thesiger, both ofthem theatre men. Evreinoff, theyounger by one year, is older in expe- rience. 44 Fie has been a circus per- 44 former, an actor, a playwright and ail regisseur ; a flautist and a composer;44 a critic, a novelist and a historian ; a44 painter, a psychologist, a biologist, an44 archeologist and a philosopher ; a gra- 44 ciuate in law, a government official, a" teacher and a world traveller. And44 a tyro at none of these occupations ".These are the words of Mr. OliverSayler, who is helping to sell Russiangoods in America, i put it that waybecause that's the way it is. Keenabout Russian art Mr. Sayler may be,but he is a good American : he doesas he is told, and America tells itssons to do what they darn well likebut to make it pay anyhow.Mr. Sayler, in his introduction ofEvreinoff's book, cannot be accused oflaying it on thin : the author of 44 GayDeath " has to keep still while hispublicity agent paints him an inchthick ail over; and what colour re- mains oyer in the pot is daubed onto the American people who have4&lt; ad vanced incredibly in comprehen- sion and sympathy " in the last tenyears. Glorious delusion ... for if any- thing the whole earth, as a people,has retired gracefully further and fur- ther, comprehending less and less andsympathising, thank heaven, not at all.Sympathy ! !Mr. i hesiger has no one to intro- duce him. He seems passionately fondof introducing himself, yet says not aword. As a rule : he says it in flo- wers. 44 I quickly bought a largebunch of violets...." the 44 result of this44 small outlay (I have tried the same44 trick since with equal success) was44 a letter.... asking me to pay her a• • •»visit So I miss the bunch of violets onthe cover of this book which lacks oat. Introduction. But instead of this# have a dedication to E. P. T.,Hje author's father.Mr. Thesiger senior was (may bene stili is) C!erk Assistant in the Houseof Lords. 44 He knew nearly all thePeers of the Realm "—44 knew practi- cally no one in what is called 4 TheArtistic World ', and certainly no onewhose reputation was in the veryleast shadyWhich can only mean that he ne- ver left his desk in the narrow littleroom allotted to him in the Clerks*quarter of the House of Lords.The notion of not knowing anyonein 44 The Artistic World " seems tome a happy one. I am pretty exclu- sive myself—I will know no one else.1 make an exception in favour of thosewhose reputations are shady ratherpreferring things in the round toquite a flatness; and when they aredamned outright by the intolerant Igreet them cordially. It seems tome to be almost a Hall mark.But when I speak of 44 The Ar- tistic World " I mean the artists andonly the artists. I do not mean thehangers-on — the artistic — the ama- teurs, ....those who have condescen- ded to come over to us. Yes, butalas, to the flat, hail but farewell.Mr. Ernest Thesiger is not flat, dull,and assuredly not unprofitable; andhis book is full of lively, kindly, char- ming and cutting things.After having painted well for tenyears and sold successfully for two (henetted £ 600 for sketches at two 44 oneman shows ") Mr Thesiger became anactor at the age of thirty. And nowat the age of forty-eight he gives us avery readable book of recollections.His passion seems to be to knowpeople—to be introduced—even to in- troduce himself. Once people knowhim a little, he feels sure that he canmake himself liked—and so it is. Buthe also has an immense liking for thestage; on which, as you read hisbook, you feel he is purposed to suc- ceed.The author of 44 Practically truegives his readers two or three portraitsof himself, none of which looks morethan twenty to twenty-five years old.And as he also writes in the twenty- five-year-old swing I get an impressionof a very young man.He seems to have known nearlyall the people one has heard of inEngland. But though so closely intouch with things and people some thereare he never did get into touch withat all, notably the Shah of Persia, Val- liant, Cleo de Merode, Count Tolstoi or Giuseppe Verdi. On the other handhe has known the Empress of Austria,Queen Alexandra, and several lesserroyalties and just missed having a littlesupper or two with the Kaiser.And, as he explains in his book, hehas been an actor for eighteen years.I have always gathered that he is oneof the very best actors on the Englishstage, even as 1 have always heard ofSir Gerald du Maurier as one of ourgreatest producers. Both are in any case,socially, very much in the swim. Somepeople there are in England who de- cry the age and who assert that thestandard in England, so far as thearts and graces go, trails on theground.But so long as such actors as Mr.Thesiger and such producers as SirGerald are on the spot to keep theflag flying, we can fee! assured thatall is well with the British stage.Well, the book couldn't be moreentertaining and often* is instructive;seldom fails to be amusing, and hasone line we can take quite seriouslyand which runs: 44 Really, actorsought never to be knou)n, or evenseen, off the stage ",Let us be glad that Mr. Thesigerdoesn't take himself seriously, for thenwe should have missed a delightfulbook.Delightful of course, and curious ;for to me how queer it seems tocome across the only reference to Ir- ving and find it missing fire— : Allthat he says is 44 I remember thinkingIrving very grotesque in it ", — in 44 TheDead Heart ".Surely, ! say to myself, this first- class actor saw the great actor morethan once ; but it would seem not.His chapter on Mrs. Patrick Camp- bell is full of charm, all but the stcryabout Herbert Trench which merelyreveals a glare of bad manners forwhich Mrs. Campbell is net noted,she having the most charming man- ners ; keeping no one waiting andsaying nothing unkind about anyone.1 wish 1 knew the author's motivefor repeating the story. It may betaken to represent theatrical ways, yetit doesn't represent them; but it mayalso be told to give pleasure to smartsociety whose manners may be just bad.I miss the point of it.Apt is our author on Miss Thorn- dike's 44 iron constitution " : on Mme.Delysia's generosity and loveableness:but is he on Mr. Churchill's 44 fatuousremarks"? Of Arnold Bennett he writes44 I couldn't bear anyone not to likeArnold Bennett " so I at once likeArnold Bennett without knowing him. Mr Thesiger is amusing: even hispassion for knowing people is slylycomic — is it at all grotesque ?What artist ever wanted or wantsto know anyone ? Who is this sameanyone, anyhow ? To be in the swim,what is that ? — to be in touch withpeople in the swim ? To be in touchwith the sea — that I understand; butto bathe in it with two thousand fivehundred otheis at the Lido or to dinewith one thousand four hundred othershardly strikes me as the ultimate, or eventhe passing, ambition of the smallestartist.It was Henry Irving's son, HarryIrving, who once delivered a lectureentitled 44 The Social Status of theActorWhat it was all about 1forget, and cannot refer to the subject,which was reprinted in his 44 Occasio- nal PapersBut it was a defence,and defences are always happy things:the Irvings always defended the actorsagainst the attacks, silent or voiced,made upon them by the tolerant.It was also a waste of time: forartists and actors have very happy livesand give a good deal of happiness toothers.But I refer only to genuine artistsborn to their trade. Now there isanother kind coming along — the ama- teur. All sorts of people are forsakingtheir old paths which one supposes ledsomewhere and are trying a new one— a road which leads them nowhere.I disapprove, and for too many se- rious reasons to be gone into thoroughlyhere. I like too well the idea of con- tinuity : as I like to see the crown passfrom father to son, the titles, the estates,the old traditions, too, so do I like tosee the palette, the pen, the mask andthe box of tricks of any trade passedfrom father to son — or from masterto best apprentice.I like the secrets of the game toremain in families; and 1 am not atall partial to the vulgarization of evena card trick so that after dinner everyLord Pompsby can say 44 I' 11 showyou how Houdini did this"; or LadyDot Andcarione can offer to give usher most perfect rendering in DumbShow of the speech which begins 44 Thequality of mercy.... " to show how farlovelier was her voice than was thatof Mary Anderson.This vulgarization of something whichis best left to the experts of the lowerclasses is the work of England, of Ame- rica and of the Isle of Wight.It is briefly a twopenny nuisance.But when the upper classes insist —when they even offer their servicesprofessionally, when, in short, they become members of the lower classes,(for all artists are, as Mr. Thesigersenior indicates, beneath, not levelwith, the upper and middle, and Iheartily praise God but humbly agreewith the clerk), then they should dofftheir old gold lace uniforms and theirdarned side and be lost in the crowdof artists in the limelight.And another thing. — If the upperclasses of today are content to dofftheir uniforms or whatever it is makes themappear so awkwardly upper, to leavetheir old haunts and to descend to the fardifferent haunts of the artists, they shouldbe very careful to bring something withthem which the artists may at least needA finer set of manners, may be.I feel that Mr. Thesiger does try todo that.Mr. Thesiger was an amateur andis one no longer. He is essentially theprofessional: far more so than M. Evrei- noff seems to be.But 1 couldn't possibly say anythingharsh about this Russian genius for thereare plenty who will damn poor Evrei- noff. Some have said the harshestthings possible : for example, that 44 hisbook has been translated into the irri- tating conversational style made fashion- able by Mr. Craig " : that his criticism is44 remarkably trivial " ; that he is 44 in- sensitive ", his words mere 44 prattlings".Such critics have my sympathy. Theystarted off in life so full of indepen- dence and I don't like to hear themtoday echoing what they have overheardin the lobby of the House of Lords. DESIGN IN THE THEATRE:Special Winter number of 44 TheStudio " 1927-28. Price, Wrappers7/6: Cloth 10/6. THIS new Studio volume containsover 120 illustrations in colour andphotogravure, commentary by GeorgeSheringham and James Laver, and con-by Gordon Craig, Nigil Play- fair and Charles B. Cochran.Mr. Gordon Craig has written acharacteristic letter which is reproducedin facsimile and in which he tilts witha touch of pleasant malice against theplaywright, at the same time indicatingthe importance of the designer's function.This Studio special number offers arepresentative collection of drawings bythe leading English and Continentaltheatre designers, as well as a numberof designs by Irish and American artists.It is a volume which will certainlybe welcome to the large public interestedin the theatre. FOUR COMEDIES by CARLOGOLDONI, Edited by Clifford Rax.Edition limited to 500 copies. 12f 6net. Postage 6d inland.HEROES OF THE PUPPETSTAGE by Madge Anderson. Publi- shed at 12/6 net; Some copies offered(new at 7/ 6, postage 9d inland.Both obtainable from Foyle s, 119-125Charing Cross Road, London. GOLDONI is one of the most rea- dable as well as actable playwri- ters. But you may not know Italian,and then you will need an EnglishTranslation, and I realty cannot thinkyou will find a better one than thissold by Mr. Foyle.All theatrical people will be delightedwith these 44 Four Comedies" editedby Clifford Bax, especially that of 44 IIl eatro Comico " in which play all areactors, actresses, impresari, managers andpatrons. And nowadays it is ratherhard to get a picture of a Patron ofthe Arts, especially a Patron of theTheatre Arts. Here we have him, —the Otto Kahn of those days. True,he is a Turk, but what would you :all patrons can't be white.Mr Foyle's second special offer, the44 Heroes of the Puppet Stage " is use- ful and entertaining. It is a good bookfor beginners and will not bore them. MAGAZINES. NOTES &amp; QUERIES (Price 6d.)continues to be as refreshing asof old. A recent number containing anarticle on Shakespeare's will ! by Wil- liam Poel, is of interest to all studentsof the Drama.THE CALENDAR, in a new co- ver, keeps lively and is as readableas ever. THE LIBRARY, edited byPaul Horgan, (New Mexico MilitaryInstitute, Roswdl, New Mexico) consistsof four brief but good pages spite ofits long address. DRAMA, the jour- nal of the British Drama League(Price 6d.) and the THEATRE WORLD(price 6d.) run each other close, thelatter being better illustrated; and Isometimes find its letter-press more upto date and more lively than that ofits elder brother ; but its advertisementsleave something to be desired.THE AMATEUR STAGE (price 6d.)is the best of the three in every way,and is a lesson to 44 Theatre World"in what to advertise and what toavoid advertising, it is a pleasure to come across an article or two in itspages by James M. Glover.THE ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW(price 2/6 monthly) is the most mag- nificent magazine produced by Lon- don for many a year, and it sets astandard. It often contains illustratedarticles of interest about the architectureof Theatres.THE CURTAIN, (price 3d. monthly)is not as good as it should be, andTHE DRAMA, (American) combinedwith 44 The Little Theatre Monthly "(50 cents monthly) is far too full ofthe kind of 44 news " which is notparticularly bright.4 The Chicago Tribune ' and otherdailies of America, all masterpieces ofJournalism, should long ago have taught44 The Drama " that, to tackle news,you have to possess genius and unli- mited capital.So that little papers, especially thea- trical magazines, should modestly re- frain from reporting the kind of thingsthey do report—and in small print,too and without headlines to awakenour interest and without a spark ofstuff in them.The news that 44 C. M. Patten willread" The Little Poor Man " at theMarch meeting at Los Angeles " doesn'tstrike us as any livelier than the factreported that 44 a new circle was or- ganized this winter at Ogden and thatits president is Aionzo Morlay. Notonly do these people and facts meannothing to us; the way the items arereported is shockingly dull.If the Editor of 44 The Drama "would only scrap the lot he wouldsave some five or six pages which hecould fill up with something worthwhile. Why not ?This that is so noticeable in the Ame- rican 44 Drama " is only rather lessnoticeable in our London 44 Drama44 Amateur Stage 44 The Curtain "and 44 Theatre World That onlywhich is really worth while should bereported and the rest put in the wastepaper basket.When talent has made some mark,that is time enough to report about it;but when a couple of hundred expres- sionless facts are reported to us by thecolumn, then the whole of this Ama- teur activity or the Little TheatreMovement is not only rendered ratherridiculous—but duller than it really is.Among the well produced magazinesof England, Messrs, Halton &amp; TruscottSmith's 44 OLD FURNITURE " seemsto me to be especially good. Editedby E. F. Strange C. B. E.f it isnow in its second volume, and shouldbecome a famous success. EDITORIAL NOTES &amp; SHAKESPEARE THE statement made by John Keatsand reprinted by us on page 153is, after all, by John Keats.That is why it seems to us to beworth the especial notice of our readers.If it had been made by Lord B. orthe Bishop of C. it would, of course,have carried rather more weight.The reason why we do not care onefig for Shakespeare is that he is attimes rather theatrical. NEXT DOOR TO SWINDLE. ONCE upon a time, about the year1900, hardly any books werebeing published about the Theatre inLondon,Then came a change. Many booksappeared. This went on for twentyyeafs. Now almost too many bookson the Theatre appear.Too many on Dramatic Theory,too many Dramas of today and on howto write them, too many on modern Sce- nic Innovations, and perhaps too manyon how to get up private Theatricals.There is no more need for morebooks on these subjects except theybe by very first-class men ; and, alas,they are still coming out signed byjack, Tom and Harry.For example, a book on Drama andhow to write plays by Bernard Shawis still wanted. Dramatic Theory byGranville Barker would be welcome.As for Scenery books, unless aboutthe Ancients, let us have no more ofthem, for it is such a swindle asa rule.Some bright lad who has once beenan assistant to some well known artist, and who has probably been sacked ornever really made good, will have anotion that he can put a book overanyway. He goes touting around andgets a hundred artists to promise toloan him two or three designs apiece.The rights to produce these two orthree hundred designs he coolly sells to apublisher, getting pretty well paid forwhat isn't his property to sell. Hewrites a bit about each design, perhapsten lines or less, comes out with a pre- face, and issues a bock not worth threeshillings for about £ 2.The book is for publication In Au- stria, let us say. Well and good.We can appreciate the courtesy ofany English artist who allows his workto be published there now and againfree of charge. But. what happensafter it has appeared there ? Sheetsare hurried over to London to be pub- lished by Levi Brothers ; it goes offto America and is issued by Bunkum&amp; Co : in fact the designs got for no- thing are traded around in a shamefulmanner.THAT IS THE KIND OF BOOK WE WARNEVERYONE AGAINST.Artists seem to like to give awaytheir rights to men incompetent towrite seriously about them, We can- not think that in any case such thingsshould be given gratis. That the ar- tists are such fools that they neverask for a penny in return merelymeans that they need to belong to theSociety of Authors and study awhileunder Professor Thring who wouldbegin by telling them never to givetheir work away.If each artist asked a fee, as everyman of sense would do, we shouldhave fewer such books — but the fewwould stand a chance of being far better.These 44 Editors " write round to allthe artists begging for designs : if oneprotests he receives a letter telling himin polite but decidedly chilly and poin- ted phrases that he is the only onewho has even suggested such a thingas payment. If he replies that hedoesn't intend to allow his work to beused without payment he will receivefive or six letters arguing the ethics ofthe point.Seldom do these nimble 44 editors "bring out a book on the Theatrework of one man: why is that ? Hemight expect to receive some substan- tial payment.Yet a book on the stage work ofKlaus Richter, for example, is some- thing we should like to see and read.Another on the sceneries of KarlWalser : a third on Emil Orlik's work,and a good big one on StenTs work. There would be* some sense in suchbooks IF the writer were not a cowboyor an engine-driver turned esthete,but were a sound critic like Dr. Fis- chel or Dr. Greger or our old andlamented Cesare Levi.America too has a few good men;Sheldon Cheney and Barrett Clark areamongst the best ; and such men shouldbe and can be iiusted to act towardsartists properly or leave their workalone until they can make some kindof return for the use of it.™ Cowboysare not to be trusted; so no morecowboy editors, we beg. INCORRECT"DAILY MAIL " and" DAILYEXPRESS" PLEASE COPY. ONCE more we earnestly beg someof the greatest journals of Lon- don to revise their staff and indexesand the rest of their machinery in thesection Drama and Theatre.A while ago one of the million ortwo-million-copies-per day journals wasreferring to Signora Duse as 44 the ce- lebrated operatic singer another wasmixing up a well-known producer witha well-known cinema manager; andrecently one of these refers to theburning of the Teatro Aifieri of Mi- lano when no such theatre exists thereand the theatre burnt was in Torino.Such errors are so easily avoided ifone's card index is in order; and, ifit isn't, a card index can so easily beput in order and one's reference bookscan so easily be referred to.Why speak of Teatro Aifieri, Mi- lan when Teatro Aifieri, Turin is meant ? ADDITIONAL NOTE TO " AFORGOTTEN HARLEQUIN "BY R. J. BROADBENT.O SEE " THE MASK " JULY I926. OI i. II.I.III«.I iMiinni immi ■'■mini n.i .its —i nimn imnmoma ON December 27, 1836 the cele- brated English Harlequin Ellarwas performing his old part at Co- vent Garden Theatre in Harlequin andGeorgey Barnwell or the London,Prentice to Clown of Mr. C. J. Smith(his first appearance in that character),Columbine, Mile. T. Schmidt, Pan- taloon, Mr. Clarke.Presumably this was the same TomEllar of whom Mr. R. J. Broadbentwrote in The Mask July 1926.Our information is from " The Thea- trical Observer and Daily Bills of thePlay ", No : 4689. Dec, 27, 1836. LAST WORDS. ASKING ALMS FOR SHAKESPEARE J. S. £100,000 sent from America to the Strat- ford Memorial Theatre is acceptedcordially and makes everyone in Englanddelighted. It makes us bitterly miserable.£ 5,000,000 sent from America tobuild a dam is Egypt makes everyone inEngland furious : 44 Comes as Bombshell "44 Grave View Taken", 44 Very life ofNation endangered", 44 Violated Trea- ties ", 44 Pact with Britain " : Cables sentto Washington.England, in brief, is willing to sellShakespeare rights, unwilling to sell therights to a bit of Egypt.If you can afford to preserve the se- cond you can afford to preserve the first.American headlines read : 44 Britainwill fight building Nile Dam no suchheadlines appeared respecting the buil- ding of the Shakespeare Theatre.Yet whjr not ?Was the National Theatre in Ger- many — that erected in Weimar to Goe- the and Schiller, paid for by a friendlyforeign power : or did Germany pay forit ?It might be worth your while to as- certain.Was the Comedie Francaise, — Mo- liere's Theatre in Paris, pai'd for by a fo- reign power or did France do it alone ?The Abbey Theatre in Dublin, andthe Moscow Art Theatre, and the Scalain Milano, were these erected or re-erec- ted by their nations after a begging partyhad been arranged and did foreignerspay for them ?We think you will find it's not done. Then why did we do it ? OUR FRONTISPIECEO TWO DESIGNS FOR STAGE OO SCENES BY SALVIATI O THE two designs for scenes by Fran- cesco Salviati (Rossi) 1510-1563,(Plate 18) are reproduced from drawingsin sepia and wash" in the British Museum,London.Nothing about this important sceno- grapher is to be found in 44 La Sceno- grafia " by -Ferrari, in "Scenes and Ma- chines " by Miss Lily Campbell, or in Dr.Nicoll's recent work 44 The Developmentof the Theatre ".Salviati dates before Inigo Jones, theParigi family and Parigi's master Buon- talenti, and is a contemporary of Lancia.Vasari, Salviati's fellow-student un- der both Andrea del Sarto and BaccioBandinelli, gives us in his 44 Lives of thePainters " the most information abouthim, and his works for Cardinals, Popesand princes, iti Roma, in Firenze underthe Duke Cosimo I,, and in France atthe court of Francois I.Francesco caine to be called 44 IICecchino del Salviati (1) or il Salviati "or Cecchino Salviati, (2) or FrancescoSalviati owing to the favour and protec- tion he received from Cardinal Salviati for whom he executed various works.He also worked for the Farnese family,and when Big. Pier Luigi Farnese, Lordof Nepi, was made Duke of Castro, Va- sari relates that not only 44 Francescodevised a rich apparatus for his entryinto the city ", but 44 made some beau- tiful scenery for. a comedy ".Francesco also worked in Firenzewhere he did much work for the DukeCosimo I., and ,4 one carnival year he didthe scenary for a comedy, judged supe- rior to any made in Firenze'up to thattime " (1); and in France, where FrancoisI., had engaged some of the ablest 'ar- tists of Italy in the decoration of the Pa- lace of Fontainebleau ; but returned laterto Roma.Employed by Popes, Cardinals, andreigning princes, his versatility seems tohave been immense. 44 He studied andworked ceaselessly " says Vasari, turn- ing from portraits and great wall designsto make 44 a handsome design... tobe painted on a platter 44 as a present tohis wife and mother-in-law; " or 44 a bookof curious habits and dresses of menand horses for masques 44 for M. JacopoSalviati ; and before his death 44 He hadat the end practised mosaic, being arestless man anxious to be accompli- shed in many things". 44 Rich and co- pious in invention and universal in everybranch of pictorial art, he would " addsVasari, 44 have produced marvellousthings if he had found a prince to humourhim ".Compare the two scenic designs herereproduced with A. Parigi's setting for14 II Solimano " (i62o) reproduced in Dr.Nicoll's 44 Development of the Theatre". (1) BRYAN'S* Dictionary of Painters&amp; Engravers. 1903.(2) VASARI. Op. cit. y o THE CRESSET PRESS o A newly established Press, 44 TheCresset Press has chosen for itsfirst venture this autumn a reprint ofBacon's Essays, the main reason givenfor the choice being that *4 no reallyworthy edition of the Essays has everbeen produced since they were writtenOther announcements include a post- humous translation, by Maurice Hew- lett, of the first twelve books of theIliad, to which Professor Lascelles Aber- crombie is to write an introduction. Theexistence of this work was known to buta few intimate friends.The programme also includes an il- lustrated collection of old English songs,with the music, ranging from the 16thto the 19th century, which do not find aplace in most anthologies ; and reprintsof two little old English treatises 011Gardening and Fishing, the one, " TheNew Orchard and Garden " and 44 TheCountrie Housewife's Garden " by Wil- liam Lawson ; the other " Secrets ofAngling " by Gervase Markham and" The Experienced Angler " by Ro- bert Venables.In short, the Cresset Press is makinga good beginning, and evidently purpo- ses to render good service to book- lovers. (1) VASARI. Op, ctt. o CONSTRUCTION. oO AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY O this matter of the merelymaterial, the building of theatres,the scenical things, the preparationmade for the spectators, the mise en sceneand the front of the house, it is curiousto note that they who make light ofthese things, who would somewhat con- temptuously urge ns all to pass on oversuch triflings and 44 come to Hecuba "those who would open a theatre andring up the curtain without any properpreparation, have from the first avoidedthe whole subject, shirking these triflesas though utterly worthless.We must come back to this at everyexamination of a dramatist's worth : —how far did he learn the material sideof the playhouse and its entertainment ?It may be that they are possibly ve- ry slight matters, but that they are ut- terly worthless and beneath the common- sense of the play writers who possess thatrare commodity can hardly be supposed. G . P . HUNTLEY.A GENUINE ACTOR. m mini ■■Minn a . umjuijiTHE loss of G. P. Huntley is a real1 loss to the English Stage. He wasa personality — a genuine actor — anda delightful fellow.Why for the last six years he shouldhave been allowed to go to America onerealized when one read the obituary no- tices in the London dailies.All they could think of to say to theirMyriad of enlightened readers, wras, thathe owned race horses, had other hobbies,had played inanities on the stage whichdelighted; was popular, and an arch- master of 4 silly ass ' humour ; had ajoke in his voice, and so on. Anythingmore?.... they thought not.Poor Huntley.A fine artist, and an actor with agenius all his own....We will say that in our Londondailies next time — next time we have aplainer and rather less enlightened public. A PRESENTATION PLATE TOo 1927 SUBSCRIBERS. o WITH this number we issue to allsubscribers for 1927 a special Plate,a design by Gordon Craig, dedicated toISADORA DUNCAN. THE ENDO FVOLUME Xi 11 THE ENGLISH PEOPLE DONOT CARE ONE FIGABOUT SHAKESPEARE,-ONLY AS HE FLATTERS THEIRPRIDE AND THEIR PREJU-DICES. WE ARE NOT SURETHAT THIS HAS NOT BEENREMARKED BEFORE, THOUGHWE DO NOT REMEMBERWHERE; NEVERTHELESSIT IS OUR FIRM OPINION.JOHN KEA TS. The Incorporated Societyof AUTHORS,PLAYWRIGHTS&amp; COMPOSERS.n GOWER STREET.LONDON, W. C. i.oTO NEW WRITERS.Advice given on all mattersconnected with the businessside of Authorship, SerialRights, Dramatic Rights,Standingof Magazines, Agents,and Publishers.Prospectus on applicationto the Secretary.O rCANTAGALLIARTISTIC MAJOLICASARCHITECTURALDECORATIONSREPRODUCTIONS OFWORKS OFDELLA ROBBIAOMAN UFA CTOR YFLORENCE(PORTA ROMANA)oBRA NCH EST A BLISHMENTROMEVIA BABUINO 182. NOTESANDQUERIESA MEDIUM OF INTER-COMMUNICATION FORLITERARY MEN, GENE-RAL READERS, ETC.FOUNDED 1849.□WEEKLY.PRICE 6d. POST FREE 7d.ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION£ 1.15.4 post free.(Including two Indexes),UTHE MASK(Volume 9, 1923) says:u Notes &lt;&amp; Queries " is publishedby the Bucks, Free Press, 20High Wycombe. Bucks. England,from whom you will order it if youwant to enjoy one of the fewunspoiled magazines of the day. AMATEV^STAGE.PUBLISHED MONTHL Y PRICE SIXPENCEA magazine making a serious endeavour to serve thewide field of amateur stage activity in Great Britain.There is much good work, creative and not imitative,taking place on that stage, and it is reflected in thismagazine. In the space of one year THE AMATEURSTAGE has taken its place as one of the indispensabletheatrical periodicals. Therefore it appeals to YOU.The annual subscription is 8f-, or y/- for six months.OOrder through any bookseller, or direct from the Publisher,THE AMATEUR STAGE, NEW SCALA THEATRE,CHARLOTTE STREET, LONDON, W. i.win mSUBSCRIPTIONSIF YOU FIND ANY DIFFICULTY IN OBTAININGTHE MASK WRITE DIRECT TO THE MASKPUBLISHERS, BOX 444. FLORENCE, ITALY,AND WE WILL SUPPLY YOU IMMEDIATELY.SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE 1927 VOLUME.WHICH COMMENCES WITH THIS JANUARY NUMBER.ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION. POST FREE.POPULAR EDITION.Shillings. 10. Dollars. 2.50SPECIAL EDITION (WITH COVER FOR BINDING)Shillings. 20.Dollars. 5.00wwwuwwaaVOLUMES X (1924), XI (1925), AND XII (1926),ARE NOW ON SALE. EACH VOLUME COSTS :Popular Edition. Four Quarterly parts 10/-: $ 2.50Bound: 14/-: $ 3.50Fine Paper Edition. Four Quarterly parts : 20/-: $ 5.00Bound, half vellum: 25/-: $ 6.25Post free.IWm, jjf !:?tfSSsrJ;711••T,mlww"1AH1«r2SSTnranca&lt;rFritellmo.FROM THE " BALLI DI SFESSAN1A n BY JACQUES CALLOT.ONE OF THE MANY DESIGNS REPRODUCEDIN " THE MASK " IN 1923-1925.■MlifP■ \mn*. 1n