The mask 8 7 Oct. 1918 naau_1918-10_01 The mask 8 7 NAPOLEON'S THEATRE NOT EXACTLY A LITTLE THEATRE YET NO COMMERCIAL PLAYHOUSE. Corneille cre 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 WANTED! ARTISTS AND MILLIONAIRES 1-4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 WAKE UP, ENGLAND! 4 THE CINEMATOGRAPH 4 THE SECRET OF SUCCESS IS CONSTANCY OF PURPOSE. 4 Disraeli. 1805-1881. Illustration 4 THE MASK A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER SEVENADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved Oct. 1918.Gerente responsabile: Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY. NAPOLEON'STHEATRE NOT EXACTLY A LITTLE THEATREYET NO COMMERCIAL PLAYHOUSE. Corneille. n Le divertissement le plus doux de nos princes, les du peuple etle plaisir des grands n. WANTED!ARTISTS ANDMILLIONAIRES THE INSURGENT THEATRE.Thomas H. Dickinson. B. W. Huebsch.1917. New York. A beautifully bound book, well prin- ted, by an author who has donehis work as well as he can do it.But author — publisher — book- binder alike will agree that it's not tomake them pretty speeches that theysent us the book for Review, but soas to strike a few sparks out of theiron as of old.Then let us to the heart of thematter.WE know most of the men whosework is written about in thebook, which deals with the New Move- ment in the Theatre — its Americanphase — and in particular with theLittle Theatres n.What brought the Little Theatresinto existence in a world that can findmore than 20 million pounds a day torun a war ?It was not exactly the generosity ofthe men with money and a taste forart. whom he thinks brought the LittleTheatres into existence in Europe andin America. Was it perhaps their notknowing how to spend money ?Say we artists were not willing to doour best; then how is it we have trium- phed? Say we were not all artists —we could have gone to school underthe few that are. Say what you will,you cannot say you were generous....some day it will be said that one ortwo of you were very mean..,, thatyou gave us a penny.With our penny in our hands webought a Hat-box second-hand off alittle French milliner, and turned it intoa peep-show.Eccola — il piccolo teairol... TheLittle Theatre of Europe and America.And a pretty makeshift it is. Wespent the penny on the box, and for- got lunch that day. An awful mistake.Money is a curse unless employedto creative ends and generously. Whykill ? why cure ? — CREATE I« What is the chief error in the NewMovement ? 11 we asked Gordon Craiglast week.n The men work too hard and eattoo littel, smoke too little, drink toolittle, and are not comfortable at home,11he replied.n But you told them to sacrifice. n' n Did I ? n he answered. n Then I amheartily sorry for they are nearly dead.11 n Well, but should n't they sacrifice? flHlf they are strong enough to sa- crifice all, and be alive " he said ; I? butto sacrifice so much at first and thenlater to compromise and accept two- penny-half-penny little theatres so thatthey may feed their personal vanity isnot sacrifice. n" Sacrifice vanity.... place andabove all altitude, as Austin Harrisonhas been telling the English Governmentto do.RTell me more," I urged.* Satan ! n he hissed. "You shirkerSatan! Would you have me do yourwork for you? And make clear foryou what your own eyes are too lazyto search out and see for yourselves?"A most surprising man, to be sure! he was gone in a flash, leavingme not exactly peeved, but feeling howvery very wrong it was of him to speakso to one who respects and cherishesall he has done for the theatre; butseriously right in essentials. And it wasafter this late cold douche that I percivedthat all these little theatres are the pro- duct of what we might perhaps call theSkinflints of Society the dear pa- trons of Art. Shocking people meanas the skeletons of church mice.You may say, for instance, that it wasvery generous of Miss Alice and Miss IreneLewisohn to support the NeighbourhoodPlayhouse. They are well-to-do ladies,but they went in for teaching Dancing.What have the teaching of dancing,philanthropy and the generous supportof the arts in common ?Then there is Miss Barnsdall whocreated the Little Theatre of Los An- geles. I do not know whether she hastalent or no, but she is reported by.Miss Mackay in a book called n TheLittle Theatre in the United States H Wto be an discoverer of talent n in others.n The Little Theatre Players of Denver nwere supported by Mrs. Helen Schu- ster-Martin; n she provided a buildingand a corps of efficient workers " in1915 says Mr. Dickinson, but MissMackaye does not mention her in herbook: all she says is that the Denvertheatre failed; and her book is dated1917'Mr. Dickinson goes into this questionof support. He says:* The ideal of the new theatre maybe distinguished from that of the oldby their differing standards of supportNow support is quite indispensable inthe theatre. Unlike the other arts, anyone of which may be considered quiteapart from its support, and simply a matter of the artist's own creativeimpulse, the art of the theatre has noexistence except as it is sustained fromwithout. Support is not the rewardor the recognition of the artist of thetheatre; it is the pre-requisite. It is thematerial with which he works. With- out it he cannot work.n Now support is of two orders, clearlyto be distinguished and yet mutuallyconnected. The first is the mentalsupport upon which the success of everyplay depends, the support of the mindsof the audience, The second is thefinancial support upon which the ma- chinery of the production depends 11and he adds: " a study of the con- dition of the stage during several yearsand the witness of the activities of theInsurgent Theatres, lead me to believethat in neither respect has supportbeen healthy for some time past. rrHe finds that the Audience in theirmental support are either too puritani- cally suspicious, take no real pleasurein the shows, leave their taste in thecloakroom as they go in .... or, if con- noisseurs, have become so n critical andexpert in the attitude toward a playas to be of little service in its support ".These last are the so-called " high- brows n. A wretched set, we alwaysthink.The real supporters, he says, are" Germans, French and Italian n; theyare n theatre lovers n.So according to Mr. Dickinson theaudience is of no good at all.Now of the other kind of supporters.The financial supporters.He starts by not mentioning them.We therefore think that is the pointon which to concentrate attention.Mr. Dickinson tells us instead whatit costs in a city of America per weekto run a little theatre of this kind,£ 1900.0.0. a week is what expe- rience shows is the figure.One wonders what an English Lordwould say to that: .... did not one inEngland promise to give Mr. GordonCraig two thousand pounds odd a yearfor five years ? That was for a 5ch001,...with a staff of thirty members... and vastideas to be carried out.It is not certain whether the full fiveyears support was ever forthcoming.Now had £ 1900.0.0. a WEEK,been required what would Englandand its Lords have said ? (Over sevenmillions a day is found for purposesof war, they say).Mr. Dickinson then takes us imme- diately into a chapter called n Experi- ments in Subsidy n. At last, I thought,I shall have names and figures.Not a bit of it. We are told of the twenty trusteesand a guarantee fund of $ 25.000raised for the New Theatre, Chicago.$ 25,000 is £ 5000, .... practicallynothing. But where are the contribu- tors* names ? One wants to see whateach man* gave.... each fabulously richman and woman.When I say l? fabulously rich " Imean anyone with an income over£ 10.000 to £ 15,000 a year.Then Mr. Dickinson quotes the affairof the Pittsfield, (Massachusetts) " Co- lonial Theatre n. Fifty citizens, he says,bought the Theatre and gave it to aMr. Parke to run. 11 At the end ofa year he gave up the task severalthousand dollars poorer n.Now, why can't we know the namesof those fifty citizens?.... we couldlook up the records of their incomeand capital.The same story comes from Northamp- ton, Massachusetts:... and certainlyhere Mr. Edward H. R. Lyman ismentioned. He seems to have beengenerous, alone giving to the town n alarge and well-equipped theatre ", etc.But here is the sad part of it, ....He gave it to the Town. Why couldn'the have found an artist in Europe, ifnot in America, and given it to him ?I guarantee that had he done so theywould still have Dramatic Art in Nor- thampton today.I cast no discredit on the doubtlessfine abilities of Miss Bonstelle or Mr.Harrison who were chosen to attemptto wake up the Inhabitants of North- ampton, Mass. when I assert that ifNorthampton's leaders....and Mr. Lymanwas one of them .... had gone to a verylittle trouble to find one of the fewartists on earth, ... and they are easilyfound.... Northampton would have hadto wake up... or become the laughing- stock of the States.It was at this Theatre in Americathat Sir Johnson Forbes Robertsonplayed f! Hamlet n for the last time, andin his speech said to the Inhabitants:n No matter what it costs you, do notgive up your Municipal Theatre n.The " what it costs you H is good.But there are among the citizens someSkinflints surely, and not to have beenable to keep Miss Bonstelle and Mr.Harrison was a step backwards.So we reach the end of this pro- mising chapter on 11 Experiments inSubsidy n without one supporter beingnamed except Mr. Lyman,... and heshows up well.The whole error of Mr. Dickinsonexcellent book is the error of all suchbooks and of the whole New Move- ment. It will not face the truth. The truth is this: ... A Theatre canonly be created in a city by two fac- tors:... a great artist and a millionaire,(for you see what groups and committeesdo). Both mu t give their best, and gene- rously.Read the History of Art and don'tblink the Truth. In the old days therewere great ideas, greatly supported...greatly carried out..... In Rome,... in Florence.... inParis,... in Venice, ... in Potsdam, ...in St. Petersberg.How ?By giants ? .... who ? .... Artists andPatrons, each one of them n a bigman lf Sometimes, .... rarely, .... abig-minded woman.In England only, great artists wereunrecognized. There was always astingyness about England in its supportof great art.And America has caught this badquality from the English nation, forthis reason .... that it thinks in Englishand feels as an Englishman about Art.Get it out of you, America: ... Feellike a Spaniard, or, better still, like anAmerican... be bully generous... swaggerlike the Lords you are .... beat theMedicis, the Popes, the Sforzas andthe Bourbons at their own game. Dothe big thing bigly.,.. and for heaven'ssake do not perpetuate the awful mean- ness of the Lickpennies.So here we have the root fromwhich the popularity of the. " LittleTheatre" springs:... Meanness, Parsi- mony; Little Things pleasing or expressingLittle and ungenerous minds.No other explanation can throw lighton this Little Theatre movement.In the New Movement I recognizeas original creative artists but four Yvette Guilbert, Isadora Duncan, Appia,Craig; of the Dramatists I do notspeak here for it is not the Dramatistwho has been the prime mover in thisRenaissance of our most ancient Art ofthe Theatre. After these four come thesuccessful impresarios, men of taste orpower, and distinctly not creative artists.Reinhardt, Stanislawsky, Djagelew andRouch£; for Antoine has, I gather,retired, and after these come a long listof good men and true such as Hevesi,Rooyards, Dumont, Fuchs, Starke,Bakst, Barker, Poel, Copeau, Poe„ andso forth, too many to record here.And then the students.... many whomight perhaps have been far betteremployed.... some at hunting the alli- gator, others in a museum.... a thirdgroup sent to sea.... a fourth emplo- yed in a furniture stores.... a fifth asgardeners..... a sixth at culling the ever- popular water cresses and selling them.... doing, in short, any mortal useful thing,anything except pretending to be stu- dents of art. For not feeling anythingat all in any way turbulent in their na- tures, they took up stage work for all andany reason but the right ones.... and thereare but few.... they took it up as onetakes up what seems a soft job ; andnearly every one of these students hasa Little Theatre today or is a celebratedcritic of the Theatre.We all know it's not their fault or before long everyone will know: it'sthe fault of the family of Skinflints.Had Miss Isadora Duncan had let us say, an eighth of a million toplay with, do you suppose for a mo- ment that she would not have foundeda 5ch001.... several theatres on such ascale as to make the little Dalcrozeeffort and all the hopping heresies ofthe Wiesenthal sisters, the Morrises andthe rest of the " Salomes n unnecessary ?These futile immitators would havegone to Miss Duncan's school or toone of the theatres and would havethere learnt to Wait such a bad thing to learn either. It isonly by a tendency to Wait (add acapacity) that a diamond is born.If paste is as good to you, you shouldhave paste. To me it is not. So you seewhat these earnest ones have lost by theSkinflints refusing to hand over half amillion to Miss Isadora Duncan.The same thing applies to YvetteGuilbert. An eighth of a million tobegin with for her.With Craig and Appia maybe itis the same.To these four artists let them butbe in a position to pay their pupilswell all the possible talent of theage would have flowed. Slowly, with- out the awful haste of the Ameri- cans or the smug slowness of theEnglish, four great schools would havearisen.The Theatre would then have beensafe for Aristocracy and by that Imean the only aristocracy worthy thename... that of blood, character orcreative power.As it is the Theatre is a poor concernand the poor Little Theatres a littletoo ridiculous.Even Mr. Ames, quite one of themost short-sighted impresarios on earth,deserved better than that pokey littleback-street affair in New York. Mr.Ames, who really has a genius fordoing the wrong thing when given thechance, should have been allowed to doit large. It would have found him0ut.... Amd he would, let us all hope,have seen reason for accepting the postof business man or assistant stage-ma- nager to some really capable first classman in America.Why should he have been allowedto n do it large n? Because then ThePublic instead of a clique would havejudged his efforts and judged them asthey sample their beer, their bread andtheir tobacco:Had these awful Skinflints men- tioned previously been responsible peo- ple and not so close-fisted thieves,Mr. Browne, the Englishman of Chicago,could have developed admirably... if histendency to take himself so seriouslyhad been nipped in the bud.... if hehad been under some sort of publicinstead of clique discipline.Mr. Hume might have begun to seewith his own eyes had he been con- tent to train:... Mr. Jones, too.Mr. Urban of course was hopelessfrom the first; began too late in life,and then far too near Vienna - inVienna, in fact.But there are others than MessrsBrowne, Hume, Jones and Urban : onecan remember that.There are some far more serious, farless uninformed men coming along:...in the different groups are both menand women of determination, and wehope and believe of talent: men andwomen one does not hear of until theyreally have won their spurs. These artreally TRAINING, we think.Training does this for a man.... itmakes a man of him, both physicallyand mentally.Now the first thing training teaches aman is to use initiative : to Be Himself;rely on himself: stop thinking of himself....and go for the enemy. The Enemy ofArt is a conglomerate thing in oneself Blindness, Conceit, and Ape facility allied to Timidity, Ignorance (this clings toan undisciplined man even after ten yearswork: very often so); especially Igno- rance ©f why one is trying to be an artist;and utter Incapacity to perceive thatone should never try to be that. OneIS that or one never is ; if never....then give it up and determine to bea tip-top sound craftsman.AND NO IV THE CREATIVE POINTOF THIS DESTRUCTIVE ESSAY.But here at this parting of the waysvanity too often steps in and preventsany such sound renunciation. The wisefriends or relations urge the blind one toup and do and prove in five years howlittle right he had to go on trying tobe what Nature had said no to. Butit is true: Craftsmen is what these quan- tities of half-baked artists should aim tobe: and if 30,000 so-called artists oftoday would stop calling themselves ar- tists, stop trying to express originally what they even fail to have seen, and woulddevote all their time to becoming expertin any single branch of craftsmanship. (i)THE THEATRE WOULD STILL BESA FED A T THIS THE LAST HOUR.Who shall pay these 30.000 is adifficult thing for me to know. There isplenty of money on earth, as is beingproved daily ; far more than we expectedplenty for any reasonable extrava- gance. Who shall pay the men so as toprevent this drunken orgy of artisticnessand little nothings, and produce insteada regular increase of fine honest crafts- manship ? The State may have to lookinto the matter. I wish it would.Self-employed and self-governed ar- tists and craftsmen are dog - tired ofliberty.... that illusion; they are tiredof little or no pay; of seeing the apesof their ideas and especially of theirfaults or experiments foisted on to apublic weary of the very name of Art.But artists and craftsmen, the genuinefew, are true as steel to Art. Theyknow the value of what has beenentrusted to them, if not by God bythe very nearest thing to God thatever will be.Attention ill one and all, andeven our good supporters: a messagefrom Mr Gordon Craig to close thetalk:,., he tells me to say this.Art is not going to lose itsbattle. It never has lost yet inthe history of the world.Don't you think it's a goodthing to be on the side thatwins?Higher appeal. Don't yousee what a blessing it wouldbe to you to feel thathad brought the victory nearerby half a century ? Then comealong and help with a will.For our battles may be 10ng....BUT WE NEVER LOSE. (i) Some notes on this book appearedin " The Mask N. 6. (x) NOTE. With this last twelve linesMr. Craig agrees sufficiently to writeon my M. S. which I sent to him toread:.... n EXACTLYyou haven struck a new path here: this chanceB remains. And here is the creativeB point in what otherwise Would he onlyB a destructive paper.n But remember, craftsmen must beR employed.11 Who can be entrusted to employ* and pay craftsmen to creative endsn ? WAKE UP, ENGLAND! TO provide for the amusement of the people (ofAthens) was considered to be one of the regularduties of the government. In England Theatres aresimply private enterprises. In some foreign countriescertain theatres receive subventions from the state, and aresubject to a code of rules ; but for practical purposestheir connexion with the state is only a slight one. Butin Athens the superintendence of the /annual dramaticperformances was just as much a part of the publicadministration of affairs as was the repair of the dock- yards, the equipment of fleets, or the despatch ofarmies.A. E. Haigh. " The Attic Theatre ". O (1) And England, which can find seven million a day year afteryear for war, could not, even in peace times, find even one million a yearto enable its artists to provide a worthy theatre for its people. Ed. THE CINEMATOGRAPH FOR several years m. world hasheard of the disastrous effects of theCinema upon the theatre. It is sup- posed to be a branch of the theatricalart which is killing the parent tree ! 1!But from one point of view Cinemais, as a matter of fact, not a branchof theatrical art, and all it is doing tothe theatre is to close some of its su- perfluous d00r5.... and this is a veryexcellent thing.It closes the doors of the Theatrewhich lead the public to the Boxoffice scenically one of the bestthings in the modern theatre. The Ci- nema has had an effect upon the Box- office of the Theatre, but not upon theTheatre itself. It has prevented vulgarenthusiasm for the cheap dramatic stuffof the theatre, for it has supplied acheaper dramatic stuff. The vulgarenthusiasm now empties itself into theCinema Halls, and the theatre is po- sitively being saved. So if anythingthe Cinema has saved the Theatre.If there is anything the Cinema willkill it will be Journalism.I often hear journalists saying howthey are discovering fresh ideas for Ci- nema.... a fresh way.... method.... Ifail to gather what they mean, bu/ Isee that their mind is running uponCinema and that they speak as a fa- ther would speak of what he is going:...to do with his son when he grows upyou know the attitude.I think a shock awaits them. THE SECRETOF SUCCESSIS CONSTANCYOF PURPOSE. Disraeli.1805-1881.