Bruno's Weekly 3 24 December 2nd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-12-02_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno 3 24 THE POSEUR by Dav Josephson Illustration 1 The contents include: 1 Thanksgiving 2 On Book Stall Row Guido Bruno cre 2-3 Love in Magazine Stories Alexander Harvey in his "Bang cre 3 Caramba Lyrics by O. Henry cre Franklin P. Adams cre Music by A. Baldwin Sloane cre 4 £ HAVE not yet read Professor Smith's recently published 4 Caramba 4 Love is all that Matters 4 Chorus 4 Little Old Main Street 4 Chorus 4 The servants of God give away Heaven and Hell 4 The Pearl Necklace After the German, author unknown, by Guido Bruno cre 5 Night on the Beach Stephen J. O'Hara cre 5 To Lucasta Richard Lovelace (1618-1658 cre 5 Going to the Warres 5 Sonnet 5 Austrian Culture and Austrian Poetry A. W. G. Randall cre 5-6 Books and Magazines of the Week 6-7 Coleman's Drawings and Paintings Guido Bruno cre 7 The Last Hour Gustave Flaubert cre 7 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Ten Cents Love in Magazine Stories.The Pearl Necklace.Coleman—American Artist. Week Ending December 2d, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno No. 24 DECEMBER 2nd, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weeklyu Inc., at No. 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. THE POSEUR by Dav Josephson The contents include:A Musical Comedy by O. Henry.On Book Stall Row.Austrian Culture and Austrian Poetry. Thanksgiving I Give Thanks:Because I am strong and healthy enough to eat dry breadwhile others are so weak that they must become the victims ofgreedy cold storage people and of pork packer barons.Because I have so much physical strength that I can prevent mycreditors from tearing the clothes from my back, because mymuscular power is in such good shape that certain editorialwriters and other mud-throwers dare to write lies about meanonymously only.Because I have eyes to see and ears to hear, a mouth to keepsilent and a pen to write with.And then I feel grateful because the sun is shinning for me,because the stars are twinkling and glimmering right into myroom, and the moon throws occasionally big chunks of her silverat my feet; the children that play in the yard which I passevery morning, hail me with a sincere welcome and walk withme playfully down to the next corner to the car station;The old conductor with gray mustache and kind blue eyes in hiswrinkled face smiles at me when I enter his car and does notobject to my cigarette, even waits for me a half-minute or so ifhe sees me coming down the street.Because the newspaper boy hands me my paper with a broadfriendly grin . . .I give thanks because everybody seems kind and full of compas- sion, everyone of the fellow sufferers.I give thanks because I have been able to dry tears here andthere, to evoke a smile on faces that seemed to have forgottenhow to smile....And then . . .her blue eyes . . .I am glad there is a Thanksgiving Day. On Book Stall Row Guido Bruno. A ND so this, the first number after my removal to Fourth Ave- nue, is the fitting occasion, dear reader, to invite you totake a walk through that part of the city which starts on theextremest boundaries of our village and whose importantavenue leads to the Public Library—that supreme mausoleumof the citizens of the republic of letters; where are laid away,side by side, the remains of those who were worshipped duringlife and forgotten after their death and of those whom no oneknew while they were among us and whose real life beganafter they had written the last page of their message to theworld, a world which has ears now for the dead man's words.Will you come with me and walk for half an hour on thatVia Appia of New York where great men's work is put onshelves and can be viewed by those who feel like worshipping;where artists and writers found a friend who would pleadtheir cause better than the newspaper critic, literary writer andthe art editor. Let us go where the old worshipful buildingof the Astor Library still stands and whose closed shutters,deserted door-ways and stair-cases remind one of that eternaltruth—sic transit gloria mundi! And not long ago—scarcelyeight years—all intellect of New York assembled here on oldAstor Place, in the midst of the old landmarks of a New Yorkof by-gone days. There they worked diligently, and like in abee-hive, gathered the honey to give it to the world. And the world came to take the honey and carried it to newspaperoffices and to magazine editors and used it for nourishing andfor luxurious, dandy dishes and served it to millions as breadand as dessert.And then the palace was built on Fifth Avenue, right in theheart of the city, to receive the remains of the august man ofthe world. The literary free-market, whose centre for barterand exchange had been on Astor Place, moved up to the newcomfortable quarters. Marble and big spaces, lackies in liveryand modern commercial office devices took the places of thegood old home-like library rooms. Railings did not separatethere the reader from the book-shelves and the tables wereworn and ink-spotted; and where the authors of the books, intheir old-fashioned attire, with their grandfather's manners,with their elegance and their "I don't care what you think ofme, world!" seemed so near to us who leaned over their books.But those booksellers—no less lovers of books because theysold them—remained in their shops on Fourth Avenue, in theirbasements and their little shacks with queer displays of bookstalls and advertisements in old hand-writing tacked to theirdoors which seem to belong to another age, which seem to bethe remnants of another school of men. A good many of thoseold friends of the frequenters of the library are gone. Highbuildings are erected where they used to read books and sellthem to you—if you managed to get into their good graces.Don't shake your head incredibly! Yes, such were those oldbooksellers, who treated their books as you would treat yourfriends, and who would introduce you to their friends only ifyou were one with their spirit—if they found in you ''that cer- tain something" which invites lovers of books into a society oflovers of men.Tempora mutantur et nos mutamur in illis! Mr. Edison putthe candle out of use. His electric rails brought space andtime into relations which enable the individual to live a life ofmany interests.Greek and Latin, the old essayists of yore, and the art ofwriting letters are foreign to most of us. To have read yourCaesar and scanned your Homer makes you a scholar for life- time to-day. And to have really read Horace and to havedived into Plato and Aeschylus entitles you to the highest hon- ors newspapers, magazines and the country-at-large have toaward. If you know how to write about these things and howto apply your knowledge so that the magazine editor can haveit illustrated by some imitators of Bruneleschie or Bakst thatyour work can appear serially in an unobjectionable familypaper which is sold in two million copies by boys and girlswho earn in such a way a "liberal education in business col- leges;"—that it can be printed in book form to be bought byall public libraries and Carnegie and college and universitylibraries, and if it has such merits that the music of a Vienneseoperetta composer can be harmoniously combined with thewords, making for a season's Broadway success.Otherwise you have the best chance to starve and to be lookedupon as a queer sort of a chap.A few are left of those old book-dealers who used to dwellon Fourth Avenue and whom book-worms used to persuade topart with this or that precious tome. How those book-sellersdiffered from those of our own times; they knew their Latinand their Greek, they knew not only first editions and standardeditions from the catalogs of auction sales and "Book PricesCurrent" but they knew the contents of the books; they wouldgive an equal chance to the well-known author whom they likedand to the unknown man whose pamphlet they discovered;reading and "discovering" was their chief occupation, sellingbooks a mere incident—a very necessary orl?, of course, butstill an incident only. They all had their hobbies. One wouldbe interested in Mark Twain and would have stored away insome obscure corner of his book-shelves, as the kohinoor of hispossessions, a rare pamphlet unknown to the world, and per- haps autographed by the author himself. Another one wouldbe an enthusist of Poe and would carefully gather precious items and show them to those he really liked—like a king whobestows upon the subject he wishes to honor a high order.Authors and would-be authors found in these dingy shopslit by a flickering gas jet, in the atmosphere of dust and of oldpaper, congenial gathering-places. O. Henry was a well-knownhabitue of the book-shops on Fourth Avenue, and especiallyone situated in a basement to which led rickety wooden stairswas his favorite one. He used to rummage around the Frenchbooks its proprietor kept and ask for translations and explana- tions, but he rarely bought.Did I say a few of those shops are still preserved?—and didI invite you to come along and take a walk on Book StallRow? They are, but don't be disappointed. They all haveelectric lights and cash registers and only far back behind thedust-covered desk of the proprietor—if you succeed in liftingthe business mask from his face—will you find the book-dealerafter your heart, whose face beams because he has succeededin getting this or that rare item. And if you have that "certainsomething" of the book-worm which finds a response in hisheart, he will forget his "Book Prices Current" and he will talkto you just to your heart's delight. And his hands and yourhands will rest on the mutual friend—the book.Here, I said, in these shops, which, if the proprietor has busi- ness genius and progresses with the spirit of the time, will be- come types of the ready-to-order, department-store-like-con- ducted book-stores, are the temporary interment places of lit- er ateurs who are either dead and not yet discovered or whoare alive and therefore not apt to be discovered, or who areboth dead and discovered. But their works have not yet suc- ceeded in bringing high auction prices and therefore are notpjrchased by tne libraries in their palacial mausoleums wherethey will find their final resting-place some day. To theseshops the literateur pilgrimages if he wishes to dispose of hisbooks—not because his shelves or his library are too crowdedbut because he has decided that a meal once in a while willbe highly appreciated by his physical body. Down here tothese basements or to these shacks crowded in by big businessbuildings he creeps stealthily and sells the books of his friends,given him in his better days with their inscriptions of friend- ship. He is ashamed of his act, but landladies have to getrent and Child's has a cash register which'must record everysale of the day, even the most insignificant cup of coffee andthe thinnest cheese sandwich.Here to these shops the literateur, who ventured into thefield of being his own publisher and editor of a short-livedmagazine brings bundles of unsold numbers of his publicationwhich were returned to him with many regrets and the bill for"return charges by the pound" from news-dealers and fromnews companies. The book-store buys them, and a dollar is adollar—even if you have to procure it with five hundred or athousand copies of something you put your greatest hopes upon.No reflection is made upon the bookseller! He gives youmore than you could get anywhere else. What other book- dealer in this city would buy old paper—and it is nothing butold paper so long as "Book Prices Current" doesn't mentionthe magazine's name and its rarity, and therefore, the goodnessof its contents.Here, to these shops, landladies bring the trunks which theydid not permit to leave their premises because the unfortunateowner failed to pay his three dollars per week, and his literaryfuture was too ample a security for her to continue to trust.And how many rejected manuscripts—often rejected becauseof their merit—will be found in that baggage hastily throwntogether by her after she has locked the door upon him! Howmany letters will they contain showing the man in the lightothers saw him and wrote to him what to do and what notto do!Here, to these shops, the unfortunate woman travels if herhusband—the writer or the artist—is sick and doctor bills haveto be paid, and again, that curse of everybody's life—rent billsand board bills.And here finally are sold the wordly possessions of him whohas laid away his pen forever, whom the rent collector for thetypewriter will not bother again. His most-cherished booksand letters from fellow-sufferers on the hard road to literarysuccess and those benevolent lines of those who "got there," hisscrap book and perhaps his diary, to contribute to the receiptsof undertaker and cemetery company. READER, we live in an age where figures are staringin your face wherever you turn. Churches pass the bas- kets ! Charity is standardized after the most efficient businessmethods of the country."Money, I want money!" is written in big, black broad lettersover men and things. Therefore, it is up to you to eliminatemoney wherever you feel it a disturbing element. It is upto you to be the magician who charms away the things thatcan never "disappear" as everybody knows. Don't think of therent and of the bills and of the pay rolls to clerks that thesebooksellers have to pay, but see them as I do back there in thedark corner of their shops—unlighted by electricity, back of apaper-and-dust-covered desk, reading on quiet afternoons andevenings when business is at a standstill and book-buyers donot require their services—reading their favorites, those booksthey will not sell if you are not lucky and strike them at atime when bills are due, when rent has to be paid. Love in Magazine Stories (Alexander Harvey in his "Bang") the melancholy consequences of the commercializa- tion of the short story must be included the degradationof love. Love in its fine and fervent fury is alien to the edi- torial formulas of New York. Love in all its glory is amiracle, love is fantastic. The formula of the New Yorkperiodical tolerates neither the miraculous nor the fantastic.This of itself betrays the imbecility of those who in editorialchairs now lay down law to writers of the short story. I amnot aware that the editor of any important periodical in thiscountry today is himself the author of any significant shortstory on the theme of love.One may read the short stories in every New York periodicalindefinitely without getting evidence that one editor has theleast idea of the nature of love.Knowing his own limitations, although he would not admitthem for the world, the editor usually turns the short storiesover to some woman whose knowledge of love and the humanheart is taken for granted because she does not believe in mar- riage or repeats the catch words of a jargon caught from someman who in her eyes is a great genius. This woman is almostalways the slave of the British literary superstition and hasnever the least doubt of the "greatness" of the "great" Wellsor the "great" Shaw or the great, great Kipling. She thinksshe is "in literature" because she "makes up" pages, telephonesthe printer and, when there is nothing else to do, looks overthe manuscripts that are accumulating about the place.Even when all the short stories are not read by someone ofthis type, they come into the ken of a member of the staff whomust apply the editorial formula supplied by another. It oc- casionally happens that a member of the staff will have toapply the formula with a disregard of literary standards. Theexcuse for this is that the people do not care for literature.Many a swaggering editor here in New York draws a fatsalary on the strength of the fact that he despises literature!While the lady I have mentioned in muddling over themanuscripts of the common herd, the editor himself is in com- munication with the "great" short story writers of America.There are ever so many of these, and identity of the greatestamong them depending upon the application of a formula bya man who can't write a short story. The professional shortstory writers know well that the editors they deal with areincompetent to pronounce judgment on the merits of any lit- erary performance. Writers also know what formulas are.Formulas exclude all that is characteristic of love in itssupreme manifestations.I do not refer at all to an appeal to sex in the physicalsense. I have in mind the element of the fantastic and super- natural in the ecstasy of love itself, the thing the poet meanswhen he talks of passion's essence. A tale of love deals withwhat is so remote from the experience of the editor! Love isthe supreme adventure of which no detail can be too extrava- gant, no hero too intoxicated and no heroine too dramatic. Thebeauty of love's adventure resides often in its tragedy yet noNew York editor can see that a tale in which hero and heroinedie in each other's arms can have a happy ending. It is notnecessarily a happy ending, but is such an ending necessarilyunhappy?Short stories of love are not published, then, because noformula allows love. Caramba Lyrics by O. Henry and Franklin P. Adams Music by A. Baldwin Sloane £ HAVE not yet read Professor Smith's recently published bio- graphy of O. Henry and therefore I cannot know if he hadknowledge of the existence of a musical comedy libretto by O.Henry, or better with O. Henry as collaborator. Many friendsof the dead author whom I have asked about his musical comedyseemed surprised and even the best informed collectors of O.Henry material had heard nothing of his theatrical venture.Some days ago I strolled into Harry Stone's bookshop onFourth Avenue and he showed me several musical parts, evi- dently orchestra voices, all of which bore O. Henry's name inbig red letters, featuring it as composer of the lyrics. Stonealways has a surpise in store. He is not only a bookseller, buthe has outside of his well-developed merchant's instinct an in- clination for research and for discovery. Even in our times ofstrict business he has preserved within himself a love for ad- ventures in the life of an "old book merchant."Many discoveries has he made in the course of his careerthat have thrown a new light upon some authors and theirworks.Among old music sheets in a rag picker's shop he happenedto find the parts of "Carramba." He acquired them for a fewpennies and started instantly his inquiries at the music pub- lishers Harris, who owned the copyrights of the verses re- produced below."Yes," they said, "this musical comedy, was not only writtenbut really rehearsed and O. Henry himself was present at agood many of the rehearsals. The backers of the show were tooslow in securing a playhouse for the opening night. Theyhesitated to sign a contract with the playhouse in which theyrehearsed and one day, shortly before their opening night, theywere notified that the house had been taken and paid for by an- other company for a whole season. It seems that they could notfind another theatre suitable for their requirements so it hap- pened to them, what has wrecked the hopes of a good manyother theatrical companies since: scenery and costumes went intoa storage house, actors and chorus dispersed into all directionsof the compass, the musical parts were sold for old paper....the end of a dream.Mrs. Cesare, daughter of O. Henry, knew that her father hadbeen engaged for a time with the lyrics of a musical comedy andshe also recollected that he had placed considerable hopes uponits success; but she had never seen the work, nor did she knowdetails concerning it.I tried repeatedly to reach Franklin P. Adams, who has be- come since the famous F. P. A. of the Coning Tower, who ascollaborator with O. Henry must know all about this venture.But I was unsuccessful in my attempts. And therefore it willbe up to him to give to the world the real story of O. Henry'smusical comedy and its undoubtedly interesting origin, develop- ment and prenatal death. He will do this in the graceful way socharacteristic of his pen (if he feels inclined to do it at all.)Everyone acquainted with O. Henry's stories will find it aneasy task to recognize which of the lyrics are to be attributedto O. Henry. I am sorry for Franklin P. Adams. There arefifteen songs in all and I doubt that any one of them wouldmake a hit even today. And that is a good deal of condemna- tion if one considers the really modest requirements of a songlyric.But O. Henry knew what Broadway would like. LITTLEOLD MAIN STREET, for instance, seems to be the key to theheart of the average American, the key to O. Henry's success.There are reminiscences of his short stories in these lyrics and hisall-winning humor in almost every line. But poor Franklin P.Adams! How he must chuckle to himself when he reads hisverses again, and when he thinks that he really hoped to "getaway" with them. Caramba Peruna MendooBologna, Cologna, VannillioNorth Western and "C. B. and Q"O, Chile con Carne and PiccoloMazeppa di Buffalo BillSo hurry and drop your nickeloCaramba di Sarsaparill. Love is all that Matters I Jjji audience is generally clamorousFor something in the nature of a waltz,Be it ne'er so senselessIVhere-fore-less and whence-lessBe its logic ne'er so full of faultsJust let its theme and melody be amorous,And let the honey sentiment be plain,If the music's tunefulIf the words are spoonful,Love is all you need in a refrain. II Now I might sing a song of high societyOr I might sing about a lot of things,I might spend the timeOn warbling you a rhymeOn any old thing from Cabbages to Kings.But through an infinite varietyOf themes that I might sing about to youThere is only one thingThough an overdone thingLove, the olden theme, that's always new. Chorus A lilt that softly patters like a summer rain,For love is all that matters in a waltz refrain,A theme that is worn to tatters and an ancient refrainYet love is all that matters in a Waltz refrain. Little Old Main Street I CJINGERS may boast about BroadwayAnd they most generally doSpring all that flowery stuff on the BoweryTake it, I'll stake it to you.Call me a yap if you care toSay I'm a rube or a shine,But give me the streetThat has got them all beatLittle Old Main Street for mine. II Sing if you must of your State Street,Sing of the Bois and the Strand,If you have a new song of The Avenue,Sing it to beat the old band.Sing of the street of the old City.Not for yours truly, Uh, uh!But give me the streetOf the village elite,Little Old Main Street for muh! III Little Old Main Street for mineTake a look at the lovers in line,Three village charmersAnd twenty-eight farmersAll meeting the six-twenty-nine.Little Old Main Street, for mineWhen you are back with the pigs and the kine,Broadway and suchFor your uncle—not much:For its Little Old Main Street for mine. Chorus Little Old Main Street for mineRight down by the Post Office signHear 'em say, "Well,What a long rainy spell,But it looks like tomorrow'd be fine."Little Old Main Street for mineWhere its dead at quarter past nine,See the folks flockPast the Opera House BlockOh, its Little Old Main Street for mine! The servants of God give away Heaven and Helland keep for themselves the Earth. The Pearl Necklace After the German, author unknown, by Guido Bruno. LAUGHING and dancing had she hurried through life; hur- ried out of this world—only twenty-six years old.And now everyone should choose a souvenir of the dead Irene,who had died so suddenly. You should have seen the eyes ofIrene's mother and of her sisters-in-law as Miss Smith askedfor the pearl necklace.Who was this girl? Was she a relative? How could shedare? Who was she anyhow? A friend. No more. Suchan audacity, an unheard of audacity. Perhaps she didn't knowthe value of such a necklace. Ten thousand dollars had beenpaid for it. And that was some time ago, and pearls are al- most worth twice as much now.Why did she want it? Maybe Irene . . . .? No, Irenehad never mentioned it to her.But she would like so very much to have it as a souvenir.She said so very hesitatingly. She flushed as she felt the eyesof all directed at her. Why should it be just the most preciousthing left by the deceased, especially not very suitable for asouvenir because Irene had worn it scarcely once or twice dur- ing the past year. Wouldn't she prefer the ring which hadbeen taken from the dead hand or the earrings. . . .?"Well, Miss Smith," said the husband, /'could I offer you thering with the emerald?" And she replied almost inaudibly,"It is very nice, indeed, but please, could I have the pearlnecklace?" Was she crazy? Something must be the matterwith her. Irene's husband slipped his arm through MissSmith's and led her to the adjoining room."Please, Miss Smith, do tell me, she left it to you?" he askedsadly and imploringly.Big tears came into her eyes. She looked like a frightenedchild and she raised her folded hands."Please do let me have it. Please do."Before he could prevent it she was kneeling on her knees:"Please, please do give it to me.""For mercy's sake, what are you doing? Please get up.Quick, Miss Smith."There was a deep emotion in his very sad voice. They wereso angry, they couldn't speak a word, as he reasoned with MissSmith and said: "Very well, then I shall send the pearls toyour home to-morrow.""I thank you, but perhaps I could take them just as well im- mediately. . ."No, you can't, because there are certain formalities thathave to be looked after.""I thank you," said Miss Smith, and left.The next day, at noon, the husband of dead Irene called onMiss Smith and delivered to her the pearl necklace."It is imitation and you know it.""Yes, she had lost the genuine one and she never had thecourage ""No, my dear Miss Smith, there is no use to try any longer.I found this too among her papers." And he showed her aletter.Miss Smith knows what it contains. It is the thanks ofIrene's friend, whom she had saved from disgrace and jail,the purchase money of her necklace."Yes, thanks for that and for more. . . . Yes, ves. MissSmith."The husband of dead Irene laughed, but his laughter soundedsadder than his crying yesterday. Night on the Beach Stephen J. O'Hara throbbing on the sallow sands;A full moon and Love.Red Love,Passionately thrilling,Like wine in which a hundred summers sleep.* * * * *Stars die, and dawnMounts from an ashen sea.PassionIs spent .... and in my arms reclining,Illusion wakes. To Lucasta By Richard Lovelace (1618-1658) Going to the Warres I 'P'ELL me not, (Sweet,) that I am unkinde,That from the NunnerieOf thy chaste breast and quite mindeTo Warre and Armes I flie. II True: a new Mistresse now I chase,The first Foe in the Field ;And with a stronger Faith embraceA Sword, a Horse, a Shield. III Yet this Inconstancy is suchAs you too shall adore;I could not love thee (Dear) so much,Lov'd I not Honour more. Sonnet I your finger of that Ring,And Crowne mine with' awhile;Now I restore't—Pray, do's it bringBack with it more of soile?Or shines it not as innocent,As honest, as before 'twas lent? II So then inrich me with that Treasure,'Twill but increase your store,And please me (fair one) with that pleasureMust please you still the more.Not to save others is a curseThe blackest, when y'are ne're the worse. Austrian Culture and Austrian Poetry A. W. G. Randall. people, I imagine, who think carefully about the mat- ter, have a good deal of secret affection for Austria. TheAustro-Hungarian Empire may be an intolerable hotch-potch ofnationalities, and the Hapsburg the most oppressive of allrulers, but the Austrians, the gay Vienennese or the men of theTyrol—these are really leisurely, attractive people. There is,of course, an Austrian "culture" much more than there is aGerman "culture." Modern Germany is an upstart nation com- pared with Austria, and like an upstart she is excessively in- dustrious, anxious, feverish—and boorish. She is like a manwho has made a deal of money out of soap; Austria is ratherthe finished aristocrat among nations. Let one of ArthurSchnitzler's little "Anatol" plays represent Vienna to you; youget the impression of a gay, unconcerned people, loose andwicked perhaps, but with polish and not too much feverishindustry or seriousness. No one outside France knows how toturn a compliment so neatly as the characters of these littleplays—which, by the way, should be read, if possible, in theoriginal and not in Granville Barker's adaptation. You willhave the impression that in Austria there is a sense of form andstyle which Germany has indeed begun to acquire, but only ina very external and artificial fashion. Viennese pastries are asymbol, perhaps, of a spiritual fact!But, seriously, Austria can make a very good show in cul- ture and the arts. Schubert and Liszt were Austrian subjectsby birth; so were Smetana and Dvorak. Beethoven and Brahmsdid most of their best work in Vienna. So, in literature, didFriedrich Hebbel. Grillparzer, Anzengruber, Henrich Laube,Hamerling, Ferdinand von Saar, Lenau, Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach—all these considerable poets and dramatists of thenineteenth century were Austrian. So, by the way, was thefamous novelist Peter Rosegger, who would have received theNobel Prize had he not been passed over in favor of Rabin- dranath Tagore. In recent years a great number of the mostprominent German-writing poets and dramatists have beenAustrian. There is the "Prague group," with Rainer MariaRilke at its head, of whom much more must be said later. Thereis the "Jung-Wien group"—Schnitzler, for example, who haswritten such fine prose that the title bestowed on him of "theGerman Maupassant" is scarcely overpraise. He has alsowritten one or two little dramatic masterpieces-; you may thinkof him as another Barrie, though he is much more intense and infinitely less sentimental than the author of "The TwelvePound Look." There is also Hermann Bahr, who has writtenattractive comedies; his "Concert" was seen in London aboutfour years ago, I think. There is lastly Hugo von Hofmanns- thal, wnom every one knows of at least as Richard Strauss'slibrettist. He should be known, too, for his versions of classicaldrama such as "King CEdipus and the Sphinx," for his lyricaldramas such as "The Death of Titian" (1892), "The WhiteFan" (1897), and"The Fool of Death" (1893), where thetradition is mostly Stefan Georg's carried over into a loosedramatic form, and for his poems, which are full of symbolistinfluence conveyed from Mallarme through Georg and the"Blatter fur die Kunst" pioneers. Except for the "GEdipus" and''Electra" there is very little energy and vigor in Hofmannsthal.His dramas are really strings of spoken lyrics; there is verylittle action, only meditation and brooding. His poems arechiefly poems of mood, with an air of mystery, melancholy andincompleteness. He is very nearly related to Maeterlinck.His most noteworthy influence has been the setting of a fashion—in both form and mood—by his "Ballade of Outer Life." Itbegins:And children grow up with deep eyes;They know nothing, they grow up and they die,And all men go their ways.And sour fruits grow into sweet,And fall like dead birds,And lie a few days and then rot.That is all very characteristic; it is too well known to needfurther translation. The fragment, "The Death of Titian," is not so well known. This is a speech near the end:He has waked us from our nightAnd given light and riches to our souls;And shown us how every day's life and movementShould be enjoyed as if it were a play;And taught us to understand the beauty of all forms,And to look into our own lives.Women and flowers and waves of the seaAnd silk, and gold and the glow of bright stones,Lofty bridges and springlike valleysWith fair nymphs by crystal streams;All the things we love to dreamAnd all the glories of our waking hours—Have first received their great beautyAs they passed through his soul."Our life is only a shadow-play," is a line from anotherplay. "The three are one: a man, a thing, a dream" is the lastline of the terza rima lines "Of Transitoriness." These sen- tences sum up Hofmannsthal's mood in his poems and lyricaldramas. His style I am unable, and have not attempted, toconvey. Perfect smoothness and evenness of rhythm is, I shouldsay, his chief characteristic. There are no jerks, no great in- tensities of idea or expression. Practically all the plays, withthe exception of the librettos, were written for performance ina theatre intime or, some of them, not for performance at all.Several are "Puppenspiele"—plays for marionettes which maybe compared with, say, "Interior" or "The Death of Tinta- giles." In the same way Hoymannsthal's verse should be readsoftly in a small, dimly-lighted room. Hugo von Hofmanns- thal is the Maeterlinck of German literature. From the Egoist, London. Books and Magazines of the Week A word to the buyer of "Christmas-Books" THAT books mean really more to the average individual thanhis newspaper or his magazine means to him is indisput- ably evident in these days before Christmas. Reading papersand magazines is a habit and to buy those papers and to lookfor those names which are featured on the covers or on sub- way advertisements is accessory to the habit. But habits arenot friendship. I have always wondered for whom the listsof "the three hundred best Christmas books" or "books mostlyappropriate for Christmas gifts" are compiled. A walk to ouibook stores or through the book rooms of our department storeswill prove that men and women are actually selecting booksfrom these lists as gifts for their beloved.No better gift and no gift that is more intimate can we giveas a token of friendship than a book; but it reminds me of theman who is living in Cairo and leaves his order in Tiffany's tosend presents at Christmas to a list of his friends not to exceedsuch and such an amount, when I think of the man who sendsto his friend a book upon the recommendation of a professionalcompiler of holiday book lists or of the clerk in the store who"knows." To forward to your sweetheart a book which youhave not read, or to lay it under the Christmas tree for yourwife or for your child is synonimous with introducing a strangeras a friend to those who will take him in as your friend ; whowill open to him heart and home, because of the love andesteem they have for you. You are so careful not to identifyyourself in business with the man whom you have not "lookedup," you would not dream of signing a note upon the recom- mendation of an unknown or of cashing the cheque which bearsas signature—a mere name, you will not hesitate to select a bookfrom one of those lists or take for granted the word of the book- store clerk. And how discriminating you are before signing theguest card for a new acquaintance in your club! but a b00k....anything in goodlooking leather binding or with an author'sname which you have heard somewhere, even if you do notknow where, you will accept readily and pass on to those whomyou love bestoOur grand fathers were old-fashioned conservatives. Friend- ships in their days were not closed as easily as today. Butneither were they dissolved as mere incidents. Publishers seventyyears ago were discriminating in their acceptance of new authorsand in the material they printed. They knew that their readerswould use even more discrimination. To read a new book was then an event in a man's life. If a pleasant event, he wouldmake a mental note and when Christmas came or a birthday, hewould purchase another copy and mark pages or passages, hewould express his sentiments on the flyleaf, he would wrap itcarefully and bring it, if possible, himself to its new possessor.We are not living in an age of hand-knitted stockings. Our girlswould laugh at the idea of sewing shirts for their men friends.Even embroidered handkerchiefs are out of fashion. But a bookshould not and cannot lose its soul. It is a live thing that theclerk wraps up for us or sends with a gift card to an indicatedaddress. It was part of a man before he wrote it and it will bepart of another man after he has read it. You or I who bestowthe gift will be responsible for whatever it may mean to ourfriend.Therefore: read the books that you will send as gifts toyour friends. Read them as acquaintances until you know youwish them for your friends. Compare these book-friends withyour friends to whom you wish to introduce them and if youthink that they can be friends too, take upoL you the pleasuresbut also the responsibilities of an introduction.They are right here on my desk, these stepchildren of ourprofessional reviewers of magazines and of books: periodicalspublished by individuals and not by great companies. Thefalling leaves of the Autumn have buried a few of those Iliked the best; others are coming out regularly and the highcost of paper makes them struggle harder than ever for theirexistence. The Little Review Margaret C. Anderson, the courageous and never wearyfighter for freedom in mind and letters in Chicago, who hadtried her publisher's luck for a while in California, announcesher approaching advent into New York. Her "Little Review"for November prints mostly English contributions. Is it becausethey come in without trouble, or can't she really find equallygood things in our own country? Individual magazines haveno right to exist when they have abandoned their original pur- pose. Poetry, the Magazine of Verse Harriet Monroe elaborates in her editorial, "Truth and theParadox" on Mystery, "not the greatness but the littleness oflife." This Paradox of truth is so mysterious in its well-chosen wording that we hope that one of her endowed prize poets willwrite a commentary in free verse upon her theme. Amy Low- ell ! Harriet Monroe has thrown three hundred beautifulwords in your face as a glove of challenge. Do mount yourPegasus and return blow for blow. Defeat her with the imag- ery of your colors. Give her one of your fragile creations ofthat particular brand so strong it would move an elephant andso harmless it would not harm a child. Inwhich The November number is rilled with beautiful impressionsof the Autumn in California whence the editor moved recentlyfrom Detroit. So much enthusiasm is upon its small pages; itis like a draught from that miraculously rejuvenating fountain. Contemporary Verse Its poetry is as bad as a year ago. But the paper, both coverand body of the attractive looking pamphlet continues to be asgood as in its first number. Coleman's Drawings and Paintings Guido Bruno. XAC IL\ two years did it take Glenn 0. Coleman to journeyfrom Greenwich Village and its humble so much attackedGarret to the splendor of an Exhibition Gallery on 47th Streetand Fifth Avenue. His work, characteristic sketches of NewYork buildings, streets and thoroughfares, which appearedin the first issues of ''Greenwich Village" and subsequently veryfrequently in Bruno's Weekly has received the most graciousapproval of the uptown galleries. It is hung on walls de luxesurrounded by the paraphernalia of the uptown picture dealerand guarded by flunkies.I met Coleman some years ago in one of the Village restaur- ants. I had not seen his work then, but I liked the man. Hespoke in terms of utmost disgust of people who make it theirbusiness to encourage art and the endeavors of artists. He wasfilled with the desire to work, to do just those things which hecalled his art. And he had only a sneer for the suggestions ofart editors and magazine editors that he succumb to their ideasand fill their needs."If they do not appreciate my own work," I remember himsaying, "I don't want their money. I am earning my livelihood/'(and he mentioned some work, very realistic work that has noth- ing whatever to do with art which he was doing for a smallsalary in one of the big department stores.) "And I shall con- tinue to do so until some one will understand at what I am aim- ing."Coleman had contributed frequently to The Masses, then theonly journal affording opportunities for self-expression. Buthe abandoned this small group for some reason of his own.Of all the artists that I have met during the past years Cole- man is the only one who has passed the experimental stage,whose art has a positive and dignified individuality. His pic- tures of Greenwich Village, both his pen and ink sketches andhis oil paintings, are the creations of a settled and ripened mindinspired by dreams, dreams that seem to come true in your heartand in mine.His houses have souls, his trees temperament, his people areindividuals detached from all the rest of the world. His paint- ings seem to us delightful companions at the grate fire, in thetwilight of a holiday through which we have rested from thedaily struggles of life and have thrust far away the uglinessesof small annoyances.Coleman's "Rainy Day" reminds us of some rainy afternoonthat we have loved for some reason or other. His portrayal ofthe poorer sections of the city embrace us with the picturesqueness of the old and with the great beauty that may be foundeven in the life of ragged men and women.A quietness hovers over all his paintings. The room in theDaniell Galleries that is given over to Coleman is like a chapelof reverence, of love, of most holy art, amidst the fancifulcreations of morbid imagination, of sensation-lusting colorschemes and of the inane insincere imitations that fill most of theArt Galleries on the Avenue; galleries that are the vestibule tonotoriety, where millionaires dip their pens into the picturedealer's ink-wells before they sign their checks.Coleman has the modesty of the great artist.His pictures have nothing whatever to do with their presentsurroundings. They could hang on the walls of a dungeonhole as well as in the picture gallery of a mansion: They arelike pictures of the saints'. They give to whomsoever wishes to receive.Coleman is one of the few artists who are truly Americanand of whom America may be proud. The Last Hour By Gustave Flaubert {Found among his posthumous papers was this unfinishedstory written 20th January, 1837. Flaubert was then fif- teen years old.)HAD looked at my watch and calculated how much timethere still was left for me to live. I realized I had hardlyone more hour. There is plenty of paper on my desk; plentyto write down hastily all the reminiscences of my life, and tosummarize the circumstances which have influenced this foolishand illogical intercogging of days and nights; of tears and oflaughter; commonly called the existence of man.My room is small and its ceiling is low. My windows areshut tightly. I have carefully filled the keyhole with bread.The coals are starting to kindle; death is approaching. I canexpect it quietly and calmly while I am keeping my eyes allthe time upon the life which vanishes and upon the eternitywhich approaches. I They call that man happy who has at his disposal an incomeof twenty-five thousand francs; who is well built, tall andhandsome, who lives amidst his family, who visits the theatreevery evening, and laughs, drinks, sleeps and eats and digestswell. This opinion is old but therefore not less wrong.As far as I was concerned I had more than twenty-five thou- sand francs income. My family was kind to me; I have beenin almost all the theatres of Europe; I have drunk; I haveslept. Since my birth I never knew the slightest indisposition.I have not a glass eye. I am not lame and I am not hunch- backed .... and I am so happy that I am taking mylife to-day at the age of nineteen. II One day—l was as I remember, ten years old—my motherembraced mc weeping and told me to go out and play underthe chestnut trees that bordered the lawn of the castle. . : .(Oh! how they must have grown since those days!) I went,but as my Lelia did not join me there, I feared she was sickand I went back to the house. Everything was deserted. Bigblack drapery was stretched over the portal of the house; Iwent up to the room of my sister, and then I remembered shehad not been down to play for eight days.I went up to her room. There I met two women who fre- quently had begged at the door of the Castle ; they had some- thing lifeless in their arms covered with a white sheet. . . .that was her!They have often asked me since why I was sad. III That was her! My sister! Oh, how long and bitter it was!The two black-coated women laid the body in my sister's bed.They strewed flowers over it; sprinkled it with holy water, andlater, while the sun was throwing his last reddish rays into theroom, which were lustreless like the eyes of a corpse and afterthe day had expired. At the window panes thev lighted twosmall candles on a little table next to the bed. They kneltdown and asked me to pray as they did.I prayed; oh! so sincerely and as ardently as I could. Butnothing happened—Lelia did not move! I knelt there for along time, m&gt; head resting upon the moist cold sheet of thebed. I cried, but quietly and without fear. I believed that ifI could mediate, if I could cry, if I could rend my soul withprayer and wTith vows, there would be granted to me a look ora motion of this body of misty form, where was indicated ahead and farther down, the feet. I poor believing child, hadfaith enough to think that my prayers would bring to life acorpse, so gieat was my belief and so great was my harmless- ness. There is a certain kind of damned educatedbeasts who think that the soul begins to have a rightto endure pain where the struggles for daily breadend. At the Sign of the Green WitchMeals of Peculiar Excellency Served a LaCarte and Table D'HoteLuncheon from 11 to 3. Dinner, 6p. m.to8 p. m. Afternoon Tea Service.Managed by Ella Whitney Gould49 East 10th Street New York Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare askedto become Subscribers 6340 SPRING 80 WASHINGTON SQUARENEWTON MERRILLEXPERT IN INTERIOR DECORATIONS Bernard Shaw, the sincerest and most brutally frankcritic of English letters, wrote after reading FrankHarris* OSCAR WILDE'S LIFE AND CONFESSIONSa profuse letter of appreciation to Frank Harris, andput his own reminiscences of Oscar Wilde, a story ofthe length of thirty thousand words, at the author'sdisposal.Bernard Shaw closes his letter to Frank Harris:This biography of yours has wiped out all other bio-graphies.Frank Harris has only a very few copies left of thetwo editions of his book.Book collectors and admirers of Oscar Wilde realizedquickly the significance of the work and this book,once out of print, will be counted among the pricelessdreams of a book-lover.Write for a prospectus and you may yet have achance to buy it for the publisher's original price often or twenty dollars respectively.BRUNO'S WEEKLY, Inc.No. 10 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y. At THE NEW ROMA RESTAURANT of health whereyou eat first class and quality of Italian and American cook-ing at moderate prices, a la Carte, run by the well knownPETER ROMA, nothing will be neglected with the bedtattention to everybody. Everything is brand new and sani-tary. Dancing every Saturday and Sunday. Grand Hall forBanquets, Weddings, etc.P. ROMA, Manager87-89 Macdougal St., cor. Bleecker St., first floorTelephone Spring 1324 Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the past twenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.for catalgoue and send one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from a public gravedigger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. 14 Stories by Maupassant,F#r 35 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations incolor by Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff darkgreen paper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) NewYork, M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems, Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books. OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One •/ the original 500 copies printed.This book, written by Oscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew York R. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED