Bruno's Weekly 2 18 April 29nd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-04-29_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 18 Untitled Image Illustration 1 The proof that liberty is the'divine ideal of Alphonse de Lamartine cre 3 Les Confidences: Being the Confessions of a Self-made American Guido Bruno cre 3-9 Some Personal Recollections of Greenwich Village Euphemia M. Olcott cre 9-10 From an old English Chap Book Illustration 11 Quantum Mutata Oscar Wilde cre 11 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 12 Replated Platitudes Cat's Paw cre 12 Impressions of Ziegfield's Midnight Frolics—from the Balcony. By Eastman Illustration 13 The Sorrow of a Little Violet G. B cre 13-14 Two Things by Cat's Paw 14-15 I Wonder? Tom Sleeper cre 15 Tom Sleeper Likes This But Doesn't Know Its Authorship 15 The Poet—from an old English Chap Book Illustration 16 A Modest Bard Swam Into Our Kennel Nelson Gardner cre 16-17 An Episode in the Life of a Suffragette 17-18 Adultery Guido Bruno cre 18 Clara Tice. Illustration 18 From the collection of Patrick Madigan Illustration 19 Eight Thoughts of Suicide Martin Brown cre 20 Honore d' Balzac. By Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 21 The Last Petit Souper (Greenwich Village in the Air—Ahem!) Djuna Barnes cre 21-26 Russian Ballet. By Djuna Barnes Illustration 22 Drawing. By Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 23 Drawing. By Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 25 GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ON WASHINGTON SQUARE 27 Being a List of Publications Issued by Kim Since his Arrival in Greenwich Village, Which is Situated in the Heart of New York City. Illustration 27 BRUNO CHAP BOOKS EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ON WASHINGTON SQUARE 28-30 Bruno's Garret and Its Story 31-32 BRUNO'S GARRET Catalogues of Exhibits 33 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 33 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 34 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 34 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 34 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents April 29th, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright April 29th. 1916. Origin*! matter, including alldrawing*, may not be reproduced without permission of GuideBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit is given toauthor and Bruno's Weekly. READ BRUNO'S WEEKLYand if you think fifty-two issuesare worth two dollars 1 will beglad to count you among mysubscribersGuido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 18. APRIL 29th,„ MCMXVI. - Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office vof NewTork, N. Y., October 14th, 19 15. under the Act of Manft3d, 1879. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO CHAP BOOKSBOUND IN BOARDSVOLUME I, $2.50VOLUME 11. $2.00 BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Alphonse de Lamartine The proof that liberty is the'divine ideal ofman, is that she is the first dream of youth, andthat she does not fade from our soul until ourheart is withered and our mind either debasedor discouraged. There is not a soul twentyyears old that is not republican. There is nota decayed heart that is not servile. Les Confidences: Being the Confessionsof a Self-made American Guido Bruno (This article was written shortly after the Lusitania incidentand appeared in Greenwich Village, the semi-monthly forerunnerof Bruno''s Weekly.)IN the solitude of my garret have I thought about all thisbusiness that is setting aflame with barbaric rage one worldand creating uneasiness, constraining personal liberty andsowing the seeds of hatred among brothers in the other.And because I am an American citizen, and because I thankthe belligerent countries for some of the best and mostessential-things of my life, I feel that I must voice thesethoughts of my solitude and tell them to you, who were bornand raised in America, and who might better understand afterthis, and to you who are citizens as I am by your own choice,but who perhaps had never time or inclination or the intuitionto think about it all.Well do I remember the day on which I resolved to makethis country my own. It was nearly a year after my arrivalin the United States. I had just finished reading the writingsof Abraham Lincoln. I wanted to be a citizen of the countrythis man had lived and worked and finally died for.Hero worship! But how I would wish to be as youngagain! My ideals carried me with uncurtailed wings highabove all material matters—above disappointments not sparedto any of us, and all those little disasters which are part ofour lives.I had admired Alexander the Great; Napoleon had beenmy ideal for years. Power, strength, determination of will,making other people do what he thought was best for them,—that had impressed me. To read the lives of these men, tostudy their methods and their actions brought me elevationand gave me ambition. Being the product of a monarchistic system, raised in anatmosphere of discipline, of castes and of traditions, I wasto be deeply impressed with the European Republic—withFrance. Liberte! Egalite! Fraternite!I searched for it in France and I could not find it. MaybeI was too young in those days; maybe I was not able to *translate the ideal into existing conditions. Maybe I wasconsidering life as it was more than as it had been plannedto be.And I became a cynic; I lost my belief in real things. Iwanted to live my own life outside of the community of menwhom I did not trust, who seemed to me egotists, sailingunder a false flag of idealistic endeavors. Too deeply rooted- in me was my early education of respect for laws and regula- tions .to do anything desperate, or to join the groups of thedissatisfied, of men who call themselves betterers of humanity,and whom humanity calls outlaws, parasites or reformers.And so I decided to live my own life in the "New World,"to think as I wanted to think, to believe what I wished to be- lieve, not to know anything of government, not to be a partof a system. As work which should furnish me with thenecessities of life, I chose hard menial labor. Work thatanybody could do who had strength and physical ability,where there were no questions asked, no contracts made. Icame in the morning and received my pay in the evening, ifI wished to. If I didn't like the work, I could quit it. Andwhile I was working to earn my room and board, my thoughtswere my own. And never in my life did I feel freer than inthose days in which I had exchanged my pen for a shovel.I frequented the libraries. In my work clothes I strolledin, asked for any book I wished to read. Can you recollectthe red tape you have to go through if you ask for a bookin the library in France, in Germany or in Italy? Not thebig tragedies of life made for unhappiness, but the small,little annoyances spoil for us the pleasure of enjoying thisworld."I do the very best I know how, the very best I can, andmean to keep doing so 'til the end. If the end brings me outall right, what is said against me won't amount to anything."These are the words of Lincoln, uttered at a time when heseemed entangled in a labyrinth of political complications.I read his life, I read everything I could find about him,about his contemporaries, and now after more than fiftyyears have elapsed since his tragic death, these words ofhis have proven true. He had been far above the criticismof his time; he had seen only one goal for his life, one pathleading to this goal, and he walked-this path. He saw theambushes; he anticipated the stones which would be hurledat him from behind, but he walked on. He had one life andthe only vocation of his was to live that life of his. His words—and his words were his life—showed me what thiscountry meant to the world, what America had been andwas for all nations, for all races.so I stood there before the clerk in a western city anddesired to make my application for American citizenship.It was a formality of a couple of minutes. I glanced overthe slip of paper he handed me. There it stood, black onwhite, glaring into my face, that I had to renounce thesovereign, the prince whose subject I then was.There are moments in the life of every human being whenhis brain works with a hurrifying alacrity. Thoughts, mem- ories, vivid pictures of scenes that have left an everlastingimpression shoot through the brain in terrifying quick suc- cession. They follow one another, covering as long astretch of years as our conscious and unconscious memorygoes back in our lives. It happened there to me. In theclerk's office while I was looking at the disinterested faceof the man who wanted me to raise my hand and repeat theoath and to be done with me. I saw myself as a young boysinging patriotic songs. I saw myself as a youth in uniformwith unsheathed sword swearing an oath of allegiance tomy king. How terrible that oath was! "During day andnight," the oath reads, "in water and on land, in peace andwar, will I follow his leadership, will Ibe loyal to him. Evenagainst my father and my brothers will I be loyal to him."And then I thought how I had been educated at his ex- pense, being a beneficiary of a stipendium, how I had tothank him indirectly for my college and for my universityeducation. And I thought of my father and of his fatherand of all of my ancestors, and I thought of my brothers whowore his coat and spent their lives in his service, and all thisI thought in less than a minute, and I told the clerk that Iwould come back on another day to sign my declaration ofintention.I do not take myself more seriously than is necessary inorder to be taken seriously by others. I always hated cere- monies and climaxes of any kind, but on that day I felt some- thing that I never had felt before. I felt I was giving birthto myself. Instead of doing as I had done so often in ques- tions of importance, to wait until the moment presenteditself and then act, I decided to have it out with myself.A man who wanted to live his own life, a man who couldnot give himself up to the narrowness of his surroundings,who was willing to give up everything, to sacrifice the fruitswhich long years of study and a professional training wouldhave brought him, because he could not accept certain tradi- tions and convictions—an iron ring around his head and anuntransgressable wall enclosing his ambitions—must havethe ability to forget, to erase out of mind completely whathas been. Or the thoughts what could have been will come and torture him and make him regret and kill him.For years I had not thought. I felt a stranger in my ownpast, as I was sitting there in my dark little hall room think- ing of my allegiance to my king whom I had to abrogatein order to become an American citizen.A TEACHER paid by him or by the government whoseearthly impersonation he is, had taught me to read andto write. His schools gave me a military training and themilitary discipline taught me that great lesson millions ofour brother citizens seem never to have learned: To keep mymouth shut and obey orders.That was about all that I wanted to say thanks for to thecountry of my birth. I came to this conclusion after I hadguided my thoughts through twenty-three years of my life.I surprised myself at musings of sympathy and of pity formany of those who had been associates of my youth. Whilemy country gave me education, I had to go to othercountries for food to sustain my real self. I had to go tothe philosophers of Germany, I had to go to the poets andartists of France, I had to go to the singers and musiciansof Italy and to the dramatists of England for all those'essential things that make my real life worth living. Andthen I recollected those months that I had spent in this newcountry of my choice. I remembered how nobody asked mequestions, how nobody put obstacles in my way, how every- body seemed to take me for granted, looking into my eyesand sizing me up as the man I seemed to be.I summed up the impressions I had received during mystay in the United States. The streets of New York loomedup in my mind. I saw the Italian selling his Italian wares,the German the products of his country, the French thespecialties of France, I saw Norwegian and Swedish skippers,I saw the ghetto with its typical life, I saw the Armenianwith his carpets and I saw the Greek and the Turk and theSpaniard; in the Metropolitan Opera House there was Ger- man and Italian and French opera. The book stores wereladen with the Anglicised literature of the world. Themuseums bore witness of everything beautiful that had everbeen created in any part of the world at any age. The mostremarkable, the most useful, the most beneficial things ofthe universe were brought here, put to the disposal of, an- nexed and assimilated by the American. And the Americanhimself had come once from one of these countries and hadtaken possession of all that he found and had given inexchange for,all that he had.He had come as I did.And I realized that to be American means to be cosmopolitan.To be cosmopolitan means to be big, to be high abovesmall hatred and petty jealousy and ill-directed ambition.It means to be a brother to mankind, a fellow-builder to thisworld.While I had felt the laws of every country that I had lived in constraining personal liberty of the individual, Isaw them here apparently made for the protection and forthe benefit of the citizen. I was young in those davs!A PESSIMIST, he who has given up hope, turns easily intoan enthusiast. Over there in my own country by notcomplying with the average requirements of that particularclass to whom I belonged by birth and among whom to livewould have been my fate I hardly could have done anythingwith my life. I always would have been the apostate.Here all paths seemed to me open to any goal I mightset for myself. I had just finished reading the writings ofLincoln and I felt that everybody could do things in thiscountry. People would consider the merit of things doneand would not ask, "Who is he—why did he do it?"I felt they would give me a chance.And how I wanted a chance!And then I thought what I would do with my life. I de- cided to stay here - for good, to make America my owncountry. And then and there I bade farewell to the past,to my king and to my country.I became an enthusiast again. I wanted to give everythingso as to be worthy to receive. I went uo to that clerk'soffice on one of the next days and made tabula rasa. I sworeoff an allegiance which had become sham without flesh andwithout blood.came and years passed. I found that there was a vastdifference between a Lincoln and the lives of AmericansI was confronted with every day. I found that not every- thing is gold that-shines. The enthusiasm cleared away likeclouds—beautiful clouds, dreamy, rose-colored clouds, butnever did I miss the silver lining.I know America from East to West and from North toSouth. I know its people, those wonderful people who tillthe soil, who raise cattle, who mine hundreds of yards be- neath the surface; I know the people of the city who workand scheme and labor and slave. I know the rich who hadmore at the day of their birth than an average human beingcould ever earn in three-score years: I know those wonderfulgeniuses who moulded their lives to their own desires, andI know the unfortunates who await on park benches thedawn of a new day of misery.J KNOW this country, with the beauty of Italy, the romanceof Spain and of Switzerland, with the marshes and pas- tures of France and of Germany. And the people are big- minded and big-hearted; they are dreamers but builders,lovers of the beautiful but utilizers of beauty; everything thatis fit to survive—everything that was created to last foreveris a part of this United States. It is the cosmopolis as awhole and in its smallest village. INEVITABLY will there arise in every community which,through individual vote, expresses its individualism by theelection of one leader, the occasion when he will have to actas the supreme executive. The President of the United Statesis the leader of every citizen. At a time of crisis he has toshoulder the gravest responsibility that ever burdened ahuman being. He has to think, he has to come to conclusionswhich mean life and death to thousands, to millions of thosewho look up to. him with trust and with confidence.Would you call an American a loyal American citizen whointerferes with his President while he is meditating thegravest problem perhaps ever to be solved by a President ofthe United States? Can he be called an American citizenwho forgets his oath of allegiance to this country—be itacquired by birth or by his own free choice—and tries bymeans that can be called either "making use of his right offree speech" or open vulgar treason to interfere with thehighest executive who alone can act, who alone must act andwho alone will be responsible to posterity for the occurrencesduring his administration?Be it good or be it bad, be it wise or be it hasty, be itpeace-bringing, or involving us in a disastrous war, like oneman we must stand back of him whom we have chosen to beour President—in the time of crisis our leader.Wf- the descendants of all nations of the world, feel todaybetter than ever that to be American means to be cosmo- politan. And while we rage against this nation or that nationwe forget above all the most vital thing in life: good taste.We, who are brother citizens of the descendants of all nations,cannot, now or ever in the future, speak ill of any nationwithout hurting the feelings of a descendant of that nationwho breathes our American air and who may be sitting atour table.The decision of our President must be final with us.America does not know military conscription, but everybodyis expected to be a soldier in time of need. A bad soldieris he who discusses the possible actions of his leader aheadof their event. And a failure in life is he who complains andmumbles and talks even after he realizes that his choice ofleader was not the wisest. The individual ceases to have anown will and an own opinion if he is bound by his oath andby the honor of his manhood to follow one leader. Acoward is he who resigns in the last second, who is notwilling to sacrifice his individual convictions and evenconscience for his country.There are no hyphenated citizens. There are citizens andno citizens. J-JYPOCRISY it is to hoist the American flag and at the.same time incite hatred against nations. Just as cosmo- politan as the United States are, just as cosmopolitan as itspeople is—and therefore truly American, the American flagis the highest and supermost symbol of the universal loveof the kindred of men. Abolished is the distinction of races;Black be the body of a man or white, as long as he has awhite soul he is one of us. And white are the stripes, nextto the red, red as the blood that pulsates in the veins ofeverything that is alive, of everything that is created andmight find its way to the hospitable shores of the land ofliberty. And the dome of blue arches above all of us inall parts of both hemispheres and the stars are there, thosekind benevolent eyes of eternity which follow us whereverwe go, that bring peace to our hearts and hope and beauty,if we only lift our eyes to find them.And because everjr. one of the belligerent countries gaveme an essential part of my life, and because I lived in all ofthem, and because I claimed the United States as my own,and because I am looking to our President as to my leaderand to the United States as my just claimant, I feel that tobe an American means to be cosmopolitan. Some Personal Recollections of Green- wich Village By Euphemia M. Olcott back yard—about 40 x 60 feet—contained a peach tree,an apricot tree and a grape vine. These bore plentifullyand our peaches took a prize one year at the American In- stitute Fair. We also had beautiful roses and many otherflowers. From one back window we could look up to Fif- teenth Street and Sixth Avenue, where a frame Lutheranchurch stood, the singing of whose hymns we could distinctlyhear on Sunday afternoons. The frame church was replacedby a stone one, but that was long since swept away by theonrush of business. Where the armory now stands, there wasa marble yard, and it was one of our pleasures to pick up bitsof the marble and use them for sharpening the then necessarybut now obsolete slate-pencil. Just above Fourteenth Streeton the west side of Sixth Avenue was a plot of ground, sur- rounded by a high wooden fence—and in this was a buildingfrom which I first learned the French word "creche." It was,of course, a day nursery and we used to stop at the fence andwatch the little tots whose blue-checked gingham aprons Ican still see. Ours was a neighbourhood of young marriedpeople with constantly increasing families—the news of "anew baby at our house" being frequently heralded. We allknew each other and played together in the little court-yards,on the balconies or on the front stoops. Paper doll families experienced all the vicissitudes of our own families, pin wheelsat certain seasons were exposed on the balconies and soldfor pins, small fairs were gotten up for charities, valentineswere exchanged, and when the great revival of 1857-8 surgedthrough the city, there were neighborhood children's prayermeetings held from house to house. When more active pur- suits were craved, there was always opportunity to jump therope or roll the hoople, and several of us achieved the coveteddistinction of running entirely round the block through SixthAvenue to Fourteenth Street, thence to Seventh Avenue andback to Thirteenth Street without letting the hoople drop.Farther afield was Union Square, to which our nurses ac- companied us—a high fence surrounded it and dogs were ex- cluded. I do not recall any pump there, but in"The ParadeGround" (Washington Square) I frequently turned at thepump and quenched my thirst from the public tin cup withoutfears of germs or any disastrous results. In my grandfather'sbackyard at Fourth and Mercer Streets there was also apump—and to this day I do not understand physics wellenough to know why was poured a dipper full of water intothe pump before we could draw any, but we were always re- warded with a copious flow.Fourteenth Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues I haveseen with three sets of buildings—first, shanties near SixthAvenue from the rear of which it was rumored a bogey wouldbe likely to pursue and kidnap us. I remember the man fromwhom we fled; he was a chimmey sweep of somewhat fierceaspect, but I doubt extremely that he had any maliciouspropensities. These shanties were followed by fine brown- stone residences, and at the corners of Fifth Avenue lived Mr.I. M. Halsted, who had a garden, Mr. Myndert Van Schank,chief engineer for years of the Croton Aqueduct, Mr. MosesN. Grinnell, and Mr. Hemming, and perhaps earlier, Mr. Suf- fern. Some of these, however, I think came when there hadceased to be a village. Later on came business into Four- teenth Street—but I am passing the village period and gettinginto the time of the Civil War. I must not begin on thosememories for they would never end, and there was no longerany Greenwich Village.The old days were good, but I believe in every step of pro- gress, and in spite of din and roar in spite of crowds, in spiteof the foreign population crowding into what long continuedto be the American section of the city, I still lift my head withSt. Paul and say, "I am the citizen of no mean city." From an old English Chap Book Quantum Mutata Oscar Wilde THERE was a time in Europe long ago,When no man died for freedom anywhereBut England's lion leaping from its lairLaid hands on the oppressor! it was soWhile England could a great Republic show.Witness the men of Piedmont, chiefest careOf Cromwell, when with impotent despairThe Pontiff in his painted porticoTrembled before our stern ambassadors.How comes it then that from such high estateWe have thus fallen, save that LuxuryWith barren merchandise piles up the gateWhere nobler thoughts and deeds should enter by;Else might we still be Milton's heritors. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Kummel 'T'HY acrid fumes my laggard sense excite.There's war and wrangle hidden in thy heartThat make one's breast with expectation start,Eager to seek armed enemies to smite.Thy savor is a danger and delight,For those of valorous souls, the favorite art,Thy fire with all mine own becomes a part,I yearn to battle madly for the right.And so far Ukraines' snowy steppes I seePale, shackled Poles to far Siberia led,Torn from the gentle pleasance of their homes,And then I yearn to hasten and to freeTheir hands, and trample upon Cossack dead,Beneath the shade of Nijuis' golden domes 1 Benedictine DORN in the cloistral solitude and gloomOf gray La Trappes and monasteries drear,Distilled between the matin mass austereAnd drearier Vespers, thou dost humbly bloom.The damp, chill crypts a lighter guise assume,And, with thy soothing perfume, disappearGrim thoughts of death and of diurnal fearWhile rosy glamours hover o'er the tomb!And when I sip thy cloying sweets, they bringA faith, not wholly lost, unto my heart;I trust again the twitter of the birds;Sweet voices as of angels to me sing,And strengthened, holier, I can live apart,Finding new beauty in the Savior's words. Replated Platitudes Cat's Paw To be different from others is a rather hard burden to carryon the path of life, but it is also the one only pleasure.Crowns are not being made to order; the head has to fit.Morals are mostly a product of the fear of one's own self.We do not worship the Golden Calf any more. It hasbecome in the meantime a nice prize ox.Whosoever's duty it is to preach to be good should be inconstant fear of losing his' bread if his listeners should takehis advice. Impressions of Ziegfield's Midnight Frolics—from the Balcony.By Eastman The Sorrow of a Little Violet G. B. CONNOISEUR of the real and the beautiful strolledthrough the pleasances of his gardens on a sunny Spring- afternoon. The tender grass had been daring and the littleblades were sticking out of the brown earth crumbs here andthere and reminded one of the scarce yellow feathers of re- cently born geese. Bushes and trees were still naked andlooked rather sordid towards the placid blue heaven. Ahandful of highly polished leaves stood close together at theknotty root of an old and white-branched tree. They lookedlike remnants of last year's summer glory. There stemswere short; they had the shape of a heart and they almost'lay on the dark withered moss.The trained eyes of the connoiseur detected somethingbeautiful right beneath, or among those old unpleasant look- ing leaves. He stopped, he bent over, and lo! he had brokena violet; the first one perhaps of the year. The beautifu(llittle head bowed down modestly; it was deep blue, won- derful like the deep blue eyes of one true woman. Hecaressed it. He took it home. Busy were the servants of,his household for the rest of the afternoon. In the sunniest window, a wonderfully chiselled silver receptacle was placed.Vases scented with rare and costly odors from still rarerand mystic flowers of the Orient were prepared for its bath.Two slaves were in constant attendance to look after thecomfort and the needs of the newcomer.The little violet was tired. It closed its leaves for a longrestful night. Early in the morning, almost with the firstrays of the new sun, the connoiseur came to the little violet.It lay there in its receptacle filled with perfumed waters. Itseemd sad, so sad."Dear little violet" cried the connoiseur, and took it inhis hands and fondled it and covered its little leaves witfrkisses, "Are you not happy in your new home?""Yes" but this answer sounded like the manifestation ofutter despair and hopelessness."Did I not provide for you the most wonderful part of myhouse? Did I not give you the rarest perfumes for yourbath? Did I not send the most skilled among my servantsto look after your needs? What is it I overlooked, my dearlittle violet? There is no wish on earth that I will not makecome true for you the instant you name it."There was no answer from the violet. And the silence washeavy. The little golden rays danced merrily upon the silvervases and gold receptacles. The violet did not answer yet."Or is it because I broke you, and you are full of regret?""No not that;" whispered the violet and its little headdrooped down deep on its stem."I am sad because I never can be broken again." Two Things by Cat's Paw Noses Noses may be divided into four classes—thus: Grecian:denoting amiability of disposition, equanimity of temper, im- agination, patience in labour, and resignation in tribulation,—-Roman: imperiousness, courage, presence of mind, choler,nobleness of heart. Cat or Tiger: cunning deceit, revenge,obstinacy, and selfishness. Pug: imbecility of mind, and in- decision of character. Of three of these, there are innumer- able grades—the Grecian descends to the pug—the Romanto the aquiline—but the cat or tiger is suit generis. TheGrecian nose is most conspicuous in quiet scenes of life—inthe study. The Roman, in spirit-stirring scenes—in war.Men of science often, and of imagination always, have theGrecian nose. Daring soldiers and fearless adventurers gen- erally have the Roman. Every one knows what a pug is.We need not enter into any particulars of it—nature formsher thousands of them, and we regard them not.—The Cat orTiger nose: Whoever has the least imagination will readilyconceive what we mean by this definition; it is a long, flat- tish nose, not unlike that of the animals from whom wehave borrowed the name. Avoid men with such noses—theyare deceitful friends and dangerous enemies, whenever it suitstheir whim or interest! Genius, Talent, Cleverness Genius rushes like a whirlwind. Talent marches like acavalcade of heavy men and heavy horses. Cleverness skimslike a swallow in a summer evening, with a sharp, shrillnote, and a sudden turning. The man of genius dwells withmen and with nature; the man of talent in his study; but theclever fellow dances here, there, and everywhere, like abutterfly in a hurricane, striking everything and enjoyingnothing, but too light to be dashed to pieces. The man oftalent will attack theories—the clever man assails the indi- vidual, and slanders private character; but the man of geniusdespises both; he heeds none, he fears none, he lives in him- self, shrouded in the consciousness of his own strength—heinterferes with none, and walks forth an example that "eaglesfly alone—they are but sheep that herd together." It is true,that should a poisonous worm cross his path, he may treadit under foot; should a cur snarl at him, he may chastise it;but he will not, cannot, attack privacy of another. Clevermen verses, men of talent write prose, but the man .ofgenius writes poetry. I Wonder? Tom Sleeper THERE are many books written about the stars. And inthese books are strange bewildering stories of illimitablespace—of burning suns and double suns—of swirling nebulaeand cold dead worlds. Of darkness and of prodigious speed.And as I stand gazing up into the star dust of the MilkyWay, I wonder if they are true—all these stories about theVatican. Tom Sleeper Likes This But Doesn't Know Its Authorship \IFE 'S little ills annoyed meIVhen those little ills were fewAnd the one fly in the ointmentPut me in an awful stewBut experience has taught meThe little good to prizeAnd I joy to find "some" ointmentIn my little pot of flies The Poet—from an old English Chap Book A Modest Bard Swam Into Our Kennel Nelson Gardner The following manifesto was delivered in person by its signer,at the Garret. He was armed with several blank verse dramasand one hundred and twenty stanzas of nine lines each of a lyricpoem. The promise to print his manifesto quietened the ire ofhis self-glorification and.he now expects someone to take upthe glove of challenge. Whom will it be who will listen for one1hour to the recitation of this man who says he is greater thanShakespeare? Bruno's Weekly was not prepared for the unexpectedultimatum and therefore we had to agree upon a modus vivendi.And so then, dear reader, here it is.Dear Sir:—Denied in narrow places, I appeal to a world more wide.I have written an Indian epic poem comprising over six thou- sand rhymed lines. Were this work placed before the im- partial public, men no more would lament the decline ofpoetry, for here is the greatest song of love and war thatever was composed, but in seeking a publisher I offer pearlsin vain.Likewise have I written several blank verse dramas of anexcellence never before approached in the new world, norever altogether equalled anywhere, as far at least, as poeticstyle is concerned, for as master of the classic style I surpasseven Shakespeare himself.As some slight evidence of the power I claim, I submitfrom a lyric poem containing one hundred and twenty stanzas,the following:—"When after many mediocre years,By reigning scribes and Pharisees made mean,The poet that is prophet too appears,Through guise most humble is his glory seen:Not proud is his approach, nor yet serene,But like a martyr, bleeding doth he march ,With only heaven for triumphal arch,» Till high as Calvary he dares to climb,Where sorrow makes his utterance sublime."I am prepared to appear before any gathering of literaryauthorities and prove in one hour's reading that a poet of thehighest rank now is living, but never do I expect, to be ac- corded such slight favor as that.Bitterly it reflects upon prevailing conditions, when verseso transcendental must be advertised in manner so apparentlyblatant. For this, will the pharisees that long have rejectedmy work themselves be judged anon.They that have denied me would have mocked the Son ofMary; would have crowned with thorns the King. An Episode in the Life of a Suffragette jQHE boarded a very crowded train. A gentleman got upand with a smile and a few kind words offered her hisseat. She knocked his hat off and exclaimed:"How dare you! Am I not your equal? I wish to be treat- ed exactly like a man! Do you understand me, you fool?"In the revolving door of the dining room in which she de- sired to take her dinner she collided with a young gentleman,who stepped back to let her pass."Please, ladies first," he said, trying to give the revolvingdoor a push. Quicker than a flash she hit him in the middleof the face and knocked out five of his teeth."I am no lady!" she screamed. "I am a human being, justas you are yourself!"The gentleman was very angry, called a policeman and hadher arrested.In the Tombs she smashed everything in the woman's cell where she was placed, and assaulted violently three guards."I don't want to be brought to a woman's cell," she hol- lered until she could be heard in the remotest corner of theprison. "I am the equal of any man here. I demand to beplaced in a man's cell!"After she had raved in such a manner and created a lot ofdisturbance she was condemned to solitary confinement. Shehad to be put into a straight jacket to prevent her fromhurting herself. Her diet was reduced to bread and water.And then she started to cry and to scream:"Such is the bestiality of men who are masters of the regu- tions. In such a detestable way they abuse the weak sex!I am a lady, and I request to be treated like a lady!" Adultery Guido Bruno WASHINGTON SQUARE. A bench near the Garibaldimonument. Mamie and Tom are playing. Mamie hasher wooden doll in an old cigar box. She plays with littleTom, "father and mother." The doll is their child. TenderlyMamie hugs the doll in her arms. Tom, the father, has toleave them. He has to go out into the world. He has_ toearn a living. He has to bring food to mother and child.Tom passes through the Washington Arch. He crosses thestreet and walks towards Macdougal Alley. On the door- step of one of the first houses stands Mary. Mary, the chi'dof the lady with the big, black auto.Mary walks towards Tom. She shows him her big, beauti- ful doll, with its blonde curls of real hair, and blue eyes thatopen and close automatically, a doll with a human face. Aface that looks like his little baby sister. And then she showshim the carriage, a real baby carriage, with silk curtains andsoft pillows.And Tom plays "father and mother" with little Mary.Mamie is still sitting on the bench near the Garibaldi monu- ment, rocking her baby and waiting patiently for Tom. Thefather does not come back. And she takes her cigar box andher wooden doll and moves to a bench in the most remotecorner of Washington Square South.Mamie starts to cry heart-breakingly. Clara Tice. From the collection of Patrick Madigan Eight Thoughts of Suicide By Martin Brown A sad-looking gentleman with glowing black eyes, very palecomplexion, attired in a black broadcloth suit which contrastedvividly &lt;wth his unusually glaring white linen, 'walked into theGarret a few days ago. He did not say a word by way of greet- ing, and his monotonous voice sounded so inhuman that I paid theutmost attention to his monologue. He mentioned off hand hisname and that he had been an actor for some past years. Suicideseemed all the interest he had in life. Monotonous ai the ever- murmuring creek, without the slightest movement of face or body,he made me acquainted with the most intricate ways of committingsuicide. Only the theoretical practise of suicide and its reflectionupon ethics, eternal beauty, emotions created in the suicide candi- date as well as in those he leaves behind, seemed to interest him»Elaborate were his studies and the cyclus of eight poems which hecalled "Thoughts of Suicide" because they are not accomplishedfacts yet, he laid down on my table neatly typewritten and tiedwith a black ribbon.Two thoughts on Suicide in each issue are sufficient for each ofmy readers, I concluded. Hanging HTHE rope feels raw and rough on my neckIt may be too long—what a horrible thingTo find that my feet could reach down to the groundAnd stay my wild choking, my strangling swing.And then—ah that moment between life and deathThat terrible breathless drop into blank space,That moment before the rope tightens and breaksThe thread of my life. With my eyes on your faceWith your name on my lips, with your voice in my heartCan I do it?—my trembling foot stumbles and slips—Yes, the curtain is down—I have finished my part. A Razor A RAZOR is horribly commonplace, yetI want to be something she cannot forget.I want them to scream and to shudder away,Their hearts stop—their faces with terror turn greyWhen they find what I've done with this silvery knife.When they see the red ooze that was lately my life.It will not hurt much—see this cut in my handFirst a tiny red streak, then a dripping red band.I know what I'm doing—l'll sharpen it, there,To hell with the world it has not played me fair. 'They will call me insane, among other nice thingsBut of course I'm insane what else? God, how it stings. Honore d' Balzac. By Aubrey Beardsley The Last Petit Souper (Greenwich Village in the Air—Ahem!) By Djuna Barnes I HAVE often, been amused, perhaps because I have notlooked upon them with a benign as well as a conscien- tious glance,—to observe what are termed "Characters" goingthrough the city and into some favorite cafe for tea.The proletariat drinks his brew as a matter of pure reason,how differently does our dilettante drink.He is conscious of the tea growing; he perceives it quiver- ing in the sun. He knows when it died,-—its death pangsare beating like wings upon his palate. He feels it is its most unconscious moment, when succumbing to the court- ship of scalding waters. He thrills ever so lightly to itslast, and by far its most glorious pain,—when its life bloodquickens the liquid with incomparable amber, and passes inhigh pomp down the passage of his throat.I am not prepared to say that the one gets nothing out of his cup and the other all, I say only, what a dreary worldthis would be were it not for those charming dabblers. Howbarren and how dull becomes mere specialization. Howmuch do we owe to those of us who can flutter and find decorative joy in fluttering away this small alloted hour.Content with color, perfume and imported accents; and ac- companied by a family skeleton made of nothing less amus- ing than jade.The public—or in other words that part of ourselves thatwe are ashamed of—always turns up the lip when a dilettanteis mentioned, all in a patriotic attempt to remain faithful tothat little home in the fifties with its wax flowers, its narrowrockers and its localisms, and above all, to that mother whoseadvice was always as correct as it was harmful.There are three characters that I can always picture tomyself. Let us call them Vermouth, Absinthe and Yvette,the last a girlish name ordinarily associated with a drinktransmitting purely masculine impulses.Vermouth I used to see sitting over a cold and lonely cupof French coffee, between ten and eleven of the morning,marking him, at once, above a position and beneath despair.With him he always carried a heavy blonde cane and apair of yellow gloves.He would stare, for long minutes together, at the coloredsquares of the window, entirely forgetful of fact thathe could not look out. Undoubtedly he was seeing every- thing a glass could reveal, and much more.Sometimes damson jam would appear beside the solitarypot and the French rolls, proving, in all probability, thatsomeone had admired and carried off some slight "trifle,"composed, written or painted in that simple hour of inspira- tion.He was never unhappy in a sad way, indeed he seemedsingularly and supremely happy, though often beset withpains, and sustaining himself with his cane as he went out.If he was sad, one thing alone betrayed it: that quicksharp movement of the head, given only to those specialchildren of Nature,—the sparrow who cannot rest but mustfly, and the mortal who cannot fly, and is therefore con- demned to rest. i . 1Then there was Yvette and Absinthe. Yvette had hisGod in his hip pocket. It was unrolled on every occasion,and when it was at last uncovered, it turned out to be merelya "Mon Dieu, my dear!" whereat it was quickly rolled upagain, only to come popping out as quickly, like a refrain,to do battle with Vermouth's patient "Lieber Gott!"Yvette's coat was neatly shaped, frayed but decidedlygentile. It possessed a sort of indefinite reluctance aboutadmitting itself passe. It had what must be called—skirts,and Yvette's legs swung imperially beneath them, as thetongue of the Liberty Bell beneath its historical metal.A soft felt hat was held in a hand sporting several uncutstones, standing in relation to jewelry, as free verse to poetry.As he passed, one caught the odor of something intricate,such as struggles from between the pattern of an Indian in- cense burner. And lastly, there came with Yvette, the nowfamous silver wattled cane.This cane was tall, alert and partial. It was to him whatthe stem is to the flower. It enhanced as well as sustainedhis bloom, while he meant to life what the candle means tothe nun.Absinthe was like this cane, tall, energetic, but acutely pale.He seemed composed of plaster, his lips alone animate andstartlingly scarlet. He spoke with that distinct English ac- cent heard only in America.He had a habit of laying his hands upon his face, presum- ably-for the same reason ferns are laid beside roses.The nails of these hands were long; longer than Japan hadever thrust beneath the cuticle of any native Yellow Jacket,—and they were silvered or gilded with gold.There are moments in the lives of all of us, or shall I saysome of us, that must be lived in French. As these gentle- men had all passed through that stage, dust could, as a con- sequence, be discovered upon their discourse, they passedeach other the snuff boxes-of-their thoughts as though theyhad been antiques, each statement was as carefully preserved.In other words they valued that hour. These men summed up all those little alien things that intheir mother country are merely the dialect of the phyique,nor were these men ever so pleased with themselves as whenthey were recollecting. ; /Yvette had the most unmistakeable traces of foreign so- journs of the three; that unconscious product of a consciousprogramme.He was a leopard who had chosen his own particular spots,and this is perhaps, that difference between we callourselves, and those other odd ones, who extend their travelsbeyond ours, on into the mental world, on a journey of so- called non-reason.Yvette was feminine, he could not only look the part, heacted girlish in much that he did. Yet one should have ad- mired him instead of ridiculing him, for it gave him the easeto say:"But my dear fellow, you make a grave mistake. Germanwomen are not fat. they are merely plentiful," or his "Ah me,I miss the reputations of the boulevards far more than theirrealities."Vermouth would smile and answer:—"Yes, yes, I know, but just imagine living in a countrywhere one can have miscarriages by telephone and bruises bytelegraph."Thus one saw how inscrutable Vermouth had grown alongwith Absinthe. Together they had spent too many hourscontemplating a black tasseled curtain, perhaps because ofwhat it contained or because of what it concealed.He contended that his head was forever in the clouds. Toprove it, he ordered chocolate ice cream and tea, and this attwelve at night. For it is a theory of our dilettante, thatbad dinners make profound diners, and there he was.And here also am I, at the identical point that I wantedto reach—the twelve o'clock souper and its significance.In the most profound and religious moments of the philo- sopher Marcus Aurelius, he came to this conclusion, thateach day should be treated as the last.And there is the secret of the dilettante.He is always about to pass through that incomparablehour, the hour before and the hour after the supper that mayprove the last. And so it is that he, dreaming his dreams,making a liquer of his tears to be drunk upon this last andholiest occasion, has discovered that little something thatmakes the difference between him and the you, who haveordered supplies home for a week.And I, who have been in the presence of this thing, havelearned to understand. Russian Ballet. By Djuna Barnes Drawing. By Aubrey Beardsley Drawing. By Aubrey Beardsley GUIDO BRUNOIN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUARE Being a List of Publications Issued by Kim Since his Arrival inGreenwich Village, Which is Situated in the Heart of New YorkCity. BRUNO CHAP BOOKS EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUARE No. 1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WildeThe first American reprint of one of the mostwonderful poems of the author $ .25No. 2. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, my true amanuensis since my arrival inGreenwich Village and faithful keeper of the Garret,whenever the crude necessity of life urges me toleave that peaceful seclusion on the Square to makea pilgrimage to the palaces of the publishers of pop- ular magazines and to Newspaper Row, in order todispose of some of the children of my pen. He passesthe white elephant unremarked, but writes an essayon the mosquito's neck and the rhythm of his littlewings before he stings and annoys . .25No. 3. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg1 s Mushrooms are recognized poetry.The Mushroom stands for a simple expression ofthought in simple musical rhythm. Mr. Kreymborgis one man who speaks to his fellow-men—just to theone who might find in four or six simple lines ofrhythm the revelation of the rhythm and the harmonyof his own simple life 25No. 4. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown: - ~ -25No. 5. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde.25No. 6. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno.25No. 7. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg.25No. 8. Vignettes by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three chief gifts: skill indramatic narration—a sense of situation, a lively feel- ing for the value and interpretation of gesture,posture, circumstance; secondly, analytic skill in theconception and presentation of character; thirdly, de- scriptive and pictorial power, readiness of vision,with a faculty of sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897 .50No. 9. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japanese mother,of a burgomaster's son from Mecklenburg, the onlyEuropean state without a Constitution, and thedaughter of a ronin, a roving soldier of Old Japan.Sadakichi is much more Japanese than German. Hisstyle is extravagant but suave. Some of his shortstories are as excessive and intense as Poe's, on strictly..realistic lines. The utmost bounds of expression arereached, even his originality is aggressive 25%No. 10. Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido Bruno.25No. 11. Edna, the Girl of the Street, by Alfred KreymborgCause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none .25No. 12. Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, he selectedthread after thread and up loomed those wonderfulpictures before my eyes, creations of simple words,dipped in red blood, tinted by the golden sun, formedand shaped by hands who know the labors a7id painsof millions scented with good-will towards everybodyand emitted with pure love 15No. 13. Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno.50No. 14. The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno.50No. 15. Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand; ~And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yelloiv Orchid" .15No. 16. Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the English Imagiststells all about Imagism and its aims. This paper deals a severe blow to all imitators and producers ofvers libre who think themselves poets of the "ne&lt;wgroup" because they don't write in rhyme .25No. 17. Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique, the Beautyof Unpunctuality: an Essay and Three Poems.There was a time when Lord Alfred Douglaswould have laughed at the idea that he would writea book explaining away his friendship with OscarWilde. As editor of "The Spirit Lamp," a magazinepublished by James. Thornton, High Street, Oxford,and edited by Lord Alfred Douglas, he seemed to bea diligent imitator of his friend Oscar. He imitatedhis style in prose and in poetry. Whenever he re- ceived a contribution from Oscar Wilde it was themain and leading feature of the issue 25No. 18. Sadakichi Hartmann—Permanent Peace: Is It aDream ?.25No. 19. Charles Kains-Jackson—John Addington Symonds: APortraitThe life-long friend of the English poet gives avivid picture of the personality and life and life-workof Symonds. This essay was written a few days afterthe death of Symonds, on the 19th of April, 1893, andwas first published in the Quarto a since forgottenliterary periodical of England, in 1897 .25No. 20. Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Women—BRhythms and 5 Drawings.25No. Z\. Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks.25No. 22. H. Thompson Rich—Lumps of Clay—l 6 Rhythms.25No. 23. D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-dayMusings.25No. 24. H. Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—l 7 War Poems.25No. 25. Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Religion, abibliography.50No. 26. Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat V.50No. 27. Mushrooms, by ICreymborg.50No. 28. Oscar Wilde: Impressions of America.50 Bruno's Garret and Its Story I am sitting here, in these old time-worn rooms,whose floors seem even more rickety, whose ceilingsappear even lower than before the fire, that mercifully wantedto assist Father Time, but did not succeed, in destroyingprematurely this oldest of all the houses in Greenwich Vil- lage.And now the landlord has put a roof over my head, mademinor repairs here and there, and if the winds do not blowtoo wildly and the snow does not fall too heavily, I will besafe until the mild spring winds usher in friend summer.It is a real garret and be it not the quaintest in New York,surely it is down here in Greenwich Village.The little shack which at present shelters Bruno's Weekly,Bruno Chap Books and myself, is nearly one hundred yearsold. It was the tool-house of a city undertaker, the residenceof Governor Lucius Robinson and a stage-house where thestage-coaches stopped and waited until the mail was deliv- ered and new mail taken on, it was a road-house where peopleused to come to spend their Sunday afternoons, and then inquick succession, it was a saloon and an inn.In the same rooms where a city undertaker prepared thebodies of the city's poor for their last resting-place on Wash- mgton Square, then Potfer's Field, where a Governor livedand held splendid receptions, where weary travelers found anight s lodging before they continued their journey towardsAlbany, I am sitting and writing these lines by the light ofan old kerosene oil lamp. It is Sunday. The lawns on theSquare are covered with mud, mud that had intended to besnow, will soon be soft green and the trees budding withnew life. The population of little Italy, back on Third street,is taking its weekly airing at the feet of their beloved Gari- baldi on the Square, the buses bring joy riders from the farnorth points of the city; and I think—how wonderful is life.From 1789 to 1823 Washington Square was a potter's field—where the fountains, Washington's Memorial Arch, asphalt- ed walks and the homes of many aristocrats stand, the poorestof the poor of our city were once buried in nameless gravesby the thousands.Number 58 Washington Square, the corner of West ThirdStreet, formerly Amity Street, an old time fashionable thor- oughfare, is the most forlorn looking two-story frame build- ing that can be found in Greater New York. It saw its bestdays when the horse-drawn street cars were in vogue.Historians of Manhattan Island have known that Wash- ington Square in its early years, was the burial field of thepoorest of the city. But no chronicler has ever told the nameof the grave-digger. Hidden away in the records of the TitleGuarantee &amp; Trust Company is his name, Daniel Magie. Andmore than the name is the interesting fact that in 1819 hepurchased from John Ireland, one of the big merchants, thecorner plot, now 58 Washington Square South, 21 x 80 feet,the same dimensions to-day. For this little plot $500 waspaid, and there very likely, Mr. Megie built a wooden shack,where he could keep his wooden tools and sleep. The potter's field had formerly been on Union Square. Alittle before 1819 the latter was fitted up more appropriatelyas a park, and the potter's burying ground moved westwardto Washington Square, then an out-of-the-way part of thecity. For three years Daniel Megie held the official positionof keeper of the potter's field, and as such his name appearsin the directories of 1819, 1820 and 1821. Then the square wasabandoned as a burial place and the potter's field movednorthward again to Bryant Park. Mr. Megie by this changeevidently lost his job, for in 1821 he sold his WashingtonSquare corner to Joseph Dean, and two years later the lattersold it for $850. It was about ten years later before pricesshowed any great advance. Then fashion captured the park,and, despite the enormous growth northward, the aroma offashion still permeates the square, and the fine old fashionedhouses on the north side continue to be occupied by someof the first families of the city.It is a singular fact and one that the old real estate rec- ords do not explain, that this our corner was never fullyimproved. It is still covered for its depth of eighty feet withtwo-story wooden buildings, the corner being an ice creamstore, and they present a decidedly incongruous appearanceby the side of the fine old houses adjoining.Tradition in the neighborhood states that these woodenbuildings were once a tavern and one of the stage headquar- ters in the days of the early stage lines. In 1825, Alfred S.Pell, of the well known family, bought the plot for $1,000. In1850 his heirs sold it to Frederick E. Richards and he trans- ferred it Peter Gilsey in 1897 for $9,100. In 1867 John deRuyter bought it for $14,650, and then Samuel McCreeryacquired it in 1882 Tor $13,500—showing a lower valuation.Early in the past century, John Ireland, who sold the cor- ner to the grave-digger, owned the entire plot of about 100feet front on the square, extending through to Third Street,then known as Amity Street. The fifty foot plot adjoiningthe corner is now occupied by two fine old houses similar inarchitecture to those on the north side of the square. Eachcover a twenty-five foot lot, being 59 and 60 WashingtonSquare, respectively. The latter is known as the Angelseaand has for years been a home for artists. The plot at 59 wasalso sold in 1819 by John Ireland for $500 to James Sedge- berg, a drayman, and it included the use of the 19 foot alley- way on Thompson Street, now covered by a three story brickhouse. James N. Cobb, a commission merchant, got theproperty with the house in 1842, and kept it until 1881, whenhis executors sold it to Samuel McCreery. BRUNO'S GARRET Catalogues of Exhibits Clara Tice (7 Plates) TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY-EIGHT DRAW- INGS BY CLARA TICE expressing her own concep- tion of the follies and frolits of her contemporaries{male and female.) Tacked, from the tenth until thetwentieth day of May, 1915, on the walls of BRUNO'SGARRET, situated at 58 Washington Square, oppositethe Bus Station .75Bernhardt Wall (8 Plates)York has its new romancer. Another O.Henry is among us. A man who conveys to us the'life of the four million, who shows us the NewYorker as he is, as he lives and loves', at his work.O. Henry, the unsurpassed master of observation, ofobservation from among those that he observes, cre- ates pictures in vivid colors with his words. Bern- hardt Wall tells us stories, stories that never couldbe told in words, in his etchings ,50Book-Plates with Nudes (17 Plates).75■ ACarlton Waugh—Women and Minxes.27 QUAINT AND ODD BOOKSANCIENT AND RARE FASHION PLATES, BOOK PLATESAND BOOKS ON BOOK PLATES.IN BRUNO'S GARRET, 58- Washington Square.Collectors are invited. BRUNO'S WEEKLYPublished by Charles Edison, son of the Inventor, andedited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on WashingtonSquare.%MUSIC, DRAMA, HISTORY, LITERATURE, ARTDRAWINGS.YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION, TWO DOLLARS.Sample Copy Upon Request. THE MEXICAN BOARDERA POEM BY CHARLES EDISON250 Copies Printedat 27 Cents Each. ACCOMPANY EACH ORDER WITH CHEQUE;SMALL AMOUNTS, IN ONE-CENT STAMPS.GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSISxtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooZla for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for those who hare not aocess to tkbest book marts. Why not begin collecting now 7Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. 1 BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookINWH I C H&lt;we say just what iue think. Published every month by Norman-BetGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It it a littlebook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'sSons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates forCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street New York City Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno, Manager 4This Week's PerformancesThursday, 8:45 p. m. Musical©Friday, 8:45 p. in. MusicaleSaturday, 8:45 p. m. MusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. CIRCULATING LIBRARY OF FRENCH NOVELSEUREKA BOOK SHOP15 Bible HouseAstor Place, Cor. 3rd Ave., New York. Facing Cooper UnionBOOKLOVERS AND COLLECTORS ARE WELCOME 64?ddeBooKisof themost uniqueP&amp;pers everPublished - Per Copy, |(KW Rmes-32-/? BooK of Verse -25*Carl H. Emmons- 3f/ W46 SL, NewYorft^7/f.y There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with onrcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison