Bruno's Weekly 3 4 July 8th MCMXVI naaq_1916-07-08_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Beata Solitude Ernest Dow son cre 3 If Francis Joseph of Austria Should Die? Guido Bruno cre 3-6 Francis Joseph I Illustration 4 My Favorite Murder AMBROSE BIERCE cre 6-7 Down Thompson Street Illustration 6 To Fourteenth Street Tarleton Winchester cre 7 Our War With Mexico Elbert Hubbard cre 8 A Last Word Ernest Dowson cre 8 The Grandmother Armin T. Wegner cre 8 Tom and Mary were seated at the nursery table with! 8 Drawing by Fritz Schnitzler Illustration 8 At Child's Tracey H. Lewis cre 8 The Ugliness of Sin Hubert Crackanthorp cre 9 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 9 A few days ago I was walking up Fifth Avenue and Jack cre 9 Love Child James Waldo Fawcett cre 9 Poetess—From an Old English Chap Book Illustration 9 WHEN I die Dimond Crisp cre 9 The Art of Will Rothenstein W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 10-12 Robert Bridges Illustration 10 Bernard Shaw Illustration 11 Thomas Hardy Illustration 11 The Leper Charles Gorham Barney, Jr cre 12 Books and Magazines of the Week Jeanne D'Orge cre 13 In Our Village 14-16 Dominic. One of our "benchers." Illustration 14 Mother, child and dog Illustration 14 Let's talk about it later Illustration 15 Washington Square Idyll: "Shine em up, boss" Illustration 15 We Fear no Hell After Travelling awhile on Earth E. F. Mylius cre 16-18 A few illustrations by Clara Tice for last year's Thimble Theatre programmes. Illustration 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY ONEHUNDREDDOLLARSFOR THESTORY OFYOURMARRIAGE EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents July Bth, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright by Guido Bruno, July Bth, 1916. Original matter,including all drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage l' 'Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall not!use your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City. Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of themarriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 4 JULY 8th, MCMXVI Vol. Ill Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Copyrighted by Ambrose Bierce BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY' BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Bttlson, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 88 Wash- ington Square, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897.a '• * Beata Solitude Ernest Dow son rJ IHAT land of Silence* Where pale stars shineOn apple-blossomAnd devo-drenched vine.Is yours and mine?The silent valleyThat woe will find,Where all the voicesOf humankindAre left behind.• There all forgetting,Forgotten quite,We voill repose us,With our delightHid out of sight.The world forsaken,And out of mindHonour and labour,We shall not findThe stars unkind.And men shall travail,And laugh and voeep;But voe have vistasOf gods asleep,With dreams as deep.A land of Silence,Where |&gt;ale stars shineOn apple-blossomsAnd devo-drenched vine,Be yours and mine! If Francis Joseph of Austria ShouldDie? Guido Bruno. Francis Joseph I HP HE rather scarce and never concrete war reports aboutoperations of the Austrian armies contained a yearago rumors of desertions "en masse" of Austrian soldiersin the fighting lines, rumors of demoralizing revolts inthis or that army corps, Germany's doubts as to the re- liability of her ally's armies and the supposedly enforcedsubstitution of Austrian soldiers by German regiments inthe fortresses of Galicia and of Poland. Winston Church- ill, of the British Admiralty, once said in an official state- ment: "The greatest feature in the course of the presentwar will be the collapse of Austria as a militalry factor."He asserted "this collapse appears to be irreparable" andthat "it will be a tremendous event in the history of theworld." Who are these Austrian soldiers supposedly desertingtheir flag on the battlefields? Is a revolt in the mobilizedlines of the oldest and once strongest of all Europeanarmies possible? \If these questions were put before the most loyal Aus- trian he would hesitate a while with his answer, and finallysay: "No, never—never as long as Emporer Francis Josephlives." If you succeeded in gaining his confidence, hemight add "But once he closes his eyes, who knows whatwill happen." And he will have told you the slogan ofthree generations of dissatisfied Austrians that are con- stantly revolting against the administration of theirGovernment.The link that holds together the polyglot nations of theAustrians empire is the genuine love of their Emperor,by all his subjects. His strict adherence to the best in thetraditions of Hapsburg rulers has brought him nearerto the hearts of all his people than any Austrian em- peror has been. They have been disappointed in theirGovernment and its failure to fulfill its promises manytimes during the past sixty years; the national feeling hasbeen wounded and revolts have occurred that seemed totake on the aspect of revolutions, but never has therebeen a time that the masses could not be controlled by amessage from their beloved emperor. Their thought hasever been "We cannot add this further trial to the alreadyhard lot of our ruler."The many rumors about the death of Francis Joseph,and, after their official denial, the suspicion he mighthave died and his. death hidden for political reasons, wasperhaps responsible for the reported disorders in the Aus- trian army. Loyalty to Francis Joseph and Austrianpatriotism are one. Every Austrian is, as President Wil- son would say, a hyphenated citizen. He is an Austrian-German or an Austrian-Bohemian or an Austrian-Servianor an Austrian-Hungarian. Nearly every crown land ofthe Empire represents a nation, a nation that was inde- pendent in the past; had its own rulers, and whose politicalaspirations have never died. Bohemian independents claimto have a right to elect their own king. Dalmatians holdevery year a national convention to remind the citizens ofthe ancient kingdom that they chose of their own free willa Hapsburg as their ancient king and protector.The Italians in the Alpine provinces and on the Adriaticsea look with longing eyes to the opposite shores of theblue Adriatic. They are bound to live a double life—the official life that compels them to use the officiallanguage whenever they approach the Government,whenever they exercise their constitutional rights as Aus- trian subjects. And they live a private life. Wheneverthey dare to let fall the mask they speak their ownlanguage. They have politics of their own; politics thatare in contrast with those they are compelled to take activepart in. They all know that it will come "some time"to "something." This "something" means revolution;revolution against everything that they, their fathers, andeven their grandfathers, had to suffer; paying enormous taxes without receiving the attention every Governmentshould pay in its own interest to its supporters. Againstdry bureaucracy which is the real executive power inAustria, and finally against their old and severestgrievance. Their children cannot study in schools con- ducted in their own national language. They are forcedto use German, the official language, whenever they appealto the courts of their own country. Their newspapersand periodicals are under constant surveillance, and thejudgment of the censors offends in many cases deeplyrooted national feelings. Francis Joseph speaks Bohemian, he speaks Croatian,Italian and Polish and all the other languages. When- ever he traveled in previous years he did not fail to makeuse of his knowledge of languages in the different coun- tries of his empire. He had a fine understanding for thenational feelings of his people. They felt he sympathizedwith them and that he had a sincere desire to further theircause so far as he could. They understood, judging fromtheir own lives, the double role he was compelled to playall his life, that he was hampered by bad councilors fromthe second he ascended the throne of his ancestors as ayouth of eighteen: that he was hampered in followinghis own clear judgment and in leading the people of bisempire to a safe economical and political port.The terrible persecutions by Fate that had made thepath of his own life far thornier and harder to walk uponthan that of the least of his subjects won him the sympa- thies of all. They postponed that "some time" of theirhope for a national life of their own until the day whentheir action would not heap new sorrow upon the headof their revered emperor.The state of affairs in Austria-Hungarian monarchywill be about the same as in the year 1848, shortly afterFerdinand I. had abdicated and Francis Joseph had be- come ruler. Bohemians and Slavs in all parts of the em- pire revolted against German despotism. The Polishpopulation sought to realize their never dispelled dreamof a new independent Poland. The Italian inhabitantsof the southern provinces revolted. Every big city, beinga polyglot centre, was turned into a battlefield. Battleswere fought in the streets, and even in corridors of housesoccupied by tenants of different nationalities. The armyproved insufficient, as the sympathies of the soldiers pre- vented them from shooting down their brothers fightingfor independence, for rights and for ideas that were heldby themselves.Promises made to the different nations gradually paci- fied them. The young emperor's bravery on the Italianbattlefields won him the love of all. He was the besteducated prince the Hapsburg dynasty ever had put for- ward. He was the hope of all nations and of all politicalparties of his empire. Bismarck himself, after paying avisit to Austria's capital in the year 1852, reported inBerlin: "The personality of the young emperor impressesme very highly and favorably. He speaks very enthu- siastically about the reforms he intends to introduce inhis empire, and the holy fire burns in his eyes when hetalks about the peace and the prosperity his subjects willenjoy henceforth. He is open, straightforward, and thereseems no hesitation in whatever statement he makes. Theearnest desire to fulfill his mission is that of a ripened man,and makes one almost forget his extreme youth."An excellent judge was the Iron Chancellor of FrancisJoseph, as well as of all the other men of his period. Itwas at this time that bad councilors prevented the youngemperor, as in all those long years of his reign, fromfollowing his impulse to do the right thing on the spurof the moment and win back the "Holy German Empire."Austria's Balkan and Oriental politics were the cause ofthe downfall of her predominating influence among thegreat Powers of the world and of the poverty of both herGovernment and her people. Instead of realizing the gradually increasing power of little Prussia, marchingwith big steps to the leadership of the German Confedera- tion that rightfully belonged to Austria, she was tangledup with the Bulgarians and Rumanians, helped the Rus- sians against the Turks, put burdensome taxes upon herpeople, neglected the education and social uplift of hermasses, and kept the Slav element purposely in darkestignorance.A constitution was granted. But, while the people dis- cussed the vital problems of their countries and while theirdelegates considered ways and means of building up a newAustria with a healthy administration, bureaucracy was" ruling the country. Men who occupied the high execu- tive offices were self-sufficient, made their, own politics,influenced the Emperor to ratify their decisions, and kepty out of touch with the millions that were producing thebread of the country and waiting so impatiently for relief.Sixty long years the Austrian-Hungarian monarchy ex- hausted her resources in men and money keeping to her* questionable Balkan policy. Through her insincere actionsshe incited all the peoples in her boundaries to revolt thatoften required real military campaigns for suppression.For instance, in the year 1907 the Bohemians had losttheir patience. Prague, the capital, was in a state ofsiege. • Fighting in the streets lasted for days; manyhundreds were killed and wounded. It was on this oc- casion that the Austrian Government learned how uselessit was to support her policies wi|h the guns of her soldiers.True enough, they followed the command. They marchedagainst their brothers who had revolted. They loadedtheir guns and directed them against the barricades andagainst the citizens, but they shot in the air, and it was* necessary to send German and Italian regiments to Bo- hemia to do the fighting.This crisis passed over, as many others. Love of FrancisJoseph proved again the talisman of Austrian patriotismAustria's intercession in the Balkan crisis in 1912brought her one step nearer to her collapse. She re- quested a revision of the peace treaties of Bucharest infavor of Bulgaria. This action was imprudent. Fromthis time dates an estrangement in the German and Aus- trian relationship. After the project had to be given up.Austria's excuse was, as ever, that there were "vital in- terests of the monarchy involved."Austria wanted to disturb the peace of her millions ofinhabitants for the sake of adding Kotschana and Ischtipto the possessions of the Bulgarians. What did the na- tions of Austria care if these two places, whose existencefew had ever known of before, belonged to Servia or Bul- garia? And this occurred at a time when Austria facedan economical crisis and peace only could restore sane liv- f ing conditions. The times required work for the masses,an increase in salary for the Government employees, anda reduction of taxes.The Austrian army has always been known as a bodyof brave and daring men, loyal to the last drop of bloodto its leader, the Hapsburg prince. The year 1866, withits Bohemian calamities, showed clearly that the Austrianforces lacked well trained and far-seeing leaders."Tradition first," is an old Austrian principle, andwhoever wanted to break tradition and give the Austrianpeople the benefit of progress was not wanted in an in- fluential position. It is not true that the princes of the imperial house did not take interest in the welfare of theircountry or that they were degraded.There is Crown Prince Rudolph, one of the mosttalented, best educated men of his time. His unhappymarriage to a woman he did not love, who made his lifeunendurable with petty jealousies, dragging their privateaffairs constantly before the public, was used by his ad- versaries to blacken his character and his intentions. Thetruth is he was highly advanced in his ideas. He was afriend of all popular reforms. The people had startedto look up to him as a newly arisen liberator of theircountry. Under the pseudonym "An Austrian" he hadwritten a book called "Austria in Her Twelfth Hour."It showed the sincere intentions and the determinationsof the Crown Prince to bring about sane conditions in hispaternal empire. Shortly after the book was publishedofficial chicanery drove him to resignation from officiallife. Archduke Johann Salvator, the best friend of theCrown Prince, later known as Johann Orth, also a veryable man, resigned, together with the Crown Prince, andeven abdicated all his titles, which meant nothing to himwithout the opportunity of living up to them. Not lessthan nine members of the imperial family, all men whohad occupied high positions in the army, resigned titlesand honors and positions to live their own private lives,without the necessity of keeping up a dual existence.The regiments of the Austrian army are known asItalian or German, Bohemian or Dalmatian, Croatian orHungarian. Men are compelled to use German givingcommands and making reports. They serve three years,but they do not forget their nationality, and there is noother common national feeling developed among the ranksof the army as the common love for their emperor. Thebanner carried before them, with its black and yellowcolors, stands for Francis Joseph and not for the nation.Whea they were used to supress revolt, in Austria, Ger- man regiments suppressed revolts in Bohemian countries,Croatian regiments helped to pacify German revolts, andso on. The national feeling of the soldiers and thedesire of the Government supported each other and theresult was satisfactory.But now they are at the boundaries of their country,fighting Russian and Italian forces—officially allies of theGerman Kaiser. The support of Austrian arms meansvery much to the German war forces. In case they meetwith defeat, Austrian territory will furnish the battlefieldsfor German encounters with their Slav foes and saveGerman soil from devastation and the Germans at homefrom the cruel experiences of war.Germany knows what it can expect from its Austrianconfederate. It knows that as long as Emperor FrancisJoseph lives his troops will be loyal to him to the lastman. Rumors of his death have been circulated. Whocan blame Germans if they are cautiously trying to garri- son important fortresses with their own men at a timewhen the Austrian banners might any moment cease tobe the symbol of their patriotism, of their national honor,"Francis Joseph."He is living in Vienna, in the same regular manner asduring the last fifty years/ He works from early in themorning, with very little interruption, until sunset. Hedoes not permit himself to be ill. He is subject to theiron duty he calls his mission in life. The few pleasures he had' in life he had to give up because of failing health.He misses his beloved cigars, and often does he visit theimperial stables, holding mute conversation with his oldsaddle horses, which he can no longer ride. Surroundedby the Austrian court, there is no man living more simplywithin the boundaries of his empire.Unaccompanied does he walk in the public parks ofVienna, speaking in the dialect of the people to an ewoman or to an old man, or he pats the blond head of alittle tot that crosses his path.Everybody in his empire knows the one affair of hisheart, knows that he was an ardent admirer of CatherinaScratt, the Sarah Bernhardt of Vienna. Catherina Schratthas grown old and wrinkled, but the love in her heart forFrancis Joseph is the same as of yore. The people of theresidence are never scandalized about this affair. Theycall him, good-naturedly, Mr. Schratt, and, as he usedto wear a colonel's uniform while visiting his sweetheart,they called him Colonel Schratt. Colonel Schratt theoctogenarian visits to-day, as of yore, his sweetheart everyevening in her modest little home. They are just likea plain old couple. Frau Schratt in a motherly way putsa shawl around the Emperor's neck on a cold winter nightbefore he returns to his palace, and he enjoys a good mealshe prepares for him. Catherina Schratt, who kept herstage name after her marriage to an Austrian diplomat,Baron von Kisch, gives the Emperor the happiness andcontent which he never could find in the midst of his fam- ily or in the midst of his Ministers. His subjects arehappy with and for the Emperor, and they even transfera part of their affection to Frau Schratt.The final curtain will lower itself sooner or later overthis idyll. The inevitable will happen. The Emperorwill die. Will there be a revolt not only in the armies,but all over the boundaries of the empire? My Favorite Murder By AMBROSE BIERCE Down Thompson Street Having murdered my mother under circumstances ofsingular atrocity, I was arrested and put upon my trial,which lasted seven years. In summing up, the judge ofthe Court of Acquittal remarked that it was of the mostghastly crimes that he had ever been called upon to ex- plain away.At this my counsel rose and said :"May it please your honor, crimes are ghastly or agree- able only by comparison. If you were familiar with thedetails of my client's previous murder of his uncle, youwould discern in his later offense something in the natureof tender forbearance and filial consideration for thefeelings of the victim. The appalling ferocity of theformer assassination was indeed inconsistent with anyhypothesis but that of guilt; and had it not been for thefact that the honorable judge before whom he was triedwas the president of a life insurance company which tookrisks on hanging, and in which my client held a policy,it is impossible to see how he could have been decentlyacquitted. If your honor would like to hear about it for the instruction and guidance of your honor's mind,this unfortunate man, my client, will consent to give him- self the pain of relating it under oath."The district attorney said: "Your honor, I object. Sucha statement would be in the nature of evidence, and thetestimony in this case is closed. The prisoner's statementshould have been introduced three years ago, in the springof 1881.""In a statutory sense," said the judge, "you are right,and in the Court of Objections and Technicalities youwould get a ruling in your favor. But not in a Court ofAcquittal. The objection is overruled.""I except," said the district attorney."You cannot do that," the judge said. "I must remindyou that in order to take an exception you must first getthis case transferred for a time to the Court of Exceptionsupon a formal motion duly supported by affidavits. Amotion to that effect by your predecessor in office wasdenied by me during the first year of this trial."Mr. Clerk, swear the prisoner."The customary oath having been administered, I madethe following statement, which impressed the judge withso strong a sense of the comparative triviality of the of- fense for which I was on trial that he made no furthersearch for mitigating circumstances, but simply instructedthe jury to acquit, and I left the court without a stainupon my reputation."I was born in 1856 in Kalamakee, Mich., of honestreputable parents, one of whom Heaven has mercifullyspared to comfort me in my later years. In 1867 thefamily came to California and settled near Nigger Head, 112 where my father opened a road agency and prosperedbeyond the dreams of avarice. He was a silent, saturnineman then, though his increasing years have now some- what relaxed the austerity of his disposition, and I be- lieve that nothing but his memory of the sad event forwhich I am now on trial prevents him from manifestinga genuine hilarity."Four years after we had set up the road agency anitinerant preacher came along, and having no other wayto pay for the night's lodging which we gave him, favoredi us with an exhortation of such power that, praise God, we112 were all converted to religion. My father at once sentfor his brother, the Hon. William Ridley of Stockton, andon his arrival turned over the agency to him, charging(,/him nothing for the franchise or plant—the latter con- r sisting of a Winchester rifle, a sawn-off shotgun, and anassortment of masks made out of flour sacks. The familythen moved to Ghost Rock and opened a dance house.It was called 'The Saints' Rest Hurdy-Gurdy,' and theproceedings each night began with prayer. It was therethat my now sainted mother, by her grace in the dance,acquired the soubriquet of 'The Bucking Walrus.'"In the fall of 75 I had occasion to visit Coyote, onthe road to Mahala, and took the stage at Ghost Rock.There were four other passengers. About three milesbeyond Nigger Head, persons whom I identified as myUncle William and his two sons held up the stage. Find- ing nothing in the express box, they went through thepassengers. I acted a most honorable part in the affair,placing myself in line with the others, holding up myhands and permitting myself to be deprived of forty"dollars and a gold watch. From my behavior no onecould have suspected that I knew the gentlemen who gavethe entertainment. A few days later, when I went toNigger Head and asked for the return of my money andwatch, my uncle and cousins swore they knew nothingof the matter, and they affected a belief that my fatherand I had done the job ourselves in dishonest violationof commercial good faith. Uncle William even threat- ened t6 retaliate by starting an opposition dance house atv?Ghost Rock. As 'The Saints' Rest' had become rather un- popular, I saw that this would assuredly ruin it and provea paying enterprise, so I told my uncle that I was willingito overlook the past if he would take me into the schemeand keep the partnership a secret from my father. Thisfair offer he rejected, and I then perceived that it wouldbe better and more satisfactory if he were dead."My plans to that end were soon perfected, and com- municating them to my dear parents, I had the gratifica- tion of receiving their approval. My father said he wasproud of me, and my mother promised that, although herreligion forbade her to assist in taking human life, I shouldhvae the advantage of her prayers, for my success. Asa preliminary measure, looking to my security in caseof detection, I made an application for membership inthat powerful order, the Knights of Murder, and induecourse was received as a member of the Ghost Rock Com- mandery. On the day that my probation ended I was forthe first time permitted to inspect the records of the orderand learn who belonged to it—all the rites of initiationhaving been conducted in masks. Fancy my delight when,in looking over the roll of membership, I found thethird name to be that of my uncle, who indeed was juniorHL H * • * vice-chancellor of the order! Here was an opporunityexceeding my wildest dreams—to murder I could addinsubordination and treachery. It was what my goodmother would have called 'a special Providence.'"At about this time something occurred which causedmy cup of joy, already full, to overflow on all sides, acircular cataract of bliss. Three men, strangers in thatlocality, were arrested for the stage robbery in which Ihad lost my money and watch. They were brought totrial and, despite my efforts to clear them and fastenthe guilt upon three of the most respectable and worthycitizens of Ghost Rock, convicted on the clearest proof.The murder would now be as wanton and reasonless asI could wish."One morning I shouldered my Winchester rifle and,going over to my uncle's house, near Nigger Head, askedmy Aunt Mary, his wife, if he were at home, adding thatI had come to kill him. My aunt replied with a peculiarsmile that so many gentlemen called on the same errandand were afterward carried away without having per- formed it, that I must excuse her for doubting my goodfaith in the matter. She said I did not look as if Iwould kill anybody, so, as a guarantee of good faith, Ileveled my rifle and wounded a Chinaman who happenedto be passing the house. She said she knew whole familieswho could do a thing of that kind, but Bill Ridley was ahorse of another color. She said, however, that I wouldfind him over on the other side of the creek in the sheeplot; and she added that she hoped the best man wouldwin."My Aunt Mary was one of the most fair-mindedwomen whom I have ever met."I found my uncle down on his knees engaged in skin- ning a sheep. Seeing that he had neither gun nor pistolhandy, I had not the heart to shoot him, so I approachedhim, greeted him pleasantly, and struck him a powerfulblow on the head with the butt of my rifle. I have avery good delivery, and Uncle William lay down on hisside, then rolled over on his back, spread out his fingers,and shivered. Before he could recover the use of hislimbs I seized the knife that he had been using and cut hisham-strings. You know, doubtless, that when you severthe tendon Achillis the patient has no further use ofhis leg; it is just the same as if he had no leg. Well, Iparted them both, and when he revived he was at myservice. As soon as he comprehended the situation, hesaid:" 'Samuel, you have got the drop on me, and can affordto be liberal about this thing. I have only one thing toask of you, and that is that you carry me to the houseand finish me in the bosom of my family.' To Fourteenth Street Tarleton Winchester Thou art the boundary lineBetween those that are and think they are,Those that are not and think they are,Those that are and think they are not,And those that are not and do not think at all. Our War With Mexico By Elbert Hubbard Shortly before his departure for Europe and his deathamong the victims of the Lusitania, I asked Mr. ElbertHubbard to write me a short note on the possibilities ofpolitical complications and a war of the United Stateswith Mexico.JVith pencil, on a scrap of paper, he drafted the follow- ing sketch, which might be especially interesting, as it isso vastly different from every other article Mr. Hubbardwrote on the war situation.\Y/ AR is a hectic direction human energy takes under" certain conditions. In war-time whiskey flows, thebreweries' run night and day, gamblers and street girlsprosper. Business booms. The towns run wide open.It is not the time to clean up. It* is dissipation, diseaseand death. And disease and death are forms of life. Tobe sure it is not productive business because it has smallsurvival value. Smoke, noise, whoop, arguments, rattle,bang, waste and destruction of life and property spendthemselves and leave only the dead and soaring, sailingvultures. Nevertheless, war changes ownership and con- sumes the surplus and makes a new deal.The Supreme Intelligence that "rules the World" takesno thought of an individual, no thought of a nation. Menand nations go down to death and to dust but the sunshines and the seasons come and go and the law of gravita- tion would never forget nor the stars lose their way ifboth Mexico and the United States would abdicate to -Death and leave the continent where it was in 1492.Nature having infinite time, takes no thought of heart- throbs. And if that perfect race does not appear on theearth for a hundred thousand years it will suit Naturejust as well. She can wait. A Last Word Ernest Dowson | ET us go hence; the night is now at hand;The day is overgrown, the birds all flown;And we have reaped the crops the gods have sown;Despair and death; deep darkness o'er the land,Broods like an owl; we cannot understandLaughter or tears, for we have only knownSurpassing vanity; vain things aloneH ave driven our perverse and aimless band.Let us go hence, somewhither strange and cold,To Hallow Lands where just men and unjustFind end of labour, where's rest for the old,Freedom to all from love and fear and lust.Twine our torn hands! O pray the earth enfoldOur life-sick hearts and turn them into dust. The Grandmother Armin T. Wegner I WILL speak about my grandmother. High up in themountains, where pine trees rustle and where the roadloses itself in the forest, stands her house.It is a little, quiet house; far above the abysses of theworld. There she lives all by herself. There she watersthe flowers of her garden in the summer and there shelistns to the glad voices of the wild birds of the forestwrhen the autumn comes. Her face is like an old book and many lines of pain and bitterness are written on it; buther voice is soft and full of kindness. It comes out of hersoul, which seems to have finished with this life alreadyand which has forgiven all.Up there, too, is the room where the old pictures arehanging; my mother had told me about them at the timewhen I wSs very small. More than one childhood livesin this house. And there is another room up there, butit is deserted most of the time. Only once in a while mygrandmother enters it and reads in old, tear-soaked letters,and thinks back upon the time when my grandfather wa?|still alive. And she blesses in her thoughts her childrenwho are now far away somewhere across the sea in aforeign country.Sometimes I make a journey up to the old lady's house.I arrive usually in the evening, and after I have climbedthe last hills I see the light of her house through themisty forests. I sound the knocker on her door. Theold maid opens and smiles and lets me enter. I go intothe living room. The lighted lamp is on the table andnear it an open book. Someone is standing near thewindow, looking out down the road. The figure turnsand I see that it is grandmother. I extend to her myhand. "Good evening, grandmother!"But she kisses my forehead and responds with her quietsoft voice: "Good evening, my boy!"And after she has said this I know that I am far fromall the world and that I shall have quietness and peacefor a few days. Tom and Mary were seated at the nursery table with!their arms about each other quite lovingly. The nursesurprised at their unexpectedly loving manners, askedwhat they were doing."We are playing honeymoon, nurse," was the answer."But why is Johnny sitting under the table all byhimself ?" asked the nurse."I am waiting until I shall be born," was the gleefulanswer from under the table. Drawing by Fritz Schnitzler At Child's Tracey H. Lewis The dishes clatter,She looks at me.The dishes clatter,She comes to me.Two stepsj three steps— She's come to me. The Ugliness of Sin Hubert Crackanthorp IT was New Year's Eve. The old scene. A Londonnight; a heavy-brown atmosphere splashed with liquidgolden lights; the bustling market-place of sin; a silentcrowd of black figures drifting over a wet flickering pave- ment.The slow, grave notes from a church tower took com- mand of the night. The last one faded; the old year hadslipped by. And then a woman laughed—a strident, levellaugh; and there swept through all the crowd a mad fev- erish tremor. The women ran one to the other, kissing,wildly welcoming the New Year in; and the men, shout- ing thickly, snatched at them as they ran. And the cab- men touted eagerly for fares.Across the road, by a corner, a street missionary stoodon a chair—an undersized, poorly clad man, with a wiz- ened bearded face."Repent . . . repent . . . and saveyour souls to-night from the eternal torments of hellfire" . . .The women jostled him, pelted him with fond jibes; andone—a young girl—broke into a peal of hysterical laugh- ter.And I mused wonderingly on the ugliness of sin. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner All roads in America lead to the ball grounds.Now in the spring a woman's thoughts do lightly turnto moving and to millinery and to other bedivelry.The fool and the limelight go together like the mothand the candle.No man is bound to win, but every man is bound tofight for the cause he believes to be worthy of winning.A eugenist mostly is merely a hapless fool who thinksto accomplish by meddling what God has determined shallbe accomplished by love.Justice is an equation of conflicting interests under therule of reason.A woman sport? Oh! yes, that's just a "sport" onwomanhood and doesn't really count, even among sports. Jack A few days ago I was walking up Fifth Avenue andthe girl who accompanied me drew my attention to aman who tried to sell a little dog on the corner of 27thStreet, right in front of Brentano's. It was a littlePomeranian, evidently of good breeding. I asked theman how much he wanted for the dog."Twenty-five dollars, Sir.""Twenty-five dollars—no, that's too expensive, I'dgladly give five, even ten dollars. . ."But my dear sir," answered the salesman, **Ten dol- lars? The man to whom the dog belongs would be gladto pay me a reward of ten dollars if I would bring ithiirlr tn him " Love Child James Waldo Fawcett A LL night I heard her moaning in the room which isabove my room. A great grief must have befallenher, I said to myself, and I waited for the tears which could not seem to come. Also, I wondered where werethe little feet, the child's feet, I used to hear.In the morning when the landlady came to my door, Isaid: "What is it upstairs?"With a shrug of the shoulders, she replied: "Oh, it isnothing, monsieur. Only a crazy woman. For threeweeks, now, has shebeen starving. And she is very prettytoo. Now, her child, which had no father, is dead." Poetess—From an Old English Chap Book Dimond Crisp WHEN I dieLet there beNo weepingRather rejoiceFor I go to claimWhat the godsHave promised meOne hour of FreedomIn whichI shall realizeFor a momentThe fulfillmentOf every wishAnd dreamOf my lifeUnsatisfied.Thus shall I learnThe wisdom of the godsIn their restrictionsAlsoI shall go forwardDrunkenWith exhaltation!!When I dieLet there be no weeping. The Art of Will Rothenstein W. G. Blaikie Murdoch Robert Bridges Bernard Shaw Thomas Hardy '"THERE have been few finer periods in British art than* the closing of last century. At this time the splendidschool whose rarest poet was Swinburne, its greatestpainter Rossetti. its chief craftsman Morris, and its primenovelist Meredith, commenced at last to disclose insigniaof waning power. But, ere these m'en ceased activitiesaltogether, a fresh life was poured into the arts through- out Britain, her rising generation beginning to proveitself as gifted as its immediate predecessor. Literaturewas presently enriched by those in Ireland who, materiallyindebted to early Celtic lore, regarded Mr. W. B. Yeatsas their leader; while simultaneously beautiful paintingcame from the little coterie in Scotland, reflecting obliga- tions to the French Impressionists. And shortly theredawned that still brighter constellation, whereof the mainluminaries were Beardsley and Conder, John Davidsonand Crackanthorpe, Dowson and Mr. Arthur Symons.A sort of halo has gradually woven itself round thesemen, partly because only too many of them died pre- maturely. And numerous attempts have been made—no- tably by Mr. Holbrook Jackson in his book, The Eighteen- nineties—to represent them as an actual cenacle: a groupwith a definite, common aim. Nevertheless, though allwere connected with The Yellow Book or The Savoy,is it not among the chief glories of these artists that each was widely different from his fellows? for the achieve- ment of each was wholly individual. And like homageis due as emphatically, if not even more so, to that brilliant master of portraiture who was closely associated with theforegoing, Mr. Will Rothenstein, whose art, furthermore,is indeed curiously anomalous in English work in general.A Glittering LaurelHis very name unfamiliar to frequenters of those ex- hibitions of which the Royal Academy is the type, Mr.Rothenstein has withal a little band of exceptionally fer- vent devotees, their enthusiasm, in many cases, promptingthem to go the length of searching for, and treasuring up,every available book or magazine containing prints afteranything from his hand. With this callousness towardshim on the part of the mass, this worship of his gifts bya moiety, his position is, of course, simply that of a hostof fine workers before him, there being one respect, how- ever, in which he has fared very differently from a largenumber of these. For it is easy to recall men of geniuswho, the fruits of their labours receiving such slenderpromulgation at first, were unknown even to the realmasters of their time; while some, too, there were—Blake, Shelley, Beethoven, to look no further afield forexamples—against the works of whom several of theablest artists, among their own contemporaries, actuallymanifested strong hostility. But nearly every one of thebetter writers of Mr. Rothenstein's generation, togetherwith nearly all its better painters, have sat to him once,if not repeatedly, for their likenesses, as also have diversgreat sculptors, musicians, scientists, actors. And hiswonderfuj portrait-gallery forms, accordingly, a mirror ofthe intellectual world in that golden age, the closing yearsof last century. Here, then is an ideal homage to havegained: one far more precious than has been vouchsafedto those portraitists who, much admired, have yet engageda clientele merely among people of the kind known asfsahionable. Nor is it easy, scanning widely the recordsof art, to find any exact parallel to Mr. laurel, virtually the only men, coming to mind in this re- lation, being Reynold and G. F. Watts, de la Tour inFrance of the siecle Louis XV, and Marcellin Desboutinin that country the day before yesterday.BiographicalMr. Rothenstein was born at Bradford in 1872, and in1888, he became a pupil at the Slade School of Art, Lon- don, where one of his preceptors was Alphonse Legros,for whose etchings he has had a signally keen admirationever since. He next went to study in Paris, and someof the work he did there came under the notice ofWhistler, who, having lately revived lithography as anartistic medium, urged the young Englishman to essayit, an analogous incentive coming betimes from anotherquarter. For it chanced that a French publisher, Marty,himself having a genuine interest in lithography, soughtto nurture it by founding a journal, UEstampe Originale,a cover-design for which was done by Toulouse-Lautrec.And Mr. Rothenstein was invited to contribute, one ofthe most beautiful prints wherewith he responded havingbeen reproduced, subsequently, in Henri Bouchot's valu- able book La Lithographic. Since then the artist has byno means ceased to paint in oils and water-colours, anoil-painting from his brush being in fact in the Metropoli- tan Museum, New York; while he has also done a quan- tity of etchings, along with much superb work in chalkand pencil. But the majority of his finest portraits have been wrought in lithography, and a memorable result ofhis practice of this art was published in 1893, Oxford Por- traits, there appearing four .years later a further series ofhis lithographic prints, The French Set. This was fol- lowed soon by various kindred productions, notably EnglishPortraits in 1898, Liber Juniorum in 1899, and Man- chester Portraits in 1900; while Mr. Rothenstein is alsosomething of an author, a book on Goya being chief amonghis written works. Throughout the time he was engagedin these multiform activities, he lived mainly in London, where he exhibited pictures frequently at the New. EnglishArt Club; but a few years ago his tense interest in occultmatters induced him to go to India, and on returningthence he settled in a lovely part of the south of England.Various PortraitsEvery artist necessarily owes much to his predecessors,and it is inconceivable that Mr. Rothenstein is an ex- ception herein. Nevertheless, the paucity of his debtis brought home again and again, when studying hisportraits, these appearing as naive as primitive art; whilenext it is felt that each is the result of a happy moment ofinspiration, no elaborating being suggested in them. Theyare akin, or thus they look on initial acquaintance withthem, to the sparkling talk of a born raconteur, or to acollection of singularly lively, downright letters, embody- ing personal reminiscences of men and women. But,observe, here is a correspondent, a raconteur, who, everattaining the conciseness which is largely the soul of wit,would seem to ponder deeply before lifting his pen, oropening his lips, likewise seeing far into all that he writesof, or speaks of. The great writer, the great painter orsculptor, is proverbially somewhat disappointing whensought out behind the scenes by his devotees; and the proverb is not without justice, the explanation of the casebeing that men of genius are often inclined to wear amask, as it were. But Mr. Rothenstein nearly alwayscontrives to see through this mask, and he shows thereal man of genius, the man whom the devotees hope tofind, not the masked person who disillusions them. His,magnificent portrait of Swinburne, for example, adum- brates just what is naturally associated with that sublimepoet's temperament—the mysterious element usually andbest symbolized by fire; while. almost as much of this,possibly, lurks in the eyes of the exquisite Irish singer,"A. E.whose picture likewise betokens him essentiallya dreamer. Fantin-Latour, again, is shown to be a veryserious, aspirational person, his thoughts never far awayfrom the canvas he finished yesterday, or the one heintends to begin to-morrow. But quite different is thedrawing of Rodin, who, prima facie, finds it easy to forgethis art now and then, and join in a joke, this trait beingmirrored also in the face of Legros, while another sitterwho looks of genial disposition is George Gissing. Per- haps, however, it is gentleness, rather than geniality, whichis most clearly written on his mien—gentleness begottenof those sufferings described, once and for all, in theauthor's own Henry Ryecroft; while a portrait of Dowson proclaims that he too was of gentle, winning disposition;and his expression holds much of the wistfulness perforcelooked for therein, remembering the pensive colour ofhis verses. How like those verses! is the unavoidableexclamation; and how like his novels! are the words in- evitably spoken on seeing the later of two studies of Mr.George Moore; while a portrait of Henley insists stronglyon the brutality which was part of the latter's tempera- ment, Mr. Bernard Shaw is depicted as distinctly trucu- lent, Sir Henry Irving as addicted to vanity, and the faceof W. E. H. Lecky betrays in him a habit of petulence.As strong, nevertheless, as any of the portraits cited sincethe Swinburne, are four of Paul Verlaine, all of themclearly signifying that divine poet full of what Poe aptlycalls "the mad pride of intellectuality," likewise havingin his nature a deal of the animalism which frequentlyaccompanies poetic gifts. •A Great CriticIn fine, far from stopping short at figuring engagingtraits, Mr. Rothenstein almost always criticises his sitterruthlessly, this tendency constituting one of his grandestqualities, for the critical gift is among the most uncommonof all. It is the prerogative of men of intellectual mightto gift, to weigh, to probe; and if Rembrandt is greaterthan Velasquez, it is largely because he is more critical,the Dutchman seeing further into his subjects than themajestic Spaniard does. But the English school of por- traiture, notwithstanding its glittering talent for makingwhat is beautiful, is particularly barren in artists showingthis critical faculty; and Mr. Rothenstein's constant mani- festation thereof is what prompted the contention, launchedat the outset of this tribute, that his art is curiouslyanomalous in English work in general. Rather is he com- parable to the splendid Scottish trio, Wilkie, Geddes andRaeburn; to Jordaens in Flanders; or above all, to Hol- bein, that prodigy of shrewdness. However, the compar- ing of him to previous workers, even to men so great asthese, is of comparatively small aid in appraising hisachievement. For this is essentially an isolated, uniquething, wholly individual, like the respective achievementsof those other masters, whose names are associated withthe closing years of last century. The Leper Charles Gorham Barney, Jr. A FTER being a few hours on the trains, one becomesaccustomed to the fellow passengers; their incessanttalking—their coming and going. These things cease tomake any impression upon senses fatigued by the confusionand too rapid change. One withdraws so far into one'sself that consciousness of all surroundings is deadened.And so it was with the leper as, staring absently out of thecar window, he watched the trees, the hills, the fencespass in endless glissando.This day he had forgotten that he was not alone. Hewas thinking over that which he is always striving to for- get; the memory although no longer bitter is not sweet.A man and a tiny boy occupied the seat next behindhim. Just an ordinary man, rather fat and unusual look- ing; just an everyday little fellow, thin and with no morethan the kittenish vivacity of any child of three.An unaccountable feeling made him look around. Noth- ing strange met his gaze. The arm of the man was aboutthe child, yet the attitude was much more than the ordi- nary one of unconsciously bestowed protection, and a sin- gular aloofness encompassed them. The leper felt him- self in the presence of some strong bond. A sense of awecame upon him and he realized as clearly as if it had beenspoken "that child knows the man as his father and thatman feels his fatherhood. It makes more of a man of him and through him it will make, nay it is making, a man ofthe little tot."This passion that existed between them was visible in ahundred ways, half a hundred movements, sounds andglances. Where were they going together, these two ?Why were they alone? Where was the mother, or wasthere a mother ?The child caught the leper's eyes and they both smiled.The leper looked away but soon his gaze wandered backto them. Father and son were peering out of the openwindow, the big hand was closed lightly around the smallerone. Neither talked, there seemed to be no need. Intheir silence they were not separated. They loved eachother more than the ordinary run of father and son.Neither was ashamed to show it. They did show it, notwith kisses and cooings—it was too deep for that—al- though once the boy paddled over the father's face with arather dirty, wobbly little hand.After a time the father caught the leper's glance. Hesmiled. They spoke. Soon it was revealed that this wasnot the only child. There was another, also a boy; awaywith the mother "up in the mountains for the cooL,, Thefather, forced to return to his work in the city, was takingthis one with him because they both "wanted it so." "Idon't care how hard I have to work," he confided, "solong as I can keep my wife and the baby up in the cool.""But this youngster?""He couldn't stay away from me," he answered simply."Couldn't stay away from him!"—The love in that.Something got the leper by the throat and momentarilytook his breath. It was then that he suddenly seemed tonotice the cinders that were pouring in, and hurriedly &lt;lowered the sash.Later, in response to a tale of the little fellow's will- ingness to fight "anybody his size, just for the fun offighting" the leper said: "He's a splendid boy!" Per- haps there was a wistfulness in the voice for the fatherquickly demanded: "Are you married?""No." And the speaker was forced to look away fora minute. "Why did you ask?""I just thought you were." He was casting about inhis mind for a reason for this interest in children. Theleper tried to make him talk but he was now as reticentThe boy had long since grown attentive to the stranger.They were playing a game of peek-a-boo over the backof the plush covered seat.After a little the father leaned forward. "You haven'tany children ?""No."He was not even then satisfied, his eyes looked ques- tioningly into those of the other man. "Haven't you everhad any?" \"No." The leper gave him look for look and thenspoke slowly: "I will never have any," he said it hoarsely.He could say no more. The Furies had returned. He en- dured it as long as he could, then he got up and, withouta single backward glance, stumbled into the forwardcoach. At the next station he saw the father and sonalight and start up the hill, tand in hand. Again hisheart contracted in that way that seems to leave the chestquite vacant. He looked straight ahead, his eyes fixed onnothing, and soon the train was speeding on. Books and Magazines of the Week Jeanne D'Orge O OME years ago I produced what I thought to be anexcellent edition of the magazine I was editing atthat time, and, proud of my work, I sent a copy to Am- brose Bierce at Washington, D. C. The letter he sentme back as criticism has since become my critical standardfor both our contemporary magazines and for the atti- tude of their editors towards literature. He wrote to me:"My Dear Bruno:—"I liked the make-up of your magazine. You showeda good taste in choosing your paper. Your type is veryreadable. And now to the contents. You have seventeenpages about Richard Wagner: a European and dead.You have ten pages on Eugene Field: an American butdead. You have one page of some Beaudelaire stuff:European and dead. You have four pages of illustra- tions. And one page on this man Sandburg whom youpronounce a new Chicago poet. You have twenty-eightpages about dead people, four pages of illustrations ofthese dead people. The one remaining page is not quitesufficient to allow me a fair criticism of your magazine."Therefore I wasn't a bit surprised to hear from the lipsof one of our most esteemed magazine editors that hedoesn't know Ernest Dowson; that he had never heard ofhim, and that it would be quite useless to publish on thepages of his magazine even a very interesting account ofthe death of this unfortunate poet.Rut what I cannot understand is the utter snubbingin our literary critical press of a book which is not only inmy own humble estimation one of the most important doc- uments of our times and perhaps of the last fifty years,but which was proclaimed as such by the biggest mindsin America and by men in the highest positions in thebusiness world and in art and literary life. lam speak- ing of Frank Harris' "Oscar Wilde and His Confes- sions." At the time that Alfred Douglas wrote his bookon Oscar Wilde, incomparably inferior'in contents as wellas in execution, a big war-whoop went through the letterpress of our country and everybody knows to-day thatLord Alfred Douglas was everything but sincere to him- self and to his dead friend in this book.Now comes a man who knew Oscar Wilde for sixteenyears; a man who played an important part in the mostimportant period of English literature during the famousnineties, who has made for himself an immortal name byhis books on Shakespeare as owner and editor of "The Sat- urday Review" in London, and who has heralded moreimportant, and to-day already famous, men of literatureinto the world, than anybody else. He wrote a book aboutOscar Wilde which is far more than a biography of thistragic figure. It is a mirror of English contemporary life.It is the prophecy of a new era of man. It forecasts thefirst rays of that "Kingdom of Man upon Earth," thelife dream of Frank Harris and his own conception ofsalvation for the world.The Book Review of the New York Times did noteven mention it in its columns. Why not? Surely it isnot because they have no space. Pages and pages arethere of that clubber thrown by the publishers to theeditors of newspapers via Advertising Department. Isit because Frank Harris published his book himself? Be- cause he was forced to publish it himself? Not that pub- lishers would be afraid to risk their money jfor printing it.Frank H arris printed it at his own expense and offered itto my knowledge, to six otherwise not very scrupulouspublishers in printed form if they would grant him theirimprint and ship it to the purchasers who had subscribedfor it, almost for all of it, long ago. Men who wouldnot hesitate to print Eleanor Glynn's "Three Weeks"and who have published a good deal of not only objec- tionable but worthless and trashy literature, refused thiswork on Oscar Wilde, being afraid of the censor. Is itfor that reason that the New York Times ignores thegreat book of a contemporary writer; keeping away insuch a manner knowledge of its existence from readersand from librarians. Every library which has upon itsshelves the unauthentic and slanderous attempts on thebiography of Oscar Wilde is morally obliged to give itsreaders a chance to know this man whose reputation theyhave harmed so much in the past and in some places evenat the present. The Book Review of the New York Timesis the foremost and best read book trade paper in theUnited States. It has a prestige among book collectorsand book readers and an almost monopolizing influenceupon librarians throughout the country. To speak thedeath-sentence of silence over this book of Frank Harrisis unfair to the dead Oscar Wilde, more unfair to hisreaders and a crime against the man who spent almostten years in writing the book; who printed it at his ownexpense and who is giving it to the world as a monumentto his dead friend. Others Here is a specimen of this experimental poetrv stationof Alfred Kreymborg, once upon a time the raiser ofmushrooms. Kreymborg, says in the preface of his secondvolume that "a child one year old should not be held en- tirely responsible." Children since the times of the Biblewere lovably irresponsible creatures whom we must suf- fer to come to us because their's is the Kingdom of Heaven.These children of Mr. Kreymborg seem to be of a per- verted, bloodthirsty kind, but no doubt sometime they toowill arrive in the Kingdom of Heaven and parade on thepages of Poetry of Miss Monroe's "Magazine of Verse";they will enter into the sacrosanct files of Bob Davis'spurchased Munsey verse (twenty-five cents the line asspace filler), and they will participate in the annual din- ner of the Poetry Society and then Doran and Co. isgoing to publish their collected poems and finally JoyKillemall will write an interview in America's foremostbook-trade paper. The Meat Press I have a longingTo strip raw live fleshFrom my bonesAnd squeeze it in the meat press.Blood will drip,Enough to write a few lyricsRed and sacramental. In Our Village Dominic. One of our "benchers." Mother, child and dog Let's talk about it later Washington Square Idyll: "Shine em up, boss" Duobus Ligitantibus Tertius Gaudet XV begged in our last issue for a deliverance from thisW useless nuisance caused by the Fifth Avenue CoachCompany which uses Washington Square as a terminalstation. We never hoped that our prayer would be an- swered almost immediately. We would rejoice in beingrid of all the noise and all the annoyance caused by thispleasure riding concern franchised as a public transporta- tion company if it were not for the fate of many hundredmotor men and conductors who went on a strike lastFriday. We don't know their grievances but evidentlythey want to get some more money for their services.The average price paid to a private chauffeur in New York is $25 per week. We do not believe that the chauf- feur to many people should get at least as much as the oneto one family only, but that is not our concern. What we&lt;io wish is a rather novel settlement of the strike. Themen refuse to work for the money paid to them by thecompany, the company refuses to pay more for their ser- vices. Why don't the men quit and get some other jobs.And why doesn't the company quit running its buses?And we would have our peace and our quietness down onthe Square.Now they are employing a squad of strong-arm men(one of them was arrested for carrying a blackjack inhis pocket). They are grouped gracefully around thatcorner on the south side of the Square which the FifthAvenue Coach Company make their own, a testimony tothe militant preparedness of the company. A few buseswabble up and down the Avenue every day in order tokeep the existence of the buses in the minds of the public.Strong-arm men are placed on each bus as a protectionto the strike breaking motor men and conductors.The joy-riding element composes itself mostly from therank and file of men who sympathize with the strikersand there were very few passengers during this week.Strangers and tourists also preferred other means of trans- portation in order to avoid possible trouble.These buses, which look like Noah's arks, surely do notcontribute to the beautifying of the finest street of theworld. They increase traffic congestion and troubles dur- ing shopping hours; they are the most unreliable means oftransportation; they are an added dapger to the safety of-our streets.Are there not means of doing away with a public nui- sance, even if it is franchised? The Fourth of July oil the Square I thought it showed rather bad taste to cover the in- scription upon the Arch on both sides with electric lightedflags. They could have erected on top of the Arch a bigflag-pole and in such a way the flag would have beendisplayed far more visibly and more effectively. The ex- pense surely would not have been greater. The blue inthe tri-color didn't show up at all. But who is criticalwhen the city government displays patriotism ? Every- body knew what it meant and especially the music in theafternoon and the concert in the evening was a welcome entertainment to the natives of the village back of theSquare. They all had come prepared for the occasion intheir Sunday clothes, the women a fantastic medley ofglaring color schemes. A free moving-picture show con- cluded the patriotic exercises. It was a pretty picture!The bandstand on the square illuminated by electric arclights, a picturesque audience seated on the benches aroundit and promenaders walking up and down the nice broadway for once not monopolized by the Fifth Avenue CoachCompany. Why can't some humanitarian of our neigh- borhood donate a few thousand dollars for the perma- nent maintenance of a music band on three or four even- ings of the week. It would be far more; useful than themoney he contributes to various other causes and he couldhave the pleasure of seeing with his own eyes what a merry time he is giving to thousands of people who other- wise would spend their evenings stupidly in a saloon orin the'stuffy atmosphere of their tenement quarters. The Girl in Yellow I WON'T tell her name, because I don't know it. Itwould have been easy to find out who she is. Butwhy? It doesn't matter. She is stopping with a familyin one of the mansions on the north side of the Square. She descended the patrician stairway just after the musichad started. She was a fine picture of youth and lifeleaning there against the ancient and severe woodworkof her doorway. A white silk tamo' shanter, a whitedress, white shoes and a glaring yellow silk sweater. Sheseemed to hesitate; crowds are not inviting but they areluring and absorbing. Very hesitatingly she crossed over.She listened to the music and she walked around and thenshe dared to break through the multitude. She watchedthe pictures, always a wonderful spot of color, evenamong this gaudily-attired crowd. It seemed a hovel ex- perience for her to be alone among so many. So near tothem in space and so far away in mind. Was it curiosity or sadness that made her face so interesting? Or was shejust lonesome, or had she experienced a disappointmentin that mansion over there? She remained until the lastpatriotic air had resounded and the electric arc lamps hadbeen extinguished and slowly as she had come she crossedto the stately row of houses where our aristocrats live.Perhaps she went home to the solitude of her room. Whocan tell? Perhaps she didn't.Such musings are the charm of the idler on the broadpathway of life. Somewhere in Greenwich Village rT^&gt;ALKING about aristocrats, we have had some realones among us for the past weeks. With us is theBaroness—I forget her name. Names really don't countat all if one is confronted with her. Confronted is theonly suitable expression for such an unbelievable sight onthe street. The sphinx couldn't help shaking the headthat hadn't moved for thousands of years and breakingits proverbial silence. She (the Baroness) wears a hiair- dress like the picture in the Museum of Natural Historyworn by the natives' in the Soudan. All kinds of thingscan be found upon that turban without a top. Feathersof some strange animals in different sizes from half a yard to a yard each serve as a good background for a lot oftrinkets sewed upon the sides of her hat and hanging downfrom the brim. She took rather a pride in confessing thatshe made this fortunate selection upon the bric-a-brac counter of a ten-cent store in 14th Street. There werelittle vases with silk and paper flowers stuck into them, acandle shade here and there cupidolls dressed up in gor- geous colors, red celluloid fishes fastened to the brim ofher hat with delicate pale green baby ribbons, foreigncoins underneath peacock feathers. Grotesquely carvedpenholders and many other smaller and bigger thingswhich escaped detailed attention. Monumental pieces ofchandelier crystals with garlands of yellow, green andblue glass pearls hung from her ears like the coronationdecorations of the native kings of the Fiji Islands. Herwaist was really no waist but glittering armor after thefashion of Don Quixote's famous garb of conquest. Quitesimple and contrasting with the splendor of her othervestments was her belt. An iron rail, as one can see themlaid on the roadway of our streets, bent into gracefulcurves, glittered around her waist line.She doesn't make a secret of her affection for theScotch. She used a glaring Scotch plaid as fundamentalmaterial for her skirt; Indian bead work, wax flowersunder glass covers, the flags of all nations on pieces offelt given away as premium with a certain brand of cigar- ettes. Souvenir silver spoons, stuffed birds once perhaps,when alive, her pets, and small Persian prayer rugs aresome of the ornaments she prefers for street wear. Thereare smaller things which can be noticed only on closerobservation like Indian Buddhas, silk ribbons of a pecu- liar pattern, old Belgian laces and historic snuff-boxes.She chooses as footgear moccasins of the Black Foot In- dian brand and she considers it bad manners for anyoneto talk to her without having first asked for an introduc- tion to her fat little black dog. She takes a walk on theSquare every evening between five and six. If you hesi- tate to believe me go and see for yourself. She does notobject to being looked at.Then we have the marchioness with oil and timberlands somewhere West. She knows more princes, countsand lords than you ever thought existed. She knows thefamily history of all American heiresses who marriedtitles. She has the Marquise La Fontaine beaten by along way. She is holding court in the Brevoort and asall people of noble blood she likes to play the patron tolitterateurs and artists. It is her pleasure to assemble theflower of the Village manhood around her and to tel]them from her vast experience among the nobles of theone world and the upper four hundreds of the other.Tom Sleejper was knighted by her recently and he is thegrand old man of the Round Table who sticks it outuntil all others have left, overwhelmed with so many fam- ily complications. Pink and black and white are hercolors.„ Allan Norton, the pilot of "The Rogue" (the Cig- arette of Literature as he called his magazine) and pro- prietor of the most soulful eyes in the Village, is hereagain. He is contemplating to start.his magazine earlyin the Fall; he is looking for drawings and unusualstories and at the same time for a bit of life.Jack Magrath is busy telling everybody about themost charming visitor the Village has had for some time(says he). She is stopping at the Judson, right beneaththe cross. The bell-boys are constantly busy rushingvisiting cards up to her apartments.Margaret Johnson (Shifty), the will-be famous daugh- ter of the late Arthur Johnson, one of the best knownmovie actors, broke into print this month. Her pictureand something about her very individual individuality ap- pears in the Motion Picture Magazine. At present sheis in Northampton raising chickens and red cheeks.Heloyse Haynes, who is camping out in the summer inScituate, Massachusetts, was in |he Village and gathereda crowd of her friends for the Fourth of July celebra- tions in her summer home.Aura Brantzel is now editor of the woman's depart- ment of a Spanish magazine. She doesn't speak Spanishbut she said that doesn't make any difference as long asshe is ably editing her department. A few of her storieswhich appeared recently in Young's Magazine were laidin the Village and on the Square.Tom Sleeper took another bout of vitality in our ven- erable neighborhood last week. He paid his respects tomost of the worshipful places where we are being servedwith food and drink and he came to the happy conclusionof writing a Greenwich Village Anthology which willhave nothing whatever to do with the Spoon River orthe revered bones of Potter's Field, still slumberingtowards Eternity beneath Washington Square. We Fear no Hell After Travellingawhile on Earth By E. F. Mylius A few illustrations by Clara Tice for last year's Thimble Theatre programmes. DECENTLY, in Hell, Satan was approached by hisPrime Minister, who humbly craved an audience ofthe Spirit of Evil. The wings of Satan were manymillions of miles long and glowed with the radiance ofburning charcoal."What cravest thou?" asked Satan, slowly moving hisgiant wings, sending death and destruction on the planetsaround.For a long time the Prime Minister said nothing. Heknelt before the Throne and his head was bowed introuble.At length he spoke:"Throughout thy Empire, thy people no longer fearthee."Satan frowned and squared his shoulders. Burningsparks flew up above his head, streaming into the canopyof the heavens."What! Do they not suffer?""Yes, they still suffer, but they neither fear nor respectyou."Satan mused:"Put your ear to the Earth, and tell me what youhear."The Prime Minister obeyed."What do you hear?" at length asked Satan."I hear men speak of your Majesty and thy name ismuch upon their lips. I hear laughter and shrieks ofrage. I hear mothers weeping and women singing. I hearfoul cries of lust, the booming of cannon and the clamorof insurgent idealism. The Earth is still suffering, buther suffering is strangely mingled with the cadence of newthoughts."Satan appeared perturbed. He said:"Within the last three ages of Man, many of mymighty ones have I sent to the Earth, but none hitherto have returned to me. While I wait, impatient and griev- ing for their absence, the Earth continues to cry inanguish and pain, yet the brilliance of my firelit nightswanes dim, for some unknown reason.""Descend to the Earth," continued Satan, addressinghis fiery Minister. "Become a woman and learn what itis that mankind to. Take care to avoid the §ilentmen, but pass not by rebellious women. Each word oftheirs you must preserve as if it were a pearl. Drinkwith the debauchee and entertain yourself in the hallsof pleasure. Tarry with the thinkers, but scoff at theIdealists and sneer at the Martyrs—those who have be- come like gods. Lure into the stream of slavish pleasure,those whose faces are sad and wan, whose eyes are largeand shadowed, who neither laugh nor play, nor ever treadthe path of carelessness. They and their sadness havefilled Heaven itself. On them you must lavish all yourcharms. Depart, my faithful servant. Here I shall bewaiting to greet you on your return. The fires of Hellshall be raked and grow brighter because of the hope Iplace in you."The Prime Minister knelt in his robes to make hisobeisance. Then, swiftly taking the form of a beautifulwoman, he swooped down upon the storm-tossed Earth.Time passed upon the Earth. Indue course, Satan'smessenger appeared again before the Throne of the EvilOne, and knelt humbly in his fiery raiment, waiting to bequestioned. Satan was exceedingly glad to see him, thefirst of his many envoys to return from the Earth. Athis command a glorious flood of meteors shot through theheavens to announce his joy. Most of all was he pleasedto observe his messenger's face, coarsened by drunkenrevels and scarred by the burnt-out fires of evil passions."You come back worthy indeed of the gay, bright timeyou have no doubt led upon the Earth," said Satan, glanc- ing at the grinning devils about his Throne. "But tellme, faithful servant, why are your clothes stained withblood? Is there no peace on the Earth? Are they all atwar? Can it be really true?""Blood flows red upon Earth," came the reply. "Iam blood-stained because I was unfortunately wounded inone of their establishments of amusement and of torture." "On my arrival," continued the messenger, "I soondiscovered it was impossible to mingle with the Idealistsand not be carried away by a strange new force that ismanifesting itself upon the Earth to-day. Therefore,instead of listening to them, I enjoyeH myself thoroughly.I had carriages, automobiles, diamonds, furs, silk dresses,champagne, scores of servants and received the flatteryand homage of Society. I entertained—""Stop," cried Satan, vexed and troubled. "It is verydifficult to learn the aspirations and tendencies of Manby this method. But perhaps you have got to know someof their new ideas in your own way and to find out thenature of this new force you speak of?""I told men exactly how to live so as to enjoy them- selves. I told them that to be free they must give wayto their desires and passions whenever and with whoeverthey would. But the majority did not seem to listen.They even now talk of ideals and renunciation for theservice of society. In my opinion there is nothing to bedone but to exterminate them.""Have you seen any of my former emissaries?""Yes, and they appear to be honest, virtuous and re- spected by the majority of mankind. They have becomepillars of society. Two or three of them together rulehalf of the world. Alas, I could not approach them. Theyare surrounded by high society women and protected byarmies and police. Many of them lead sober lives as theycontrol vast wealth. Yet they are in great danger andI fear the force of idealism may swamp them.""Where did you see these idealists, and the thinkerswho have no dread of Hell?""I almost hesitate to tell your Majesty. Since you wishto know, I have set eyes on them in cafes and drinkingsaloons; in prisons consorting with criminals; amongwriters and journalists and all sorts of people. I cannotthink what joy they find in life. They are without fear.Once I observed a woman being taken away by the policefor public speaking. I visited her in prison. She spokeimpiously of Hell and Heaven and their Rulers. Nofear betrayed itself on her countenance. A smile playedabout her lips and her eyes shone with a strange light.This ended the Prime Minister's speech, and he stood in his Blood-stained raiment, waiting to be commendedfor his wickedness and energy. But Satan spoke nopraise. The lightnings from his glance flashed ominouslyand his voice thundered as he spoke."Go, return to the Earth once more, and when youmeet these saviors of mankind, give them this messagein my name. 'Struggle not for the attainment of ideals,which are figments of the imagination, but entertain your- selves to tha full, for the tortures of Hell are very realand more painful than any earth-born suffering.' "A bitter, almost malignant smile played around thePrime Minister's lips, but in a hypocritically humbleposture, and casting down his eyes, he answered:"I have told the thinkers, the idealists and the martyrsthis already, your Majesty, but they refuse to believe meor to go the way of pleasure or forgetfulness.""Why do you refuse?""Because of this strange new force which, according tothem, gives happiness and comfort."''What is this force?""Love."Satan answered not at once, but his brows were bent inthought. At length Tie observed:"Not for the first time have I lost a world throughLove." /"They assert that your Empire is now upon the Earth,"said the Prime Minister, "and that neither for you norfor any future state have they any fear. They declare theyknow you and that you cannot harm them more than youremissaries are doing now.""So it has come to this," said Satan, troubled and dis- pleased. "Shall I descend to Earth to terrify them?""You will have a great welcome. You will be enter- tained at costly banquets. Powerful rulers will load youwith honors. You will be taken over the empires of theworld, and shown the glories of civilization. Millionswill flock to see you. But if you descend—forgive mypresumption—-you will never again return to Hell." "But what will become of Hell?" exclaimed Satan. "Itwill be empty!""The idealists say that there is no need for another hell.And now I see that they are right. Farewell—your Ma- jesty—forever."With these words the Prime Minister took the form ofa young man and became forever lost amid the tears, thesweat and the blood of the Earth.Hell remained mute, its fires fitfully lighting the sur- rounding heavens. Its wearied inmates gazed intentlydown upon the Earth; so tiny, so strange and so incom- prehensible in its struggles and in its sorrows.The stars gleamed 'mid the silent universe. Shadowsgrew fainter about the deserted palace and a gray dawnarose on the dying embers of countless fires. In the faintmorning light, the Throne of Satan seemed empty. At the Sign of the Red LampFIFTY-THREE WEST THIRD STREET NEW YORKYou will find this old and picturesque chop house two doorsEast of West Broadway. We make a specialty of Sea Food,Steaks and Chops.SAMUEL S. BROAD, Prop. OPEN EVENINGS »Telephone Spring 5963 UNTIL NINE READERS OF BRUNO'S WEEKLYARE ASKED TO BECOMESUBSCRIBERS52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS Read FRANK HARRIS' "LIFE OF OSCARWILDE AND HIS CONFESSIONS"Write for the prospectus which will be mailed to you free of charge by Frank Harris, 3 Washington Square, New York Citys • 1 Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. Joseph McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room WTTin mill nnwiWTwnnrTwririißißiii■iiiiniimin 1111111111 ■iniiiiiuii una mm mum 11 in 1111 iiwifnniMainiiTMiiid'iiißiimnrTTinirfi-y'wiinifgv'wwyftwwHiiiwFrom the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation wear.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.9 /Phone Spring 23 Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076. WANTED you to know that at 60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on display many odd piecesof Brasses, Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m. T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y. JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring 'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner Rare Books First EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. mFor Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenuein Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been wmficedon the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Phone: Stuyvesant 4570 Edison