Bruno's Weekly 1 14 October 21st, MCMXV naaq_1915-10-21_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 14 Untitled Image Illustration 1 For Two Voices Maurice Hewlett cre 2 The Peace Was Broken 2-3 The President for Woman Suffrage 3-4 Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 4-5 Children's Hour on the Square 5-6 Milligan Place Illustration 7 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 7-8 International Magazines in Germany Alec W. G. Randall cre 8-9 In Our Village 9-11 Djuna Barnes, by Terry Illustration 10 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-13 Dogs' Tails D. Molby cre 13-14 A NEW SONG OF SOLOMON Tom Sleeper cre 14 The Sous-Prefet Afield Alphonse Daudet cre 14-15 Richard Wagner—Egoist Guido Bruno cre 16-17 Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison and 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents October 21st, 1915 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 14 OCTOBER 21st, MCMXV Vol.l C»Purtghl 1915 by Qui Jo SB ra no BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY j- r — -(To be continued) For Two Voices Maurice Hewlett MOTHER, mother, isn't it fun,The soldiers marching past in the sun!""Child, child, what are you saying112Come to church. We should be praying""Look, mother, at their bright spears!""The leaves are falling like women*s tears.""You are not looking at what I see.""Nay, but I look at what must be,""Hark to the pipes! See the flags flying!""I hear the sound of a girl crying""How many hundreds before they are done!""How many mothers wanting a son!""Here rides the general pacing slow!'"Well he may, if he knows what I know""O, this war, what a glorious game""Sin and shame, sin and shame." The Peace Was Broken "TTHERE is not a lovelier place in the city than WashingtonSquare. It carries the touch' of intimacy that makesdear the boudoir of our beloved one. It has the dignity of achurch and the friendliness of the inn-keeper who values us asgladly sheltered guests. The little Italian bootblack was shiningmy shoes. The grass was yellowish green scattered with redleaves. A merciful wind had tenderly cut the last threadswith which they had hung lifeless to the branches. Soberlooking men and women in Sunday attire passed on their wayto churches and children annoyed happily their governessesthat were chatting and scolding. A pitiful figure reclined ona nearby bench. An old woman. Her clothes were ragged.The toes practically sticking out of her torn shoes. A funnything that she wore as a hat was tied under her chin. A little package held together with heavy cord had rolled from her lapto the ground. She was asleep. Her hands were clasped as inprayer. She might have been under the influence of liquor, butmaybe she was only exhausted.The bench did not object to her taking a rest. A deadleaf had chosen her shoulder as a resting-place. Everybodywho passed her showed pity in his eyes. Who would not pitya woman? An old woman. A ragged woman, sleeping on abench on a morning. On a Sunday morning. A woman thatmight have been your mother or my own. A woman .a fellow-being ... a fellow-sufferer.Yes, there was one who objected that this poor creaturehad found rest for a minute after the weary travels of ahomeless night. One who saw in her a disgrace to the quietsurroundings of a Park that had accepted her, had caressedher, had lovingly watched her. There was one who lookedwith the eyes of a delighted beast that discovers its prey atthis poor old creature. He stopped at a few yards distance.He took in the sight like the lustful pervert looking at theinnocent young girl he is about to disgrace. The second hesaw her he knew that the peace of this being must be dis- turbed. No rest for her. She must move on. Did he stepnear her, did he touch her shoulder gently, did he give her achance to awaken, to open her eyes, and did he tell her ina sympathetic voice: "It is not allowed to sit in this park,mother. I am sorry that I have to disturb you; let me guideyou to a place that is prepared for such weary travellers asyou are, where you will find peace and relief ?" Oh, no!Noiselessly he approached her so that he might not awakenher and spoil the pleasure of his profession. With his bigheavy well-clothed foot, the brute stepped on her feet. Shescreamed. She looked wildly around. He jerked her up.And the peace of the square was broken. The President for Woman Suffrage J&gt;RESIDENT WILSON'S vote for woman suffrage is not soimportant as some people would make it out to be, yet ithas a certain importance for all that. The President is both adreamer, so-called, and a practical man. His example, therefore,will strengthen the conviction of men of either of those predilec- tions. I doubt if it will "make" many votes for woman suffrage.That is a question which men do not take sides upon becauseof the distinction of its supporters or opponents. PresidentWilson will "make" no more votes for the cause than did ex-President Roosevelt. Most male supporters of woman suffrageare for it because they think it a logical extension of the demo- cratic principle and that is probably President Wilson's reason- ing on the subject. Where his example will have weight will bein the method of establishing woman suffrage. He says thatit must come by State rather than National action, and, constitu- tionally, he is right. His action will tend to put an end to theagitation for a national admission of women to the ballot. Ofcourse, as he is the head of his party, his vote is important as indicating that he sees nothing in his party's principles opposedto votes for women. It does not, however, commit his party.He voted as an individual, not as head either of the Governmentor of the party. For this reason the Democratic forces in thecities, opposed to woman suffrage, cannot object to his actionas committing the party to the cause. The anti-prohibitionistDemocrats will not like his action, of course, because they thinkthe woman vote will be always and everywhere an anti-liquorvote, but the President himself is not a Prohibitionist like Mr.Bryan. It is doubtful if many admirers of the President willbe swung over to the suffrage movement because he has takenit up. What his vote will do is that it will make people thinkthe question over for themselves when they find that a thinkersnch as he is known to be has reached the affirmative conclusion.Speaking generally, the President's vote shows more that popularopinion has moved him than that he will move it. He helpsthe movement, I should say, just because his vote has weighton account of his being a good judge of the popular sentiment,whereas Mr. Taft's opposition is unimportant because he issuch a poor judge of the popular feeling upon anything. Noone, however, plumps either way on a question like woman suf- frage because any one man, however distinguished, is on oneside or the other. The suffrage movement is influencing Presi- dents and ex-Presidents more than they are influencing the suf- frage movement. It cannot be stopped. Women, as intelligentmoral beings, are entitled to the ballot whether it be a right or aprivilege. If it be a right, it is theirs. If it be a privilege, theyhave earned it as a class as fully as men have ever earned itSo thinks Woodrow Wilson, citizen. As President, he says thatthe ballot must come through the individual States. His ex- ample should concentrate woman suffrage effort upon the Statesand put an end to "hikes" to Washington.William Marion Ready in his Mirror, St. Louis Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Char- les Edison's Little Thimble Theatre JUST to make it clear once more: Mr. Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre has no other purpose but to giveyoung American musicians, composers, poets and playwrightsa hearing. To act as a free forum accessible to everybody whohas done something that he considers worth while and to givehim a chance to be heard by an unprejudiced audience.Judging from Mr. Edison's mail of the last weeks, a goodmany people seem to be under the impression that the ThimbleTheatre is a kind of philanthropic institution for musicians andsingers out of employment, others mistake it for a concert hallwhere artists of fame will be heard. The mere fact that onehas a known name, that one has a pocketful of newspaper clip- pings or has sung or played before European princes and mem- bers of royal families and has received medals and crosses ofhonor, bars him from an appearance in the Little ThimbleTheatre. It is just the American who works and toils honestly in thiscountry and has not had, for some reason or another, a chanceto be rejected or accepted by an American public, that Mr.Edison is interested in.We live in an age of recognition. The tragedy of a Poecould hardly be repeated to-day. The good work done willultimately gain recognition and it is solely up to the man him- self to create for himself the right circle of activities. Americaneeds good music, good poems, good books. While the writerhas it comparatively easy to persuade a publisher to see themerits of his works, the musician is handicapped by that supremeillusion which has taken hold of all impresarios and producersof plays: that America has no music and that the Americanhas to look for real good stuff to Mother Europe. But theworst of it is they don't want even to lend themselves to anexperiment. They are afraid of everything that hasn't gotthe European label.It would be megalomania to assume that the activities of theLittle Thimble Theatre, even if successful beyond expectation,could change this condition. But the little snowball kicked offincidentally from the high mountain grows to be a big avalanche.And if the larger public cannot be reached and the composeror musician derives no other benefit but to play in public, hisself-confidence is being strengthened and he returns home filledwith new ambitions, and plunges into his work with newvigor.Mr. Edison invites every American rnusician, composer orsinger to take advantage of his Little Thimble Theatre. Seriousefforts will find serious consideration."Proverbs in Porcelain," by Austin Dobson, were so en- thusiastically received that in addition to the two playlets givenlast week, two more of the same group will be played onThursday, Friday and Saturday. The musical program com- prises a selection of American music, some of the composersnever heard before in New York .All those who are interested kindly write or call personallyfor program or tickets. They are free of charge. Address,Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, 10 Fifth Avenue,New York. Children's Hour on the Square not come down once and see with your own eyes, on asunny afternoon? Just after school is over, after thechildren have piled their books in pyramids around the fountainright back of the arch, on Washington Square, the "teachers'*lining them up in lines and rings, the music starts a march ora waltz .... They all forget the petty worries of their younglives, and they are just young and merry.Crowds are attracted. People step nearer, drivers interrupttheir journey, get up on their seats, their hard-set, weather- beaten faces undergo a wonderful change. They smile, theyactually smile and their unshaven features lose of their coarse- ness and they don't seem apart from all the other humanitybecause of the heavy rough labor which has hardened the bestthey had: their ability to smile.You must watch the men on the benches in our parks someday, you must 100k—not only mechanically glance at them—at their faces. They seldom smile. Smiling is the expressionof peace with oneself, of gladness one finds in oneself. It is sovastly different from laughing.How do they smile at the Square, looking at chil- dren in their joyful exercise! There is a watering station ofthe Society for the Preventation of Cruelty to Animals onthe other side of the fountain. Hundreds of horses hitchedto heavy loads, stop there for a few minutes of well-earned restand for a draught of water. The drivers in the meantimesmoke a pipe or roll a cigarette. They chat with the menon the benches. Who are these men on the benches? Theyare another mystery so often explored and still as mysteriousas a hundred years ago. In the old New York Advertiser for1815, we find a lengthy paragraph about the onNew York park benches. They are still there. They sit quietlyin the sun or shiver contentedly in the cold of our autumnmornings. They read newspapers picked up in waste paper cansor handed to them by the conductors of the auto busses, lefton the seats by passengers. They talk only rarely. They are thequiet philosophers of our Square. They sit often for hoursstaring up at the skies or looking down to the ground, followingwith quick eyes the steps of passersby. The drivers in theafternoon are the only distraction in their sordid life. Theyare the event of the day for the bench-dweller. They havecigarettes or tobacco for a pipe, they have a lunch pail withoften more in it than they can eat themselves and mostlikely they won't mind to act as bankers to their friends inthe park, if their transaction of loans be kept inside of thecopper currency.And they all step nearer to the big circle around the childrenof the Children's Hour on Washington Square, their looksgrow more and more interested the longer they observe thechildren. They are departing with that certain smile on theirfaces. And while they return to their benches or to theirdriver's seats, or continue their journey of the day, they con- tinue to be under the spell of that Children's Hour. Theythink of things so remote to their present lives. Many ofthem had here the first chance to see children at play for along, long time, and if once old memories are revived, andthe mind taken away from the crude world of today . . . .well .... they smile.The Diamond Disc on Washington Square. Just a fewbars of music diffuse in the air. They do real good—theseChildren's Hours on Washington Square. They also do goodfor grown-up children on the benches, the step-children of ourcity. Milligan Place Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska. Paris, October Ist, 1915.Charles Grolleau, whose poetry appears for the firsttime in England in the October issue of "The Egoist,"has on several occasions been the medium of English literaturein France. His translation of Blake's Marriage of Heavenand Hell necessarily figures among literary tours de forceand curiosities, and Oscar Wilde has found in him his mostsensitive interpreter, one of the few who is not an Iscariot!For M. Grolleau belongs to that group of French erudites inEnglish letters comprising M. Augustin Filon, M. JosephAynard, M. Theodore de Wyzewa, M. Edmond Pilon, M.Henry Davray, M. Jacques Copeau, &amp;c., and among whomthe recent death of M. Robert d'Humieres has brought abouta most regrettable fissure.M. Grolleau is not introduced here as the representative ofany form of secessionistic departure, but as a poet of cultureand spirituality. The immaterialism of his conceptions is suchas often to escape the mental grasp of the reader, who isfrequently called upon to strain the spheres in which his mind more usually evolves to reach within touch of the distant andunworldly domain of M. Grolleau's thought-vision. One oftenfeels he leaves one far behind him. Like the late CharlesPeguy and Andre Lafon, Charles Grolleau is a fervent RomanCatholic. As was the first of these he is a convert; unlike thesecond, rare poet though he was, he is also a mysti©. AndreLafon was a worshipper after the order of Francis Jammes.M. Grolleau's religion is more intellectual and transcendsbeyond the limited perpetual adoration of creation. His poemsveil rather than define revelations of the most intimate char- acter and of whose abstractions verbal expression can generallyoffer but the enigma, and seldom the key.Perceiving and creating—and are not perceptions and crea- tions if not identical allied?—an independent sphere as thispoet does he is, therefore, and independent in the most essentialand elevated sense. By his side how small appear those whoattain freedom merely through revolt instead of initiation andhow these may envy him the unison he naturally achievesbetween forms so strict and inspirations so vast and intangible.To attempt to give it further, that is second-hand, precisionmight amount to the profanation by an indiscreet and irreverenttrespasser of a secret chapel. M. Jacques Copeau has translated, and published with theNouvelle Revue Francaise, Mr. Clutton-Brock's observationson the war. It is strange to see M. Henri Albert, the translator ofNietzsche's complete works, give the popular and erroneousrendering of the German word "ehrenvoll" in the last numberof the Mercure, and which misconstruction has led the worldto imagine that Germany was aspiring to a merely "honourable"peace, instead of the "peace full of honour" to which it con- siders itself entitled in reality. Extract from a Letter to"The Egoist," London. International Magazines in Germany Alec W. G. Randall THOSE who believe that Art, like Religion, should be inter- national, will be glad to know that certain periodicalsand certain groups of young artists in Germany and Austriahave steadily refused to submerge themselves in the welter ofchauvinism which seems to have covered the Central Empires—and not those alone. The older generation of writers andartists seems at least to have acquiesced in a large measure;Richard Dehmel is apparently writing one war poem per day;Richard Strauss intends out-Wagnering Wagner in a grandnew Kaisermarsch. But even among the established writers,,the classics, so to speak, there are remarkable exceptions;Arthur Schnitzler has appealed to reason against Lissauer'sHymn of Hate, and Stefan Georg's periodical, Blatter fur dieKunst has resolved on a noble indifference to the Europeanmadness. Other periodicals adopting this policy are Die Weissen Blatter and Der Sturm. The first is a paper run byyoung artists and poets; the second is more distinctively anadvanced art periodical, though its literary contents are by nomeans insignificant. Most people are familiar with its Cubistor Futurist front page. It corresponds, I suppose, to theEgoist in London and Les Soirees de Paris in Paris., Artistslike Kandinsky and Severini have contributed to it; GuillaumeApollinaire has written criticism for it; Rene Schickele, oneof the best known of the younger poets of Germany, has pub- lished several poems in Der Sturm. Here is one of them—alittle model of simplicity and for that reason hard to render. Praise of My Lover (Lobspruch) How shall I knowWhether it is youI love most?And yet I am sureIt is youWho gives me most joy.Gladness comesFrom pure strength;It is kindled in my very blood.Then what maturity you have—Your skin, your hair,The very sound of your step.The next poem is from a less-known poet, Paul Bom- mersheim: Poem The fog draws closer and closer,Its walls grow and overshadow the world'.Heavily,And the armies of it creep up nearer and nearer.The last grey branches fall and disappear;The world sinks slowly away from us,Leaf . . . by . . . leaf.And now we are alone—in solitary space.This is the hour of the great discovery.We come closer and closer together,And we hold one another by fiery hands,Glowing like stars. In Our Village Djuna's Exhibit On August 23rd, thirty-four drawings and pastels by DjunaBarnes will be tacked to the walls of Bruno's Garret for four- teen days. Especially her war impressions, the impersonationsof the tools of war in a weird, terrific way, are a new venturein the grotesque. Djuna Barnes is one of the few youngAmerican artists who walk their own way. Not willing tomake concessions to publishers and art editors, she is usingher pen to earn her livlihood as a newspaper woman, andpermits herself the luxury of being an artist just to pleaseherself. Frequently she has been called the American Beardsley, not because she is trying to imitate the father of our "blackand white art," but because she is doing original work as wellas he did. It is just a question of time, until she will "put itover" and we will see her work spread through to our popularillustrated publications.Her exhibition is a very representative one.On Saturday afternoon at three o'clock, will be a poetryreading and everybody is a welcome visitor.Every Monday evening at eight o'clock, an informal gatheringof all kinds of specimens of the genus homo.The Clara Tice evening on last Monday, proved very inter- esting. It was a gathering of people who had mostly not metbefore, but who did not hesitate to voice their opinions andtheir impressions of Clara Tice's work.A FREE school in the real sense of the word, as dreamedof a quarter of a century ago by that martyr for libertarianeducation Francisco Ferrer, is the newest addition to the manyinstitutions in our village of the new season. Ferrer's ideal of a school was a free exchange of answers for questions.After he rented suitable quarters he wanted to hang out hisshingle, "Here is a School." Anybody could stroll in, sit down,listen, ask questions and come again if he was interestedenough and wished to, or stay away if that was not the sortof thing after his liking.In the old Benedick, that quaint bachelor apartment houseon the east side of the Square, which sheltered some of ourmost famous men of letters and art, Mr. Anton Hellmannwill keep open house every Friday afternoon at 4.30, for allthose who are interested in his work. He is an interiordecorator to the people. "Harmony of color, expression ofthe inhabitant's individuality can be kept inside the purse limitof everybody," is the contention of Mr. Hellmann. In twentytalks spread over the twenty weeks of the coming season,he will show in his studio how his theories can be put intopractice—by everybody. The first series of these informalgatherings on Friday afternoons will unroll before earsof the listeners a history of domestic architecture. Fallonwhose work has proved that he is able to talk vividly toothers what he demonstrates through his work every day, willgive these talks and be ready to answer any questions putbefore him. He also will speak about the interior detailof an ideal home.Mr. Hellmann will gladly answer any communications fromthose interested. Park &amp; Tilford's Birthplace Greenwich Village, the Birth-place of Park &amp; Tilford's EstablisnmentJust three-quarters of a century ago to-d'ay two young men openedthe doors of a small sized grocery store on Carmine Street, in theold Ninth ward. To-day, after seventy-five years, during whichNew York City has spread itself over Manhattan Island and beyondthe Harlem and East Rivers, a thousand employees of the firm ofPark &amp; Tilford go about the firm's business in ten stores and sev- eral factoriesThe two young members of the firm of Park &amp; Tilford were wisein their selection of a site for their enterprise, for Carmine Street inlower Greenwich Village was then the most aristocratic section ofNew York. To get to Harlem was a long and tiresome journey. Itwas a bold venture indeed for the two ambitious young men to locatetheir store in so wealthy a district, for between them they had only$300. But somehow they bought a modest stock of staples thatsatisfied the comparatively simple demands of their customers. Break- fast foods were unheard of then and canned goods still in the distantfuture. , „ . • , iJoseph Park and John M. Tilford at first sold the goods them- selves over the counter. The problem of delivering them was notpressing, for usually the housewives came equipped with huge baskets,and they shopped until the baskets were full. The more fortunatewomen came to the store in company with a black iootman who didthe "toting," and these housewives were considerably aristocratic.The business of selling groceries to Greenwich Village prosperedand as the stock expanded it outgrew the little Carmine Street store.The city too was growing and Park &amp; Tilford followed their customersnorthward and located at Ninth Street and Sixth It washere that wagon deliveries began, for the store was beginning tosupply a greater area. Every year brought new articles of food tosatisfy the palates of New Yorkers and_ the sale of this new classof groceries was profitable.—New York Times. Djuna Barnes, by Terry Books and Magazines of the Week My Childhood His real name is Aleksyei Maksimovitch Pyeshkof, but hecalled himself Gorki, "The Bitter One." And surely full ofbitterness against the world in which he had to live should thechildhood have turned him which he pictures in the reminiscencesjust published by The Century Company. The disgusting detailsof the everyday life of a struggling, low Russian family losetheir disagreeable features in the pen of Gorki. The impartialway with which he paints things often otherwise unspeakablebring the great painter of Russian life as it is nearer to us anddearer to our hearts.And just now, at the time of revival of Russian letters inEngland and America and especially where through new, populareditions, Gorki is made accessible to the greater masses wecannot but think with regretful sorrow of the days of his pres- ence in our midst, of the chauvinism with which we treated thegreat writer of real life during his stay in America. He whogives pleasure to millions today offered in vain his hand for thehearty grip of friendship. How must this man, with a youthwhich reveals his childhood to us have felt our narrowness! Dreams and Dust Don Marquis has collected some of his most important poemsinto a volume. The book reviewer of the Evening Sun doesnot state whether it is published or will be published, and alsothe name of the publisher is not given.Of course, everybody knows Don Marquis. His "Sun Dial"in the Evening Sun is the one permanent bright feature amongthe often too sordid columns of our newspapers. He is theromancier among the chaos of business and crime and tragedy.He is the humorist among the professional relaters of the historyof our day and among the bad or worse attempts to be edu- cational. His column is a source of pleasure and merrimentto the thousands who are his daily readers. He is satyrical, hedoesn't hesitate to make fun of a thing, to make it ridiculous,crushingly ridiculous. But he does it with the rare gift of aphilosopher and an artist. He never offends and his satire is notstinging.American newspapers do not know criticism and fueilleton.An impartial review of things concerning literature, art andmusic is about the most that can be in its pages devotedto these departments. The voice of the individual is submergedin a set pattern, presented for some reason or another by ournewspapers to their readers. Don Marquis' column is aboutthe only individualistic expression that can be found in the news- papers of America. Another poet before him gave his bestto the people, really to the people. It was Eugene Field whowrote the best of his verse, those lines which make him immortal,in the column of a penny newspaper which he conducted.Great is the mission of a man who brings rhythm, joy of life, romance and the merry word that will make smile the thousandsthat buy a penny paper. Kreymborg's Others The October number of "Others," the magazine of newverse, edited by Alfred Kreymborg, contains poems of thechoric school. In the preface Mr. Ezra Pound relates how heattended a poetry reading somewhere in England where MissDillon, one of the choric school poets, "came in at the end ofthe hall and danced out their own poems. I then understoodthe curious breaks and pauses, the elaborate system of dotsand dashes with which this new group is wont to adorn itsverses. Here is the motto John Rodker, another choric poet,chose for his "The Dutch Dolls:""Hi, Hi, Hi ... . "■—Verlaine The Poets' Translation Series Number 2 of the Poets' Translation Series, published at firstin the Egoist, in London, and simultaneously in pamphlet formhas just reached our shore. They are poems and fragmentsof Sappho, translated by Edward Storer. Sappho was born onthe island of Lesbos about 600 B. C. At some period of her lifeshe was exiled from Lesbos. The tragedy and beauty of herlife reveals itself to us in her poems. She is a woman ofardent nature, noble, delicate-minded and fond of pleasure. Herpoems were chiefly love poems and that they were written chieflyto women is clear, even from the mutilated fragments whichremain. American Bookplate Society The American Bookplate Society announces the early publi- cation of its first year book, which will contain in addition toconventional year book material an authentic check list of Mr.Sidney L. Smith's bookplates together with original impressionsof five copper plates of his workmanship. The edition is limitedto two hundred and ten copies, for members of the society. Dogs' Tails By D. Molby. *J*HERE is only one purpose to a dog's tail and that is toexpress his emotions and feelings. The longer his tailis the better can he do it. And when he is in nervous excite- ment as when he is looking for something, he needs some wayof releasing his tension through movement. His tail is goodfor this and doesn't interfere with anything.When he is real pleased at seeing someone, he wants theperson to know it. And his actions speak—not louder, buttruer than words. There is no pretense about him and ifhe wants to show his contempt he is just as frank to do it.He does not move his tail in a particular way because hehas a particular emotion, but has an emotion according tothe way he moves his tail. If he wants to feel happy, he wagsit, and this has a return effect upon his mind, because he can see that someone knows he is happy and he can feel that histail is wagging.The dogs have always known that their tails were for someuse and they moved them around in different ways until theyfound out what different effects could be obtained. If theyhad let them hang still they would have disappeared long agoand the dog of to-day would not hold anything like the placein the world that he now holds. A NEW SONG OF SOLOMON Tom Sleeper THY voice is like thewind in the cedarsOh my love.And thine eyes shine like opals, wet with the dew of deepsummer.Thy breath is as the perfume of the lilies nodding in thestill poolOh my Love, my only Love.Thy heart is a lone fire burning in the wilderness—Oh my Love.It exalteth my soul with warmthIn the twilight of the murmuring eveningAnd thy hair is more beautiful than theDarkness enwrapping the wan starsOh my Love, my only Love. The Sous-Prefet Afield By Alphonse Daudet. JMfONSIEUR the sous-Prefet is on his rounds. With coach- man before! and lackey behind, the barouche of the sous-Prefecture carries him majestically to the agricultural fair ofthe Combe-aux- Fees. For that memorable day Monsieur thesous-Prefet has put on his best embroidered coat, his littlecocked hat, his tight-fitting breeches with silver bands, andhis gala sword with hilt of mother-of-pearl. Upon his lap liesa great portfolio of embossed shagreen, upon which he gazessadly.Monsieur the sous-Prefet gazes sadly on his portfolio ofembossed shagreen; he is thinking of the famous speech whichhe will have to make presently before the citizens of the Combe- aux-Fees. But although he twists the blonde silk of his whiskersand repeats, twenty times over, "Messieurs etchers administres,"the rest of the speech does not come.The rest of the speech does not come. It is so hot in thebarouche! As far as the eye can reach, the road of the Combe- auz-Fees powders under the sun of the South. The air isscorching, and in the elms that border the road, all coveredwith white dust, thousands of cicadas answer one another fromtree to tree. Suddenly Monsieur the sous-Prefect gives a start.Over there, at the foot of a slope, he has just perceived a littlewood of green oaks that beckons to him. The little wood of green oaks seems to beckon to him."Come this way, Monsieur the sous-Prefet; to compose yourspeech, you will be much more comfortable under my trees."Monsieur the sous-Prefet is tempted. He jumps from hisbarouche, and tells his servants to wait for him; that he is goingto compose his speech in the little wood of green oaks.In the little wood of green oaks there are birds, violets, andsprings under the tender grass. As soon as they saw Monsieurthe sous-Prefet, with his fine breeches and his portfolio ofembossed shagreen, the birds felt frightened and stopped sing- ing, the springs no longer dared to make any noise, and theviolets hid themselves in the sward. That little world hadnever seen a sous-Prefet, and asks itself, in low tones, whothat fine seigneur was who walked about in silver breeches.In low tones, under the leafage, they ask themselves whothat fine seigneur is in silver breeches. Meanwhile Monsieurthe sous-Prefet, delighted with the silence and the coolness ofthe wood, lifts his coat-tails, deposits his cocked hat on thegrass, and sits in the moss at the foot of a young oak. Thenhe opens on his knees his great portfolio of embossed shagreen,and takes from it a large sheet of official foolscap."He is an artist," says a warbler."No," says a bullfinch, "he is not an artist, since he wearssilver breeches; he is rather a prince.""He is rather a prince," says the bullfinch."Neither an artist nor a prince," interrupts an old nightingale,who has sung for a whole season in the gardens of the sous*prefecture; "I know what he is; he is a sous-prefet."And all the little wood goes whispering:"He is a sous-prefet! He is a sous-prefet I""How bald he is!" remarks a lark with a great tuft on hishead.The violets ask:"Is it dangerous?""Is it dangerous?" ask the violets.The old nightingale answers:"Not at all!"And upon that assurance the birds recommence to sing, thesprings to run, the violets to shed their perfume, as thoughthe gentleman were not there. Unconscious amid all the merrydin, Monsieur the sous-Prefet invokes in his heart the Muse ofagricultural fairs, and with lifted pencil begins to declaim inceremonial tones:"Messieurs etchers administres—"Messieurs etchers administressays the sous-Prefet, in cer- emonial tones.A burst of laughter interrupts him; he turns around andsees nothing but a fat woodpecker perched upon his cocked hat. Richard Wagner—Egoist By Guido Bruno piRTHDAYS in Germany are family holidays.Children look forward to the anniversary of their arrivalon earth with a similiar, delightful anxiety as to Christmaseve with its joys and surprises.The German loves traditions and customs. What he sawin his father's house he most likely will practice in his own.He will celebrate his father's or mother's birthday in his ownhome perhaps hundreds of miles away or years after theirdeparture from life. Gifts received on birthdays are the keyto the ambitions and wishes of the recipient and to the attitudeof the giver towards him.A few Christmas eves and a few birthdays tell the gloryof Wagner's life.It was several months after the death of his stepfather inthe modest home of his mother. Richard was nine years oldand was to enter a regular school for the first time in his life.The four oldest brothers and sisters had entered stage life andwere in other German cities.There were under the Christmas tree the Christmas cakeand apples and nuts and a new suit for Wagner. Themother knew what had worried her son when he had passedthe examination and was admitted to the school. All theother children had appeared in neat dresses with linen cuffs andlinen collars. He alone wore clothes his mother had made athome.Eighteen years later Wagner celebrated his birthday in simi- larly poor surroundings. It was in Paris. The hopes for abig success had long vanished and he and his young wifewere living in two, cheaply-furnished rooms. Trinkets andpossessions were pawned and they called nothing their ownbut what they wore.After nearly a year's residence in Paris the clothes Wagnerhad brought with him from Germany were showing sad signsof wear. The year had been fruitless from a money point ofview and his wardrobe had not been replenished. His senti- tiveness on this point was well known to his young wife,Minna. To give him pleasure she hunted through Paris untilshe found a German tailor with a small business, who, swayedby her blandishments provided her with a suit of clothes forher husband. With tears in his eyes he used to relate the storyof the birthday morning on the 22d of May, 1840. There wasa bunch of flowers in the water pitcher. There was a letterfrom his mother, arrived a few days previously, and kept forthis occasion by his thoughtful wife, there was some fruit—aluxury bought for this special occasion—and his wife's present,—the new suit.Ups and downs followed in quick sequence in the life ofthe struggling composer; fewer and fewer became the downsand more frequent the ups. 1857 found Wagner in London.The Philharmonic Society had chosen him as the director of the Symphony Concerts. He had to fight for his recognition,he had unpleasant days and made life-long enemies. His wifehad not accompanied him on this trip. He celebrated his birth- day among the few friends he had won in the city on theThames. Minna's letter with congratulations had promptlyarrived. His room had been transformed into a flower gardenby his friends and as happy as a child he left the house afterbreakfast to buy his own birthday gifts.He strolled down Regent street, examined the show win- dows and bought everything his heart desired. Silk for shirtsand for underwear, several pairs of shoes, handkerchiefsand finally he went to a fashionable tailor and ordered asuit. He ordered his pockets and the back of his vest to bemade of silk; likewise the lining of his frock coat sleeves; hecould not endure the touch of cotton as it produced a shudder- ing sensation throughout his body that distressed him. Thetailor was surprised. He explained that silk for the back ofthe vest and lining for the sleeves was not at all necessary.Even the richest people never had silk linings; furthermore itwas not seen. The last observation brought Wagner to one of hisindignant outbursts: "Never seen I Yes, that's the tendency ofthis country; sham, sham, in everything. That which is notseen may be paltry and mean provided only that the exteriorbe richly gilded."On his birthday he decided to wear the biretta as head gear,once sanctioned by antiquity but very uncommon and notworn by anyone in his days.The letter he wrote to his wife on the evening of this daysounded very happy, telling her about all the purchases he hadmade, and mentioning repeatedly his happiness over the thingshe had boughtAgain years passed. Minna, who had shared the years ofhunger, who had listened patiently to the dreams of her hus- band, was no more. The simple creature could not followher husband after he had reached the goal of his ambitions.His dreams had come true.But there was no part in them for her. They had separated.She had died and he had married again. It was on his fifty- eighth birthday in the drawing room of his Swiss home. Hewas talking to a life-long friend. He had on a purple dressingof an ottoman. Suddenly he jumped up and before his aston-friend knew what he was going to do he was standingon his head. His wife entered. She was dumfounded. Wag- ner recovered from his extraordinary position and lookedtriumphantly at his friends."I am fifty-eight years old," he said, "and I still can standon my head."How happy I am!" Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison andEdited and written by Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office o(New York pending. »**yI Lets,Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:00 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the SquareThursday, 8:15 p. m.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatreFriday8:15 p. m.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatreSaturday, 2:00 p. m.8 :15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the SquarePerformance at the Little ThimbleTheatreAsk or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.