Bruno's Weekly 1 1 Monday July 12, MCMXV naaq_1915-07-12_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 1 The proof that liberty is the divine ideal of man, is that she is Alphonse de Lamartine cre 1 Les Confidences: Being the Confessions of a Self-made American 1-8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square MONDAY JULY 12, MCMXV Vol. I Copyright 19 /5 by Guldo Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Alphonse de Lamartine The proof that liberty is the divine ideal of man, is that she isihe first dream of youth, and that she does not fade from oursoul until our heart is withered and our mind either debased ordiscouraged. There is not a soul twenty years old that is notrepublican. There is not a decayed heart that is not servile. Les Confidences: Being the Confessionsof a Self-made American IN the solitude of my garret have I thought about all this busi- ness that is setting aflame with barbaric rage one world andcreating uneasiness, constraining personal liberty and sowingthe seeds of hatred among brothers in the other.And because I am an American citizen, and because I thankthe belligerent countries for some of the best and most essentialthings of my life, I feel that I must voice these thoughts of mysolitude and tell them to you, who were born and raised inAmerica, and who might better understand after this, and toyou who are citizens as I am by your own choice, but whoperhaps had never time or inclination or the intuition to thinkabout it all.Well do I remember the dav on which I resolved to make•0this country my own. It was nearly a year after my arrival inthe United States. I had just finished reading the writings ofAbraham Lincoln. I wanted to be a citizen of the country thisman had lived and worked and finally died for.Hero worship! But how I would wish to be as youngagain! My ideals carried me with uncurtaiied wings high aboveall material matters—above disappointments not spared to anyof us, and all those little disasters which are part of our lives. I had admired Alexander the Great; Napoleon had beer, myideal for years. Power, strength, determination of will, mak- ing other people do what he thought was best for them,—thathad impressed me. To read the lives of these men, to studytheir methods and their actions brought me elevation and ga eme ambition.Being the product of a monarchistic system, raised in ariatmosphere of discipline, of castes and of traditions, I wasbe deeply impressed with the European Republic—with Franc-Liberte! Egalite! Fraternite!I searched for it in France and I could not find it. Maybe Iwas too young in those days; maybe I was not able to translatethe ideal into existing conditions. Maybe I was considering lifeas it was more than as it had been planned to be.And I became a cynic; I lost my belief in real things. Iwanted to live my own life outside of the community of menwhom I did not trust, who seemed to me egotists, sailing undera false flag of idealistic endeavors. Too deeply rooted in mewas my early education of respect for laws and regulations todo anything desperate, or to join the groups of the dissatisfied,of men who call themselves betterers of humanity, and whomhumanity calls outlaws, parasites or reformers.And so I decided to live my own life in the "New World,'to think as I wanted to think, to believe what I wished to be- lieve, not to know anything of government, not to be a part ofa system. As work which should furnish me with the necessi- ties of life, I chose hard menial labor. Work that anybodycould do who had strength and physical ability, where there wereno questions asked, no contracts made. I came in the morningand received my pay in the evening, if I wished to. If I didn'tlike the work, I could quit it. And while I was working to earnmy room and board, my thoughts were my own. And never inmy life did I feel freer than in those days in which I had ex- changed my pen for a shovel.I frequented the libraries. In my work clothes I strolledin, asked for any book I wished to read. Can you recollect thered tape you have to go through if you ask for a book in the ?urary in France, in Germany or in Italy? Not the big trage- iit'S of life make for unhappiness, but the small, little annoyancesspoil for us the pleasure of enjoying this world.J "I do the very best I know how, the very best I can, andmean to keep doing so 'til the end. If the end brings me outalp right, what is said against me won't amount to anything."I These are the words of Lincoln, uttered at a time when he■seemed entangled in a labyrinth of political complications. Inbad his life, I read everything I could find about him, about hiscountemporaries, and now after more than fifty years haveelapsed since his tragic death, these words of his have provent!'ue. He had been far above the criticism of his time; he hadfeen only one goal for his life, one path leading to this goal, andlie walked this path. He saw the ambushes; he anticipated thestones which would be hurled at him from behind, but he walkedpn. He had one life and the only vocation of his was to livethat life of his. His words—and his words were his life—showed me what this country meant to the world, what Americahad been and was for all nations, for all races.AND so I stood there before the clerk in a western city anddesired to make my application for American citizenship.It was a formality of a couple of minutes. I glanced over theslip of paper he handed me. There it stood, black on white,glaring into my face, that I had to renounce the sovereign, theprince whose subject I then was.There are moments in the life of every human being whenhis brain works with a hurrifying alacrity. Thoughts, memories,vivid pictures of scenes that have left an everlasting impressionshoot through the brain in terrifying quick succession. Theyfollow one the other, covering as long a stretch of years as ourconscious and unconscious memory goes back in our lives. Ithappened there to me. In the clerk's office while I was look- ing at the disinterested face of the man who wanted me to raisemy hand and repeat the oath and to be done with me. I sawmyself as a young boy singing patriotic songs. I saw myselfas a youth in uniform with unsheathed sword swearing an oath of allegiance to my king. How terrible that oath was! "Dur- ing day and night," the oath reads, "in water and on land, (inpeace and in war, will I follow his leadership, will I be loyal tohim. Even against my father and my brothers will Ibe loyalto him."iAnd then I thought how I had been educated at his ex- pense, being a beneficiary of a stipendium, how I had to than&gt;khim indirectly for my college and for my university education.And I thought of my father and of his father and of all of m;yancestors, and I thought of my brothers who wore his coat ancjspent their lives in his service, and all this I thought in lessthan a minute, and I told the clerk that I would come back orianother day to sign my declaration of intention.I do not take myself more seriously than is necessary inorder to be taken seriously by others. I always hated cere- monies and climaxes of any kind, but on that day I felt some- thing that I never had felt before. I felt I was giving birth toImyself. Instead of doing as I had done so often in questions!of importance, to wait until the moment presented itself and thenact, I decided to have it out with myself.A man who wanted to live his own life, a man who couldnot give himself up to the narrowness of his surroundings, whowas willing to give up everything, to sacrifice the fruits whichlong years of study and a professional training would havebrought him, because he could not accept certain traditions andconvictions—an iron ring around his head and an untrans- gressable wall enclosing his ambitions—must have the ability toforget, to erase out of his mind completely what has been. Orthe thoughts what could have been will come and torture himand make him regret and kill him.For years I had not thought. I felt a stranger in my ownpast, as I was sitting there in my dark little hall room thinkingof my allegiance to my king whom I had to abrogate in order tobecome an American citizen.A TEACHER paid by him or by the government whose earthlyimpersonation he is, had taught me to read and to write.His schools gave me a military training and the military disci- pline taught me that great lesson millions of our brother citizensseem never to have learned: To keep my mouth shut and obeyorders.That was about all that I wanted to say thanks for to thecountry of my birth. I came to this conclusion after I hadguided my thoughts through twenty-three years of my life. Isurprised myself at musings of sympathy and of pity for manyot those who had been associates of my youth. While my coun- try gave me my education, I had to go to other countries forfood to sustain my real self. I had to go to the philosophers ofGermany, I had to go to the poets and artists of France, I hadto go to the singers and musicians of Italy and to the dramatistsof England for all those essential things that make my real lifeworth living. And then I recollected those months that I hadspent in this new country of my choice. 1 remembered hownobody asked me questions, how nobody put obstacles in myway, how everybody seemed to take me for granted, looking intomy eyes and sizing me up as the man I seemed to be.I summed up the impressions I had received during my stayin the United States. The streets of New York loomed up inmy mind. I saw the Italian selling his Italian wares, the Ger- man the products of his country, the French the specialties ofFrance, I saw Norwegian and Swedish skippers, I saw the ghettowith its typical life, I saw the Armenian with his carpets and Isaw the Greek and the Turk and the Spaniard; in the Metropoli- tan Opera House there was German and Italian and Frenchopera. The book stores were laden with the Anglicised litera- ture of the world. The museums bore witness of everythingbeautiful that had ever been created in any part of the world atany age. The most remarkable, the most useful, the most bene- ficial things of the universe were brought here, put to the dis- posal of, annexed and assimilated by the American. And theAmerican himself had come once from one of these countriesand had taken possession of all that he found and had given inexchange all that he had.He had come as I did.And I realised that to be American means to be cosmopoli- tan. To be cosmopolitan means to be big, to be high above smallhatred and petty jealousy and ill-directed ambition. It means tobe a brother to mankind, a fellow-builder of this world.While I had felt the laws of every country that I had livedin constraining personal liberty of the individual, I saw themhere apparently made for the protection and for the benefit of thecitizen . I was young in those days!A PESSIMIST, he who has given up hope, turns easily into anenthusiast. Over there in my own country by not com- plying with the average requirements of that particular class towhom I belonged by birth and among whom to live would havebeen my fate I hardly could have done anything with my life.I always would have been the apostate.Here all paths seemed to me open to any goal I might set formyself. I had just finished reading the writings of Lincolnand I felt that everybody could do things in this country. Peo- ple would consider the merit of things done and would not ask,"Who is he—why did he do it?"I felt they would give me a chance.And how I wanted a chance!And then I thought what I would do with my life. I de- cided to stay here for good, to make America my own country.And then and. there I bade farewell to the past, to my king andto my country.I became an enthusiast again. I wanted to give everythingso as to be worthy to receive. I went up to that clerk's officeon one of the next days and made tabula rasa. I swore off anallegiance which had become sham without flesh and withoutblood.VEARS came and years passed. I found that there was a vastdifference between a Lincoln and the lives of Americans Iwas confronted with every day. I found that not everything isgold that shines. The enthusiasm cleared away like clouds—beautiful clouds, dreamy, rose-colored clouds, but never did Imiss the silver lining. I know America from East to West and from North toSouth. I know its people, those wonderful people who till thesoil, who raise cattle, who mine hundreds of yards beneath thesurface; I know the people of the city who work and schemeand labor and slave. I know the rich who had more at the dayof their birth than an average human being could ever earn inthree-score years: I know those wonderful geniuses who mould- ed their lives to their own desire, and I know the unfortunateswho await on park benches the dawn of a new day of misery.I KNOW this country, with the beauty of Italy, the romanceof Spain and of Switzerland, with the marshes and pasturesof France and of Germany. And the people are big-mindedand big-hearted; they are dreamers but builders, lovers of thebeautiful but utilizers of beauty: everything that is fit to survive—everything that was created to last forever is a part of thisUnited States. It is the cosmopolis as a whole and in its small- est village.JNEVITABLY will there arise in every community which,through individual vote, expresses its individualism by theelection of one leader, the occasion when he will have to act asthe supreme executive. The President of the United States isthe leader of every citizen. At a time of crisis he has to shoul- der the gravest responsibility that ever burdened a human be- ing. He has to think, he has to come to conclusions which meanlife and death to thousands, to millions of those who look up tohim with trust and with confidence.Would you call an American a loyal American citizen whointerferes with his President while he is meditating the gravestproblem perhaps ever to be solved by a President of the UnitedStates? Can he be called an American citizen who forgets hisoath of allegiance to this country—be it acquired by birth or byhis own free choice—and tries by means that can be called either"making use of his right of free speech" or open vulgar treasonto interfere with the highest executive who alone can act, whoalone must act and who alone will be responsible to posterity forthe occurrences during his administration? Be it good or be it bad, be it wise or be it hasty, be it peace- bringing, or involving us in a disastrous war, like one man wemust stand back of him whom we have chosen to be our Presi- dent—in the time of crisis our leader.the descendants of all nations of the world, feel todaybetter than ever that to be American means to be cosmo- politan. And while we rage against this nation or that nationwe forget above all the most vital thing in life: good taste. We,who are brother citizens of the descendants of all nations, can- not, now or ever in the future, speak ill of any nation withouthurting the feelings of a descendant of that nation who breathesour American air and who may be sitting at our table.The decision of our President must be final with us.America does not know military conscription, but everybody isexpected to be a soldier in time of need. A bad soldier is hewho discusses the possible actions of his leader ahead of theirevent. And a failure in life is he who complains and mumblesand talks even after he realizes that his choice of leader wasnot the wisest. The individual ceases to have an own will andan own opinion if he is bound by his oath and by the honor ofhis manhod to follow one leader. A coward is he who resignsin the last second, who is not willing to sacrifice his individualconvictions and even conscience for his country.There are no hyphenated citizens. There are citizens and nocitizens.OYPOCRISY it is to hoist the American flag and at the sametime incite hatred against nations. Just as cosmopolitan asthe United States are, just as cosmopolitan as its people is—and therefore truly American, the American flag is the highest andsupermost symbol of the universal love of the kindred of men.Abolished is the distinction of races. Black be the body of aman or white, as long as he has a white soul he is one of us.And white are the stripes, next to the red, red as the blood thatpulsates in the veins of everything that is alive, of everythingthat is created and might find its way to the hospitable shores ofthe land of liberty. And the dome of blue arches above all ofus in all parts of both hemispheres and the stars are there, thosekind, benevolent eyes of eternity which follow us wherever wego, that bring peace to our hearts and hope and beauty, if weonly lift our eyes to find them.And because every one of the belligerent countries gave mean essential part of my life, and because I lived in all of them,and because I claimed the United States as my own, and be- cause I am looking to our President as to my leader and to theUnited States as my just claimant, I feel that to be an Americanmeans to be cosmopolitan.