Bruno's Weekly 3 15 September 23rd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-09-23_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 15 Sadakichi Illustration 1 To Sadakichi Hartmann George Sylvester Viereck cre 3 Sadakichi Hartmann A Contemporary Study Renouf Whelpley cre 3-4 Sadakichi Illustration 3 Sadakichi in critical attitude during a First Night Illustration 4 "Beloved, When My Dust Is Blown " Herbert S. Gorman cre 4 Creation Guido Bruno cre 5 Clara Tice: Her Portrait Illustration 5 Two Things by Elizabeth M. Walker 6 The Fable of the Fire and the Furnace H. Thompson Rich cre 6 Silhouettes John E. Rosser cre 6 THE VAMPIRE; A Nocturn in Black By Djuno Barnes Illustration 7 The Princess of the Looms Lillian George cre 7 Harry Stone: The Possessor of 60,000 Original Drawings With Six Illustrations From His Collection 8-9 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Oscar Wilde: Poems In His Praise 10-11 Ode to Oscar Wilde WILLIAM SALISBURY cre 10 To Sebastian Melmoth JOHN W. DRAPER cre 10 C 33 HAROLD H. CRONE cre 10 Oscar Wilde JUBAL AGMENON cre 10 Impressions of Oscar Wilde ALLAN NORTON cre 10 And So I Have Not Seen Your Face: To Oscar Wilde ALLAN NORTON cre 10 To Oscar Wilde ALFRED DOUGLAS cre 11 A Great City at Night JAMES WALDO FAWCETT cre 11 A Rebel FLORA H. WANDELL cre 11 Contemporary Caricature of Oscar Wilde Illustration 11 HC. BUNNER, justly resurrected lately by our H C. Bunner cre 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Two People The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 11-12 Why and How I Got Married 13 A Simple Tale A. G., (New Rochelle, N. Y cre 13 Sweet Memories An artist's widow, (West Hoboken, N. J cre 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 siuras to EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents September 23d 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, September 23d, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Bruno; but that permission maybe assumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage• i i. • Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall notuse your name if you do not wish us to do.so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writ®it down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,/ t s ■ S58 Washington Square, New York City. ' , * . ,• • ' ' , • ) . ' _ . &lt; , ' •' 'A Mf&amp;feVliEvery week those stories which are printed will be paid for at space rates.The contest will close on October 1st, 1916, and the stories should be lim- ited to three hundred words.SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 15 SEPTEMBER 23d MCMXVI Vol. 11l BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of MarchvSrd, 1897. Sadakichi To Sadakichi Hartmann George Sylvester Viereck IMMORTAL Master!Whose poor mortal handPenned "Christ" and "Buddha."With rapt admiration I read—Nay—drank—-The silvery splendor of thy luminous lines,And drunk with Beauty, was no longer Clay.Thy language—Is stately and ornate—As ever was Greece and Rome,And as clear as the limbs of the goddessWho rose from the white sea foam.I watched thy soul in its endless flightTo heights unknown in Heaven and Hell,Beyond the mystic rose, beyond the night.Music came floating through endless spaceAnd the Vale of Sound I entered in.Sound as sweet as the songs of the swallowThat through the woodland sings—In the time of the wakening of Spring—When the red rose is blooming and blushing,Blooming and blushing with Love and with Sin—Beautiful, Scarlet Sin.And then—I heard music—The music of Odors.Odors sweeter by far than thoseOf the poppy and the rose—Or the pale lilies of the Lesbian Shore—And in my breast there was a yearning,And then I awoke, and saw thy star no more. Sadakichi Hartmann A Contemporary Study Renouf Whelpley Sadakichi Sadakichi in critical attitude during a First Night FEW men ever started so brilliantly or held out fairerpromise. When he published his drama Christ—written at the age of twenty—there was every reason tobelieve that a great word-artist was born unto us, andthat American literature was about to have a "Dela- croix," or rather a "Monticelli of letters."But his fine rush soon slackened and the expectedmasterpieces did not materialize. He has writtencopiously, mostly on art, but his literary output isappallingly small. Only now and then, at long intervals,a poem or short story. And then of course his WhistlerBook. Still, art-writing does not represent him at hisbest. Why this idleness! Well, it is not of his own doing,rather due to the lack of enthusiasm in contemporarypublishers, editors, and printers. Most of his manuscriptslie still unpublished in the drawers of his desk, and somemay have gone astray in some trunk left for a board bill.Two of his books, "Conversations with Walt. Whitman"and "My Theory of Soul Atoms," although printed, werenever put on the market. Reason: lack of cash ondelivery. They were returned to the printer and sold byweight.And all this was caused by the trouble he had with"Christ." The author was ostracised and his fiery pieceof work, full of boldness and dash, and splendid in color,was allowed to languish in the "locked shelves" of ourlibraries. Not a single American writer was far-sightedor independent enough to champion it. * Now, it bringsa premium of five dollars at auction sales. The samefarce through the ages. And Sadakichi with his seven unpublished books! Heis still the same fanatic in quest of glory and daily bread.He may have lost some of his belief in man and human- ity, but not his faith in his dreams and his talent.The son of a German father and a Japanese mother,of a burgomaster's son from Mecklenburg, the only European state without a Constitution, and the daughterof a Tonin, a roving soldier of Old Japan. Surely a weirdcombination that had to produce something out of theordinary. Sadakichi is much more Japanese than Ger- man. His style is extravagant but suave. Some of hisshort stories are as excessive and intense as Poe's, onstrictly realistic lines. The utmost bounds of expressionare reached, even his originality is aggressive. Hisdramas—will they ever be accepted! Their splendor isall fire and flame, nothing short of barbarous. His poems, on the other hand, are all filigree work, the most difficultforms, dripping with technique to express a vague vista,color and motion in words. And the best efforts of thisman were buried in obscure or inaccessible publications.His whole conduct of life is full of contradictions.What else can one expect! When Gottschalk, the actor,met him for the first time, he exclaimed in despair "Withthe face of an Oriental, the brain and accent of a Ger- man, the wiry build of an American, and the manners ofa Frenchman—who is this man?" He attempts to beRabelaisean in his indulgences, with the constitution ofCharles IX. An invalid half his life, often spendingthree days of every week in bed, "my ailments are ex- ceeded only by my debts" he laughs, and then indulgingin some tour de force, of writing seventeen hours in astretch, or dissipating three nights without sleep, or dano- ing a solo of the Blue Danube Valtz with an encore ofOffenbach's La Belle Helene at some public ball. In- credible!Look at his face. Handsome? Not a bit. Downrightugly, not unlike Zangwill. At times tired and sordidlooking, A veritable gargoyle. And then suddenly itwill brighten as if lit up by some inner flame, with a playof features as subtle and unfathomable as Easternphilosophy. "Why did you not become an actor?" he isfrequently asked. "Because I chose to be an author,"is his answer.He has written so much about other people that fewmay have written about him. Of course there are reamsof press notices, but they do not count. Among the moreserious estimates I came across articles by Anne Throop,A. Craig (apparently the same person), Roland Rood,Edith Mable Hancock, Viereck, Otto Soubron, J. Conrad, the novelist, Vance Thompson, and shorter pragraphsby Philip Hale, Huneker, Richard Hovey, WilliamMarion Reedy, George Brandes, Remy de Gourmont.They all seem to agree on two points, expressed best,perhaps, in the two commonplace definitions of "unusualability" and "extraordinary personality." They do notattempt to place him, nor get they at the real Sadakichi. He is evasive. He is frank, but allows nobody to comevery close to him. He has no pose and dresses in thesimplest least noticeable manner, like a man who likesto mingle with the crowd without attracting attention.He never speaks about his works to strangers. Thereis no frippery about him, nor the assumption of a placehe cannot fill. "I have certain gifts" he sighs, "so Ihave to live up to them. The public apparently gives meplenty of time to finish my work. Perhaps it is all for thebetter. Of course, I would like to see my stuff pub- lished. But as far as an audience is concerned, it isvery indifferent to me whether I find it among my con- temporaries or among their grandchildren." And whatshould one read to get better acquainted with thismodern knight of La Mancha? Read this short story"The Practice Clavier," "The Lady of the Yellow Yon- quils" or "Nancy Pennington," his poem "Sea-Nocturne," some of his art essays on sculpture, perfume,fireworks, and finally his Buddha, "a thing all color,sound and incense," as Vance Thompson has said, astrange mixture of lyrical pantheism, of Shelley and theIbsen of the Peer Gynt period.You will not burn incense before a false god. "Beloved, When My Dust Is Blown " Herbert S. Gorman BELOVED, when my dust is blownBefore the coursers of the wind,And out upon the darkness blindMy vagrant soul fares forth alone.Remember me a little whileAnd think that I shall speak to youIn every bird that scales the blue,And, dreaming of me, gladly smile.I shall be near as oft of yore,For, being dead, I shall not die;And each glad wind that hurries byShall blow my laughter through your door. Creation By Guido Bruno LOVE was seated at the bay window of the tower roomand looked down to the Earth which was to you alabyrinth of a thousand recesses. /She saw you gropeyour way and stumble and fall. She saw how you raisedyourself again looking for a new path. And again youstumbled.Love smiled meaningly. But you could not find yourway in the chaos. The things that surrounded youseemed to have false names; darkness hovered aboveeverything and a confusion of voices that caused painto your nerves. Love leaned far out of the gilded windowand her eyes followed you—you who had disappeared inthe darkness of a rugged, steep road."The silly child!" she said to her boy, who was seatedat her feet playing with a long string of emeralds thatfastened with golden clasps the mantle around hershoulders: pink fantasie. "Why can't she be patientand wait? Does she have to create pain and sorrow anddisappointments for herself?"She is meant for him. She must be his. And thenshe will be quiet and happy and content and in him shewill find everything that she was looking for in vain allthis time.""Let her . . . ." remarked Father Time, who was lyingmotionless on his big divan breathing quietly so that hislong white beard rose and sank in even intervals. "Shemust experience how it feels before one is born.""But it is tiresome to have to witness the same oldplay again and again. All of them went through it. Allof them for thousands of years. And still it is always apleasure for my old eyes to see how the two have to findtheir way after their real birth in the light, wide, beauti- ful world. Not everyone can wait until the time arrives,but I can. And therefore they call me Father Time.""Oh, look!" cried Love, with her clear, wonderfulsounding voice that creates revolutions in the hearts ofman, that proclaims a dawn of creation.Father Time knew its meaning. Slowly and withdignity he arose—even if he is in a hurry he never for- gets to be deliberate and dignified. With measured stepshe approached the window. The boy leaned far over thewindow-sill after he had brushed aside some flowers thatwere in his way.Dark lay the world deep below.All looked down in the direction in which Love pointedwith her finger. A broad golden band was on her finger—a serious symbol of truth. In a badly-lighted room, among many people whosenames meant nothing, were you. And I was there. High,high above us sounded a wonderful voice.Love said: "Let there be light.""You looked into my eyes and I looked into yours."You were born."And I was born."You took my hand. Together we wandered throughthe world. Everything became new in shape. We calledit by its right name. We found straight streets and evenways. We didn't stumble any more. We did not fall."And so we are on our pilgrimage, side by side. Every day is a new day of creation. We are the creators.Everywhere we see light and order. You found your ownworld and you brought it to me. And I found my ownworld and I brought it to you. The world is ours. Weare its creators.The window high up there is closed. The boy clungto the skirts of Love and followed her. Love left herpalace and took possession of her new home. She movedin into your heart. Then again she paid me a visit andstayed a while. Now we never know where she is.Sometimes you think her with me and sometimes I feelshe must be with you. And she wishes to be with bothof us.Love wants to lay her head to rest in your heart, andshe wants to bathe her graceful little feet in my red,warm heart-blood.And in the evening when the stars and the moon can- not look any longer into the room, when we embrace,breast against breast: when your trembling fingers glidethrough my hair, when I caress your smooth soft skinwith the tips of my fingers: when you are close, closeto me, your lips on mine: one body and one heart Do you feel how she caresses your heart with herlong, silky eyelashes? And how wonderful it feels if shekicks her little feet in my heart's blood, if she lets theheavy, excited blood-drops glide through her tiny, ivorytoes. Father Time is settled again comfortably on his divan.He put a new soft pillow under his head and seems tofeel at ease. He strokes lovingly his beard and murmurs:"It is nice to be quiet and sedate and to progress thought- fully into the immeasurable unknown. But love has itstill better than I—even if she has to walk out into thecold, into wind and weather."She builds for herself a little red palace, she restsher head upon the wild heart-throb of the world, thatshe created, and bathes her little feet in the hot bloodof pure passion. Slowly his eyelids drop over his tiredeyes and patiently he will wait another term of eternity.But the world is ours.Yours and mine.How luminous Love is!More luminous than a thousand suns.August 10th 1909. Clara Tice: Her Portrait Two Things by Elizabeth M. Walker Man INTO the world I came, unasked,It matters not by what intent,But if I claim not power hereMy life were idly spent.The earth is mine, the air I breatheIs mine to conquer. I can giveThe ocean back a challenge. IAm Master while I live.I know not if I die to-night,Of if I greet the morning sun;It matters not,—but while I liveI say, "My will be done!" A Prayer GOD: My back aches and the baby cries; my man'sdrunk; I can't keep the children clean; we ain't gotno money—and no bread. My stockins is all wore out andthe Aid won't help me because the Friendly did. Jennieruns the streets and the children can't play in the Park be- cause of no clothes. Oh God, why do they knit for theBelgians and the churches say 'Blessed are the Poor for ofthem was Christ'?" The Fable of the Fire and theFurnace H. Thompson Rich THERE was once a great fool of 3. Fire, who went wan- dering hither and thither about the world, with nothought at all in his silly head of settling down and endinghis vagrant days.One morning he came upon a curious individual seated bythe roadside, tall and stout, and dark."Why, upon my word!" he erclaimed in derision. "Sucha foolish fellow, to be sitting there dreaming when the wholeworld is before you. Who are you, anyway?""I am a Furnace," replied the strange personage in a gruffvoice, angry no doubt at being disturbed. "And who mightyou be?"The haughty Fire puffed himself out and pompouslystated his claim to pride, dwelling rather tediously upon thevarious convolutions of his pedigree.When he had concluded, the Furnace laughed heartily*"Foolish one," he said, "give up your wandering and staywith me, for together we can do many things. What a pitywe have not met before!" Silhouettes By John E. Rosser Room 44 I AM just an ordinary hotel room—somewhat out ofdate in my appointments. For two-score years menand women have eddied into me and out again. I knowLife.When people come in and close my door, they dofftheir masks and are themselves. With me they play noroles. I know the stertorous snoring of them weary in bodyand soul, of them with whom the Great Battle has gonehard. To these I am a mother, soothing them to sleep,if I may.I know the restless tossing and moaning of them whohave taken that which is not theirs, pausing with me intheir flight to the end of the world. To these, whetherI will or not, I am a monster of a thousand eyes, athousand ears, and a thousand tongues.I have seen strong men Hay aside their brave smilesat the door and fling themselves upon the bed, sobbinglike children.Sometimes they come in twos.That uneven splotch there by the dresser is where shelay. Nervous and trembling she had entered withhim. . . The door was forced open—you can see the lockis fairly new—and the Other Man began firing. She didnot speak, merely covering her face with her hands. Onthe third finger of her left hand she wore two rings.At the little table there by the window a Presidentwas made. They sat facing each other over the table—the Strong Man and the Weakling. Finally, the StrongMan, with a soft voice but a firm jaw, told the Weaklinghe would do. . . What was all the voting for?I have seen a smoothly smiling man enter with ayoung girl whose eyes were wide like those of a newlycaptured doe. . . First she repeated the Pater Noster.To some I have been not an eddy but the entrance tothe Great Harbor. The glass there on the table has beento some the Chalice of the Long Sleep. One usedthe knife; another bound a towel tightly about herthroat; still another held his face beneath the water ofthe bath. Revolvers—how many? No matter how theytook their leave, all looked long and steadfastly at them- selves in the mirror before they went.I know Life. Thus the World WITH a clangor of bell, hissing of steam and gridingof wheels the Limited came to a stop beneath thestation shed. The guards rolled back the gates and thehurrying, bustling, laughing, growling crowd beganscuffing past the ticket punchers toward the waitingtrain. . . In the crowd, yet not of it, a middle-agedwoman, her black bonnet veiled with crepe still redolentof the shop, leaned heavily on the arm of a man whoseface was white and drawn. Her body shook with silentsobs. Slowly, and as if she would not although shemust, she turned her eyes toward a stream of expresstrucks which were being trundled alongside the baggagecoaches of the Limited."Oh, Tom!" she gasped, "where is our Genevieve?"The man merely pressed her arm against his side, andconvulsively crumpled the tickets in his hand.Up ahead the train baggage master grumbled out anoath as his eyes ran over the profusion of boxes andbundles that were to be taken on. He saw that onetruck bearing a long box of gray-painted wood wascaught in a jam some distance from a car door."Hey, Bill " he called to the conductor, "back her upa bit; we gotta take on this stiff " THE VAMPIRE; A Nocturn in Black By Djuno Barnes The Princess of the Looms By Lillian George ONCE upon a time there was a Princess, who lived in atower high above the city. The people called the crestupon which her castle rested the strange hill, but the wisemen who lived in the mountains and were reputed to knowall things, called it the "Hill of Dreams."The Princess was very fair indeed and most industrious.Day after day she wove wondrous tapestries; prints of fairladies and brave knights; vivid and changeful scenes of hillsand dales; rivers and streams; flying banners and gayprocessions; and ever leading the retinue was the samepicture of a fair young Prince in full armour, mounted ona snow white charger.These she wove in the day hours when the sun was bright,but at night when the moon shown silver and cool into herwindow, she drew the silver bolt across the oaken doorand took from her carven chest of ivory, a jewel casket—acasket most delicately wrought in curious designs. Turningthe golden lock with a silver key, she drew forth betweenher snow-white fingers a rope of pearls measuring its lengththrice around her slender throat."My pearls," she said, _ "my beautiful thought pearls,strung in the shadowed solitude of night, I shall wear youfor him, my Prince, when he comes. None other shall be- hold you."Next, lovingly she drew a ruby ring, that flashed its burn- ing warmth into the moon-lit room."My heart's desire," she said, "I shall wear you on mywedding night when he is here, my Prince. You shall lightjoy into his eyes, and none other shall behold you till theyhave rested on your beauty."Two white diamonds, gleaming as twin stars, fashionedin a crown of amethysts, she placed upon her flowing hair."White glow of faithfulness," she said, "I shall wear youfor him. You shall burn into his soul the light of fidelity, and none other shall behold you. Dearer than all you shallbe to me, for even in death you shall rest upon my brow.'*Day after day she wove the tapestry of many weaves;night after night she looked upon the dream jewels of hercasket, but the Prince did not appear. Never upon the roaddid she hear the footfall of the white charger, never in thebreeze of morn or eye behold the gay feather floating fromhis helmet; till on a day, the Princess growing weary of herweaving and her waiting, went down the long stair steps ofthe tower into the fragrance of her gardens, hoping to berefreshed there by the fragrance of the first spring flowers,to look into the untroubled blue of the heavens, and to listento the happy thoughtless birds singing in the buddingbranches. There in her garden she espied a young gardenerturning the moist earth with a heavy spade."What do you plant, young gardener?" she said, and he*looking up in amazement to behold the pale Princess stand- ing beside him, answered,—"I plant lilies, Your Grace, earlylilies."When he looked up at her with great large dark eyes,,filled with an eloquence of innocence and youth, simpleliving and unpretentious bravery and undaunted manhood,her own eyes filled suddenly with tears, her lips trembled*her cheeks turned whiter than the lily bloom, for she knewhim—the face she had woven, the face she had dreamed,her Prince in the face of a gardener. Yet she spoke bravely,commandingly, as a queen should."Come young gardener to me in my tower tonight atmoonlight."That night the young gardener, as he was bid, climbedwonderingly the tower stairs. Green moss clung to hisgarments, drops of the gentle dew of evening glistened inhis dark hair. There in the moonlight at the casement,standing arrayed in all her beautious dream jewels, he be- held the Princess. The young gardener fell upon his knees,thinking indeed a Saint had fallen from heaven, so beautifulwas she, with such a strange light within her eyes, and overher the moonbeems gleamed as upon a shrine."Oh, most lovely one, most glorious one, you honor myhumbleness so to bless my vision. My children shall know112of this, and my childrens' children, and I shall be great inthe eyes of them that come after me for the sake of yourgoodness.""Your children," said the Princess, and she sighed a sighthat sounded like diying winds of the bleak Autumn, windsthat sing at the tops of pine trees."I hope," said the gardener, much embarrassed andabashed, "for, Your Highness, I marry in June a little maidenin your service, a little maiden ..."Enough" said the Princess,'"Give this to your happybride from me." And she took from her finger the red rubyof her heart's desire.Day by day the Princess weaves her tapestries; gay ladiesand brave gentlemen; brooks and streams; sunlight andstars; but never at the head of the procession is seen theportrait of the young Prince on the wihte charger in fullarmour. Yet, even as the sunlight changes into dusk sheweaves in the gold of its last fading ray the portrait of theyoung gardener bending over a bed of young lilies. Atnight when the moon is shining into the casement of thetower, it touches a little silver key around the thoat of ThePrincess, hung there by a golden chain. The carven casketof jewels is unopened, the lock is rusted, and the Princessdreams over and over only of the gardener and the gardner'schildren. Harry Stone: The Possessor of60,000 Original Drawings With Six Illustrations From His Collection ANEW type of bookseller has developed during thelast twenty-five years—a man who combines partof the knowledge of the antiquarian of yore with the'qualities the modern collector and book buyer will re- quest from his agent. Books and literary property havebecome commercial values equal to stocks which arelisted upon the stock exchange: subject to cornerscreated by shrewd buyers and holders, to fluctuationscaused by selling en masse. The successful rare-bookdealer of today must operate with his wares like a stockbroker. The banker who starts with business with alimited capital and operates on a legal interest basis hasvery little chance to become rich. But if he succeedsin acquiring with his limited capital the entire stock ofa mine which proves a success after he acquired it hasequal chances to make money as the rare-book dealerwho has had the good fortune to buy for a farthing theentire literary property of a man who proves a celebrityafter his death and whose manuscripts are worth ahundred times their weight in gold.Harry Stone is a book dealer of the new type. Heacquired his knowledge here and there. The desire towander from his earliest youth made him pass theentrance exam into the university of hard knocks. Healwayst loved books. He was always buying books.Eagerly he absorbed books on books, articles abouthooks and authors and . . . Auction Prices Current. Arter he had acquired a collection of curious bookswhich would fill the shelves of a store hestarred his shop on Fourth Avenue, that avenue that onceled to the Astor Library and that was lined with book- shops on both sides.He not only appreciated the commercial value ofbooks, but he read them. Especially those that werescarce and more valued than other works by the sameauthors. And he learned to respect the men who wrotethese books. His shop became the gathering-place ofliterateurs. Wrecked hopes of authors and publishersfound in Stone's shop a safe harbor. He paid a fairprice for everything of value offered him and soon hewas known as the dealer in quaint and curious booksand pamphlets. Good fortune knocked on his door. One rich find cameafter another. He was able to supply collectors andother book dealers with long-sought-after items.Recently he acquired the most complete collection ofAmerican drawings by magazine illustrators that was ever gathered under one roof. Sixty thousand specimensof American and foreign artists whose works have ap- peared in American illustrated magazines he boughtfrom the files of leading publishers. In an astonishingly short time he made himselfacquainted with his new field. He became a walkingencyclopaedia of American illustrators. He searchedlibraries and other resourches for biographical data of lesser-known artists whose works are included in hiscollection. He studied the different periods of artdevelopment in America and again he made his shopnot only the gathering-place of his customers but aainteresting meeting-place of artists and of connoisseur®.He is very young—not thirty yet—a bright youngfellow with a keen sense of appreciation; because heknows that only the good will stand the proof of timeand will last and will eventually become a good invest- ment. He knows the border-line between artist andbusinessman; he never transgresses into foreign ter- ritory, and therefore one can call him justly an idealist,at times—when he talks about art. Oscar Wilde: Poems In His Praise Ode to Oscar Wilde WILLIAM SALISBURY 7\/0 Pantheon proclaims you great,* * No fervid orators bestowJa florid words the tribute of the state,And yet we crown you—we, who know.With wreaths of immaterial bays,Eternal laurel leaves that naughtCan fade, we garland you to rule alwaysA prince, a royal prince of thought.Who else with wisdom could such wit combineTo give us volumes in a single line? vMot merely British, nor yet ErseAre you, and vain it were to seekA likeness to your wondrous prose or verseOutside the pages of some Greek.What Aristotle taught, you knew,And what Anacreon. Your penWith facile grace Pindaric odes could do,Or make the sophists live again.With you we join the Dionysiac dancela revels lighted by a moonbeam's lance.Old Hellas gave your spirit birth,And in the flesh, mayhap, you walkedAmid the choicest spirits of the earthAnd with Academicians talked.Or fair Aspasia cried "a hit!"And all at her symposium laughed,Repeating epigrams of Wildean witi4s to your health their goblets quaffed:—&gt;"O Pericles! just listen—how correct:'Brute reason hits below the intellect'."Reincarnated in our time,Apostle of the highest creedIn art, you wrote for Beauty's sake; sublimeIn thought, you met our souls' great need.Aloof, removed from common strife,Contemning common folk's applause,You reached at last so weird a plane of lifeYou hated nature's common laws.Immortal man, yet gripped by spirits fell.With head in heaven, but with feet in hell!Yet, e'en philosophers loved so,'Tis said; and it is true, though sad,That Dante and great Michel AngeloWere likewise just a little mad.And these, and others who are greatIn art, we judge by art alone. zWe love them for the beauty they create.We let them call their souls their own.And so we love YOU, Oscar Wilde. Your nameIs great, and amaranthine is your fame. m t c,rießm?r To Sebastian Melmoth JOHN W. DRAPER /KNOW thee well: 1 know thy worth, thy sin.If "Beauty save the world" as Gorki said.Then of that saving grace thy soul hath been;And, when before the Final Judgment dread,They spirit comes, Eternal LovelinessShall place a crown of laurel on thy head;And, though thy sin be great, thine art shall dressThee in the panoply of infinite peace.Of Beauty on the world, that cannot cease.The lamp of beauty, suffering no decrease,Shall luminate the angels. As for thee,God is the Judge: let men wait silently. C 33 HAROLD H. CRONE JUTE has woven rose-vinesAbout the empty heart of night,And vented his long mellowed winesOf dreaming on the desert whiteWith searing sophistry.And he tented with far thruths he would formThe transient bosoms from the thorny tree.O Materna! to enrich thy gold headAnd wavering shoulders with a new light shedFrom penitence, must needs bring pain,And with it song of minor, broken strain.But you who hear the lamp whisper thru nightCan trace paths tear-wet, and forget all blight. Oscar Wilde JUBAL AGMENON A POLISHED, bright, and glistening gemWhose luster, hid beneath a moldOf darkened mystery, doth gleam,And everlasting sway doth hold.Great Genius—ah, that mystic king,Who holds the fate of cowering Man,Who blazes trails with strokes that ring,Who crumbles e'en the strongest ban,Helped trim the light and fired the flame,And bade it shine through clouds of scorn;Raised high above the stars the nameOf him who unto woe was born.However ugly be the vine,Shall it, condemned, uprooted be,If rich and luscious is its wine?Shall it not stand at Justice's plea?Men cursed the mold God placed him in;They formed the rules that gaveThe power to further curse his "sin"And placed him in unhallowed grave.And then they called their verdict wise,Forgetting he was still God's kinThey judged him by their puny size;He knew that he would win.Oh God be kind to such as theyWho disregard Thy plans expressedIn forms of clay, and firm arrayTo stamp out at their wild behest.Yes, God be kind, for many moreWhom Thou hast made like this poor child,Though none may to his great heights soar,Sink. God have pity! God be mild!t t t n a j a u/r it* xr Impressions of Oscar Wilde ALLAN NORTON GALLOON ED with gaiety the UnicornIs mad with music and his self-made mask,And yet his tired feet have time to baskAnd his hands wit to blow the beaten horn.Now, as he plays, there treaks a shining poolOf poesy—while in the floating pondThe flowers tremble, for with his gray wandSwans become swine, and swine are beautiful.Forger of fame, man follows his own assInto oblivion. And yet the glassEmptied of living is more full sometimesOf sunshine things and star-spun tribute rhymes.For you the moons are still, peace has no poise.One day you fell—and did not make a noise. (from Saloon Sonnets: with Sunday flootings) And So I Have Not Seen Your Face: To Oscar Wilde ALLAN NORTON BETTER to have lived, one dayWith you than all the months of May,Than all the years of reddest fruitOn which the centuries take root,Than all the thousand years to comeWhen Christ shall call to Christendom,Than all the endless eons to beThe windmills of eternity.0 happy to have lived with you!And lived and loved and died with you,And sat beside the side of you,And known that in the heaven's hueThere was no color like your eye,No voice your own could not outvie,No value in the whispered wordOf bird or wind you had not heard.1 would have given all my soulAnd all my heart and all the wholeHigh avenues of my desireTo have bqen near to . you entire.I would have given my renownTo lift upon your heart a crown,I would have given all my nameTo add a finger to your fame.We fled toother out of spaceAnd our fulfilment was this earth,But nature gave you first your birth,And so I have not seen your face.Nor ever have I felt your handOr looked upon your outward mien—Ah, such a little bridge did standOur lives between.I would have given all my soul,Thrice turned my back fupon the goal,For one right moment like a gemBut to have touched your garment's hem. (from Saloon Sonnets: with Sunday flootings) To Oscar Wilde ALFRED DOUGLAS /DREAMED of you last night, 1 saw your faceAll radiant and unshadowed of distress,And as of old, in measured tunefulness,I heard your golden Voice and marked you traceUnder the common thing the hidden grace9And conjure wonder out of emptiness,Till mean things put on Beauty like a dress,And all the world was an enchanted place.And so I knew that it was well with you,And that unprisoned, gloriously free,Across the dark you stretched me out your hand.And all the spite of besotted crew,(Scrabling on pillars of Eternity)How small it seems! Love made me understand. December 10. 1900 From Frank Harris' "Oscar Wilde : His Life and Confessions " A Great City at Night JAMES WALDO FAWCETT COOL languid city,Sick with sleep,Dark hearted, silent.Mystic, deep,Wild haunted, tortured,Aged of wrong,Sordid, repulsive,Theme of song. A Rebel FLORA H. WANDELL SHUT up in a citadel,O, poor throbbing heart,Like a prisoner you dwell,A Rebel from the start.Shut up in its cage,With its battered wings,The bird frets in rage;Yet, still it sings.So the heart defiantChafes against the wrong,A rebellious termageant;Still sings its song. Contemporary Caricature of Oscar Wilde H C. Bunner HC. BUNNER, justly resurrected lately by our• distinguished contemporary, Puck, wrote somecharming verses on the fly leaves of his books which hededicated to some of his friends. In an old scrap bookI found his silhouette, reproduced here, and a collectionof these verses from which I select the following few. On a fly leaf of a copy of "More Short Sixes" for Mr.Adolph Schwartzmann, the publisher of Puck:You encouraged this child of the tale-tellers brain;So it's not very strange that it seeks you again,To bear the best greetings its father can sendOn behalf of the book, to the book's kindest friend.A Western paper copied Mr. Brunner's poem, "OnerTwo, Three!" and credited it to Eugene Field, where- upos Mr. Brunner sent Mr. Field the following metricalprotest:Nutleyy New Jersey,Jan. 27, 1893.To Eugene Field.Concerning a Ewe Lamb.O You who sing so many songsThat please so many, many kids,Whose Mus's offspring come in throngsThat Fate to my poor Muse forbids—They give to You, (and take from Me,)My one lone little "One, Two, Three !" Two People The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno (Continued from last issue) AND so I decided to start a new life. Fate put mein a feathered nest and put golden chains aroundmy hands. I will destroy to-night what my birth gaveme and I, myself, will give birth to my new life. And I want you to help me do it. We were at a receptionto-night. I bade father and mother goodj-night. Theythought I was going upstairs to retire. Nobody saw meslip out of the house. I didn't dare to go to my roomto change my clothes for fear of being detected. 1 hadpacked my satchel in the afternoon and placed it securelyunder the hall tree."Therefore, I want you to keep me safely in a placewhere I can hide for about eight days, during which time,I will transform myself into a working girl who won'tbe any different from any other girl that earns her liv- ing. I will get a position, and I have also my definiteplans about my future vocation. All I am concernedabout at present is to avoid being detected and broughtback to my home. You will understand easily why Idon't want you to see my face or know my name. Mydisappearance from my, home will be noticed in themorning. At first they will try to locate me quietly.They naturally will not succeed. So they will have toturn to the police and it won't be long until the paperswill be filled with the mysterious disappearance of oneof New York's heiresses. If you never saw my face and1 didn't tell you my name, you can never be blamed andcan even declare on oath that you didn't know me, andnever saw me. Now tell me again that you will havethe courage to help me. You don't want me to mentionmoney but I have all my jewelry with me which is atleast twenty-five thousand dollars worth, and I took itfrom home just for the one purpose, to give it to theman who is going to help me create my new life. Willyou be this man?"I reassured her and then I said, "I will have a cup ofcoffee and then I am going to leave you. You'll haveto make yourself comfortable as well as you can. Didyou leave a message for your parents? They will beterribly frightened in the morning when they discoveryour absence. Did you think of that?"She said she had left a note explaining what she hadintended to do and I believe she was sincere in herregret to cause me all that trouble. But she seemedmightily relieved to know that I would leave her solemistress of the apartment for the remainder of the night.I drank a cup of coffee, showed her to her bedroom,instructed her to let the water run for a while if shewanted a cold drink, and made myself ready to leave."Now, if you'll give me twenty-five cents, I shall sendyou up some breakfast to-morrow morning. I wish Icould extend real hospitality to you but I told you, Ihaven't got a penny to my name, and so you'll have topay your own board."We shook hands, I left the apartment.I had lied when I said I would put up with a friend.I had a lot of acquaintances but was not intimate enoughwith anybody to bring him out of bed at two o'clock inthe morning and ask for a night's lodging. And so Istrolled down towards Washington Square, picked out abench far away from the electric light, in a dark corner,and settled myself comfortably for the night.The poor thing! I thought. How plucky she is. Andhow crazy. And I always thought of her hands and Iwondered if she was asleep or pondering over the futureproblems of her life. I believed she was asleep. Shewas conscious of doing the right thing. She evidently was sure she had solved the problem of her life: earningtheir own living! just to think if they could realize theirdreams as quickly and happily as that little fool that wassleeping in my bed.Little fool! I despised myself for having thought inthis way of her. It was getting cold and I decided towalk for a while. I thought of myself. I thought of allthat had happened since I left the club. What did shesay? We had a right to spend our money that we receivein fair exchange for our work?Why had I refused that offer? Why had I refused toexecute the arch of the bridge? Because it was againstmy pride to commercialize my art. Commercialize myart? I thought of the millions that perhaps would delightto look at it, and I thought of the man whose name itwould bear and to whose memory it was to be erected:and they told me that there was a lot of more work in thefuture to be done for the public and to be paid for by thepublic. Of course, I had other plans for the future. Butwas I justified to live a life such as I had done untilnow? Just working at what I pleased to and wheneverI pleased to. Finding a Macaenas once in awhile andliving regularly on credit. Wasn't my life very similarto the life this strange girl had thrown overboard dis- gustedly tonight? After all, was it cowardice thatprevented me from putting my talent and my ability ofexecution at the disposal of the public as a fair exchangefor my living expenses?I must have walked miles. I found myself in theneighborhood of my club/ I dropped in. Nobody wasin the library. Walking had made me hungry and Iordered a big breakfast. I was sitting long in a com- fortable chair, thinking and dozing. It was almost seveno'clock as I left the building to go back to my apartment.I felt happy and gay as I hadn't felt for a long while.I stopped in at a little lunch room on Sixth Avenuewiiere I was known and had them put a twenty-five centbreakfast on a tray, cover it up with a napkin, and Icarried it upstairs to my apartment. I rang my own belland my guest opened. She wore one of my pajamasuits, my bathrobe and a black veil over her face. Sheassured-me she had slept as fine as never before in herlife and was very, very hungry.I repaired to the bathroom and proposed to her to takebreakfast while I was taking a morning plunge andchanging my clothes.She really had eaten all that was on the plates. I feltsplendid. The sun was shining through the high windowsand the room with its old-fashioned furniture and thefireplace in front of us looked real cozy to me."I was not as discreet," she said, "as you might haveexpected me to be. I woke up early in the morning andhaving nothing to dress in, I poked about your things.I know who you are and you are not a stranger to me.I know you from that marble statue you exhibited lastyear. A friend of my family who knows you, told usabout your eccentricities. Is it true that you refused toexecute work that would have brought you thousands ofdollars because you wouldn't commercialize your art?I felt a bit uneasy and did not reply. The black veilon her face irritated me for the first time and I wonderedwhat color her eyes might be. Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. A Simple Tale A. G., (New Rochelle, N. Y.) Part I. WE meet at a soiree in October 1879, she was a charm- ing Brunette, her naive bashfulness completely•aptivated me.My age was 21 and she 18.I expressed my love to my father, who objected forreasons as follows "you should look for an heiress not apoor girl for a wife."To disobey his wishes was out of the question, so I leftmy home in London and embarked for America on the steam- ship Algeria in December 1879 to seek wife and fortune. Part II. I accepted a position as travelling salesman for aPhiladelphia manufacturer, and in the winter of 1881 whilein Moncton, N. B. I picked up a bunch of keys the inscrip- tion on the metal tag read Marietta B . . ~ Shadiac, N. B.I had but 20 minutes to get the last train, I paid my hotelbill, quickly packed my bag, and soon alighted on the Shadiacstation platform, I enquired where the person lived whosename I above mentioned, and was informed she was thedistrict surveyor's daughter who lived five minutes walkfrom the station.Knocking at the door it was opened by the most beautifulgirl I had ever before or since seen, imagine her supremejoy to get her keys returned and mine being invited by herto come in and meet her parents and brother. Part III. We were married the following Spring in Boston and aftera joyful life of 15 years she died leaving me three beautiful©hildreri. Part IV. After a lonely four years I again married and my happinessis overflowing being blessed with another child, my wifeadores the four children, keeps up a constant correspondenceand sends many presents to the mother of my first wife. Moral: Marry when nature, association and cultivation are com- bined with a gentle face. Sweet Memories An artist's widow, (West Hoboken, N. J.) IN November 1881 a middle-aged man rented our hall bed- room. Mother being a widow let the room to help outwith the rent. I being the oldest of four was her main sup- port. Looking on the practical side, I asked had he paidrent for same in advance. To her no not yet. I imaginedall sorts of things especially as he had immediately takenpossession and was at that moment sitting in the parlor.It being cold I went into see the fire and incidently lookour new lodger over. Judge my surprise to see him sittingbefore an easel sketching a portrait of a lady. Oh an artist;"Yes when trade is dull." For he was a house-painter aswell. Is don't know where my manners were as I forgot to %say good evening or how do you do. I don't think he noticedor had any manners himself just then for he asked me to playsomething for him saying he was very fond of music. As Iopened the piano he placed the maiden's prayer before me.I played it through; when finishing he thanked me, excusing:himself he retired to his room taking his easel with him. Iwas astonished at his abruptness, I told Mother she surelyhad a lunatic for a lodger. We did not see him again forseveral days. Not until Mother asked him for the room rentat the expiration of the week. He looked so pale and whenMother asked if he were ill he said no rather curtly that hewas working hard to get his picture finished as it would bedone in a few days would she wait? Of course she wouldwait, as we were just going to have supper would he notjoin us. After a little persuasion he said just a cup of teaif we did not mind as he was cold. As we surmised he wasdown in Lard street we prevailed upon him to eat somesupper. I then suggested he use the parlor where it waswarmer than his room to complete his work. That we wouldnot disturb him. Of course it was only sympathy for a poorold fellow down on his luck. Thanksgiving-day came he didnot leave his room. When dinner was ready I asked him tojoin us, after some persuasion he came. After dinner Iplayed again for him. He brought out his violin and played.The next day his picture was finished. He paid Mother forone month in advance and became a regular boarder. Afterwhich we spent many pleasant evenings sometimes home.Oftimes a concert, the theatre or church. Christmas we wereengaged to be married but said nothing to my family. InMay one Sunday at supper our boarder suggested he and Itake a car ride. We stopped at a parsonage and were married;by a Methodist minister. When we entered the parsonagethe moon was shining brightly, when we came out the rainwas coming down in torrents. My husband borrowed &lt;m&gt;umbrella. When we reached home Mother scolded fearing;my new dress and hat had been ruined. My husband laughedsaying he guessed he could replace them if spoiled. Poorold Mother became furious, she felt insulted. "Never mindMother, don't be angry I married Lizzie to-night to keep herfrom being a fussy old maid. Introducing me as his wifehe handed her the marriage certificate to read as proof. Nowat the age of 62 I am toiling for my living. Yet often longfor the happy courtship days and the few happy weddedyears we spent together. A Kew Zola of American Literaturedepicting the Youth of the Savior.By C. SADAKICHI HARTMANN.lk&gt;okOP THE SEASON.The Talk tf the Day. PRICE 50 CENTS.First announcement of book VOLUME IIBRUNO'S WEEKLYBound in white linen clothTWO DOLLARS, postpaid TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give your standing order for Bruno'sWeekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it provefdisastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you have missed on the news-stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches froma two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news-dealer. The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonRoom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing."i'Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger.ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—MotherGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquethings to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Ave.N. Y. C. Phone Spring 23 RARE BOOKSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.FIRST EDITION There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison. &amp;mmmIt■m112: ?!m.$5.00THE SPIRIT OF XMAJ.^Sc? 8€s$5.00• K-?Wk f*y is % 1 */*?t i » ' ' ■ ' ?«*;;■V: = in^gMm *iif'/ ;■ ■ ' ~'- &gt; .' - ' : ■ . •:■ '%*M£Ttf$5.001r\ :l i. ,'/.w,'¥■fcWWR&lt;5J(//A#£? *ax-f $5.00SIXTY THOUSAND ORIGINALDRAWINGS OF AMERICANILLUSTRATORSRose O'Neil, Opper, Harrison Fisher, Barton, CasselPughes, Hassmann, Crawford, and Many OtherAmerican and Foreign Illustrators Whose DrawingsHave Appeared in the Foremost American IllustratedMagazines from 1880 up to DateI HAVE purchased the original drawings andpaintings which you have seen reproduced onthe pages of Puck and other prominent periodicalsduring the last thirty-six years. They are a splendidcollection of the early work and of the best workof America's foremost artists. They show theevolution of the American comic paper from itsinfancy to its present standard as well as the in-dividual evolution of the artists. They are anunique kaleidoscope of the manifold interests ofpublic opinion during the last two score years.There is the period where New York with its cease-less building underground, overground and on thesurface was the target of constant banter. Thereare the political cartoons, a conclusive demonstra-tion why Cleveland or Roosevelt or Taft had to beelected and why Bryan and Roosevelt weredefeated.RARELY will there be an opportunity again topurchase these originals, welcome in the den,in the library of a private home, and appropriateon the walls of public libraries, of museums and ofpublic schools, at such low prices as I am offeringthem now. Many are priced as low as twenty-fivecents. Only a few are marked higher than tendollars.You are invited to call at my store and view thecollection leisurely or inquire about the work ofillustrators you like. I will gladly quote youpictures and prices.HARRY STONE,BOOKS and DRAWINGS137 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORKFor Three Dollars I will send you post-paid Ten Original Drawings of American Illustrators. Bruno Chap BooksNo.1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WildeThe first American reprint of one? of themost wonderful poems of the author.!. 252. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his little wingsbefore he stings and annoys 253. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg's Mushrooms are recognizedpoetry. The Mushroom stands for a simpleexpression of thought in simple musicalrhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one man whospeaks to his fellow-men—just to the one whomight find in four or six simple lines ofrhythm the revelation of the rhythm and theharmony of his own simple life 504. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown .255. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde .256. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno .257* To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg .258. Vignettes, by Hubert CraclcanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three ehief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a 4sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty ef sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897 509. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state With-out a Constitution, and the daughter of aronin, a robing soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessive intenseas Poe's on strictly realistic lines. The utmostbounds of expression are reached, even hisoriginality is aggressive 2510. Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido Bruno .2511. Edna the Girl of the Street, by AlfredKreymborg 25Cause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none 2512. Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in red blood,tinted by the golden sun, formed and shapedby hands who know the labors and pains ofmillions scented with good-will towards every-body and emitted with pure 10ve... 25No.13. Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno $1.0014. The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno .5015. Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid".2516. Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-tors and producers of vers libre who thinkthemselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write in rhyme 17. Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord Alfred Douglaswould have laughed at the idea that he wouldwrite a book explaining away his friendshipwith Oscar Wilde. As editor of "The SpiritLamp," a magazine published by JamesThornton, High Street, Oxford, and edited byLord Alfred Douglas, he seemed to be adiligent imitator of his friend Oscar. Heimitated his style in prose and in poetry.Whenever he received a contribution fromOscar Wilde it was the main and leadingfeature of the issue .25.2518. Sadakichi Hartmann-a Dream?19. Charles Kains-Jackson-monds A Portrait-Permanent Peace: Is it-John Addington Sy-The life-long friend of the English poetgives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto, a since forgottenliterary periodical of England, in 1897 20. Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Wo-men—Rhythms and 5 Drawings 21. Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks22. H. Thompson Rich — Lumps of Clay—l 6Rhythms 23. D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-v day Musings 24. H.Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—17 WarPoems s 25. Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Reli-gion, a bibliography 26. Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat .25.25.25.25.25.50.50Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C.