Bruno's Weekly 1 15 October 30th, MCMXV naaq_1915-10-30_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 15 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Ballad of an Omnibus Amy Levy cre 2 Abingdon Square 2-4 Matinees in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 4-5 Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. 5 Greenwich Village Street Names 5-6 When the Booze Is in the Bottle James Whitcomb Riley cre 6-7 Maxims Nietzsche cre 8-9 In Our Village 9-11 Sarah Bernhardt Illustration 10 Books and Magazines of the Week 11-13 The Sous-Prefet Afield Alphonse Daudet cre 13-14 The Third A Story from Warsaw's Latin Quarter, By Henry Sienkiewicz cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 14-16 Richard Wagner—Egoist Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents October 30th, 1915. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited By Gindo Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 15 OCTOBER 30th, MCMXV VoL I Copyright by 19/5 Gttido 3)runo BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY i(Concluded from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison andEdited and written by Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office siNew York pending. Ballad of an Omnibus Amy Levy COME men to carriages aspire;On some the costly hansoms waitSome seek a fly, on job or hire;Some mount the trotting steed, elate.I envy not the rich and great,A wandering minstrel, poor and free,I am contented with my fate—An omnibus suffices me.In winter days of rain and mireI find within a corner strait;The 'busmen know me and my lyreFrom Brompton to the Bull-and-Gate.When summer comes, I mount instateThe topmost summit, whence I seeCroesus look up, compassionate—An omnibus suffices me.I mark, untroubled my desire,Lucullus' phaeton and his freight.And scene whereof I cannot tire,The human tale of love and hate,The city pageant, early and lateUnfolds itself, rolls by, to beA pleasure deep and delicate.An omnibus suffices me.Princess, your splendour you require,I my simplicity; agreeNeither to rate lower nor higher.An omnibus suffices me. Abingdon Square MOST New Yorkers of today are one-sided. That is, theyare either East siders or West siders and know little ofthe other side of the town. It is only by poking your noseinto out-of-the-way corners that you can discover the land- marks of Old New York. A very interesting example, for in- stance, is Eighth Avenue and Twelfth Street. Glance at thelamp post and you will discover that you are at Abingdon Square.And this little triangular piece of green is all that is left of ancient Greenwich Village. Round about here at one timethere were beautiful lawns and fine country houses; the airwas filled with the scent of flowers, and near by Manetta (some- times spelled Minetta) brook tempted the fishermen. Aboutthe year 1750, Sir Peter Warren, vice-admiral, having capturedmany prizes on the high seas, settled down in Greenwich Village,built a fine mansion, and married Miss Susannah De Lancey,a member of the great De Lancey family. Here three daughterswere born, the oldest of whom became the wife of the Earl ofAbingdon. After a while the Warren House and the estatewere sold, and this square is the only memento we now haveof them.About 1760, Richmond Hill was built. It was used by Wash- ington as his headquarters. Later Vice-President Adams lived init; still later Aaron Burr and his gifted daughter Thedosiaoccupied it; and finally John Jacob Astor bought it. Subse- quently it became a theatre, then a tavern, and then it was pulleddown.The various epedemics of cholera, smallpox and yellow feverthat attacked the city at the lower end of the island sparedthe healthy neighborhood of Greenwich.Toward the close of the century a State prison was erectedat the foot of Tenth Street, and a part of the old wall, it issaid, still stands, being now a portion of a brewery.In 1816, a stage line was established connecting the city ofNew York with the village of Greenwich, and the blowing ofthe horn announcing the arrival of the 'bus never failed tocause general excitement.Here's a description in verse that furnishes a good pictureof the rural charms of this favored spot:In those days fair Greenwich VillageSlept by Hudson's rural shore,Two miles out from New York City,With its bustle, rush and roar!Then great Gotham's "eighty thousand"Filled the New World with amaze,And the City Hall was building"Out of town" in those "fast" days!Then Canal Street was a tide creek,Famed for piscatory charms,And Broadway a country turnpikeWinding northward through the farms.Then the stage from Greenwich prisonDrove to Wall Street twice a day—Now the sombre "Black Maria"Oftener drives the other way!Gradually the city began to grow up to the village and thenoccurred that extraordinary tangle of streets which puzzles thenew arrival. Old Greenwich, however, resisted the advancesof the town for a long while, keeping up a sort of exclusivenessof its own. It claimed to be cleaner, nicer and more patrioticthan any other part of the island. It is said, in fact, thatnowhere else were the Fourth of July and the Twenty-secondof February more enthusiastically celebrated. But now its glory back of Sixth Avenue is gone. Many of the comfortablelooking three-story brick houses, with wroughtiron railings andoval windows over low doorways, are still here, but they areno longer clean or inviting. There is just one relic.Walking down Tenth Street toward the river you passWeehawken Street and there behold a row of low wooden houses,one or two with outside staircases, unlike any other buildings,it is safe to say, now to be seen on Manhattan Island. Theyare remnants of what was known as Upper Greenwich Village,and are nearly three-quarters of a century old.Ulmann in Landmark History of New York. Matinees in Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre MOT only to help the unknown composer and musician ©112today to a hearing before an audience, to encourage hisendeavors and so to be instrumental towards his final success,was the motive of Mr. Charles Edison in establishing his LittleThimble Theatre in Greenwich Village. The unknown com- poser of American songs which have become the property ofthe nation, which everybody knows, has heard sung, and perhapshas sung himself many times, will find here a place of reverie,and his personality will be brought nearer to those who knowhis works and who never thought who the man was who com- posed them. Two matinees every week are set aside for littlepilgrimages to the homes and workshops of these men whosenames are rarely attached to their works in our minds andabout whose lives we know next to nothing. An informal talkabout their childhood, about their fortunes in life, about theirenvironment and what they made of it will be illustrated bytheir best known works, on the piano by singers and on theDiamond Disc.Who doesn't know" My Old Kentucky Home" or "Old Folksat Home," or "Way Down Upon the Swanee River," and whoknows more about their composer than that his name wasStephen Collins Foster? And very few know even that.Miss Lois Fox will tell on Monday, Novemebr Ist, in theafternoon at 3 o'clock, all that could be gathered from sourcesmostly unknown and not easily accessible about the tragic lifeof the composer of America's most popular home songs. Herein our midst, in a little grocery store on the Bowery, did Fosterlive a great part of his life and composed those songs whichwe sing whenever we feel as he did while he wrote them:homesick. His longing for his home, recollections of the negroes,which were a part of his home memories, dictated those mel- ancholy melodies of resignations to his fate. Imagine the manwho gave us "Way Down Upon the Swanee River," metingout flour or sugar over the counter of a little grocery store on theBowery! The Bowery was in those days not what it is today.Mansions of the rich were in the streets near by and their negro servants did their shopping on the business street, whickthe Bowery was. The daily contact with these negroes who werehis customers brought back to him the memories of a happyyouth and of a happy love.Miss Lois Fox, who has spent the greater part of her lifecollecting the songs of the old plantation negroes has incommon with Foster the love for the sentiment and the sadlonging expressed in the old negro songs of bondage. She willtry to win in the hearts of the audience an equally warmspot for the composer as the songs themselves have won. Youare heartily invited to be present. The seating capacity of theLittle Thimble Theatre is very limited, and therefore, you mustwrite and ask for a ticket of admission. Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Char- les Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. HIS first appearance before an American audience since hisrecent return from Europe, the Polish singer, VincentS. Czerwinski, made in Edison's Little Thimble Theatre. Mr.Czerwinski was forced by the present prevailing conditions inEurope to change his domicile and intends to make Americahis home. Just at present, when Polish and Russian literatureis being made daily accessible to English readers, it is ofinterest to hear those often-mentioned Slavic folk songs, sungby one who had to leave his country. All the temperamentalevolution of the Slavic character is pictured in the quickly- changing sadness and wild joy of these songs.A promising young pianist, Ruth Garland, played a selectionfrom Chopin and Liszt. Miss Garland came from her home town,Oswego, to New York to enter upon the career of a soloist.At the age of nine years she was awarded a scholarship atSyracuse University and she studied with the late EdwardMcDowell. 'Miss James, known to the visitors of the Little ThimbleTheatre as the accompanist to the artists who make here theirappearance, played a selection of her own compositions. Herimprovisations written several years ago in her home out westcontain inspiring motives of that part of our country whichis designated to be the birthplace of The American Music. Greenwich Village Street Names has been a pleasing sound; so had the brookletthus named which flowed by the Zantberg hills to theHudson. It came from the springy marshes round about presentWashington Square and emptied itself in the river near whatis now Charlton street.The Dutch root "min" (compare with "minute," "dimin- ish," &amp;c.) implies littleness. By the addition of the favoritepet suffix "tje" alluded to under Coenties, the name "Mintj*" was coined, just as we would say "the little one," and wasapplied to this rivulet to distinguish it from the "Groote Kill,"or large creek, a mile farther.It was also and for the same motive designated "killitje,"or little creek, and "Bestevaars Killitje," or Grandfather's Kill."Mintie" or "Mintie" was corrupted by the English to"Minetta," "Minetto," "Manetta," &amp;c., and then somebody sug- gested that it must have been an Indian word."Somebody" must never have read of Hans Breitmann'smental troubles anent the comparative merits of love and wine;•r the linguistic affinity between "min," little, and "min," love,would have certainly impressed him:"To solfe von awfool broplemHe was elfer shdill incline;If—den vijin is beterals de minOr—de mun diet veel als de wijn." Bleecker Street JJLEECKER STREET is half Dutch and half Eaglish ofcourse; and takes us back to i658 when Jan Jansen Bleecker,a native of Meppel in Holland, landed in New Amsterdam.The most widely known of his American descendants isdoubtless Anthony Bleecker, a graduate of Columbia College,who for a period of thirty years, contributed so largely to theperiodical literature of Philadelphia and New York.The present street lies through the estate of his father,Anthony Lispenard Bleecker. When the Booze Is in the Bottle By James Whitcomb Riley RILEY AND LOUIS B. CHAPLIN, a Chicago newspaperman, were sitting twenty years ago in the smoky bar-roomof the Dennison Hotel, Indianapolis. Riley was not the medal- awarded poet of to-day and Chaplin was a cub on an Indiananewspaper. They were drinking and talking, they were merryand sentimental and they spoke about ambitions and futureswhich seemed so golden, and about mother and sweetheart far,far away. The bottle was on the table and glasses clinked atthe nearby bar, drunken voices issued from the street and theyfelt the intoxicating air of the whiskey-seller's abode.The poet in Riley awoke. With the satyrical pathos as onlyhe knows it, he recited the lives inspired by the situation."Great stuff, great stuff!" responded the newspaper instinct©112 his companion.Quick as a flash his pencil was in his hand. He could notfind paper and so he scribbled on his cuff in the dim gaslight. The poet dreamily and suddenly observed that his dicta- tion was being recorded. "Please never write that again," he said, impatiently. I don'tremember what I said, but it must have been sentimental andsilly."His friend promised and kept his promise for twenty years.It was during a similar session some time ago with this oldChicago newspaper man. There was the bar-room and theclinking of glasses and the little tables and the sentimental inter- mission leading to memories far away from Chicago, far awayfrom a bar-room.He was thinking of twenty years ago, of Riley, since thengrown to be the poet of the Hoosier State. He recollected thelines repeated so often since and he recited them again. Henever wrote them. He kept his promise.11/ HEN the booze is in the bottle,And the bottle's on the bar,And the seltzer is a-foamin',Like an early mornin' star,Then it is that one is happy,Then it is that one is gay,As he mixes booze and seltzerIn a contemplative way.Some folks are never happy,'Less in a vicious rush,But the sweetest way of livin'sJust to be in a gentle lush.Just to sit and soak and sozzle,As the hours are wearin' on,And to wrestle with that demon,Till the early mornin' dawn.i &lt;And to dream in idle fancyOf the happy days to come,When the world shall be one bar-rootaAnd the rivers run in rum.Oh, how sweet it is at midnight,When the good are all in bed,To get down along the levee,And to accumulate a "head."To talk of mother dear, and broken heartsAnd little eyes of blue,And finally essay:I'd leave my happy home for you.While through the smoke the bar-room lightsSeem many miles afar, ?And the booze is in the bottleAnd the bottle's on the bar. Maxims By Nietzsche The Conscientious F IS more convenient to follow one's conscience than one'sintelligence, for at every failure, conscience finds an ex- cuse and an encouragement in itself. That is why there are somany conscientious and so few intelligent people.The man who does away with himself, performs the mostestimable of deeds; he almost deserves to live for having doneso. Society—nay, life itself, derives more profit from such adeed than from any sort of life spent in renunciation, anaemia,and other virtues. At least the suicide frees others from thesight of him, at least he removes one objection against life.The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means ofit one gets successfully through many a bad night. The Prevention of Suicide "pHERE is a certain right by which we may deprive a manof life, but none by which we may deprive him of death: thisis mere cruelty.One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to liveproudly. Death should be chosen freely—death at the righttime, faced clearly and joyfully, and embraced while one issurrounded by one's children and other witnesses.It is not the strength, but the duration of great sentimentsthat makes great men. Life, War, Obedience MANY die too late, and some die too early. Yet strangesoundeth the precept: "Die at the right time!" Die atthe right time: so teacheth Zarathustra.My friends, I will not be mixed up and confounded withothers.There are those who preach my doctrine of life, and are atthe same time preachers of quality and tarantulas.That they speak in favor of life, though they sit in their den,these poison-spiders, and withdraw from life—is because theywould thereby do injury.To those would they thereby do injury who have power atpresent: for with those the preaching of death is still most athome.Were it otherwise, then would the tarantulas teach otherwise:and they themselves were formerly the best world-maligners andheretic-burners.With these preachers of equality will I not be mixed up andconfounded. For thus speaketh justice unto me: "Men arenot equal." And neither shall they become so! What wouldbe my love to the Superman, if I spake otherwise?Resistance—that is the distinction of the slave. Let yourdistinction be obedience. Let your commanding itself be obey- ing !To the good warrior soundeth "thou shalt" pleasanter than "I will." And all that is dear unto you, ye shall first have itcommanded unto you by me—and it is this: man is somethingthat is to be surpassed.So live your life of obedience and of war! What matterabout long life! What warrior wishes to be spared! I spareyou not. I love you from my very heart, my brethren in war 1Thus spake Zarathustra. In Our Village Suffragettes interrupted the sleepy drowsiness of the Squareand the neighboring streets last Saturday. Back of the archwas a ticket of would-be voters gathering into groups andstarting their demonstrative parade through the city. Theywere pretty to look at. Their many-colored clothes, spottedwith yellow badges and ribbons like a forest with autumn leaves.Music bands were playing and even the shutters of the mansionson the north side could not resist the temptation to openthemselves and to permit their inhabitants to look at that prettyprotesting femininity. Some of Our Aristocrats The most radical event that Washington Square North has tochronicle for the current months is the arrival of the PhilipM. Lydigs, who have hitherto lived in the upper East sideCourt end of the town. For the coming of the Lydigs, thewhole interior of the Serena Rhinelander homestead at Wash- ington Square and Fifth Avenue has been modernized by herheirs at a cost of more than thirty thousand dollars. However,artistic and in accord with the prevailing fashions of the hour,may be this overhauling of the Colonial interior of a venerablelandmark, some people would not like the house so well inseveral details. For instance, the combined drawing and ball- rooms which ran the entire length of the Fifth Avenue side ofthe mansion have been walled up between, so as to allowan enclosure for a large library at the back, Fortunately,the handsome marble mantels of the house have been sufferedto remain intact. However, Mrs. Lydig, an all round culturedwoman like Mrs. Benjamin Guinness, her neighbor who queensit on the other block of Washington Square North, is a womanwho does things. Above all, Mrs. Lydig is an ardent suffragetteand her staid neighbors on the Square, lovers of the oldorder of things, were much amazed to wake up last Saturdaymorning and behold the windows of the prim and ultra-con- servative Serena Rhinelander home aglow with yellow suf- fragist slogans and banners in all its windows. _ And in theafternoon when the suffragist parade was passing, a coupleof blocks farther up Fifth Avenue, the sensibilities of theseultra-conservatives received a second jolt upon beholding youngpeople and children displaying the same revolutionary em- blems from the portico and balconies of that stately abodeof one of the most hide bound families in the community—the de Rham mansion, "the house of the haunted bay window." Sadakichi Hartmann in Bruno's Garret After an absence of several years, Sadakichi Hartmann, thelast of the romanciers, invaded the village for a few days andgave on last Monday evening, a reading in Bruno's GarretNo better place could he have chosen to interpret Edgar AllanPoe, than that little white house on the Square which Poepassed so often on his daily walk while he was living onCarmine street. The night was dark and through the windowsthe black outline of the trees stood out ghostly, the yellow gaslamps here and there glimmered like will-of-the-wisps in a quietchurchyard on a country road, and far away shimmered through the half-naked branches of the trees the two long rows ofelectric arc lamps of Fifth avenue which seemed to meet some- where in the far far away. The candles in the garret flickeredyellowish. And Sadakichi read the "Tell-Tale Heart," thatmasterpiece of the mystic poet. He spoke of the eight yearshe spent with Walt Whitman and related merry and sad ancedotesillustrating as well his own life as that of his great fellow- journeyman. »Monday, the first of November, is set aside as a Keeler eve- ning. Mr. Keeler returned recently to New York and gathered"a basket of new fruit."A new comer to the village is F. Carlton Waugh, greatlyinterested in insect life from a painter's standpoint. He lived forseveral years in the woods, disregarding the advantages ofcivilization, and learned there to love the small life of plantsand insects whose existence is largely unknown to the averagehuman being. But he is not narrow-minded. After his arrivalin the city he turned his magnifying-glass upon the insectivoraof our streets. Our title cover shows that he turned his eyesto the right direction.The Wardrobe announced on very handsome paper—parch- ment finish, deckel edge and snow white—its official opening.Its sponsors, Mary Grott and Heloise De Forest Haynes, saythat they will "design and execute" women's clothes in theirsewing shop. Why not rather "designate and guillotine.""Gay Revillon" or "Maid of My Dreams" is the name ofa miniature operetta, which Charles Henry Dorr, a Villager ofolden days, has just completed. The music for the piece is byAdrian Schubert, a cellist of the Metropolitan Opera Company,whose first work of note "Follies d'Amour" made its way acrossthe sea to London. Many of the ideas in the "Gay Revillon"originated within the confines of the Ssuare. Sarah Bernhardt Books and Magazines of the Week Ever during the last hundred years, when Russia was engagedin war as an ally of England, Russian literature in Englandpassed through a short period of renaissance. There are certainRussian authors who had been for more than a hundred yearson the Russian proscription list and who in these days of acloser relationishp and of increased interest with and for Russiain England have been rushed into print and fed to the peopleat large as a new source of information about Russia and itsreal conditions. It is done to-day as of yore. There is a newtranslation of Gogol's "Dead Souls." It is a wonderful tale,the masterpiece of Gogol, a figure in Russian letters somewhatsimilar to our own Poe, but it is in no way representative ofGogol's work. One must read his fantastic tales in the original to realize how poor his interpretation in the Ungnsn versionis. I always wondered if Gogol as presented to his Englishreaders was translated directly from the Russian into English.It looks more as though it had come via France, or morelikely via Germany. Translations of Gogol into German existeda hundred and some years ago during the lifetime of the author.Translating men like Gogol, the translator needs be a Russianable to talk English rather than an American university pro- fessor and scholar of Slavic languages. The beauty of the Rus- sian language, which expresses heart-winningly the melancholymelody of Russian life, is mostly lost in our translations. The Log Another one of those magazines which cannot be boughton the average news stand but which is interesting for the read- ing matter it contains as well as for the direct object of itsbeing published, is "The Log," the organ of the Circumnavi- gators' Club. In order to be eligible to membership in thisclub one must have made a circuit of the globe, longitudinally.The magazine is chiefly composed of letters written from allparts of the world by its traveler members. The Photo-Dramatist Willard Bradley, who once upon a time published a news- paper in Greenwich Village, issued recently a pamphlet, "ThePhoto-Dramatist," in which he tells us all about photo-plays,and how they are created. D. W. Griffith is represented witha paragraph or two of good advice to those who wish to becomephoto-play writers. It is a neat little pamphlet of twenty-twopages, with pea-green covers. The Grolier Club The Grolier Club, at 29 East Thirty-second Street, New York,exhibits from Friday, November sth, to November 20th, anextensive collection of books and prints relating to pirates andhighwaymen. This exhibition is open to the public. The Book of Repulsive Women The forthcoming issue of Bruno Chap Books is Djnna Barnes'"Book of Repulsive Women," a chant which could be sung bythose who are in the daily procession through the streets andhighways of our metropolis but which also could be sung bythose who are on balconies and house-tops viewing the eternalshow of daily life. It is illustrated with full-page plates bythe author. The Nutshell Mr. H. G. Heaton, renowned traveler and artist, found avery satisfactory way how to keep in constant contact with agreat number of his friends and casual acquaintances all overboth hemispheres. He publishes a little magazine called, "TheNutshell," which he sends out broadcast to everyone whom hewants to remind of his existence. "The artist-author's first need of time and sight for profes- sional use limits his correspondence most regretfully and soThe Nutshell is equally intended as a means of givingfuller and, in many cases, more frequent personal news ofgeneral interest to a far greater number of present and pastintimates in evidence of constant regard, than he could dootherwise." In Which Very rarely emanates from Detroit a voice of art andliterature. And no other city in the United States seemsas much created for the habitation of the artist as that beautifulspot in the Middle West where everybody owns his home andgarden, where the streets seem parkways, and business, with itsbeauty-limiting accessories, a mere incident. Norman Geddesis writing, printing and binding his own monthly journal, "InWhich," "Being a Book in Which I Say Just What I Think."It is a nice miscellany of animated talk about art in Detroit,incidents of everyday life, miniature stories, and here and therea bit of the editor's own philosophy.Long before Elbert Hubbard started the "little magazinevogue," with his Philistine, Robert Reitzel had created here inDetroit his "Poor Devil" and conducted it for fifteen years asa one man's periodical. "In Which" seems to follow in hisfoot-steps. The Little Paper Richmond, Indiana, was the birthplace of the first journal inthe United States, owned, edited and published by one womanwho devotes the pages of her periodical to civic betterment.Esther Griffin White is a fighter for reforms, and how she keepsout of the libel court must be one of her professional secrets.On the same page on which she sets down a flaming editoralagainst the disgraceful appointment of a certain official of hercity's administration, she publishes three poems, written, per- haps, by the same pen out of which came her political attack.Their titles are "Lilies of the Valley," "Hollyhocks" and"Peonies." Her social paragraphs cannot but isolate her fromthe social set of her town. But the most interesting featureof "The Little Paper" are the discussions about cigarette smok- ing. Miss White, as so many other literary women of the"Hoosier State"—and an endless string of has this stateproduced—smokes cigarettes. In thirty-eight issues of her"Little Paper" she defends on considerable space the right ofa woman to smoke, in general, and her own right to smoke whilewriting her city-reforming editorials, in particular. The Sous-Prefet Afield By Alphonse Daudet. The sous-Prefet shrugs his shoulders and tries to continue hisspeech but the woodpecker interrupts him anew, and eails outfrom afar: "What is the use.'""How, what is the use!" says the sous-Prefet, who gets quitered; and chasing away the impudent bird with a gesture, hebegins afresh:"Messieurs etchers Administres—""Messieurs etchers Administres" begins the sous-Prefetafresh.But lo! the little violets lift themselves up towards him onthe tips of their stems, and softly say:"Monsieur le sous-Prefet, do you perceive how good wesmell ?"And the springs make a divine music under the moss, andin the branches over his head many warbles come and singhim their pretty tunes; and all the little wood conspires toprevent him from composing his speech.All the little wood conspires to prevent him from composinghis speech. Monsieur the sous-Prefet, drunk with perfumes,dazed by music, attempts vainly to resist the new charm thatinvades his being. He leans on his elbows in the grass, un- buttons his fine coat, stammers again twice or thrice:"Messieurs etchers Administres .... Messieurs etchersAdmi .... Messieurs etchers . "Then he sends the administres to the devil, and the Muse ofagricultural fairs has now but to veil her face.Veil thy face, O Muse of agricultural fairs! When, at theend of one hour, the servants of the sous-prefecture, anxiousabout their master, entered the little wood, they saw a sightthat made them recoil with horror. Monsieur the sous-Prefetwas lying on his stomach in the grass, as untidy as a bohemian.He had taken off his coat; and while chewing violets, Monsieurthe sous-Prefet was composing verses. The Third A Story from Warsaw's Latin Quarter,By Henry Sienkiewicz Translated by Guido Bruno fHE studio in which I jointly lived and painted with Swiateckiwas not paid for first because we both had among usaltogether about five rubles, and second because we had a sincererepugnance against the paying of rent.They call us painters usually spendthrifts, and still I preferto drink up my money rather than to squander it on the landlordfor rent. Referring to our landlord, he was not a bad man,and moreover, we knew how to look out for ourselves if hestarted to be insistent.Whenever he came up to us to remind us of our indebtedness,which happened usually early in the morning, Swiatecki raisedhimself from his bed—a mattress upon the floor with a Turkishhanging as a cover, which at other times would be used as background to a portrait—and spoke in a sepulchral voice: "Itdoes me good to see you because I dreamt that you had died."The landlord, who was superstitious and very much afraidof death, as it seemed, became confused; but Swiatecki threwhimself back on his mattress, stretched his long legs, foldedhis hands across his breast and continued: "That is how Isaw you: you had white gloves on your hande with long fingers,and patent leather shoes, otherwise you were not very muchchanged."And I used to add: "Once in a while such dreams do notcome true."This "once in a while" apparently brought the landlord todesparation. The scene usually finished with his becoming in- dignant. He banged the door and noisily and swearing, de- scended the stairs. But the good soul never could quite makeup his mind to put the city marshal upon our tracks. Ofcourse, there wasn't very much to take in our studio and thelandlord may have calculated that he might be just as badoff if he rented the studio and kitchenette to some other painter,or perhaps worse. But this expedient in time, lost its effect.The landlord became familiar with the thought of death.Swiatecki intended to execute three paintings a la Wuertz, tobe called: "The Death," "The Funeral" and"The Awakeningfrom Lethargy." Of course the landlord was designated tofigure in all of them.This sort of corpse business was the specialty of Swiatecki,who after his own declaration painted "big carcasses, smallcarcasses and middle-sized carcasses." Maybe that's the reasonthat nobody buys his pictures, notwithstanding the fact he hastalent. Just now he had sent to"The Salon," in Paris, two"grand cadavers" and I, too, submitted there, my "The Jewsof Jerusalem" which the catalogue of the Salon hadrebaptized into "The Jews on the Rivers of Babylon." Andnow we were awaiting impatiently the verdict of the jury.Of course, Swiatecki knew in advance that everything wouldend most disgustingly: "The jury," he contended, "was composedof the most complete idiots, and if this were not the case, Iwas an idiot and he too, our pictures idiotic, and their winningrecognition would be the height of idiocy."How much this fellow contributed, to my discomfortduring the three years I shared a studio with him, is veryhard to describe. It is his highest ambition to be taken for amoral "grand corpse," so, for instance, he feigns to be anhabitual drunkard, and of course, he is far from being one.He drinks hastily two or three glasses of brandy, and glancesaround to see if we noticed it. If he isn't sure that we did,he nudges one of us with his elbow and looking at us significantlyhe asks with his sepulchral voice:"I'm pretty far down, am I not?"We answer him that he is foolish and then he starts to rave;because nothing puts him more out of temper than to have usdoubt his moral downfall. And he is the best scout on earth. Once on a trip in themountains we had lost our way. After it had become dark andthe danger lay near that we would slip and break our necks,Swiatecki said:"Listen, Wladek, you have the bigger talent therefore youwould be a greater loss. I'll walk ahead . . . . if I dropdown, you stay right here and don't move until tomorrowmorning, and then it will be easy for you to find your way.""Not you will go first, but I will," I answered, "because Ihave better eyes."And Swiatecki:"If I don't break my neck today I will end in the graveanyhow—l don't give a darn."And so we started to argue, and in the meantime it was pitchdark. Finally we decided to cast lots. We did. Swiatecki lostand walked in front of me. We were at the saddle of amountain. We walked slowly and carefully. At first the pathwas rather broad, but it became more and more narrow, and,as far as we could make out, there were precipices to theright and to the left, perhaps very deep ones.The ridge of the mountain is very narrow, and what is stillworse, pieces of the withered mountain crumbled under ourfeet .... we have to crawl on all fours, otherwise it isimpossible. We walk along like two monkeys.But soon we notice that we can't progress even in this manner.The ridge is hardly as broad as the saddle of a horse. Swiateckiseats himself astride it. I follow his example. I hear his voice."Wladek?""What is it?""The ridge is at an end.""And what now?""I believe there is an abyss.""Take a stone nad throw it down .... we will listenhow far it falls."I heard Swiatecki feeling in the dark after a loose stone.Now he says: "Look out, I'm throwing it!"(Continued in next issue) Richard Wagner—Egoist By Guido Bruno \X7AGNER was a self-sufficient man. He never had anyintimates to whom he would relate the ambitions of hislife. He carried his thouhts and his dreams as holy secrets inhis heart. He planned for a long time whatever he wanted todo. He guarded his thoughts as his property with the proudbashfulness of a virgin. But after he had convinced himselfthat he had done what he had aimed to do—after he had hadhis pleasure of conceiving, studying, caressing and produc- ing, he needed someone who wouid listen to him, someone whowould appreciate his work as a whole, not with words butwith a look of admiration, and strongly affirm his own thoughts.He would not enter an argument with his fellow musicians—with the critics who were so sharply after him.He felt that he was infallible.And so he directed his orchestra, so he wrote his dramasand so he composed his music.Wagner had a mother who was his friend and patientlistener as long as he was at home. As a mere boy he wasentranced by the history of the Hellenes and by their authors.He read the dramas of Aeschylus and he translated Homer inhexameters. His boy friends were poor listeners to his classicsubjects. But there was a mother sitting for hours on longwinter evenings, mending the clothes of her children and lisen- ing to the sympathetic voice of her youngest son. She wasthe first to whom the ideas of a national drama were related.It is more than dubious that the simple German woman, whohad attended to her bouse duties her life long, who had rearedeight children, had another understanding for her son's ambi- tions than the tactful sympathy of mother love. His wife,who shared the struggles and wanderings from city to cityof the poor, ambitious orchestra conductor, took the placeof his mother in later years.It is remarkable how the woman, living in poverty, sufferingeven hunger for periods, could keep her faith in her husband'sfuture. She listened to his life-theories. She learned to hatewith him the work of men highly esteemed by critics, the pub- lic of her time and the corrupted managers of opera houses;she learned to feel pity for the audiences which repelled herhusband's works, because they were misguided or were notable to understand.But listening and confirming were the only and continuousperformances of these two women, who played such an importantpart in Wagner's life. They were never asked for their opinion.They never suggested or corrected or tried to persuade orto induce.What Wagner said was the unrestricted truth, the right andonly view. No matter how the critics raved in daily papers,no matter how the audiences hissed and his managers triedto induce changes and repelled his works, in his own homeWagner was the recognized master. The recognition he finallyreceived from the world he had received years before in hishome. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsMonday,3 p. m.Wednesday, 2:15 p. m.Thursday,Friday,3 p. m.8:15 p. m.8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.A little Pilgrimage to the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage of the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down upon the SwaneeRiver," "My Old Kentucky Home,""Old Folks at Home." Do youknow that they were created andwritten by Stephen Collins Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?Come to the Matinee on Monday or Thursday at 3 P. M.