The mask 4 2 October 1911 naau_1911-10_01 The mask 4 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS . 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Desing of the Menu at the Banquet given in honour of Mr Gordon Craig. In London. July 16, 1911. Designed by Mr Albert Rothenstein. Illustration 4 THE RETURN OF GORDON CRAIG TO ENGLAND. J. S cre 5-10 Untitled Image Illustration 5 SOME LETTERS AND SPEECHES. 10-14 account of the Evening, with the names of some of the guests will 10 Dr ALEXANDER HEVESI BUDAPEST. Dr Alexander Hevesi. Dramaturg. Regisseur of the State Theatre, Budapest cre 11-12 DIREKTOR KONSTANTIN STANISLAWSKI MOSCOW. K. Stanislawski. Director of the Art Theatre, Moscow cre 12-13 MADAME YVETTE GUIBERT. 13 Mr MAX BEERBOHM RAPALLO. Villino Chiaro, Rapallo cre Yours sincerely Max Beerbohm cre 13-14 Mr GRANVILLE BARKER LONDON. Yours H. Granville Barker cre 14 THE SPEECHES. 14-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 SHUNZAN: Dance of Four Geishas, Two disguised as Monkeys. Illustration 21 HOKUSAI: A Travelling Company. From the "Onno Sanju rokkasen" of 1798. Illustration 23 KLEPTOMANIA, OR THE RUSSIAN THEATRE John Balance cre 25-29 Untitled Image Illustration 25 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS THE COSTUME OF HENRY VIII. (I). E. W. Godwin. 1875 cre 30-34 Untitled Image Illustration 30 Untitled Image Illustration 34 APPRENTICESHIP IN JAPAN Described by Lafcadio Hearn; with a Note on Discipline John Semar cre Lafcadio Hearn cre J. S cre 35-37 Untitled Image Illustration 37 SOME DEFINITIONS FROM AN OLD 1825 DICTIONARY, Translated by Pierre Ramés cre P. R cre 38-40 Untitled Image Illustration 38 THE COMMEDIA DELL' ARTE, OR PROFESSIONAL COMEDY. 41-43 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 43 A NOTE ON THE MEANING OF THE WORD "LAZZI". 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 THE FOUR LUNATICS. A Scenario of the Commedia dell'Arte. 44-49 AN IMPROVISATION Count Carlo Gozzi cre 49-51 Untitled Image Illustration 51 THE POSITION OF THE THEATRE. A SYMPOSIUM. J. S cre 52-61 Untitled Image Illustration 52 Untitled Image Illustration 61 UNFORTUNATELY 62 FOR TUNA TEL Y. 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 FARE FOLK ART, Or the So-Called " Revival" of Folk Art, Felix Urban cre 63-65 VENETIAN COSTUME Translated from the Book of Cesare Vecellio. 1589. D. Nevile Lees cre 65-67; 69-71; 73; 75; 77; 79-81; 83 Untitled Image Illustration 67 Untitled Image Illustration 71 Untitled Image Illustration 73 Untitled Image Illustration 75 Untitled Image Illustration 77 Untitled Image Illustration 81 Untitled Image Illustration 83 BOOK REVIEWS. 84-88 Untitled Image Illustration 84 THE APOSTLE. A DRAMA IN 84 PROGRESS AND OTHER 84-85 WILLIAM BLAKE by G. K. 85-86 MEMOIRS OF A MANAGER by 86 THE STAGE YEAR BOOK. 0 86 THE SHAKESPEARE REVIVAL 87 THE ART OF MIMICRY by J. 87 TRAINING OF THE MEM OR Y IN 87-88 A HISTORY OF JAPANESE 88 Untitled Image Illustration 88 SHUNSHO: ACTOR IN FEMALE COSTUME Executing a Dance with a Hobby Horse. From "A History of Japanese Colour Prints." Illustration 89 A LADY IN THE SNOW Illustration 91 MAGAZINE REVIEWS. 93 The Forum, published monthly by 93 hicago's new theatrical quarterly, 93 Hp*l6 Studio has issued a fine 93 FOREIGN NOTES. 94-100 Untitled Image Illustration 94 LONDON. 94-99 Mr Gordon Craig's Return G. H cre 94-96 Romeo and Juliet. F. N cre 96-97 The Leicester Galleries. G H cre 97-99 WITTERSHAM. 99 A New Theatre. T. E cre 99 PARIS. 99-100 The " Grand Guignol ". H. L cre 99-100 EDITORIAL 101 Untitled Image Illustration 101 TWO STORIES. The First Story. J. S cre 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 106 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Four. Number Two. OCTOBERI O I I ARENA QOLDONiFLORENCEITA L VYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGS TRADE AGENTS.SIMKIN, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. LONDON. THE MASK. OCTOBER 1 9 »»• THha Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.j0 All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope a3 otherwise they cannot be returned. &amp;Communications should be addressed to the Arena Qoldoni. Florence. Italy The Mask.October 1911. Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN. Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN. Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN. Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN. Mr GORDON CRAIG S RETURN. Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S RETURN Mr GORDON CRAIG'S THE MASK.October 1911. THE MASK.October 111 KLEPTOMANIA. KLEPTOMANIA. KLEP TOM A NIA . KLEPTOMANIA. HENRY VIII. HENRY VI //. HEN R Y VIII. HEN R V VIII. APPRENTICESHIP IN JAPAN APPRENTICESHIP IN JAPAN THEATRICAL DEFINITIONS. THEATRICAL DEFINITIONS THE COM MEDIA THE COM MEDIA DELVARTE THE FOUR LUNATICS. FOUR LUNATICS THE FOUR LUNATICS THE FOUR LUNATICS THE FOUR LUNATICS. AN IMPRO VISA TION AN IMPRO VISA TION A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM A SYMPOSIUM FAKE FOLK ART FAKE FOLK ART VENETIAN COSTUME VENETIAN COSTUME VENETIAN COSTUME VENETIAN COSTUME . VENETIAN COSTUME VENETIAN COSTUME BOOK RE VIE WS. BOOK RE VIE WS. BOOK REV I E WS. BOOK REVIEWS. THE MASK.October 1911. THE MASKOctober 1911 FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES, FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NO TES. FOREIGN NOTES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Gerente ResponsabiJe, GIULIOVANZI. j ANNOUNCEMENTS: FROM " THE MASK PRESS "| ARENA O OL DO NT. FLORE N C E. ITALY.I "I THE MASK, NEW SERIES, VOLUME POUR. &amp;1 I the a3W Vosume' beginning with the present number, ThreeI Editioas wiH b9 Published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,I ik^FlWt0 tilese Ed,tions are respectively as follows.Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00Large Paper Edition (60 copies.) „ 20. „ 5.001 \ Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, "| THE MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908.... 1909.... 1910.... nbound Sets, Vol. 1. Shillings 30. dollars 7.50Vo** 2* ** ♦» as* ♦» »» 6.50D . . Vol. 3. „ „ 20. ~ „ 5.00Bound in Vellum. Vol. 1 *= o _ft|\ »» »» OS' 99 99 O«50%jg|y Vo,« 3- ». .» 30. „ „ 7.50VOL 3. ~ „ 25. ~ „ 6.50mmammmxmmm&gt;rt&lt;xKc'r are., w n rmnin—Ml MI IMIMULJIUIUULUI G$S _ mit_ A Pos*TPouo 0p ETCHINGS by GORDON CRAIO. &amp;wCmTheSC Etc!lings wer® made by the Artist in 1907 at Florence andI |V represent his most serious work. Connected with his dream of an! Ideal Theatre» they have nothing In common wit h the Modern stage.| Only Thirty Portfolios were issued. Of these a few remain.ir?T¥ Bach contains twelve Designs mounted on grey card, and withII I a Preface by the Artist. ;&amp; j&amp;Size of Pjrrlalij. 48x30 ctms. Price Sixteen pounds.I—3ll—,2^,^(Dollars 80, Marks 320. Francs 400.)I*. &amp; &amp; BOOK PLATES. &amp;Designed, Engraved and Printed by the -vers of San Leonardo: Arena Qoldoni, Florence, Italy.From the first design to the last print the work is executedand supervised by artists, and therefore Book-lovers may be confi-I dent that in sending to us they are ensuring for themselves aI wor*c whlcli shall be as careful in its execution as beautiful andI distinguished in its design.I I" HERE IS SOMETHING FOR THE CHILDREN! Pictures from Gordon Craig's " Book of Penny Toys. "&amp; This book of colour drawings of the most representative1 English, Dutch and German wooden toys with accompanying/' (YA verses was published in 1899 anl proved so popular that copiesJa XT' \are rare'y l-0 be found. &amp; &amp; &amp;B A FEW SETS OF THE TWENTY LARGE ILLUSTRATIONSIW Printed on thick art paper are still to be had, price fourguineas, (dollars 21. M irks 82.00. Francs 105 00).&amp; The Mask Publishers, Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy.ggwaaMaaiyn wanr hu .aaagßa—B* Mm Bff.i£gMBg£:.'aM&gt;*a£3MMMMMMMMMww«MMME;jMaMi»i«MaMEa^Mc£ataMM»gMMKiiMMMMMMMMM&gt;MMMHMMMMMMMMaMMMMMMMMMBMMnMiMMMMMM;MM- - -I - ■ -■TWfIITIM Tf HIIIIIIB I—l WWI |M Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lsstrscci, Via tfei Strragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask " Arena Qoidoni LITERARY CONTENTS . THE RETURN OF GORDON CRAIG TO ENGLAND • 8s-KLEPTOMANIA, OR THE RUSSIAN THEATRE. . John Balance. . . 97.THE COSTUME OF " HENRY VIII " . . . . E. W. Godwin. . . 102.APPRENTICESHIP IN JAPAN Lafcadio Hearn. . . 107.DISCIPLINE. A Note by. ..... John Semar . . . 108.SOME DEFINITIONS FROM AN OLD DICTIONARYTranslated by ........ Pierre Rames. . • no.THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE. Some Directions. . Andrea Perrucci . . 113.A NOTE ON THE MEANING OF " LAZZ1" "5-THE FOUR LUNATICS. A SCENARIO AN IMPROVISATION Count Carlo Oozzi. . 121.THE POSITION OF THE THEATRE. A SYMPOSIUM REPLIES FROM EIIenTerry . . . 127.Arthur PInero . . 128.Martin Harvey. . . 129.Gordon Craig. . . 129.Walter Crane. . . i3*«John Balance. . . 131.Christopher St John. . 132.George Calderon. . . 132.Allen Carrie. . . 132.UNFORTUNATELY &amp; FORTUNATELY. A Note , . Allen Carrie. . 134.FAKE FOLK ART Felix Urban, . . 135.VENETIAN COSTUME. ; Cesare Vecellio . . 137.jp BOOK AND MAGAZINE REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES, jsz EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. THE DESIGN FOR THE MENU AT THE DINNER INHONOUR OF Mr GORDON CRAIG (ColouredFrontispiece) Albert Rothensteln Face i.FOUR JAPANESE DESIGNS Half Tone 96. 160.SIX VENETIAN COSTUMES : Cesare Vecellio 139 .143.145.147.149.153.HEAD AND TALE PIECES .... Oliver, Borrow and others. Desing of the Menu at the Banquet given in honour of Mr Gordon Craig. In London. July 16, 1911.Designed by Mr Albert Rothenstein. THE RETURN OF GORDON CRAIG TOENGLAND. J. S. SOME SPEECHES MADE AT THE BANQUET GIVEN IN HIS HONOUR ONJULY 16, TOGETHER WITH SOME LETTERS RELATIVE TO THAT EVENTRECEIVED FROM REPRESENTATIVE MEMBERS OF THE EUROPEANTHEATRE, AND A FOREWORD BY JOHN SEMAR. The Dinner given in honour of Mr Gordon Craig on July i6th at theCaf£ Royal in London was a significant event. jg?It was something far more than the mere acclamation of a persona- lity ; it was the public recognition and advocacy of a principle : somethinggreater than a public tribute to the achievement of one artist; it was\the acknowledgement and acceptance of an ideal which he upholds : it wasnot merely an assembly of friends met together to celebrate the returnof an individual; it was the gathering of a large number [of the mostrepresentative and distinguished figures in the world of art and the worldof society to testify unanimously to their championship of the cause forwhich he is striving and their belief in the aims he has in view, andto do honour in his person to that awakening European Theatre of whichhe is the acknowledged representative and head. When Craig began his work he began alone so far as his contempo- raries went. "Every new opinion at its starting is precisely in a minorityof one ", and so it was in this case so far as the living were concerned,although the great traditions and the great artists of the past of bothEast and West were on his side. jg? &amp; &amp;&amp; He is not alone now. He has the artists with him almost to a man.He has the leading figures of the European Theatre on his side. Stani- slawski of Moscow, Sieves! of Budapest, De Vos and Rooyards of Holland, Antoine and Yvette Quilberi of Paris, and in England Ellen Terry, w. RYeats, Martin Harvey and many more ; while others, like Professor Rein,hardt, pay him, however unintentionally, the slncerest tribute admirationcan offer the closest imitation of his work which German thoroughnessand acquisitiveness can achieve. &amp;■£? Nor is his influence limited to these prominent figures, it Is everywhere1 hese .-.'le a.he gr ?..tt beacons, • •.. .. but who shall keep count of thesmaller fires he has set alight? The Italians have an old custom that,as the new fire, fresh struck from the flint, is carried through the streetsat Easter, all who wfl! may stop him who carries it and light their owntapers at the fiame. And so, In the years that Craig has spent away from England, he hasbeen distributing the fire of his new discoveries and ideals,.... the firewhich his genius has struck from the old traditions and the old truths,...in ail directions, and by Its light groups of young artists of all nations,each in his own place and degree, are studying and working, andvfsunng and preparing the ground for a new theatre which shall embodythose ideals. In fact, to quote Mr Max Beerbohm, Craig's influence "isfestooned from point to point around Europe ", his adherents are every.where, and the number assembled at the Cafe Royal on July I6th musthave been small indeed compared with those who were present in spirit;and who, unable to testify in person to their belief or their admiration,cousd only, 44 with a forced cheerfulness but a full heart " raise theirglasses from afar. &amp; &amp;&amp;^&amp; There is no need to speak here of the work which Craig has accom- plished or to reiterate the services he has rendered to the Theatre. Thosewho know anything of the history of the modern theatre know that he hasbeen bailed by all who love It as an Art on the strength olhss superlative merits as a producer of the Poetic Drama and by all whohonour it a.~. an lis.siu Joa by the dignified and uncompromi"sing way in which he has up=held and fought for its noblest traditionsand its best Ideals. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; That the English Theatre has not seen fit to do him, and itself, honourby Valuing tho»© gkfis at their true worth is only one of the many errorsfor which England will sooner or later have to answer. &amp; For years she has been told by men of brains that In Gordon Craigshe possesses a genius of rare quality. She has been told it now moreInsistently than ever. She has welcomed the work of his imitators andpupils: now she has the opportunity of profiting by his own presence..€/ It will be interesting to watch the issue.Of course " against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain, "and unfortunately the real talent which the English stage undoubtedlypossesses is too often nullified by an amazing stupidity, a. blindness toany but personal or petty interests, on the part of the majority of thoseby whom it is controlled. &amp;As one of the daily papers, in reporting the Dinner, said, the signi- ficance of those present, although including "many of the best living menin art, the drama...; and so forth " " pale before the tremendous signifi- cance of the absentees", and! the same paper continues that, though thenames of those absentees are not given, 44 one can guess and calculate44 and come to conclusions ".&amp; 44 The knighted theatre-managers were not there, conspicuously not44 there. When Signora Eleonora Duse said to Mr Arthur Symons eight44 years ago 44 To save the theatre the theatre must be destroyed. The44 actors and actresses must all die of the plague. They poison the air,44 they make art impossible " she meant the London west-end type, and44 she mortally offended its chief representatives. There was a dead silence.44 In a recent number of 44 The Mask " Mr Gordon Craig developed Signora44 Duse's dictum, and there was at once a great outcry against the un- -44 heard-of enormity. Every new movement begins with an attack on the44 established or the effete. In order to be reproduced the seed of a plant44 must die in the earth to come alive again ; no death, no life. In order44 to save an art the bad old must go and clear the ground for the good44 new. Life and progress is a continual passing and renewal. In opera44 and the music of the concert-hall and the theatre the same Is true.44 New schools arise on the decay of the old; Progress leaves high and44 dry on the banks of the onward stream of events a number of works44 that become classics; the rest pass down to oblivion, washed away by44 the stream. The fashionable drama and opera of the present time are44 dying of their own moribund qualities. " All this being very true, it Is obvious why the adherents of the oldslack realistic methods oppose themselves to this new movement whichis daily gathering strength; why they throw all their influence into theopposite scale. They are too contented in their rut to step out of it;they want nothing newer than their own old box of tricks. &amp; &amp;s&amp;So far as England is concerned Craig has fought against the enemiesof progress and against dull routine and the old clumsy realistic methodsfor years, and has had to fight his battle practically alone. A few indi- viduals have understood and championed his aims. Now for the first timesome public and corporate acknowledgement has been made of the serviceshe has rendered and the work he has achieved. Nothing very much, itis true,.... but still a beginning. They have given him a dinner,.... the Englishman's immemorial wayof showing honour; but now let them give him something more lasting;let them give him the one thing he asks of them, a 5ch001,.... an expe- rimental school for the study of the Art of the Theatre. Let them recog- nise that the best way of proving their appreciation of what he hasalready accomplished is by giving him the means of accomplishing more;that the best way of honouring his genius is to afford him the opportunityof exercising it in the English Theatre and on the English Theatre'sbehalf.&amp; Anything short of this is futile.What is the use of a partisanship which stops short at words ? Strongbelief manifests Itself in strong action; profound feeling crystallises intosome permanent and fruitful form ; love is creative and not content withmerely drinking to the health of the person or cause beloved.And it ought to be so easy of accomplishment,.... the foundation ofsuch a School! No country can be more hotly responsive than Englandwhen it chooses. No country can raise money more swiftly when it wiil.Nowhere are there rich men more ready to back their beliefs with theirbank-books. £? £fThis has been evidenced more than once within the last few months.Those who believed in the Importance of the new Polar expeditionadvocated by Sir Ernest Shackleton did not content themselves with goodwishes; the money needed poured in within a few days. Those who valued Rembrandt's " Mill" as a national asset raised thousands of poundswithin a few hours in an effort to secure it for the nation. jP &amp; And In like manner those who believe that In Gordon Craig Englandpossesses an artist of rare and unique talent, those who are convincedof the vital importance to the nation of the status of the theatre as Artand Institution ; those who have publicly proclaimed these beliefs, andasserted, moreover, that they recognise in Craig the man who has provedhimself best qualified to assist the theatre, the one upon whose judgementreliance should be placed, will not let the matter rest there now thatthe healths are drunk and the tables cleared.They will believe him when he tells them that years of experience andexperiment have shown him the absolute necessity of a School of experi- ment and they will lose no time in raising the funds necessary for theestablishment of such a School.4? The institution or the nation which disregards the opinion of an expertIs taking upon itself a heavy responsabllity. Craig is acknowledged as anexpert in all that pertains to the theatre, and he has spoken very clearlyon this matter again and again.jp " No one " he is reported as saying In a recent Interview, " not even" a super should be allowed on the stage until he has been trained and" shown to competent judges that he has profited by his training......." We (referring to himself and his followers,) are constructive in so far" as we aim at the establishment of schools for the art and at putting" them under the control of the few artists who have been born to theart of the theatre ", and he went on to declare yet once more that onlyby the discipline and training .'obtained in very serious and difficultschools could we succeed in reversing the present condition of things," for by such schools will be produced those 'great persons' who shall" destroy the theatre that the theatre may be saved ". 4?P The English Theatre has now got an opportunity. It has - " got theman and got the money too ". The artists and Theatre-workers ofEurope will watch with interest to see what it makes of this oppor- tunity. JC? 4/4? 4^&amp; News comes to us from London that there were two hundredinfluential persons present at the dinner; that letters of regret were received from many more, and that a yet larger number who apphedto the committee for invitations were unable to be present owing to theFmfted space.Assuming the sincerity of all those persons, the reality of their interestIn the cause whose leader they acclaimed, one starts with a nucleous ofat least some hundreds of persons who are, one presumes, ready to use boththeir influence and their money to forward the cause in which thevprofess themselves believers. &amp;Why, the thing should be an accomplished fact within a month!Delay is dangerous and stupid, for leaders and experts are not to befound at every corner, genius is too rare to be trifled with, and it isa pity to waste the time of a man whose gifts and qualifications areso unique.&amp; " A great age is an age which employs its men of genius; a poorage is an age which has no use for them " said Mr W. B. Yeats speak- ing at the Dinner. &amp;•&amp;&amp;&amp;J&amp; &amp;England would do well to bear this in mind in relation to the useshe makes of Gordon Craig. She does not want to advertise herself tothe worad at large as too poor to perceive, employ, or profit by, thegenius of the greatest Artist of the Theatre of the age... and that Artist one or ner own sons. &amp; &amp; SOME LETTERS AND SPEECHES. account of the Evening, with the names of some of the guests willfound among our Foreign Notes. We here reprint somefew of the letters from those unable to be present which, after the King'shealth had been drunk, were read by the Chairman, Mr WilliamRothenstein. &amp; &amp; a* We a,so give Mr Rothenstein's speech, in which he proposed thehealth of the Quest of the Evening, seconded by Mr W. B.Yeats; Mr Craig'steply and toe speech made on behalf of the Quests by Mr MichaelLyklardopoulos, of the Moscow Art Theatre. &amp; * Dr ALEXANDER HEVESI BUDAPEST. Dr Alexander Hevesi.Dramaturg. Regisseur of the State Theatre, Budapest. Sir,I lose no time in replying to your kind invitation (which reached meIn the country), and which gave me at once pleasure and pain as Iam prevented from paying a visit to London this year, though I havealways been very fond of England (where I had passed perhaps the mostpleasant days of my life), and though I am one of the honest admirersofour mutual friend, and so 1 would have been very happy indeed tosee him at the dinner given in his honour by such a splendid and excellentassembly. &amp; 1 think, Mr Craig is the truest revolutionist 1 ever saw in my life,because he is requiring the oldest things we can ever fancy. Revolutionand revelation are not far from one another and he gives us both. Historch destined to set on fire our pseudo-Theatres, our monstrous andbarbarous play-houses, has been kindled at the sacred fires of the mostancient arts. He discovered for us that in a rope-dancer there may bemore theatrical art than In an up-to-date actor reciting from his memoryand depending on his prompter.&amp; 1 am sure all who are working on the stage throughout Europe, creativeminds or stage managers, priding themselves on their being creativeminds:.... cannot be but most grateful to Mr Craig and must regardall that is and shall be done in his honour, to be done in the vital in- terest of the very art of the theatre.Por more than a hundred years there have been two men working onthe stage, spoiling almost all that is to be called theatrical art. Thesetwo men are: the Realist and the Machinist. &amp; &amp;The Realist offers imitation for life, and the Machinist tricks in placeof marvels. So we have lost the truth and the marvel of life, that Is,we have Sost the main thing possessed by the art. The Art of the Theatreas pure imitation Is nothing but an alarming demonstration of theabundance of life and the narrowness of Art. &amp; It is like the ancient example of the child who was trying to emptythe sea with a shell, and as for the wonderful tricks of the machinist,they can be marvellous but they can never be a marvel. A flying machine is marvellous but a bird is a marvel. To the true Artist common life isa marvel and Art more abundant, more intense and more living thanlife itself. &amp; £&gt;&amp; True Art is always discovering the marvel in all that does not seemto be marvellous at a!!, because Art is not imitation but vision. That isthe great discovery of Mr Craig on the stage. He found the forgottenwonder-land with the sleeping beauty; the land of our dreams and wishes,and has fought for it with the gestures of an artist, with the soul ofa child, with the knowledge of a student and with the constancy of alover. He has done the greatest service to the Art in which we are soprofoundly interested and it is a great happiness for us all that he comesoff with flying &amp;&amp; He has his admirers and followers in our little Hungary, the wholeof the new generation being under his Influence, and without any dispa- ragement to the great merit and good luck of Professor Relnhardt, weHungarians, as close neighbours and good observers dare say, that almostall that has been done in Berlin or Dusseldorf, in Munich or in Mannheimfor the last ten years is to be called the success of Mr Craig.1 am very sorry, my dear Sir, that I am not able to express all that1 feel in a better style. But I am writing in a language which is notmine and living in a country cottage far even from my English dictionaries.I am obliged to write it as I can and not as 1 would. £?£? £/ DIREKTOR KONSTANTIN STANISLAWSKI MOSCOW. K. Stanislawski.Director of the Art Theatre, Moscow. Mr Craig.Please accept the sincerest congratulations of your Russian friends andadmirers, who were fortunate enough to witness the realisation ofyour artistic ambitions and have shared the |oys and disappointmentswhich you felt so keenly in a foreign country. &amp;&amp; When you were in Moscow you were always thinking about the theatreof your native land, and your thoughts were always turning to the gates that were closed to you. £/£/&amp;■£&gt; •&amp;&amp; Now these sates are opening for you with honour, and today mostbrilliant representatives of the English literary and artistic world at lastrecognise you as a prophet in your own country. &amp; &amp;The good wishes of all your friends In Russia are at this moment*with you on this day of your long and well-earned triumph. &amp; We rejoice in the recognition accorded you not only In Russia andother foreign countries but In your native land, which you have now atlast conquered.May you have further perseverance to fulfil your mission of beauty....The beauty which is too subtle and too strange to be appreciated imme- diately by the throng of ordinary theatre goers, over which your geniushovers. My wife, my daughter and son write themselves with me in the heart- felt congratulations and greetings which 1 send. MADAME YVETTE GUIBERT. is a very great artist, and it is a joy for me to see in thiscountry this charming solidarity existing to honour a man likeCraig. Mr MAX BEERBOHM RAPALLO. Villino Chiaro, Rapallo. Yours sincerelyMax Beerbohm. Yeats,How I wish 1 could be at the dinner next Sunday! When 1 lived inLondon it was one of my standing grievances that Gordon Craig wasin Italy. And now that I live In Italy, it is so like him to be In London.I won't go so far as to say that he never is where he ought to be; forhe must always be somewhere, and wherever he is, he is needed.Buthe Is needed everywhere else too. Men of genius are so few; and theyought to atone for their fewness by being at any rate übiquitous...*. &amp;&amp; Craig's influence is übiquitous, certainly festooned from point to point around Europe. But the charming fellow himself, ever as gay ashe is earnest, and as Inspiriting as he is inspired.... is confined alwaysto one place at a time and I resent that! jsr &amp; However, I don't want to spoil your evening; and with a forcedcheerfulness but a full heart I raise my glass from afar. &amp; Mr GRANVILLE BARKER LONDON. YoursH. Granville Barker Rothenstein.1 have to go away or I'd much like to have been there tomorrowand helped to give Craig a dinner.... if we'd only ten years ago givenhim a theatre.... I am a pedestrian person, 1 always feel, and if I'd methim working I'd have fought and got in his way...: like the blindest,....but I'd have known what I was fighting.... it was more than ten yearsback, it was before he went to Germany.... 1 remember then that I toldhim he was big enough to steal from.... that's turning out a prophecy.Vou're to be in the chair tomorrow night Yeats tells me. Give Craig if you remember my very warm regards. THE SPEECHES. Mr WILLIAM ROTHENSTEIN: CHAIRMAN. Miss Terry, Ladies and Gentlemen.'® one of the qualities of fine works of art that when we areunder their spell we feel a sense of elation, of added power and ofunderstanding; above all, it seems for a moment as though the curtainwere drawn aside and we get a momentary glimpse of the infinite well.4s we feel towards sound works of art, so do some of us feel towardssound artists, and 1 for one can scarcely remember a time when 1 havenot wanted to run along the roofs of the houses crying out, Can't yousee? Craig is a wonderful person. &amp; &amp; great delight, and that it should be my privilege to be chosen to expressour common admiration for Craig's genius I feel to be a rare honour.What is it then that we admire in Craig's work, which causes us toplace him high above all others of our contemporaries connected withthe drama ? x? &amp; x?X/ First and foremost it is the clearness of his x&amp; There is a general Idea abroad that Craig, like so many artists, is avague idealist. Nothing could be more false. It is because people arevague about the great facts of life which artists see with crystal clearnessthat they consider them to be vague. From the beginning Craig saw thatArt to be worthy of the name must in some way represent these greatfacts of life. The crash of thunder, and the song of the birds, the moun- tains and plains, the beauty of the face of the world, of man and womanand children, the terrors and joys of life, in fact something of the spiritof all these things must be present in the work of very true artists.&amp; That this relationship to the forces which underlie ail existence shouldlikewise be brought into all dramatic representation, if it is to be con- sidered as seriously as the other arts, has been Craig's constant preoc«&gt;cupation. He saw it was this spirit which gave its significance to theancient art of the theatre, and he has devoted himself continuously,passionately, yet with the utmost patience to trying to bring it backonce more Into the modern stage. x&gt; X? x/are here tonight, then, to acknowledge our debt to him asthe one man connected with the theatre who has before him a definiteand clear ideal, and to tell him that he has so far succeeded in realisingit, that at last the mere mention of his name evokes among peoplethroughout Europe a noble series 3f images symbolic of a grand signifi- cant world.** He saw» too» that the other arts, architecture, music, sculpture, andpainting were based upon certain unwritten but precise laws of rhythmand harmony, and that these same laws once existed in the Theatrebut no longer exist there at present. There is always much talk amongcritics and dilettanti of going back to tradition, but to which traditionare we to return ? Craig might have chosen as so many artists have doneto give to his work that superficial resemblance to 17th or 18th century modes, or that flavour of classical archaism by which the more educatedpublic is so readily deceived.Instead, however of taking easy short cuts to a fictitious beauty hepreferred to say " I don't know, but lam trying to learn Above all, hescorned those stupid and empty formulas connected in the public mindwith the " poetic drama " which make the light of the stage as grotesqueand wearisome as is the sound of the actor's " poetic " enunciation Inone's ear. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; For him, as for all true artists, beauty Is strong, triumphant andclear stirring as the blast of a trumpet. Giotto's tower and St Mark's atVenice are as beautiful In the light of the mid-day sun as they are byfirelight. &amp;&amp; Art Is a worker of the perfect adjustment of each part to the whole,and to that end, the precise part to be played by actor and scenes, mass,light and shade, clearness and mystery, height and breadth, voice andcolour, he has chosen to devote all his energy. £&gt; £?It has been said many times that the managers have treated Craigvery badly In not having made use of his great gifts. The managers ontheir side say that they would have liked to do so, but that our friendIs an extremely difficult person. &amp;' think that is very likely to be true; during the last century, allgood artists have been so described, and the reason is not far to seek:the people no longer have the knowledge which enables them to makepractical use of sound artists. When work is to be done, bad artists areemployed, and as they have not the clear vision I have already referredto, they do their bad work with great skill and ability. The consequenceis that, In all the arts, the second-rate men get the great practicalknowledge. The experience they gain allows of their giving correctestimates for work required, whether it be of the nature of sculptures,building, or the staging of plays, and managers, public-works depactmentsor private clients, congratulate themselves on the smartness with whicheverything has gone off. So accustomed has the public became to thisstate of affairs that a good artist is by nature supposed to please nobodybut one or two rare spirits, to remain poor and obscure, and workingfor the public is become synonymous with insincere work. If then he suddenly, through some curious accident, does get some public work todo, he has not Infinite acquaintance with financial figures which is thebetter part.of public talents. To us, however, Craig has been in the bestsense a servant of the public. It is now many years since he first showedus how noble a thing the stage could be; those of us who saw the44 Masque of Love ", 44 Dido and Aeneas 44 Acis and Galatea 44 Beth- lehem " and the plays he staged for you, Miss Terry, Ibsen's44 Vikings" and Shakespeare's 44 Much Ado ",will not, 1 think, forget ourdebt of gratitude to your son so long as we live. &amp;&amp; Here was a new and wonderful thing, that the theatre shouldsuddenly give us that unity which until then we believed to bepossible only in the more generally recognised arts of painting, music,sculpture and It was so unexpected, so profoundly moving, that those of us who saw1these things have had ever since so exalted a view of the art of theTheatre that we find it hard to accept as true coin those pieces whichpass through so many of the changers' hands in the booths about theTemple. &amp; &amp; Those of us who read The Mask,.... and I hope all of us here aresubscribers to that unique and inspiring review..... know how ceaselesslyCraig has toiled to get to the root, hidden so deeply beneath the ground,of theatrical canons. I hat they lie entwined among the roots of lifeitself he has long since discovered. His aim, then, is clear. The Theatreexists to interpret life.... use not in the accidental sense in which mostpeople conceive it, but that essense through which all things are mademanifest. Builder,sculptor,painter and musician have worked together to bring thesignificance of life to bear upon the Church so that when the people wishedto commune with their Gods their presence has been felt and their voicesheard about them. That the atmosphere of the Theatre should be one andthe same and should serve a similar purpose not the purposeof the preacher, is the object of Craig's labours. This is the end for whichhe has worked and Is still striving; as a man, lost in tortuous cavernssuddenly sees far off a speck of light and knows then he will find his wayinto the light of the sun, so he too is beginning to see a clear way out. Edward Gordon Craig, we who are met here tonight to do you honourwish then, not only to set on record our great admiration for the noblework you have achieved, but we wish also tell you that we have a strongfaith in the great work you are doing now and will we believe continueto do as long as you live. We wish you God speed upon your difficultjourney, but at least you will know that you have good friends whotrust you and honour those great traditions of men's effort to expressthe divine in life which are older and snore glorious than any others,0&gt; Ladies and Gentlemen, let us drink to the strength and inspirationof our friend, Edward Gordon Craig. 0? Mr W. B. YEATS. Yeats, speaking In support of the toast, said it was Mr Craig whofirst taught the use of light and shade on the stage. Before that theyhad been accustomed to paint light and shade, thus presenting scenerywhich looked like a bad Academy picture. A great age was an agethat employed its men of genius, and a poor age one that could notdo so. This age found it difficult to employ men of genius like Mr Craig. Mr GORDON CRAIG'S Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen;'s *" STout happiness to me to feel that 1 have so many friends,It is a great honour to know that amongst those friends are the namesof the first artists of England, Scotland and Ireland. jz?It is because of t?i-s fact that this dinner becomes one of the mostsignificant honours which can be paid to a representative of the Euro- pean Theatre...; and it is as the English representative of the awakeningEuropean Theatre that I am here this evening. jg? 00? I have been often told that in England the Art of the Theatre, likemost other arts, is ignored by the public although much talked about bya few individuals. &amp; 0&gt; &amp; &amp; 00&gt; But what is astonishing in that ? 0? &amp; ' 00r Art JS not a national thing. It is far more than that, It is a religious thing. Is it then surprising that only a few million people In Europeshould love it?But let us avoid as much as possible talking about Art. Let uscreate and enjoy it.And now, let me end.&amp; Now let me thank you again many many times for your love.is that which counts and only that. It is that which creates artand only that. &amp; &amp;Art is only Incomprehensible because love is so incomprehensible andso contradictory a thing; so earthly and so divine; and no great Artcan possibly be created by men and women who do not understand andaccept this truth.Xef Once more my thanks to you, and my love. &amp; &amp; Mr MICHAEL LYKIARDOPOULOS. Mr- Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen, Please allow me first to thank Mr®Frederick Whelen for his expression of good=will to the guests andmyself# A chance visit to London has afforded me the fortunate opportunityof being present here this evening in my capacity of secretary of theMoscow Art Theatre. Will you allow me, on behalf of that institutionand my Moscow comrades, to convey to Mr. Gordon Craig the sentimentsof cordiality and gratulatlon which are shared by all of us on seeing hisgenius recognised as it should be by his English contemporaries. &amp;" The Moscow Art Theatre is proud indeed to have been the firstEuropean stage on whose boards Mr. Gordon Craig was able to materialisebis artistic vision and to realise on the completes! scale possible thoseideals which, born in England, were cradled in Moscow. Mr. GordonCraig was, i fear, regarded by a good many of you some years ago asan alchemist searching for a philosopher's stone in the art of the theatre ;....a philosopher's stone that would turn everything to gold. It was theprivilege of the Moscow Art Theatre to provide that alchemist with thematerials by which the philosopher's can be found.&amp; " In a few months Moscow, St. Petersburg, and, I hope, London willsee ' Hamlet' produced in a manner not unworthy of Shakespeare's genius, and a new chapter will be opened in the history of the art ofthe theatre. " Mr. Gordon Craig, We who have worked with you in Moscow, wewho have had the felicity of watching the builder laying the foundationsof a new Thespian shrine, shall indeed rejoice if such a theatre, suchshrine, can be materialised here in London. «e&gt; «£? SHUNZAN: Dance of Four Geishas, Two disguised as Monkeys. HOKUSAI: A Travelling Company. From the "Onno Sanju rokkasen" of 1798. KLEPTOMANIA, OR THE RUSSIANTHEATRE by John Balance. here is so much Russian art being let loose into the theatres ofEurope lately that it may be as well to study some specimens ofit and see what has made the thing so popular and whether there is sufficient ground for so much sudden and insincere enthusiasm. One finds upon enquiry that some queer and commonplace pointsarrest attention and dispose of the idea which has somehow gained cre- dence that this art differs from other theatrical work or that it is inany way remarkable. &amp;jzr Mr Gordon Craig has told us that the Moscow Art Theatre is the firstin Europe, but I have noticed that when writing of that theatre he hasinvariably treated of it as an organization and made no mention of its art.He, has been very particular upon this point and his discrimination issignificant.With that side of the story, however, I am not here concerned. WhatI am interested in are the results. Mr Craig tells us that the Russians areexcellent workers and I do not question his statement; I merely observethat the results obtained by that work of theirs are essentially commonplace*ldo not intend to write here of the Moscow Art Theatre; that is asubject into which I hope to go in my next article, when 1 shall pointout that their work, admirable as it is in execution, is very much thesame as that which any other theatre in Europe has to offer us. I hopeto consider the Russian Theatre in general under its three aspects ofDrama, Ballet and Opera, but here and now shall confine myseif to theconsideration of the Ballet, which is visiting the European capitals andwhich is called Russian. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; THE RUSSIAN BALLET. And first what is this Russian Ballet which has lately caught the fancyof the impressionable Frenchman ? &amp;Well, to begin with, it is nothing new. It is the old French balletwarmed up; it Is a charming absurdity which has survived the centuries.The French Ballet is the most dellciously artificial impertinence thatever turned up its nose at Nature. &amp; Nature, so tolerant, has never objected to man making a foo! of himself("no, nor woman neither though by your smiling...") Nature loves a centuryor two of idiots, and if she can wreck a world on the score of its stupidity,then she is in her seventh heaven, and we fools of Nature, desiringnothing but a little notice to make us intoxicated, often lose our livesby playing thus into the hands of our savage and inexorable mother. Butshe is our mother, and when we forget that we forget an essentia! truth.The Russians have forgotten it. They have borrowed an artificialityfrom a blase people and have elaborated it :... and France is charmed.They t/ansplanted the French Ballet to St Petersberg, and with theassistance of the cane they persuaded their young dancers into leapinghigher than ever. St Petersberg enjoyed the fun for years, but they neversent any troupe into France until quite lately. What has encouragedthem to d 6 so now ? &amp; jZ? jz? jZ? *Z&gt;lndeed, there seems to be no exquisite reason. Perhaps the Japanesewar had something to do with it. This seems to me as good an excuseas any other, for, as ! have said, tlsey bring nothing new.There are equally good dancers already in the Ballet at the ParisOpera House, and there are ballet masters and mistresses who are mostcertainly quite as talented in this old-fashioned artifice ; and the Paris\scene-painters and costumiers are as capable as any of these new arrivals.But the Russians have done one clever -thing : they have increasedthe value of their French Ballet by adding to it a few tricks stolen fromother lands and other arts. This was. clever of them and highlyreprehensible. jZ? They invited painters of taste co assist them. They knew that somepainters who are not very great as painters are only too delighted toair their knowledge of colour and decoration in the more refinedatmosphere of the footlights. It gives them a chance. jZ? jZ&gt; &amp;&amp; So when the painters were secured they dressed up their old Balletafresh and gave it a new coat of paint. zz? jZ? jZ? &lt;0&amp; While doing this they stole an idea or two from the only originaldances* of the age, the American, and another idea or two from the most*advanced scene designers of Europe and superimposed all these upon thewirey artificial framework of the old French Ballet. Such is the modern Russian Baliet which Paris has today taken intoits dear feeble old arms. The whole spectacle is not a little farcical. &amp;Let us now look at the work of M. Bakst who, once an intelligent ifsuccessful painter, has become a scene and costume designer to the troupeand who shares the laurels with the dancers Nijinsky and Karsavina. 0OM. Bakst has a pretty knack of drawing coloured supplements andcovers for the Illustrated papers. Although the designs are ugly they areonly ugly enough to shock Parisians, (This has become a very easy featof late years). The ugliness of Bakst's designs is not due to any sternqualities in his work; it is never terrible like Daumier, nor has it theirony of Beardsley's demon. Bakst is ugly on account of his clumsy senseof the sensual. All his women, (and he is never tired of putting thembefore the public,) are drugged and in a kind of sofa orgy. They seem tohate ecstacy and they adore a good wriggle.The costumes he puts them into are mute; they want to speak andcannot; they are the old refurbished wardrobe of the old Racinet and ofSarah Bernhardt, save that these two spoiled us often with stockings,underwear and sleeves, vests and pinafores.0 Bakst has a passion for beads, and his evidently sincere devotion tothick lips and flat noses enables him to indulge In a ring or two now andagain. When he is at a loss how to get away from Racinet he fills In thegap, he covers his confusion, with a bead.0 The women he draws protrude ; therefore when he attempts to suggestsomething Indian or Chinese (and Russian Ballets are wedded to theEast), he gets curiously confused. Indians and Chinese hate that whichbulges. Bakst adores bulge ; ...it helps his beads so much. In short Bakstis vulgar. He is like a decorator of the French match boxes ; on seeingthese maidens of the French match box one is reminded of Bakst.On paper his vulgarity beams with a kind of blue glow which is notwithout charm and he has fingers which can draw in delicate outlineshis gross visions. 0 0 70 On the stage Bakst is not vulgar, he is simply lost. &amp;0 His designs for "La Peri " and 44 Narclsse " are charming in themagazines ; in actuality they are nonexistent. No one has seen them onthe stage. This is an oversight on his part for which he can hardlv be held responsible for he has the misfortune to be an amateur, and inamateur theatricals these accidents always happen.Many of his designs for costumes have lately been published, but tohis eternal undoing photographs of these same costumes have been pu- blished at the same time. These photographs give M. Bakst away, for thedesigns and the photographs are unlike each other, and the stage withwhich he has merely flirted opens its artificial arms for a last embrace.M. Bakst is dead. £?The stage does not like philanderers,... and M. Bakst was a phi- landerer. R. 1. P. j0 j£? &amp;M. Benois is even worse than M. Bakst. He is a serious old rake. Heis another painter who without caution rushed in. The stage Is killinghim too, but he still manages to totter along pleased to death withhimself.^&amp; When the two were together they suggested nothing so muchas our old friends Pantalone and 11 Dottore, such a skit did they seemupon the uselessness of impotence. &amp;If 1 am incorrect, if these old gentlemen have really createdsomething, really been of some benefit to the European Theatre ; If theirscenes and costumes are anything but the old vulgarity warmed up again;if they are artists and not merely blunderers, then let them bring evi- dence to prove it. j£? &amp; £tThey are blunderers because they draw their designs on papsr andthen attempt to translate them into the language of the stage. Theycannot think in the language of stage land .... or let us say, in thematerial of the stage, because, as the only serious master of theatricalart has said, (i) there is no material; "you cannot co-mingle the arts and" cry out that you have created a new art; If you can find in nature a" new material, (2) one which has never yet been used by man to give form" to his thoughts, then you can say that you are on the high road to•' creating a new art. For you have found that by which you can create " it, It then only remains for you to begin. The theatre, as I see it, has" yet to find that material. " &amp; THE DANCERS. rjp he Russian Dancers have always been most agile. Until quite latelyIn fact only since Miss Isadora Duncan's visit to St Petersberg in, 1think, 1904, they have not understood the value of the curve. The lastseven years they have been studying the charm of the weak and tenderline won by non-resistence. The great American was the first to de- monstrate this in Europe. 4PThe two most perfect Russian dancers are Pavlowa and Nijinsky.These two have been the most successful in acquiring the grace taughtthem by the American, and every performance of theirs becomes less andless the old French thing and more and more American. As with M. Bakstand his scenes and costumes so it is with their Dancing. It is not ori- ginal ; it is something learned and then made. They create nothing.♦ ♦&amp; In order to create anything a fierce belief is essential. The Artificialis that which Is made by hands, and any sceptic can make it. A work ofart is that which is created in distinction to that which is made. Allmodern dancing is manufactured and the Russian dancers are merely acopy of this made thing. &amp;&amp;£/&amp;&amp;&amp;It is pretence, fascinating and daring pretence, Just as their sceneryis pretentious. A!I great Art is very simple and direct. The Russians aresly about their work, oh, very very sly. There is no trusting, it, and itIs very elaborate like most sly things are.&amp; And this elaboration and these winks are very comforting to the worn- out Parisian society and to a certain weary group of Londoners who askfor nothing better than artifice to keep them awake. As a work of Art then the Russian Ballet is a myth ; as a work oforiginality it is a fraud. The dancers, painters and wig-makers of thetroupe are all charming will o' the wisps and their light is certainly notto be trusted. &amp;We await the time when Dancing shall move onward and upwardsinto a quite different plane before we can accept it as a fine art. &amp; (!) Qordon Craig ia Tbe Mask. April 1908. u The Actor and the TJebermarionette.(2) When that material has been discovered and tested it will be time enough to take M. Bakst and M.Benois seriously. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS THE COSTUME OF HENRY VIII. (I). by E. W. Godwin. 1875 ostume in this play reaches the utmost limit of costly mag- nificence. The action is the movement of a pageant, thecostume is the dress of a spectacle. In the text itself weare told that at Andren every Frenchman was "all clinquant" all in gold that every Englishman " show'd like a mine, " that the" pages were as cherubins, all gilt. " The cost of "these fierce vanities",as Buckingham calls them, fell so heavily on the gentlemen who tookpart In those days' doings that many " broke their backs with layingmanors on them ". The third Scene of the first Act is devoted to Parisfashions, and In it we find mentioned not only the " fit or two o' theface " and the mincing walk of the travelled gallants, but such articlesas the tall stocking, short blistered breeches, and those remnants of fooland feather that they got in France. The particular point, then, to re- member In clothing the characters in Henry VIII. Is that the play opensimmediately after the great meeting at the Field of the Cloth of Gold,and that London copied, with her usual exaggeration, the Parisianmode. Authorities for the period we have now reached are so numerous,so easily attainable, and so near to Shakespeare's own time, that error*in costume is'less to be excused than a failure in scenery. Monumentaland decorative sculpture, easel pictures, including life-size portraits, ta- pestry, drawings, MSS, and printed books furnish us with a rich store ofmaterial. Of contemporary portraits we have a large number; there aresome in the National Portrait Gallery, and the King's picture is to befound in more than one collection, but that in Warwick Castle is thebest 1 have seen. Holbein's Wolsey everybody knows Is In ChristChurch, Oxford; and in Cavendish's " Life of Wolsey " and Lodge's" Portraits " we have engravings taken from pictures by Holbein, Titian,and others of nearly every person of note in the play. The picture atWindsor Castle representing the meeting of the Kings of England andFrance on the Field of the Cloth of Gold may be compared with the sculpture at Rouen which exhibits the same event, and shows the fullforce of the expression " fool and feather, " for the plume on the headof the horse ridden by Francis Is not far short of three feet in height!Towards the end of the period «t)f the action some Important sumptuarylaws were passed, and from this enactment and inventories we gatherthat the dress of 1521=23 included.... ■£? zZ?Square-toed shoes of slashed velvet. £? £?Trunks or breeches of silk...black silk and gold, purple silk and Venicegold woven net-wise, and white silk and gold. &amp;Stocks or stockings of velvet, cloth, and satin. JZ? £7£? Doublets of cloth, velvet, damask, cloth of gold, cloth of silver, velvetcut in meandering patterns on the gold or silver c10th.... and velvetcovered with embroidery of gold and pearls, and buttons of diamonds,rubies, &amp;c.JZ? Sleeves wide, detached, and fastened to the jacket or doublet... likethe breeches or trunk hose were... with points or laces and tags. Theywere generally of satin when the doublet was of velvet, and usually ofthe same colour (worn by both sexes), (i) .z?Waistcoats with sleeves tightly fitting, made of cloth of silver, quilted,and " tuffed out with fine camerike " (worn by both sexes). Jackets or jerkins worn over the doublet, usually of velvet.Coats of velvet, damask, or cloth, with bases or skirts, ribbed andquilted, and loose, hanging coats, like short cloaks, with broad collarsand trimmings of fur, and large, hanging sleeves.(Gowns of velvet, satin, damask, and cloth, trimmed with fur of theblack genet, the sable, and lamb's wool (worn by both sexes). After 1533black genet was only worn by the blood royal.^Habit-shirts or partlets, with or without sleeves (worn by ladies only)were made of fine cambric, often richly embroidered with gold, or oflawn with network of gold woven therein.Kirtles or petticoats were made of cloth of gold, brocade, satin, velvet,damask, cloth, and worsted. Seven yards is quoted as the quantity ne- cessary for a Queen's kirtle. j&amp; Caps or coifs were of velvet, gold cloth, &amp;c., sometimes shaped likethe flat hood familiar to us in the portraits of the unfortunate Queen ofScots, and sometimes three-cornered, the peaks or corners projectingthree or four inches beyond the head. The humbler women folk worewhite kerchiefs of linen or holland.£? Of the different shapes of the articles above enumerated, it is almostImpossible to give anything like an adequate idea without numerousdrawings. There are, however, certain points which can easily be bornein mind ; thus, for example, the trunk sleeves were nearly always opened,cut or slit up and fastened together with laces and tags or buttons insuch a manner as to reveal the lining, which latter was sometimes ofvery precious material. Here are a few examples of sleeves. &amp; &amp;** Long sleeves all cut and lyned with cloth of gold. &amp;" Purple satin sleeves, embroidered all over with Venice gold, withdiamond and gold buttons set thereon." £? &amp;** A pair of truncke sleeves of redde cloth of gold, with cut workes,having twelve pair of agletes of gold " &amp; &amp; &amp;** A pair of French sleeves of green velvet, richly embroidered withflowers of damask gold, pirl of morisco work, with knops of Venice gold,cordlan raised, either sleeve having six small buttons of gold, and inevery button a pearl, and the branches of the flowers set with pearles"*&amp;"A pair of sleeves, ruffed at the hande with strawberry leaves andflowers of golde, embroidered with black silke. " 0*&lt; One pair of linen sleeves, paned with gold over the arm, quiltedwith black silk, and wrought with flowers between the panes and atthe hands." One pair of sleeves of purple gold tissue damask wire, each sleevetied with aglets of gold.One pair of crimson satin sleeves, four buttons on each sleeve, andin every button nine pearls." &amp;&amp;js? Cutting or slashing was by no means confined to the sleeve; it per- vades the whole costume down to the shoes, and the material, Insteadof being made as formerly with a few bold slashes, is now found to beslivered and snipped into a multitude of little cuts, making the fabricalmost as open as a network of shreds. Besides this cutting and puffing* other modes of ornamentation were adopted, such as ribbing, quilting,and striping. A full-skirted doublet ribbed appears to have been a kindof dress very much in favour. Of special dresses we must not forget thatthe Duke of Buckingham had In his wardrobe a white doublet and hosecut upon cloth of gold, embroidered and furnished with clasps and tagsof gold. The King's dress was often so much covered with embroidery ofgold that the material forming the ground showed but little. He was asfond of change in his costume as in other things, and his wardrobecontained what even nowadays a tailor might be justified in describingas an extensive assortment. Anne Boleyn wore at her coronation a surcoatand robe of purple velvet furred with ermine; her hair hung down fromunder a coif surrounded by a coronal of jewels; the dais or canopy overher was carried by the Barons of the Cinque Ports, dressed in crimson;the Lord-Chancellor wore scarlet bordered with fur; the dukes were cladin crimson velvet trimmed with ermine ; Suffolk's doublet and shortovercoat or cloak were thick with pearls, and his gown was of crimsonvelvet embroidered with gold. The feather worn in the hat and cap wasoften jewelled up the quill, and a large jewel or medallion usually coveredthe base of It. Henry wore a medallion or brooch In his hat, having theimage of St. George wrought in it In high relief. Benvenuto Cellini de- scribes three medallions that he made for wearing in the hat or cap.Two were of gold, one a Leda and swan, another Hercules tearing a lion;the third was of silver, lapis lazuli, and crystal, and contained a figureof Atlas with the world on his ba'ck. The figure was of silver, the worldof crystal, the zodiac of lapis lazuli, with the signs inlaid in gold, andthe background of the medallion lapis lazuli, the margin being made ofsliver wrought " with fruit and flowers, and other charming things boundround ". To this same artist we are indebted for the introduction ofdamascened steel=work..../.e. inlaying swords, halberds, &amp;c., with gold,as practised in Damascus. The partizan was one of the new weapons ofthis reign, and both this and the halberd and the way of carrying andholding them may be seen on the tomb of Francis at St. Denis, illustratedby M. Qulcherat in his " Hlstoire du Costume en France ". £? ln stage representation there may naturally arise an objection on thepart of the manager, be he ever so liberally inclined, to clothe his dramatis pgrsonae in velvet cut on real cloth of gold, but why thegenuine patterns of the sixteenth century should be thought equallydifficult to attain is somewhat strange, seeing that many of them werecarefully reproduced in Birmingham under the direction of the lateAugustus Welby Pugin about five and twenty years ago, and that oneor two have been reproduced within the last two years under my owndirection for Messrs. Collinson &amp; Lock. 1 have also seen at Messrs.Gillow's some remarkably good reproductions of early Renaissancefabrics, and I believe Messrs. Cowlishaw, Nicol &amp; Co., of Manchester, aredirecting their attention to the revival of genuine old designs In brocades,damasks, &amp;c. So that, apart from the very costly materials, there are nodifficulties in the way if any one wishes to revive Henry VIII. and theworld of his day...so close to Shakespeare's own time that he might easilyhave had it described to him by an eye=witness. On all sides authoritiesare to be found without any trouble to unearth them. Holbein is especiallyto be noted, and his life°size cartoon of the King at Kardwick Hall, madeA. D. 1537, must on no account be overlooked. Nicholas Hoghenberg'sseries of prints, representing the triumphal entry of the Emperor Char- les V. into Bologna A. D. 1530, may also be consulted as an authority forthe costumes of the foreign nobles, ambassadors, &amp;c., who might beintroduced to fill up the picture of this highly pictorial play. £? (I) The article on the Scenery of this play appeared in " The Mask October 1910. (1) At an evening party held in the Parliament House at Westminster ladies appeared for the first timo in shortor demy sleeves "with barearms. i.et. "naked down from the elbows" APPRENTICESHIP IN JAPAN Described byLafcadio Hearn; with a Note on Discipline by John Semar. Lafcadio Hearn. J. S. Qsaka is the great commercial school of the empire. From all parts ofJapan lads are sent there to learn particular branches of industry ortrade. There are hosts of applications for any vacancy; and the business*men are said fo be very cautious in choosing their detchi, or apprenticeclerks. Careful enquiries are made as to the personal character and fa- mily history of applicants. No money is paid by the parents or relativesof the apprentices. The term of service varies according to the natureof the trade or industry; but it is generally quite as long as the termPof apprenticeship in Europe ; and in some branches of business it may befrom twelve to fourteen years. Such, I am told, is the time of serviceusually exacted in the dry-goods business ; and the detchi in a dry-goodshouse may have to work fifteen hours a day, with not more than oneholiday a month. During the whole of his apprenticeship he receives nowages whatever,...nothing but his board, lodging, and absolutely neces- sary clothing. His master is supposed to furnish him with two robes ayear, and to keep him in sandals, or geta. Perhaps on some great holidayhe may be presented with a small gift of pocket money ;...but this is notIn the bond. The discipline of these long apprenticeships may be considered asevere test of character. Though a detchi is never addressed harshly, hehas to bear what no European clerk would bear. He has no leisure,...notime of his own except the time necessary for sleep; he must workquietly but steadily from dawn till late in the evening; he must contenthimself with the simplest diet; must keep himself neat, and must nevershow iil-temper. Wild oats he Is not supposed to have, and no chance isgiven him to sow them. Some detchi never even leave their shop, nightor day, for months at a time,...sleeping on the same mats where they sitin business hours. -&amp; My last day in Osaka was given to shopping,...chiefly in the districtsof the toy-makers and of the silk merchants. A Japanese acquaintance,himself a shopkeeper, took me about, and showed me extraordinary things until my eyes ached. We went to a famous silk-house,...a tumultuousplace, so crowded that we had some trouble to squeeze our way to thefloor-platform, which, in every Japanese shop, serves at once for chairsand counter. Scores of barefooted light-Ilmbed boys were running overit, bearing bundles of merchandise to customers. &amp; &amp;&amp; 1 asked how many persons the firm employed, and my friend replied;&lt;« Probably about two hundred here; there are several branch houses.In this shop the work is very hard, but the working-hours are shorterthan In most of the silk-houses,...not more than twelve hours a day. "j0 " What about salaries ? " I enquired." No salaries.&amp; " Is all the work of this firm done without pay ?" &amp;" Perhaps one or two of the very cleverest salesmen may get some- tliing...not exactly a salary, but a little special remuneration every monthand the old superintendent...(he has been forty years in the house)...getsa salary. The rest get nothing but their food ". £&gt;*' Good food ? " jst" No, very cheap, coarse food. After a man has served his time here,fourteen or fifteen years, he may be helped to open a small store ofhis own" Are the conditions the same in all the shops of Osaka ?" &amp;j£&gt; " Yes, everywhere the same. But now many of the detchi are gra- duates of commercial schools. Those sent to a commercial school begintheir apprenticeship much later; and they are said not to make suchgood detchi as those taught from childhood&amp; It is not exaggeration to say that most of the intelligent service ren- dered in Japanese trade and skilled industry is unsalaried. Perhaps onethird of the business work of the country is done without wages; therelation between master and servant being one of perfect trust on bothsides, and absolute obedience being assured by the simplest of moral conditions. &amp; In the last number of The Mask It was pointed out to how great anextent taste and distinction, the capacity for achieving the maximum ofbeauty with the minimum of expense, are displayed by all classes in the East, while In England we do but succeed in obtaining, inversely, aminimum of beauty with a maximum of cost. And surely in the abovepassages we find the secret of this: for are not such taste and distinctionas characterise the Japanese the outcome of a national spirit which ren- ders possible such conditions as those described by Hearn:... a spirit ofobedience, thoroughness, and submission to discipline for the attainmentof that thoroughness ? £? &amp; &amp;&amp; The training described, the conditions imposed, hard though they seemare no exception, but the commonplace daily custom of the East; butwhere in the West is to be found any such submission to discipline, suchstern apprenticeship, such earnestness in passing through a " long andexhausting " novitiate for the development of powers and the attainmentof an end ? And if such conditions are unquestioningly accepted by anapprentice to a trade what must be the training exacted from a studentin an art ?The Mask has again and again pointed out the absolute necessity ofthrough training for all workers in the Theatre, and when some suchconditions as the above are imposed upon, and willingly submittedto by, those workers, then, and not before, we may hope for a renais« sance of the Theatre. &amp; SOME DEFINITIONS FROM AN OLD 1825DICTIONARY, Translated by Pierre Ramés P. R. he following Definitions are drawn from an old TheatricalDictionary or Book of " Twelve hundred and thirty three♦' truths about the Directors, Reglsseurs, Actors, Actresses/" and Employes of the various Theatres, with Confidences" upon the Production of Illusion, Examination of the * * Dramatic Vocabulary, a Glance at the Material and Morals of the" Performances, etc, etc, etc " ; a little work by an anonymous authorwhich was already in its second edition in Paris in 1825. &amp;jg? Old as it is in years it is remarkably up to date, for not to all thingsdoes the saying " Other times, other manners " apply, and the Theatreof today, by the superficial change of but a few names, may yet find avery faithful image of itself in the mirror of this little old book. " Tis true tis pity; and pity 'tis 'tis true " 42 ADMINISTRATOR. ADMINISTRATION. &amp; Severity, Justice, considerationfor all his subordinates, consideration above all for the public whosetaste he should always consider, such are the qualities which make agood administrator. There are several systems of theatrical administra- tion ; the direction by an individual which resembles absolute monarchy;the direction divided among several, which resembles the triumverate orpentarchie ; the direction by the associated actors which is like consti- tutional government; finally the administration by the company of actors,but subject to the authority of a gentleman of the chamber or a minister;this has all the inconveniences of the protectorate without having allits advantages. The royal theatres enjoy the protectorate ; their situationis the strongest argument against this kind of 0AGE. A woman of the theatre is never between two ages, she istwenty or sixty: she is an ingenue or a duenna. Mile. Mars is eighteenaton the stage; no one enquires if she is forty=five in town : What doesit matter, indeed ? talent has no age.ARTISTE. A qualification taken by the comedians to whom one wouldrefuse if, and which those who have the right to it neglect. 0 ENNUI. Its usual dwelling is at the Odeon ; after this theatre theGrand Opera and the Vaudeville are those which it most frequently vi- sits. One never perceives it at the Odry or the Brunet: bad taste dwellsthere permanently to forbid its entrance.ENVY. A contageous illness in the theatre ; a mere nothing caq givebirth to it and nothing can put it out. It Is a devouring flame whichburns the hearts of mediocre comedians. Preville was inaccessible to envy.GENIUS. Reassure yourselves, authors and comedians : 1 do not defineit so as to discourage no one. 0HARMONY Rare in the orchestra, very rare on the stage, rarer yetbehind the scenes. jg/INDISPOSITION. The piece is not ready but it has been promised tothe public a month since. One replaces the formula 44 en attendant "by this: 44 delayed through indisposition ". .2? Madame Rigaut and Madame Casimir sing in the 44 Deux JumellesMadame Casimir obtains a deserved success, and Madame Rigaut imme- diately 44 Indisposes herself " against the parterre which has so muchapplauded Madame Rigaut but which has made the blunder of also ap- plauding Madame Casiinir. The 44 Deux Jumelles " disappears from thebill on account of 44 Indisposition ". jg? jg/ &amp; &amp;jg/ Indisposition is the common pretext, the banal excuse of all thejealous, of all the mediocre and capricious actors. Talma is never indi- sposed save when he is ill. I know more than one actor who, on thecontrary, is never in better health than when he is indisposed. uc?(INSTRUCTION. It does not bestow talent but it adorns it; it does notmake the artist, but it perfects him. A learned comedian may not begood, an ignorant comedian may have fine qualities.JOURNALIST; Independent, equitable, impartial, severe withoutcruelty, indulgent without weakness, disinterested in praise as in blame,assiduous at the performances of which he must give an account, careful to avoid intercourse with the actors and actresses, that is what heought to be.POSTERS. Before the revolution the announcement of the performancedid not bear the names of the actors. Today they are advertised, andthe vanity of certain actors is gratified by this mode of publication.The names printed on the posters in iarge type are a distinction to whichone aspires as to the ovation prepared by the claqueurs. The playbillsof the royal theatres do not admit these typographical differences. Se- niority there assigns the order, as, at the corners of the streets andsquares, it assigns them to the posters themselves.PURCHASE of Plays. This is an important branch of commerce. Thestarving authors, and those who wish to see their names figure often onthe play bills sell their productions to some influential actors,who produce them as often as they can. Nor do the actors alone performthis traffic of wit; some capitalists buy from the authors a portion ofthe interest in the performance of their plays, which gives them the rightto pose as men of letters, from the boulevard Montmontre to theboulevard de Pont-aux-Choux. JZ? £&gt;REHEARSALS. &amp; They are generally very badly carried on: thus it hap- pens that on the day of the first performance the pieces are indifferentlyacted. The rehearsals take place from eleven to two o'clock ; and arethe occasion for conversation quite irrelevant to the theatrical art. Mme,So-and-so talks of her carriage; Mr So-and-so of his house in thecountry ; this little student of her riding lessons; and the prompter, ofa game of dominoes. Meantime the poor author commends himself to allthe devils, the regisseur scolds, and the manager complaisantly letshimself be flattered by the courtiers who abound as much in the theatreas in the town ; thus the days pass, and people are amazed that, afterhaving rehearsed the piece for two months, an understanding ofthe intentions of the musician or of the dramatic conception of the poethas not yet been arrived at. In the small theatres the rehearsals arebetter managed than in the royal theatres ; and this is not the onlyadvantage which the secondary spectacles have over their superb rivals. THE COMMEDIA DELL' ARTE, OR PROFESSIONAL COMEDY. DIRECTIONS AS TO THE PREPARATION OF A PERFORMANCE FROM ASCENARIO, TRANSLATED FROM THE " ARTE RAPPRESENTATIVA EDALL'IMPROVVISO" OF ANDREA PERRUCCI. 1699 &amp; '"phe Corago, manager, or most experienced of the company, should planout the subject before It Is acted, so that one may know the contentsof the Comedy, understand where the speeches are to end, and diligentlystudy the addition of some new quips and lazzi. (i) &amp;Thus the office of him who manages is not merely to read the argu- ment, but to explain the characters with their quality and condition, thesubject of the story, the place where the scene is laid and the houses:to set forth the lazzi and all the necessary details, giving attentionto the things which are required for the play. J£?He wi'l say, for example, " The comedy which is to be acted is... thecharacters are ' ... Then he shall name their houses, assigning to themthe first on the right, the second on the left, the second on the right...Then he shall state the argument. (&amp; The Performers must above all give heed that they do not mistakethe country where the scene is laid, whence they come and for whatend, and that they keep well In mind their own names, it being toogreat an error, and an unpardonable blunder, for one to speak of beingin Rome and another in Naples, or that one who is supposed to comefrom Spain should say Germany... or for the father to forget the nameof his son or the lover that of his lady... So also they must pay attentionto the apportionment of the houses so that each may know his ownhouse, it being too ridiculous and foolish for anyone to knock at or enter Into someone else's house instead of his own... And these are the greatestblunders that can be made upon the stage.The Director then goes on pointing out and explaining the lazzi andthe plot, saying, " here one needs such and such a lazzo which Is donein such and such away: here such and such an equivocal scene, heresuch a metaphor, such a hyperbole, Irony, and so on with all the lazziand jokes, showing the characters what to do in each difficulty: &amp;The different characters must be careful not to run Into eachother in entering, which is easier in the improvised than in the preme- ditated comedy. One can likewise do more In the improvised than pre- meditated plays to remedy empty and silent scenes, each one being ableto hold forth on the tenor of the preceding scene and talk on until thearrival of the actor whose turn it is to enter, (i) &amp;jg? The actors, having heard what they have to do in the matter otentering as well as in the treatment and termination of the scenes, willbe able with their companions to rehearse the scenes and devise amongthemselves some new lazzi or something after their own fancy. One musttake care, however, not to depart so much from the main argument asnot to be able to return to it, and be prudent in this respect so thatthe audience may not, owing to long and persistent lazzi, lose the threadof the story or have difficulty in understanding it again £?Let all the actors be gathered to listen, and let them not trust toknowing by heart, or having previously acted, that Comedy; because itmight happen that different Managers would arrange the plot differentlyand that the names and places might be different. &amp;Having heard the Argument mapped out let the actors think how toapply something prepared already, or composed expressly for that Play,the latter being called " doti proprie per quella " (special gifts for thatparticular play,) some fact, story or thing specially concerning it, oruniversal things which they have ready by heart to apply to any Co- medy or Favola, such as.., First Entrances, Desperations, Conceits, Dialo- gues, Reproofs, Salutations, Parellels and whatever they may have said ofeither serious or comic, showing that they know how to collocate andapply them in such away as not to seem out of place but as though they necessarily fitted in there; not doing as do some who, to get in some=thing good or amusing or serious, say it and take no care to avoidputting it where, on consideration, it does not fit in... J£&gt;When night must toilow upon some scene one must be careful Inthe preceding scene to indicate it saying, "already it Is dark"; and soalso when dawn comes and it grows light. (1) For the meaning of " Lazzi" see page 115. U) As an example of this see page 121. A NOTE ON THE MEANING OF THE WORD "LAZZI". |n his "Histoire du Theatre Italien" Luigi Riccoboni writes: "We call" Lazzi that which Harlequins or the other masked actors do in the" middle of a scene to Interrupt It either by expressing fear or by making" jokes which have no connection with the subject of the play and to" which they are constantly obliged to resort. So It is these superfluities" suggested to the actor by his own genius on the spur of the moment," which the Italian comic actors call Lazzi. " v \ /Writing about this same word Dr Karl Mantzius, in his " History ofTheatrical Art" says : " According to Riccoboni lazzi is the Lombardic" pronunciation of the word Lacci, which means ribbons. With his lacci" the actor joins the parts of the action where the original connection" between them Is loose ; he binds them together with knots of his own" invention, or with such as have been settled once for all by tradition. THE FOUR LUNATICS. A Scenario of theCommedia dell'Arte. jG&gt; CHARACTERS. The Prince of Netturno. Lucinda, believed to be his daugh-Aurelio, his confidential servant. ter, afterwards a Princess.Stoppino, Aurelio's servant. Rosetta, her servant.Pandolfo, Counsellor. Captain of the Court.Ardelia, his daughter. Cola, his servant.Ulivetta, her servant. Giangurgolo, of the Court.Übaido, second Counsellor. Pages, footmen as required.A Magician at the end. &amp; ACT. 1. SCENE &amp;Ardelia and Ulivetta.&amp; Ardelia from the house, pretending it is dawn, complains about thetardy arrival of Aurelio who has been, sent by the Prince to the oracleof Cuma; nor does she know how to defend herself from the Prince whosays that he wants to marry her that day. Ulivetta complains of Stoppino;they say that t'ley want to speak with Übaido ; In this, #&amp; SCENE &amp;&amp; Lucinda, the aforesaid and afterwards Übaido.Lucinda comes to the door with a pistol in her hand ; says " I wasjust thinking of you ", and pulls the trigger ; it does not go off;Ardelia screams, Ulivetta faints. In this Übaido enters; learns that Lu- cinda wanted to kill Ardelia so that the marriage with the Prince shouldnot take place. Übaido promises to help both. They go in; he remains,and in this, jg? SCENE 3. The Prince, Pandolfo, Captain, Cola and .&amp; The Prince says that he wishes to await Aurelio with the Oracle'sreply and that he has made up his mind to marry. All approve. He saysto Pandolfo that he wants his daughter as wife; then calls, and in thisSCENE 4. &amp;Ardelia, the aforesaid and Ulivetta.&amp; She (Ardelia) learns the will of the Prince; replies sadly and refuses him. He tells her to think it over and all go into the Court. SCENE 5.Aurelio and Stoppino.&amp; Aurelio says that he has returned from the Oracle of Cuma; theyspeak about their love affairs. Stoppino, wishing to try the constancy ofthe women, makes Aurelio draw back; makes a sign, and in this &amp;&amp; SCENE 6. &amp;&amp; Arde/ia, Ulivetta and the aforesaid.The women see Stoppino; act the scene of the- ghosts,... that is, theybelieve that it is his ghost. In the end he shows that he is not a ghostbut Stoppino; they act a love scene ; the women go into the house, they(Aurelio and Stoppino) into the Palace.^£&gt; SCENE 7. &amp;Captain and Cola.&amp; The Captain discourses upon the cruelty of Lucinda, Cola on that ofUlivetta. The Captain says that he has understood that the Prince wantsto marry Lucinda. In this &amp;£&gt; SCENE 3. x?Rosetta, Lucinda and the aforesaid.&amp; She (Lucinda) is entreated by the Captain ; she rejects him and goesin with Rosetta; the Captain goes off. Cola remains.SCENE 9. &amp;Giangurgolo, Cola, Stoppino aside.&amp; Qiangurgolo discourses on his love for Lucinda and the rivalry of theCaptain. Stoppino arranges to get the Captain into disgrace with thePrince so that he may not give him Lucinda, and in this &amp;&amp; SCENE 10.&amp; Stoppino and aforesaid.&amp; Stoppino hears how they have arranged to disguise themselves pre=tending to come from Orb o and sent by the Authorities to Imprisonthe Captain for theft; they go out. Stoppino says he will remedy all whenthe time comes and SCENE 11. &amp;&amp; Princef Pandolfo, Captain, Court, Giangurgolo and Cola,The Prince promises Lucinda to the Captain and says that Pandolfo must persuade his daughter. He goes into the house. The Prince saysthat Aurelio does not give him the answer of the Oracle. In this &amp;&amp; SCENE 12.&amp; Qiangurgolo, Cola, disguised, Sioppino : the aforesaid andConstables.&amp; They (Qiangurgolo and Cola) come disguised as constables to find theCaptain so that he may be punished as a thief; they describe manythefts; the Prince looks at the Captain ; he is astonished. In this Stop,pino says, "By your Excellency's leave pulls off the beards and revealsthe trick. The Prince orders them to be imprisoned. The police are called.The Prince with the Court goes off; the police came and want to arrestthem. They defend themselves.&amp; END OF ACT 1.&amp; ACT 2. SCENE 1. &amp;Prince, Captain, Court, and Übaldo.&amp; The Prince is very angry with the two prisoners. In this Übaldo saysthat the prisoners entreat to be heard before being condemned; thePrince orders them to come in; in thisSCENE 2. &amp;The Prisoners and the aforesaid.j»7Qiangurgolo falls on his knees saying that love has led him to a?t so.Cola says that If the Prince will pardon them both he will disclose im- portant matters relating to his own love affairs. The Prince promises andmakes all withdraw. Cola reveals to him the love affair of Ardelia withAurelio and says that if he wants Ardelia he must make her believe thatAurelio is faithless, causing Aurelio by his order to escort Lucinda tothe Court fete. The Prince gives permission; they go into the Court; hecalls; In this &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; #&amp; SCENE 3. &amp;&amp; Princej Pandolfo, and later Ardelia•j(p&gt; The Prince asks what Ard©lia decides, he (Pandolfo) timidly says thash© does not want him* The Prince has her called; asks her in marria?®*she refuses; he says he knows that she is in love with Aurelio whoshe cannot have, he being already married to Lucinda whom that sameevening he lis to conduct to the government house fete; Ardeli" swears that if that be true she will be his excellency's wife, She goesout, in thisJ£&gt; SCENE 4.j&amp; Aurelio, Stoppino and the aforesaThe Prince orders all to withdraw and tells Aurelio that in theevening at the second hour of the night he is to conduct Lucinda to theCourt. He gives him his seal as a token and goes off; Aurelio Is jubilantbelieving that the Prince must have changed his love. Knocks at Lucinda'shouse. It is supposed to be night.&amp; SCENEAurelio, Stoppino, Lucinda and R&amp; Lucinda having understood the order of his Excellency, fears thathe may make her marry the Captain. Stoppino assures her that he willmake the Captain stop at home and that in case of emergency they willgive him Rosetta in exchange. The women are satisfied. Stoppino makesLucinda give him a sign so that she may recognise him, in thisSCENE 6. j&amp;£? Ulivetta, Ardelia and the aforesaidand afterwards Cola.£? Ulivetta has spied, and calls her mistress who comes and hears thatLucinda is to go with Aurelio. They act a Lazzo. Lucinda and Rosettago Into the house; Aurelio and Stoppino want to talk to Ardelia andUlivetta who pretend to come out of the house just then. Aurelio wantsto disclose all to them. In this Cola suddenly asks Aurelio on behalf ofthe Prince if he has carried out his mission. He says yes. Cola in pas- sing says to the women " you are ruined " and goes off. In this&amp; SCENE £&gt;IPandolfo and aforesaid.Pandolfo is heard from within ; issues from the Court. Aurelio andStoppino go off. Pandolfo makes lazzi with his daughter because she isin the street at that hour. She, lazzi, and goes in with Ulivetta; Pandolfogoes into the Court. &amp; &amp; £&gt; &amp;SCENE 8.&amp; The Captain receives Lucinda's countersign from Stoppino with ordersto await her at home for she will go that night to visit him conducted by Stoppino. Referring to Its being night they go off. &amp;JS&gt; SCENE &amp; -: jArdeJ/a, Aurelio, Luc in da and Pr&amp; Ardelia, disguised as she likes, awaits impatiently the mandate ofAurelio; in this he comes in conformity with the Prince's order. It beingdark he makes a sign; in this Lucinda is taken by Aurelio and conductedto the Palace.. Ardelia sees this from the side and goes mad with jea- lousy. In this comes the Prince and embraces her. In this comes Aurelio,observes that the Prince and Ardelia are going with their arms roundeach other into the Court; goes mad with jealousy and goes out. £/ SCENE 10.Stoppino, Rosetta, Ulivetta and Cola.&amp; Stoppino comes to conduct Rosetta to the Court. Makes a sign. Shecomes and they set off. Ulivetta sees this and goes mad for love. In thisCola embraces her; in this Stoppino returns, sees them going away withtheir arms round each other; goes mad for jealousy.END OF ACT 11.&amp; ACT 111 SCENE 1. &amp;&amp; Giangurgolo and Cola.They make peace and Giangurgolo cedes to the Captain all claimto Lucinda. In this Cola gives news of all the events of the night. Callsfor help. The Captain goes with him ; in this &amp;SCENE 2.Übaldo, Giangurgolo,Cola, Ulivetta, Aurelio, Stoppino, Lucindaand Rosetta.Übaldo is followed by Ardelia who makes a mad scene with Giangur- golo and she goes off. In this Cola, who cannot find Ulivetta. In thisAurelio makes a scene and goes off. Übaldo and Cola remain. In thiscomes Stoppino; his absurdities, blunders and exit; they followhim. In this Lucinda enters from the Court, complaining about thePrince and the deception practised on her by Aurielio. Rosetta andÜbaldo learn from Giangurgolo the madness of his daughter. In this &amp;SCENE 3,&amp; Übaldo confirms to Pandolfo the madness of his daughter. Pandolfo goes off to find her. Qiangurgolo follows him. Lucinda expatiates to Übal- do on the wrongs done her by the Prince. He then shows the lettershe has received from Flanders from the person who left her in hiscare which show that she is the Princess of Netturno. They go into thecourt to tell the Prince. -c? SCENE 4. &amp;Ardelia, Aurelio, Ulivetta, Stoppino and Magician. They come in acting madly, playing, dancing, singing and sayinggeogeo. Then they sit down and fall asleep. In this enters the Magician,touches them with his wand ; all get up, make their acknowledgements,and in this &amp;■&amp;¥&amp;¥&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; ¥Last Scene. All on the stage.With every ceremony it is revealed that Lucinda must be the legi- timate wife of the Prince, Ardelia of Aurelio, and they repeat the wordsof the Oracle:Uomo non fu gi&amp; rnai che Io confortisin che la morte viva non ritorni:Auditaci (sic) suoi rlcchi soggiornl.E chi morte non ebbe abbia consorte (I).£&gt; PROPERTIES REQUIRED &amp;&amp; Letters, Magician's robe, guitar. AN IMPROVISATION by Count Carlo Gozzi. (*) [ had to P|ay the Paft of Luce, married to Pantalone, a vicious old manbroken in health and fortune. I was reduced to extreme poverty, with adaughter in the cradle, the fruit of my unhappy marriage. There was a night-scene, in which I had to soliloquise, while rockingmy child and singing it to sleep with some old ditty. This lullaby I in- terrupted from time to time with the narrative of my misfortunes andwith sallies which made the audience die of laughter. Bursts of applausebrought the house down as I told my story, enlarged upon my reasons for marrying an old man, related the incidents of my life, alluded inmodest monosyllables to what I had to bear, described what a fine figureof a woman 1 had been, and what a scarecrow matrimony had made meI complained of cold, hunger, evil treatment. I did not make milk enoughto suckle my baby; and what I made was sour, nay, venomous from fitsof rage and all the suffering I had to go through. This bad milk gave mydarling, the fruit of my womb, the stomach-ache. It kept bleating af|night like a lamb, and would not let me close an eye. The night was faradvanced. 1 was waiting for my old fool of a husband. What could bekeeping him abroad ? He must surely be in the Calle del Pozzetto, noto- torious at Zara for its evil fame. 1 had a presentiment of coming troubles,moralised upon the woes of life, and burst into a flood of tears whichmade everybody laugh. &amp;The truth was that one of our officers, Signor Antonio Zeuo, whoplayed the part of Pantalone excellently, had not turned up at the propertime to enter into dialogue with me. Until he arrived, I was forced tocontinue my soliloquy, which had already occupied the attention of theaudience full fifteen minutes. &amp;&amp; A good extempore actor ought never to lose presence of mind, or tobe at a loss for material. In order to prolong the scene, I pretended thatmy baby was crying, and that it would not go to sleep for all my lullabiesand cradle-rocking. In a fit of impatience 1 took it up, unlaced my dress,and laid it with endearing caresses to my breasts to quiet it. This freshabsurdity, together with my lamentations over the non-existent teats 1said the greedy little thing was biting, kept my audience in good humour.From time to time 1 turned my eyes to the sides, being really disturbedat Signor Zeno-Pantalone's non-appearance, and racking my brains invain for some new matter to sustain the soliloquy. 0&amp; Just then I happened to catch sight of Tonina seated in one of thefront boxes of the theatre, resplendent with beauty, and attired in a galadress which cast a glaring light upon her'dubious career. She was laughingwith mors assurance and sense of fun than anybody at my jokes. Thecatastrophe which she had nearly caused flashed suddenly across mymind. I felt that I had discovered a treasure; and plunged like lightningInto a new subject. jg? what I proceeded to do was bold, I admit, yet quite within the limits ofgood taste upon our amateur stage, where personal allusions were allowedperhaps a little too liberally. &amp; I called my doll-baby by the name of Tonlna, and addressed my speechto it, 1 caressd It. admired its features, flattered my maternal heart withthe hope that Tonlna would grow up a lovely girl. So far as 1 was con- cerned, 1 vowed to give her a good education, by example, precepts,chastisement, and watchful care. Then, taking a tone of gravity, I warnedher that if, in spite of all my trouble, she fell into such and suchfaults, such and such acts of imprudence, such and such immoral waysand caused such and such disturbances, she would be the worst Toninain the world, and I prayed God to cut her days short rather in the cradle.All the evil things I mentioned were faithfully copied from anecdotesabout Tonlna In the front box, with which my audience were only toowell acquainted. jgz Never in my whole life have 1 known an improvised soliloquy to be sotumultuously applauded as this of mine was. The spectators as: one pointof the speech turned their faces with a simultaneous movement towardsTonina, in her gala dress, clapping their hands and laughing till the theatrerang again. His excellency, who had some inkling of the siren's ways,honoured my unexpected satire with explosions of unconcealed merriment.Tonina backed out of her .box in a fit of fury, and escaped from thetheatre, cursing my soliloquy and the man who made it. Pantalone finallyarrived, and the comedy ended without any episode more mirthful thanthe scene between me and my baby. (i , " Never was there a man able to console him until the dead should return alive. Let his rich mansionshear us, and (she) whom death did not have may have a husband.(2) From the translation of Qozzi's Memoirs by J. A. Symonds. THE POSITION OFTHE THEATRE.A SYMPOSIUM. J. S. 'p/re Referee is only an important paper so long as It considers theArt of the Theatre as of Importance. But lately for some unexplainedreason (in fact since the death of Sir Henry Irving), the Referee hastaken to laughing in its sleeve at the Theatre and its Art and itsThere are no doubt many London managers, actor-managers, actorsand dramatists who regret this change, yet who are powerless to resistit whilst a certain few high-placed actor-managers encourage it. £&gt; When a serious man is at the head of the Theatrical Profession theJournals which live upon bits of news from the weekly stage are obligedto tolerate his rule and to give up all idea of the much enlarged circu- lation which they could command by sinking into cheap jokes about thatupon which they live. In short, under the leadership of a serious manthe comic parasite, which laughingly devours and destroys that upon whichits very existence depends, is kept in check. But when a jester rules theroost the journal becomes inflated and the roost becomes defiled.Just lately The Referee, which is a journal circulated largely amongstthe members of the English Theatrical Profession, has stated several thingsabout the Theatre which are so appalling in their levity that they guageto a nicety the lowest water level to which the Theatrical Journalisticriver has sunk since Irving was at the head of the Theatrical Pro- fession. &amp; &amp;&amp; The following are some of the choice statements or reflections publishedin that journal during the last few weeks: i. &amp; People do go to the Theatre to digest their dinner. Why shouldthe} not J £? jgf /7 а. &amp; The standard of Public Taste In certain matters pertaining tothe Theatre has been raised by Sir Herbert Tree on the one handand by Mr George Edwardes on the other.3; Going to the Theatre is a diversion, not a sacred office. 4. The Theatre does not aspire to a position among the fine arts,and never has aspired and never can aspire to such a position. 5. Sir Herbert Tree's 44 Malvolio " and his 44 Falstaff" I regard asmasterpieces which I would rather see any day that such a thing asthat statue of Victor Hugo by Rodin....б. I do not rank acting among the fine arts. ■&amp;7. Acting is not only an art; it is the first of all arts of the Theatre.8. Madame Duse's remark as to how to save the Theatre is a verysilly sort of remark. &amp;9. Certain hysterical remarks about the theatrical profession byEleonora Duse ; an insulting reflection upon her calling. ■£?10. The Mask mistakes the functions of the Theatre.*11. 44 The awakening European Theatre " whatever that may be.012. What Eleonora Duse means and what Mr Craig means passesmy comprehension...... is more than I can imagine. &amp; ■£?£? All this and more is supposed to represent the modern EnglishTheatre's point of view. We do not believe it represents It a scrap. Webelieve on the contrary that it misrepresents it entirely.We believe it to be a senseless pose on the part of The .The Referee admits, (as seen above), that it has not sufficient imagina- tion or comprehension to understand what the great Italian actress hasto say, nor what Mr Craig says ; so the poor thing backs out of the wholequestion of understanding. &amp; &amp;£? We always suspected this. But that the Referee should find it neces- sary to pillory itself by repeating over and over again 44 we do not un =derstand " 44 we cannot imagine ", is as extraordinary a piece of self- punishment as we have 'ever had the fun of witnessing. &amp;The Mask was founded shortly after the death of Sir Henry Irvingand is determined to keep up the standard of the Theatre to the bestof its ability and to attack any and all who are against this ideal.The Referee is against it. In the course of the last year or so it has sneered incessantly at the ideal and has said that Mask does wrongin expecting the Theatre to follow those who believe in &amp;&amp; While doing this The Referee has patted on the back the leadingdramatists, actors and actresses in the presumptuous belief that thesemen and women are not great idealists. £* £/&amp; So we have written to such representative leaders as Sir ArthurPinero, Miss Ellen Terry, and Mr Martin Harvey, and asked them whetherThe Mask does right or wrong in asking everything of the Theatre.&amp; Tiie Questions put were the following :1. Do you believe that the standard in theatrical work has risensince the days of Henry Irving ? &amp; &amp;2. Can you name any manager who has added more distinction tothe stage since those days ? j3. Have Sir Herbert Tree and Mr George Edwardes raised the Theatrein any way f4. *£? If so, could you say exactly in what way ? G? js? &amp;5. Do you think the Theatre never has aspired to a position amongthe fine arts and never can aspire to such a position ? &amp;6. Do you consider The Mask does wrong in asking everything ofthe Theatre as a Public Institution and as a Fine Art ? &amp;&amp; Most of those who have answered these questions wonder why thenames of Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree and Mr George Edwardes are linkedtogether.We would like once and for all to remind our readers and the generalpublic that it was the Stage's pet journal which blundered in this parti- cular manner. The Referee classed the two together who are we thatwe should put them asunder again ? £/&amp; Still, the particular questions dealing with these gentlemen are notof vital importance to us. &amp; &amp;What naturally was, and always will be, of far greater importance tous is that The Referee seemed to imply that we were wrong in upholdingthe theatre and in claiming that the Theatre aspired to the position ofa Fine Art.Those who have answered our questions are all agreed that we wereright, and we are encouraged to think that Sir Arthur Pinero, Miss Ellen . Terry and Mr Martin Harvey, all three in the highest and most respon- sible positions in the English Theatre, hold this opinion.We print their replies below. They speak for themselves. We are gladthat in their eyes we are doing the right thing.We shall continue to hold up the ideals of the theatre and weappeal to every true lover of the Theatre to assist us to make our mutual cause better known. JZ? THE QUESTIONS. /. Do you believe that the standard in theatrical work has risensince the days of Henry Irving ?2. Can you name any manager who has added more distinction tothe stage since those days ?3. Have Sir Herbert Tree and Mr George Edwardes raised theTheatre in any way.4. If so, could you say exactly in what way?5. Do you think the Theatre never has aspired to a position amongthe fine arts and never can aspire to such a position ?6. Do you consider The Mask does wrong in asking everything ofthe Theatre as a Public Institution and a fine Art? THE ANSWERS. ELLEN T E R R V. «&lt;s&gt; I. No. JS/ Yes. In my opinion Mr George Edwardes has in England raisedthe lighter form of entertainment and brought more distinctionand beauty to it..., more grace and gentleness. &amp; &amp;1 am sure Herbert Beerbohm Tree has always presented his bestendeavours. He was a devoted disciple of Henry Irving, and has fol- lowed In his footsteps " according to his lights but I considerHenry Irving had come to the perfection of his own methods, andhad he remained on this earth it is possible he might have evolvedor adopted a new method of expression. But certainly his expressionhas not been extended. -5. The Theatre has a peculiar advantage towards elevating or degradingthe tone of a nation. 1 think the Theatre always has aspired to aposition among the fine arts. (There are at least a dozen authoritieswhich 1 can quote to prove this): it always aspire, and alwaysshould aspire to that position. &amp;6. &amp; I consider The Mask does right, and the Referee was gravelywrong in making assertions which in the long run tend to lower theTheatre in the minds of the young men and women who have enteredmy profession full of hope and belief in the Art which they arebeginning to study.... &amp; &amp; The Po,nt of view which the Referee advocates will soon createIn the beginner a tendency to mock at and belittle their own ideals.The Mask was born to encourage the younger generation ofthe Theatre,.... young girls and boys of twenty to twenty-five, andto keep them young at forty to forty-five and.... after; and so longas the people in any art remain young they will hold the beliefthat every art aspires to be a high and fine art. &amp; &amp; &amp;At the Mansion House I quoted Matthew Arnold and said: " TheTheatre is irresistible, organize the Theatre ". I was then speakingof an institution. I now speak of its Art and I say, " The Art of theTheatre is a fine art; keep it fine ". Have courage to venture intothe unknown, and Remember: " A shipwrecked sailor burled on this coastBids you set sail ;Full many a gallant ship when we were lostWeathered the gale. " &amp; ARTHUR PIN E R O &amp; 0&amp; Sir Henry Irving's successors, profiting by his example, have, inmy opinion, worthily upheld the high standard of theatrical art Inthis country. His extraordinary personality cannot be replaced; that is not their fault. Mr Edwardes's light productions are beautiful andin good taste. They far excel anything of the kind that has precededthem within memory. He does not, I understand, assay to 44 raisethe Theatre " in a solemn sense. &amp; jgr &amp;The Art of the Theatre is a Fine Art and is, at its best, regar- ded as such by unprejudiced people. The Mask does well In urgingthe more open recognition of the Theatre as a useful and enobiinginstitution. MARTIN HARVEYI. 2. No. &lt;£? j2? J&amp;3. This is not a fair question..&amp;5. The achievement of the Theatre.... the serious Theatre is andalways has been a " fine art": it is not a question ofaspiration.1 know of no definition of art which is not the definition also oftheatrical art. Hear Ruskin : 44 Every art which is properly called"fine demands the exercise of the full faculties .of heart and intellect";again, '* The highest thing that art can do is to set before you the" true image of the presence of a noble human being. " Or, if youwant your detractors to catch a fall, read them this from the sameauthority: "It is impossible to direct fine art to an immoral end," except by giving it characters unconnected with its fineness, or" by addressing it to persons who cannot perceive it to be44 fine" / jg? &amp;6. Certainly not it Is doing a great service, only do make yourprecepts clear 11 GORDON CRAIGi. In answer to your first question. Ido not think that the standardof theatrical work has risen in England since the days of HenryIrving.I do believe it has risen in Germany, Hungary and Russia. I have/seen the work of the modern theatres in England, in Russia and inGermany and have studied it carefully. The Hungarian work I onlyknow from report.^ The standard In Germany and Russia for the scenic representationIs much higher than it was ten years ago. Both their realistic andpoetic dramas have great care spent on them when in course ofpreparation when compared with the very same dramas as producedhere in England. This Is to be greatly regretted.jSf Putting aside the scenic side of the question I should say thatthe standard for acting pure and simple is much higher in Italythan elsewhere. I regret that I have never visited Spain. &amp; &amp;2. In answer to your second question I would say that there arefew managers who have added distinction to the stage since thedays of Irving. Stanislawsky in Moscow has done so; Professor MaxReinhardt tries to do so, a very earnest German, Mr HerbertTrench tried to do 50,... and I believe Sir Herbert Tree would like to.3.4. &amp; You ask if Mr George Edwardes and Sir Herbert Tree have raisedthe stage in any way and if I can say in exactly what way. I cannotdo so: but I feel that Sir Herbert Tree when a young man hadan idealist's view of the stage. I remember well being struck by aphotograph I saw of the celebrated actor-manager when he wasquite a youth and thinking that he had the face of a man who wouldalways be on the side of the angels. Irving had such a face to theend of his days.I believe Mr George Edwardes makes no pretentions to having raisedthe standard of the Theatre or its work, though I daresay he doesraise it for I understand he is thorough in all that he takes up. SirHerbert Tree, on the contrary, is, after a careful test, known to meas not thorough. I regret that I am obliged to make this statementbut I have good proof now that what I state is unfortunately correct.As a rule I fear that the managers of the London Theatre are lessthorough and more pretentious than is good for the stage. 5* You ask me if I think the Theatre has ever aspired to a positionamong the Pine Arts and ever can aspire to such a position. I amonly living so as to prove that. You tell me that the /Referee deniesthe Theatre that right. The Referee may go on denying until itbecomes a quarterly journal and The Mask is a daily journal, butI think that will make no difference. 1 think you will find, my dear Editor, that those who reply to thisfifth question will all say the Theatre does and can aspire to be afine Art. If they say so and are at all representative names, thenthe Referee may make less mistakes in the future on this importantpoint.6. To your last question, Do I consider The Mask does wrong inasking everything of the Theatre as Public Institution and as a FineArt, I can only answer that I believe The Mask was started withthat purpose in view and that it does right in sticking to its guns.The Public has grown rather tired in the last few hundred years ofexpecting the Theatre to be worthy of itself, but I am sure The Maskwill not grow tired and that it will live to see its hopes fulfilled....On that day 1 shall congratulate you. Till then there can be no talkof rejoicings. You must only fight on. If today the Theatre itselfdoes not understand or acknowledge what you are doing on Itsbehalf you must not be surprised. If you are sincere you can do nowrong and all right, and in time the English Theatre will be withyou to a man. WALTER CRANE1. &amp; Not distinctly or generally, despite increased attention to detailin costume and accessories. 2. Certainly not. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; 3. 4. £&gt; Not unless the increase of a kind of spectacular interest can besaid to have raised it5. &amp; The Theatre in ancient times, say, In Greece, must have heldsuch a position, and, considered as the most vivid expression in artof the life of its age, the Theatre should certainly aim at the highestart, and seek to exercise the ennobling Influence of the greatest beauty.6. &amp; 1 think The Mash is perfectly justified In asking for, and seek- ing, the best art In the Theatre as a public institution and as afine Art. JOHN BALANCEi. I do not believe the standard in theatrical work in England hasrisen since Irving's death. 2. No.3. Well, 1 asked a lady this question, for 1 failed to see how MrEdwardes the master of Musical Comedy production could be classedwith Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree the master of Short Cuts to Shake- speare. She began her reply in these words: "You see you can't levelthe same brick at George Edwardes that you throw at Sir HerbertBeerbohm Tree". At which the whole company was so much amused,(so seriously was it said), that the rest of the reply was lost. Anyhow,1 think it can stand by itself as a fair answer.SM6.&amp; I think that if you answer these last two questions with a Nothe first four questions are also answered. The Mask has more thanright to demand everything of the Theatre it Is Its duty. Andthe Theatre always must aspire to the position of a fine art always. Those who deny this, whether actors, actresses or theat- rical journals like the Referee, are utterly worthless and havereason to be heartily ashamed of themselves. CHRISTOPHER St JOHNNo.4• Answers to 1, 2 &amp; 3 answer this also. 05. No. The position to which the Theatre once aspired may be judgedfrom the fact that some of its beauty is still preserved In the formsand ceremonies of Holy Mass, (Notably the Chorus). &amp;6. The Mask does right as usual.^ GEORGE CALDERONThe Art of the Theatre serves two purposes, (i) The expressioni— §of the highest thought to which its form is adaptable, (a) The en- tertainment of the sort of people who read The Referee by thesort of performance that Sir Herbert Tree and Mr George Edwardeshave brought to such perfection. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; 0The second purpose is the only one worth pursuing, but the firstis the only one worth writing about. ALLEN C A R R I C.1. In England, no. In Russia, Hungary and Germany, Yes. &amp;2. &amp; Stanislawsky, Hevesi, Relnhardt. A Russian, a Hungarian, and a German; and there are others on the Continent. These names leadback to the name of the man by whose work they have all beeninfluenced and inspired and to whom the additional distinction ofthe work upon the European stage may be directly traced,.... theEnglishman, Gordon Craig. &amp; &amp; &amp;3&amp; 4 Sir Herbert Tree has not done so. Mr George Edwardes hasalways done his best and his best is quite admirable. 1 do not think»he aspires to produce a serious or poetic Drama, but if he wereto make the attempt his thoroughness would Incline him to selectgood workmen and to direct them with care.5. &amp; The Theatre has always aspired to a position among the FineArts and always will aspire to such a position. Perhaps some day Itmay achieve it. j£? &amp;6. Certainly I do not. The Mask was founded with that purpose inview. It Is doing right. If Sir Herbert Tree were in a less responsibleposition and were looked upon by others, and himself professed, tobe merely a commercial manager who only cared for the Theatreas a money-making business, then no one could find fault with himexcept from that point of view; but he professes to have at heartthe Theatre's best interests as an Art, and, while protesting that hedislikes vulgarity in scenic display, he indulges In it in everyproduction. jg? jg? £?&amp;£&gt;&amp; UNFORTUNATELY « Acting is not an art. It is therefore incorrect to speak of the actor" as an artist. For accident is an enemy of the artist. Art is the exact'* antithesis of Pandemonium, and Pandemonium is created by the tum- " bling together of many accidents; Art arrives only by design. Therefore" in order to make any work of art it is clear we may only work in" those materials with which we can calculate. Man is not one of these" materials. " (i) J&amp; JE/(i) A work of Art can NOT be made by a quantity of people each of adifferent opinion as to each different part of that work.(a) A Work of Art can NOT be made from any material which has vitalityor is subject to individual movement; not, that is, from water or air orvegetation or animals or man can a work of art be fashioned, but onlyfrom rock, from wood, and such like inanimate material. &amp;(3) A Work of Art can NOT " happen " by accident but only by deli- beration.(4) it is | because these facts are insufficiently realised in the Theatrethat a Work of Art is never created by the Theatre. FOR TUNA TEL Y. (1) There is a remedy for all this. &amp; &amp;(a) The impersonal Is stronger than the personal, even as the love foran ideal is always stronger and finer than the love for a person...oneself.(3) There will always be a few men In the Theatre who try ever " notto belittle art for the satisfaction of an isolated personality ". (a) £&gt;(4) They will ultimately find no difficulty in selecting a new materialfor the art. &amp; &amp;(5) The Muses always assist such men and therefore they will create anew Art. It will be the first time that the Theatre shall have given birthto a fine Art. Allen Carrie' (1) The Actor and the Uebermarionette. The Mask. April 1908.(2) Flaubert. FARE FOLK ART, Or the So-Called " Revival"of Folk Art, by Felix Urban. THhe PoJk need something more than the interest of Sociologists to inspirethem to sing, dance and act again, and no fire will be kindled in theFolk merely because they are blown upon by the bellows of the idle rich.The thing is a hobby. Even as we but lately began to collect oldfurniture so we are now collecting old songs and dances, and, afterdrumming them into some few peasants, we say complacently in booksthat the Folk have burst out again into song and dance; that " the re- vival of Folk-Art in song and dance, in game and drama is, in Englandtoday, an accomplished fact" (i). J&amp;&amp; Artists, too, are said to be " going back to the creations of the simpleand unlettered folk that they may build on the foundations of naturaltaste and emotionßut that artists should love the purest accidentsof the natural expression of peasants is nothing new. Artists and theFolk are of the same family; they are all the children of Nature andobey her and no one else. But Nature abhors " fake ", and that is allthat this present so-called " revival " of Folk-art amounts to. &amp; When a nation sings it goes on singing until the reason for its songis gone. The reason in England has gone. There can be two reasons, joyor sorrow. But in England respectability shuts out both, and that iswhy there is 110 spontaneous song in England. &amp;&amp;&amp;?£/In Poland, the land of lands for Folk-music, (I know of a collectionof many thousand songs), they are joyous or sorrowful, but the Statedoes not allow them to become commonplace. In England, on the contrary,that is just what the State does do and just what they become. Theyoung in England, even as the young in Poland, are joyous, since, asWalt Whitman wrote, " lads and lasses, that universal race " are" mainly the same, all ages, all lands but sooner or later they learnthe lie that joy is not respectable. This does not make them miserable.If that were so they might " out of their sorrow make little songs ". No,they prefer to become banal, and banality never created ** Folk-Art "however much of it it may have stifled.Ireland is more fortunate. There it is somewhat the same story as in Poland one wonders if Home Rule will improve their voices ordeaden both joy and sorrow. JZ? JZ? &amp; jzr &amp;This so-called Revival of Folk Art is, as I have said, not genuine. Itis an eruption of sentimentality. Those who are concerned in it, (exceptfor the one or two scholars whose interest is decidedly an erudite one,)are mostly ignorant of what the significance of Art really is, and onemay safely say that hardly any guess the cause which lies at the rootsof the art expression of the Folk. It would shock some of these goodpeople if they guessed aright. jzronly great Folk-drama created by the Folk was that known asthe Commedia dell'Arte. (i) The Religious Drama, however much lovedby the people, was created by the Aristocracy, for Religious drama dealsin mysteries, and mysteries are always created by the aristocratic brain.j0 All Folk Art is clear, highly coloured, coarse, healthy. All AristocraticArt is the reverse and must be so. JZ?We have need of both, and perhaps the fake of both is also necessaryeven as London smoke and mud are necessary ; but if will make noimpression on a sane nation even if it subdue a Garden City or two.JZ? I have spoken of the difference between Folk Art and AristocraticArt, but this fact must be remembered. Folk and Aristocratic AH, what-Vever their differences, are in one respect alike. The artist creates both.Given the Folk or the Aristocracy without artists and no art is possible.Artistry " will out ", only the character and form of its expression variesaccording to the surroundings among which it springs. If your artist istending sheep with Giotto he creates Folk Art: if he is attending soirleslike Benvenuto he creates Aristocratic Art. Had Shakespeare stayed inStratford he would perhaps have written different plays. Had Burns cometo live in London he woald perhaps have written different poems, (a)But in each case we find the spirit of the 44 Folk " and the 44 Aristocrats "ail merged, incorporated in one or two men,., and these always the artists. So will it ever be. And if England can stamp out this blighting " re- spectability " and Its accompanying /ear, voices will sing and be heard.But timidity will never find expression in song; only courage does that,and heroic beauty, singing whether it be joyous or sorrowful. Meantime,what Impulse has a man in England to sing of simple things? He canfind refuge from the banality, the timidity which rule and cramp theland only in mystic things, and Folk Art is not born of these. t(i) "The Shakespeare Revival "reviewed on a later page. (1) See " The Mask January and April, 1911.if", says Wait Whitman, writing of " the lyrics of illicit lores and carousing intoxication" of the " odd*" kind chiel", "he had lived steady, fat, moral, comfortable, well-to-do years, and died well; ripen'd aid" respectable, where could have come in that burst of passionate sobbing and remorse which weil'd forth" instantly and generally in Scotland and soon followed everywhere among English-speaking races, on theannouncement of bis death?" VENETIAN COSTUME Translated from theBook of Cesare Vecellio. 1589. by D. Nevile Lees. ANCIENT COSTUME OF A YOUNG NOBLE DECKED OUT FOR COURTING.*■I have taken the costume In the accompanying picture from a figurecarved on the capital of one of those columns which support the Palaceof San Marco in Venice, (the which is near the women's prison,) besideshaving seen it painted and sculptured in other pictures and statuesof Venice. JZ? jg/ &amp; jgrThe young men used formerly to make themselves little curls in themiddle of the forehead and to wear the rest of their hair waved ontheir &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;They also wore a robe of silk or gold brocade with various embel- lishments reaching to the knee, all buttoned with gold buttons as far asthe waist, the which they girded with a silken girdle, from the left sideof which hung a sword. &amp; jg&gt; &amp; &amp; &amp;The said dress was all adorned with lace about the edges, and had afairly long hood of the same stuff which hung behind to below the beltand which enabled them In wet weather to dispense with any othercovering for the head. jg/ £? £/ &amp;The sleeves of the over-dress covered their arms to the elbow, butthen opened and hung down from the aforesaid half-length sleeves.They wore stockings of red cloth and low pointed shoes. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp; ANCIENT COSTUME OF A MAIDEN IN LOVE. &amp;Th« accompanying costume of a young Noblewoman in love has beendrawn from the same place and is very beautiful. They used to makea few modest curls on the forehead and let the hair flow over their shoulders fairly long. They wore gold ear-rings of fine work, and astring of pearls round the neck. They had a close fitting dress withoutbodice, and not very wide, but much adorned about the breast, thesleeves and in front near the opening with plates of gold or silver sowell set on that they resembled bird's feathers in their arrangement whichwas very beautiful and magnificent. £&gt;VENETIAN COSTUME AND BEGINNING OP THE SLEEVES 44 A COMEO".V have devoted much study as to when and where this costume couldhave had its origin, the" which is very handsomealthough It was of wool, and I also wished to know when they gaveup wearing the mantellino (little cloak), as It was called. Nor can Ipersuade myself that such a change of costume was due to any otherreason than the inconvenience of the loose robes in many folds.Nevertheless it seems to me that persons of position have worn thelong robe in the style of a toga, although different from these modernones. Hence I, like many others, having thought over such a change,find that many discourses have been made on the subject so asto investigate the origin of that style of dress.&lt;0 Some say that it comes from the Romans, clearly seeing figures withit in the Arch of Septimus. Others would have it that it comes fromCyprus, brought from that Island by the French, which 1 am led tobelieve by the many fleurs=de=!ys which, with other patterns, are seenembroidered on the sleeves. Also, to give greater likelihood to this opinionthere have been seen at Venice many pictures of that Realm, whichin their designs give much indication of the same.i 0 But because this matters but little to me it shall suffice me to havesaid thus much about it and to represent for you this Costume, whichyou will perhaps adjudge to be, in fact, a beginning of the dresses called44 k Maniche a Cometo " which were in those days fairly short, and wereperhaps for that reason the more easily accepted, on account of thefreedom of movement afforded by the youths and those who delighted inthe games and dances which in those days were in use. j0£* They next began to wear certain round caps, but much higher thanthose formerly worn or than those that are at present worn by the Nobility. j&amp; &amp; j&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; j&amp;j£&gt; They girded themselves near the side with a belt three fingers widein the style in vogue today. And from this mode of dressing has beenintroduced little by little the long toga reaching to the ground, thewhich, as we see in our own times, lends so much dignity that it hasbeen welcomed by all the Nobles and Citizens.&amp; And this same costume is also worn by the Doctors who dwell inVenice, and by almost all those who exercise some virtuous and honouredprofession.I will not omit to say, however; before 1 end, that in those days thethose and the dresses were of different colours and the shoes purple :all of which can be seen in the Church of San Qiovanni and San Paoloof Venice in the altar piece which is at the right hand of the entranceto the Choir.OF THE COMPANY OF THE 44 CALZA &amp;TP his celebrated and honourable Company had its origin many years ago,and such were the performances and feasts instituted by it that noother Company in our times has attained to such a point of magnificenceand splendour. Which is attested by many who are still alive today. &amp;Those who were inscribed (as it is still the custom to do), in thenumber of these Companions, were all noble; but this Company was somuch more distinguished and illustrious than the other companies whichhad been founded at that time and than those which have up to thepresent been instituted that many Prlnces's sons prided themselves uponbeing elected among the number of those Companions. &amp; &amp;And it had its origin under the Prince Zeno, which was in 1400, be- cause then many noble youths of the leaders of the city, having collecteda great deal of money and made among themselves a most choice selection,called it the 4* Compagnia della Calza, " and for the whole time that itflourished they each wore a stocking quartered with different colours.And by this common sign were all the Companions recognised ; but eachone then made known his own idea and personality by some beautifuland ingeniuos device chosen by each according to his temperament.There was also seen among them a noble and honourable competitionand emulation in appearing decked out and gorgeous, each one displaying much splendour and magnificence in his own person at his own expense,although they united together in the festivals and public performanceswith money subscribed and put together by them for that purpose. Thewhich money was not all converted to the use of worldly spectacles,because they wished also In religious matters to show forth the libera- lity and greatness of their souls. &amp; **Thus they had selected a church where, at certain times, they ga- thered, and there, adorned with pomp and royal magnificence, werepresent at a solemn mass of the Holy Spirit which they caused to besung by priests at their expense. 0 &amp; &amp; *&amp; The fame of which Company aroused the greatness of soul in theyouths of many cities of Italy where the same thing was afterwards done.The costume, which is here shown, bore, on the inner side ot thelong hood, and just at the back, their device, with embroideries in goldand in silk. And all those inscribed among the number of the Companionswore a little cap, slashed in red or black, hanging over the left ear; andtheir hair, which they wore long, and as bushy as possible, tied with alittle silken cord.&amp; They wore doublets of velvet or some other stuff of silk or gold.The sleeves were laced with strings which were very often of silk orgold with tags of massive gold, and they were slit in the middle, andthrough that opening the shirt could be seen. And for splendour they putthese also on their hose, where they were not needed, thus showing offnot only their wealth but also their figure which, owing to thetight and well-girded hose, displayed almost all their muscles asthough they were nude. The stockings were, as already said, stripedlengthways with varied colours and one of them was embroidered withpearls and other jewels to the knee. jg? The one whose portrait 1 saw had In the back of the hood a Siren,which I believe was the emblem of him whom the picture represented.&amp; Prom the same portrait one sees the custom they had of carrying intheir hand a scented ball; and this portrait I found in the school or companyof S. Giovanni Evangelista, where it is painted in ancient style but by askilful hand. And from that same place 1 have taken the pictures of manyother figures which will be reproduced by me in this same book. j&amp; ANCIENT COSTUME OF YOUTHS.I recall having come across certain hats almost a braccio high, turnedup behind, and, in fact, not a little bizarre in shape; and also certaincaps made of several folds, but very wide and £/ These were of so many kinds that, should one wish to write of themin full, it would be necessary to make a special book. £?&amp; Nevertheless it has pleased me to throw some light upon them briefly ;first, to show that I had some knowledge of them, and then tosatisfy any curious person who should desire to know something ofthem; having put in the design that which 1 judged to be the mostapposite.These caps, then, were of several colours as one may yet see in Padua,in Venice, in Ciuidal di Belluno and in many other places where I foundmany of them painted; and especially in the house of Signor PaganoPagani, a most excellent Doctor and my most especial Lord, the whichhouse is in truth ancient and noble. i have likewise seen the same in other ancient and great housesthrough the courtesy of their Masters who have afforded me theopportunity and aroused my interest yet more, and given informationabout many old costumes formerly used in their most ancient lands.And among those whom 1 judge worthy of praise are the two brothersSignor Antonio and Signor Tristano Ecchali or Carpedoni who are amongthe foremost of their country and men of singular virtue, exemplaryhabits and mature judgement, and, in short, gentlemen deserving of praiseand no less endowed with the riches of the spirit than with those of/fortune; all of which has led me, out of gratitude, to make this slightdisgression.Now, returning to our subject, I say that, the art of painting havingbeen lost for a long time, one sometimes cannot obtain that exact in=&gt;formation relative to this very wide subject for which one would seek.Hence I am obliged to make use of certain little notes, (not to sayhints), of certain remains which have survived of the Greek reli- quaries.-g? /£/This costume was, then, painted, among many costumes of womenand young men, on certain coffers in the form of chests, decorated on the outer side, in which they kept their clothes and the bride'sdresses which were given to them as dowry and as gifts. And that,which is here seen, was the costume of a bridegroom, with one of thosered caps.jp His dress was of damask, with elbow sleeves as is here seen. But inthe picture one discerns so little of the fashion that little light is thrownupon it, and thus we can ill conjecture the rest. The which would notbe so if for five hundred years painting, which so much pleased Alexanderthe Great, had been held in full esteem, as it seems in our own day tohave begun to be once more, reacquiring the honour in which it washeld among the ancient Greeks, who would not have anyone exercise itwho was not noble, or at least rich: wishing by this means to preventmen from painting for gain or to earn their living; so that he who sethimself to painting should have leisure, and facility to study, and tocreate works of such excellence as those of Appelles and of others.It seems none the less that now it is brought back to such goodconditions that one can desire little more. Because the modern Paintersare so desirous of imitating nature that they no longer deign to painta clothed body; hence, drawing it nude, they avoid as much as possiblerepresenting it with any kind of drapery around it. And even when theydo make it covered they strive to do so in such manner that beneaththe slight shades of the clothes, or rather veils, one sees the nude standout with all the muscles of the anatomy and with all the natural fore- shortenings, almost showing one the impossible.If therefore 1 have not described nor reproduced in drawing accordingto the order of the world's ages the diversity of the Costumes, which,it is to be supposed, has been great, excuse me,ANCIENT COSTUME OF GENTLEWOMEN 44 ALLA DOGALINA " OUT.OF DOORS.T*he ancient costume of Venetian gentlewomen adorned "alia dogaiina"for appearance in public out-of-doors was of an amazing magnificence.On their heads they wore a frame made of gold wire like a round gar- land, which surrounded the head as a diadem; the neck was bare withoutany ornament. Where the top of the bodice (which was girded above thehips with a girdle of massive gold.) began, it was adorned with gems.\ The greater number of them wore this bodice covered with gold and theremainder of the dress of purple or scarlet silk. They the sleevesof these gowns open and reaching to the knee, and usually they worethem turned back or gathered up on the shoulders, as they often didalso those of the chemisette, showing their bare arms, the beauty of whichwas enhanced by splendid gold bracelets which they were accustomed towear at their wrists, the which they rendered white and delicate. Hencein those days the women, who had naturally beautiful hands and beautifularms, preserved them most beautiful as do those today who have a beau=tlful face.They girded the said gowns with a silken girdle and In summer linedthem with watered silk and in winter with furs, either martin or ermineor grey squirril according to their taste.Beneath they wore several silken petticoats superbly embroidered, andthis continued until the year 1303 when it was established by law thatso much must not be expended upon dress as had been the custom formany years ; and this was decreed under the government of Piero Gra=nigo who was the forty eighth Doge of Venice. BOOK REVIEWS. THE APOSTLE. A DRAMA INTHREE ACTS by George Moore.Maunsell and Co. Dublin.Three shillings and sixpence net.jy\r George Moore just holds youwith his glittering eye.... anddoes not hold you long. That is hischarm.Here in this volume he tells youa story about Jesus Christ which isimmensely interesting,.... and whichyou forget easily.£/ It is not the way he tells it, norwhat he tells ; It is just the way hehas with him.It must have been a rare pleasureto meet Mr Moore and hear andsee him talking.This drama about Christ andPaul is no use at all, but Mr Moorehimself must be of enormous use.Surely he is a born actor, a tellerof tales I How different it would beto hear him tell this story, getting it over and done in twelve or fifteenminutes, from reading 1t.... Howmuch better. -S* It is well written... all well done;but it ought not to have been writ=ten at all except as a poem ; in itsprose it needs the face and thehands and the voice of the teller.Ireland needs a man who can teflstories like this. He should go roundthe island in a cart and give theboys and girls something to dreamabout; to spoil it in a book seemstoo bad. PROGRESS AND OTHERSKETCHES by R. B. CunninghamGraham. Duckworth. PriceTwo shillings and sixpence. &amp;¥)rogress " is one of the best storiesI have ever read, and Mr Cun=ningham Grahamfis one of my favou- rite authors.J£? The story is less like a real storythan any I know, and yet it is more like a true story than any I have read.£7 It is a tale about sacrifices. £7£/ Cain and Abel used sheep andfruit to sacrifice to the Lord ; theLord nowadays seems to demandgreater proofs of man and asks himto sacrifice himself. " Willingly "says the man ; and does it. &amp;It is a pity: it is as terribly sadas it is terribly gay; but it is quiteclear that if it goes on much longerwe shall have none but Gods on thisearth of ours. £ £7 £7£7 From man's point of view thisis very unpractical. He would dobetter to persecute his fellows lessif he really wants to exist; but ifas we suspect he wants to get awayfrom the vile world of his own in- vention, then he is going about it inthe best and quickest way possible." Progress " shows pretty clearlythat soon, very soon, there will benone but Gods on earth. Let us notbe sorry for those who are bringingthis about; they are but instru- ments ; they cannot help their action:let us congratulate them upon theirobedience to the Devil and beg themto remain true to him. £7 £7 WILLIAM BLAKE by G. K.Chesterton. Duckworth £7 Pricetwo shillings net. £7 &amp;HPhe idea of publishing a little bookon Blake for such a sum with thirty=three of Blake's masterly de- signs In it was an admirable one onthe part of Messrs Duckworth and Co.&amp; The more one sees these designsthe more one marvels at the completemastery of the artist; and it isso glorious a sensation as an English- man to be able to have one masterwhose work one can lay with glowingassurance before the eyes of themost cultured foreigner as represen- tative of England.^To have chosen Mr Chesterton towrite about Blake seems, alas, prettydisastrous, when MrSturge Moore, MrYeats and others have written sowell of him. For it seems doubt- ful whether the burly Mr Chestertonwould ever know anything aboutBlake even after reading him up.You see, he speaks of Blake asthough he were Chesterton,.... sucha mistake. He writes down to aPublic which floats above his ken.He asks, if Blake could do so manythings " why is it he could do noneof them quite right ? " £7£7 Of course that question can neverbe answered for it is as though youhad said " Answer this question,Hi=he=ho-hum-hass " and Echo an- swers " A... 5... 5..!" £7£7 But the illustrations are fullyworth the few pence asked for thebOOk. £7 £7 J* £7 THE GARRICK CLUB by PercyFitzgerald. Elliot Stock. 0 Priceone guinea net. 0 0 0iyir Percy Fitzgerald's book willinterest plenty of people whowant to know just a little about theactors of- England and it tells thislittle pleasantly. There is no attemptmade to treat the actors' calling tooseriously; it is as if it were a plea- sant half-an-hour's chat In the vl- sitors' room of the club. 0jZ? Some hundred pictures are in thebook and ali are agreable. 0 MEMOIRS OF A MANAGER byDaniel Frohman. 0 Heinemann.Five shillings net. 0 0jyl r Daniel Frohman has written abook which will do more to showup the methods and vulgarity oftheatrical business men than any ar=tides we could publish on the subjecteven were we to write and publishsuch an article every week for thenext five years. 0 0 00 In this book Mr Frohman hassuccessfully damned once and forall a calling which was already dis- reputable enough through the swin- dling of its devotees. 0 00 As an example of the elegance ofthe methods of the Impresario inregard to the artists whose businesshe manages we cannot do betterthan quote Mr Frohman's own words about Miss Maud Adams; "1 loanedher to the late Charles H. Hoyt toplay in The Midnight Bell at theBijou Theatre " 1 Loaned her "the expression is superb ! And againIn reference to a play called "LibertyHall" he says that it was presentedin England "with Mr and Mrs Kendalwhen they were under my manage- ment, to whom I ceded my rightsto the play. It was then regardedas exceedingly strong meatjZ? Those who find these extracts totheir taste will find much more ofthe same kind in the volume, whichis actually issued in England bythat distinguished publisher MrWilliam Heinemann, jZ? £? THE STAGE YEAR BOOK. 0The " Stage " offices, LondoniPrice one shilling net. 0 0.A very reliable book of informationcovering most things theatrical.0 It is a pity this is true, but theevidence is in favour of what westate. " The Stage Year Book ", inshort, reveals at a glance the gla- ring vulgarity of the moderntheatre and its methods. 00 It is, in fact an admirable workcompiled with considerable troubleand expense to prove the utterfailure of the theatre to achievedistinction. &amp; 0 THE SHAKESPEARE REVIVALby R. R. Buckley and MaryNeal. &amp; George Allen. Pricethree shillings and sixpence.Tphis book, which opens with aForeword by Mr F. R. Benson anda record of the work of the Shake- speare Memorial Theatre at Stratford- on-Avon by Arthur Hutchinson, isthen divided into two parts, " The" Nature of Drama " by ReginaldBuckley and Folk-Art by Mary Neal...On the subject of the so-calledUrban "Revival of Folk-Art" Mr Felixhas written more fully on anotherpage, (1) so that here we need onlysay that the book is weli printed byMessrs George Allen and illustratedwith many photographs of well- known actors and actresess inShakespearean parts. THE ART OF MIMICRY by J.Arthur Bleackley. Samuel Frenchyyjr Bleackley, having perceivedthat " Drama is action " insteadof fuddling his brains with the de- lusion that it is the spoken word,has already taken a step in advanceof the majority of the wise andlearned gentlemen who amuse them- selves with writing books about thetheatre.x? In this unpretentious little hand- book he has some interesting thingsto say about the art of Mimicry,rightly emphasising the fact thatthe mimic must be interpretativeand not merely imitative.But he should go a step furthernow and pass from Mimicry to thecreative art of Improvisation.He, and all interested in thissubject, should study the history ofthe Commedia dell'Arte (2) thatsuperb school of Improvisation...;.,and the giant figures who created itand they will perceive an immensepossibility opening out before thosewho are ready to bring to the worksympathetic understanding, ceaselessand concentrated study,and a courageand determination which the initialdifficulties will not be able to daunt. (1) Page 135.(2) See "The Mask", from January 1911 onwards. TRAINING OF THE MEM OR Y INART by Lecoq dTranslated by L. D. Louard.Macmillan, &amp; Six shillings net.jyi r Louard has rendered a usefulservice in translating this book,for Lecoq de Boisbaudron, who diedin 1897 at the age of nlnety=two, isan interesting figure whose nameand teaching are too little known.Numbering among his many pupilssuch artists as Rodin, Legros, Cazinand Fantin=Latour, and, through their association with his own student sinfluencing, however indirectly,such others as Whistler and Brac- quemond, it is interesting to notehow fully the results of his teachingexemplified his own principle that" Art is essentially individua I ",since the same method did but assisteach pupil to follow his own bent,whether it were Rodin the sculptor,Legros the painter, Gaillard theengraver, Roty the medallist or Solonthe designer of pots.The principle which Lecoq emp- hasized in his teaching was the im- portance of the cultivation of theMemory, meaning by Memory "storedobservation", and his method de- manded from his pupils the strictestaccuracy, thoroughness and moststern discipline. &amp;&amp; The present volume contains threeTreatises, " Memory of Form ",*' A Survey of Art Teaching " and"Letters to a Young Professor",and isdeserving of such careful attention onthe part of the student as is ever dueto the words of an expert; for Lecoqwas an expert in the work of teaching,a work which, as he conceived it," requires a professor of unusualtalent, willing to devote his bestenergies to the task". " If only people could understand"he writes himself, " the immense self-denial, devotion, knowledge, andbreadth of mind that is demandedby his office, they could not fail tohold the teacher In the honour hedeserves. ** Undoubtedly " we are told, "" Lecoq's own gift of teaching amoun- " ted to genius, and genius of a" very rare kind, the combination of" strong personality with a complete" power of self-effacement s " andhis best success, as that of all trueteachers, is in the success of thosewho studied under him and who sofar surpassed their teacher In thepractise of their art, for:"He that by me spreads a widerbreast than my own provesthe width of hiy own," He most honours my style wholearns under it to destroythe teacher% A HISTORY OF JAPANESECOLOUR PRINTS by W. vonSeidlitz. Heinemann. Pricetwenty five shillings net.Crom this book, reviewed in theJuly number of The Mask, wenow reproduce four designs, bykind permission of Mr Heinemann. SHUNSHO: ACTOR IN FEMALE COSTUMEExecuting a Dance with a Hobby Horse.From "A History of Japanese Colour Prints." A LADY IN THE SNOW MAGAZINE REVIEWS. The Forum, published monthly byMitchell Kennerley, New York, isalways interesting.The most notable among recentcontributions have been by Mr W.B. Yeats, whose fine play, 44 TheGreen Helmet" appeared in the Sep- tember number, while to the Augustnumber he contributed a long essayon 44 J. M. Synge and the Ireland ofhis time", which should be of especialinterest to Afhericans just now sincethey will so soon have the opportu- nity of seeing some of Synge's playsacted by Mr Yeats's own companyfrom the Dublin Abbey Thea- tre. jgf /£&gt;£? The last number includes also anarticle by Gaspard Etscher on the44 Renaissance of the Dance " asexemplified in the art of Miss IsadoraDuncan. «£&gt; Mr Etscher writes enthusiasticallyand intelligently, but he is surelyincorrect when he attributes to MissDuncan the abolition of footlights,stating that 44 It is to her love of44 nature that we owe the alteration44 she made in the stage-light- ing ". &amp; 44 She diminished very much, as44 much as possible" he goes on, "the44 importance of the footlights, which 44 are so irrational and produce so* often ugly shadows, throwing from44 the nose a black triangle on the'' forehead. " &amp;We believe, however, that we arecorrect In saying that this doingaway with the footlights was not dueto any initiative of Miss Duncan's,but was one of the first changesmade by Mr Gordon Craig when hebegan to stage plays in London tenyears ago, and that the Americandancer has been but one among themany who have imitated him In thisas in his other methods of stageproduction. hicago's new theatrical quarterly,The Drama, has reached Itsthird number, which contains adrama in four acts by ByornstjerneBjornson, together with papers uponsuch subjects as the French DramaticSeason, the Irish Drama, the Reper- tory Theatre and the Art of PlayReading. &amp; Hp*l6 Studio has issued a fine spe- cial number devoted entirely toPeasant Arts and Crafts in Austriaand Hungary and containing abouteight hundred illustrations.It should be secured by all wholove the natural and spontaneousArt Expression of the Folk. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. LONDON. Mr Gordon Craig's Return G. H. r|phe Banquet given in honour ofMr Gordon Craig on July 16th atthe Cafe Royal was in every way asuccess A room full of welFknownfaces, universal good spirits, a com=plete absense of the stiffness whichusually makes such affairs so dull,all combined to make a most enjoy=able evening. JZ? JZ? JZ?&amp; Upwards of two hundred guestswere present and the number wouldhave been yet greater had the sizeof the room permitted. As it was itwas a most representative gatheringincluding a large number of well=known persons. JZ7 JZ?To name but a few of thosepresent:.... JZ? JZ?&amp; The Stage was represented byMiss Ellen Terry, Mrs Patrick Camp=bell, Mr Martin Harvey, Mr HerbertTrench, Mr Frederick Whelen, MrW. B. Yeats, Miss Gertrude Kingston,Mr C. B. Fernald and Mr MichaelLykiardopoulos of the Moscow ArtTheatre. JZ&gt; Among the Critics were Mr RogerFry, Mr D. S. Mc Coll, Mr P. Q.Konody, Mr E. F. Spence, Mr AustinHarrison, Mr J. S. Garvin, Mr GilbertCannon. &lt;0The Church was represented byMrs Dearmer and the Rev M. F.Bell. &amp;£? Of the Painters there were MrWilliam and Mr Albert Rothenstein :Mr Augustus John, Mr James Pryde,MrWilliam Strang, Mr C. H. Shannon,Mr Walter Crane, Professor Sauter,Mr Hugh Riviere, Mr Young Hunterand Mr Chowne. &amp; &amp;The Musicians were representedby Mr Martin Shaw, Mr Dunhill andMr Vaughn Williams, while amongthe Writers present were the Hon.Maurice Baring, Mr H, G. Wells,Lady Gregory, Mr George Calderon,Miss Cicely Hamilton, Mr FrankHarris, Mr Laurence Binyon and MrHaldane Macfall.The Guests also included Sir A.Turner, Lady Gomme, Lady AlixEgerton, Lady lan Hamilton andLady Downs, while letters or tele- grams of regret (i) were receivedfrom a large number including theDuchess of Sutherland, the Countessof Wemys, Mrs Alfred Lyttelton,Miss Marian Terry, Mrs Asquith,Mr Laurence Housman, Mr GranvilleBarker, Mr Max Beerbohm, MrMuirhead Bone, Sir Charles Holroyd,Sir Squire Bancroft, and Mr ArthurBourchier. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; After the King's health had beendrunk with the enthusiam which allartists feel for Royalty, the Healthof the Guest of the Evening wasproposed by the Chairman, Mr Wil- liam Rothenstein, seconded by MrW. B. Yeats. The Toast was drunkenthusiastically and replied to byMr Craig. &amp; &amp;Mr R. E. Fry then gave " TheCritics " and Mr E. F; Spence re- plied, after which the health of "TheGuests" was proposed by Mr Fre- derick Whelen and responded to byMr Michael Lykiardopoulos. " Macbeth " at His Majesty's./Auite the best production everby the management of thistheatre and quite the best perfor- mance ever given by Sir HerbertTree. What has brought this about?Some of the London and Provincialpapers have suggestions to make, (1) Some of these letters, together with some of theSpeeches are reprinted on pages 86 to 96 of this number and some put the goodness of theproduction down to the Influence ofMr Gordon Craig, but none of thepapers suggest why Sir Herbertwas so excellent as " MacbethI believe the reason was a simpleone. Sir Herbert Is impressionable,and has lately been impressed bycertain rumours that people werenot taking him as seriously as hehad all along hoped they were. Hehas lately been told that if fooleryIs admirable in the Circus it is sometimes intolerable in Shakespeareantragedy. &amp;He has also been told quite latelythat simplicity in stage productionIs what the public can grasp aseasily as elaboration and that thefirst is better suited as setting to awork of art than the second. &amp;&lt;£? Besides this Mr Comyns Carr, theloyal friend of Henry Irving, hashelped Sir Herbert in the production,and Mr Carr knows all Irvingdid, for Mr Carr is also impres- sionable. One noticed it in SirHerbert's production of " Faust"some years ago when Mr Carr actedas adviser, and one sees it againhere in ** Macbeth ". The Lyceumdays are not revived but there issomething more than merely remi- %niscent of them. &amp;Then Sir Herbert has asked someone to design him scenes andcostumes, and someone else to designhim some dances, and someone elseto arrange him some fights and someone else to suggest some ghostappearances and someone else..;.butif I began to give a list of thenames of people who had 44 helped "Sir Herbert produce 44 Macbeth " Ishould never come to an end. SirHerbert puts some of their namesdown ou his programme.... the othershe doesn't mention. uZ/ &amp;u&amp; I must say, however, that Ishould like to see Sir Herbert pro«=duce a play by himself some day. Iam sure it would be good muchbetter than this patch~work of manyhands who save the manager's time.uZ/ The part of 44 Macbeth " howeveris all Tree, If you can manage tooverlook the hand Shakespeare hadin it. As an interpretation it isexcellent,.... quite first class. It istheatrical and that is a great stepfor Sir Herbert who is as a ruleamateurish. Not a touch of theamateur marred this admirableproduction. uzz j£/ uszus&gt; One last word about the producetion. jZ/ us/ u? jS/u&amp; Although Sir Herbert Tree spokehis lines clearly,.... I heard nearlyevery word.... many of the otheractors were for the most part inau~ dible; and added to this I couldhardly see anyone except in threescenes. Mr. Gordon Craig had onefault when he gave us his first pro=ductions in 1900 and thereabouts. Itwas that he kept the stage too dark.&amp;/ They say Sir Herbert Tree hasborrowed from Mr Craig, but it seemshe has only been able to borrow this fault. Romeo and Juliet. F. N. Tyjr Fred Terry produced " Romeoand Juliet" here for his daughterMiss Phyllis Neilson Terry and workedwith much love. The result was de=lightful in very many ways. Theplay was rapidly acted, (the onlyregret was that the curtain had tobe lowered more often than eitherdesirable or necessary) and the pro=duction was magnificent. The poetryof Italy was not there, but Shake- speare's idea of the poetry of Italywas there. Shakespeare is alwaysEnglish. &amp;As for Miss Phyllis NeilsonTerry.... how go on? How write aboutthe unwritable ? 1 could easily cri=ticise and go wrong and abstain fromcriticism and not do right. Forexample how can one write about aseated figure of a young girl betweentwo elder women, her mother andnurse ? The young girl's back istowards us. She says only a few short quiet sentences, and yet you areconscious that the whole essence ofLove Is seated before you com- manding the experienced. JZ?How can one write of a look andIall it says? Such things inspire not mere critics. Yet such a look is tobe seen In the face of this young andinspired actress when she abruptlyis brought face to face with Romeofor the first time. (Thai; was a mostadmirable piece of stage management,by the way). Volumes of poems arecontained In that look.I must avoid all further attemptsat criticism. But 1 would humblysuggest to someone behind the cur- tain that if Miss Neilson Terry couldbe let off the penance of having tocome before the curtain between eachscene to acknowledge the roars ofnoise from the audience I believe thewonderful actress would be betterable to preserve that amazing mas- tery which possesses her in theearlier scenes until the very end ofthe performance. u2?It Is unfair to so delicate a humannature to expect it to preserve itsfineness when faced with the over- powering experience of the approvalof a London audience. Let the housecall at the end; let there be a millioncalls then ; but during the perfor- mance If only Miss Neilson Terry could be allowed to get away to thequiet of her room and keep to herselfand her thought and emotion 1 feelso much would be gained for her and for us all. J£? The Leicester Galleries. G H. HPhere has been an Important exhi- bition of designs and models forstage scenery here this last monthand the London press has honouredthe exhibitor, Mr Gordon Craig,with a serious and enthusiasticJS&gt;In a leading article The Timesdraws attention to the differencebetween scenery in the modernItheatre and the scenery Mr Craighas given us. " One may take it asan axiom " says the Times " that" any stage scene which satisfies the" eye without the actors will distract" both eye and mind when the actors" are present. This is an axiom upon" which Mr Craig's designs are based;" but it is ignored in nearly all" theatres, especially in poetic" drama ". &amp; &amp;In the Observer Mr Konody, ina particularly clear article, saysmany original things, and also re- members to repeat an obvious thingwhich has to be repeated again andagain before it will be clearly recog- nised. He mentions the PRACTIC- ALITY of Mr Craig's work. " What " is truly extraordinary is that Mr44 Craig's opponents persist In con- -44 demning his work as unpractical,44 his effects of light and spaciousness44 as impossible of realisation on44 the stage. But Mr Craig has his44 answer ready for them, and the44 hammer blows of his logic are44 the more telling as the force44 behind them is... practical achieve- -44 ment". £? £? &amp; &amp;He then quotes from Mr Craig'snotes to his Catalogue:i44 The obvious thing that the44 London critic may say is that you44 cannot get such a height on the44 actual stage, and the surprising44 answer is that you cannot.... in44 London. Somehow or other, a sense44 of space is a thing seldom attemp- -44 ted in London. Those who have44 visited Italy, for Instance, notice44 how we dwarf our triumphal44 arches and our castle walls, (i) It44 is all rather neat here in London.44 You may say that would in EO44 way prevent a stage carpenter44 from being able to realise the44 of the wall before44 him. But 1 am afraid I must sug- -44 gest that you are wrong, for stage44 carpenters are as impressionable44 as yourself, and they have at last44 been • convinced that space is a 44 thing which does not exist ". &amp;j&amp; In some of the theatres on theContinent they have got past thisdifficulty, and yet without robbingthe actor, the stage manager andthe call boy of their employments. "Several of the newspapers drawattention to Sir Herbert Tree'simitation of certain of the "Macbeth"designs..., made for Sir Herbert atItis request and withdrawn sby thedesigner from the theatre.Whether Sir Herbert has con- sciously copied would be unfaireven to guess at; it is better toagree with those who believe thatSir Herbert made strenuous effortsto avoid Mr Craig's powerful sugges- tions and was unable to get free.Besides one may be sure that MrCraig would be the first to be de®lighted that any production should beinfluenced in the right direction.The private view of the Designsattracted a large number of well®known people, among whom werethe Duchess of Leeds, Lady Curzon,Lady Shand, Sir Lawrence AlmaTadema, Sir John Hare, Mr MauriceBaring, Miss Ellen Terry and MissMarion Terry, Mr and Mrs ArthurBourchier, Mr and Mrs John Gals- worthy, Mrs Alfred Lyttelton; whileduring the first two weeks of theexhibition some of those who visited the Galleries were Sir George andLady Alexander, Madame YvetteGuilbert and M. Schiller, Mr LaurenceHousman, Mr William HeinemannMr E. F. Spence, Miss Phyllis NeilsonTerry, Miss Edith Craig, Mr and MrsRothenstein, Mr and Mrs Bradbury,Signor Meo, Professor Sauter, MrPatric CoSlum, Sir Albert Seymour,and Mrs Alfred Sutro. jp/Sir Herbert Tree put in an ap=pearance but only got as far as theinside of the half doors where helingered for three minutes and thenleft hurrldly. &amp;Madame Sarah Bernhardt visitedthe Exhibition and expressed herpractical admiration of the workshown by inviting Mr Gordon Craig todesign her a production of "Hamlet";Mr Arthur Collins also visitedthe Exhibition and expressed theopinion that he had never seen suchrubbish in his life.&amp; Thus we see that Mr ArthurCollins differs from Madame SarahBernhardt and most of the Englishcritics and artists. Yet probably MrCollins believed he was voicingpublic opinion Is Drury Lane becoming parochial ? (I) off the stage a* well as on. WITTERSHAM. A New Theatre. T. E. gt is not often that we are able tosend out any word about the Drama from this pleasant garden ofEngland. But quite lately an artisthas come amongst us who has hadthe desire to give us dramas andso we are all excited here. J£?jg?The artist is Miss Laurence AlmaTadema, and she not only writes usplays and promises to have us in toact them for her but she has justlately built us a theatre.1 have never seen another theatrelike it anywhere and so I thinkWittersham should be proud..&lt;s&gt; Now we await the day when thecurtain shall be rung up though if weawait that day nothing will happenfor there is no curtain in her theatre.I will send you more news aboutthe delightful place In a few weeks.When England has ten thousandsuch little homes of drama in Eng=land all will be well: and now thatWittersham has given the nation alead what should prevent it ?Mr MacEvoy has a theatre in avillage but it is not like MissTadema's. Hers is original and sim=pie and untheatrical. Mr MacEvoylike everyone else sees nothing butthe modern London Ttreatre in his vision. Miss Tadema sees Life. PARIS. The " Grand Guignol ". H. L. of the best known theatres inEurope, the Grand Guignol, is surely the smallest building of thekind. There may be smaller audito- riums in out of the way towns ; infact I know of one in Firenzuo'a onthe road to Bologna ; but for Parisit is amazingly sm'ali. ■£*&amp; The Kleines Theater in Berlin islarge in comparison. The KunstlerTheater of Munich and the Theatredes Arts of Paris immense. jg?jg? One pays very little for a seat inthis theatre de luxe ; the programmecosts another sixpence, and if onecomes three minutes before thecurtain rises one has time to countthe people in the house.It assuredly cannot take muchmore money than a hundred poundsa night if every seat and everyprogramme is sold, and it is likelythat not more than fifty poundsis taken on an a\erage. &amp; jg?jg? How then is the theatre keptopen ? When 1 was there the otherevening thirteen performers appear- ed ; there were six pieces played ,and these performers, playwrights,not to mention stage manager, sceneshifters, gas men and others, needpaying. jg/ jgf jg/jg? I suppose the theatre is run byM. Max Maurey for political purposesor that he enjoys playing with atheatre as collectors of stamps enjoytheir own particularly thrilling hobby. £? &amp; &amp;&lt;£? Stamp collecting is thrilling. TheGrand Guignol is not. Or rather, itwas not on the night I wentthere. &amp;It was about as tame as thePolice Gazette ; it is a kind of grown- up Frenchman's Hans Anderson.Very sentimental plays acted Indif- «ferently by French actors who seemto be resting on the reputation wonfor the place years ago. &lt;g? &amp;Mile. Suzanne Valiier gave theonly really amusing performance,and when she was on the stage hercollaborators seemed to gatherforce.jg/ I saw Le Pharmacien, La FeeAtelier d'Aveugles, Le Devoir,(a farce acted in a surprisingly strongway by the three performers): Sousla Lumiere Rouge, (a very poorlyacted piece of rubbish) and Apresvous Capitaine ". J£?jg? I have no doubt that if the au- dience who go to the Grand Guignolwere alive the actors would becomeso in a trice; but the audience is adead one, and compares most shame- fully with, for example, an Italianaudience. jgr jg? jg? jg?jg? An Italian audience would havehooted the performers of the GrandGuignol into acting. jg? Paris Is decidedly tired. EDITORIAL TWO STORIES. The First Story. J. S. M essrs Klaw and Erlanger aretimid. The following tale willshow it. They are also inventive. jZ?£? It appears that a certain Americanlady who wished to produce an operain America went to see Messrs Klawand Erlanger and asked them to getMr Gordon Craig to produce the work.On hearing Mr Craig's name thetwo famous directors exclaimed induet, "Impossible 1 why we oncewired to Mr Craig asking him toproduce us a spectacular drama hereand he replied by cable " wire amillion dollars by return and I willcome over and consider proposition".This is true story for we have itfrom the lady herself. But there is oneerror. Mr Craig never received anyproposition whatever. It Is true that Mr Craig has re- ceived about the largest sum everipaid a producer, but that should notfrighten Messrs Klaw and Erlanger.We think these gentlemen mustbe labouring under a delusion begot- ten by a desire to open negotiationswith Mr Craig, and a fear lest theymight actually be able to pay him the requisite fee. £?The Second Story. &amp;leading London actor in all since- rity was heard to say that nomanager would dream of asking MrCraig to produce a play for him "asMr Craig refuses anything but fiftyper cent of the gross receipts ". £?This, the poor gentleman couldhardly know, was a lie, so he couldhardly but be shocked and surprised.The report was originally spreadby a well known Actor-Manager who offered Mr Craig ONE per cent,and we presume that he was toomuch ashamed to own up to suchmiserly methods and attempted tocover the traces by false reports.As a matter of fact we learn thatMr Craig accepted these absurd termsin order to show his sincere desireto cooperate with the manager inquestion. We are curious to knowwho that Manager is and what wasthe result of the contract, and wehope that before long we may knowmore of the Interesting details... forinteresting and amusing they cer- tainly must be:.... but one per cent Oh !. .. . THOROUGHNESSIN THE THEATRE.BY GORDON CRAIG,IN&amp; THE ENGLISH REVIEWOCTOBERi 9 i i . -&lt;£&gt; EDWARD HILL BRANDON. &amp;Fowler Road, Forest Essex,* DESfGNS MENU CARDS, ETC. •*&gt;Please send for particulars to above address* WALT WHITMAN. A "LEAVES OF GRASS " REPRINT.I propose to publish in facsimile Walt Whitman's personal copy of Leaves of Grass,edition of 1860=1861, in which he did much of the work of revision for the editionthat followed five years later.This copy of Leaves of Grass is historic. It Is the volume abstracted by Secretarytiarlan from Whitman's desk in the Interior Department and made the basis forWhitman's discharge from that branch of the service. An account of this incident,written by Whitman himsif, will be photographically reproduced andincluded. The edition will be limited to five hundred copies. The price fixedten dollars for each copy. No books will be sent to editors for review and norebates or discounts will be allowed to collectors or booksellers.The text matter of this book will be printed from the original plates, which stilexist. The chirographical matter in Whitman's hand will be superimposed. In order tomaintain a strict likeness to the original, in which Whitman used black ink and pen =cils of several colors, it will be necessary for each sheet to go through the press fromthree to five times. This is a costly process.The production of this work calls for the finest skill of the photographer, engraverand printer. But it will be faithfully supervised to the remotest particularsEach volume will be authenticated by a number and my signature. Subs criptionswill be filled in the order they are received.&amp; To persons who have a special interest in Whitman, as well as to students andslibraries (particularly to the libraries of schools and colleges), this remarkable reprintmust have unusual significance.No steps will be practically taken in this matter until subscriptions sufficient tocover the initial expenses are received &amp; Send for circular. HORACE TRAUBEL1613 CHESTNUT STREET, PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A 9Uk KMODERNEby JACQUESROUCHEprice five francs. _"pROFUS EL Y I "L""LTREATING OF THE WORK OFSTANISLAWSKY, APPIA, REINHARDT,FRITZ ERLER, FORTUNY &amp;GORDON CRAIGRduard Cotnely &amp; Cie101 Rue de Vaug ira Paris DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSigna.Via di Foss i N. 1 - FLORENCE______________ -Reproduction of sculptures of Old andModern Masters - Statues - Busts - Vases= Ba s - Reliefs - Fountains - Doors,Chimney - pieces « Bases etc. etc. inevery style. A LETTER FROMMme BERTHA RALICH NEW •1 cannot say enough in praise of" TheMask7o me it is a journal of rare intel-ligence, embracing a knowledge of theaesthetic in Drama, which is much neededin this era of commonplaceness andmediocrity•With its truthful, instructive criticismsand progressive ideas, The Mask isa school to the actor and to the generalpublic, a unique and interesting journal.TRADE AGENTSSimkin, Marshall, Hamilton,Kent &amp; Co. sLondon.