Bruno's Weekly 2 9 February 26th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-02-26_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 9 Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 1 From the Collection of Patrick F. Madigan This poem of G. K. Chesterton appeared never before in print Illustration 3 The Bruno Players 3-4 Miss Julia by August Strindberg 4-5 London Letter Edward Storer cre 5-7 Sex Guido Bruno cre 7-9 The Betrothed Aleksei Remizov cre 9-10 A Fable Ralph Johnson cre 11 Ad Tabitham Catulus cre 11 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 11 All Joseph L. French cre 11 As I Walk Out on the Street 12-13 The War After the German of Peter Altenberg by Guido Bruno cre 13 A Poem by Richard Aldington Happiness 13 Books and Magazines of the Week 14-16 In Our Village Ella Wheeler Wilcox cre 16-17 An Evening With Bruno Players 17 Charl es Edison's Little Thimble Theatre Musicales 17 The last three nights of the week are devoted as hitherto 17 Wall Street Reflection Junius cre 18 Bruno's Garret 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents February 26th, 1916W AN O G Copyright February 26th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit is given toauthor and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO PLAYERSATCHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEN FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.C,■ v¥- Wu(hMiss JuliaA Naturalistic Tragedy, In One ActBy August StrindbergMiss Julia Laura ArnoldJean Langdon GflletChristine Alice BakerThe action tak.es place on Mid-Summer Eve in the kitchen of the Count's. Country house,GUIDO BRUNO, Manager LANGDON GILLET, DirectorEVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,at 8.4S P.M. and SATURDAY at 3 o'clock.ONLY 100 SEATS. AT ONE DOLLAR EACHTate had at the BOX OFFICE, 10 FIFTH AVENUE, or by MaO Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYin His Garret on Washington Square No. 9. FEBRUARY 26th. MCMXVI Vol. 11. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY From the Egoist, London BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno s Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewJ,orl5» _N- October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 18 79&gt; Aubrey Beardsley From the Collection of Patrick F. MadiganThis poem of G. K. Chesterton appeared never before in print The Bruno Players T HE BRUNO PLAYERS will open their season on Feb- ruary 28th, in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre,No. 10 Fifth avenue, with August Strindberg's naturalistic drama, "Miss Julia." They are a small group of actors andactresses that wish to interpret Strindberg, Tchekoff,Wedekind, Artzibasheff and Gogol's works in the simple andsincere way in which these playwrights created their char- acters. Under the managment of Guido Bruno, who is as- sisted in the direction by Langdon Gillet, they will play onthree nights of the week, every Monday, Tuesday and Wed- nesday, and on one afternoon, on Saturday, in the ThimbleTheatre, and later, the last three days of the week in anuptown show'house.The performances of the Bruno Players will not inter- fere and have no connection whatever with Mr. CharlesEdison's work in the Thimble Theatre, benefitting Ameri- can musicians and composers, which will be continued, andthe free musicales'will take place on the evenings of Thurs- day, Friday and Saturday of each week.The Bruno Players do not intend to do anything startling,unusual or sensational. Everything worl'h while in life issimple and made of very humble substance. To view lifeas it is, to see what is actually happening, one needs justa pair of good eyes, and in order to understand what otherssay, the things that they really mean to say, one needsknowledge of the language and a pair of good ears. There- fore, there will be nothing startling and unusual used in thetheatre of the Bruno Players. No luxurious equipment forthe audience. No new color schemes, no unexpected effectsor revolutionizing stage features, no architecture, producingoptical illusicns on the stage. It will be a show house inthe realest sense of the word. A house where somethingis shown.T'he things which are put on show being the only reasonfor the existence of the house, and its main and sole feature.Only with physical comfort is the human mind susceptibleto new impressions, ready to listen, to like or dislike, toapprove of or to reject. An unprejudiced mind must behoused in a comfortable-feeling, self-unconscious body.Therefore, comfortable armchairs are provided with plentyof room to the right and to the left, to enable one to changeone's position easily, and plenty of space between rows, sothat the legs do not feel stepmotherly treated.The stage is simple. Just an elevation, with no otherpurpose than to expose the performers conspicuously toeverybody present. ACTING IS GOOD AS THE RESULTOF BEING ITSELF. Therefore, stage settings of moreor less conspicuous designs, decorations of all kinds, theappliance of the science of stage lighting are only irritatingand distractive to the attention. Miss Julia by August Strindberg jypSS JULIA is the strongest of the naturalisticdramas Strindberg wrote in the best years of his life.He considered it himself the best work that he had ever done. The Swedish censors prohibited its production inSweden, and it was acted in New York but once—at a privateperformance, some years ago, before an invited audience inthe Forty-eighth Street Theatre.Strindberg is no playwright, from the standpoint of themodern theatrical producer. He does not care for construc- tion. He does not build up situations carefully. There isno painstaking architecture of actions. We do not admirethe objective correctness, or consequence of the charactershe paints; all we see is the gripping life and the brutal truthof detail. Strindberg is not satisfied that we see the thingshe chooses to show us, but we have to feel them on ourskin. We have to bump against them if we find ourselvesunexpectedly confronted with them. He is not a planner whobuilds up his work before our eyes. He is not a painterof decorations who provides for us illusions and perspectivepleasures of the eye; he is the magician who spills every- thing right under our noses—too often, not over pleasantly,because he does not always charm forth peaches andcanaries."Miss Julia" is a consciously naturalistic tragedy, very un- real in its construction. Strindberg has an uncanny powerto paint the wild and hunted life of the minute, and theexplosion of actions, the hissing vapors of wrath. Heknows better than anyone else how to show us everythinganimal and primitive in the life of the soul, the hatred andanger, the combat between hostile wills, but also resigna- tion, weariness, and dejection. But the naturalist with theclear and sharp eyes, is also a mystic, following Swedenborginto his translunaric world, one who knows how to charmbefore our eyes, the dark plays of dreams and the abyssesof the soul. • .Strindberg migfit fail very often, as his adversaries claim'justly, to give us a deep psychological evolution of his char- acters, but he never fails to show us through his elementarydramatic actions, through his dialogues, to which one has;to listen and i»irough his effects, which cannot be ignoredas less than explosions—real life.To do on the stage what Strindberg did on paper is the|intention of the Bruno Players. London Letter Edward Storer. London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington.February I Oth, 1916. TT HIS week I think I will begin with a little chat on some'of London's literary book-shops—l mean the intimeinteresting places where an atmosphere of humanity andthe humanities lingers. We have our share of the other kindtoo—glittering parlours where the new books are stacked inlifeless slabs, places full of choas and quantity.. But thereare perhaps as many as a dozen or so little places which make for the pleasure and worthiness of book-buying inLondon. I scarcely know where to begin or with whom.There is "The Poetry Bookshop, and Dan Rider's, wellknown to American literary men and artists, and the BombShop in Charing Cross Road, with its Socialist and Anarchistliterature, and Beaumont's, opposite, with the delightfuldrawings by continental artists, and Reeves, by WaterlooBridge, who buys the reviewers' review copies, and Mr.Shore's Book Parlour, off Holborn. There are the barrowsin the roadway in the Farringdon Road, where you may geta beautiful text of Aeskhylos or Terence for a penny, orunearth a neglected Aldine from a mass of rubbish, if youare lucky.Harold Monro's Poetry Bookshop, in Devonshire street,has been the subject of many articles, I fancy, some ofwhich have appeared in American journals. Yet, possiblythe real reason for the existence of such a shop has neverbeen explained. In planning his venture, Mr. Monro per- ceived what all modern poets have had to face at one timeor another of their careers that the ordinary channels ofapproach between author and public are closed for them.To the average bookseller all new peotry is dead. To himits birth certificate is also its death certificate. Under pres- sure he will order you a copv of a book of contemporaryverse, but he would rather not. It employs the energies ofhis staff in an unprofitable adventure. As a result, tdheauthor of a book of new poetry has to find an opening forit himself. He must, when he has written it, become com- mercial traveller for it and actual, if not nominal, publisheras well. Mr. Monro saw this, as we have all seen it, and theobvious deduction from it was that in order that contem- porary poetry may have a chance to exist, the public forwhom it is intended must be brought together. First, tfhispublic, which, after the dissipation of theYellow Bookmovement and the art-culture of the nineties, was scatteredand lost, must be rediscovered. Monro set himself thetask of appealing directly to this lost public, this audience ofawakened and awakening souls. I am sure it was no easytask, but in a measure it has been successfully accomplished.The proprietor of The Peotry Bookshop was the man tocarry the scheme through. He had a genuine love of poetryfor its own sake, and in a sense he was incorruptible—that is,he would not come down to publishing rubbishy verse be- cause the author of it was a wealthy person who could af- ford to offer a nice bonus over the printing cost. Monrohad a quarterly review, Poetry and Drama, which he al- lowed to perish soon after the war began—too timidly, Ithink. The Poetry Bookshop is now—even in war time—asuccessful venture. Its danger, of course, is that it will betoo successful and prefer a good balance-sheet to the austereservice of the Muses.Everybody knows "Dan's," or Dan Rider's bookshopjDan is "the laughing bookseller," the friend of the impover- ished artist, the proprietor of the smallest and jolliest Bo- hemian club in London, the first man American writers visitwhen they come to London. In the little square room at theback of the shop many projects have been hatched. There,at his table, covered with books and papers, sits "Dan,"dispensing advice or his cheerful cynicism to whomsoevermay look in. The place is an institution often described inarticles and novels, and I cannot do justice to it.At the Bomb Shop you buy Socialist and Anarchist litera- ture, Fabian wares, I. L. P. pamphlets, and suffrage litera- ture. For first editions, especially of modern poets, and per- haps particularly of Francis Thompson, one would go toThe Serendipity Shop, so named after the word coined byHorace Walpole. Everard Meynell, son of Alice Meynell,keeps this charming little book snugery. But, perhaps thatis enough of book-shops for today. Sex By Guido Bruno. After the German of Stanislav Przybyszewsky, Author of"Homo Sapiens." IN the beginning there was sex. . . .Out of the voice box of the human being sex tore thefirst long-stretched sounds, it directed them to the tact ofthe pulsing heart, it formed them into rhythm and melody,it shaped them into the neighing, howling and growling ofpain, into the snarling and grinning of hatred, into the mur- muring and whispering of love, into the smuttered, heaven- high joyful shouts of gladnes of the organism and of ecstacy:Sex gave birth to the world:And sex diffused itself with super-power into the musclesof the human body; it handed man the club as it came uponhim to destroy his rival in the contest for his mate, it in- creased his powers unto the indefinite when he had to pro- tect the life of his mate and of his brood. It helped him toclear forests, to tear apart the womb of the earth, to directinto new beds rivers and lakes, to subdue seas and to con- quer mountains; sex awakened the brain from its slumber,forcing it into incomprehensible suffering and into the laborsof never-heard-of work and into cunning and into the slybetraying with which he stole the fire from the gods andinto audacious daring so that he mounted the Pelian uponthe Ossa, and so that he broke open the doors of the king- dom of heaven.Sex gave birth to the deed.And sex forced its way into the heart of man. It filledit out completely. It awaked in man the desire to see every- body as happy as sex itself was in its sacred elevation ofhappiness. It incended in him the powerful wish to playmusic for the whole world to a joy-dance, so that every- body might become self-conscious in blissful play and mightjoin in the great sacred hymn of life. To the tables ofrichest banquets did it invite all, and therefore sex createdpity and consolidation, it created father and mother, brotherand sister, it united the human sex through bonds of bloodand of friendship. But at the same time it became the originof revengefulness and of inordinate desire of murder and ofcrime; it separated and crushed to every wind the seed of theAbel, of the Seth and of the Cain.And so created sex the family, the clan, the nation. Andthen it tore open widely its eyes and looked back withinexpressible longing and looked far, far back towards itsdivine origin.Millions and millions of years had it been staring into thesacred fire whose lustre meant life to all worlds and all ani- mals on which it lived.Sex craved for divinity!And it expanded the chest of man with fervent longing,it saturated his heart with the sweet poison of weakness andof trust, it stole one beam after another from out of theaboriginal fire until it had incended in the soul of man aheart-flame through which it started to dissolve and to dif- fuse completely and forget its own self-subsisting ego.In the love!And there came to pass the miracle: Amorphos Hyleunited with Logos!The Holy Spirit descended upon sex and thus sex created—love. •And now the bars broken down and the doors of the hu- man soul opened wide to the stars, to the heaven, to the sun;the beams of mercy and the most incomprehensible wonderssprouted suddenly from invisible origins; a thousand un- known feelings, comprehensions and perceptions expandedthe human soul, expanded it to the bigness of the divinebeing; the arms were stretched out toward never-thought-ofworlds; it bowed the knees before gruesome mysteriouspowers and man rooted up dust in terror, in trembling andin reverence; hidden forebodings became certainties and thecertainty did hide in the deep, unlit darkness of the unknown—the unknown which was so indefinitely near. Mindful ofits divine origin, sex nestled in the heart of man with theglad tidings:Sex was the first one to talk toman of God! The super- power of sex grew with love and the consciousness of itsdivinity.A hot stream poured out into the darkest hiding placesand the most secret faults of the soul; it illuminated thedarkest abysses with the sunny glow of light; it inflamedrocks so that they were glowing in blazing flames; it reor- ganized the worlds and created them into its shapes and innew forms. All instincts were directed into its broad bed;all forebodings, all lust and all pain, hatred and the blessed ascension of man to heaven,, the whole life's struggle of aboundless and unrestrained soul, and it carried the foamingwaves to the opposite shore and threw them down at tihefeet of God so that He might rejoice in his image.And thus sex became the confidant of God and carriedHim glad messages of how man had been drawn nearer toHIM through Art.Sex gave birth to Art.And so sex is the Androgyne, "father-mother" of all thatist&gt; that was, that will be: the powerful original fountain ofmight, of eternal strength, of enthusiasm and intoxication,of the most sacred attempt to storm the heavens and of thegravest, most detestable Fall of Man, of the highest virtueand of the most devilish crime. There is no power that cancompare itself with sex, and as such it is the extreme beautyand the only link uniting us with the Absolute, becausethere it originated and to thence will it return.It is the hot gulf which melts the ice and which fructifiesthe earth, creating an Eden or a hell for the generation ofmen.It is that ocean which encircles the whole universe, em- bracing it with loving arms. It is the one pledge and theone certainty of the divine in man. Cat's Paw. The Betrothed By Aleksei Remizov. Translated from the Russian by John Cournos.*T" HREE years a lad played with a lass, three autumns.Countless were the words spoken in whispers. Thatwas how Maria loved Ivan!Who, among us, nowadays, loves like that?The time came to put blossoms in the hair. And Mariawas given to another, she was not given to Ivan!Quickly the parents made the match between them. Anice, well-to-do son-in-law was found; the old folk werepleased with themselves.And there was no more honey in life for her; dark grewthe face of Maria, even darker than an autumnal night. Onlyher eyes flickered, flickered like two candles.Her soul was wearv, a frosty cold congealed her heart.Desolat ■, she sang in the evening her dolorous songs. Deathitself would have been w-lcomer. Yet bravelv she resignedherself, and bravely endured.Three years Maria lived with the ungracious one, threeautumns. And one day she fell ill. She did not pine a longtime, but died the feast of Kuzma and Demian.And then thev buried Maria.O ho! the winter had come, with its frosts; white snowcovered the grave! And Maria lay under the white snow;no longer flickered those eyes, the eyelids were sealed overthem.One night Maria rose from her grave; she went to herhusband. A sign of the cross made he, Feodor her husband, the un- gracious one."What does she want, the accursed one?" and he wouldnot let his wife in.Maria then went to he - father, to her mother she went."At whom are you gaping?" said her father."Where, witch, are you said her mother.The father was frightened, the mother was frightened, theywould not let their daughter into the house.Maria went to her godmother."Get you away, soul of a sinner, whrre you will, there isno room for you here," and away sent the godmother hergodchild.And Maria was now left alone, a stranger in this wideworld; no other roof had she than the sky."J will go to him, to my first one, my earlier one," thoughtMaria suddenly, "he will take me in!"And she appeared before Ivan's window.Near the window she could see Ivan sitting; he waspainting a picture of the Virgin Mary.She knocked on the window.Then Ivan wakened his servant. It was night, and to- gether they went out with hatchets.The servant, when he saw Maria, was frightened. With- out looking round once he ran away.She looked at Ivan."Take me in, I will not harm you."Ivan was overjoyed; he approached her, and he embracedher."Stop!" she cried, "don't press me so tightly, my boneshave lain for some time."And she herself kept looking at him, she could not tear hereyes away; she caressed him, and could not caress himenough. That was how Maria loved Ivan!Who, among us nowadays, loves like that?Ivan took Maria into his house, he did not show her toanyone; he gave her dresses, also food and drink. And thusthey lived until Christmas together.On Christmas Day they went to church. In the churchall began to look at Maria—her father and her mother, herhusband Feodor and her godmother.When the service ended Maria went over to her mother."Yes, I am your own," said Maria. "You will rememberthat one night I came to you, and none of you would let mein, and so I went to my first one, my earlier one, and he tookme in."And they all acknowledged Maria, and they gave judg- ment: they gave her not to her old husband Feodor, but theygave her to Ivan.O ho! the spring had come, the snow had thawed away,the green grass sprang up, and upon the little Red Hill werewedded Ivan and Maria.Here is an end to my tale, an end to my novel. A Fable Ralph Johnson. EVERAL nights after the beginning, the moon came upthrough the dark aopearing unusually sleepy.When the stars who were envious of the mo ,n's superiorlight, saw her worn-out condition they thought this an ex- cellent opportunity for the wind to extinguish her as hehad promised to do, and, calling to a comet who was visitinghis friends in the heavens, ordered him to tell the wind thathe now has a chance to fulfill his contract with them.The comet fell through space till he came to the regionof gales told the wind what was wanted of him."All right," said the wind, and, whispering to the stars tosteady themselves, filled his gigantic cheeks and blew a tre- mendous breath in the direction of the moon, expecting tosee her totter and fall, black and lifeless, in the gloom.Now the moon was utterly unconscious of the fact that anattempt to annihilate her had been made, and, slowly turn- ing to the stars, who were shrieking and gripping at the sky- in abject terror, said very blandlv and without malice: "Saylittle freckles of the night, what's all this fuss about?" Ad Tabitham Catulus. Cat,Twelve years old and old at that,Shall I sing of thee today,Eh?Cat,Tenant of my lonely mat,If I did, what should I say,Eh?Cat,As a subject thou art flat;Go away and—play; nay—prayStay. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. ATHLETICS is simply physical exertions divorced froma utilitarian purpose; for if any utility inhere to theexertions, it at once becomes just vulgar labor, and no gen- tleman will have anything to do with it. Thus: playing golfis athletic exercise: but hoeing pototoes is vulgar labor:ergo gentlemen don't hoe potatoes.Where a will won't make a wag, a wagward will some- times will.Hind-sight is to find out what was the matter with fore- sight. All Joseph L. French. CONG! and a beam:Life! and a flower:Death! and a dream:Scorn! and the hour. As I Walk Out on the Street A LONG chain of carriages, delivery wagons and automo- biles blocked Fifth avenue on one of the sunny andmild afternoons we had last week, and among other pedestri- ans that wished to cross over to Thirty-fourth street, Iwaited patiently until the green sign, "Go," should be sub- stituted by the policeman for the peremptory red, "Stop."The policeman stood amidst all this moving and waitingmass of humanity of harnessed animals and of rattling auto- mobile engines like a rock of safety or like a potentateamong his subjects.It took a long time. A very long time.The imperative ringing of a bell, as is used on ambulancesand the fire chief's automobiles, made me look into the di- rection whence these sharp sounds interrupted the monotonyof my waiting and of my obeying. Human misery has some- thing majestic, something that seems to give it a right todisobey laws. It was not an ambulance, and I also, couldnot espy the flaming red-painted touring car in which thecommander of his fire squads hurries to their temporaryplaces of action.It was a big, green, what seemed to be, a delivery wagon,driven by a policeman, and a few policemen were at theother end of the wagon. It was a patrol wagon. Onbenches alongside its walls behind bars, which admitted lightand air into it, flanked b"- two policemen, sat a girl.The patrol wagon, too, had to obey the orders of thetraffic policeman. It stopped.It stopped rierht next to a snow white limousine, withpurple curtains, and with a footman next to the chauffeur'sseat.Both automobiles were side by side. I am tall. I couldeasily look into the vehicle:A girl between two policemen. The charge against herwas written upon her face.girl in the limousine, between two gentlemen. Buta charge was also written upon this woman's face."In uniforms, they guide the one to her earthly fat|e," Ithought."Plain clothes men look after the other." A VERY large American flag was exhibited on Washing- ton's Birthday, in a tremendous show window on Fifthavene. The Stars and Stripes were draped around a life- sized painting of Washington and around painted signs,which told in big, black letters what • "Washington hadsaid about Preparedness," and what "President Wilson hadsaid about Preparedness," and there was all over the win- dow, in big black letters, the question directed to you orto me: "What will YOU do to defend your flag?"A half an hour later, I was sitting in a spaghetti houseon Sixth avenue, where one can get an eight course dinner v?r* 1 •cents, and a breath of "Bohemian atmosphere."Washington s Birthday was celebrated fhere by an additionof a biscuit tortoni to the regular dinner. It was served innaming red paper, together with the black coffee. A littleAmerican flag was stuck upon it!i?ow was I to defend this much abused flaer? The War After the German of Peter Altenberg by Guido Bruno E HAVE a new chambermaid in our hotel since thedeclaration of the war. She is a nice woman, slender,blonde, with a snub nose. She is not really a trained andexperienced chambermaid, but for the last four years, thewife of one of our waiters, who was called to the colors.They took her in mostly out of charity, and she is helping?Uu j there. I gave her one krone, one day, whichI had kept for years as a pocket-piece, and then, later on,gave her several more krones, which I had not kept aspocket-pieces, and told her to buy some better food for her- self. She was pale, and I thought that she needed betteran they served in the maids' dining-room.One day I said: "Mathilda, you are not using my kronesfor better food and for little luxuries, but you are sendingit to your husband in the trenches l"She blushed, and answered; "Isn't that food and luxuryfor me?"The next day after this little sketch had appeared in alocal paper the young wife accosted me in the hallwaywhere she had been busy on some errand or other, and said:I am so ashamed and so hurt because you brought meinto the papers!"Hurt! It was an honor, Mathilda!"You poet, and you dreamer you! But I did not send themoney at all to my husband. I ate it all myself! Andnot even that, I bought myself a new waist with it! Howdo I look now to you and to the world?" A Poem by Richard Aldington Happiness CEASE grumblincv brother!All men are wretched;Some too rich,Most too poor—Happiness eludes them.We have books and talk,Women (not many)And rich imaginings.Let us pardon the godsWho made us menFor they have made us poets!From The Egoist, London. Books and Magazines of the Week X&amp;T A. BRENNAN, of the Medical Science Department of** • the John Crerar Library, of Chicago, has done tobaccoin general and the much abused cigarette, especially, a greatservice. His book, "Tobacco Leaves," just published by theIndex Office, Inc., in Wenasha, Wisconsin, contains the his- tory of tobacco, in all the forms it is being used, from thestandpoint of a scientist ,from the standpoint of a manu- facturer, of a salesman and of a consumer. There are chap- ters devoted to the botanical evolution of the tobacco plantand to the cultivation of the tobacco plant. There are alot of statistics which are really a little bit dry for the aver- age tobacco lover and tobacco user. But there are suchrelieving chapters as "Cigarettes," "Snuff," "PyschologicalEffects of Smoking." And tfhen there is a vast amount ofquotations from medical journals, and from the pages ofthe best books of our best authors. Here is one, that shouldbe read by those who always advocate the cigarette as oneof the causes of a national decadence. It is from the NewYork Medical Journal of July 25, 1914, an editorial: "Par- ticularly do the uninformed enjoy an attack on the cigarette;it is small, and its patrons, numerous as they are, yet forman insignificant minority in our immense population. There- fore, the cigarette and its users are fair game for cheap andsilly sneers; sneers which are capable, however, of cowingan entire legislature, as in Georgia, at this moment. Yet,beyond cavil, it has been proved scientifically that of allmethods of using tobacco, CIGARETTE SMOKING ISTHE LEAST HARMFUL. Some months ago, the "Lan- cet" undertook a careful laboratory study of the various waysof consuming tobacco, with the result that it was foundthat cigarettes, Egyptian, Turkish and American, yielded theleast amount of nicotine to the smoke formed; the cigarcame next in point of harmfulness, while the pipe over- shadowed the cigar to the extent that from 70 to 90 percent, of nicotine was said to exist in its smoke."As to the paper of cigarettes, the attacks are simply pre- posterous. Men are well within their rights in forbiddingcigarette smoking and other pleasures and distractions t&lt;otheir employes; it is another matter when they seize an op- portunity to compound with vices they have a mind to, bydamning one they're not inclined to, especially when thelatter affords solace and recreation to millions perfectlycapable of judging what is and what is not good for them.In Europe, where a good deal of logical thinking still pre- vails, there is probably not one smoker of distinction in anywalk of life who does not include the cigarette in his nico- tine armamentarium." Alfred Knopf and "Homo Sapiens" I do not know whether it is true, but if the rumors thatMr. Knopf, who was arrested by Sumner, at present Ameri- ca's Anthony Comstock, for publishing Przbyszewski's "Homo Sapiens" has pleaded guilty, he did something whichcommands even more respect than to publish the book inquestion.I do not know who this Mr. Knopf is; letters I have writ- ten him have come back as undelivered; but if he really hasthe courage of conviction to sacrifice the publicity connectedwith such a process in court, and would rather suffer finan- cial loss than to drag a work of art, which is unquestionablythigh above suspicion, through the sewers of our yellow jour- nalism in order to sell a good many copies to seekers afterthe obscene, he must command the respect of everybodywho knew Przbysewski. "Homo Sapiens" was written inthe Berlin days of the then exiled Pole. All of his workswritten in German in his best years, are more vigorous andmore methodical and convincing than anything he did inlater years in Polish. Much Ado Harry Turner, the editor of this fornightly, which carriesSlhakespeare on its front cover and a champagne ad on itsback cover, uses on the pages of his fortnightly mostly draw- ings, articles, poems and stories which he has lifted fromexchange copies sent to him by Bruno's Weekly, GreenwichVillage, and Bruno Chap Books. We find in the issue ofFebruary 17th, a drawing by Coulton Waugh, which wasused several weeks ago as cover design for Bruno's Weekly.Harry Turner has used a lot of other drawings by the artistsknown to il.ie readers of this journal. He not only abstainsfrom giving credit to the publications, but does not evenmention the name of either author or artist.This is the most detestable and the cheapest way of edit- ing a magazine. It is like selling stolen goods. Der Sturm Herwarth Walden, the editor of this only internationalreview appearing at present in Germany, publishes as theleading editorial of the current issue what he calls "TheSong of Songs of Prussianism," a fine satire upon the Prus- sianism as it was hated before tlhe war in all intellectualGermany, upon that militarism which appeared in carica- ture and sarcastic criticism in the leading art papers of Ger- many. Bulletin of the New York Public Library The January issue, just off the press, contains a veryinteresting impression of the New York Public Library uponRoman Jaen, translated from the Spanish by George M.Russell, first lieutenant, cavalry, U. S. A. The same issuecontains a list of works upon American Interoceanic canals,which can be found upon the shelves of the library. It iscompiled by John C. Frank. The Trail The second number of this new literary venture, fosteredin and sent to the world from Weyauwega, Wisconsin, offersspecial prices of $5 each for the best articles not to exceed five hundred words in length, answering that eternal ques- tion, "Why Suffrage Should be Equal 1" It is very safe tooffer even a large price for the correct answer to this ques- tion in five hundred words. The Minaret This new magazine from Washington, D. C., develops,under the joint editorship of Herbert Bruncken, of ShaemusO. Sheel, and of Harold Hersey, into a very interesting con- temporaneous miscellany. The February issue contains,"The Railroad Attorneys," another one of "SiXiouttes of theCity," by Harold Hersey. In Our Village Ella Wheeler Wilcox. I WAS down at Alice Palmer's "Village Store," right next* to my Garret, where Aunt Clemmie used to have a dining- room last year and sell such excellent Southern food.It was late in the afternoon, and the villagers were verybusy sewing costumes for the Pagan Rout, the annual blow- out of the Liberal Club. The store was deserted. AlicePalmer, in a big chair, sat before the dying-out grate fire,busily knitting shoes that must have been intended for acostume too. It is a nice place to rest in this new venturein ll.ie small shop movement in Greenwich Village.Alice Palmer is also a self-styled post-mistress. Anybodythat resides in the village can have his letters addressed tothe Village Store. The general delivery regulations are doneaway with here, and questions are not being asked. If thereis a letter for you, you simply get it.But I was a bit disappointed to find on the shelves andtables brass and pottery only, and on the walls only a picturehere and there. Why not sell some foodstuffs? We haven'ta decent grocery shop above Sixth avenue, and there arealways days wliien we wish to "dine in."Arthur H. Moss also entered upon a business career inGreenwich Village. He will sell in his Modern Art Shop"distinctly other things than other shops sell. Artists' sup- plies and art stationery" will be his specialty, and the dyeingof silks by Violet Trafford a side line.Mark Dix and Alexander Saas feel spring even before thefirst swallow has arrived. "Window Boxes" is their sloganfor the oncoming warm season. They Ihave very handsomeones in front of their windows and cannot see how otherpeople can exist without window boxes. They are con- templating to form a new society with the sole purpose ofinducing everyone who has a window to hang a box withevergreen and geraniums and smilax in front of it.( Ella Wheeler Wilcox was the last one to view Bruno'sGarret before its partial destruction by fire. She and Mrs. Davis, the playwright, were the 4ast visitors to write Aieirnames into the Guest Book. Here is her letter meditatingupon the visit:My dear Mr. Bruno:I have always been considered a Mascotte and have beentold I brought good luck to people. Therefore it was agreat shock to my self-conceit to think you had a fire in yourGarret so soon after my call.Mrs. Davis, who is also a good-luck-talisman-sort of per- son, was struck amidship by the news of your misfortune.We enjoyed our call so much. We hope you really do notsee any relation between our call and the fire.In those prehistoric days when I first published "Poemsof Passion" (before you were born) the paragrapher wouldhave found great food for jests on this incident, but I amsure it doesn't apply to my present self. An Evening With Bruno Players ISS JULIA, the supremely tragic figure which we meetso often in daily life, the woman whose life is a con- stant struggle against powers she is trying to control, filledwith longings no one appears able to satisfy; the valelf,Jean, who is a bad servant, and therefore can never be amaster; and Christine, to whom religion means self-confi- dence, a self-confidence which enables her to walk her ownway, undisturbed by tragedies which mean destruction toothers; these three, on midsummer eve, the mystical nightof the Scandinavian countries—a few hours only.Unspeakable pains are suffered, cruelties committed, sweetdreams dreamed—and then, in the morning, a new day hasstarted and everything is just as it was before. Charl es Edison's Little Thimble Theatre Musicales The last three nights of the week are devoted as hithertoto the furtherance of American musicians and singers.There will be no admission fee charged for the musicales onThursday, Friday and Saturday evenings, on which Ameri- can musicians and composers will have a chance to appearbefore a public audience.Miss Suzanne Michod, who aspires to become a concertsinger, and who came recently to New York to completeher studies, will sing this week Ronold's "Down in the For- est," from "A Cycle of Life"; "Across the Hills," by Rum- mel, and"The Nightingale Has a Lyre of Gold," byWhepley.Mrs. Frances E. Gilmore, contralto, well known as achurch singer in Brooklyn and the Queens, will appear onthe same evening, for the first time before a New York audi- ence. Her program includes Kursteiner's "Invocation toEros," Brown's "The Gift," and Saint Saens's "My Heartat Thy Sweet Voice." Wall Street Reflection "Junius." T RAVEL south of Fulton street, Manhattan, in the so- called financial district, and you will hear everyoneasking "What is the matter with the Market?"A spirit of apprehension—a fear of something direful thatmay happen seems to be in the minds of people. Has it abasis, or are we merely "seeing things" and giving ourselvesthe shivers needlessly?America is making money faster than ever—every mill isworking capacity; railroads have more than they can handle,and January was a record-breaker for traffic. Labor is moregenerally employed—the idle are those who will not work.Money never was so cheap—largest bank deposits andgreater facilities for meeting unusual demands; why thisdancing a financial schottish?What then is back of this one depression we know today;the depression of stocks? Nothing but our imagination.There is no profit in gloom—but there is profit in confidence.Rails are a good purchase. Steel and coppers most attrac- tive. Wall Street presents a great opportunity for a bullleader,and when he appears the Market will boom.A prominent stock exchange house has been flooding thecountry with advertisements and circulars about Argentinerails, a security so-called "wonderful opportunity." Theyhave been on the London Exchange for years offered at 85,with practically no market.Forewarned is forearmed; make a thorough investigationof these so-called wonderful opportunities, even if they arepresented by the big ones.If Wall Street has a deadline, financial fakirs have founda way to stumble over it without attracting attention. Bruno's Garret A group of young Russian painters are exhibiting a repre- sentative selection of their paintings in Bruno's Garret. Thepoetry readings and Monday evening lectures have to be in- terrupted on account of the fire until March the sth. Uponthis day, the necessary restoration work will have been fin- ished and Bruno's Garret will welcome everybody that wishesto attend its house-warming. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street IKEEP ON MY WALLS a permanent exhibition of autographs, man-uscripts and historical documents, and have at present an especiallyinteresting collection of letters and original manuscripts by Abra-ham Lincoln, George Washington, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar Wildeand Edgar Allan Poe. These are the original scripts of stories, poemsand documents which have made these men famous* If interested, dropme a line, or better, come and see my exhibition.PATRICK FRANCIS MADIGAN561 Fifth Ave. (entrance 46th St.), New YorkBMKBBB9HBEB9HHHDIBSBBfIB9IIMHfI9HBBBBBBEH9HHBHHBfIHH9HE9HHB9B9BBHBSBHHHB9BEESCSE9BRBSIBS^H^BS^ES9BSSBEfIDHSAt the Sign of the Red LampFifty-Three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until NineRARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BookgjBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to thabest book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.LIBRAIRIE FRANCAISE DEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on hand a large, fine selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances*Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN.CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536 thanDiamond Discat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with ourcompliments, an interesting littlePhone : Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A, Edison Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno, ManagerThis Week's PerformancesWednesday, 8:45 p. mBruno PlayersMonday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersTuesday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersThursday, 8:45 p. m. MusicaleFriday,8:45 p. m. MusicaleSaturday, 3:00 p. m. Bruno PlayersSaturday, 3:15 p. m.MusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free.