The mask 1 9 November 1908 naau_1908-11_01 The mask 1 9 Untitled Image Illustration 1 SOME OPINIONS ABOUT THE MASK, ITS APPEARANCE, ITS ARTICLES AND ITS AIMS. 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE by JULIUS OLIVER Illustration 6 CONTENTS 7 CHARACTER AND THE ACTOR J. Martin Harvey cre 7-14 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 THE BERLIN THEATRE John Balance cre 15-17 Untitled Image Illustration 15 REALISM AND THE ACTOR. AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM 18-19 Untitled Image Illustration 18 Untitled Image Illustration 19 BOOK REVIEWS 20-21 Untitled Image Illustration 20 " The Story of My Jyife Terry, 20-21 MAGAZINES RECEIVED &amp; 21 FOREIGN NOTES 21-22 Untitled Image Illustration 21 LONDON 21-22 MADAM V VETTE G UIRBERT 21 ST AGE ROVERS &amp; &amp; 21-22 W 1 L H E E M &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; 22 CONCERNING ENGLISH AMATEURS. G. N cre 22 EDITORIAL NOTES 22-24 Untitled Image Illustration 22 Js Realism illegal? Should it, when carried 22-24 SCHOLARSHIPS ON PROHIBITIVE 24 THE MASK A- THE ARCHITECT 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 25 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 K S Miss Ellen Terry&amp; Madam Yvette Guilbert Vol. I. N.° 9. NOVEMBER 1008 THE MASK A MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. L O N DON. O. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. £? £/BERLIN. SOEE GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; BUFEEB. Nollendorfstiasse 3X. w.AMSTERDAM, KIRBERQER &amp; KESPER. 134 Roktn.BUDAPEST. NAG EE OTTO Museum-Kornt, a £f jp &amp; J&amp; &amp;M O S C O U. "LA BALANCE " Office, Place du Theatre £&gt; £&gt;PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A. « THE BUTTERFLY " Office. ua6 Walnut Street. 0FLORENCE. «, BOBGO s. JACOPO &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING NET, MONTHLY 44 The most beautyful Magazine published "£&gt; NEW AGE &amp; I NEW ADDRESS.IThe present offices not being sufficiently roomy to carry on the increasing workof the magazine, THE EDITORIAL &amp; PUBLISHING DEPARTMENTS ofTHE MASK will shortly be transferred to new premises. Pending thisremoval AZ,Z, COMMUNICATIONS should be addressed to the AdvertisingOffice, BORGO SAN JACOPO. *All Subscribers, Contributors and Agents are asked to make a note of this.THE MASK, 8, BORGO SAN JACOPO, FLORENCEwmtimmmmmKmrnmemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmumm■ minmml ■„ juanin. .mm nwuimiwu. mmtmmmmnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmBmKimmmoKt &amp; FOR ADVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK " ADVERTISING OFFICE : S BORGO S. JACOPO&amp; &amp; FLORENCE &amp;IT A L Y OR TO THE LONDON,, GERMAN, OR OTHER AGENTS &amp; &amp; THE JOURNAL CHARACTERAND THE ACTOR CHARACTERAND THE ACTOR C H A RAGTERAND THE ACTOR CHARACTERAND THE ACTOR CHARACTERAND THE ACTOR CHARACTERAND THE ACTOR CHARACTERAND THE ACTOR THE BERLINTHEATRE. THE BERLINTHEATRE. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; &amp;GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI &amp; AMONG THE WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO " THE MASK » AREJOHN BALANCE £r 1VO HAUPTMANN 0 WOLFE PLANKSCARL BEHRENS .£&gt; ALEXANDER HEVESI WILLEM ROYAARDSRUPERT BROOKE &amp; H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WILL ROTHENSTEINALLEN CAR R 1 JAN van HOLT OTTO RUNQ JZ&gt;QUNNAR CASTREN EDWARD HUTTON 0 L. DE S. SCHILLERGORDON CRAIG 0 ANDREAS JYNGE 0 RUDOLPH SCHMERZ £&gt;J. PAUL COOPER jp ELLEN KEY MARTIN SHAWISADORA DUNCAN 0 JAN KLAASSEN ;Z&gt; ELLEN TERRY j0A. FRIEDE N TH A L &amp; FRITZ LAPIDOTH &amp; E. THESLEFF £r £&gt;LOUIS FULEP 0 D. NEVILE LEES 0 JAN C. de VOS ADOLF FURST 0 M. LYKIARDOPOU LOS PHILIP WAHLSTROMJULIUSZ GERMAN &amp; HALDANE MACFALL H. WILSON. &amp; 0YVETTE GUILBERT C.NICHOLSON 0 &amp; HELEN ZIMMERN &amp;MARTIN HARVEY JEAN JACQUES OLIVIER■maiuwMmiiimrwiaw minimi! iimii mm —"THE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE FOLLOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM &amp; THE HAGUE J? ROME £&gt; £&gt; &amp;BERLIN &amp; &amp; HELSINGFORS &amp; SAN FRANCISCOBUDA P E S Tj&amp; LONDON &amp; &amp; STOCKHOLM &amp;COPENHAGEN MADRID &amp; j&amp; VIENNA &amp; &amp;DRESDEN &amp; &amp; &amp; MUNCHEN &amp; j&amp; JZ&gt; WARSAW &amp; &amp; J&amp;DUBLIN us? PARIS &amp; &amp; &amp; WEIMAR &amp; j&amp;&amp; PHILADELPHIA &amp;YFAPIY \ England, 16 Shillings | Italy, 17 Lire, )SUBSCRIPTION i German Marks | Russia 8 Roubles &gt; POST FREEf America, 4 Dollars § France 20 Francs. JSIGN AND TEAR OFF THIS ORDER FORMOvC&lt;• , . . ..ORDER FORMTo the Editor, (or) To Mr. BooksellerAddress : Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,I enclose the sum of Signed Address &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandl, Tlpografla Bodonlana, Via Pintle Florence, and published at The OfficeS&gt; Borgo S. Jacopo. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; SOME OPINIONSABOUT THE MASK,ITS APPEARANCE, ITSARTICLES AND ITS AIMS. &lt;&amp; SATURDAY REVIEW. "A new journal printedin a very original way, with woodcuts,.... and articles,...on all topics connected with the theatre. Such a journal,if it could receive sufficient support, would have adistinct value of its own. PAEE MAEE GAZETTE. " A new theatrical journal called The Mask,,., seemsworthy of a really hearty welcome. There is not a page in it which is not interestingand stimulating in a fine way, and many are both ". &amp;The same journal, referring to The Mask\s championship of the Censor says, " awriter who takes his side strongly deserves gratitude, whatever his view may be; forit is only by Sincerity and Courage that the cause of Art can be usefully served."WESTMINSTER GAZETTE• " The Mask, by the way, is a quite remarkable,revolutionary magazine, which, unlike any purely theatrical magazine that I canrecollect, is rich in intelligence, eager discussion of theatrical affairs, treating dramaand the stage seriously as great matters of art, and striking fiercely against the ideathat a playhouse should be a mere place of entertainment." This " interestingmagazine is likely to have a great effect upon the drama of the future. There is notrace of somnolence in The Mask. &amp;?&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?•&amp; MORNING POST. •« Among the least expected editorial sallies are a protestagainst the stage treatment of religious subjects,... " Salome " is not forgotten....and the assertion " the censor is not only a blessing, he is a necessity." &amp;THE SPHERE- The Mask has now reached its fifth number. In the first placethe format is most engaging. It is a nice folio.... printed in a thick black type 011a rough paper. It contains many delightful woodcuts by Mr Craig of his own andother's composition.,., strange designs of beautiful simplicity which give new life tothe art of Bewick. As for the literary matter, it is a torrent of ideas. " &lt;£&gt;&amp; EIVERPOOI/ COURIER. " The Mask is a new " monthly journal of the art ofthe theatre ", and if anything were required to prove how deeply the possibilitiesof the drama are now impressing some of the most eager and imperative minds inEurope, the contents and appearance of its first number would provide evidence andto spare in a manner of the utmost dignity it attempts to " bring before anintelligent public many ancient and modern aspects of the Theatre's art, which havebeen too long disregarded or forgotten," We wish The Mask a longer life thanambitious periodicals of the kind are generally permitted to enjoy.""The second number of The Mask has now reached us from its Florentine printingplace, and by the delicacy of its format, the pleasantness and dignity of its types, thecareful excellence with which its illustrations have been reproduced, the characterof the illustrations themselves, and the curious distinction and sincerity of its literarycontents, it seems to prove that the artistic centre of Europe has once again shiftedto Italy. JSO? JS&amp;Mr HAI/DANE MACFAEE in THE DAIEY GRAPHIC. " For one among us whointerested in the art of painting a dozen are beckoned to the Theatre; yet, oddlyenough, while painting has its several sumptuous magazines, the theatre has not oneworthy of it. From today we are to be rid of this unseemliness, for The Mask, from its headquarters in Florence, makes its first appearance here and throughout Europeto do for the Art of the Theatre what The Studio has essayed to do for the arts ofpainting and of sculpture and of the crafts allied thereto. It is to be the mouthpieceof a group of young men of distinction upon the Continent, whose work is devotedto the theatre and to all that the theatre means.... men without fanaticisms as tovague " reforms " of the theatre so much as urged by the aim of ridding the theatreof certain ugly defects and weaknesses. Undoubtedly its staff is a strong one.... Theresults ought, to say the least of it, to be vastly interesting, for the personality ofthe man whose artistry influences its pages has already cast that influence over thetheatre of Germany and Italy and Russia—particularly of Germany." &amp;THE LADY'S PICTORIAL. "Not playgoers alone, but all who are interestedin the art of the theatre will welcome No. I of a characteristically unconventionalshilling magazine called The Mask, published in Florence.... In format, in type, incontents, The Mask is unique. &amp; &amp;OXFORD CHRONICLE* " The Mask " a highly aesthetic production, withits blunt type on rough paper, its wide margins, its wood-cuts, initials, and tailpieces, and its artistic cover in green and black. " &amp; &amp;THE SUNDAY CALL, EASTON Pa. U. S. A. "Here is tbe finest magazine ofits kind in the world.... I commend The Mask to all those who think they see thedawn of a New Theatre in America." &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; MANCHESTER GUARDIAN. " The Mask continues to provide interesting,provocative, and debatable matter for those who care about the theatre." &amp;&amp; PUBLISHERS CIRCULAR. " The July number is the fifth of a new Artmagazine, entitled The Mask, which is printed in English in Italy and does greatcredit to the Tipografia Bodoniana of E. Morandi of Florence. It is a bold foliopage,.... the print has dignity, the get-up distinction, and the text, so far as we areable to judge, is worthy of its handsome setting. Somehow one gets the impressiontha to some extent The Mask exists to make known the aims and ideals of MrGordon Craig;... that they are sane and sensible ideas is shown, we think, by hisanswers to the Editorial questions." (Realism and the Actor &amp;&amp; PARIS AMERICAN. "I have received a double number, that is to say, thenumbers for May and June bound in one, of a singularly clever magazine. It iscalled The Mask, is in its fifth month and is devoted to the Art of the Theatre. Amore artistic publication it is not possible to make. It is artistic in design, in paper,in letter-press, in color, in illustration, in its articles. Art peeps out of every pore.Pile the adjective artistic mountain high, in its positive, comparative and superlativedegrees, upon e\ ery conceivable aspect of this magazine, and you will not be excessivenor will you break the back of any noun. Its thought is strong and fearless. It hasa staff of strong writers and clever artists." JZ?&amp; THE NEW AGE. " The Mask is the most beautiful magazine published. " &amp;WHAT'S ON. " The Mask, devoted to the art of the sordid mass of montly literaturealready in circulation. " &amp;MICHAEL MONOHAN, (The Papyrus. East Orange, New Jersey U. S. A.Jwrites, " The Mask is brave, brilliant and inspiring." &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Mr MARTIN HARVEY writes, "Your most delightful and significant journal."Miss ELLEN TERRY writes. " What a splendid number of The Mask thislast is! " &amp; Mr EDWARD HUTTON writes. " I think The Mask improves every time yousend it to me". jg? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE by JULIUS OLIVER CONTENTS &amp; AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY&amp; &amp; CHARACTER AND THE ACTOR by J. MARTIN HARVEY. THE BERLINTHEATRE by JOHN BALANCE. J0 THE OPINIONS ON THE SUBJECT OF " REALISMAND THE ACTOR OF ELLEN TERRY, YVETTE QUILBERT AND FELIX DUQUESNEL. uS?BOOK REVIEWS. £&gt; FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; ENGRAVINGS by JULIUSOLIVER, GORDON CRAIG, CHARLES BORROW AND OTHERS. CHARACTER AND THE ACTOR by J. Martin Harvey. am reminded at this moment of an account which wasrecently given to me of a young Irish poet who was calledupon to deliver a lecture upon the Drama. He was given,unfortunately for him, three months in which to prepareit. Had it been three days, a brilliant and illuminatingimpression would almost surely have been the result. Butwith the larger leisure of many weeks he was able to toilto Sieights from which the prospect of his subject could bescanned back to the beginning of tragedy in the Thespiancart of the Attic poet, six hundred years before the Christianera. From this remote period he traced its slow development,till after three solid hours the lecturer sat down with the apology that he had barely reached his subject. Our poet might have taken warning by theprolixity of Polonius, who, to prove Hamlet was mad, went back to the consideration of why44 day was day, " 44 night night," and 44 time was time," till he was bidden to proceed with 44more matter and less art." For, after all, time is time, and it seems to me that if 1 am torelease you at all to-day 1 must keep before me this fundamental truth and simplify myaddress.&amp; At the outset, however, I would pray for indulgence, for never was a task undertakenwith greater alacrity or the more heartily repented of at leisure. The consideration of44 Character and the Actor" is as fascinating as the width of the subject is appalling.Pondering upon the matter I become aware that the consideration embraces 44 Characterand Art," and on that road where is one to stop?&amp; And yet, that I may present my reflections in order, I must first consider the nature ofthe art of acting. I take it for granted that acting is an art. I know this has been disputed;never, I think, by a great thinker or of a great actor. I know of no definition of art whichis not essentially the definition of great acting. It would be as useless to deny that in muchacting there is little art, as there is little art in much painting and sculpture. &amp;&amp; Some have been found, it is true, to speak of the art of acting as a sham—Mr. AugustineBirrell, for instance. Well, the words 44 sham \ and 44 imitation " are synonymous, and Mr.Birrell, in his essay on Actors, in choosing the word 44 sham " is doing so purposely to belittlean art, in describing which Shakespeare has, with profound sympathy and understanding,chosen the word 44 imitation." And I will venture to say that in no way is the characterof a man more surely indicated than by his choice of words. All art is imitation—aA lecture delivered before the etbological Society, 3rd January 1908. representation of nature, or, if Mr. Birrell still prefers the expression, all art is a sham.What has the great French sculptor, Rodin, said? &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; " People tell me I create, that is not true. God alone creates, man but reveals. My one" effort is to * represent' what I find in God's creation—above all in the form of man, which" is the highest, most perfect of architectural constructions."&amp; If Rodin thinks thus highly of the representations of man's body, what does he think,I wonder, of the representations of man's soul, the province of the actor? Let us seek fora definition of this art of acting from one whose opinion is incontrovertible, from one wholived his life among them, inspired them to their loftiest efforts, the greatest humanunderstanding this world has known—let us seek of Shakespeare himself. &amp;&amp; We shall find it—the most luminous definition of the art of acting—in Hamlet's secondsoliloquy. He says:— "Is it not monstrous that this player hereBut in a fiction, in a dream of passionGould force his soul so to his own conceitThat from her working all his visage wanned."Then comes a description of the effect of the actor's art upon the vehicles of hisexpression. " Tears in his eyes, Distraction in 's aspect." And so on.I doubt whether a more subtle, or a more accurate description of the actor's mental andpsychical process at the moment of exercising his art will ever be expressed. &amp;How it is possible that an actor can " force his soul so to his own conceit," that tearswill spring to his eyes, that, in other words, his physical functions will operate involuntarily,and that his whole function will suit with forms to his conceit, may be even now somethingof a mystery. But though Shakespeare was not concerned for the moment with this question,he seems almost to have anticipated what may be the reason for the curious mental conditionof the actor when imitating Humanity. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; May I venture to suggest that an explanation of this psychical process may be found inthe discoveries of psychic research? The fact that " man is the microcosm of the universe "seems to have received additional proof by the evidence of recent researches in hypnoticsuggestion. It seems more and more clear that man is composed of many egos, if I may usethe expression, and as in hypnotic suggestion the subject will answer in keeping with anidentity of which in its normal condition it is unconscious, so in the exercise of his art byan actor, one off the innumerable egos of which he is composed will live before us, in theperson of the artist who has called up one off these separate identities. &amp; &amp; &amp;This is the explanation, it seems to me, of the creative element in the actor, this is whatShakespeare calls the " conceit," viz., the conception, what can be born, and to what herealized the actor could force his soul, This, it seems to me, is what, at its noblestand highest, is called inspiration. This is what Garrick speaks of when he says;—" I pronounce that the greatest strokes of genius have been unknown to the actor himself" till circumstances and the warmth of the scene have sprung the mine, as much to his own" surprise as to that of the audience." &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Sir Henry Irving, I think, has said that an actor, in the exercise of his art, is callingupon a certain duality of mind, and 1 would venture to go further and to suggest that theactor is myriad-minded, and that the greater number of egos he can express, and the morecompletely he can express the complex nature of each of these egos, the greater actor he is." 'Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus."The Dramatist would seem to possess the same capacity for sebMdentification with otherbeings, and in this light Shakespeare is the greatest of all artists, because he could expressan almost infinite number of egos and so completely that the man Shakespeare himself canonly be found by inference.&amp; When a great actor performs a part, he is the man he represents: it is not a questionof pretence, of assumption, of sham, of mimicry, it is one of his many egos, one of his owncreatures, which is speaking. I say " creature," for observe, ladies and gentlemen, Shakespeareallows to the actor the power to create. &amp;&amp; " Is it not monstrous that this player.... could force his soul so to his own conceit."&amp; Now observe another point in his definition, strikingly precise. " Force his soul"—nothis mind—his soul. His mind is not forced, that is calm, alert, critical, intent upon theexpression of his soul, intent upon the means he is using, upon his audience, upon the effect he is making, watching his creature, curbing him at times, noting the inflexions of his voice,storing up knowledge of technique. He has given birth to a creature and he watches himlive. " His whole function suiting with forms to his conceit." That is Shakespeare's definitionof the art of acting, and in the light of this brilliant illumination upon the subject w© maydisregard the poor little glimmer of Mr. Augustine Birrell's pronouncement, when he says," The art of acting is the art of mimicry, or the representation of feigned emotions calledup by sham situations." Such a little flicker of light upon the subject as this, is onlysufficient to make Mr. Birrell's own right honourable darkness visible.&amp; Those who had the privilege of hearing Mr. Walkley's address on " Some aspects of theModern Stage," will call to mind that he referred to the actor as " something less than aman "—whatever such a nebulous description as that may mean—and found that there was" something unmanly in the actor's making capital out of his physical advantages." ThatMr. Birrell should betray strange ignorance on a question of Dramatic art is not surprising,but that Mr. Walkley, who nightly sits in judgment upon plays and actors, should plumb alower depth of Philistinism even than Mr. Birrell, gives one furiously to think. During what" brain=storm " did Mr. Walkley utter this nonsense? What physical advantages did theypossess which made such unmanly creatures of Kean, of Garrick, of Robson, of Burbage, ofBetterton, of Dillon? If physical advantage enter into the question at all, and the greatFrench actor, Le Kain, does not even mention this as a requisite for the actor, the eminencewhich these men attained is a direct proof that physical advantages are not the actor's capital,for they triumphed in spite of the fact that they possessed none. The veriest tyro oftheatrical history knows that most of the great men and great women have succeeded onthe stage, in spite of their lack of physical advantages. But if they had possessed physicaladvantages why would it have been unmanly to use them? If this infantile argument heldgood, the " heavenly choir" of an Adelina Patti would be a subject for scorn, and thethunders of Demosthenes himself would have been unmanly, because he used the physicaladvantage of the voice which God had given him. &amp;&amp; Such arguments as those of Mr. Walkley and Mr. Birrell would not justify the time spenton their serious consideration were it not for this danger, that the unthinking may acceptsuch statements seriously, coming from men who may conceivably carry some authority.The wisdom and the wide tolerance of the generation we have the good fortune to livein have made it superfluous to defend either actors or their art. But occasionally, I takeit, an actor is justified in trying to explain something of the mysteries of his art, lest the" dicta " of such gentlemen as I have referred to come to be accepted by the unreflecting.If we cannot think for ourselves let us at least adopt the conclusions of great originalthinkers, and on the subject of the art of acting, let us adopt the conclusions of the world,rather than those of the chief Secretary for Ireland. In a word, let us accept Shakespeare'sdefinition of the art of acting and proceed. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Now, what of the actor himself? Can we speak of the actor himself? Which of theseinnumerable egos are we to speak of? We see the character which Shakespeare has created,but where is the man Shakespeare himself? You will find him in his work, in his artisticselection, in the theme of his tragedies, in the motive of his comedies. In a word, you willfind the man in his art. And there, too, you will find the actor. You will find the manbehind the actor in the guiding intelligence, the critical faculty, the artistic point of view,and that aspect of his own personal character which he brings to bear on his interpretations.Now an actor is called upon, or his own idiosyncrasy impels him, to interpret a varietyof beings, noble and ignoble. Do these interpretations affect the actor's character? Thatdepends, it seems to me, upon the strength of his own personal character. &amp;£&gt; Is his character tarnished by the exhibition of the ignoble, the unworthy? Not necessarily,not even, I think, frequently.&amp; Let us look for a moment at the worst period of the Restoration. It is astonishing thatthrough this morass of immorality any human being could walk unblemished; yet severalexamples of private worth at once spring forward among the interpreters of that incrediblycorrupt Drama which the morals of the period brought forth—Betterton, Mistress Bracegirdle,Mistress Saunderson, who later became Mistress Betterton. &amp; &amp;&amp; Says Mr. Clark Russell in his "Representative Actors —"It is almost impossible to44 believe that any woman could have been found to publicly pronounce some of the language 44 that is to be read in the plays of Dryden and Wycherly. Yet among the actresses in these44 and even worst dramas the reputations of some have been handed down to us as44 unimpeachable. Such was Mistress Betterton, such was Mistress Bracegirdle. Later on,44 when the licensing of plays cante in vogue, a fine was levied upon any actor or actress44 giving utterance to an immoral sentence. Among the first who were mulcted for this44 offence were Betterton and Mistress Bracegirdle." &amp;Betterton! for fifty-one years the pride of the English Theatre, a man who 44 off the stage,was/* says an article in the 44 Cornhil! Magazine " of 1862, 44 exemplary in his bearing, trueto every duty, as good a country gentleman on his farm in Berkshire as he was perfectactor in town." The venerable representative of all that was most honourable in the dramaof his day, fined for giving voice to the immorality of a play of Dryden's, yet whose privateworth was so little affected thereby, that Addison could say, that the name of 44 Bettertonought to be recorded with the same respect as Roscius among the Romans," and whose boneswere laid to rest by a grateful country in the Abbey at Westminster. &amp;Mistress Betterton! the mouthpiece of the indecencies of Nat Lee and Congreve, yet ofwhom Colley Gibber could write:— 44 She was the faithful companion of her husband and hisfellow labourer for five and forty years, and was a woman of unblemished and sober life."jgr Mistress Bracegirdle! that 44 Diana of the stage," as Dr. Doran calls her, and of whomhe gives us this delightful thumbnail sketch. Says he :— .£?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; 44 Before Mistress Bracegirdle, Congreve and Lord Lovelace, at the head of a troop of44 bodkined fops, worshipped in vain. The noblest of the troop, and it reckoned the Dukes44 of Devonshire and the Earl of Halifax, were wont at the coffeehouse and over a bottle, to44 extol the Gibraltar-dike virtue, if I may so speak, of this incomparable woman. 4 Come,'44 said Halifax, 4 you are always praising the virtue, why don't you reward the lady who will44 not sell it? 1 propose a subscription, and there are 200 guineas pour encourager les44 autresFour times that amount was raised, and with it the nobles, with their swords in44 their hands, waited on Mistress Bracegirdle, who accepted their testimonial, as it was44 intended, in honour of her virtue. 1 will only add that had Mistress Bracegirdle been44 rewarded for her charity, the recompense would have been at least as appropriate. For44 it is true of her, that when the poor saw her, they blessed her, and we may add, she richly44 merited their well-earned benedictions."Thus Dr. Doran. And so little was the private character of this lady injured by utteringthe gross indecencies of the Restoration Drama that Dibden declares her name was alwaysmentioned with 44 great respect, both on account of her public merit and her private virtues."Of the rank and file of the Restoration actors and actresses we naturally know lessthan of the conspicuous and representative example I have mentioned, but it is obvious thatin spite of the degrading material in which they worked, their characters might emergespotless. How was this possible? I venture to suggest that either the Ego which spoke inthese interpretations, was constantly controlled by the superior strength of their ownpersonal character, or that the 44 Dramatis Personse " of the Restoration Drama had no capacityto receive the breath of life which an actor can bestow upon them. That therefore the Egowas not called upon to live, and that those mere puppets of an hour required nothing morethan the voice and gesture of an actor to give them that slight semblance of reality whichwas necessary. For we must remember that the fame of Betterton rests, not on such pup- pets as the 44 Belvilles," the 44 Dorimants, and the 44 Lovemores," but on Hamlet, Lear andMacbeth. jg?&lt;&amp;/ To gather some illustrations nearer home, we are all aware that at a comparatively earlystage in his career Sir Henry Irving possessed almost a monopoly for the representation ofvillains, as the amiable Mr E. S. Willard also acquired a decade or so later. Can it becontended that the daily interpretation of passions which disgrace humanity, affected themoral fibre of either of these gentlemen? Surely not. I think we may safely conclude thatthe character of the actor or the actress is not necessarily degraded by the interpretationor voicing of what is unworthy.And what of the other side of the question? Does the constant illustration of all that isnoble, tolerant, charitable and high-minded, help to refine and to elevate the character ofthe illustrator? I think it does. In support of this opinion we have the overwhelmingevidence of Sir Henry Irving, who said that he never performed the part of Becket9 without feeling a better man after it. It seems to me that we must return to the same conclusion. Itis the character of the man behind the actor which is the determining factor. A man ofintrinsic or acquired high-mindedness and honesty can come scatheless through work whichmay be degrading, and may add to his own beauty of character by contact with what is noble.I am aware that to many enlightened minds, it would appear superfluous to assert this,but I would ask any such to consider that there may still be found those who, from love ofadvertisement, from motives of envy and Jealousy misrepresent the influence upon the actorof the exercise of his art.&amp; It is with this consideration in view that I would to your remembrance one of themost remarkable instances of the steady development of character side by side with thesteady prosecution of the art of acting. I refer to Shakespeare himself. It does not seem tohave been widely realised, until Mr. Sidney Lee pointed it out, that Shakespeare 44 remaineda prominent member of the actors' profession till near the end of his life." Of the partshe played we have only scanty knowledge, though we have reason to believe they wereimportant. I cannot do better than quote Mr. Sidney Lee's words:— &amp; &amp;44 That Shakespeare chafed under some of the conditions of the actors' calling is commonly" inferred from the 'Sonnets.' There he reproaches himself with becoming * a motley to the44 view,' and chides fortune for having provided for Ms livelihood nothing better than 4 public44 means that public manners breed,' whence his name received a brand. If such self-pity is to44 be literally interpreted, it only reflected an evanescent mood. His interest in all that44 touched the efficiency of his profession was permanently active. His highest ambitions lay,44 it is true, elsewhere than in acting, and at an early period of hjs theatrical career he44 undertook, with triumphant success, the labours of a playwright. But he pursued the44 profession of an actor loyally and uninterruptedly until he resigned all connection with44 the theatres within a few years of his death. "&lt;£? And to digress, perhaps, a little, we may say: 44 How well he knew them!" Theirfaults, their weaknesses, their powers of imagination, their humour, their complex anddifficult art. Is there one word of scorn for his calling—with the exception of this onepassage Mr. Sidney Lee quotes from the sonnets? that, too, written when a young man—andthe meaning of which is still disputed. One word of scorn for his fellow-members of thatcalling, through whose medium his creatures were to be re-animated with the gift of 44 formand moving " ? Not one, I think. Shakespeare's references to his fellow actors are alwaysmade with the tenderness and charity of true knowledge and actual experience. And yethow he must have suffered at their hands! The members of the Globe Theatre Companywere not all Burbages, Alleynes or Hemminges. What pigmies must his creatures some- times have appeared in flesh and blood, beside his own sublime imagination! What inevitableheart-burnings must there have been among his company, as each fresh play was cast.What was said when the author, himself a fellowplayer, was announced to appear as theGhost in 44 Hamlet"? In spite of it all, how deeply he must have been beloved by his associates,when Hemming© and Condell, his fellow actors, seven years after his death, brought togetherhis precious manuscripts for publication; not for pecuniary gain, scarcely it would seemwith a full understanding of the genius of the poet, but in the enthusiasm of their love fortheir dead comrade. What is the uppermost thought in their minds? What are the wordsof their dedication? 44 To keepe the memory of so worthy a Friend and Fellow alive, as wasour Shakespeare." Nor did Shakespeare, In his will, forget his old comrades in art. 44 Toeach of his 4 fellows ' John Hemminge, Richard Burbage and Henry Condell, he leaves twenty- six shillings and eight pence with which to buy memorial rings." &amp; &amp; &amp;This apparent digression, it seems to me, proves much. Here was the greatest creativeartist that ever lived, not only maturing his stupendous powers as a dramatist, living inbeloved, and loving comradeship with his fellow-actors, 44 pursuing," as Mr. Sidney Lee says,44 the profession of an actor loyally and uninterruptedly," but at the same time developinghis own character. &amp; &amp;&amp; Says Professor Dowden in his subtle and fascinating work, 44 Shakespeare, his mind andart":— 44 It is clearly ascertainable from his plays and poems that Shakespeare's will grewwith advancing age, beyond measure, calmer and more strong." In other words, Shakespearewas gaining that 44 captaincy of the soul " which the dramatic critic of 44 The Times " hasaffirmed is what a man must necessarily lose in the exercise of an actor's calling. Is there any reason why the " captaincy of the soul" may fee lost in the practice of theactor's art? None, because the man is an artist, None, because the work of his life is theimitation of humanity.jg/ Here, ladies and gentlemen, I think I might leave this portion of my reflections. Reflectionssketchy and immature, I greatly fear. I would call them suggestions rather than conclusions.Suggestions which may lead perhaps other and more capable students to enlarge upon, andmay I venture to propose a subject to Shakespearian scholars—a subject hitherto almostdisregarded, viz., "Shakespeare, the actor?" It seems curious that this side of Shakespeare'slife should not have invited more consideration and research. Might I venture to hope thatMr. Sidney Lee, who has touched upon the subject in his delightful biography, will, someday, greatly enlarge our knowledge of this side of Shakespeare's life; all important, it seemsto me, when we consider the fact that the practice of his profession as an actor must haveabsorbed by far the greater portion of his days, and that his character and outlook uponlife were developing in the midst of daily devotion to this calling. &amp; &amp;And now I would dwell for a little upon the question—To what extent is acting affectedby character? 1 am not sure that such poor reflections as I will try to express do notequally apply to character and all art. I find myself continually seeking illustrations from thearts of painting, sculpture and dramatic literature. The conviction I would like to impart is of greater importance than art. It is m &gt;reimportant to the world at large. I feel it is more important even to the artist himself. £?It seems to me a right instinct which urges people to seek for the man behind the artist.Is the instinct which urges people to accept charily the artist who works alone for art'ssake, also right? Perhaps it is. jg?&amp; At the moment when man began to express himself through a piece of work, art began,and in recognising a work of art, we recognise the mind and character of the man whowrought it. And that mind and character is never stationary. It is either developing ordeteriorating. I might venture the suggestion that at the moment that art is practised solelyfor the sake of art, decadence has set in, decadence of character, and hence, it seems tome, of art. There seems a subtle truth in Eleonora Duse's words, when she says:—&amp; " If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the" fields has power to move you, rejoice, for your soul is alive; and then aspire to learn that" other truth—that the least of what you receive can be divided. To help and share—that is"the sum of all knowledge, that is the meaning of &amp; &amp; &amp;Now, the artist who practises art for art's sake does not share with humanity at large.He is apt to keep his point of view and his sense of beauty to himself, or to share onlywith a few equally exclusive fellow-artists. &amp;" The Herd," as humanity at large is so often referred to by these elect, are scorned,and it seems to me that the really great artists love humanity and do not scorn it.jgr A similar companionship was that old Bohemianism which, in addition to being acomradeship in artistic endeavour was largely a protest against, and a defiance of the realitiesof daily life. Such defiance one may be excused for taking to be an indication of someweakness in the character. I think he is a stronger man who can admit the claims of factwhile practising the imitation of nature or humanity, than he who dodges a dun in a ecstaticdisregard of his duties as a simple citizen. The most incorrigible Bohemian, the mostprecious and exclusive in the Brotherhood of the Elect, might well reflect, perhaps, thatwhile Shakespeare was projecting the greatest tragedies in literature, he was also suingPhilip Rogers, at Stratford=on»Avon, for L i 9s. iod., due to him for malt supplied.I would again return to Professor Dowden's reference to the development of Shakespeare'smind and art in comparison with that of his early contemporaries, Marlowe and Green.Calling our attention to the reckless Bohemianism of the last-named ill-balanced but brilliantDramatic artists, he says:— "It must have appeared to Shakespeare (who well understood" honest frolic) a poor affair, a flimsy kind of idealism—this reckless knocking of a man's" head against the solid laws of the universe. The protest against our subjections to law" made by such men as Marlowe and Green, was a vulgar and superficial protest."&amp; What was the end of the Bohemian Marlowe? An ignominious death in a tavern brawl—that of the greater artist, who had won the captaincy of his soul, through that nobledevelopment of his mind and art " which was based on a resolute fidelity to the facts of life," an honoured retirement upon his estate at Stratford - on-Avon.And I will venture to say that the cultivation of the character is of more consequenceto the actor than to any other artist. &amp; &amp;The loss of character is the loss of self®discipline, and the actor's self-discipline is moretried than in any other art. The poet in his retreat, the sculptor and the artist in thequiet of their studios, know nothing of the difficulties of performing their work amidst thedistractions of that busy hive of activity, the modern theatre. The very irritability whichis a necessary condition of an actor's nervous system, renders him doubly susceptible to theloss of his self-restraint. The very applause of an audience night after night, tests his sense ofproportion, and makes it trebly difficult but trebly important that he should discipline hisemotions and control his highly®wrought nervous organisation. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; That " Imitation of Humanity," which Shakespeare describes as the actor's art is a constantassault upon a due recognition of the " solid laws of the universe ". The imitation of humanitymay so easily become confused with the facts of humanity, that he may lose that sanity ofmind, without which his character cannot develop. In the Sight of his cherished imitationof Macbeth the butcher's bill may easily become a prosaic and negligible quantity. Thepower to imitate humanity—that art which Voltaire has described as the most difficult ofall arts—must be balanced with a knowledge and an understanding of the facts of actualdaily life. Without this balance the character deteriorates, and thus, slowly but certainly,the deterioration is visible in his work, and the end is reached in bitterness andblind conflict with those very imperturbable facts which he has ignored or defied.*£? The artist's fate is in his own hands. There is nothing in the imitation of humanity ornature which brings inevitable deterioration, &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Betterton went further and thought a strict preparatory discipline of the character beforeadopting the stage as a profession was essential. For, he says, "there is no manner of doubt" but that the lives and Characters of those Persons, who are the Vehicles, as I may call them," of these Instructions must contribute very much to the impression the Fable and Mora! will" make. For to hear Virtue, Religion, Honour, recommended by a Sinner, an Atheist, or a" Rake, makes them a Jest to many People, who would hear the same done with Awe by" Persons of known Reputation in those Particulars." Such preparation of his mental state, as this of Betterton's, when he was to becomethe interpreter of a great character, is not unusual. It is not, I hope, unbecoming in meto speak of a very remarkable instance of such mental, I may almost say spiritual, preparation.&amp; When Sir Henry Irving played " Hamlet," he deliberately lived the life almost of ananchorite. So solemn a charge he held his interpretation, so essential did he consider thefine poise of his spirit while being the medium of so great a creation, that throughout therun of the Shakesperian tragedy at the Lyceum Theatre, he purposely refrained fromindulging in any social distractions, or allowing his mental equilibrium to be disturbed froma sweet serenity and a continual self-restraint, jg? &lt;£?&amp; Here is a picture on the reverse side. An actor was to make his appearance in a roleof not less importance than " Hamlet," The night came, the theatre was only half filled,and many of the critics were so little interested, that their seats were empty or occupiedonly during a portion of the evening. The actor's pride was wounded, the empty seats galledhim, a taint of irritability and defiance grew through his representation, he lost his self®restraint, and he failed. Not, I take it, that he did not understand his creature, but a lowerside of his own nature gradually obtruded itself, and stained the fine qualities of the noblecreature he was representing. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; To those artists who have not realised the necessity of developing their own character,in order that it may speak through their work, how inexplicable, how heart=breaking itmust be, when they find that the practice of their art has carried them to a certain pointand never further. In spite of perfect technique, great intelligence, long experience, physicalendowment, their audiences are unmoved; while another artist, with these qualificationspossessed only to a limited extent, will enter profoundly into their affections—and why?For ever and ever, it seems to me, the same reason. This one possesses already, or hasachieved by the development of character, sympathy, and love of humanity, while to theother, humanity has been an object of scorn. It is the character of the actor which isspeaking in his interpretations. As Duse has said:— &amp;&lt;£?&amp;&amp;&amp; &amp; " The artist«actor gives the best of himself—through his interpretations he unveils hisinner soul." &amp;&amp; May I paraphrase the dictum once pronounced by a dramatic author on the essentialsof pSay=writing? He said there were three. First, Construction—Second, Construction-Third, Construction! Then I would say of the essentials for the building up of an actor thatthey are Character, Character, Character! &amp; jg? &amp;Yes, it seems to me that it is a right instinct which urg ;s us to seek the man in hiswork. According to our discovery do we place him in our hearts and affections, or in ourintelligence, and no one can doubt that it was the heart and the affection of the nationwhich spoke, when it demanded that Sir Henry Irving should be laid to rest in the Abbeyat Westminster.I know, of course, that many actors of genius, possessed, too, of great qualities of heart,do not repose in Westminster Abbey—that their end was obscure, unhonoured. Why?Because the unthinking world has sometimes spoken slightingly of a life devoted to Art?Never! Because of the medium in which they worked? Never! But because in the sadinstances I have in my mind, for reasons into which it were only painful to inquire, theyhad step by step lost that " captaincy of the soul," by vices acquired or of the blood whichfinally left them 44 lagging superfluous." Because, in a word, their characters had deteriorated.The train of thought which this consideration opens up covers too vast a field for meto pursue, I only touch upon it to enforce my conviction that the actor in imitating Humanityis largely dominated by one of his many egos, and that he, in turn, must acquire the forceof character to keep in subjection the worse or ignoble traits of these egos. Let us followthe advice of old Cronus to his son, 44 My boy, paint what you see, but if it is only a pigsty,dignify it." And as we hang the picture of the pigsty on our walls and look at it with everfresh delight, let us remember that the work of art gives us Joy because we see the characterof the man behind the art, who has purposely selected the beautiful side of his subject anddisregarded the base. &amp;&amp; The power of an actor of well=disciplined character over his audience is immense; thatpower, as Sir Theodore Martin has said, is "divine in its origin." May I quote .anothereloquent passage from the same brilliant and rarely endowed critic;— &amp;"The power of his genius, which has been reflected to him in the palpable emotion or" ringing plaudits of his audience, has opened up to them a world of poetry and emotion, which," but for him, they would never have known. His 6so potent art' has awakened them to a" knowledge of their own hearts, 4 shown them noble lights in their own soul.' It has lifted44 them for a time above the commonplace of their daily life; it has widened the sphere of44 their sympathies, flashed light upon the conceptions of the greatest poets which has made44 them living realities, and in doing this, it has communicated impulses which may exercise44 a lasting influence for good on the lives of thousands. Not in vain has he lived, who owes44 such success to having wrought with a pure aim to turn to the highest account thespecial gift of genius."If ever there was an actor to whom these eloquent words could apply it is to my greatmaster, Sir Henry Irving. Never, perhaps, was there an actor whose character, one feltinstinctively, was more highly and nobly developed through his art. &amp; &amp;&amp; Ladies and gentlemen, I was for fifteen years under him, and was never nearer to him,in one sense, than the veriest boy in the gallery of his theatre. There was somethingenigmatical, mysterious and baffling about him. But it was because, through his art, I wasunconsciously brought face to face with his soul, his great, enduring, steadfast soul, thatI adored him. It was for the same reason that the English people adored him, and it is forhis steadfast soul, rather than his rare accomplishments, that his name will be imperishable.If our Saviour has sometimes puzzled us because, during His ministry on this earth, Hesaid nothing about art, we may be sure that it was not because He ignored the supremeimportance of Art in our daily life; but because His first care was for the character and Hemust have known that if the character is noble, noble Art will follow. &amp; &amp; The da u getof prolixity, The Subject. Rodin * A luminousdefinition* Many egos. Garr i c k The greatestof artists, Shake speare} sdefinition. Mr. Birrell &amp;Mr. Walk ley. t, e K a i n . The actorhims e 1 f . The RestorationDrama . Betterton. MistressBetter ton. MistressBracegirdle. The ran ka n d file. Sir IlenryIrving. The influence of 44 Becket Mr Sidney I&lt;ee. Shakespeareas actor. His fellowactors. Proofs ofaffection. D evel op me litof character. Acting &amp;Chara c t e r. The originof art . Bleonora Dusc. Sharing withh u ni a n it y. Bohemian ism. Marlowe &amp;Green . Self discipline* Imitation ofh u m a n i ty. Betterton* Irving's self\~d i s c i p line* The reversepict u r e . Arrestedprogress . Three e s°*sen tials. The manbehind thework, jg? Sir TheodoreMartin. The secret ofIrving* s power. THE BERLIN THEATRE by John Balance great energy characterises the Berlin Theatre. This is itsbest quality. Some of the old-fashioned theatres presentingpieces in the traditional manner are good. These theatresbelieve in the old-fashioned way of acting, that is to say, theactors deliver their lines grandiloquently or simply, but neverinsigniflcently. Their scenery is grandiose and often succeedsin being fine. They change their plays very often and theypresent those plays in a more or less unmutilated condition.The Meiningin theatre taught them much which they have notforgotten. On the other hand there has sprung up lately a theatrewhich is called the Moderne theatre, a kind of up-to-date affairwhich succeeds in being up to date and very little else. This theatre also has energy, and in so far as it possesses this energy it deserves unqualifiedpraise. It does not go to sleep: it may be described as a wide-awake theatre. &amp; &amp;&amp; What a pity it is that this activity of the Moderne theatre in Berlin is not able to produceanything resembling a work of art; for the truth is that the Moderne theatre is withoutgreat actors, without what may be called sumptuous productions. &amp; &amp;&amp; Added to this, the Moderne theatre is anything but original: it poses as being " original ".It derives its ideas from foreign lands, it makes a poor copy of these ideas, and it servesthese ideas up to the public for the most part as though they were its own. in one or twoinstances it has acknowledged the source of these ideas, which it fondly belives it has annexedand improved on, although it is obvious to anyone of artistic feeling that the copy is aspoor as copies generally are.&amp; Now the theatre which offends most in the way I have described is the Deutches Theaterin Berlin. First, it derives its ideas entirely from foreign countries, from Russia and England.Secondly, it presents these ideas in a tasteless way. Thirdly, although it possesses manyvery capable actors it possesses no great actor or actress. Fourthly, its productions may bedescribed as the opposite of sumptuous. &amp; &amp;&amp; Now let us consider these points one by one. &amp;Its most grave offence is its lack of originality and therefore of inspiration. As with allimitations, the productions at the Deutches Theater lack fire. They seem but faint echoes ofsomething else. They may be good enough for the good folk in Berlin, who perhaps do not knowthe difference between the beauty of an original and the emptiness of a copy, but it willnot do for other lands where the critics have informed themselves as to the originators ofthe ideas presented. The critic, on seeing a realistic performance at the Deutches Theaterknows that it has been derived from the art theatre in Moscow of which Mr Stanislowsky isthe head, and on seeing a performance of a poetic play they will know that the ideas havebeen derived from Mr Gordon Craig of England. &lt;£? &amp; &amp; &amp;Now this is not merely a chance statement, for the director of the Deutches Theater hashimself admitted as much. Upon the production of the " Winter's Tale "in Berlin the director,Herr Reinhardt, was heard to say that at last they had been able to produce a play in justthe same way as Mr Craig is famous for. The statement, not very creditable to theDeutches Theater, was made in a triumphant tone, Mr Craig having refused to produceanything at this theatre, although he was invited five times to produce different playsthere. Mr. Craig was asked to produce "The Tempest," "Caesar and Cleopatra" by Bernad Shaw,"King Lear," the "Orestaiea," "Macbeth," and in two cases the management even went so faras to send him the contract. But the conditions imposed by a management preferring bad tasteto distinction always prevented him from being able to respond to them. And so the manager,after having visited Mr Craig's studio with artist friends and carefully studied his work,goes back and commissions one of these artists who had visited the studio with him to makesome imitations of Mr Craig's work. Although this was the first time the manageracknowledged " borrowing ", ....to call it by a nice name.... this was not the first time theimitation had been made. The first time was in " Salome when Mr Craig's earliest workwas imitated. Later on it was " Twelfth Night &amp; Now the curious part of all this is that with the Germans there is an idea that if a maninvents something it is public property and may be copied by any one, no matter howbadly. The only actual harm it does is to the nation which indulges in this license. It preventsit from ever exercising its own imagination. Its work therefore becomes stodgy rather thanathletic, Still, as I have said before, this reveals an energy which is rare in most otherlands.The most famous German imitation of the methods employed by the Russians in theirstaging of a realistic play, is in the case of 44 Nachtasyla rather poor example being themanner in which " Frishlings Erwachen " was produced. When this Russian theatrical companyvisited Berlin with their whole productions one might have supposed that the Germanswould have been abashed. Not at all, They were heard saying, 44 We did this before or44 You see we have the same ideas ". But the critic, that is to say, one who is not hasty inhis judgments, will see all the difference between the production by Mr Stanislowsky of arealistic play and one by the Deutches Theater. &amp; Perhaps the most vulgar production which is to be laid to the account of the DeutchesTheater is that of the 44 Merchant of Venice ". This production is nothing short of dreadful;and for the following reasons. It is a jumble of cheap realism and sentimentality, for poetrygone to seed is sentimentality. They tried to turn this masterpiece, with its wonderfulmusic and poetry, into an up=to=date bit of fun. Thus all the poetry of the lines was lost,all the poetry of movement lost, all the poetry of of diction lost, all the poetry of scenelost and all the poetry of feeling lost. &amp; We have the old and traditionally fine actor, Schildkraut, as Shylock: we see him battlingagainst these terrible odds. Here and there he produces for 11s the old feeling of the play,which the management is all the time trying to destroy. What can be thought of aproduction of this play where the actors are told to create an impression of realism bygabbling their lines as though they were at the street corner down in some disreputableneighbourhood in the Bowery? The men all smack each other on the back just as if theywere going to say, 44 What's yours, old chap? or 44 Mine's a whisky and soda ". And, mindyou, this includes Bassanio, Graziano, Lorenzo and all the distinguished gallants of thepeerless imagination of Shakespeare 1... !... Horribie!&amp; Then we have Portia, and a train of girls giggling and smirking about the differentsuitors who are coming to woo Portia. Instead of the lady of Belmont, that extraordinarycreation of Shakespeare, we have a not very distinguished shop girl surrounded by hercompanions. They deliver their lines about the approach of the suitors just as any bevy ofill=bred girls would giggle, 44 Ow, 'ere 'e comes! Ow, I sy! Don't be so silly! Go on!" Andthis is no exaggeration. Anything more vulgar than the young people in this play is impossibleto conceive. May it is what the management calls 44 making the thing vivacious". NoFrench management would have been guilty of such a sin against good taste. It revealedin a flash, the class of mind which directs the performances of the theatre. The suitorsthe Prince of Morocco and Bassanio, when they arrived, justified the behaviour of thesegirls. It was like a lottery in which a woman was the prize. That is not theimpression which Henry Irving created when he produced the play; nor Mr Daly nor MrBeerbohm Tree. Neither was it the impression which should be produced. &amp;The court of justice was another parody. That amazing scene, which America and Englandwitnessed in its perfection when presented by Henry Irving and his company was madeludicrous and common. In vain did Shylock attempt to bring seriousness into therepresentation. The management were determined to turn it into a farce. Thus we havePortia with a beard and moustache, strutting about like a very small turkey cock, and arow of fool'sh looking senators all shaking their heads about nothing, and a rowdy lot ofGermans pretending to be distinguished Italians of the 16th century, but shouting andgesticulating as though they were on a field of battle delivering orders. Shakespeare,who had drawn either a Jew who was fierce or a Jew who was much wronged, had in thistheatre to put up with a Jew who was a fool, for none but a fool would associate with arowdy crew of irresponsible young men and misses as this Jew was made to do.I can only think that their reason for doing this, was, that they thought they were treatingit in a 44 realistic " manner, which of course is not the right treatment. And even here weshould not have minded so much if the Shylock or the Portia had been interpreted by a superlatively great actor or actress. But this was not the case: neither would it have beenpossible for a great actor to prove his quality in such surroundings. Herr Schildkrautnot being the manager of the theatre was handicapped by the stage manager. In any othertheatre his performance would have been valued and all else would have given way for it.&amp; The production of the Merchant of Venice, ....the scenery, lighting, costume, etc. can besaid to have been done better elsewhere. Henry Irving did it a thousand times better andin a far more original manner, and that was twenty eight years ago. &amp; &amp;Critics, considering the value of a poetic stage production, should bear in mind that thefirst quality necessary is that distinction which Irving was so well able to bring into all his workno matter if it were only in the choice of a costume or in the performance of a part. Nothing withhim was hurridly done. All the characters must be of the Shakespearian breed, must have thestamp of Shakespeare on them. All the scenes must have the colour and the grace ofShakespeare's comedy, not the dowdy clumsiness of low class modern life. &amp;&amp; And so you see in spite of the imitations which the Deutches theater goes in for, theyare neither realistic like Stanislosky nor idealistic like Craig. In the case of the " Salome "they had the same vast blue sky cloth which Mr Craig first introduced in Londonin 1900 and which he repeated in many of his other productions on account of thetragic quality of the colour. And instead of being content with this they heapeda lot of bad architectural doors and pillars round about, they filled the stage withshouting actors whose movements were crude and modern, and a German lady was told toperform the part of Salome. But the draw back of the German actor and actress is thatthey can only do that which they have thought out; they must always "think out" whatthey do. The result was that Salome's performance was invested with a little " thought out"passion. Instead of the performance which a Mimi Aguglia would have given us, a thing soabandoned that by its very force it leapt the gulf betwixt vulgarity and the terrible, theGerman lady was content to remain on this side of the chasm and to represent for ussomething which was lifeless,&amp; And now the productions. They may be described as "cheap",... possibly because theyare cheap, though this does not follow. The Germans, unlike the Americans, arefrightened of spending money, and there is a particular kind of theatrical management thatshakes in its shoes at the idea of spending money, though it demands its fair pound of fleshin return from the poor martyred audience. I should not be surprised if the management ofthe Deutches Theater could be classed in this category. &amp; &amp; &amp;The actors cannot be accused of looking very thin, but, on the other hand the productionis extremely thin; and the idea is forced upon us that perhaps, perhaps, this theatre is runso as to bring in a fat income to some man or group of men who, not content with makingmoney by legitimate means, turn to the arts and squeeze the artists and the art of its life'sblood.&amp; We know there are many such theatres in the world, and they are a disgrace to themanagement which permits such a system. &amp; Here again we are forced to speak of HenryIrving. It was not his habit to be what is called " stingy " or to stint anything, no matterhow costly, towards the attainment of what he considered perfection. That and that aloneis the right attitude for a management to take, and if they are not able to run the theatrewith their own money they should only accept capitalists whe are willing to agree to theseconditions. Capitalists who possess the same spirit as the old patrons,... lovers and supportersof the Dramatic art, not capitalists who drain the resources of a theatre at the same time asthey pretend to support it. These are odious to all right spirited actors, actresses ortheatrical managers, and the loan of their mere money is death to the theatre.No, the Deutches Theater is by no means an ideal theatre although we may give itunqualified praise for its energy. How this energy will be appreciated when the companyvisits New York in the spring remains to be seen, for the American public have alreadyseen how Shakespeare ought-to be played, and they have seen Henry Irving, Salvini, MadameDuse, Sarah Bernhardt and Ellen Terry. One thing is quite clear from all this. TheDeutsches Theater is not today one of the first theatres in Europe when judged by artisticstandards: and its business transactions are.... well, queer, to say the least of " it " is rightgrammar I believe. The &lt;s Modetne "The a tie , It poses as" Original " The " DeutchesTheater. " Its lack ofOriginality. Imitations ofCraig's work. The dangerof copying. The 44 Merchantof Venice. }&gt; Schildki a atas 44 Shylock " A German44 Portia " The courtof justice. A mistakentreatment. A necessaryquality . " Salome " " Cheap "production s. The capitalist. Not an ide a 1theatre . REALISM AND THE ACTOR.AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM this subject, which has aroused so much discussion,and upon which opinions have been gathered fromleading authorities in England, France, Germany, Austria,Holland, we now print the last three replies which havereached us,.... those of Miss ESSen Terry, Madam YvetteGuilbe and M. F£lix Du Quesnel. &amp; &amp; THE QUESTIONS. I. Do you consider Realism in acting to be a frank representationof human nature? II. In your opinion should the Actor be allowed the same libertyin his expression of the Passions, as is permitted to theWriter or the Painter?III. Do you think that Realism appeals to the General Publicor only to a limited section of Playgoers ? &amp; THE ANSWERS. Ellen Terry London.I. I dislike Realism as the word seems to be understood today. Reality seems to beill»expressed by means of Realism, for reality seems to me to be more than merebrutality, and Realism is often only this. It is called " Holding the mirror up toNature " whereas, it seems to me to be lowering the mirror so as to reflect the inferiordetails of human nature. Acting should not be a frank representation of humannature.II. I do not think an actor should be allowed the same liberty in the expression of thepassions as is permitted to the writer and the painter. He should, in time, if possible,follow the laws which have guided the architect and the musician. JS?III. As for the Public,... the Public should beware and undertake its responsibilities. I hopeI am not deceived in believing that the Public will follow an actor or a manager whoseaim is for the highest. Yvette Guilbert Paris. I. Impossible de considerer sur la scene, le realisme absolu, tel quel existe dans la naturehumaine, pour la bonne raison que la nature humaine est sincere, dansses expressions,et que Fart dramatique n'est qu'une eternelle parodie des sentiments. Parodie des&amp;tres, qui ne sont jamais en verite ce qu'ils disent au public etre. Parodie des decors,qui ne sont jamais des Verites, mais des toiles peints pour parodier la nature, et des boutsde bois pour parodier des chateaux. Le soleil et le jour et la nuit sont des trues delumiere, les visages des heros ne sont que des images resultant des maquillages, riennulle part ne reste Vrai, Nature, et tout dans Fart du theatre est mensonge! L'amour, lahaine, les pleurs, les rires, tout est factice. L'art du comedien consiste •* a nous fairecroire " a des mensonges. Done le Realisme n' est point possible dans cet art inferieura cause de son manque de verite; on s'en approche, on ne Fatteint pas. L'art ducomedien n'est point un art; le comedien n'est point un artiste. II excelle a imiter, arendre la pensde d'autrui; il ne cree rien; il ne mets qu'un peu de couleur sur undnorrne dessin sans le quel il ne peut rien! II anime un enfant mort,... voila son seulmerite; mais on lui fournit Fenfant! et la est Finferiority d'un tel art. &amp; II. Oui, Tacteur a droit a la rneme liberte que les peintres ou les ecrivains d'exprimer lespassions. L/ecrivain se sert de mots, Tacteur a le droit d* employer " I,es mots." Lepeintre se sert des conleurs; Tacteur se sert des couleurs de sa voix, une voix claire,rouge, exprimera le triomphe, la joie: Une voix sombre, noiie, la douleur: une voixgaie, rose, la jeunesse: une voix tendre, dorde, ardente, de feu, Tamour: ...done lesprecedes de Tecrivain et du peintre servent Tacteur et T autorisent a prendre les memesliberies.Iff. 1,6 Realisme, je le repete, n'existe pas sur I,a Scene. Le Public se trompe quand ilcroit Se voir. La presence raeme du comedien le detruit! Seule la litterature peut enen des pages de verites faire surgir du cerveau Vimage reelle voulue par Tecrivain, etle public en general aime I,a Verite, le redl, la sincerite en art, pourvu que cette vdritereste " celle qu} il admet&gt;} I Mais si une \6rit6, un realisme " inattendu " lui est prdsente,il ne comprend plus, et la verity devient une exagdration, un mensonge. F 61 i x d u Qu e snel Paris.I. Le realisme, dans Taction Thd&amp;trale, pent se rapprocher de Taction humaine, il n' enest, jamais, quoi qiT on fasse, la reproduction absolument exacte, d* abord parcequ* iln'est qu' un fiction, ensuite parceque la representation Thdatrale a forcement des limites,dont le comedien ne peut sortir, et des conventions fatales qui r£sultent de la combinaisondes moyens d' execution, dont il ne peut s'affranchir. &amp;II. 11 n' y a aucune raison de refuser au comedien la liberte d' exprimer les passions, qu'onaccorde au peintre ou au litterateur, en observant toutefois que cette liberte se trouveraforcement contenue dans les limites que la situation materielle du Theatre lui impose.III. L'execution realiste peut £tre saissisante, pour le Public tout entier, ou seulement pourun elite, ceci depend de la qualite du Public et aussi de la qualite de T execution. Onpeut cependant affirmer presqu' h coup suir, que pour le Public, le spectacle le plusintdressant est celui qui lui donne, sans le blesser par T outrance, la plus exacte/reproduction de la vdrite. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; BOOK REVIEWS " The Story of My Jyife Terry,Hutchinson &amp; Co. 6j- net. &amp;A delightful book, witty and well written;the words well marshalled, but here andthere incorrect or conveying an occasionalwrong impression. &amp;Here lies the difficulty in writing about menand women,... so different from writing ofscience, art and trifles of that description.One seldom gives a wrong impression of thesethings, for these things are ours to give ofthem what impression we choose. &lt;£? But menand women, their thoughts, character, acts,are not ours, and no amount of attemptedexplanation can explain them and we nevercapture them. Yet we have a knack of sizingup a Napoleon or a Plato as if we knew him,or ever could know the least hint of him andwe feel satisfied that we have drawn a fairlygood picture of him. &amp; &amp;&gt;Miss Ellen Terry draws for us the picture ofHenry Irving, gives sketches of other people,including her son and daughter, and we areinclined to believe that she is satisfied thatthe pictures are likenesses. We are of anotheropinion for the reason stated above.Miss Terry prefaces her book by WaltWhitman's famous passage, &amp;" When I read the book, the biographyfamous," And is this then (said 1) what the authorcalls a man's life?" And so will some one when I am deadand gone write my life ?" (As if any man really knew aught of mylife?" Why even I myself often think knowlittle or nothing of my real life," Only a few hints, a few diffused faintclews and indirections" 1 seek for my own use to trace out here)." As if any man really knew aught of my life!"&amp; Quoting this line Miss Terry rendersworthless all she writes of other people. Itsounds like the voice of Irving saying,... " Asif any man really knew aught of my life ".Whitman's verse was but the prelude to hisown song of himself and is out of placeelsewhere. &amp; &amp; &amp;I think we are correct in saying that MissTerry, like so many of her predecessors, hasreceived assistance in the writing of her book.The hands are Esau's, yet somehow the voiceis often another's. This gives us a slight fee- ling of insecurity as we read,... insecurity asto accuracy. &amp;To this assistant writer we must lay theblame of certain inaccurate statements madein the book in regard to the work of MrGordon Craig, jg?On Page 326 Miss Terry is supposed to havesaid, " At the Imperial Theatre, where I spentmy financially unfortunate season in April1903, I gave my son a free hand The lastthree words are so incorrect that i take thisopportunity of contradicting the statementas emphatically as the Editor of The Maskwill permit me to do. &amp;A free hand suggests both carte blanche anda competent management. I am in a positionto state that Mr Craig had neither of theseto support him, and that his hands were tied.The management was timid, as is proved bythe fact that it took off the play after a veryshort run which, with competent management(I speak here of business management) mighthave proved an overwhelming commercialsuccess. Such an aim would, in Germany,have been instantly supported by a strongsyndicate.Another passage on Page 327, which makesMiss Terry say that "my son always consi- dered the pictorial side of the scene beforeits dramatic significance " is entirely mislead- ing: for those who know Mr Craig as oneof the few thorough and serious artists, onewho stands alone in his art, know that hedislikes stage pictures, and that only the Dramaas a whole claims his attention. He evenconsiders the actor and actress of minorimportance beside the Drama itself. &amp;Another incorrect statement on the samepage is to the effect that " the great heightof the proscenium made his lighting lose allits value &lt;£? Perhaps this statement is onlymisleading on account of the choice of theword "value". Had "force" or "glare"been used, the passage would have had mean- ing. It is so utterly unlike Miss Terry tospeak in this way of her son's work that wecan only attribute it to her collaborator. &amp;This assistant was not Mr James Carew.This collaborator has also been careless inthe proof-reading, for why should the pagerelating to Mr Craig's stage work be headed"my son's woodcuts?" On^page 326, wherethe woodcuts are spoken of, another erroroccurs. The Walt Whitman head was by nomeans the first wood engraving made by MrCraig: obviously no one,... not even Crawhallhimself.... could have made such a cut withoutprevious experience.These four errors in two pages concerningher son's aim and work are not to be laidto the charge of Miss Ellen Terry; but ifother facts in the book are so distorted,it will be a good thing if the second editionis carefully revised before it is allowed toappear. &amp;Also it may reasonably be asked, what urgedMiss Terry to omit the words, "for my ownuse " when quoting Walt Whitman's poem at the head of her Introduction? If it is a customto cut plays by great authors, need it becomeas usual to cut their poems? Yet the booskwhet e ever we hear the real voice of EllenTerry, is more humorous... courageous... &amp;generous than many books of the last century.Revue Napolieime. Monthly. Rome. A n excellent little review containing reallyinteresting articles and conversations onand with the great Napoleon. The journalis printed in three languages, English, Italianand French with occasional illustrationswhich add interest to the numbers. &amp; That the magazine should exist at all isstrange. We hear much today of theactor, of the personality of this man and thatwoman, yet when they are no longer withus how little they influence things! Thislittle journal, the echo of that really greatpersonality, Buonaparte, proves its force,Actors very often remind us of halfpennyNapoleons. In attempting through what theycall character and personality to overpowerall those they come in touch with theycreate in those people a kind of amazedstupefaction by this assumed strength. Putthe actor against any other man and he willget the better of him. The other will notbe conviced but he will be stupified, and theactor, absolutely unconscious of the realeffect he has created, takes the stupifactionfor admiration. &lt;£?There is no doubt about it that the soonerthe actor drops the role of a great personalitythe better for him and his work, for althoughhe assumes the role he cannot carry it outto the end. First of all there is not the callfor him to be so very " great " a man. Hehas not to deal with kings, continents andarmies but with the imitation of these things.He is continually pretending to turn otherkings off their thrones, slaying the usurperor becoming betrothed to a Queen of Franceor he is a great Priest overturning religionsand substituting others, and all this producesin him the attitude of a man who holds theFate of Europe in his hand. Bat the attitudeis not enough to qualify him to assume theseroles off the stage and therefore if his artis to be held in reverence the actor'spersonality off the stage must be an entirelyunassuming one. He must be as simple asany other artist. This quality of sernplicitywe often find in the little comedians, whoof all people on the stage are the least spoilt.&amp; But we recommend this review" Napoleonienne " to the actors, for in it theycan see the difference between a great manand one who apes a great man. MAGAZINES RECEIVED &amp;" The Book News Monthly " Philadelphia, Pa. U.S.A" What's On ", London. " Le TSmoin", Paris. £?The Fra ", East Aurora. New York. &amp;" The Bibelot Portland, Maine U. S. A. £&gt; " ThePapyrus ", East Orange., New Jersey U. S. A."Current Literature" New York. &amp; "The Studio",London. &amp; " The New York Dramatic Mirror ",New York. &lt;£? "Ri vista di Roma Iconic. "Argus ",Helsingfors. &amp; " Die Schaubuhne Berlin. "IITeatro (llustrato " Milan. &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES LONDON MADAM V VETTE G UIRBERTThe event of importance to the theatre herehas been the return of Madam YvettteOuilbert. London has not been merelyenthusiastic: London has begun to under®stand:.... and to understand this great womanwho links the acting of the Past and theFuture by her unique genius is not easy. Yet Londoners who are always given an easything to annoy them, and who always returnthe compliment by taking it easy, have thistime proved that the Profound in the Theatreis also the Popular.The managers of the Coliseum have been very,very clever to invite Madam Guilbert to singfor their public, for their public is aremarkably intellectual and artistic one. Itis clever of the managers of the Coliseum tohave perceived this. It is not their fault thatan extremely well=built but bad dancer ruinstwenty minutes of the programme. TheSalome Dance and the Cleopatra Dance arethe two worst exhibitions, (unless we includeMiss Allen's) we have ever seen. Fromremarks made by the audience we gather thatthey endorse our opinion. Vulgarity does notappeal to the Coliseum audience: it is nogood for a few critics to say it does: itdoes not, and Mr Slater's having perceivedthis proves that he possesses genius. ST AGE ROVERS &amp; &amp;Hphe youths and maidens of the English stagehave not improved in the matter of speakingpoetry. They invest it with a kind of mock=prayer=!ike atmosphere. When a young girltells her stage lover that she is all the worldto him she suggests that she is thinking ofthe world and his wife at church, and whatthey will say when the banns are published.Add to this a kind of tremulous sea sicknessin voice and appearance, and you have apicture of the stage maiden in a love scene.This is awful! awful!! Awful!!! &amp;The young man is no better. He is a younghypocrite, not a lover, not a man. Heeffectually pumps up his emotion before oureyes,... oh, horrible!... and he seems to lookmore in pity than in love upon the objectof his choice. The result is an impression ofsensuality,... sensuality to a degree which onlythe English actors know how to achieve. &amp;The young people generally paint their faces very white, and thereby add a horror to analready horrid exhibition. &amp; &amp;Why pale? Why quavering voice? Why thissingsong, earnest, mouth-drawn religiousfervour? A sense of fear strikes the beholder.The man fears the girl, the girl the man; yetthey proceed with their parody. &amp; &amp;We offer this advice to stage lovers inEngland. Make the voice firm and deep.Do not sing or look like a curate. Do notpretend to be timid ....why should you ?...,Smile sometimes,... and try to look as ifyou were thinking and feeling something. W 1 L H E E M &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;At the "Empire" Wilhelm shows what a masterhe is of delicate effects in costume. He arrivesat a simple and most refined result by theexercise of a talent all his own. He is not animitator. A designer of costumes, bred inthe theatre, he proclaims clearly thedifference between the professional and theamateur. CONCERNING ENGLISH AMATEURS. G. N. nphe Amateur threatens in that whisperingway of his to meddle with the Theatre.He wants to " produce " plays. He lisps hisanathema upon the Professional Theatre, andsays " his idea " Is something quite different.He then sets about copying Harker, Wilhelm,Gordon Craig and Percy Anderson. He is(alas!) often a distinguished illustrator ofchildren's fairy books or a designer and makerof stained-glass windows. He has perhapslately made illustrations to a Shakespeareplay, and feels that by right of this he mayclaim kinship with the Theatre. How manytimes has it to be repeated that the Theatreis not for the amateur: that it is as difficulta study as the earth has to offer, and that noone but he who gives his whole life to thisstudy can hope to bring any light into theTheatre.It is an impertinence on the part of theseexcellent " designers " to waste the time ofthe stage and of the public. A productionof Shakespeare on the stage is an entirelydifferent problem from the illustration of hisplays in a book. It takes nothing short of alife-time for an artist to learn the limitationsof the stage, and only a stage manager canever thoroughly know these limitations. Anillustrator whose whole charm lies in thestrangely sharp quality of his pen work andthe faint and delicate washes of colour whichhe adds to his designs, will give the scenepainter and costumier a most ungratefultask if he brings such designs for theirconsideration. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Mr C. Ricketts, for instance, has lately beencasting longing eyes at the stage, and has beenstudying the results achieved by some of thegentlemen above mentioned. His imitationsare on a level with the imitations of MissMaud Allen. Perhaps admiration of Mr Craig'swork has been the cause of this sincerestform of flattery,... but this seems no excuse.There is no excuse for the amateur. The Stage of England has young stage managers,scene and costume designers and mechanicsenough without the intrusion 1of theoutsider, The young stage of England isdeveloping in an unmistakable and remarkabledirection, and that by reason of the practicalknowledge possessed by young fellows whoare at present unknown, but whose namesare bound in time to add lustre to the stage of this century. &amp; &amp;The Mask must, and no doubt will, keepthese young men in remembrance, for TheMask is the champion of the stage managersand the practical workers no less than of theartists of the Theatre. If artists are rare inthe Theatre, good, practical and hard workersneed not be, and inventive stage managersshould soon win to good positions, not becausethey can be affable and echo every word ofthe actor-manager, (a danger to be avoidedby practise), but because through practicalknowledge they can stand their ground andbe of incalculable value to the actor-manager,who learns to respect them. When theseyoung stage managers shall have thoroughlyproved their capabilities there will be fewer actor-stage-managers. &amp; &amp;But, alas!, this will never prevent thatdisastrous growth the amateur stage manager.He goes on growing in the British Isles,... anervous flabby growth, incapable of eitherart ideas or practical ideas, but ever full ofthe large sounding words, * Ideas', 'Grandeur','Nature',., words which, on his lips, prove "easy like the wind ",..eand nothing more. EDITORIAL NOTES Js Realism illegal? Should it, when carriedso far as violence, be prevented by law?Certainly, by all the laws of taste.Only the other day the Realism of the stageproved again its dangerous power. It isreported that. 44 While Desdemona was being44 strangled during a performance of44 Othello "44 at a theatre in Luebeck, a man rose in the44 pit, his face purple with rage, and aimed a44 revolver at Othello. After he had been44 disarmed he explained that he had come44 to the theatre for the first time in his life,44 and was possessed of too chivalrous a44 spirit to see a woman murdered before his44 eyes. The danger is not evident at first sight: itis none the less clearly inferred. The suddendeath of a bad actor or two would be nothingto alarm us. On the oih?r hand, the slowbut deadly influence upon the audience whichis exercised by the exhibition of deeds ofviolence realistically represented is a verydecided danger. It is a danger just becauseit no longer terrifies us as it should do. Weare no longer alive to or convinced of thehorror of it. If we were convinced we shouldrise from our seats and endeavour to preventthe violence or revenge the victim.But we do nothing so healthy. No, we sitstill and comfortable in our rather expensivestall or dress circle seat and enjoy the tragedyimmensely. There lies the danger.44 Well but, we are not children "....44 Whoevertakes scenes of violence seriously? "....44 Whowants to be convinced of the horror of suchthings?" These and numerous other quickand thoughtless retorts pour out of themouths of the horror=lovers. &amp;44 But we are not horror lovers ". Then youare worse. You are merely professed horrorhaters bored to death by that which youprofess to detest. Or perhaps you are noteven so serious as that. You sit in the stalls infull view of the rest of the house, and as theysee you accepting the murders, seductions,treacheries and all the other brutalities as amatter of course they sit still and say nothing.Seldom is any member in the cheaper seatscarried away so far as to raise his revolver,or even to utter a shriek. Men and womenalike follow the example set them by thosewho sit in the better parts of the house: theyrefuse to be moved by the spectacle, and theyquiet their nerves by saying, 44 How well he'spretending to do it!"What? Does anyone protest against this view?Does anyone hold that the audience is moved?We say again that they are not moved. If theywere moved how could they keep their seatsbefore such scenes? How prevent themselvesfrom leaping upon the stage and destroyinglago and saving Othello from the awfultragedy ? Moved ? indeed they are not moved.Their nerves are tickled, no more,.... and thatis the danger. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Dy the way, what a lovely man Mr FrankLea Short must bel He wants a play,and he advertises for it quite simply. As heis evidently a believer in advertisement thereis no reason why we should not give himone free of charge. Here is his style. Thesize of the type used by him in the AmericanJournal is too large to get into this columnso a reduction must serve the purpose. Nowfor it!ATTENTION! AUTHORS 11I WANT A GOOD PLAYFOR PRODUCTION IN NEW YORKNo restrictions, providing the play is good.Every manuscript submitted will be carefullyread and considered. &amp; &amp; FRANK LEA SHORT, 133 West 45th Street,New York. &amp; jg?&amp; No, but isn't it tremendous? Especiallythe "Attention! Authors!!" And isn't it ratherdashing to Messrs Pinero, Jones, Grundy,Shaw and the others who, whatever elsethey can't do, can write good plays,.... dowrite them; ...plays which Mr Short may, wesuppose, procure for production if he likes.But to go about procuring a good Play in thewrong way,.... and such a wrong way, isdelicious. &amp; think Mr Baughan misunderstands MrTree, and we are sure Mr Baughanmisunderstands Mr Craig. Writing of thesetwo he says: jgr &amp; &amp;44 Possibly a good deal has been written on the44 aesthetics of stage scenery, but the44 productions of our stage recognise no44 aesthetic canons. On the one hand, we have44 the lavish magnificence of His Majesty's44 Theatre, which attempts to carry out what44 has been shabbily done for years, and is44 not a new thing; on the other, there are44 the experiments of Mr. Gordon Craig, whose44 obsession it is to produce schemes of colour44 and line which often dwarf the players in44 a quaint manner. Mr Gordon Craig views44 his stage as so much material for his designs,44 and I contend that is wrong, for the players44 are of the first importance. His experiments44 have this merit, however. They do not44 bring to our notice by emphasis that scenery44 at its best is but a flimsy make=believe.44 Tliatj I take it, should be the basis of any44 aesthetic consideration of the subject".This is warranted to give an entirelyerroneous idea to the public; it is reallyguaranteed to do a great deal of mischief.What we want in a critic is that, at any rate,he may be quite sure of his facts. How isMr Baughan sure that His Majesty's Theatreattempts to carry out with lavish magnificencewhat has been shabbily done for years! &amp;How does Mr Baughan know that Mr Craig'saim is to produce schemes of color and lineor that Mr Craig views his stage as so muchmaterial for designs? Surely, if, as Pope says,44 The proper study of mankind is Man," thenthe proper study of the critic should be theartist, and this is what Mr Baughan does notseem to have begun to do. &amp;His statement about Mr Craig is wrong frombeginning to end. &lt;€*&amp;&amp;&gt;&amp;■Why should this first=class critic be contentto open his interesting Essay with a falsestatement, when by making enquiries in theright quarters, he could have ascertained whatMr Craig's views are, or what his aim is?&amp; Mr Baughan is at perfect liberty to state,as he does a little further on, that theappearance of reality must be the first objectof a dramatic representation, although mostartists would disagree with him entirely onthis point; still, he is giving his opinion, andthat must interest us all. But when hemisstates the opinions of artists, he over»stepsall &lt;£? &amp; &amp; &amp; A critic should be more careful than to dosuch a thing, and we feel very decidedly thata critic should confine himself to one of twothings: he should either write about thetheory of the art, or, he should write aboutthe theatre as it is to-day, accepting itsvulgarities as things not to be avoided, andtaking a decided stand in favor of the moderntheatre as it is. But to be neither a theorystudent of the art nor to be a thoroughstudent of the modern theatre puts a criticin an awkard position from which, in time,he will not be able to extricate himself. &amp;We have heard it said that a critic is not oftenallowed to write all he would, and it is impliedby this that his best is with=held from us. But,is not this a little bit of an excuse? WhatEditor ever refused a brilliant criticism ?what critic was ever rejected for taking upa definite position ?We should that Mr Baughan could, with greatadvantage to himself, spend two yearsstudying Mr Tree's work at His Majesty'sTheatre. He would then learn the difficultieswhich beset the modern theatre and he wouldthen perhaps understand, He would haveto study it from the stage itself and not fromthe front of the house. &amp; &amp;There is less excuse for Mr Baughan makingmistakes about Mr Craig's works, for if helikes he can read what Mr Craig has writtenand whenever he chooses to do so; he willthen have no excuse for making further mis=statements as to Mr. Craig's intention inhis art. &amp; &amp; SCHOLARSHIPS ON PROHIBITIVETERMS. &amp; &amp; &amp; On the face of it seems as thought Mr LeeSchubert must have the interests of hisprofession seriously at heart, for we learn that" to stimulate interest in dramatic art amongthe younger members of the profession" hehas decided to establish two prizes which areto take the form of yearly scholarships atthe Theatre in Paris and will beawarded at the end of each season to " themost deserviug actor and actress in theSchubert Dramatic Company."This seems quite an excellent proposal at firstsight and highly to Mr Schubert's credit; butlet us reserve our judgment while we listento the terms.First, "the candidate must be between theages of twenty and thirty "; that is to say,talent before twenty cannot be recognised ;talent after thirty must "abandon hope ". Butwhy " between twenty and thirty ". Have notinnumerable artists evinced very remarkablepowers before that date, or, developing moretardily, shown but a small proportion untilafter it ? Rachel was famous at seventeen ;Irving was, we believe, past thirty before heattained distinction in his work.Again, "they must have a speaking role ofsome importance, but no stars or playerswho are * featured' will be admitted to thecompetition ". Thus we see that, having eli» initiated a large number by his age limit,Mr Schubert further narrows down thepossible candidates by cutting out all whohave,... it is to be assumed by a markeddisplay of talent.... worked their way forwardto the honourable position of 44 stars ". Butof course, the reward of being 4 featured 'should be of itself sufficient without thatadditional prize of a year in Paris at theTheatre &amp; Having thus clearly laid down the limits ofthe class which may dare to aspire to hisscholarships, Mr Schubert goes on to explainwhat will be required of those on whom thefinal choice shall fall. &amp; &amp; They will be sent abroad for a whole year,and, besides studying at the Theatre 44 they will he expected to gain a knowledgeof the drama in such centres as London,Berlin and Vienna ». The italics are ours.The threat contained in this paragraph isterrible. How on earth is a poor devil of ayoung actor of twenty or thirty to gain thisknowledge in these cities ? He is far morelikely to gain it in the Plains of America orin the forests of Africa; in fact, our opinionis that he will gain it anywhere more easilythan in London, Berlin or Vienna whereliberty of thought is not permitted to theyoung artist.Mr Schubert may 44 expect " him to gain thisknowledge, but as to realisation of hisexpectations we have the gravest doubts. &amp;Then in his last condition Mr Schubert showsa prudence and caution worthy of thebusiness manager.Fearing lest, while his chosen scholars areseeking a knowledge of the drama in foreigncountries, the directors of the drama in thosecountries should have too appreciative an eyeto their budding genius, he insists that thewinners shall44 sign a five years contract withthe Schuberts before leavingOh, wise Mr Schubert: The bunch of carrotswhich you dangle will attract, we believe,just that race to which carrots are proverbiallymost attractive, for the wise men and theartists know better than to accept carrots,...or scholarships ....on prohibitive terms. &amp; THE MASK A- THE ARCHITECTWe wish to take this opportunity of publiclyacknowledging the great kindness andcourtesy of the Publishers of The Architect,in allowing us to reprint the series ofinteresting and valuable articles on theScenery and Costume of Shakespeare's Playsby the late Mr E. W. Godwin, of which seriesthey hold the copyright. From The Maskto The Architect, very many thanks! &amp; ay§^SlORD!%BIDOCH4atThe principal Artistic and Literarypublication of Scandinavia. Yearly subscription Francs: 30 Wahlstrom &amp; Widstrand, StockholmPublished Monthly THE PAPYRUSEdited by Michael MonahanA Magazine for the Magazine-WearyCHICAGO NEWS.—The Papyrus holds a uniqueplace among the magazines and is always stimu-lating &amp;nd interesting.ERNEST McGAFFEY.— The Papyrus is a stor-my petrel flying over an infinite sea of bosh. &amp;PUTNAM'S MONTHLY.—There is sun, wind andrain in Michael Monahan's whimsical fancies. &amp;Subscription One Dollar a Year25 cts: additional for foreign countriesTHE PAPYRUSEAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY Every reader of the English language will beInterested in a Magazine that Is doing the work ofThe Book News Monthlyan Illustrated magazine devoted to Literature andArt, published in Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A, at10 c. a copy, L. 1,00 a year. &amp; &amp; &amp;The purpose of THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY isto Save Time, to Interest, Instruct, and Guide theGeneral Header. &amp; &amp; &amp;Specimen copy sent free to any part of the world&amp; Agents for Subscriptions in England: &amp;&amp; The International News Company. &amp;Address:THE BOOR NEWS MONTHLY,Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A. &gt;2? THE MOSHER BOOKSJS&gt; JS&gt; J&amp; MDCCCXCI-MCMVIIIFor a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He has putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration.GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, 1907.^My new Catalogue — a remarkable piece of book-work in itself — explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology.THOMAS B. MOSHER PORTLAND. MAINE U. S. A. Baa THE WOOD ENGRAVERS of San LEONARDOEX L1BRIS Are yIf you are you will desire that which can add to the beauty&amp; completeness of your Books, &amp; cannot do without A BOOKPLATE. In design your Book Plate must be grave yet charming, for itsduty is to act as watchman at the doors of all books, whether religious or profane.If you would possess such a Book Plate, simple, charming and distinguished, writeto the Wood Engravers of San Leonardo, directing your lettei to them at theARENA GOLDON1 — VIA DEI SERRAGLI — FLORENCE (ITALY) andyou will receive all the information you desire. &amp; jg/PUBLISHERS MARKS, LETTER PAPER HEADINGS, THEATRE PROGRAMMES ANDSOUVENIRS; EXHIBITION CATALOGUES, CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS DESIGNEDAND PRINTED BY US.amxrajBeesraaaaLSgaiWe do not make any attempt to compete with the cheap, popular and hastily madedesigns which may be obtained by the crowd: our designs are engraved by handon picked box=wood, and printed on our hand=press on specially selected papers obtainedfrom Holland and England. From the first design to the last print the work isexecuted and supervised by artists, and therefore art=lovers may be confident that,in sending their commissions to us, they are ensuring a work which shallbe as careful in its execution as beautiful and distinguished in its design.THE WOOD ENGRAVERS OF SAN LEONARDO. &amp; &amp;ARENA GOLDONI - VIA DEI SERRAGEI - FLORENCE - ITALY. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS. &amp;&amp; By Gordon Craig with a preface. &amp;thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofthe plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. Average size of plate.14 2/3 x 15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 . o . o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks),nphese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage." Movement", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever" remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp;" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce"once more an Impersonal Art which, shall take its place by the side of its two sister" Arts, Music and Architecture &amp;ORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of " The Mask " 8, Borgo San Jacopo p. 2. Florence. Italy. &amp; &amp;Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks) &amp; &amp;SignedAddress. LIBRAIRIE ANCIENNET. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchietti - FIRENZE2E3IScswBcrVaihuuwinnrvnitm5JLas\\u• *«iIV-V- ••'111•••• •-a••« $»•inI MlIII01It*Mlu/£NC1JLIU!MilMil00'»»III!t0 0in*M£INJiTolmaan111initliIIMIji: 1100 ll■ e• IIS t f111'i1*Of310&lt;ullllla.in£••••*unil*"■'■li nyfitWuOcatvltrvXTLTTUOO»tKM• ii ••rtruvFine Collection of MSS,, Incunabula, rate and curious books XV-XIX cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. ALMANACK FORARCHITECTUREaGlSlG1t51151GlEI01EaBl.SliasU51E113EIE113A NEW CATALOGUECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDREDPAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversSCHUSTER &amp; B U F L E B. G. M. B. H.BERLIN W 30 * NOLLENDORFSTR. 31. 33* BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN * NEW YORK DRAMATICMIRRORThe oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.&amp; Sample, copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 5.50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TOBOOKLOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will be printedMonthly upon a yellow hand®made deckle-edged paper identical in appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 1315. This editionwill contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition. &amp; Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free„ ,, „ Germany, Marks 67,00 „ ,,„ ,, ,, America Dollars 16.00 „ ,,h »* »» Italy Lire 82.00 ,,„ Russia Roubles 3000 „ „ ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO ioIMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES £&gt;The largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, &amp; Garden Seats,Vases Fountains Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX19 04FLORENCEVia. dei Fossi 4 &amp;£&gt; (ESTABLISHED i860)AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONS DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSignaVia dei JFossi N. I - FLORENCE♦ JRepPoduetion of sculptures of Old andJWodefn masters « Statues - Busts «Vases M Bas-reliefs - Fountains - DoorsChimney-pieees - Bases etc. etc. inevery style G. P. VIEUSSEUXFLORENCE £? VIA VECCHIETTI, 5 £&gt;Reading rooms, containing the best Englishnewspapers and reviews.-Latesttelegrams— Open daily 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sundays 8a.m. to 12 p.m. Subscription 35.00 a year.Ciicnlating library containing thousandvolumes in English, French; Italian, German,some Spanish and Russian. — Open daily9 a.m. to 5 p.m. except Sundays. — Bookssent to all parts of Italy and abroad. I .jlppjf AUe temoin.LE PLUS BEAU JOURNAL SAT1RIQUELE PLUS VIVANT, LE PLUSACTUEL, LE PLUS QAI, LE PLUSARTISTIQUE. &amp; &amp; j0j£f ABONNEMENT, 1 AN, FRS 7.00 &amp;SPECIMEN No. QRATUIT SUR DEMANDEADMINISTRATION, PARIS, 18 - RUEHEQESIPPE-MOREAU, No. JSf