Bruno's Weekly 3 16 September 30th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-09-30_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 16 Untitled Image Illustration 1 The contents include: , 1 In The Evening James Whitcomb Riley cre 3 Woolworth Varieties of Our New York Boheme F. van Norstrand Groves cre 3-4 The Censorship of Literature William M. Reedy in his Mirror cre 4 Sadakichi Illustration 4 The Curious House Martin Brown cre 5 The Optimist After the Norwegian of P. Chr. Asbjornsen by Guido Bruno cre 5 The Musical Boarding House Tom Sleeper cre 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Editors of Individual Magazines 6-8 Elbert Hubbard and William Reedy, the great editor of St. Louis. Mr. Reedy has, for the past twenty-five years, published and edited the foremost literary paper of the United States. Illustration 6 Robert Reitzel, a snapshot Illustration 7 William Eaton Illustration 7 Michael Monahan, his portrait as it appeared in his "Phoenix" Illustration 8 The Speculator Cafs Paw cre 8 Lillies Mildred Antisdale cre 8 Pen, Paper and Ink 8 A characteristic anecdote is related of an out-at-elbows 8 Books and Magazines of the Week 9 Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings (Dramatic Criticism) Momus cre 10 The Book of Bargains I— A Study in Murder Vincent O'Sullivan cre 10-12 Two People The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 12 Gossips of Spoon River Illustration 12 In Our Village 12 Why and How I Got Married 13 The First Real Man M. M., (Dallas, Texas cre 13 He Found his Mate E. B. W. (Okla cre 13 Love a la Poet D. G., (N. Y cre 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 9 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents September 30th 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, September 23d, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Bruno; but that permission maybe assumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your MarriageBruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you twe met. You know you like to recall those times eYen ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall notuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is mo better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City.Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at space rates.The contest will close November Ist, 1916, and the stories should be lim- ited to three hundred words.SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY A LECTURE By FRANK HARRISTWO FIGURES OF OUR DAY:THE MILLIONAIRE AND THE ARTISTAEOLEAN CONCERT HALL34 West 43rd StreetTUESDAY, OCTOBER 3rd, 8:15 O'CLOCK50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 16 SEPTEMBER 30th MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916, by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of March3rd, 1897. The contents include: ,Woolworth Varieties of Our New York BohemeThe Censorship of LiteratureEditors of Individual Magazines, A Story of Joyand SorrowThe Book of Bargains, A Study in MurderSplitting the Ears of the Groundlings In The Evening James Whitcomb Riley 1.wN the evening of our days,* When the first far stars aboveGlimmer dimmer, through the haze,Than the dewy eyes of love,Shall we mournfully revertTo the vanished morns and MaysOf our youth, with hearts that hurt,—In the evening of our days?2.Shall the hand that holds your own,Till the twain are thrilled as now,Be withheld, or colder grown?, Shall the kiss upon your browFalter from its high estate?And, in all forgetful ways,Shall we sit apart and wait,—In the evening of our days?3.Nay, my wife—my life!—the gloomShall enfold us velvetwise,And my smile shall be the groomOf the gladness of your eyes:Gently, gently as the dewMingles with the darkening maze,I shall fall asleep with you—In the evening of our days. (The original of this poem is in the collection ofMr. T. P. Madigan, New York) Woolworth Varieties of OurNew York Boheme F. van Norstrand Groves OR I might have entitled this"From The Normal To TheAbnormal" or "Que Vult Decipi Decipiatur." It allamounts to the same thing: Nobody's so deceived as theDeceiver!And I will say right now that you, Guido Bruno, had betternot publish this, as you, O Villager, had better pass up thereading.of it (in the event Ye Editor proves alike imperviousto both my warning and my little mallet) unless unless it really be that Truth, martyrised upon Golgotha andfrom thence comdemned to a wandering and a precariousexistence, has—at least for the moment—taken refuge amongthe dingy old buildings, the quaint thoroughfares and narrowalleys, the reminiscent purlieus and enchanting atmosphereof Greenwich Village: New York's Quartier Latin.Personally I will admit of there being such a possibility.I am even quite sure of having glimpsed nuditas veritatisforma upon the several pilgrimages I have lately made in andaround the banlieu of Washington Square. Once I was evenquite sure I discerned Her holding Her mirror behind a very charming young woman with whom I held a most interestingconversation "Just Down The Rabbit Hole From Wash- ington Square!" Barely had I rather sensed than discernedHer presence, however, than my companion turned and, per- ceiving Her more clearly perhaps than did I, took fright atwhat she saw the vision faded and Diogenes, dis- appointed and perhaps a bit disgusted, too, climbed to thestreet just in time to avoid yielding to his besetting tempta- tion: the unutterable joys of a bitting sarcasm. As one ofmy favourite shrines is The Rabbit Hole, where I can sit andmeditate over a cup of fairly good coffee, la petite de ce soirla has never returned during my incumbency of the "backroom."But I refuse to be discouraged. Truth I have oft timesfound to be attained through Fear!In the main, I should say, the only difference between thedenizens of the back-streets of the slopes of Montmartre andhe, or she, of the Rue Macdougal is analogous to that be- tween the talent of an accomplished actor and the crudeefforts of a perfervid amateur. The one lives in, by, andthrough his art; the other somehow manages to survive inspite of his varied and frenzied vagaries. Understand, please,I am merely referring to the general strata of such as I havemet in"The Village." Ordinarily I possess the happy facultyof attracting the interest and contracting the acquaintanceof the very best people in any locality. There is a possibilityI fell in with the wrong crowd——in which case those whoknow the ropes will be in a position to commiserate with meand to wish me better luck. On the other hand I have metsome very charming people there who unfortunatelyconstitute The Minority.The Minority are the leaven, the salvation of TheMajority!Par example, there is an association of persons claimingliberality of views who congregate to fraternize inter se uponvarious occasions. These are quite vociferous in their claimsto originality, radicalism and untramelled freedom generally.I was a guest of theirs upon several occasions, wherefore Imingled freely with them—despite warnings from outsidersto steer clear. Frankly, I was disappointed; for they pushedtheir radicalism to such an extent they became conservativein it—that is, conservative radicals! Conservatism withoutany of the mossy, moldy beauty thereof. Since then, I under- stand, they've banished all their interesting and worthwhileassociates and welcomed with open arms about all the mis- anthropes, poseurs, "nuts" and doctrineless spellbinders,the hoi-poloi of the carfour.Degeneracy, inherent in most radicalism, set in at anearlier stage than usual in this gathering. About their onlysalvation, now, is to turn wildly conservative!The general conception of type—including its popular useas a word—originated in the studios of La Boheme, whenceit spread beyond the pale. There are types of various huesand vintages in and about Washington Square, as well.Witness the Orange Smock variety, the ten cent impressarioin wide-brimed Stetson with flowing mane and swishing tail,the concave-visaged spendthrift cum situm insatiabilis, the bob-haired and receeding chined species, the lackadaisical,addle-pated girls to whom married life plus motherhoodwould be the one cure and a revelation in the art of living,the birth controlists—who as yet have given birth to naughtsave new and more complicated forms of degeneracy, andwould to God they could control these: the hysterical, artlesssirhps whose betters, even now, languish in durance vile inMatteawan, N. Y. These are, for lack of a better synonym,what I call the Woolworth variety of Bohemians: the fiveand ten cent genus!We all know the types of these characters, many of whomwe recognize will some day become distinguished asartists, literati, etc.; others of whom we meet in later ramblesthrough the haunts of insanity, degeneracy and crime.Many there are who have set sail upon the flowing tidesof artistic creation that run swiftly through Greenwich Vil- lage towards the great open seas of the World. A few thereare who arrive in port, some under a full spread of canvas.How many more are there not who, becoming water-logged,sink in full sight of an excellent career as a salesman, abushelman, or an automobile demonstrator. The galaxy ofbusiness talent that has gone to glory upon the reefs andshoals of Greenwich Village is sufficient to warrant theNational Emblem's flying at half-mast for a full day. As ineverything else, many are called but few are chosen! Andthe number of really excellent sales-ladies, barbers, seam- stresses, philosophers and head-waiters, now masqueradingas authoresses, philosophers, sociologists, sculptors andartists, is really amazing and cannot help but prove adistinct loss to the busy marts of trade.Vulcan leering through the mask of Phidias, Medusa seek- ing to stuff her serpent tresses within the diadem of PallasAthene—such are common in"The Village."Bohemianism, to such, means but a cover for light house- keeping, for desultory ways, for lack of breeding and thesavoir faire of polite society. I might even compare them toservants aping the airs of their betters below stairs.O there are many things I want to say—but which, if I do,would arouse the assembled Lares and Penates of Wash- ington Square. Besides, there wouldn't be space left topublish them.If this is published—and the age of miracles is by nomeans past—l shall be sneered at, sniffed at and snubbed iffound out; guessed at, hissed at and mayhap stoned, orworse—ostracized. But it won't be the first time dearie, no,nor the last.Meantime the Winter Season holds forth much that isdistinctly promising, as forshadowed by present events in"The Village." Lately a certain coterie of the decidedly staidand habitual Bohemians met and organized "The Sev but that's another story. The Censorship of Literature By William M. Reedy in his Mirror Mr. Theodore Dreiser wrote a novel called "The Genius."The hero of that novel was a great fellow with the ladiesand Mr. Dreiser tells with much frankness all about thathero's way with a maid, wife or widow, or else a woman whowas neither. Now the successor of Anthony Comstock wantsto suppress Mr. Dreiser's novel or to force its publisher, theJohn Lane Company, to eliminate from the novel all those parts in which Mr. Dreiser's hero performs his stunt ofputting the "come-hither" upon the woman, in contempt of theseventh commandment. Likewise they would suppress thearguments in the book in behalf of such proceedings con- cupiscential upon the part of the hero or his various loves.The Society of American Authors has entered protest againstsuch a censorship of the novel. Every person who has anyregard for honest literature should join in the protest. Mr.Dreiser's book is not immoral in the least. His hero's careeras it culminates does not make any case either for therighteousness, the profitability or the material satisfaction ofhimself. The hero comes out of it all, shown up more thana bit of a chump. There is nothing in the tale calculated toinduce anyone to follow the example of Mr. Dreiser's"genius." Mr. Dreiser deals with certain facts of life whichwill continue to exist even though they be never mentionedin polite society. Mr. Dreiser's book does not inculcate im- morality. It is absurd that a piece of writing like "TheGenius" should be mutilated by the successors of the lateMr. Comstock. Mr. Dreiser tried to depict a phase of lifewith fidelity to truth and with no purpose to serve evil. Hewrote as an artist, solely to present an imaginary life- history in a way to make readers figure out for themselvesthe meaning and the purpose of their own lives. For thatmatter he showed how too much sex destroyed the geniusand bruised or blighted everyone with whom he wasassociated. The protest against interference with the free- dom of art cannot be too strong. Literary censorship is anintolerable institution. It cramps imagination and cripplesinvention. It has a paralytic influence upon thought. Andit does not help morals in the least. Indeed, it puts a premiumupon the meanest nastinesses that circulate clandestinely.The best disinfectant of base art is freedom. "The Genius"is not a corrupting novel. It is not a nasty novel, though ithas defects of taste. It shows how "genius" is not abovethe moral law. The writers and the readers of the countryshould not stand for its suppression nor mutilation. Sadakichi The Curious House Martin Brown IN the glaring light of the Great White WayThere stands a house, quite a common affair.Smart enough, nothing more vWith a grilled front doorAnd a tidy, well-kept air.Just a house you could see—well, any dayAnd almost anywhere.On the jostling throngs in the Great White WayThe windows look, but their straight-hung laceNever parts to displayA room grave or gayOr to frame a passing face.You may pass by night, you may pass by dayEach curtain is in its place.Some there are who swear they have seen withinWhere shaded lights shed a soft pink glow.And some say they have thoughtThat they faintly caughtAn echo of music slow.Some whisper that it is a house of sinAnd gossip of laughter low.Has no one a key to the iron door?For shut it stands all the whole year through.Don't you think at all costIf the key was lostThey would put on a lock quite new?Unless there is no one to open it for—How sad if that thought were true.But if one should come to the house at lastUnlock the door and open it wideIt might prove all cold,Just empty and oldAnd musty, dark inside.The lights and the music, shades of the past—Ghosts of the things that had died.Yet why not think that the curtains may hideDreams of delight, and a joy too divineTo expose to the glareOf the street and the stareOf stranger eyes blind with wine.For may not the key be of gold, and insideTo turn at a knock of thine?Where the jostling crowd pays curious heedThere stands a house, quite a common affairAnd the gossips are rightIts mysterious quiteWith its tidy, well-kept air.Perhaps Love the curious riddle might read,But Love never passes there. The Optimist (After the Norwegian of P. Chr. Asbjornsen by Guido Bruno) THERE was once a Rabbit who walked about on theluscious green of God's free nature."Hooray-la-la!" he yelled, jumping about gleefully and all of a sudden he made a long somersault and landed in themidst of newly-sprouting corn.He spied the Fox coming slowly and carefully down theroad."Good morning Mr. Fox," exclaimed the Rabbit. "I tellyou today I'm really glad, glad from the bottom of my heart,I married"—"Well that's nice," said the Fox."Oh! no it wasn't so awfully nice," replied the Rabbit."My wife wasn't one of the youngest of women, and after- wards she turned to be quite bothersome.""Then you didn't fare very well?" asked the Fox."Well, it wasn't so very bad either; she had a good deal ofmoney and then, too, she owned the house.""That was very fortunate," rejoined the Fox."Oh! no it wasn't so very fortunate," replied the Rabbit."The house burned down with all our property.""That was really too bad," said the Fox."It wasn't so very bad," continued the Rabbit, "becausethe wife burned down too." The Musical Boarding House Tom Sleeper MUSIC hath charms to sooth the savage breastPerhaps it's so—but let that restNo savage breast can my breast beWhen same starts punching harmony.For when she piays, my startled brain recoils dismayed,while horrid Pain,Takes sole possession of my thought : jMy bosom heaveth—sore distraught. \*Nor is this all—far worse to comeWhen Algio's breath and nervous thumbAnd fingers basely press the keysAnd send out raukish, tortured breeze.T'is then in agony my breast convulsed with horrorwill not restPoet your words are not for me 1No savage breast can my breast be. Editors of Individual Magazines Elbert Hubbard and William Reedy, the great editor ofSt. Louis. Mr. Reedy has, for the past twenty-five years,published and edited the foremost literary paper of theUnited States. Robert Reitzel, a snapshot William Eaton Michael Monahan, his portrait as it appeared in his"Phoenix" AMONG those men who have the courage to stand up forideas of their own, their own style, their own conceptionof the world, are those, the most pathetic figures in Americanletters, who founded a magazine of their own; who did notfollow the example of their contemporaries, submitting to thewishes of their publishers and to the presumed desire of thereading public. Since 1827 when there appeared in NewYork "The Satyrist" anonymously signed: Peter Pindar, tilltoday, many scores of little individual publications appearedand disappeared. Tens of thousands are unsuccessful intheir ambition as publishers of their own papers. Lack offunds was in most cases the reason of their premature death.Others expressed their personality in a few numbers of theirperiodical. They had said everything they had to say and sothey laid aside their pen and kept silent.Elbert Hubbard in his Philistine was one of the editorsof individual magazines who kept for nineteen years his manythousands of readers interested in the constant progress ofhis thought. But then Elbert Hubbard with his so manyvaried activities, with his singular talents not only to createthought but also action, could have published a daily news- paper in our metropolis and undoubtedly his circulationstatements would have fallen only a little short of thosepresented so gracefully during the last week by Mr. Hearstin his Evening Journal.But long before Elbert Hubbard's activities in EastAurora, Detroit, Michigan could boast of an individual paper. An Early Greenwich Village Magazine WHILE the Philistine was the forerunner of manyhundreds of journals and individualistic magazines inpocket-size, which came and went, his idea of a smallmagazine of protest was by no means original, not even inithe United States. In fact, right here among us in Green- wich Village, the very first periodical "of protest" saw thelight of the world et eo ipso expired gently.In October, 1827, a little sheet of sixteen pages, a triflelarger than the Philistine, THE SATYRIST, or THE NEWYORK SATIRICAL MIRROR, was published by a literarygentleman who concealed his identity under the pseudonym"Peter Pindar." The chief features of his magazinette werevery, very fine satires of prominent New York citizens,especially rich merchants were his prey, names which arctoday a vital part of the early history of New York. Hismagazine is unique, perhaps, among all the magazines onrecord for the reason that he followed his first number withthe third, explaining editorially, that he made to a certaingentleman in exchange for a sum of money, certain promisesto publish a satire on one of his business competitors. Aftercareful deliberation—and perhaps after the money was spent—he came to the conclusion that his promise had been toohasty and that it could not be combined with his dignity aseditor. Literary men in those days, as well as today, hadnot always the necessary cash on hand to make monetaryreparations. Therefore, "Peter Pindar" decided to do justiceto himself and to his patrons. For the second number hepromised that satire, "Whenever there will be a secondnumber this satire will appear." But there never was one.In fact, the "New York Satyrist" stopped publication after itsthird number, it taking the place of the second.Interesting is the narrative in the third number telling til about the editor's struggles with his printer. Times don'tseem to have changed very much. Printers and publisherswill readily agree. Reitzel's "The Poor DevilR" SEPTEMBER, 1900, saw the end of a famous Detroitnewspaper, known as "Der Arme Teufel," a little Ger- man weekly periodical founded by Robert Reitzel. Thepaper was obliged to suspend publication because of a lackof support. Reitzel carried it on successfully for fifteenyears, and for three years after his death "The Poor Devil"had been in capable editorial hands. But people wantedReitzel.A review of the rise, growth and decline of this uniquelittle periodical must, in effect, be an account of Reitzeraown peculiarities. Reitzel's battle-cry was "Death to hypo- crisy!" He was the foe of custom and conventionality. Strongin his personal prejudices and idiosyncrasies, he refused tobow to the spirit of the times. He insisted that the worldcome to him. He had many noble ideas, but he joined withno man in their indorsement. All his life he lashed men forlack of justice, and never shaded or inclined.As a business man he was grotesque. His paper went toEngland, France, Holland, Ireland, China, South Africa—ina word, to the ends of the earth. United with hisamazing mental stubbornness was a quality sweet and mild,and sometimes he dipped his pen in gall and wormwood, andagain he wrote with an Easter lily.ReitzePs "Arme Teufel" was first printed in a little stuffyoffice on Champlain street, near Randolph, Detroit. Theroom was littered with newspaper plunder; a few woodcutswere tacked on the walls; a batch of old papers were stackedabout; there was a bookcase in full view. It was a desolate,barren place, a mere loft, as it were.At one of the tables Robert Reitzel, the editor, usually satsmoking a long pipe with a huge bowl. He was a man ofmedium size, inclined to stoutness. He had a large head, broad forehead, small nose, small dark eyes, black, luxurianthair, inclined to curl, and, as an odd personal trait, occasion- ally sniffed the air by thrusting out his lips slightly as hewrote rapidly. He generally wore a white shirt, but was in- clined to be negligent in other portions of his dress.Reitzel was always absolutely ungovernable, and conse- quently the business management of his paper did not existat all. He refused to receive his best advertiser's card onone occasion, simply because the advertiser was overheardexpressing some heretical opinion. It is said that Reitzelnever solicited an advertisement in his life. When funds ranlow a notice, usually couched in comical style, would appear in"The Poor Devil," calling on those in arrears; and to makesure that the request was not to be construed as a beggingplan, Reitzel made it clear that his words were intended onlyfor those able to pay. There were many persons on his listsfrom whom he never expected money. Thus, obtaining cashenough to supply the immediate needs of those about him,Reitzel continued his paper with a free hand and after hisown good fashion of a knight-errant, hitting a head whereverone popped up.Reitzel's paper is without an index, and as "The PoorDevil" was published for fifteen years, the confusion involvedin discovering a former extract is well nigh disastrous.His biography of Shakespeare—only a fragment—is oneof the most beautiful things in the German language. Shake- speare was one of Reitzel's hero-men. So was Jesus Christ,and Reitzel was a free-thinker. But he admired Christ'steachings. The Scoop and Mr. Eaton ONE of the most unique magazines in the world is theweekly publication of the Chicago Press Club,"TheScoop." It is written by and for the active members of thePress Club. The active members of the Press Club are theablest writers and artists of this country.Chicago is one of the stations on the passion way of theAmerican writer and artist. Here is the clearing house forthe Western part of our country, and if Chicago be calledthe "head" of the West, the Press Club, with its old, renownedbuilding on North Dearborn street, might safely be called its"brains." From a four-paged bulletin recording Press Club news andminutes of the business meetings, Mr. Wm. Eaton, or "Bill"Eaton, as every newspaper man in this country knows him,created "The Scoop," a thirty-two-page magazine filled withthe wittiest and finest stuff my men who are the front coverfeatures of America's biggest' magazines. Only a man withthe individuality of Bill Eaton could have undertaken andmade a success of such a magazine. He is one of the oldest newspaper men in this country. Stories, which have gone onrecord since as having made world's history, were written byhim and sensed up to their real value. As dramatic critic hehad opportunity to lend a helping hand to those who havemade good since. He was always just and did not hesitateto come out with the naked truth. He condemned wheneverhe couldn't do anything but condemn. But he is known theworld over "as the one man who never said an unkind wordor added personal reflections to his purely professionalcriticisms." Eugene Field, Ben King, Stanley Waterloo, OpieRead and Colonel Visher were his daily associates in theirtimes, and all the others *who made the Nineties an illustriousperiod of American letters of the past century. Will Eatonlikes youth; he has an open ear for everything new, andwhat he did as editor and managing-editor a score of yearsago he is doing to-day. He grasps a story and its value, andhe does not hesitate to acknowledge it. The pages of his"Scoop" are open to everybody who has something to say,but it really must be something and it has to be saidoriginally.The "Scoop" is an inspiration to every writer and artist inthis country. If he "got there" and is enjoying the fruits ofhis good fortune, the "Scoop" is the connecting link betweenhim, now in the glory of his achievements, and those past daysof striving, aiming and of disappointment. And for him whois sitting in a hall-room hardly any more capable to believein his final success, "The Scoop" is a consoler, a sign-post.A sign-post that seems to spur him on his way, on thatendless road to success. Michael Monahan ONE name stands out among the present day literateursthat will mean to all our sons and grandsons wh#t itmeans to a few of us to-day. Michael Monahan, the patriarchof American essayists who created for themselves a magazineof their own, speaks to us like the long unheard of voice ofidealism, which we buried a long time ago in the hustle-bustleof life. He calls back to life the subconscious longing forquiet, for peace and for beauty. He knows that the chiefessence of life are small details that seem to us mere trifles.He portrays life in detail, and therefore he creates master- pieces. It was in some gallery in Bruxelles, oh, so many years ago.I stood in front of a colossal painting by some old masterwhose name I have forgotten. The painting had made aprofound impression upon me. A kind old gentleman, whohad also admired the painting turned to me and said: "Youngman, you know that if you would take a pair of scissors andcut this canvas into pieces of one square inch, each little piecewould represent a masterpiece itself and would create in youa similar impression as does this painting."Often after I have finished my day's work, and I take upone of Michael Monahan's books to read, before I delivermyself to that generous benefactor, Morpheus, I think of thatold man in the gallery of Bruxelles. No matter what page I open in his "Palms of Papyrus" or some of the volumes ofthat old incomparable small Journal of his, "Papyrus," or if Ihappen to glance through a page in his present magazine, THEPHOENIX, I find that every sentence is a little masterpiece.His essays, his stories, his aphorisms, are like an oldVenetian mosaic: the best of material, wonderfully shaped,colors and form masterfully selected, placed with loving careone next to the other.And we look at the masterpiece after its completion. It isjust what it seems to be, so natural, never artificial, alwaysselect but never selected. The Speculator Cafs Paw HIS wealth is imaginary, and nowhere. He contractsdebts, and calculates on miracles to pay them. Hetrusts everybody, and everybody trusts him, while the ballcan be kept up; and when it falls to the ground, they all rollaway and perish together. The idea of owing more than hecan ever reasonably expect to pay, does not rob him of awink of sleep, or disturb his repose for a moment. "Eat,drink, and be merry, for to-morrow we die," is his maxim;he livens as if the world were at his command; he despisesthe sordid maxim of cutting his coat according to his cloth,for the cloth belongs to others; he goes the way of all flesh,and when his books are examined by the assignees, it isfound that, though he has lived like a prince, and spent hishundreds of thousands, he never was worth a farthing, whenhis debts were paid.. .. V - - Lillies Mildred Antisdale IN the hall of a rich, college dormitory was a wide bowl ofwhite lillies.They were so huge and so white that they could be plainlyseen from the avenue. The girls who passed in and out didnot see them. They were accustomed to lillies and to rosestied with yards of pink satin. They had pearls, too, whichlooped twice and clasped with diamonds.On the avenue was a very poor dray-man. He saw thelillies."They make me think," he said, "of the first dawn inSicily." Pen, Paper and Ink "\Y7H0was it blackened my glistening glitter?"W asked indignantly the Pen."Who* has transformed me from rags to my presentbeauty?" wondered the Paper."I did," said the Ink.The Poet, who had listened to their conversation, smiled. A characteristic anecdote is related of an out-at-elbowspoet, who, by some freak of fortune, came into possessionof a five dollar bill. He called to a lad, and said—"Johnny,my boy, take William and get it changed." "What do youmean by calling it William?" inquired the wondering lad."Why, John," replied the poet, "I am not sufficiently familiarwith it to take the liberty of calling it Bill" Books and Magazines of the Week Rogue Redivivus "Rogue," that delightful magazine with a checkerboardcover, with Dame Rogiie's charming talk a la MadamePompadour and with its little illustrations of nudes, hascome to life again. Like "Phoenix" the imperrisable bird, itemerged from the ashes of its short-lived semi-monthlyexistence to become a monthly magazine four times its oldsize. Its checkerboard cover had been adopted since by"The Lamb" and a new cover, a human face rising out of ablack and white checkered toga, has been adopted. It is atoga pretexta, the red being distributed tastefully here andthere.Allan Norton, its editor, (the possessor of the only pair ofsoulful eyes in the Village) assembled all the stars thatshine on the Village firmament in the columns of his paper.They will also glitter their best on September 29th at theRogue's Ball, to celebrate the debut of the new-grown"Rogue." "September Morn" it is called, and Florence Gougharranged a Fashion Show that will demonstrate ad oculos ofthe rogues at large, what she would like to see them wear onSeptember morn."Rogue is a little merrymaker, its pages are filled with somuch freshness and so much gladsome spirit that we dohope its journey will be not only a pleasant but also along one. The "Little Review" Margaret C. Anderson has made good her threat to leaveempty pages in case she didn't find stories, articles or poemsworthy to fill her magazine. Thirteen pages of the Septemberissue are blank: beautifully creamed manilla paper suiting tothe eye and pleasing to the tips of the fingers that glide overit. Bob Minor, who is with both feet and his hat in the ringof the labor fight in San Francisco, contributed an interestingand poignant article: "What can a poor executioner doagainst a man who is willing to die?" Frank Harris' Oscar Wilde book is mentioned in threelines and then there is some other stuff in the remaining six- teen pages that is not so important but what it could just aswell have been left out.The redeeming feature of the "Little Review" for Septemberare three lines mentioning Frank Harris' work. It showsit's editor knows Oscar Wilde and Frank Harris. The "Poetry Review" The fifth issue of this new periodical devoted to poetryand forthcoming from Boston, contains an excellent "Noteon Steven Mallarme" by Richard Aldington and specimensof French war-poetry by Kate Buss. The amiable AmyLowell again has her conspicuous page, but this time shecongested her rather lengthy (in space) poetry into "poly- phonic prose." She calls it"The Cross Roads." Here area few of her polyphonic creationes."The sun in the sky is a fat, red plate. She screams andcowers, For the green foliage Is a roaring wave surging tosmother her.""Yellow stillness is on the crossroads, Yellow stillness ison the trees." The "Ink Pot" The business interests of Greenwich Village found a hand- some organ in"The Ink Pot:" Mr. Peter Newton's newmonthly magazine. The first number, which arrived on ourdesk, contains timely columns of barter and exchange trans- acted in the shops on Village soil. The frank admission ofMr. Newton that his paper will serve as an advertisingmedium for the home industry of the Village makes itvaluable to our shopkeepers as well as to the reading public.It will do a lot of good as a guide for the many sightseersdrawing the border-line between art and business, betweenhistory and the creations of merchants. We hope it will doaway with spectacular bohemianism, represent business a$such and leave creators unmolested by sightseers. Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings (Dramatic Criticism) Momus IF there is a country in the world that seems to be pre- destined to give birth to the drama of the big kindsurely it is America. The inner meaning of drama isconflict, is fight, its characters are taken from the mostintense life of our surroundings, from human nature,as Shakespeare says, to serve it as a mirror., But wherecould one find so much intense and picturesque life inthe whole world as it can be found in America; uponwhose vast and large spaces all forms of strenuous lifeare represented and all conditions of such life. Whereelse is there a capital city that could be compared to NewYork: the concentrating lense through which everythingis reflected existing in this multiform country, all cosmo- politan tangles and also everything really American.Conflicts are there and combats everywhere. Contraststhat clash one against the other and grave wrestlings ofindividuals with themselves. American life bubbles likenew wine, all one needs do is put it upon the stage—andthere it is, the Comedie Humaine: tragedy, tragiccomedy, comedy and farce.But what do we see upon our stagfes? A few of lastweek's new plays are typically representative. Therewas for instance, "Caroline" by William SomersetMauphan in the Empire Theatre. An import from Eng- land. A real London "polite comedy." Its success inLondon was based on its dialogues and what pleased thepublic here was, again its dialogues. Nothing but dialo- gue. Mr. Mauphan is displaying pyrotechnics of wit thatbear unmistakeable resemblance to the real brillanceOscar Wilde used to present to his listeners. It was thegenius of a Wilde that elevated his artistically glitteringword plays to art. Mauphan's endeavors remain arti- ficial. It is left to the actor to supply art to his work—and Margaret Anglin is a fine comedienne.The Booth Theater offers a pantomine: "Pierrot theProdigal," that is quite a ways from being the long ex- pected American drama. It is imported from Paris andis not even new. American authors who had their say this year likeRichard Walton Tully, the author-, productr, have theirplays laid in American surroundings, but like "TheFlame" in Mexico. In a Mexico, that including theAmerican appearing therein, does not at all exist: just amiscarriage of Tully's imagination, hopelessly romanticand hopelessly impossible. Not to mention his last actswith their unartistic political polemics——a ruin of allthat went before.Frederick and Fanny Hatton in "Upstairs and Down"(Cort Theater) attempt to use the home of a Long Islandmillionaire for a nice little comedy. The antithesis ofthe palatial living quarters of the master and the kitchenis designed to create the contrast. It is an excellentdramatic idea. Herman Sudermann used a similar ideain his famous "Hbnour," contrasting the front and theback of the house, but what do the Hatton's get out ofit? A little bit of mischief caused by a very improbableyoung girl and a few comic episides, but like Mr.Mauphan they are masters of a comic dialogue—andthe audience laughs. Good actors like Courtoney Foote,Fred Tidon and Juliette Day know how to serve theyrpublic the dramatic dish. It is only good to look upon,the audience goes home hungry."Polyanna" is a new play at the Hudson. Rather itis not a play at all, it is a novel. But no one will deny"Pollyanna" has her charms. Even for one who hasn'tread the "best seller," whence it derives its origin. Adarling child is the heroine and another dear child is one iof the other actors. Patricia Collinge plays Polyannalike a real child; Jimmy is only twelve years old off thestage. But children on the stage are a captatio benehvolentiae that never fails.American life rolls on like a gigantic dramatic whirl- pool; its image on the stage is a peaceful murmuringbrook. The Book of Bargains I— A Study in Murder By Vincent O'Sullivan AS I got out of a cab at Piccadilly Circus, I was hailed byGladwin. /"Just the man I was looking for!" he cried. "Let us gosomewhere and have a drink."At that moment a glass of brandy happened to be the thingI wanted; so I followed Gladwin to the Criterion readilyenough. Besides, he was excited: and people are alwaysInteresting when they are excited."A man feels strange," said Gladwin, sitting down by atable, "when he looks around this place and thinks thateverybody in it will outlive him.""Do you feel like that, by any chance?" I asked, lightinga cigarette."Yes, I do. Let me tell you this, my friend," he went on,In his earnest, impulsive way, which was wont to become alittle wearisome: "You know that I'm not much better thana pauper. Well! I'm sick of slaving away for a wretched,paltry salary, and I'm going to end it all. I've thought about it for a long time, and something that happened to-day hasquite settled it.—By the way, do you think I'm mad?""Oh Lord, no!" says I."Because I'm not. Now, you know as well as I do, thatall this time, since luck has taken to using me as a football,I've been kept together by the thought of Margaret. I thought,that somehow or other, if I only pegged on, I might—Well! I have seen her to-day. She was kind enough to statethat she could never marry me, and that her father didn'twant her to see me again. She was also so good as tomention that it would be insane, considering my position, forher to marry against her father's wishes. Then she spokeof you.—Hullo! you've upset your glass! Waiter, anothersoda and brandy here!—As I was saying, she spoke of you.She said that her father was most anxious to.have hermarried to you, and was doing his utmost to bring about thematch. I suppose you never did have any feeling in that wayfor Margaret?""My dear fellow!" "I thought not; and I told her so. Besides, I said that youwere too good a friend of mine to try to step into my shoes.But she only shook her head, and went out of the roomweeping. And so to-night I'm going to end it all! In yourcompany I'm going to do everythink that makes a man's lifebright and merry; and then I'm going to blow the soul outof my body somewhere by the river.—You'll come with me?""Yes—of course!" I said, with a slight hesitation. "Butwhat are these things that make a man's life bright andmerry? Only the usual stupidities—dining, a theatre or music- hall, and all that!""But it is these very banalities that I want!" exclaimedGladwin. "I have done them so often when I was fairlyhappy, that I am anxious to learn what they seem like on thenight when I'm going to die. Meet me for dinner at theBerkeley at half-past seven."As I drove home to dress, I took this letter from mypocket and read it again:—"1 write to you because I know that you are such a truefriend to us bothy and have so much influence with my father.I need not protest that I love Mr. Gladwin with all my heart;but how can I tell him so, when my father will not even speakto him! Please, please try to do us good, to make our livescontent. Perhaps you will think it a fine and great thing, toserve two creatures who can never repay you.—Margaret/""How odd it is," said Gladwin, as we strolled towards theEmpire, "that all this stir and bustle which I am in the midstof to-night, will be going on just the same to-morrow night,as though I had never existed.""Yes," I replied; "how proud you must feel as you moveamongst this commonplace throng! Dr. Johnson said, thatwhen a man has resolved to kill himself, he may go and takethe king of Prussia by the nose, at the head of his army. Itis a fair question whether a man has not a right to take leaveof life when it ceases to charm—to be beautiful.""If you are so much in love with suicide," says Gladwin,rather irritably for him, "why on earth don't you do it your- self?""Oh! I have a great many reasons. The chief of them is,that so many people depend on my life. Take my valet, forinstance. That young man supports his mother and threesisters. Now if I were to die, I should be a cause of mis- fortune to all of them. No; I cannot commit suicide, becauseof fny valet.""Of course you are right," said Gladwin, as we turnedinto the theatre; "and I am a fool!""Are you under sentence of death ?" a woman asked Glad- win in the promenade, as it is called, of the Empire.She laughed, and disappeared in the crowd. I turned toinspect Gladwin: and indeed he had a low look. His facewas pale and wet: there was nervousness, fatigue, even fear,in his demeanour. Seeing these things, I led the way tothe bar."My friend, when I look around this place, with all itslight and joy, it almost tempts me to give up the game," saidGladwin, with a glass of brandy in his shaking hand."How few people there are in the world who have thecourage to give life the slip!" I murmured, as if in a study."Men talk glibly about death being preferable to the smallestevils of our lot: but it is when people come face to face withdeath that they wave the white feather in a vehement anddegrading fashion. There are but two sets of heroes in theworld—the Anarchists and the Suicides!" "You don't mean to say I'm a coward?" Gladwin rappedout with a flush."Really, I was hardly thinking of you. I have concludedthat you intend to go back to your drudgery; to seeMargaret——""You thing wrong," interrupted Gladwin. "Let us get outof this damned hole—it stifles me!""When Margaret wept to-day," remarked Gladwin, as wesat to supper in the Hotel Continental, "do you know I—that is, it just occurred to me, that she might love me afterall!""One is usually deceived in these cases," I said, drawingon the table-cloth with a fork. "You wish her to love you,and naturally twist every unmeaning thing to your ad- vantage.""You know best," answered Gladwin, filling his glass. "Ifshe loved me, you would be first to notice it. Margaret hasa beautiful mind," he added after a bit, "I hope she maynever be unhappy." And with that he put his hands to hisface—to hide his tears, I think; because he laughed so loudthe next moment. Notwithstanding this merriment, I thoughtit wise to purchase a small flask of brandy as we left thehotel."If I think of the time when I was a lad, it just takes theheart out of me!" declared Gladwin, as we walked, throughquiet streets, arm-in-arm to the river. "My people werealways so good to me; and the dear old place—"He chocked. "Try a little of this stuff," I said, offeringmy flask.He took a long drink; and then we went on for a while insilence."I know I wasn't born to end like this!" he broke out sud- denly. "I'm not clever, and I'm not much good any way;but I've never lied, I've never cheated, and I don't think I'veever spoken a bad word of any one. By God, I haven't!And now nobody cares for me, and I'm being paid out like ahanged dog!"We had come to the Embankment by this time, so I turnedon him with great indignation."And do you think I would stand idly by and watch thisperformance," I exclaimed, "save that I am sure you cannever continue your mean life! lam sure, too, that you couldnever bear the thought of Margaret in another man's arms;but from what I've heard '"Please don't add the last straw," he screamed out in asort of agony; "let me die without knowing that!— You arethe best friend I have ever had," he said, taking my hand,"the best friend that any fellow ever had."I pressed his hand, with real feeling. Then I lookedaround, and noting that we were free from observation, Isaid:—"I think I will stop here, while you go on to the bridge.Never fear, old chap, I shall see the last of you,—'tis all Ican do!""Good-bye," said Gladwin; "God bless you, my friend!"He went forward a little; then, much to my annoyance (forI dreaded lest some should find us in company), he cameback again, showing a ghastly, twitching face."If I thought that Margaret loved me " he mumbledin his throat."She shall hear of your death," I murmured, "and shewill be sorry for you!"He nodded his head twice, as if satisfied, and went to the bridge. There he climbed upon the parapet, exploded a pistolat his face, and fell forward into the water."Did you see that suicide?" says I to the policeman whocame running up."Yes, sir," answered the man, fumbling for his whistle."I had nothing to do with it, had I?"He stopped short and looked at me narrowly. I fell toexamining my cigarette to see if it was burning well. Hewas a young man, new to the police service, I should think.Doubtless I impressed him—in my favour, I mean: I do soimpress people sometimes."You, sir!" he exclaimed, and shook his head. "Oh dearno, sir!""That's all right," I said.And then I laughed. Two People The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno "First of all," she started again, "you must go out andbuy me some clothes. I am a perfect thirty-eight, and itwon't be hard to get just what I want. Buy me a tailorrmade suit, the plainest you can get. Buy me a fewshirtwaists, and here is a list of all the other things Ineed. I made that list out several days ago. Now don'tbe afraid. Go in a big department store. Go at first tothe transfer department and have them give you atransfer slip. Then go to the trunk department and buya big, heavy trunk. Tell the manager you wish allpurchases you are going to make placed in this trunkand sent to your address. Do this, please, in your name.Teiil them it is for the maid of your aunt, or somethingof that kind, and they will give you the right kind ofstuff."I realized for the first time that she really did knowwhat she was about to do. It struck me as wonderful.That girl brought up in luxury, had actually the grit tostart a new life, really a new life. She wanted to im- prove the world and started out by improving herself.It was Hercules' work, planned for weeks ahead, perhaps,down to the most minute detail.She handed me two hundred dollars and a long list ofthings I should purchase. Her hands seemed so strongand so sure I could not explain how it happened, whatinduced me to say it, but I believed it was the best bit ofinspiration I had ever had in my life."Look here," I said," I see you really mean what yousay. I feel you are going to do what you intend to do.I don't know what vocation you like to follow, but I knowone thing! there is a lot of trouble and disappointment,humiliation and hard work in store for you. I know youare prepared for the worst. Why not do it immediately?I think I know a way where you could carry out yourplans. Instead of giving to the world one useful memberof society you could bestow upon it the gift of two."Marry me! You will have all the troubles you haveever looked for in your life. You will face economicproblems you never dreamed of and still there will beplenty of time left to be happy and to enjoy life—reallife, far away from society and from teas and that sortof thing. Will you marry me?" and I could not restrainfrom grasipng her hand. Gossips of Spoon River In Our Village Harrison Hale Schaff, the soul of John W. Luce &amp; Com- pany (Boston), was in New York last week and stopped, ashis father and grandfather used to, in the Brevoort Hotel.He has great plans for the next season and a few of thebooks he contemplates publishing will be a valuable additionto the books published in America, worthwhile reading. Mr.Schaff is an idealist and does not take off his idealism withhis coat if he buckles down in shirtsleeves to real workin his publishing office. He is one of those nowaday rarepublishers of books who care more for a work of art thanfor the artist; who care more for the value of the contentsof their books than for the advertising value of their authors.Alice Palmer, who runs the renowned Greenwich VillageStore, was the first victim of the new . compulsory law whichdeclared the Benedict Apartment House strictly men- bachelor's quarters. She and her multi-coloured libraryoccupy rooms back of her store.Mrs. Thompson, formerly of Thompson Street, right aroundthe corner from Bruno's Garrett, opened a new shop in thebasement of 64 Washington Square. The elaborate prepara- tions with saw and brush which were going on for the lastfew weeks promise an exceptional display of things unusual (1in her new location.Thompson H. Rich, known to the readers of Bruno'sWeekly as poet of verse libre of the very new kind, acceptedlast week a position as associate editor of The Forum.Ezra Pound's parents were sightseers in Greenwich Vil- lage last week under the able guidance of Alfred Kreymborg(Mushroom). They viewed all the purple and orange shopsin the vicinity, they dined in our queer eating-places and wehope that their report to Ezra across the pond, will not betoo unfavorable. Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrire every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. The First Real Man Mrs. M. M., (Dallas, Texas) I HAD had a dozen kid sweethearts of the type that swearself-destruction if their affection is not reciprocated, thenI the next week are worshipping at another's shrine.Many times I had said to myself, so wearied was I ofI this puppy adoration, "the first real man who comes into myllife and offers me love, my surrender shall be complete.":f And so it came to pass. I meet him, a settled, dignified manof the world. His interest in me was flattering and myrespect for him (no love as yet) was unlimited. When hessked me to marry him I was completely carried off my feet,my sensations were indescribable, a dream coming true.However, I refused at first, but his persistance proved hissincerity and we were married.Seven years it has been and mere words cannot convey toyou the depth of our happiness. I find the eighteen years dif- ference in our ages "just right."The wonderful attributes of his character I have absorbeduntil I know I am a better woman than any other companion- ship could have made me and my youth has kept my husbandfrom growing older and our marriage from becoming com- monplace.From experience I know the first essential to real happinessin marriage is respect, love follows, then (like the proverbialfairy tale) you live happily ever after. He Found his Mate E. B. W. (Okla.) FOR the simple reason that I found the sweet little girl ofmy choice—one that promised to be my faithful com- panion (and has) until death parted us.It was in the~year of 1905, myself and others were work- ing at the Pruning trade of which we covered a large scopeof country, and of course we boarded wherever there was anorchard contracted to prune. At the little town of Oklahoma, I met the girl that later became my wife. Littledid I know then that she would become the one that wouldjourney down the road with me to the world beyond. Weboarded at her home something like ten days and at nightwhen supper was over we would have a friendly talk or shewould play some on the piano, and so this continued untilwe left another place. It was something like a year afterour stay at her home that my folks moved to this town, atwhich time we renewed our friendship—friendship grew intocourtship and after a happy courtship of about a year wewere married to each other.I can not say that our married life has been the happiestone. on earth but we have retained our love for each otherand are today blessed with three bright eyed girlies. Thelife of all lives is the one that has a home to go and a sweetgirlie wife to welcome his coming—where you can hear thelaughter of your kiddies and sit away back in your rockerand forget the toil of the day. Love a la Poet D. G., (N. Y.) GEORGE Moore it was who wrote, "Marriage—what anabomination! Love—yes, but not marriage. Love can- not exist in marriage, because love is an ideal, that is to say,something not quite understood—transparencies, color, light,a sense of the unreal.,, And she who is now my wife and Iboth agreed: "Love—yes, but not marriage." Pure Platoniclove it was at first—the glorious joy of companionship—two young hearts thrilling together in the mutual appreciationof all things glad and beautiful. What had we to do with theworld? We were content. Our love was ours to do with aswe wished.But love grows as a speed, when planted in rich and fertilesoil. From the love of companionship grew the love ofprotection, that which is akin to paternal love—the desire ofthe one to do those little things which make life easier andsweeter for the other. Happiness increased with the in- creasing knowledge of each other. Next desire came, un- bidden, and we knew that sexual love was born, that lovewhich is the crowning glory in the spiritual relations of allhumanity. Was it fear which awakened in us the thoughtof the marriage ceremony—the wish to protect each otherfrom the sharp stings of malicious ever-wagging humantongues? The easiest way was the conventional way—noquestions would be asked, and the respective families,hitherto not considered, would be conciliated. "Blessingsupon thee, my children," fervently uttered by a generationwith standards different from our own, might mean a certainsatisfaction when we, too, grew old. Marriage is beautiful,is as in the quatrain by Richard Le Gallienne:"Like to the intertwisted melodyOf harp and lute shall our true wedding beAnd such a marriage of fair music makeThat none shall separate the Thee from Me."If there is music, what matters it if it be played on achurch organ or on a figurative, and more poetic, harp andlute? Yes, we had our reasons when armed with a licenseand a gold band ring we entered the Church. And who cansay there is not a thrill in hearing pronounced: "Those whomGod hath joined together let no man put asunder." Todaywe proudly say that that queer little imp call Regret hasnever crossed our threshold. VOLUME IIBRUNO'S WEEKLYBound in white linen clothTWO DOLLARS, postpaid DEATH?■For the best single title(in twenty words or less)that fits both these picturesDEATH will pay $000Manuscripts should be addressed toThe Contest Editor of Death,00 West 01st Street,New York. TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give jour standing order for Bruno'sWeekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it prorqpdisastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you have missed on the news-stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches froma two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or giYe a standing order to your news-dealer. The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AftermoMfrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Squar*"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Ungev.ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—MotherGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquethings to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Are.N. Y. C. Phone Spring 23 RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison. mm■M$■Lrftmm1mi$5.00THE JPIR1T OT XMASS\r&gt;X&gt;bvorciq$5.00wmmmm:&gt;;v&gt;mmd■¥-mmI»i.': ;r-v;Ulfi8r$5.00$5.00SIXTY THOUSAND ORIGINALDRAWINGS OF AMERICANILLUSTRATORSRose O'Neil, Opper, Harrison Fisher, Barton, CasselPughes, Hassmann, Crawford, and Many OtherAmerican and Foreign Illustrators Whose DrawingsHave Appeared in the Foremost American IllustratedMagazines from 1880 up to DateI HAVE purchased the original drawings andpaintings which you have seen reproduced onthe pages of Puck and other prominent periodicalsduring the last thirtyrsix years. They are a splendidcollection of the early work and of the best workof America's foremost artists. They show theevolution of the American comic paper from itsinfancy to its present standard as well as the in-dividual evolution of the artists. They are anunique kaleidoscope of the manifold interests ofpublic opinion during the last two score years.There is the period where New York with its cease-less building underground, overground and on thesurface was the target of constant banter. Thereare the political cartoons, a conclusive demonstra-tion why Cleveland or Roosevelt or Taft had to beelected and why Bryan and Roosevelt weredefeated.RARELY will there be an opportunity again topurchase these originals, welcome in the den,in the library of a private home, and appropriateon the walls of public libraries, of museums and ofpublic schools, at such low prices as I arti offeringthem now. Many are priced as low as twenty-fivecents. Only a few are marked higher than tendollars.You are invited to call at my store and view thecollection leisurely or inquire about the work ofillustrators you like. I will gladly quote youpictures and prices.HARRY STONE,BOOKS and DRAWINGS137 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORKFor Three Dollars I will send you post-paid Ten Original Drawings of American Illustrators. Bruno Chap BooksNo.1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WildeThe first American reprint of one of themost wonderful poems of the author 252. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his little wingsbefore he stings and annoys .253. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg's Mushrooms are recognizedpoetry. The Mushroom stands for a simpleexpression of thought in simple musicalrhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one man whospeaks to his fellow-men—just to the one whomight find in four or six simple lines ofrhythm the revelation of the rhythm and theharmony of his own simple life .504. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown .255. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde .256. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno .257. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg .253. Vignettes, by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three ehief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty ©112 sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897 509. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state with-out a Constitutionj and the daughter of aronin, a robing soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessive arnd intenseas Poe's on strictly realistic lines, fte utmostbounds of expression are reached, even hisoriginality is aggressive 2510. Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido Bruno .2511. Edna the Girl of the Street, by AlfredKreymborg . 25Cause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none 2512. Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in red blood,tinted by the golden sun, formed and shapedby hands who know the labors and pains ofmillions scented with good-will towards every-body and emitted with pure love 25No.13. Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno $I*.oo14. The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno .5015. Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid".2516. Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-tors and producers of vers libre who thinkthemselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write in rhyme...... 17. Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord Alfred Douglaswould have laughed at the idea that he wouldwrite a book explaining away his friendshipwith Oscar Wilde. As editor of "The SpiritLamp," a magazine published by JamesThornton, High Street, Oxford, and edited byLord Alfred Douglas, he seemed to be adiligent imitator of his friend Oscar. Heimitated his style in prose and in poetry.Whenever he received a contribution fromOscar Wilde it was the main and leadingfeature of the issue .2518. Sadakichi Hartmann-a Dream?-Permanent Peace: Is it19. Charles Kains-Jackson—John Addington Sy-monds A PortraitThe life-long friend of the English poetgives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto, a since forgottenliterary periodical of England, in 1897 20. Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Wo-men—Rhythms and 5 Drawings 21. Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks22. H. Thompson Rich — Lumps of Clay—l 6Rhythms 23. D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-day Musings 24. H.Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—17 WarPoems 25. Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Reli-gion, a bibliography 26. Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C.