The mask 8 3 May 1918 naau_1918-05_01 The mask 8 3 £ 14,647 1 TO THE PUBLIC. 1 LIBERTY : EQUALITY : FRATERNITY 1 EQUALITY. (A SAILOR SPEAKS): Captain Marryat cre 1 FRATERNITY. Beranger cre 1 DEGRADE FIRST THE ARTS IF William Blake cre 2 GROUND PLAN OF THE OLD THEATRE OF COVENT GARDEN: LONDON. DEGRADE FIRST THE ARTS IF YOU WOULD MANKIND DEGRADE Illustration 2 YOU WOULD MANKIND DEGRADE GEORGE III AND BLAKE 3 THE PLOT IS NO THINNER. 3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 ENGLAND FOR THE ENGLISH. by Gordon Craig. A 14 th Chapter to "On the Art of the Theatre". 4 HPf IF* l\/f A OT/ 1 Iff i \/| \IKLJL JL 1° AA V A MONTHLY LEAFLET THE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER THREEADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE ALL RIGHTS RESERVED MAY 1918Gerente responsabile: Giulio V anzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY. £ 14,647 YOU ask for Proof that William Blake was a great artist.You have it here. That William Blake died in 1827,that it is more than eighty years ago :... here you have it.It is necessary to kill a great artist to discover our owncm A I mPQQPROOF FROM CHRISTIE'S!!!The Celebrated MONEY PROOF ! !The ALL-LOWEST VERY NEARLY ATTAINED.Courage, Dear Friends, one Last bold Effort and the Pit is ours.£ 14,647 is the sum paid at Christie's last month for afew of Blake's masterpieces for which your ancestors paidhim about £ 300 in all; pitying him as an insane man. Youtherefore make a profit of about £ 14,300. Think of it!...such a Profit is almost sacred;... weep, crocodiles.... butwhence came those long ears of yours?Now go and read GILCHRIST'S LIFE OF WILLIAMBLAKE Published by John Lane. Continue to hold theopinion that your treatment of his work while he lived wasanything short of ignorant, lest we accuse you of ruining yourwhole NATION not through Ignorance but through a hatredof great things and great mem." And if a Great man di arise, my dear Semar, doyou know what we should do with him?... we shouldKILL HIM ". So said a Patriotic Englishman to me lastyear, a nice fe110w.,., all of us like him: he is charming, too.This not uttered regretfully, comically, as one who slipson orange peel.... n0.... uttered fiendishly and with all the con- centrated fury of the dwarf's advocate. The fury of the Littleman is the most hideous kind of all. His fury is a pity,but not fatal; for, when a great man arises he will be thefirst to hail him.... he always does : like Wells, like all so- cialistic souls. They cursed Buonaparte and obey him best.It is only your Tallyrands, your silent quiet knaves, who trapNapoleons ; and if you drag down a master statesman youwill drag down a seer like Blake, like Whitman, and har- rass the minor artists such as Chatterton, Francis Thompson,Dowson, and a hundred hundred others. (Continued on page 10) TO THE PUBLIC. O REMEMBER o ALWAYS to make ONE moreBOLD EFFORT to achievesome fresh noise*Never forget this... One more boldeffort.... does it. Kill beauty andachieve Vulgarity by one trumpet more...one more howl of Ignorance... aboveall destroy Blakes and Van Goghs,oh most moral distinguished joy-riders, byyour funnyness. Never cease. Christie andTime will prove you wrong..... nevermind; be drunken and be damned,most noble Public, you ruler of allbut yourself, Kill to prove the kind- ness, not the cruelty, of nations; toprove the beauty of Democracy; forit was certainly not the spirit of auto- cracy which caused George 111 to utterthe now celebrated mot reprinted hereon page 10. It was only George Ill'sdemocratic funk which loosened theshudder. Boredom such as his is thevery essence of Democracy. I mean ofcourse modern and popular Democracy,not the noble Democracy of Athens andWhitman : Athens which, by the way,stabbed one Socrates in the back.Boredom, the pose or the mood ofthose too weak to command and tooweak to obey. LIBERTY : EQUALITY : FRATERNITY „ Libertas est potestas faciendi idquod jure licet.Liberty is the power of doing thatwhich the Law permits. EQUALITY. (A SAILOR SPEAKS): Captain Marryat. The service is a rough, but a goodschool, where everybody finds his 1e- ve1,... not the level of equality, butthe level which his natural talent andacquirements will rise or sink, him to, inproportion as they are plus or minus.* * * *Equality! I mean no disrespect toyour father, Jack, but he must beeither mad or foolish, if at his agehe has not discovered that there is nosuch thing in existence. FRATERNITY. Beranger. Pauvres models, tant de haine vous lasse;Vous ne goutez qu' un penihle sommeil.D'un glohe etroit divisez mieux I'espace;Chacun de vous aura place au soleil.Tous atteles au char de la puissance,Du vrai honheur vous quittez le chemin.Peuples, formez une sainte alliance,Et donnez-nous la main. DEGRADE FIRST THE ARTS IF William Blake. GROUND PLAN OF THE OLD THEATRE OFCOVENT GARDEN: LONDON. DEGRADE FIRST THE ARTS IFYOU WOULD MANKIND DEGRADE Then explain how such men are allowed to spend theirRhetoric in the service of the All-Lowest.... dragging down...filling the mob with a grand idea of itself.■ The people have been nothing; they must be every- thing n. Two lies in a single double-jointed sentence, for thePeople have been everything; take care lest they becomeworse than nothing.The Living Arts, the Living Artists must be honouredby England, (not merely by the Christie thumb mark eightyyears too late). There must be no more excuses, no moreof that kind of shirking which George 111 indulged in to thegravest loss to his nation when he was shewn some drawingsby William Blake, and said, " Take them away. Takethem away!!" (vide Gilchrist, 1907 edition, page 265). I am one of the lower class who write this. I holdthat there are three classes. I am of the third. I have al- ways thought and felt what I say. Our duty is to becomeeverything we can become, not by push but by being no- thing :... that is by minding our own business. Our firstduty is to feed and clothe one another. GILCHRIST'S "THE LIFE OFWILLIAM BLAKE. " {John Lane).A REVELATIONWhat ? how can it be a revelation ?the book has been known for years.Oh yes, KNOWN,... as George 111knew his foremost Poetic Genius,KNOWN as the Blind Man sees eve- rything, and the Deaf hear everything,Yes, known as we know a storm iscoming but are too lazy to really takeit in. Take it in now, Children,...Take it in... Out of the Storm. Takein William Blake and learn as quicklyas you can everything he can tell you.... Quickly, quickly, believe all he tellsyou : it's true... He doesn't teaze atired world with Politics, nor withReligion, nor with Art. Nor withmoralizing, nor with a Patriotism basedon Profit and Propaganda; nor withanything. He is just a great Poet, agreat Artist, a perfectly sane thinker, andabout the sanest Englishman we everhad. Take him to Court, to the Em- bassy, to the Consulate, to the Church,to the Salons, and buy every copy youcan get hold of of this life of his, andgive Wells, Shaw, Futurists and allof the modern men a rest for a while.After you've understood Blake you'llsee where Whitman is; then the restof u5.... And do stop thinking, andcomparing and discussing the merits ofDwarfs when these Giants stand thereoffering you a NEW WORLD.«I For THE CONSTRUCTORS OFTHE WORLD are not Wells, notShaw, not Wilson, not Clemenceau,no, nor the great Alfred.... and nota Committee.... rest to these perturbedspirits.,., but are William Blake andWalt Whitman and their kith and kin.Whitman sang songs for Democracy.How is it the swing is so regal ? No one yet has ever explained this.William Blake didn't bother hishead about Democracy... and yet goodDemocrats find his Songs Divine.Then perhaps p-e-r-h-a-p-s there issomething which can become even morepopular, less vexing and twenty timesas successful as Democracy... as Aristo- cracy.... as Autocracy and all the rest ofthe Hocus-Pocus. Why not haveTHAT in place of Fudge as afoundation to a new world? C'EST L'IMAGINATIONQUI GOUVERNE LEGENRE HUMAIN.Napoleon I. YOU WOULD MANKIND DEGRADE GEORGE III AND BLAKE IT is the gravest responsibility to be a King. So gravethat few monarchs succeed in the difficult task.To be grave enough one must be able to be merry.Louis XIV, Charles II and Henry Vli I excelled in gra- vity and laughed often enough. All real Monarchs.But George 111, well, we know as little about him ashe knew about William Blake: our fault, but of little con- sequence ; whereas George Ill's ignorance of William Blakewas full of unfortunate consequence to us all.HIS IGNORANCE OF WILLIAM BLAKE is whatmatters. Never mind whether he cared for Blake's WORKor not;, that is the secondary question. Blake was one hissubjects,... one of the Sons of the Land of which he,King George, was the Father.To have brushed away the works with 'Take them away, take them away* was bad enough,... bad manners ina great gentleman: not to have regretted his hasty actwas worse For to be proud of its faults is not the prero- gative of majesty. But worst of ail was it to have failed toremember that William Blake was one of his Sons, nowproved at Christie's Auction Room to have possessed amost successful genius in his person... now therefore provedto have been worthy of, at any rate, as much Royal patro- nage as Charles II bestowed upon Purcell or Louis XIVupon Scarron.Poor King to be blamed for what was probably thefault of his courtiers.* * *Poor Courtiers to be blamed for what was possibly thefault of the weather....We can leave William Blake and the weather together. THE PLOT IS NO THINNER. O Rosenkrantz and Guildenstcin. O,f Something is rotten in the state ofDenmark "• R. He is mad.G. No, my dear, do not let us saythat. The danger to Denmark istoo great for us. Think of whatit would mean to us if he cameto the throne?R. But how can that be prevented?.... he has the people's voice.G. Exactly. But you and I know howto manage it so that the voice ofthe people .... ehem, the voice ofGod, .... shall be raised in favourof another,R. Who?G. Laertes.R. What? .... that awful person?G. Awful or not, he has the primaryqualities necessary for a modernleader.R. And they are....?G. Weakness, fear of us, and no senseof humour,R. There you are right. Prince Ham- let is intolerable,... A pack of faultyideals, honest, and always laughing.As I said, he* s mad.G. No, no, n0.... he is the sanest manin the land.... but the countrycouldn't stand being strung up tothe point he would tune it to.R. That I realize,... but how pre- vent it?G. A little diplomacy does it.R. But how convince the people ?G, Praise the third-class gentlemanLaertes for the qualities which thethird class people possess. Lowerthe standard, my hoy; cheapen ideas. No one knows how to dothat better than you do.R. And wreck Denmark.G. Exactly Let your every otherword be " The PeopleH. Flatterthem by sympathy, lay it on witha trowel.... There is no surer way...is it not as old as the hills?R. Say rather 01der.... it* s as old asthe worm under the hills.G And therefore sound and ne- ver to be forgotten.... primitive, andso apt to be forgotten because sosimple.R. But the men of the land, I fear,have too much hard common-sense...too much old-fashioned loyalty;they will all vote for their oldmaster* s son.G. Not if you persuade their womento show them that they, their menfolk, are being swindled out of anessential of life.R. That's impossible.... one can'tlive in a million houses. Our di- plomacy would succeed only whilethe men were out at work,... whenthey came home our diplomacywould be laughad away.C. Not so quick! You must persuadetheir women they too are beingcheated out of an essential, andthat to get this back they need thevote. Put the sexes against eachother. If you were able to awakendiscord between England and usyou can do it between man andwoman. Will you do it?R. (After a momentary thought abouttechnique). Yes, 1 think I can pro- mise that. But you have to take intocalculation that it may mean....bloodshed.G. It will mean no such babyish thing. Women have their own weapons,far deadlier than you seem tothink. Why, dear Rosie, you arean idealist,R. Well, I always like to think thebest of women.G. Women are just like men. Thereare a hundred women idealists toevery ten men who are idealists.But as, thank God, there are amillion men of the other kind, ....the practical kind we want, sothere are ten million women equally.... open to reason.R. (in a burst of abnegation) ; Whata great man you are, Guildernstern! ENGLAND FORTHE ENGLISH. ENGLAND FOR THE ENGLISH.by Gordon Craig. A 14 th Chapterto "On the Art of the Theatre". I wrote most of this book between1905-7, that is to say eight yearsbefore this war began. I tried to awa- ken the apathy of England in our branchof public service... The Theatre, sothat it might invest ability with autho- rity. I did not know nor do I know,.,nor, it seems, does anyone know, whoit i 5,... whether People.... Rulers on Indi- viduals.... who are privileged to investability with power. I know, however,who it is that robs ability of power.Instead of doing as I advocated,England prefers to invest incapacity withauthority.I see that a small section of ablemen in every branch of public serviceare still making the same attempt at thetwelfth hour, and that a hundred otherequally small sections of able men aremaking counter-attempts, the majoritylooking on all the while like a rathersurprised and slightly irritated giant....wondering what new argument the in- capables will put forward to misrepresentand disparage ability; Net result, misrulein many branches.We still have the worst theatre inEurope. It became so increasingly underthe government of some who should neverhave been in authority on account oftheir nationality, and others who shouldnot be in authority now because theyare dull, and piously obey the 11th com- mandment, n Thou shalt non-commit. nThese who were allowed to governus were even knighted for their abilityto ruin the Theatre of England. Theywere in every way assisted not becausethey showed genius or talent, but becausethey showed " push " aad were supposedto give the Public what it wanted.They were a timid group of menwho gave what would pay.... at thecost of the Nation. It stands provedtoday. The present Theatrical stateof England is a farce.This isn't the time to think of Thea- tres, I am told. Indeed, how truethis is. When was it ever the timeto think of anything except when ra- ther late the joys of catching atrain just as it is going out of the sta- tion I know I know. But catch- ing a train and building up a nationallife are two different things surely?Risk missing the first, but take no risksat all about the second. Am I wrong ?The Theatre... and its Art... is ofas vital importance to a nation todayas yesterday.Everything is of importance nowonly twice as important as before. The poor fellows who have losttheir sight in these battles against a foewhom we still refuse to believe is ca- pable yet of organizing victory, arelucky compared with those groups who,born with sight, have refused to see.These groups of unauthorized busy-bo- dies whom we have allowed to ruleover us and postpone everything becauseeverything was " Impossible n thesemen who would rather see Englandbeaten than open their squeezed up eyes.Why are these groups allowed tostill have their fatal say ?If they have been muzzled fromdamaging any further our Army, ourNavy and our other principal services,they are still allowed to go unmuzzledand snap and bite at our Arts.... andthese, if I may be allowed to repeat it,are branches (call them minor branchesif you wish), of Public service. Anymen or women who have whole-heart- edly devoted their daily lives, theirhealth, their best, to any branch of Arthonestly and not for sake of gain andnot with timidity, have been faithfulPublic servants. Too many so-calledartists are no such thing. Gain andcelebrity being their two ruling passions.But in each branch of Art there havebeen one or two men and women whohave done their duty ever since theyfirst put their hands to the task ofserving honestly the land which gavethem birth. These have almost withoutexception been acknowledged by thePress and by their fellows, and rejectedby the 11 Authorities ".... who somehowor other in the matter of the publicservice of Art, seem under the thumbof unauthoritative busy-bodies.Every branch of service is of valueto a nation and should be kept up tothe mark : for even if the weak spot bebut in a single rope a ship can be sunk :....the single loose horse-shoe nail hasbeen known to lose the whole campaign.But to the point.I take no sides. I belong to theheart of my nation or nothing. I knowthat in that heart I shall find everyman who is good for something master of his own job and no one else.The rest have to do as they aretold ; if the heart stops they are oneand all lost.But England has not been broughtup to do as it is told for Demo- cracy is so safe it saves 11 every- body's " face. How we can stand forthat before the common enemy overthe seas, goodness only knows.I admit that it is only a pretence:—■ we are not a scrap Democratic atheart then why this humbug this ugly pose of hand on the heart andthe vulgar protestations ?11 But you do not make yourselfclear. ,f What ? Can I be guilty ofthe fault of the Democrat ? Then letme be clearer.I want 'Reality to take the placenow occupied by Policy. I wantreal beings in place of cyphers. Realartists honoured and the host of pre- tenders put back in their place.I want every branch of public servicefilled with men who are ahead of thetimes rather than behind them.When this is done I and my brotherartists will not be compared with ourapes and Democracy will no moredisturb and ruin our beautiful islands.We glow nowadays about the navyand the army and utterly forget thatthese magnificent services are governed.... by Discipline.... authority,... andobedience n look slippy, do as youare told or clear out of it" Influential " ladies and gentlemenand idlers, ignorant of all things, are nolonger allowed to meddle there.Their 11 influence !i must be also re- moved from the vicinity of the Arts.They must resume their place in thecrowd. For it is they who brought usinto this state of unpreparedness andit is they who, since war commenced,have never ceased from putting theirblight upon every capable man's actionand every noble and practical plan.Authority must be re-established.Not Prussian authority Englishauthority. But Authority..,, whichmeans that the Rulers must be obeyed.Instead of six hundred ruling in theirmiserable and malicious underhand way...Pride and Prejudice must clear off.We must reduce the Rulers to ONE.One head to each branch of publicservice, and this head must be givenentire authority, and it must not betampered with:.... it must be entireand lasting.He must be selected for his Abilityfor what he has done not forhis influence or his gift of the gab, andnot because he belongs to a famousClub in Pall Mall, Piccadilly or Gar- rick Street. When he has been chosenhe will know the right men to selectto carry out the necessary reforms inthat branch of Public Service to whichhe has the honour to belong.In the Theatre of England you mustsearch for a man who wants nothingfor himself,... but nothing short of ALLfor the Theatre. Only he can save theBritish Theatre.