Bruno's Weekly 2 12 March 18th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-03-18_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 12 Florence Gough Illustration 1 Washington Square Alfred Kreymborg cre 3 The Last of the War Correspondents. C. A. Logue cre 3-5 Pax Vobiscum Guido Bruno cre 5-7 Summer and Geese Robert Carlton Brown cre 7 Oscar Wilde Guido Bruno cre 7 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 8 At a Railway Bookstall Frank Browne cre 8 Hors d'Oeuvre Tom Sleeper cre 8 Egotism Ann Eliot cre 9 A Fable. Dorothea Loomis cre 9 Seventeen. 9-10 Henry James W. M. Reedy, in his Mirror cre 10 In Our Village 10-13 Original Drawing by Rudyard Kipling from the Collection of P. F. Madigan Illustration 13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-15 Book-Plate Notes. 16 Bookplate by Clara Tice Illustration 16 ' The Miscellany," the official organ of the American 16 Sonnet A. R. Bayley cre 17 Wall Street Reflections Junius cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents March 18th, 1916W» and Q, Copyright March 18th, 1916, OrigiiMil matter, mchidmg a#may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit is given I#author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO PLAYERSATCHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT H(X TEN FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.C,gkjI khb [ mamMiss JuliaA Naturalistic Tragedy, In One Adl By AaguttM»ss Julia Laura ArasMJean Langdon GlDefChristine Alice Baker1% -mtlm ptmx m Mid Summit Em kt Mr At Count&gt; Cawwfty ImmGUIDO BRUNO, lUpr LANCOON CfiJLET, tWwEVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,«♦ P.M. and SATURDAY at 8 o'clock.ONLY 100 SEATS. AT ONE DOLLAR EACHrtWMttllilOX OFFICE* to FIFTH AVENUE* «r I* Maft Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 12. MARCH 18th, MCMXVI. Vol. 11. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued.) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, *N. Y.i- October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Florence Gough Washington Square Alfred Kreymborg Nineteen youngsters and a squirrel,thirty-seven peanuts in a bag,(Come to-morrow, Tummy-ache!)Sun grinning gold,Sky grinning blue,Earth grinning green—and the old! The Last of the War Correspondents. C. A. Logue WITH a Russian bullet in his heart, Baron von Kriegelsteinlies somewhere in the melting snows of East PrussiaAnd there are no more war correspondents!The restless driving soul of him is stilled forever; the dashfor telegraph lines, the cat-yowling of a hundred kinds ofshrapnel; the tense dawns before thousands died in China,Manchuria, South Africa, Cuba, Venezuela, Bulgaria, Tripoli,Mexico; the—everything that made von Kriegelstein the truewar correspondent—is over.But he must not pass out without one bugle call that willreach over to him, wherever he is in spirit, to let him knowthat our heads are more erect for him, our hearts' pulse betterand our eyes shine moist as we stiffen in salute to the last ofhis tribe.Baron, with your rolling voice, your grim mouth, your boy- ish eyes—for the Hell they have seen on earth—and yourheart as democratic as only the true aristocrat can be, thisis the bugle shrill that is trying to reach out to your ears, coldin the Russian snows, to tell you we have not forgotten!If you are dead—even authentic press reports sometimesspeak wrongly—it is fitting you should have died as you did,with your face to the Slav you have hated, amid the wildestpassions of men and just when the glory of your race of cor- respondents was fading. For it would have been beyond en- durance that you should sit miles behind a firing line actingas messenger boy for the information some commander want- ed to have you print to mislead somebody.On the eve of the greatest war, when the true military ob- server, with accumulated knowledge of twenty-six campaignsis counted dangerous even as a friend, there is nothing else for Baron von Kriegelstein to do but to die. The last ofhis kind, he went out properly, as his father before him andhis brother at Mukden. True correspondents to the last.At forty-one years, he is dead. You shall judge if any manlived more in that span. Over the world he went for twenty- one years, watching how men fought. Not one instant ofthose years passed when he w~s not either at war, or hurry- in/ to get to another. 'So peaceful is the world."It was on Governor's Island last June that General Evansintroduced me to him. I got to know him better as we waiteddeath together in Mexico. In fact, I know I should haveflunked in the few hours before our escape if it had not beenfor his courage. Suppose I sketch some of the high lights.Governor's Island, one summer afternoon. A boominglaugh in headquarters followed by a rataplan as the othersjoined in. lam introduced to a thick-chested man with wiry- reddish hair, narrow red-brown eyes and a very foreign mous- tache, which nowadays denotes militarism. A baron, re- marks General Evans. Ho, ho! I think. This is good. Butlam an American newspaperman. I will tolerate him, beinga Democrat. Maybe there is a story in the fortune hunter.Perhaps a funny story, whereby we can display true equalityby mocking him well within the libel law of course. Maybehalf a column in him.Officers entered and are introduced. One stares at him, acaptain he is, and remarks: ' Didn't I see you in Venezuela?""Perhaps," the Barion replies offhand."You were commander of artillery for Martos in the rev- olution against Castro!" the officer blurts out as sudden rec- ollection sweeps over him.They speak swiftly of governments made and destroyed,and General Evans cuts in:"Baron, do vou remember in China, the day before Pekin?Your Germans were a little lively.""Pardon, General," von Kriegelstein answers, "I am anAustrian."It is evident there is a difference in his mind between them.The Baron continues lightly: "For the French we have sym- pathy, for the Prussians we have pity. It must be terribleto be a Prussian and take life so serenely." He is smiling ashe says it, but the smile flickers out, for they do not under- stand.He has spoken the soul of Vienna, with its light operas andfluff of evenings that top off through business day, the daythat is through because it is German and ended with laughterbecause it is Austrian.I learn he l as just left Albania in revolt and is hurrying toMexico. All his life it had been like this. The way the offi- cers consult with him on things technical of war, brings adoubt. Shall my half column be funny after all? This Baronof Austria is evidently a great correspondent or else the offi- cers would not consult him. I shall accompany him back from the fort and get a story on condition between the UnitedStates and Mexico.And so it starts. Several stories of him are written forthe New York "Tribune." Every day I meet him and listento his fascinating tales of adventure, told in the offhand waythat brings conviction.One day he is missing. A week passes and Richard Hard- ing Davis having contrived again to be arrested in Mexico,I am to get my first taste of war corresponding.A week later it is Monterey, the first day there and a badone. Carranza has made an anti-American speech in thePlaza Zaragosa the evening previous. I am with FranciscoUrquidi, now Mexican Consul-general to New York. Urquidiis suspected of being Villista, for already the break betweenVilla and Carranza is at hand. Gringos are unpopular. Gen- eral Gonzales, the saturnine one, who masks his eyes withdark spectacles, is unfriendly.From a drug store opposite the Hotel Iturbide I hear arolling guttural voice. Instantly I know there is only onesuch voice in the world, and I rush out to the street. Thereahead of me is the baron, in a resplendent white uniform,with his eternal camera and binoculars. We greet hurriedlyand noisily. About us cluster the street people. Then forthe first time I am surprised at the baron's manner. VonKriegelstein roars at those nearest and strikes one over thehead with his heavy cane. They fall back and we go to thehotel. Pax Vobiscum Guido Bruno. JT seemed so impossible that human beings unquestionablyintelligent, strong and weak as you and I, shoud goout and fight, strike blows, kill strangers, burn down prop- erty that is not their own in the name of patriotism or loveof the emperor or for the sake of some other "ideals" thatare mere superstitions, that are not more real than a butleris a part of a happy home. And while our newspapers feaston war news, on editiorials that comment on the war, onattacks against those that are supposed to have incited thewar, while preachers are praying for peace and condemningin their pulpits those that caused this wholesale butchery,while the cleverest writers of both hemispheres are makingmoney hand over fist supplying publishers wholesale withtheir views on the war situation, whilethe fashions are influenced by militarism, while society folkstango and drink tea for the benefit of wounded soldiers, I amliving quietly in dear old Greenwich Village. Who bothershere about the rights and wrongs of European nations? Twothings only interest us of this quiet vicinity; that there is started a war that converts into a devil's kitchen Europe, themother of our civilization and the final end. Who causedthis mix-up, the why and the when, the contents of the whiteand gray and orange papers of the nations setting forth theirown views on the situation, don't mean anything to us.Mostly emphasized is the fact that thousands are beingkilled daily and millions endangering their lives. Aren t weall under indictment of death every day, every minute of theday? The soldier who meets his death on the battle-fieldmight have died just as welt on the same day, and the samehour of the day, by accident, he might have been run overby an automobile, or hit by a brick falling from the housetop.Maybe you are not a fatalist and I grant you the right tobelieve anything you might choose, but you cannot deny thatdeath is hovering above your head as long as you live. Butdid you ever consider that the same patriotism to which youascribe the bravery and self-sacrifice of your European war- riors, makes murderers out of men who never would havethought to commit murder as long as patriotism was notforced upon them? Just think of your own father or yourbrother, or think of yourself driven by patriotism to enlist.A gun is thrust into your hand, and you, who always haveabstained from doing things you could not discuss with yourfriends during dinner, you go out, knock down a man, shootdown a man whom you have never met before, who neverdid anything to offend you.This war makes murderers, blood-thirsty beasts out ot menwho are patriots from sheer force of circumstances.And while the Circus Maximus with an arena that has forits boundaries the seas of the world is in progress, we, theinnocent bystanders, are invited to act as noble Romans, sit- ting in our comfortable chairs looking down at a conquest ofwild animals. , , . .Did you see them there in the purple-covered box, the gen- tlemen with crowns on their heads? Immaculate in the attireof their self-imposed offices directing the actions and at thesame time winking at us? .Panem et Circences! The American nation at large graspsthe situation and hastens to do more than the imperators ofEurope ever hope to achieve. .Bread and amusement is Europe s offering.The financiers take the bread; planning to capture thecommerce and industries of Europe supplying the non-pro- ducing nations of the old world with all they need to con- tinue the war, lending them money by the millions. And theAmerican people at large get the amusement, in newspapers,in magazines, on the stage, in moving picture theatres. 1 hereare even such among us, and in great multitudes, that are try- ing to dissolve the American unit formed by the conglomera- tion of all nations, taking sides with their own or their par- ent's native country. Poor devils! They left their countrythat meant nothing to them, that in most of the cases cou dnot supply their daily needs, that would gag them, lahe them, and make use of them in any way it sees fit wheneverthey would choose to return to their "dear motherland," amotherland that makes murderers out of her subjects. Summer and Geese Robert Carlton Brown. Her eyes lighted like a child's,A look of loving all outdoors was in them."Oh, I was out in snow!" she cried."Getting eggs from the woman under the hill.And there were a dozen geese in her yardFlapping and teetering happily on their crooked legsAs the snow flakes showered down upon them."She waved her arms with the free movement of wings;A gorgeous white bird herself, frolicking with snow flakes.The light of loving was in her eyes.She gave me the pictureAnd I have put it with my treasuresIn a handy place where I shall find itIn the summerWhen the geese are gobbling June bugs on the lawnAnd smacking their smooth yellow beaks over it,I shall find it then and wish for winterAnd wonder wistfully if she and I will be sharing picturesWhen again the geese are revelling in the snow. Oscar Wilde By Guido Bruno. THE greatness and beauty of the ancient Greeks and Rom- ans, the colors and opulence of the far Orient, intoxica- tion, over-indulgence, leading to the oblivion of the time ofNero; asceticism, incense, the gloom and inspiration of can- dles flickering in cathedrals and temples; clean men with boy- ish faces in white, gold and purple garb, and the sacred musicof the Catholic rite.Salf-sacrifice, gentle love of parents and children; martyr- dom; the Japanese effect of black trees on the yellow skiesof the dying sun; perfumes which take possession of thenerves; the sweetly sung lullaby that rocks the infant tohappy dreams and shrieks of drunken women in far East Lon- don's brothels; the red blood of murder just committed; thecharming juggling of words in the boudoir of a societywoman; orchids, Turkish cigarettes, oriental rugs, gems.Afternoons spent in admiration of a long forgotten andnewly discovered Madonna of an old Italian Master, an even- ing on the every-day stage of social life, and a night in anopium den; appreciation of everything done by men in thepast and in the present and an unmerciful condemnation forimitators, imposters and hypocritical morarists. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre The Bruno Players "Miss Julia" will continue on the program during the com- ing week. The performances take place Monday, TuesdayWednesday and Thursday at 8.45 p. m., and the Saturday mat- inee at 3 p. m. The curtain rises respectively at forty- five and three sharp, and the doors are closed during the per- formance. Late-comers are not being admitted. The nextprogramme will present a comedy of Strindberg which willprove that the Great Swede has the same sense of the com- edy in life that he has manifested so often for the inevitabletragedy. Also a war play by an American author, whichunrolls before our eyes a vivid picture of things that are orcould be, will be on the bill of which the first performance isscheduled for Monday, March 27. Musicales On Friday and Saturday evenings Miss Donna Faunce, asoprano, will sing a selection of songs, among which will be"The Birth of Morn." by Leoni., "My Laddie" by Thayer, and"The Cuckoo" by Liza Lehmann.William Stanley, the boy soprano, will sing Gounod's "AveMaria." followed by "Somewhere a Voice is Calling" and"Bring Back Those Summer Days."Mr. Morton Smith, who appears for the first time beforethe public in New York and who aspires to the concert field,will render C. B. Hawley's "Dreams of the Summer Night."His programme also includes "Invictus," by Bruno Huhn, and"Absent," by John W. Metcalf. At a Railway Bookstall Frank Browne. HAVEy ou ever thought how easily you can get away fromthe bitterness and tribulation of business life at a rail- way bookstall? Many have been the times when thingshave gone wrong, when men possessing authority withoutthe common sense to its proper use have made a pathwayhard and filled the heart with a stern indignation have Ifound that solace to the spirit; yea, and felt my life shakeoff its petty fetters in the silent suggestion of what is trueand noble in the mind of man in the title of a book.Blessings on these oasis in the desert of the world, wehardly realise what we owe to them. Hors d'Oeuvre Tom Sleeper. I rarely care to eat my shoesOr mix corn starch or pickles with my boozeNor yet to munch a salad dressed with ropeBut I confess—I do like soap. Egotism Ann Eliot THE World about me is a Desolate Waste, and the People,weeping, hold out their Hands for Pity as they passmy Door.Yet in my Garden are two Angels walking. The softradiance of Stars is above it and it is filled with the Perfumeof Flowers.Am I wicked that I cannot weep with the People, whenAngels are walking in my Garden and my Heart is filled withthe Song of the Stars?The World about me is like a Garden, ablaze with Color.And the People, singing, pause not at my Door as they goabout their Tasks. * * * But the Angels walk no longerin my Garden—the Flowers are dead, and there are no Stars.Is it wicked that I cannot rejoice with the People whenthe Angels have gone out of my Garden and the deadFlowers have left my heart full of Tears A Fable. Dorothea Loomis "TTHERE was once a man who devoted himself to his fellowcreatures. Such of them that is, as were in need. A lamedog or a deformed child caused him to shed tears, and a trampwas as the apple of his eye. He never forgot to put asheson the sidewalk in winter, or to carry flowers to the hospitalsin summer. He gave his employees good wages, good advice,and many holidays. He paid his taxes honestly and his duespromptly. He subscribed to all charities and visited slums onSaturday nights. And everywhere he spent freely of hismoney, his time, and his kind words.And in all this there was no thing he neglected except one—his wife.After a few years she began to notice this, and she said:"My husband is what is called a Humanitarian, and is con- cerned only with the sick or the sorry. I must endeavor tobecome either the one or the other."And so, finding herself in invincible health, she eloped withanother man. Seventeen. WERY ominous is the number 17 for Germany, accordingto an interesting calculation in a recent issue of "Figaro."Germany became a world power in 1871 (1 plus 8 plus 7plus 1 equals 17).The numbers affixed to the names of the Prussian kings inthe order in which they ascended the thrones of their ances- tors: Frederick I, Frederick William I, Frederick 11, Fred- erick William 11, Frederick William 111, Frederick WilliamIV, William I, and Fredericw III—summed up are again 17.Add together the number of belligerent rulers: George IV,Nicholas 11, Albert I, Victor Emanuel 111, Peter I, NicholasI, William 11, Francis Joseph I, and Ferdinand I, and againthe total amounts to 17. And finally there is the year 1916itself (1 plus 9 plus 1 plus 6 equals 17).While the editor of the "Figaro" denies superstitious in- clinations, he thinks it worth while to muse upon this mys- terious incident of the number seventeen. Henry James W. M. Reedy, in his Mirror. Henry James died the other day, as he had lived, anAnglicized American. The man had a mind. He had theroot of literary artistry in him. His was a genius forsubtleties and nuances. Even he loved the human beingshe wrote about, but with a sort of Sadistic joy in their psy- chologic vivisection. But he was a victim of style qualifi- cative to the last limit of tenousness, so insanely set tocatch the elusive as to miss the tangible. His writing wasmore difficult than Meredith's. No writer can live by stylealone, and the substance concealed in James' style was mostlynegligible when it could be trailed to its hiding place in hisverbal entanglements. In Our Village Original Drawing by Rudyard Kiplingfrom the Collection of P. F. Madigan Bruno's Garret and its Story AGAIN I am sitting here, in these old time-worn rooms,whose floors seem even more rickety, whose ceilingsappear even lower than before the fire, that mercifully wantedto assist Father Time, but did not succeed, in destroyingprematurely this oldest of all the houses in Greenwich Vil- lage.And now the landlord has put a roof over my head, mademinor repairs here and there, and if the winds do not blowto wildly and the snow does not fall too heavily, I will besafe until the mild spring winds usher in friend summer.It is a real garret and be it not the quaintest in New York,surely it is down here in Greenwich Village.The little shack which at present shelters Bruno's Weekly,Bruno Chap Books and myself, is nearly one hundred yearsold. It was the tool-house of a city undertaker, the residenceof Governor Lucius Robinson and a stage-house where thestage-coaches stopped and waited until the mail was deliv- ered and new mail taken on, it was a road-house where peopleused to come to spend their Sunday afternoons, and then inquick succession, is was a saloon and an inn.In the same rooms where a city undertaker prepared thebodies of the city's poor for their last resting-place on Wash- ington Square, then Potter's Field, where a Governor lived and held splendid receptions, where weary travelers found anight's lodging before they continued their journey towardsAlbany, I am sitting and writing these lines by the light ofan old kerosene oil lamp. It is Sunday. The lawns on theSquare are covered with mud, mud that had intended to besnow, will soon be soft green and the trees budding withnew life. The population of little Italy, back on Third street,is taking its weekly airing at the feet of their beloved Gari- baldi on the Square, the buses bring joy riders from the farnorth points of the city; and I think—how wonderful is life.From 1789 to 1823 Washington Square was a potter's field—where the fountains, Washington's Memorial Arch, asphalt- ed walks and the homes of many aristocrats stand, the poorestof the poor of our city were once buried in nameless gravesby the thousands.Number 58 Washington Square, the corner of West ThirdStreet, formerly Amity Street, an old time fashionable thor- oughfare, is the most forlorn looking two-story frame build- ing that can be found in Greater New York. It saw its bestdays when the horse-drawn street cars were in vogue.Historians of Manhattan Island have known that Wash- ington Square in its early years, was the burial field of thepoorest of the city. But no chronicler has ever told the nameof the grave-digger. Hidden away in the records of the TitleGuarantee &amp; Trust Company is his name. Daniel Magie. Andmore than the name is the interesting fact that in 1819 hepurchased from John Ireland, one of the big merchants, thecorner plot, now 58 Washington Square South, 21 x 80 feet,the same dimensions to-day. For this little plot $500 waspaid, and there very likely, Mr. Megie built a wooden shack,where he could keep his wooden tools and sleep.The potter's field had formerly been on Union Square. Alittle before 1819 the latter was fitted up more appropriatelyas a park, and the potter's burying ground moved westwardto Washington Square, then an out-of-the-way part of thecity. For three years Daniel Megie held the official positionof keeper of the potter's field, and as such his name appearsin the directories of 1819, 1820 and 1821. Then the square wasabandoned as a burial place and the potter's field movednorthward again to Bryant Park. Mr. Megie by this changeevidently lost his job, for in 1821 he sold his WashingtonSquare corner to Joseph Dean, and two years later the lattersold it for $850. It was about ten years later before pricesshowed any great advance. Then fashion captured the park,and. despite the enormous growth northward, the aroma offashion still nermeates the square, and the fine old fashionedhouses on the north side continue to be occupied by someof the first families of the city.It is a singular fact and one that the old real estate rec- ords do not explain, that this our corner was never fullyimproved. It is still covered for its depth of eighty feet withtwo-story wooden buildings, the corner being an ice creamstore, and they present a decidedly incongruous appearanceby the side of the fine old houses adjoining. Tradition in the neighborhood states that these woodenbuildings were once a tavern and one of the staere headquar- ters in the days of the early stage lines. In 1825, Alfred S.Pell, of the well known family, bought the plot for $1,000. In1850 his heirs sold it to Frederick E. Richards and he trans- ferred it to Peter Gilsey in 1897 for $9,100. In 1867 John deRuyter bought it for $14,650, and then Samuel McCreeryacquired it in 1882 for $13,500—showing a lower valuation.Early in the past century, John Ireland, who sold the cor- ner to the grave-digger, owned the entire plot of about 100feet front on the square, extending through to Third Street,then knwon as Amity Street. The fifty foot plot adjoiningthe corner is now occupied by two fine old houses similar inarchitecture to those on the north side of the square. Eachcover a twenty-five foot lot, being 59 and 60 WashingtonSquare, respectively. The latter is known as the Angelseaand has for years been a home for artists. The plot at 59 wasalso sold in 1819 by John Ireland for $500 to James Sedge- berg, a drayman, and it included the use of the 19 foot alley- way on Thompson Street, now covered by a three story brickhouse. James N. Cobb, a commission merchant, got theproperty with the house in 1842, and kept it until 1881, whenhis executors sold it to Samuel McCreery. Steinlen Exhibition Cartoons of Steinlein chronologically arranged as they ap- peared in ' Gil Bias." sixty-eight of the best he ever did, willbe exhibited until the tenth of April in Bruno's Garret. Sat- urday afternoon and Monday evening are reserved, as beforethe fire, for the purpose of keeping "open house."There are a number of letters and postal cards in the Green- wich Village Post Office (Alice Palmer's Village Store) whichremain uncalled for. They will be held for thirty days, andafter this period sent back to the sender or sold at publicauction, at the pleasure of Mrs. Palmer.The Washington Square Bookshop is now under the man- agement of its new owner, Mr. Shay, an old bookman andadmirer of Walt Whitman. One of his first publications tocome forth in the near future will be a complete bibliographyof Walt Whitman.Mrs. Russell, from Boston, staff member of "The HouseBeautiful," invaded the Village last week on her hunt for theunique and unusual. Small shops and curio cabinets are herspecialty. She gathered enough material during her shortsojourn among us to keep good old New England panting forquite a while.H. Thompson Rich, who wrote "The Red Shame" and"TheLumps of Clay," will settle down in the Village in the nearfuture and write the long-waited-for American novel. (Richsays so.)A new edition of Kreymborg's "Mushrooms" will be off thepress on April Ist. It will contain all those poems by AlfredKreymborg which appeared in Bruno Chap Books and sub- sequently in "Greenwich Village." Floyd N. Ackley, worker in crafts jewelry, and Edith, hiswife and co-worker, have recently come to Greenwich Vil- lage. In a blue and orange studio, at 139 MacDougal Street,just off the square, the Ackleys are interpreting personali- ties through the medium of hand-wrought designs in gold,silver, copper, platinum, precious and semi-precious stones. Books and Magazines of the Week KREYMBORG ushered into the world last Tues- day afternoon, in the comfortable rooms of the Wash- ington Square Bookshop, his "Anthology of the New Verse,"selected from the first volume of his magazine, "Others!" Often in these pages have I dwelt upon Kreymborg's maga- zine, and repeatedly did I point out that "Others" shouldhave contained solely Kreymborg's own poems, his shortstories, or his essays; and perhaps once in a while a one-actplay, as he has developed recently into a playwright. Theman who has difficulty in obtaining a publisher and whothinks his message important enough to impart it to theworld at any cost, has a right or better, the duty, to publisha magazine of his own. But also it is his duty to stop pub- lishing his magazine instantly if his song is sung, if hisstories are told and his message sent into the world.It was shortly after my arrival in Greenwich Village thatI met Kreymborg, that I read those poems of his which noone wanted to recognize as such. I published his little vol- ume of "Mushrooms" as one of the early issues of BrunoChap Books. I sent it out into the world as a challenge toour household poets and to our manufacturers of jingles."Mushrooms" was discussed all over the country. Para- graphers found in its pages a welcome repast which theyserved hashed and toasted to their readers, over and overagain.Kreymborg has been a philosopher for years. He has thegift to see the detail in life. He found his own solution ofthe most mysterious riddles of the universe. He found it inthe every-day life of man. He is an artist. Words are hismaterial; he expresses philosophy, evolution, temperament,moods through the rhythm of his words. The words are hisstatements. The rhythm is his color, his composition—shortly life.But he ventured out of his world. He left the quiet seclu- sion and went out into the community of men. They werewaiting for him. They, too, had words and rhythm. Butnothing else. They were enthusiasts or faddists—they knewnot life.Kreymborg took them under his wings. He neerlected hisown art and was the champion of other people's fancifulmachinations. He established friendly intercourse with thosepoets across the water who are doing things in their ownway—but nobody else could do it in their own way butthey themselves. Kreymborg founded a magazine. Andfurther and further did he drift away from his own self.Yes, there are good things to be found on the pages of"Others." But what has Kreymborg to do with all that? TheKreymborg who wrote "Mushrooms" and "Erna Vietek"?Last Tuesday he gave a reading in the Washington SquareBookshop. He did not read his own poems, he interpretedthe words of others, of those others whose godfather hehad been during the past year.A poetry reading in a large city is like a cool, white foun- tain in the hot dry desert.The doors wide open, a few chairs and everybody welcome.And the man on the platform or in the midst of the listenersreading his own poems. Reading his own works, going backto those times without printshops and without books, where the singer was the poet, and the narrator of the story washimself the book.Kreymborg is no reader. Reading is an art in itself. It isa lost art with us which I doubt very much will ever be re- vived again.But no one can read better Kreymborg's poems than canKreymborg himself.But he read poems by poetesses who are striving forthe unique and by poets who want to sing of something theydo not know. And the real Kreymborg was muffled andsilent; Kreymborg the publisher was the champion of hisauthors.But I see the time in the near future that Kreymborg thepublisher will have been thrown out of house and home byKreymborg the poet; and then the year 1914-15 will havebeen put on the high shelf of experience and of memories.And we will listen again to Kreymborg the poet. The Little Review Margaret C. Anderson's Chicago monthly, whose January-February number has arrived at our desk, contains a varietyof American and English contemporary poetry. But I thinkMiss Anderson herself should write a little more for her ownpaper. Her criticism is sound and she knows how to write. Art Notes That Benjamin West was a very prolific painter is evi- denced in an article in this little magazine published monthly"In the Interests of American Art and the Macbeth Gal- lery." In a catalogue issued in 1829 containing a list ofpaintings found in his studio after his death, no less than onehundred and eighty pictures were listed. They brought thehandsome sum of $125,000. The Branch Library News About the great American novel, that imaginary bookwhich people fancy will be written some day and which willbe typical of this country and its people, speaks the editorin the current issue of this helpful publication published bythe New York Public Library. It announces a memorialexhibition of Alexander Wilson Drake's wood engravings bythe art and prints division of the library. Contemporary Verse The bad poet, whose interviews and effusions are spookingin contemporary trade papers wrongly called literary or bookreviews, found in this new Washington, D. C., venture, a nicenest to hatch admirers, by expressing his own admiration fortheir unspeakable word machinations which they choose tocall poetry. In a recent issue of a "leading" literary weekly,he says: "Its poetry is admirably selected; it would be diffi- cult to find any other American magazine verse more not- able for originality and imagination than that which fillsthe February number of 'Contemporary Verse.'"Who is next in the self-admiration society? Book-Plate Notes. Bookplate by Clara Tice To answer a great many inquiries of the past weeks: ClaraTice ventured into the field of book-plate designing. A fewof her plates can be found in the catalogue of the exhibitionof book plates held in Bruno's Garret last year. Her book- plate designs are most appropriate for children's books andfor books on costumes and fashions. ' The Miscellany," the official organ of the American Book- plate Society which has been edited since its existence byH. A. Fowler, in Kansas City, will appear henceforth quar- terly under the editorship of Mrs. Elisabeth C. T. Miller.1010 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio.We find in a current issue of "The Miscellany" that Mr.Daniel B. Fearing, of Newport, R. 1., is making a check-listof Angling Book-plates and would like to hear from any col- lectors owning such, as he wishes to make the list as com- plete as possible.Under the auspices of the Palette and Chisel Club of Chi- cago, Winnifred and Leroy Truman Goble exhibited recentlytheir large collection of book-plates. Mr. Goble is a collectorfrom the standpoint of an art connoisseur. He is mostly in- terested in modern artists, American as well as European.Especially his collection of plates by Franz von Bayros is analmost complete representation of everything done by thisViennese artist. The exhibit was considered importantenough to be made accessible to the lovers of drawings andetchings at large, and was placed in the Fine Arts Museumin Chicago. Sonnet A. R. Bayley. The Louvre May, IS4S.Venus of Milo. Heine the Poet.H. Dear lady mine of Milo, I am here;V. To worship at my long neglected shrine?H. To drink perchance a cup of deadly wine;V. Wilh me to guide; what need is there of fear?H. Life is become a leaf of yesteryear.V. My poor pale poet—yet not wholly mine—H. Alas! the bitter Rood is for a sign.V. Woes me! the Christ steals my last worshipper!H. 'Twixt Heaven and Hell His torn hands beckon me.V. O for some isle Aegean, far away!H. Crawling from out my mattress-grave I came—V. Not one is left to call on Beauty's name.H. To bid my own heart's Queen farewell for aye.V. Ah Heaven! that I had arms to succour thee. Wall Street Reflections "Junius" may be the spice of life, but Wall Street doesn'tlike too much of this kind of spice served up in themarket.How much of the movement for the last fortnight was shortcovering and how much actual buying is not agreed upon.However, both factions heip the upward movement. Themarket has responded excellently to favorable news but thereis a great deal of criticism for failure to '"follow through" withthe push necessary to put prices. When earnings and divi- dends entitle them to be, a standard form of report to stock- holders (preferably quarterly if not monthly) should be mademandatory by law of this country for companies, so thatstockholders will know the true condition of business.Some years ago when the Interstate Commerce Commis- sion introduced a standard form for railroad reports, therewas a storm of protest, but no National regulation act everdid more for the good name of our country's railroad invest- ments. The time is ripe now for the stockholders to rise upand demand what is what.A very good case in point was the action of California Pe- troleum last week; the annual report could not be under- stood—and why not have the cards all face up.The best evidence of "'prosperity of industries" is the U. S.Steel Corporation report of unfilled orders booked.More orders are refused than are entered. Prices from $5to $15 per ton above current prices are offered for guaranteeof delivery.New contracts for war goods amounting to probably 50millions were placed in the last few days. This estimate isgiven upon known advance payments of about 10 millions. The way seems cleared for a good many stocks to respondto current earnings on war business of from 20 to 60 per cent.per annum. . .Those investing permanently, or who desire to handle theirfunds conservatively, should not be lured by the attractiveappearing war industrials; for the quick trader, yes—thestocks have their advantage.For the first time in history the industries of the UnitedStates are in the unique position of having "too much busi- ness." Wall Street has yet to show acute symptoms of recog- nizing the fact that this is a Presidential year.U. S. Steel &amp; Midvale stocks are among the cheapest in themarket—for the business is not of a transitory nature.Coppers are attractive and should furnish some dividendsurprises.The New Mexican crisis did not affect the stock market,which is a bit of evidnece of stability and hint of underlyingtendencies.The American Telephone &amp; Telegraph Co. report issuedMonday showed earnings equal to 9.09 per cent, on capitalstock. Number of stockholders 97,512, of which 32,000 areemployees,—the majority of stockholders are women.Less than 3 per cent, of Company's stock is held abroad, areduction of virtually 1 per cent, from year 1914. This showsthis stock is practically immune from danger of heavy un- loading by foreign holders affected by war rumors.Only an enlarged supply of new equipment will relieve thecongestion of freight from which the railroads are suffering. MUSHROOMSA Book of RhythmsBy ALFRED KREYMBORG17 cents postpaidBRUNO'S GARRET, 58 Washington Square, New Yerk THE BOOK OF REPULSIVE WOMENBy Djuna Barnes(Five full page illustrations), bound in boards54 Cents Post paid.BRUNO'S GARRET 58 Washington Square, New York RARE BOOKSFIRST EDITIONSIxtn Illustrated B»ok». Iwly Printed Books. AmocUUm BoeketBwCh for Christmas Gift*Purchased singly or la sets for people who have neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for those who hare not aecsss to thohost book marts. Why not begin collecting nowTAddress, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. The Candlestick Tea RoomTHE CANDLESTICK TEA ROOM has arranged apace forDancing every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday night fromeight to eleven. Good Music and Fine Fleer. Patrons of theTea Room welcome.17 WEST ITH STREETTEL. STUYVESANT ON For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SecPEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AMD INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookINWH I C Hwe say just what voe think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is a littltbook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-Three Weit Third Street, New YorkTon will find thle old ud plctureeqne Chop Room,TWO DOOBB EAST OF WBBT BEOADWATWe make a epeeUHjr of 6w Teed, Steak and Chaps•AMVEL 8. BKOAD, Proprietor Telephone* Bpriag SNiOpen Btcdlbbr nnttl Xfne SCHMITT'SBAKERY and LUNCH ROOMSO SIXTH AVENUEB«low Eighth Stmt NEW YORK Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno, ManagerThis Week's PerformancesMonday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersTuesday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersWednesday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersThursday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno PlayersFriday, 8:45 p. m. MusicaleSaturday, 3:00 p. m. Bruno PlayersSaturday, 8:15 p. m. MusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Discat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring 70a, with oarcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison