The mask 8 2 1918-04 naau_1918-04_01 The mask 8 2 SHOULD THE EAST. 1 PARISIAN STAGE OF THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY, from an Engraving by Jean de Gourment. Illustration 1 QTAND YE IN THE WAYS, AND SEE, AND ASK FOR THE OLD PATHS 1 EDITORIAL NOTE. 1 o RODIN PASSES, o 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 A WORD FOR THE WORKERS IN THE NEW MOVEMENT IN THE THEATRE. 2-3 Untitled Image Illustration 2 GROUND PLAN OF MOLIERE'S THEATRE 1640. STAGE Illustration 3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 WE call for a little better criticism from 4 THE ART OF THE MOVING 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 Tur A/I A QIS I I I|H \/\ / \ '"SK JL JL 11_J v JLjk jtL A A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER TWOADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Gerente responsabile: Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze, SHOULD THE EAST. PARISIAN STAGE OF THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY,from an Engraving by Jean de Gourment. YANG CHU SAID. HOW can a body possessing fourthings, a comfortable house, fine clothes, good food,and pretty women, still long for anything else.CJ I REPLIED. I desire only these four things, a Comfortablehouse, fine clothes, good food, and pretty women..,. Tellme, Yang Chu, how to get them,€J YANG CHU TRAVELLED TO EUROPE AND BEYONDAND, RETURNING, SPOKE TO ME AS FOLLOWS ;....€J RELIGIOUS dogma has frightened away pretty women.Commercialism has supplied tinned meats. Prejudiceprevented me wearing blue and pink silk, and Civilizationmade my house uncomfortable.* # SFC *€J Should the East once more be bitten by the gnat of aninsane ambition, the West becomes as an old grandmothers sstory, and is thought of no more. QTAND YE IN THE WAYS, AND SEE, AND ASK FOR THE OLD PATHSfcj WHERE IS THE GOOD WAY, AND WALK THEREIN. An old Prophet! EDITORIAL NOTE. o RODIN PASSES, o LET those who understand Rodinwrite about him, and those whocannot, appreciate him silently. Forhow can we understand a great mannowadays unless we comfort our un- derstanding by comparing him with thegreat men of the past ?The other day some one did this withRodin, comparing him to Keats, toMillet, to Heine, to Dante and others.q This is not the fault of thewriter, perhaps the first American cri- tic, because he has been taught todo so by some one or other. Whothe some-one was who started the habitit would be interesting some day tofind out. q Two fair examples of thishabit can be found in Mr. Gladstone'sand Matthew Arnold s estimates of Leo- pardi. The former, especially, is toogood to omit; so now for it:. . . areyou ready ?..."In the Dorian march of his,(LeopardVs) terza rima, the image ofDante comes before us; in his blankverse We think of Milton, whom pro- bably he never read; in his lighter letters,and in the extreme elegance of touchwith which he describes mental gloomand oppression, we are reminded ofthe grace o/Gowper ; when he toucheslearned research or criticism, he iscopious as Warburton, sagacious andacute as Bentley ; the impassioned me- lancholy of his poems largely recallshis less, though scarcely less, unhappycontemporary Shelley; to translation, Wespeak however of his prose translation,he brings the lofty conception of hisWbrk which enabled Coleridge to pro- duce his Wallenstein; among hisThoughts there are some worthy ofa place beside the Pensees of Pascal,or the Moral Essays of Bacon, and With the style of his philosophicDialogues neither Hume nor Berkeleyneed resent a comparison. nArnold rambles on also about Byronand Wordsworth two grave omis- sions in Mr Gladstone's list.Why this kind of Snobbery ? It'sstill done, too.From time to time, on coming a- cross any passages of like cheapness wemust just print them so that at the endof a year we may all of us have adainty little collection.®[ We hope that our Contemporary,under whose shadow we shelter, willforgive us for being so serious aboutwhat seems an essential to the futureof good criticism. A WORD FOR THE WORKERS IN THENEW MOVEMENT IN THE THEATRE. GROUND PLAN OFMOLIERE'S THEATRE 1640. STAGE " W/E have not won 0ur.... battles, we have notVV carried our main points, we have not stoppedour adversaries* advance, we have not marched victo- riously with the modern world ; but we have told si- lently upon the mind of the country, we have preparedcurrents of feeling which sap our adversaries' positionwhen it seems gained, we have kept up our own com- munications with the future ".Matthew Arnold, n Culture and Anarehy n. A THEATRE AT MANTUA.EIGHTEENTH CENTURY.Compare this and the plan of the Au- ditorium of Moli&amp;re's Theatre.It is needless to take up space towrite about these plans, but both areworth careful examination.From time to time we shall printplans of interesting Theatres, withoutcomment. COMPLICATED RUSSIA.The Path of the Modern RussianStage by Mr Alexander Bakshy, isa book which has lately come out (1),wherein the author thinks with extra- ordinary earnestness and does his workwith considerable care.I will not pretend that when I al- lude to the earnestness I undervaluethat quality; but it is inclined veryoften to be an enemy to simplicity ofthought, and in considering any work,(I substitute that word for art), sim- plicity of thought is the most difficultthing to bring to it, but the firstessential.The second essential, especiallywhen considering modern experimentsin the theatre, is that the writer shallhave as large a practical knowledgeof the theatre as possible. n I have never worked in the theatre 11 saysMr Bakshy to begin with ; yet hebelieves that the ideas he sets forththrow new light on vital aspects ofthe theatre.His apology is that he has appliedto the problem of the theatre the prin- ciples that he has formed in studyingart in general, and, with a feelingthat yet more earnestness is necessaryat this point, he adds that n theseprinciples rest upon certain philosophi- cal conceptions n, and after that getsas elaborate as a Russian drawing i infact, avoids what it almost seems hecould face successfully if he wouldbut embrace the state of mind to whichI alluded above.But there are many interestingchapters, not the least of them that onthe Moscow Art Theatre, wherein,among other facts, he relates, what iscertainly new to us, ....that whenMr Stanislawsky, ...(or, to give himhis name as in this book, ConstantinSergeyevich Alexeyev), threw his soulinto the creation of the Moscow ArtTheatre, he first collected a small capi- tal from a few patrons, ....somethingover £ 2500—o—o.0—0. in all, on whichto begin.Now, we had always supposedthat Mr Stanislawsky had put his for- tune, which was a considerable one,together with his belief, into the thea- tre, and that he had run it to beginwith off his own bat.One would not pay much attentionto this point had not Mr Bakshy begunby saying n there were innumerabledifficulties to overcome n, and did henot go on to say that among themwas the problem of finding the ne- cessary capital.But where was the difficulty or theproblem to a very wealthy man ?If any one of us had £ 30,000 or £ 50,000 or £ 100,000 do youthink the problem of running TheMasfe would be a difficult one ? Itwould be child's play. A very well- informed publisher told us in 1907that it would take quite £ 10,000yearly to run The Mask, and yet ithas been produced and run for overseven years with no more capital thansome ghostly few pounds ; and if yousay it is very little I must remind youthat, though this is true, it is as truethat it has done its share in changingthe Theatres of two Continents.Therefore to those who have hadexperience, ...and they are best ableto judge, it seems as though the goodRussians were making difficulties. Buthere one can see something more cu- rious. They are good Russians: letit go at that : but to be a Russian atall is to be a very complicated thing.If there are ten difficulties I supposethey must make ten more, not to showheroism in overcoming them ; I don tmean that ; but to have something tountangle, something to talk over 11 foreighteen hours on end " which is theexact length of time, Mr Bakshy tellsus, spent over the first conversationwhich took place between the two wouldbe directors in a Russian restaurant.In the light now being thrown uponRussian Politics this is not without in- terest. And it is because of this lackof simplicity of mind, not only in MrBakshy but in those about whom hewrites, that they will not, ....cannotis out of the question.... see the handbeforetheir face.Anything for a conversation lastingeighteen hours; ....anything. " I, thoughI be a millionaire, shall tell myself Ihave no money : that will mean visi- ting several people and discussing atlength, hooray! Because we are fullof dreams, we people, and ideas, and we love going over and over and overit and getting out of it some, ....alas,very material, factThe material fact which the Mos- cow Art Theatre gets out of this dis- cussion is Realism.To create a work of art you mustthink hot and quick. And I Englishman who knows anything aboutthe theatre what can be done with£ 2500 ? As for a Russian, I won'task him. He knows that it is all fudgeand that nothing can be done withtiny sums.... he has often told mehimself that Economy is a word un- known in Russia.Then why this elaboration ? Whydoes Mr Bakshy state such an amazingfact ? Only one thing explains MrBakshy, this fact about the MoscowArt Theatre, the Russian Ballet andthe modern Russian trouble: It is theirpassion for complication at all costs.This also explains, then, one ofthe chapters in the book which natu- rally concerns English readers morethan the rest, called n A Note on MrGordon Craig's theories n in which, alas,I am sorry to see that Mr Bakshyalludes to n the shameful indifferenceof the English public n. Well meant, butsurely creating an erroneous impression.Mr Bakshy does not understandsimplicity. He speaks of n the confusionof Mr Craig's ideas n for the very reasonthat they are so simple. Russians willnot see a simple idea : it is too easyfor them: they are too clever.Confusion of ideas, and, he adds,confusion of principles. He cannotunderstand, he says, how it is thatMr Craig expresses sympathy with theold English and Italian theatres andat the same- time discards much ofwhat they imply and wishes to discardmore.Now, if Mr Bakshy had said thathere was a confusions of sympathieshe would have only stated what weall know in England is very natural inan Englishman. We have no reasonfor locking ourselves in water-tight com- partments. We have sympathy withevery aspect of whatever work we haveput our hand to. It is this very sym- pathy which allows us to continue onour own road ; there is no danger thatwe shall be attracted to the right orthe left and devote eighteen hours todiscussing earnestly the pros and consof this or that aspect. We are slowpeople, but we are only slow in doinga thing. We see straight away andit is because we do not show anyastonishment when we see to the heartof a thing in a moment that the foreigneris inclined to imagine from our sub- sequent meanderings hither and*thitherthat we have not taken the whole inat the first glance.This English artist is able, whileprepared to give as long a time as maybe necessary to achieve his object, tosee in the Moscow Art Theatre, letus say, a hundred first class qualities : hestates these in print, and because hepraises them Mr Bakshy cannot under- stand how he can do so, having othersympathies as well and holding theviews that he does. Not that Mr Bakshywould like Gordon Craig to be a Pu- ritan; that would exasperate the Russian;he would have nothing to write aboutfor another celebrated eighteen hours*stretch.So it comes to it that for the sakeof facts about the modern Russian stagethe book must find a place in thelibraries of all those who are interestedin the modern theatre ; but for sheddingany light on English ideas or for hold- ing a match to the understanding ofEnglish psychology or for clearing theair of that curse.... energetic theorism,it cannot be recommended.In fact, from these points of view,it must be very severely censured.All these books which help to confusethe main issue, which is, that the Dramamust become dramatic ....all thesebooks are trash.We counsel all the younger wor- kers in the English theatre, those in- terested in seeing a good theatre de- veloped there, not to be frightenedof the Theatrical. Because though,in itself, it has very little to commendit, it has so treacherous an enemy inthe philosophical that it would bebetter if the whole of the Europeantheatre flared itself out in one mightyburst of melodrama than that this creep- ing paralysis, intellectualism plus realism,producing that profound conceit sogaily talked of by Gratiano, shouldcome and clog the way. THE LAST BOW. by Conan Doyle.(John Murray) 6/~net."npHE Last Bow n is by no means1 so unexciting as a widespread half- penny paper has made it out to be.The first story is perhaps the leastexciting of all, which makes me thinkit is the first one only that the re- viewer had read. But n The CardboardBox n with the two ears inside it, andn The Adventure of the Red Circle nwith the signalling, are distinctly thething : " The Dying Detective 11 is quiteour old friend again; n The Disap- pearance of Lady Carfax n is the mosthorrible disappearance possible, and that is saying a good deal. n The Adven- ture of the Devil's Foot n is a heinousthing, and " His Last Bow 11 is a bitof all right.I enjoyed every tale heartily, ....andI wasn't obliged to read more thanone story, was I ? MADAME DUGAZON DE LACOMEDIE ITALIENNE. 1755 -1821 .by Jean Jacques Olivier. (SocieteFrancahe dTmprimerie et de Librairie).Paris. 1917.HERE we have an example of anerudite book of History conjuredinto a graceful work of art.So natural this when we remem- ber that the writer is an artist whosedevotion to the theatre is passionateinstead of pedantic.Did he not devote many years tothe actual practice of the theatre inBrussels ? Has he not thereby learnedto think tenderly about these thingsinstead of feeling things in the chillyacademic manner ? And has he notproduced the wonderful book on LeKain, and the companion work on LaBarberina ? and.... but the full list ofM. Olivier's works is too well knownfor us to re-enumerate them here.His conferences are enchanting. Thelong white beard of the Historian iscast aside to allow passage to the nim- ble spirit of ever-living things.It was necessary, this book onthis actress, for, except in the Biogra- phies and Dictionaries, and the chapterby Emile Garboriau and the notice byArthur Pougin, nothing exists aboutMadame Dugazon. The Path of the Modern RussianStage, by Alexander Bakshy. (CecilPalmer &amp; Hayward). 7/6 net. - WE call for a little better criticism fromAmerica. n Vogue n, which is sold inthousands, or tens of thousands, should besurely able to afford to pay for a betterclass student of the stage; &lt;1 Mr ClaytonHamilton is not even eighth-class.In praising M. Copeau, one of the mostpromising of beginners, he bewails the chaosof this period of Drama, the jarring of newCreeds, and he adds to the confusion byasserting that Craig, Hauptmanri, Galsworthy,Maeterlinck, Rostand, Synge, Shaw, Belasco,and, he adds, Copeau, are all opposed oneto the other.... and he clasps his fingers,wrings his hands, turns up his eyes, and howls," What is a critic to say when he finds him- self dragged hither and thither by theseantithetic artists ? "Study, my dear Hamilton, study! ....Becalm:.... you will come through; only don'tbe the blind man in the game.... don't dodgehere rush there.... grope.... turn.... trip....and fall so often. Be steadier and stillsteadier. Be less catholic. The catholicfence is not so easy a spot to balance onfor long as the puritan mind conceives it tobe. Come off that fence, Hamilton.And, incidentally, don't strain your criticalfaculty so much till you know a wee bitmore. Your phrase that Gordon Craig s theoryis n excessive and insane " deserves all you might get from us over here. It is 1918,dear friend, ....by this time you might havegathered more than you seem to have doneabout the stage, and it will not do for youto assert that " Jacques Copeau is at allpoints opposite from this ".... i. e., Mr Craig'sTheory.... for it is not true....Let us tell you, my dear Hamilton, thatprevious to leaving for America M. Copeauspent a pleasant month here in perfect har- mony with Mr. Craig's theory, ....and whatis more, in still more harmony with his prac- tice. That is one of the reasons why M.Copeau is in America.... do not forget thateither. Furthermore, do not continue tomis-state Mr Craig's theory so perfectly. Itmay be mere stupidity, but it almost beginsto look malicious. You' ve done it . for fiveor six years now. ?! Since you began it youhave had time to understand and get straightabout it. " Excessive " artd " insane " arenot exactly sapient words for you to haveselected. Try once again, Hamilton;.... andif you fail again give it up and sell watercreases.By the way when a critic, without pro- vocation, attacks an artist, and " The Mask "goes for him as we are here going for MrHamilton, a cry generally goes up, " Oh,what has he done, poor man, to be attackedin this way ". If such a cry goes up nowremember the word Insane. THE ART OF THE MOVINGPICTURE by Vachel Lindsay: Mac- millan Co. U. S.&gt; A.ANYTHING that Vachel Lindsaywrites is to be read, and inwriting a book on the Cinema wesuppose he has the advantage of havingseen the best examples of what is calledthe n Art of the Moving Picture n.We do not think it is an art at all;neither do we think that the mostlauded examples which have come overto us from America are particularlygood. We saw " Civilization 11 byMr. Ince, and there was hardly a footof it that was not open to criticism.The main fault was that, spite of thefact that we were all told that vastsums of money had been put into it,only too little money seems to havebeen expended on it. When a couple ofthousand more people would have madean incident look more interesting theYe wasa gap; where an expensive actor was de- sirable a cheap actor was put in hisplace: where careful and costly researchshould have been given, it was lacking. We do not enter into the questionof how much effect can be producedby little expense; we merely regret theshortage of cash, and point to threeitems where the expenditure wasniggardly instead of bold.Let us hear no more about thesestupendous films that are not what theyare supposed to be.... and, what is mostreprehensible.... cost far less than theymight cost.But Mr. Lindsay is a born poet.His longer poems you all know.... doyou, we wonder, know this short one?,.,he will send it to you with others ifyou will write to him to 603 South sthSt. Sprirlgfield, Illinois, U. S. A. (anddon't mention n The Mask n).MATILDA HIGHBROW SPEAKETH.n Come, wash your face in the Dew,Come, splash on the edge of the Brook,For Spring, dear Spring, is here nSaid Mrs. Matilda Snook.n Come, splatter and sing with the Thrush,The Lark and the Bobolink,nn I mean no harm " said Snook,n But me for the pan by the sink "• STARTLING NEWS,EXPERIENCE OF AN AMERICAN.Speaking of his Eventful life GeorgeJ Nathan says that actually, n On thenight of September 27 th 1896 I heardevery word of the part an actor wasreciting, ....and I seated way back inthe second row. On the night of Ja- nuary 4th 1900, only fifteen years ago,I beheld an actor deliver a line ofseven words, and during the process ofdelivery, employ only four gestures 11.