The mask 12 1 January 1926 naau_1926-01_01 The mask 12 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 AN EPISODE IN THE LIFE OF 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A DESIGN FOR A PRODUCTION OF THE BEGGARS' OPERA. ACT I. Edward Gordon Craig cre 4 Plate 1. Illustration 4 FOREWORD J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 FRANCOIS JOSEPH TALMA. INTIMATE ACCOUNT OF THE GREAT FRENCH ACTOR BY HIS GARDENER PIERRE LOUETTE TRANSLATED BY D. NEVILE LEES, WITH A FOREWORD AND BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. FOREWORD J. S cre 7 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. G. C cre 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 THE EDITOR'S PREFACE. L. L cre 10 Facsimile of the Frontispiece of The Memoirs of Pierre Louetie. Illustration 10 A NOTE ON THE TRANSLATION. Ed cre 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 THE MEMOIRS OF PIERRE LOUETTE. TALMA'S GARDENER. 11-24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 THE OPERA HOUSE OF THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES GORDON CRAIG cre 24-25; 27 A PRIVATE THEATRE OF A KING. THE OPERA HOUSE THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES. Built by Architect Gabriel; commenced 1753; inaugurated May 16th 1770 Plate 2. Illustration 25 PLAN OF THE ROYAL PALACE OF CASERTA, SHOWING THE THEATRE BUILT BY THE ARCHITECT LUIGI VANVITELLI FOR CARLO III IN 1752 Illustration 27 THE COLOSSUS. G . B . S. e. g. c cre 27-29 Untitled Image Illustration 29 A DRAMA IN "ACCA" AT ZAVOV. FRANCOIS M. FLORIAN cre 29-31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 SOME FOOD FOR THOUGHT. J. S cre 31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 WHAT IS IT YOU WANT? YOO-NO-HOO cre 31-33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 "REMAINDERED". J. B cre 33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 GIUSEPPE BIBIENA. A NOTE BY ALLEN CARRIC. 34 GIUSEPPE BIBIENA. (1696-1757). Plate 3. Illustration 35 FROM A DRAWING BY VICTOR HUGO. Plate 4. Illustration 37 VICTOR HUGO AND SARAH BERNHARDT. A. B cre 39 THANKS TO MR. GEORGE MOORE E. G. C cre 40-43 PIRANDELLO AND HIS ORIGINALITY. HENRY PHIPS cre 43-46 Untitled Image Illustration 46 IN THE VILLA OF PR ATO LINO : A LITTLE THEATRE OF ABOUT 1698. Built by Architect Antonio Ferri. Plate 5. Illustration 47 A LITTLE THEATRE OF THE 17th CENTURY. PRATOLINO. JAN VAN HOLT cre 49 Untitled Image Illustration 49 FOREIGN NOTES. 50 MILANO. LA SCALA. O. S cre 50 PARIS. Ed cre 50 point too. 50 BOOK REVIEWS. 51-57 Untitled Image Illustration 51 SOME CONTEMPORARY DRAMATISTS by Graham Sutton. (Parsons) 7/6 net. Jacques Galli di Bibiena cre 51-52 BRITISH DRAMA by Prof. 52 THEATRICAL IMPRESSIONS. 53 MY LIFE IN ART by Constants 53 CIRCLES 53-57 EMPTY CHAIRS by Sir Squire Bancroft. Murray. 10/6. MUSSOLINI: His Political Speeches. 1914-1923. Dent &amp; Sons. 7/6. e. g. c cre 53-55 COMEDIES BY WILLIAM 55 NOTHING, by Edward Gordon Craig. 55-56 TOM MOORE'S DIARY; A 56 A HISTORY OF THE 56 LI t TLE DRESSMAKERS IN 56-57 A GALLERY OF CHILDREN BY 57 MAGAZINES. 57-58 NOTES ON A GROUP OF 57-58 THE SACKBUT. Curwen Press, 58 THE REVIEW OF ENGLISH 58 PUNCH. 10 BouStreet, 58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 EDITORIAL NOTES. 59-60 Untitled Image Illustration 59 A PRINCEL Y GIFT, o 59 A TT A BOY! 59-60 o MORRIS G A IN. o 60 ON A SAN GA 60 THAT SHAKESPEARE 60 o POTENTIALITY. &lt; 60 A W O R D FROM 60 ERRTA. J. S cre 60 pjgf IHB v M £» Jgr Iffilllk -" -JBm JH® dßfe dKmmmmm&amp;m Jm» w dHL dOL,. JSfk, Jmm JHhte NUMBER ONEJANUARY ANNUAL SUBSCRIPION &lt; D E LUXE EDITIONTEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) g\/ i'V? (POST FREE)ft VMTWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS J s FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX. 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JANUARY 1926 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS, The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, and which result from special research or personal experience' Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions ;but under no circumstances can he hold himself responsable for safe custody or return. All articles should be ,typewritten.Address : The Editor ; " The Mask ", Box 444, Florence, Italy., 1 .. ~ ' * \ • " : . , _ '% : * i v ■ •; • 1 •' s- "y_ . . A- ' . ! . - ' . - &gt; , THE MASK1926 The Mask1908 1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 All Rights reserved. January 1926.Gerente responsabile Antonio Maraini\Tipografia Giuntina, Fir en Be* AN EPISODE IN THE LIFE OF FRAN- COIS JOSEPH TALMA. BY PierreLouctte his Gardener.SOME PRIVATE THEATRES: CASERTAVERSAILLES, PRATOLINO. CASTEL- FRANCO. With designs and plans.SARAH BERNHARDT &amp; VICTOR HUGOwith a reproduction of a drawing by Hugo.GIUSEPPE BIBIENA : A NOTE BY AlienCarrie, with a. Portrait. THANKS TO MR. GEORGE MOORE,by E. G. C.A DRAMA IN " ACCA " AT ZAVOV,by Frangois M. Florian.PIRANDELLO AND HIS ORIGINALITY,by Henry Phips.WHAT IS IT YOU WANT ? by Yoo-no-hoo.THE COLOSSUS: G. B. S., bye. g. c.FOREIGN NOTES: MiLANO, PARIS,BOOK AND MAGAZINE REVIEWS.EDITORIAL NOTES. LITERARY CONTENTS. FOREWORD . . . . ... . . John Semar .... Page 1FRANCOIS JOSEPH TALMA by his Gardener. , . Pierre Louette ..... 3With a Foreword and Biographical Note. . . . .... . . . 6THE OPERA HOUSE OF THE PALACE OF VER- SAILLES ......... Gordon Craig . . . . . 20THE COLOSSUS. G. B. S. e.g. c. 21A DRAMA IN " ACCA "AT ZAVOV .... Francois M. Florian . . 23SOME FOOD FOR THOUGHT J. S. 25WHAT ISIT YOU WANT ? . . . . . . Yoo-No-Hoo 25" REMAINDERED" . , . . . . J. B 27GIUSEPPE BIBIENA . . . . . . Allen Carrie . . . . .28SARAH BERNHARDT AND VICTOR HUGO . . A. B. . . . , .29THANKS TO MR. GEORGE MOORE . . . . E. G. C. 30PIRANDELLO AND HIS ORIGINALITY. . . . Henry Phips .... . 33A LITTLE THEATRE OF THE 17th CENTURY: PRA- TOLINO Jan van Holt . . . . . 37FOREIGN NOTES. BOOK AND MAGAZINE REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. A DESIGN FOR A PRODUCTION OF THE BEGGARS'OPERA, ACT I . ....... Edward Gordon Craig. Plato 1, Face page ITHE OPERA HOUSE IN THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES Built by Architect Ga- briel . . . B 2, ■ B 20GIUSEPPE BIBIENA. . . . . . . Anon . . . " 3, " 8 28REPRODUCTION OF A DRAWING by . . . . Victor Hugo . . 84, precede 829PLAN OF THE VILLA OF PRATOLINO SHOWING Built by Architect An-THE LITTLE THEATRE tonio Ferri . . B 5, „ ■ 37Head and Tail Pieces from original Woodcuts and old Designs. A DESIGN FOR A PRODUCTION OF THE BEGGARS' OPERA. ACT I. By Edward Gordon Craig. Plate 1. Re pi educed ft om the original drawing by kind permission' of Mr. A. E. McVitty. FOREWORD J. S. THIS number with its contributions on Talma, Ver- sailles, Hugo and even Mr. George Moore seemsto be quite a French number.It should have contained some important infor- mation about the Theatrical section of the Paris Exhibitionof 1925. But so badly was the propaganda departmentCl••Ve /• 9 1 1or this section seen to that no information whatever reach- ed us. It seems a little incredible that in the twentiethcentury such an important department o! such an Exhibi- tion should have been managed so casually.Perhaps there was not much in the section to informthe world about. Paris cannot be blamed. Paris likeLondon is far too large, and too self contented. It be- lieves that outside Paris nothing matters, which is quite anatural blunder to make. If you are immense you thinknothing matters but yourself, whereas no one and no citycan ever be quite as immense as that. Should these words meet the eye of any intelligentParisian he is sure to be the first to admit their truth andto go out resolved to tell the first important Frenchmarhe meets how silly it is of Paris. But in ten minutes theresolve will fade. Paris is so full of the dope of humaikindness. So like London. And it can't be helped. Wher." The Mask " becomes huge like Paris, when we issuehalf a million copies monthly, we too shall put on airsand graces. What a pity it will be. FRANCOIS JOSEPH TALMA. INTIMATE ACCOUNT OF THE GREAT FRENCHACTOR BY HIS GARDENER PIERRE LOUETTETRANSLATED BY D. NEVILE LEES, WITH AFOREWORD AND BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. FOREWORD J. S. The following Translation is taken from asmall book printed in November 1869by Emile Voitelain et Cie, Paris.This tiny brochure forms one of a series&gt;/ " Documents pour servir a dews Mceurs ", the collectedited by•edan Larchez, being " exclusively composed&gt;/ original documents Only four hundred:opies of the little volume were put on sale,and were obtainable &lt;{ a la librairie Fr.12 Galerie d Orleans ( Royal).The author of these Memoirs, PierreLouette, the gardener of Talma, writes like adramatist writes, and he thus creates for us avivid picture of his Master and friend andtheir close intercourse on the estate whichTalma loved.One of the things I note about this discipleof Talma is, indeed, that he, the gardener,'s more like Shakespeare than any cleverer,nore modern dramatist.When he makes his hero speak he doesnot explain how he speaks; he still believesthat people have some senses left, some obser- vation, some alertness, indeed some imagina- tion. That is how Louette re " Ah " said M. Talma, " I shall go toParis". " Ahsaidtiently ' or ( lowering his voice or * lookingannoyed ' is how a less mature playwriterwould record it.The Dramatist who adds stage directions(and he is so often a Democrat or a Socialistwho does it) has but a poor opinion of hisfellow Workers' capacity to invent anythingor of his readers' capacity to understand.This is one of the reasons why the prefacesand stage directions of thme: they show me how low these playwri- ters estimate the capacities of stage men and the reading public. Such Dramatists might learnmuch from the little pages of the " Me- moir es " of Talma's gardener, Pierre Louette. BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. G. C. FRANQOIS JOSEPH TALMA was born inParis on January 15th 1763 in the Ruedes Menetriers KMantzius tells us that his father was avalet and his uncle a cook, reassuring us bya note to say that 44 is shown by hisBaptismal certificate ". The father was alsoa Dentist (2), and so good a dentist that be- fore long he was practising the craft in Londonin one of the best of quarters, at No. 13 OldCavendish Street, near Cavendish Square (3).And Francois Joseph his son was with him.Each day young Talma would go westwardto Manchester Square, and there at the schoolof a certain Mr, Prendergast would study howto multiply 9 by 7 and how firmly establishedwas the monarchy of France. And at homehe learned how difficult it was to pull outteeth but that it became easier if you werewell paid for it. This argument struck thefuture lord of Brunoy and he took to thedentistry business, and thus began to witnesstragic scenes, and to study facial expression. This awakened a longing in him to bemore than an onlooker ; and, not feeling thisto be possible, or desirable, at No. 13, hejoined a company of amateur actors in London,about 1782-83, and dentistry was soon forgotten.But as Sir John Gallini, ie Giovanni An- drea Battista Gallini, was the manager, hewho married the eldest daughter of the thirdEarl of Abingdon, Lady Elizabeth PeregrineBertie, and had great vogue as a dancingmaster, directed the dances and was stagemanager at the Haymarket Theatre, was crea- ted knight of the Golden Spur by the popeand built Hanover Square concert Rooms, Talma evidently joined no second-rate com- pany, and his associates were doubtless themost elegant people, and that helps an actorvery considerably.He returned to Paris when he was abouttwenty or twenty-three years old, with veryserious intentions of becoming an actor ofmark.On November 21st 1787 he made hisdebut at the Comedie Frangaise, as Seide inVoltaire's 44 MahometTo prepare for this he rehearsed underDugazon at the little Theatre Boule-Rougewhich was in the faubourg Montmartre.Here Madame Dugazon, then about se- venty-four years old, and Clairon who wassixty-four, watched him rehearse. The Da- nish actor Preisler, visiting Paris, writes backto Denmark in praise of Monsieur Talmad.In 1789, on April Ist, he is 44 received "at the Comedie Frangaise ; ie, he becomes aS ode t aire... but as yet only to play -siemes roles in tragedies, but by good fortuneone of the premiere roles falls to him—someactor being over-sensitive of ruining the partof Charles IX in the new piece by JosephChenier which was produced on November4th 1789. Young Captain Buonaparte comesto see this piece and Talma in hismoirs " gives an account of a very interestingconversation with him. These memoirs whichappeared in 1849-50 were edited by Alex- andre Dumas. It is a book which I hear44 The Mask " will shortly publish in English.Far too much has been made of the factthat Talma was among the earliest advocatesof realism in costume. He went with thetimes, and the paintings of his friend and re- volutionary comrade David seemed to himmarvels of naturalism.... revelations ....the real thing. Here was a Roman in a toga—with-out the usual 18th century plumes ;—classic,solemn, nothing Theatrical. So like an actc*and so right. But it looked as though itwould take the French a long time to growaccustomed to this new way of doing things.For they began to object at once.... whensuddenly a gun went off and they came tothe conclusion that these innovations wereright. The actors were less easily persuaded.They found Talma and Clairon and the otherswho troubled about these external matters asource of innocent merriment. So like fellowactors and so right. What was not right,and so unfair of Talma, was that he possessedgenius.... a finely proportioned figure and r,remarkable head; a voice of great beauty,and he took the trouble to acquire a match- less elocution. At first it is said he was alittle stilted and monotonous in his manner ;but it is added that before long he becamea model of simplicity. All of which soundsfamiliar and very fine but means to me verylittle. When I hear an actor being describedI always become lost in the sound of thewords ; matchless elocution ; what does thatmean ? it might mean Forbes Robertsonagain, or it might mean Salvini—which doesit mean ?In 1791 Talma married Julie Carreau (l),a rich and talented lady in whose salon wereto be met the principal Girondists. Of theposition of this salon (2) I am ignorant; wherethe happy pair lived lam no wiser. Mean- time he was rising with Buonaparte, to whomhe was later to prove useful in little mattersof deportment. Between Talma and Buona- parte there seems to have been little ceremony—and with Napoleon the ceremony was, afterall, only the result of the lessons from Talma.In 1808 the Emperor paid him well bytaking him to Erfurt and there papering thehouse for him with crowned heads for hisperformances of the MoIn 1 798 Talma was living in the Rue deMoliere, in 1802 in Rue de Seine, FaubourgSt. Germain. There it was he freed himselffrom 44 la belle Julie " and married CharlottVanhove the actress, who had been MadamePetit. With this charming lady he lived happilyuntil his death in 1826.What a strange existence was Talma's—seeing the eighteenth century in full blossomaround him when he was a boy and till hewas twenty-five. Then suddenly the Revo- lution shakes the world, rattling most of allin Paris : then comes Buonaparte—and theeighteenth century reminiscences seem to gowell with the scenic show of his days : thenthe Restoration and lastly Victor Hugo.It was in 1826 that Hugo, a young manof twenty-four years, is invited to meet Talmaat the house of Baron Taylor. Talma sixty- three, Hugo twenty-four. And the actor tellsthe young man how young he is and thattherefore he really should write a part forhim:—he suggests Cromwell. And Hugoreplies that he is just writing a play aboutCromwell—and both actor and poet are de- lighted and find it an extraordinary coinci- dence. (Baron laylor was intendant of theV f V~\ 1Royal Theatres, by the way). Talma is insuch ecstacies that he even tells Hugo thathe has a portrait of Cromwell at home, hungup, and offers to take Hugo round to hishouse to see it; all is quite crazy and de- lightful, ....poet, actor, the dinner, the ideas....and then Fate steps in and spoils the planfor Talma dies.He died on October 19th 1826 at hishouse Rue de la Tour-des-Dames no. 9.where he had lived for five years.And what about Talma's death? ....no- thing except that Mademoiselle Mars sat thatnight in her house across the way thoughtful,depressed.In this very little street we are told thatno less than three great performers were livingat the time—Talma, Mars and Duchenois.—A silent street at all times, I can imaginehow silent on the eve of October 19th.Mile. Mars comes home after the rehearsalhaving found the Theatre closed. She isnow forty-eight years old :—she sees a lightin Talma's room. She passes into her ownhouse. She sits and thinks:—she tries tobelieve that oyer there her old comrade, theimmense genius she calls him, is dead. No,she can not conceive this. Her mind beginsto think : how did he die—like this ?—sheleans a little to one side:—the fire flaresup—she leans further—she begins recitingthose lines in Act IV Scene 111 where Sylla dies on his sofa—up go her feet. She isnow well in her part: and having in fancyexpired after the last word, the last sign, thelast hoarse cry, she pauses a moment—a tu- multuous shout of applause is heard by her—she gains her feet rapidly—the curtain againrises—she stands there with head slightlybent:—all this imagined and gone throughand she feels better. She had grieved tothink of Talma dead, but now she is nolonger thinking, she is feeling—and she feelsbetter—and ready to assume some big newrole. " to triumph over death " she cries sei- zing a table knife, for supper had been laidfor her home coming.... " to triumph " sherepeats, " to triumph "—only one regret, thatshe cannot play those masculine roles, " Sylla"," Brutus " Pyrrhus " Cinna ". Andthen, lowering the point, meditatively shetaps with it on the table ; an in-drawn sighof regret, and then another of relief: " No,I was not born with Raucourt's advantages "she says. Firmly she cuts the loaf of breadbefore her and attacks quietly her simplesupper, content, after all, to be the greatestcomedienne of her time.And this were even correct if a certainM. Fouquier had not recently assured us thatMile. Mars lived in a house in the next street.The house seems to have been at the cornerof Rue de la Rochefoucault and Rue St. La- zare. Probably the light she saw was in theback room of Talma's House.€}} His funeral was imposing because animmense public gathered to do him honour. SUIVEZ done le conseil de M. de Voltaire,faites des perruques, pour que ceile deTalma, dans Charles VI soit vendue 43 francset celle de Sylla, avec le costume, 160 francs.Comme ont vient de le faire! ....Ingrats....coiffeurs !(26 Mars 1827).Charles Maurice." Histoire anecdotiqne (1) Four Biographical Dictionaries give other datesand places. 1, Jan. 17, 1766, London: 2, Jan. 15,1760: 3, Jan. 1762: 4, Jan. 15, 1767. I have followedthe Paris register.(2) Another father of a famous actor, Giuseppe Gri- m&amp;ldi, father of Jo. Grimaldi, was a dentist: "in 1760he was appointed dentist to Queen Charlotte but he soonresigned his appointment, and commenced giving lessons infencing and dancing ". R. J. Broadbent. Annals ofthe Liverpool Stage ". 1908.(3) He is also said to have gone to a boarding schoolin Lambeth about 1779-1780. (1) "Carcan " prints Charles Maurice and adds shewas known as " la belle Julie(2) One of her houses was the famous, No. 6. RueChantereine, in which Josephine Beauharnais lodged in 1795 THE EDITOR'S PREFACE. L. L. Facsimile of the Frontispiece of The Memoirs of Pierre Louetie. PIERRE LOUETTE was the gardener-steward of Talma on his estate ofBrunoy. An old soldier, a little brusque, a bit of a grumbler, but of anupright character, he was, perhaps, more than any one else, impressed by thenoble qualities of his master. Wholly devoted to his humble duties, he couldnot estimate either the great tragedian or the favourite of the Emperor, he hadonly learned to respect the just and good man.After the death of Talma, he was indignant at certain slanders, and hehad the idea of combatting them by drawing upon his memories. This goodfellow, who had never written anything save accounts and estimates, was,without knowing it, a precious historiographer. Even his naieve rusticity is notwithout merit regarded from that special view point which characterises ourcollection. Peasants* journals are not to be found all over the country, andwe lacked a document such as this.The MEMOIRES DE LOUETTE were published in 1829 by theRevue de Paris. Loeve-Veimars, then attached to its editorial department, hadfound this pearl at Brunoy where he was resting. That there should be nodoubt as to its authenticity the original manuscript had been deposited withMe. Bonard, notary of the REVUE, but there was no need to go and examine these two large copy-booksfilled with a primitive writing andyellowed by the thumb of their author;it sufficed to read ten lines of theprinted text to say : it is genuine *\Of style and orthography there isno question here, and yet it goesstraight to the heart like a thing mosteloquently written.Did the remarkable fragment pub- lished by the REVUE DE PARISof 1829 produce a bad effect at thattime ? Did people mock at the touch- ing of the memories of theold gardener, or did the family ofTalma consider it their duty to opposetheir continuation ? One or the otherof these cases must be assumed, for Ihave sought in vain in the subsequentvolumes for the formally promised con- tinuation. A NOTE ONTHE TRANSLATION. Ed. OUR Translation, like any othertranslation (unless a very greatwriter should attempt it) can be buta failure, and the Translator asks usto say so.But perhaps our readers will preferthis to nothing.If we were to reprint the Frenchhere, as some day we hope to do ina small booklet, we should call downon our heads the displeasure of thou- sands who cannot read French : andto them we are glad to offer an En- glish version which will enable themto gain much pleasure from PierreLouette's naieve records, even if there belacking the full flavour of this little rustic chronicle in its original form. THE MEMOIRS OFPIERRE LOUETTE.TALMA'S GARDENER. IN 1817 I entered the service of M.Talma. The first things that he enjoinedon me were : order in his house andthe greatest possible economy, pointingout to me that the largest fortunes meltaway without economy and order.On the 12th of this month (Sep- tember) we went together over all hisproperty. M. Talma showed me at leasta hundred places where I was to planttrees, indicating to me the place of eachtree.It will be seen in the continuationof this Memoir what a love M. Talmahad for his garden at Brunoy, and peoplewill be able to judge the memory of mymaster, apart from his great stage occu- pations, of which I ought not to speak,seeing that my powers cannot extend so far.I ought not to speak save of that whichI have seen and heard.M. Talma sets out on September 16thfor the Midi, and writes me not to forgetthe trees which we had arranged abouttogether, reminding me of all the placeswhere we had decided to set them, namingto me all the groups of trees of his parkby their names, and all the places wheresomething was to be done ; and all thiswhile he is every day at work on thestage in the principal towns of the MiduJudge from this of the presence of mindof this great man.M. Talma arrived on January 6th atBrunoy. The first thing that he askedme was for my accounts. That surprisedme, considering that people had misinformedme, telling me that he did not pay theexpenses of his household, whereas Ihave been paid every month by him du- ring the ten years that I have had thehonour of serving him.This same day, at eight o'clock inthe evening, M. falma was at supper atmy table when my under-gardener came inand, drawing me aside, told me that hiswife had just been confined, and that hewas much troubled seeing that he hadno good wine to revive her with. Thedoctor had ordered Bordeaux wine andthere was none in the whole village.I brought him in to M. Falma, sayingto him ; " Monsieur, Pierre's wife hasjust been confined ; the doctor ordersBordeaux wine and there is none in thewhole of BrunoyM. Talma immediately replied: "Myfriend, give him four bottles of it "; and,correcting himself, he said, "Eh bieri,Louette, give him six, for I shall onlyreturn in six days Afterwards he alsosaid to me, "My friend, as you havethe keys of the cellar, if any unfortunatefellow of des Bosserons or of Brunoyappeals to you in like trouble, give twobottles. Come, my friend, that is notgoing to ruin us, and we shall do good ".Thus when M. Talma arrived at Brunoyall the inhabitants used to come out of■their doors, saying, their hearts breakingfor joy, " Voila le houlanger de Brunoyqui arriveThe two days passed at Brunoy werebut as two hours for him, for Brunoy washis delight.M. Talma said to me ; " My friend,how happy you are to remain at Brunoy!and I, 1 am obliged to return into themidst of a crowd of people who onlyseek to do one harm, to betray one.How I envy your luck!At the moment when M. Talma wasabout to set out, I asked his permissionto go to Paris for my own affairs a fewdays later. M. Talma replied, " Good, my friend,but why don*t you come today with me?I will take you along today in my car- riage, and we will talk together aboutour works **.On the way we said that, since somesand was required to sand some newpaths, he was going to give me a letterto go and seek out M. Mabille, keeperof the forest of Senart, who was stayingat Muette in the bois de Boulogne, whichwas done on reaching Paris.M. Talma gave me the letter andsaid to me: " Louette, lam acting tonight;come and find me in my loge at the theatreand give me the answer.1 then went on my errand. M. Ma- bille received me very well since it wasfor M. Talma. I arrive later at thetheatre; M. Talma is on the stage, inthe role of Britanriicus. I, who had neverseen him in any costume, being in thewings, open my eyes as wide as a car- riage-way without being able to recognizemy master. I am much surprised whenI see, coming straight towards me, a mandressed as a sovereign, in the full heatof his role : " well, shall we have somesand ?** As for me,... I could not answerhim.For the moment he went back on tothe stage and 1 recovered myself, and Ionly recognized him the second time.He said to me, " How is it that youhave not answered me, Louette ? " Monsieur, 1 did not recognize you ;you frightened me, but we shall havesome sand **.Judge by this of the action of thisgreat man, to mix sand into the verymiddle of his part !IN 1819 we carried out some ratherimportant works in the poultry yard.M. Talma was seven or eight days drawing out plans. Everyone in the house sawclearly that we were going to have some- thing new, but without knowing what.At last, one day, M. Talma comes tofind me in the melon house, saying tome : " Louette my friend, I have a planin my head which is going to make youtremble ".I immediately reply: " Monsieur, worknever frightens me ; your purse will perhapstire of the work before my courage does ".He at once says to me: " Well,Louette, let us get busy with this straightaway ; I leave you three days to give methe estimate for this work, for we mustnot embark upon it without knowingwhere it is going to land us **.I set myself immediately to take mea- surements and to make calculations.On the morrow, at midday, M. Talmaset out to act. I say to him, beforeleaving, both of us being seated on hissofa : " Monsieur, it is necessary to allowfor five thousand francs* expenditure *'.Says he : " Louette, you are mista- ken ; for my part, I only make it threethousand five hundred francs **." But you havn*t looked at thewhole thing so well as I have **, I said," for you hardly calculate for anythingbut the work of the terrace, while I finda portion for the paver, for the stone- cutter, for the mason and for the car- penter **.He replied : " Ah, my friend, yousee 1 had not seen that like you. Well,listen ; I set out tomorrow for Paris, 1will calculate that out while acting *'.The following day M. Talma arrives,and asks for me at once. Being in hisstudy he makes me sit down on the samesofa and says to me: " My friend, Ihave calculated carefully according to whatyou have told me ; I am in agreementwith your estimate provided that it does not exceed that. Come, let us step outfirmly and without fear ' .The work being in train, the wintercomes upon us and even stops us. Fromthe Saturday we can do nothing more.M. Talma comes on the Sunday andsays to me : " Well, Louette, How arewe getting on? "" Monsieur, you are held up "." How's that ?" Monsieur, the hard frost stops us ".M. Talma replies ; " But, my friend,it is necessary nevertheless to devise away to occupy these poor fellows, sincethey live by their daily wage. Must theythen die of hunger ? "" Monsieur ", said I, "we had agreat pile of stones there which we wereto cart away ; but we have decided toemploy them in the courtyard "." Well! ", cries M. Talma, " that'sall the same; go and see all your workmentoday, and get them to cart those stones.If it is necessary to bring them back, theycan bring them back ; that will at leastbe work and bread for a long time ".See the humanity of M. JTalma!Accordingly when he set out the nextday, for Paris, all the workmen weregathered at his carriage, wishing him agood journey, and all bidding him " Adieu,le pere de Brunoy_____ *!N 1820 M. Talma bought about tenarpents T) of land at the end of hisgarden. This land was in a very badstate.M. Talma says to me, while we arewalking together in this new acquisition :Louette, what are we going to do withthis ? "I reply : " Monsieur, it is impossiblefor us to plant in such poor ground ". " Well, my friend **, says he, " whatmeans are we going to take to clear thatpoor land, so that it may receive theplantings that we wish to set there ? Itwill all have to be cultivated with theplough ".I reply to him, " That is not myintention, for that will cost you a thousandfrancs in two years, and your land willnot be clean. But you have so manypoor people at les Bosserons who haveno ground to plant any potatoes, beans,and vegetables in general. All thosecrops demand a great deal of attention.You must give each of them a little pieceof land and deprive yourself of it for twoyears. You will find, the third year, anew soil, and very suitable for receivingevery kind of planting ".M. Talma looks at me, saying :" Louette, I find your view very goodand beneficent, for I see that we areagain going to render some people happy.Come, my friend, it is decided. Youcan, when you please, divide them up,and the sooner the better, for this landis shocking ; it is really disgraceful.The following Sunday I summon allthe inhabitants of les Bosserons, and giveto each man a piece of land, enjoiningon them to cultivate well that land whichI shall leave to them for two years. Sothat every Sunday there were upon thatproperty forty persons. There were thefathers, the mothers, the children. Allthose unfortunate folk were possessed byamour-propre ; it was a question of whowould do the best to please M. Talma.M. Talma used to come every Sundayto Brunoy, and it was his delight to goat once to see his colony. One shouldhave seen how he was hailed by allthese poor creatures ! He looked at mewith a satisfied air, saying: " Louette,do you believe that the produce of this land will be able to compensate them fortheir time ? "1 reply, " Yes, Monsieur; but twoyears would be required, for the first yearwill not pay them "." Well, my friend, I leave it to you ".We go for a walk to the Vamiesrouges; these are the sluices of the Brunoymill, which pour water into our riverwhen that of the mill is too full. In re- turning from our walk we come to thenew property, whereon was the little re- public of les Bosserons, each one in hissmall piece of land. M. Talma stops, andlooks at me, putting his hand to hisforehead.He says to me : " My friend, thatproduces a curious effect on me, to seewhole families of wretched people. Iimagine myself to be seeing our wretchedfolk at the Champ d* Asile. And you,Louette, how does it strike you ?" Monsieur, if there exists a Champd'Asile, that is it to the lifeEVERY Sunday, when M. Talma ar- rived at Brunoy, it was to hastenimmediately to see his Champ d'Asile;but it was only we two who knew thatname for it.As he approached them the first whoperceived him called all the others, saying," voila le pere qui arrive I " Immediatelyone saw everybody salute him, hat inhand, with a glad and satisfied air.M. Talma, on coming up to them,said : " My friends, you work then onholidays and Sundays ? "" Yes, Monsieur, for the work weare doing here will only serve us this nextwinter. In cultivating your land well wehope to gather some fine potatoes andbeans ; but this harvest will only come tous in the month of October, and we areobliged to work all the week to feed an ugly piece of furniture which we eachhave at homeM. Talma replies ; " And what isthis ugly piece of furniture for which youappear to have no love?The man replies, " Monsieur, it ismy kneading trough ; for 1 have fourchildren, myself and my wife ; that makessix persons who must eat ; so that everySunday my wife takes my week's wageand goes to the miller. Sometimes nothingremains over to make the soup with, and! set to again on Monday, and every dayit is the same.M. Talma asks him; " But, myfriend, how do you manage about dres- sing yourself?The man named Morier replies; " Ah,Monsieur, we make hay and we harvest.Everyone has to work, the mother andchildren tooM. Talma quits them sighing, andsays to them : " Well, my children, 1hope that my land will repay you foryour pains ".And on leaving them M. Talma saysto me: " But, Louette, if after all nopotatoes or haricots should come up, whatwould become of the time of these un- fortunate people?1 said to him, " Ah, Monsieur, beingwell cultivated like that it is inevitablethat they come up ".M. Talma replies ; " My friend, allthe same, I beg you, in the course ofthe summer to observe if these unfortunatepeople gather about the right amount forthe time they have devoted to this landwhich is so poor; for I would rather paythem a wage "." Very well, Monsieur " said I," I will take care to keep an eye onthat ".The year was favourable. That yearthere came out of M. Talma's property at least a thousand bushels of potatoesand about a hundred bushels of beans.But the second year was even moreadvantageous, seeing that the land wasalready well cleaned.The harvest of the two years was sogood that, whereas none of those unfor- tunate people had ever had the means ofraising a pig, in these two years therehad been more than thirty pigs killedwhich had been reared on the potatoesof M. Talma's Champ d'Asile.M. Talma used to come on Sundays.I showed him the chimneys of les Bos- serons, a little hamlet which is at the endof his property; 1 said to him, " See,Monsieur, all those pots boiling ; it is thepiece of salt pork which comes out ofyour Champ • d: Asile which is cooking ".How's that, my friend ? " says he." Monsieur, all those unfortunate peopleLave raised little pigs with the potatoesof their Champ d*Asile which they havenot been able to consume, and in thismoment they are rejoicing over the painsthey have taken ; they are all very happy ".Come, so much the better ! I am'quite as happy as they can be ".Moreover, should M. Talma haverequired their services at any hour what- soever either by day or by night, hewould have had everybody, even thoseto whom he had never done any good,and all the world may believe thatM. Talma is immortalized in Les Bosse- rons as at Brunoy.M. Talma was a man of order inhis household, and very straight in hisdealings.In 1820, when we had made upthe accounts for the end of the year, rnyaccounts being regulated, he showed mehis expenditure for the year for gratuities,to the poor as well as to his family. Thisamounted to the sum of twelve thou- sand and fifty francs including that spentduring his travelling and at the capital;for it must he observed that M. Talmahas brought up a large family, and therewere left on his hands five children,nephews and nieces, whom he had sup- ported from the cradle. These childrenwere of two of his sisters who had diedvery young; it was thus necessary tobring them up, have them educated andstart them .in life. When M. Talmarelated to me the loss of his relations andthe charge which was left to him, healways had his eyes full of tears, sayingto me : " Poor Louette, if you knewhow I began ! for I began with nothing.My father was not rich, my grandfatherwas still less so; in fact I am but a thirdgeneration having had its origin at Pois,in Picardy, near ValenciennesEvery year, in returning from Brussels,it was his delight to pass through thatvillage, in which is situated the paternalhouse of his father, to see all his cousins,male and female. He took care to buydresses, fichus, and he gathered themtogether and distributed all this to themin passing ; and it was a fete for themeach time that M. Talma passed throughthe village.M. Talma said to me: "My friend,it is not altogether the relations whichdraw me to that village ; it is that housewhere my father -was born ; to see twolittle rooms on the ground floor, one ofwhich served as kitchen, dining-room andbedroom, and the other room was usedto stable the horse and the cow. Then,my friend when one comes from so poora dwelling, why not content oneself withmy house as it is ?I reply : '' Monsieur, that depends onyou ; if you wish to be satisfied and torest now, you have well earned itHe said " Yes, my friend, 1 shal not die of hunger at present, but I shallbe deprived of doing good ; and then Ihave children about whom 1 must occupymyself, both for their education and toassure them a certain existence '.I reply : 44 But, Monsieur, your nameis already a heritage for them ".44 Yes, but it is necessary to enablethem, by talents in such or such a lineas they may desire to follow, to say,44 we are the sons of Talma ".AT last came the spring, with theleaves growing thick on the trees,and our new garden grows bushy.M. Talma, installed with his family,used to go to act two or three times aweek.One fine morning, M. Talma seeksme all over the garden, calls me in manyparts of the park ; but the noise of mywork prevented me from hearing him.M. Talma had already passed twice closeto me, but a very thick clump of treesprevented both of us from seeing eachother and even from hearing each other.At the third time I hear M. Talmablowing his nose; I say to him; 44 if youwant me, I am over here ".He comes upon me, being very muchheated with hurrying to and fro, and 1even dare to say that his appearancerevealed a little tamper, saying to me:44 My dear fellow, where the devil hadyou gone ? for two hours I have beensearching for you all over the garden ".His somewhat annoyed manner causedme to reflect, never before having seenhim angry.I reply : 44 But Monsieur, you tellme that you have searched for me every- where ; I am sorry if you are fatigued,but it is not my fault, for I have notbeen away from here ".Then M. Talma begins to recover himself a little from his chase and saysto me : 44 My friend, what means shallwe take so that in the future we may findeach other ? for our garden will always begrowing larger. Then, if each time thatI want you 1 am obliged to walk threeleagues that will become very tiresomeI reply to him : 44 Ah, Monsieur, wewill put an end to all these lost steps,which will end by fatiguing youM. Talma says to me : 4 4 But, myfriend, we must bethink ourselves of thismeans as soon as possible, for really thisrunning to and fro becomes very disa- greable ".Very well, Monsieur, you are goingtomorrow to Paris, you must bring usback two whistles, one for each of us ;for 1 beg you to believe that the soundof the whistle is more piercing than thesound of the voice, and will more easilypenetrate the enclosures of the clumps oftrees VM. Talma replies to me: I believethat you have struck on a good ideathere. Well, lam certainly going to tellPierre to remind me of it tomorrow ".So off M. Talma sets for Paris, andsays to me, 44 Well, Louette, goodbyetill the day after tomorrow when we willtry the whistlesThis did not fail. M. Talma arriveswith two ivory whistles ; he hastens im- mediately to my house with the twowhistles, and says to me, 44 Come, Louette,choose ".1 answer, 44 Ah, Monsieur, 1 shallalready think myself happy enough toaccept the one which does not suit you,rather than have the indiscretion of choo- • ? fsing .At last M. Talma whistles in both,takes his and gives me mine.He says laughing, 44 Now then,,Louette, we need a rallying-call " Monsieur say I, " every mor- ning, on coming out of the house andentering the grove, you will blow awhistle. You will leave me time to takemy whistle from my pocket, and you willobserve well from which direction thesound comes. Then, you will walk inthe direction whence you will have judgedthe whistle to come. When you wantme to come to the house, you will adda second blast, I shall know what thatmeansM. Talma replies : " Very well,that's understood ".But I : " No, Monsieur, it is not yetaltogether understood, for I have also anobservation to make to you ".M. Talma looks at me laughing andsaying :'' What is that ?I ask him : " Well, Monsieur, if Ihave need of you and you are in thegarden, have I the same right over youas you have over me ? Can I make useof my whistle to be heard by you?M. Talma begins to laugh and saysto me : " Just the same, since it is madefor that ".I reply: " Monsieur, I make thisremark to you because I well believe thatthere will exist no one save myself inFrance, and I dare to say in Europe,who will have the right to make use ofthis insolent instrument against you ".M. Talma looks at me a little andanswers laughing: "You too, Louette,will only have this right at Brunoy M.We had now thus reached a goodunderstanding. M. Talma goes off todine, and 1 say to him :"I am goingto work in the kitchen garden ".He replies: " Good, I am glad toknow where you are ".I had my doubts of this, for I wassure that he would be seized with impa- tience to put the whistles to the test. (Owing to that the whistles roused the de- rision of the household a little for somedays). In fact, M. Talma has barelyhad time to dine when he rises againand comes out through the dining-roomdoor and gives a whistle for me.I respond to him. He repeats it.I come to him in the dining -room. Eve- ryone begins to laugh, and I also ; there- fore I say to M. Talma, " There now!is that whistle only for fun? "And M. Talma with his habitualkindly air replies, " Yes, my friend, 1was very glad to make a trial of ourinvention ; but I am very pleased that itgoes well ".Then I made my bow, saying toM. Talma: "I hope that now thewhistles have finished laughing ; that thenext time that they shall serve will befor necessity, or else, having bought themto save your legs, they will end by tiringmine ".M. Talma replies ; " That is true,this poor Louette who has so muchhardship, we make him walk about fornothing ".Some time afterwards M. le Comted'Avoux, who was staying at Brunoy,wants to speak to M. Talma: not findinghim in his apartments, the servants say tohim: " Monsieur, look in the kitchengarden, Louette will find M. Talma foryouThe Comte d'Avoux comes up tome saying : " Louette, could you do methe kindness of telling me where Talma• **is ?I reply, " Monsieur, follow me, I amgoing to find him ".I enter the grove, and, drawing mywhistle from my pocket, I blow it loudly.* It greatly surprised the Comte d'Avouxto see the way in which I called mymaster. M. Talma is a little time in replyingto me, because he no longer rememberedin which pocket he had put his whistle.However, listening out for it, there isM. Talma responding.I say to M. d'Avoux : 44 Monsieur,take that path there, you will find himnot far from here ".M. le Comte goes off laughing, andencounters M. Talma, also laughing, whosays to him : 44 Good day, d'Avoux ;you are laughing at our invention ? But,my dear fellow, the other day I searchedfor Louette half a day without being ableto find or meet with him. I was in adetestable humour, and poor Louette saidto me: 4 Monsieur, there is no othermeans to take but for each to have awhistle '. And I believe that that hassucceeded very wellIn 1821 M. Talma said to me, in theI month of September, on arriving oneday [at Brunoy : 44 Well, Louette, have weplenty of poor folk in Les Bosserons? "I reply : 44 Monsieur, this is not themoment when the distress makes itself felt;it is in the month of January, for nowthey have all just harvested ; but I knowseveral who have no work. It is StMartintide that these unfortunate peopledread ; it is the paying of the rent oftheir miserable huts : one is 60 francs,the other 80 francs; often they andtheir family have not been able to earnthat sum in the harvest, yet out of it theymust also have some clothes for thewinter ".M. Talma says to me : 44 But ifthese unfortunate folk had not work for along time, what would they do ? Dieof hunger?I answer: 44 Monsieur, I believe thatthere must always exist a providence inthe rich people of each commune, which makes them provide for the existencethe poor ".M. Talma resumes : 4 4 Yes, you areright ; but since I have been at BrunoyI believe I have paid my share well" Yes, Monsieur, but all the otherbourgeois do not join with you in this,for you do more by yourself, you alone,each year, than all the others put to- getherM. Talma says to me: 44 Very well,let us keep on. Now come along, weare going to play a game of dominoesThat is the only game that M. Talmawould permit himself.While we were playing the first game,almost in the middle, he looked at meand said to me : 44 Louette, I am thinkingof something. I want to parquet my redsalon. How much will it cost me to dothat in point de Hongroie ? "I reply : 44 Monsieur, I should requireto know the length and the breadth44 That is most true " said he.Well, my friend, let us leave our gameand each take a candle, and let us goand take the measurements.Having taken our measurements veryexactly, we make our calculations, andwe find it comes to about six hundredfrancs.He says to me : 44 Well, Louettethere is some work already found for thecarpenters, this winter. Let us go andfinish our game of dominoes. We willthink over finding something for our poorles Bosserons diggers.We have not the time to finish ourgame, for he stops in the act of placinga domino, and looks at me saying :Stop, Louette, I've thought ofsomething. For a long time I have beenwanting to make a little canal in themeadow to render it healthier. With thesoil which will come out of it we will level our meadow well, we will stop upthe crooked arm which cuts our beautifulmeadow ; that will be twice as beautiful,and we are going to find work immediate- ly for our diggers ".He says to me : " Come, stop, myfriend, don't let us play any more; goto bed ; tomorrow morning you will mea- sure the length and the breadth and youwill make the cumulations as to what thatwill cost us In short, I say goodnightto him, and get up.M TALMA was so pleased with ha- » ving found work that he did notsleep that night. He came to knock atmy door the next morning before dawn,saying to me :Louette, I am waiting for you. togo to our canal ".I answered him : " Pray give me timeto dress myself ".He says to me : " All right. Well,Louette, I am going on ahead, bringalong your measure with you. We aregoing to carry out the work together ".At last I arrived. M. Talma hadalready nude the round of the meadow.I go to meet him and we set to workin the dew, our feet soaking. I wantedto send him back, for fear it should harmhim. He replies to me: "My friend,you speak very seriously : since you havechildren, your absense from them wouldbe as harmful to them as would be minefrom mine ".Monsieur ", say I to him, " it isbecause you would leave a great gap inthe surface of our land, but in my case,save for time to open and close the grave,nothing would be noticeable any more "." Yes, my friend, for the public ;but, should we die the same day, mychildren and yours would each lose thesame. Beyond that, it is nothing In short, we continue our work:breakfast time comes as we were finishing.I say to him : " Well, Monsieur, weshall finish our calculations while break- fastingHe replies : " Yes, but you will doit alone, and I, who set out for Paris atmidday, I still want to go round mygarden, and, moreover, I know nothingof your craft. Try and finish your cal- culations before I start, that I may see ifthat will exceed the expenditure that Iwant to incur this winter, for my householdis only too heavy to maintain, without thegood that I have to do elsewhereFinally, at midday, M. Talma comesto me, having just made the round ofhis garden.Fie says : " Well, my friend, whatdo you make it?" Monsieur, my whole summary shows,apart from the inconveniencies of the water,which might impede us, 1,500 francs ofexpenses ".Good ! my friend, you have told methat there* are some workmen doing no- thing in les Bosserons, they must be takenon tomorrow ".That was Friday. I say to him:" Monsieur, taking on workmen is not all,the work must be planned out ".He responds, " Ah, that's true,Louette. Listen to me then. I act to- morrow, Saturday. On Sunday I shallcome early, and we will plan it out to- gether. That will amuse me, and twoheads are better than one ".It is well to state that the delight ofM. Talma was to lay out something newin his garden, so that some of his friendsnamed him M. Da Piquet, O for theysaw him ceaselessly setting pegs to markout paths or clumps of trees or flowers. Meantime I set to work to prepare someof these pegs while awaiting M. Talma.ON arriving from Paris his delight wasto sit in my chimney corner, and toeat at my table.M. Talma descends from his calecheand says to my wife: " I amvery hungry." My wife replies: " Monsieur, whatwill you have to eat ? "M. Talma saw my pot boiling, whichcontained a neck of mutton with cabbages,and the neck-bone which was sticking outas it boiled, making the lid of the potrise from time to time. In fact there wasa very good odour coming out of it.M. Talma says to me, with his eyeson what he was seeing and smelling ;" Louette, do me the kindness to tell mewhat it is making that noise in your pot,and what is it that smells so good!1 uncover the pot and show him.He began to clap his hands and askedme where my wife was.1 said : " Monsieur, she has gone toBrunoy to fetch some cutlets for you ".He replies : " Well, you will eat thecutlets and I will eat your soup. I can'thold out any longer; I am dying ofhunger ".And I answer him ; Yes, and thenthe hankering to eat of such choicedishes!" My dear fellow, they are choice forme, for Louise is a good cook, but I neverhave a better appetite than in yourhouse ".My wife arrives with the cutlets andfinds us at table." Allez,ma meyou can keepyour cutlets for your supper. Never haveI made such a mealM. Talma ate only very little as arule; this time he had eaten so that it was a pleasure to see him; but also, to tellthe whole truth, I saw very well that theodour of his garden, which he loved somuch, seasoned all the food which I couldoffer him at Brunoy.MONSIEUR said to me as we were walk- ing : " My friend Louette, I earn agreat deal of money, but I do not earnenough yet, for I should like there not tobe a single poor person in BrunoyI reply: " Monsieur, in the eyes ofthe poor people you would take the placeof M. le marquis de Brunoy. "M. Talma responds: " Yes, but I willmake them go in procession with barrows:after me I will at least leave workmen,whereas M. le marquis de Brunoy, withhis processions, could leave nothing butidlers. **I had compared M. Talma to M. lemarquis de Brunoy seeing that the marquishad been for many years the seigneur ofBrunoy, and that he employed everybodyonly on work at the church, which he hadhad gilded from top to bottom, as one stillsees it. The marquis de Brunoy has heldCorpus Christi processions which cost himtwo hundred thousand francs, and M.Talma used to say to me that he wouldrather change the whole face of his gar- den than spend so much money so use- lessly.IN 1822, in the month of September,M. Talma said to me : " Come Louette,let us arm ourselves with courage. Werequire a large provision of pegs. Hereare all our poor folk who are about toleave our Champ d'Asile clear, and weshall have something to lay out."In fact, M. Talma had not the pa- tience to wait till all the poor things, whohad each their little plot of land, hadgathered their crops, to lay out this part of the garden, which was very conside- rable ; it contained nearly ten Intracing our paths we often traversed plotswhere there were potatoes planted andready to dig up. And to think that M.Talma took the precaution to derange thesticks for fear of treading on them!44 Louette ", said he to me, 44 areyou sure that we should be doing no harmto these poor people ? nI replied, 44 Monsieur, the potatoes areripe; have no fear."ON that day the ground was dry andvery hard. M. Talma said to mewhile breakfasting : 44 Ah Louette, whattrouble that path there has given us! Ithas tired me to death. It has botheredyou too, Louette, for you have yawnedseveral times".I answer him: 44 Ah, Monsieur, it isnot altogether the path which has bothe- red me, it is that you took your snuff,and I could not smoke my pipe. ".M. Talma: 44 What, Louette, you de- prive yourself of smoking for me? Youare wrong, my friend, for I am passionatelyfond of the pipe. If Ido not smoke, it ison the world's account.But let us return to our path.He said to me : 44 Louette, your handsmust be sore, my friend, for, the groundis very hard. Listen, my friend, each inhis turn. You have better eyes than mine ;perhaps we shall get along faster. " Sohere we are on the piece of ground. Iset the pegs to trace the path from thearbour which leads to the cottage, whileM. Talma sets in his turn to the roughestlabour. In fact, there am I ordering myown master about; but I saw at once thatwe were going to get angry because he wasnot obedient.At the fourth peg, as we were be- ginning to turn, I said to him, 44 Pull! " He pushes.I repeat 44 Pull ! "He still pushes. Ma for, I begin toget in a rage; I swear, saying to him,"but, 5..,. nom de Dieu, I didn't tell youto push, I told you to pull; I'm sureenough we are not going together anymore. "M. Talma turns towards me saying:44 Forgive me, Louette, it is true. It is1 who am stupid.I reply, 44 Ah, Monsieur, I beg youto excuse me if I have been a little sharpwith you; it was to recall your attentionto me, for I imagine that your head waselsewhere. "44 That is true, Louette, for as wehad talked about an ice-house at break- fast, I was searching in my head for aplace for the ice-house."I respond: 44 Ah, Monsieur, do notlet us undertake ' so many things at onceor we should do nothing well. "WE finished our path in the twinklingof an eye, without going over itseveral times; which rarely happened, forthe one of the morning we had recom- menced at least six times.Our path finished, I strike a light, M.Talma takes his pinch of snuff, both ofus being seated on a rock. M. Talma sitshimself beside me, very close, so that intalking, from time to time I send somesmoke over him.44 Ah, what a delicious smell that pipehas, Louette! ".I respond: 44 So much the better,Monsieur, I can regale you at little cost ".M. Talma says to me: 44 Ah, ma foiLouette, now you will line out the pathsyourself; you have better eyes than I have;and so we shall get finished sooner andtire ourselves less.I reply: 4 4 Monsieur, I don't want you even to touch them any more, for itis too hard a work putting in the pegs,when the ground is hard. We will onlyagree as to the plan of the paths, and Iwill see to the rest, for I shall feel moreat ease in ordering my under-gardener thanyou. "He replies: " Yes, especially whenyou tell me to pull, and I push. "I say to him: " But, Monsieur, it isnot ill will; the inattention must be at- tributed to the ice-house which you hadin your head. "M. Talma begins again: Now,Louette, let us consider that ice-house. "" Very well!'' say I, '' since we wishto find a view point in the highest part ofthe garden, to get a view of all that isbest in our surroundings, then the ice-housewill serve us as a view point. The earthwhich will come out of the excavation forthe ice-house will serve us to cover itwith, and we shall pile the earth over itas high as we can. "My foi " says M. Talma, " that'sa good idea; that is going to supply uswith plenty of earth. "He says to me: " But how shall webe able to decide on the height, until wecan mount up, at which we can see thehorizon well? "1 reply: "Eh ! Monsieur, you go awaytoday, you act tomorrow, you return theday after tomorrow; meantime ! shall pre- pare a double ladder of twenty-four feet,and you will mount up it until you can seeall the summets of the mountains surroun- ding your property. "M. Talma looks at me, laughing, andsays: ts Ah, Louette, your invention is agood one. lam going to hurry back fromParis to see what we shall see. "At last it grows dusk, we take theroad to the house. M. Talma seats him- self beside my fire, and, wearied by the sticking in of the pegs, says to me: " Mafoi, Louette, I am not surprised if you areready for your bed every evening, for asfor me, I am done up, and I am off tobed. Weil, good night, till tomorrowmorning. "Two days later, M. Talma arrivesfrom Paris with the gout.M. Talma says to me: " And ourdouble ladder, is it in place ? Shall webe able to see that tomorrow ? "" But, Monsieur, if you cam t walk ? "" Ma foi, my dear fellow, then I willbe carried, I am in such a hurry to*l. 99see it .THE following morning, before the sunwas risen, there was a heavy dew;I see I\l. Talma coming along with a littlecrutch in his hand, a pair of shabby greenbedroom slippers on his feet, so thin that,before he reached me, they were alreadysoaked through by the wet of the dew.1 begin to reprimand him, saying:what imprudence! could you not waittill the dew had dried up! You deservethat the gout should last for anothermonth! "He replies: " Louette, I can't containmyself any longer until I have seen ourinvention ".I say him: " That's all right, but wehave to pass over a piece of turf near theladder, and you are going to get your feetsoaking wet.He replies: " Well, you shall carryme ." I am very willing; the thing is, howare you to mount ".1 end by taking him in my arms asbest I can, and carrying him to the doubleladder.Once arrived there, we mount each onour own side; when we had gone upabout eighteen feet M. Talma says to me; 44 Ma foi,Louette, if we mounted twentyfeet more we could not get a finer view:let us go down. "I said: 44 going down isn't everything;there is your going back: how are yougoing to manage ? "He says to me: 44 But, Louette, I can'tstand on my foot any more. "I reply: 4 4 Monsieur, it is your ownimprudence; it's the damp which has al- ready caught you on your way here, andwhich is having its effect. "My friend, that is all very well; tohave come here is but half the battle; thething now is that I have got to get backto the house. "I say to him: 44 Come, I am going tosummon up my courage and carry youback.But, my friend, how are you goingto do it ? "1 take him by the arm and make himremount the double ladder backwards ; Imake him mount two rungs, always hol- ding him by the arm; then I turn my backto him and say: 44 Now then, hold onto my shoulders, " which he immediatelydid. Once on my back, I say to him:Are you comfortable ?« VYes.I reply: 44 Just a minute, I must fixmyself so that 1 too can go easily.I take one of his thighs in each handand then I shake myself a bit to get started.Then I set off with my load on my back,directing my steps towards the house.As we go along, M. Talma says tome: 44 Ah, mon Dieu, Louette, how beau- tiful my garden is!I reply: 44 Yes, ...especially when onetakes a ride around it in such a carriage! "M. Talma says to me: 44 Louette, amI very heavy? S!I reply: You weigh at least a hundredand eighty. " He retorts, laughing, 44 without thegood spirits? "But M. Talma was so good that onewould have served him just for the plea- sure of being ordered about by him. No,he who has known and served M. Talmaas I have, cannot honour him too highly.Was it needful that he should have des- cended so low today! No, truly, the soilof Pere-Lachaise ought not to consumesuch flesh!* * * &amp;Pierre Louette had Written the follow- ing lines at the head of his manuscript.Too lengthy to constitute a title, thiskind of introduction, it seemed to us, oughtnevertheless not to be left in oblivion, andour gardener's readers will find him heretelling, with his usual naievite, the motiveswhich determined him to take up the pen.SJ Private life of M. Talma on hiscountry estate at Brunoy, written by hisgardener Louette ; and conversations whichthey have had together since 1817 untilthe month of October 1826 relating tothe kindnesses of M. Talma which are inef- faceable in my memory; that is why 1venture to write so as to dissuade peoplefrom being led into error as to the goodconduct of M. Talma, who is irreproa- chable ; a man who has been great in allhe did, thinking always only of how todo good, and always detesting to heartalk of those who do evil.For ten years past, i can appreciatehis character, the more so since 1 was notregarded by him as his gardener, for I cansay that I was his confidante and his friend:also the good treatment which I receivedfrom M. Talma constrained me to attachmyself to his service and to defend hisinterests, a thing which was only too na- tural, since he merited it as a good fatherand a good master, and he tried ever tomake the lot of all those who surrounded him, very happy. What has compelledme to write about this ten years' passageof his life when I had the honour of ser- ving him, is the stream of people whom Ihave lately been forced to see and hear,and the quantity of visitors to whom 1have been obliged to show his house, andhis establishment in general: for it can bebelieved that this property is well foundedby him, seeing that he began it with onepoor arpent of land, and that he has ex- tended it to sixty-five arpents. One mustnot suppose from this that he squandered.If I make use of this term it is be- cause I have been forced a hundred times,in the last six months, to be the defenderof his memory against persons who cameunder the pretext of buying this unfortu- nate orphan estate, and that, in his veryapartments, my unfortunate ear has oftenbeen wounded by persons certainly not hisequals, and who said: Talma was mad. Hepulled down his house ten times to changeits shape. He has torn up all the trees,one after another, to set them elsewhere.One cannot ignore that these injusticeshave astounded me a hundred times, for Iknew to the contrary, and I knew that ifM. Talma earned a great deal of money,it was only spent upon improving his estate,and in doing good wherever my masterdirected his steps. (1) arpent, a measure of from- one to one and ahalf acres. (1) Monsieur Peg or Picket. THE OPERA HOUSE OFTHE PALACE OF VERSAILLES BY GORDON CRAIG. A PRIVATE THEATRE OF A KING. THE OPERA HOUSE THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES.Built by Architect Gabriel; commenced 1753; inaugurated May 16th 1770 Plate 2. PLAN OF THE ROYAL PALACE OFCASERTA, SHOWING THE THEATREBUILT BY THE ARCHITECTLUIGI VANVITELLIFOR CARLO IIIIN 1752 BUILT 1753-1770 by Architect Jacques Ange Gabriel(1698-1782).Undoubtedly it was rather a large Theatre for anyman to order for himself and family. But it couldn't wellbe any smaller—for this was the situation.In 1753 everyone was having a theatre built forhimself; it was only this King who had none. The otherKings, even the Dukes, ail had a theatre apiece; somehad even three or four. Down in Caserta near NapoliKing Carlo 111 had only last year, 1752, put architectLuigi Vanvitelii on to the building of a huge palace witha theatre in a central position. It has five circles andsome forty-two boxes. Louis XV cannot possibly do less.It looks to me as though he had seen some drawings forthis Caserta Theatre. And the Due alwaysthreatening to have another private theatre and yet ano- ther—even a rascally poet has a little playhouse down inthe Rue Traversi&amp;re where he is producing plays and greatactors by smiling. At Berny de Clermont put up aTheatre three years ago—yes, in 1750 or was it earlier;and there is de Grammant dancing like a man who isenjoying himself at Puteaux ; even Popeliniere has a play- house down in Putney—l mean Passy—and why shouldn'tLouis XV have one—that is what he is asking himself.The fault of Kings is only one but it is a grave one; itis this. They have always thought far far too much abouttheir subjects and too little for themselves.Everyone may have his say and his Theatres.—HadI been a King I should, I am afraid, have come to feellike that and done like that too. But not being a King,and there being (at present) no fear that I ever shall beone, I can say what I like without any fear of beingobliged later on to abide by it.And so 1 will turn to my imaginary Master of theWhite Horse or some other menial and will tell him tolisten attentively—in fact write it down. " Write this "I tell him. —" There will be only one private playhousein my Empire and it will be in this house. It will belarge enough to entertain all those gentlemen and ladies ofmy realm who so very much enjoy private theatricals thatthey empty my Public Playhouses rendering it very dif- ficult for them to exist. My private theatricals will haveto be so good that anyone not enjoying them will be con- sidered sick and shall immediately be treated by the pri- vate physician of my Theatre ".Now when his Majesty King Louis XV called inthat excellent architect Jacques Ange Gabriel and orderedhim to build the theatre at Versailles he told him to makeit large enough to hold 3000 such guests but he forgot toclose the other private Theatres.It was an immense playhouse for those days, and,but for the Teatro of the Duke of Parma, I should ima- gine the largest private Theatre ever built.So Gabriel set to work in 1753, and what with onetrouble and another the place was only ready by 1770,inaugurated in that year on May 16th to celebrate themarriage of the Dauphin with Marie Antoinette. It was144 feet long, 60 feet wide, 50 feet high, had 38 co- lumns, and the machines (which at that time were begin- ning to fail to be of service so big they were becoming)were constructed by the stupid Arnould. There is no time and space to stop and apologize fora weli meant thrust at a man bent on bamboozling us allfor ever, the mechanic in the Arts, but Arnould will knowwhat 1 mean. Often he must have leaned over the barof Heaven with the blessed Damozel and seen the goingson at La Scala and the Pans Opera House and remem- bered too late that to make good machines for Theatricalsthey must follow one principle and that i 5....— but I amgrown wiser since I was in Berlin, and friend Reinhardt'semissaries ever lurking behind the arras. Yes, I have avery pretty idea about Theatre machines which would savea Theatre director some thousands of pounds yearly andbring other thousands of pounds to the employes—espe- cially to the machine makers, and that without remouldingthe world more to my heart's desire. But to tell it is notmy intention. Like Lord Byron No more—no more—Oh I never more will I be offering my ideas to anyonegratis. It's not being done any more by me, and my ad- dress is Via delta Costa di Serretto 17. Oenova. 1 ermspayable in three parts; on signing contract, on commence- ment of work and on completion of work.And I hope this is practical enough.e.g. c. THE COLOSSUS.G . B . S. e. g. c. THERE are people, Mr Henry Arthur Jonesfor example, who object to Mr BernardShaw's views his attitude his everything.They find him the "most poisonous of all the poi- sonous haters of England " : the " idol ofopaque intellectuals and thwarted females " :the " menace to ordered social thought andordered social life " and so on.People who utter cries of that kind provethat they read what Mr Shaw writes and itserves them jolly v/ell right.I do not read anything Mr Shaw writes.1 don't prevent myself, it is he that preventsme. As my study is Drama and Theatre,and as I see he writes plays and talks of theplayhouse, I always begin with a good will,Dut after a couple of paragraphs 1 have alwaysbeen forced by Mr Shaw to leave off.If Mr Shaw wrote about Journalism orReligion i think I could read on; but hewrites on so many things about which othersspeak with more authority ; about Drama andTheatre for example; this forces him to puton airs, and the moment I hear the strong andkindly voice putting on airs all is up.But here is a book 1 can read forMr Henderson has a good deal to ask, anddoes it all so well; and, while he is present,something happens which makes it possiblefor me to listen to the replies and to watchG. B. S. as he is answering Mr Henderson,and all is charming.Surely no one needs assuring that nothingcan trip up Mr Shaw, that nothing is too muchfor him.Be the question one about War or Peace,about the several European Governments orMr. Wilson, about French Revolution orMr Joyce, Belgium 01* Communism, Theatreor Pulpit, of what to do in this event or inthat one —he can answer it pat. Mr Shawis ever ready.I feel quite sure that Mr Shaw knowssome one thing better than the rest of us, butwhat is it ? What ever it is 1 shall neverknow for I have heard him begin on nearly everything, and always in that spirited voice,and yet the voice of the debating-societyspeaker. This stops my reading Shaw.One of the most lamentable facts thatthe Theatrical historian of the nineteenth andtwentieth centuries will be able to record,is, that its most celebrated London Dramatistwas able to give you a clear slick answer toany question anyone might put to him. Henever said " I do not know ".If only he had been ignorant, or innocent,of all things except the craft of the playwright,what a blessing such a power as his wouldhave been to our stage. We should havehad at least one more name to add to thatof Tom Robertson, and, who knows, to thatof Sheridan. As it is, the next thirty-fiveyears will have to be spent in ridding Euro- peans and Americans of the misrepresenta- tions Shaw has poured into their ears for thelast thirty-five years or so.I will not say it is " cursed hebenon ",for Shaw is as good as gold and wouldn'thurt a fly: but he was born when Journalismwas growing great, and he learned too wellwhat fun it is to dope those who will makeit a custom of an afternoon to go to sleep.And he didn't even pour it in quietly likean artist: he dinned it in so that it's really awonder they didn't wake up.Near by where 1 live is a convent ofwomen. They ring a bell for hours at atime. A bell, not six... one bell. Theyare ringing now.Bing—bing—bing—bingbing bing bing bing ( presto).They are very good women and veryclever women too who ring it; but theylack one little something call it art....sense.... mother-wit or knack,... which youwill. Whereas the towers of the other littlechurches or monasteries up and down thevalley swing out well-made tunes and chimesduring the day, these good and clever wo- men send up their tower one chosen sister topound one barren note at us:bing bing bing bing bingme me me me meis what it seems at last to say. Though faroff, I almost see her as 1 listen, and I am sosorry. She is, I know, expressing herselfclearly. What was that Wilde wrote about the lilacs ? well, it's just other than that. Onlyone thing she seems able to do to vary theawful cleverness of her performance, the diresaintliness of her devoted bell-banging ; ... itis to go faster and then suddenly to scuttle.Perhaps 1 am unfair on her to ask morethan sanctity from her; but from Mr Shaw,he having taken to the boards, I expect morethan sanctity and bing. For she who bangsthe little bell is somehow like Mr Shawgiving his opinion on all things in heaven andearth : it is one long string of be 11....Din din.All I want is that she shall stop it andthat he shall stop it.1 don't differ from a thing Shaw says. Idon't agree either. I merely want him tostop, for I cannot stand the way he says it.As for what he says, I am content to leaveto trained people in Europe all questions anddecisions concerning Wars, Peace, Belgium,Communism, Government, Mr Wilson andthe French Revolution. 1 will and do abideby what they say. 1 will not interfere ; andby doing this I hope, indeed I suppose, I actlike any other quite ordinary man.Mr Shaw, who was not born at all anordinary man, .... who was, I believe, bornto be a great priest and very holy man, forsome reason fell from grace, took to journa- lism (a big enough task one would say tokeep him faithful to it), then deserted jour- nalism and wrote plays, so many and so long.... ting—ting ting—ting .... that he has cometo be thought of as a playwright.A playwright is one who masters the craftof play making to the greater lustre of the Dra- matic art. Primarily (and indeed to the end)a craftsman, he may, as he progresses, fashiona masterpiece and so win the title of artist.1 cannot think Mr Shaw has won thattitle, and for my part I believe he neverstrove for it.The title is his, it has been forced onhim, but I fear that is all.He gives us not what an artist gives usbut what a very clever man failing to be anartist falls back on.I am grieved at what is lost. I grievethat by shouldering, elbowing forward, he hasthrust aside too many a real English artistplaywright. That is a very great pity forthe English Drama. For there is not room in any space formore than will fill that space, and G. B. S.has elbowed his way far too energetically forslighter men, yet better artists, to exist there.We have now to begin putting up a fewfences and digging ditches, so that a journalistof genius, a born Religious leader, howevergifted as a preacher, may never again get intothe dramatic fold, and a true dramatist, how- ever slight, never be pushed out of it tomake room for even the cleverest of men.Mr Shaw has been what the England ofthe day urges practical people to be atalker. He has not been a brilliant talkerbut a mighty one. Brilliance delights andcharms ; it wins the hearts of men and women.Sheridan is the brilliant talker, but I believeShaw could bear him down. Shaw is like agreat wind ; he will, I like to think, havedone a power of good when these days aregone and we gone and the sun shines outagain. Shaw is a noble man and his forcedassumption of cap and bells is the unkindthing the age did to him. And I, least of all,intend in anything I say any unkindness.The trees bending underneath the blast hardlyintend unkindness to the howling storm.Glorious that a man can become trans- formed, and, howling in cap and bells, canride the blast as Shaw does. All I prayis that no one any more confound that superbachievement with the achievement of the ar- tists; that no one studying the Drama and theTheatre shall stop, even for a moment, to con- sider this colossal event as connected in anyway with the Theatre. (1) " Table Talk of G. B. S. " by Archibald Henderson'(Chapman and Hall) appeared in 1925. A DRAMA IN "ACCA"AT ZAVOV. BY FRANCOIS M. FLORIAN. October 18 th 1925.DEAR SEMAR:Although I know 1 have not sent youany word of my whereabouts, save the fewlines about the San Gallo design, for somemonths, I fear that I cannot write you mucheven now.All I can do is to enclose the nearestthing that I have come across to a play inwhat your contributor in " The Mask " forJanuary 1924 called " ACCA ". It doesnot seem to be such a new language as hethought.I was in Georgia last night: I am spee- ding away in an express tonight with hopeof getting away from the place where "ACCA"is an accomplished fact.I prefer the very plainest French or En- glish. I will even go to the Theatre VieuxColombier : nay more; I will go so far as theEveryman Theatre in Hampstead, ... .anythingto banish all remembrance of " ACCA ".The author of " Films " should really goto the town I have just left. Perhaps that iswhere he comes from. Anyhow the lan- guage spoken there is half Russian, half Iknow not what; and the third half is pro- bably pure Georgian ; and the whole makesup " ACCA " to a T.But I am leaving it swiftly ;—my train isgoing fast; and all I can or care to tell youis this.On October 18th I saw a poster outsidethe Kouslsky station at Zavov, announcingthat there would be performed that night at8 o'clock " King Lear or Once Upon aTime " by Nikolai Zolka ; and, taking thisto be the King Lear of Shakespeare, andwondering how it would sound in the sweetGeorgian idiom, which I have always lovedand which 1 speak and understand withoutdifficulty, I strolled round to the MoilieTeato after a very excellent dinner at Zap- pa's.... Fancy old Zappa having got ofall places. He gave me a hearty welcomeand a spaghetti a la Napolitana as though wewere back in 1912. In 1912 Zappa had a small but excellenttrattoria in Lucca. In 1919 the place was,I believe, burnt, and the proprietor, who hadonce been cook in the imperial palace at StPetersberg (so he said) went northwardshoping to reestablish his fortune.I reached the Theatre twenty minutes be- fore the play began, bought a ticket andsmoked half a Terfoo (1) in the foyer, whilewaiting for the curtain to rise. Meantime Ibought a book of the words and was amazedat what I saw.... for I couldn't read a wordof the stuff. It was written in 1917.I send you the thing. Possibly no onewill be able to make head nor tail of it:but you might care to print the first scene soas to show readers of " The Mask " that Iam not exaggerating. The stage directionsare in Georgian; these I've translated foryou into English, and hope my pencillingsare not too illegible. The last line of thescene for some unaccountable reason was tomy astonishment spoken in plain English....although it is in pure Georgian in the li- bretto.I went in and heard the first act: I couldnot stay for more. The actors were (like allactors) adorable ; they did wonders; ....butagainst words which mean nothing no onecan do anything.Here is the first Scene.SCENE /.The Throne Room.is hanging up, traced in colours on transparentnet. It hangs between thePlayers (3).Enter the King and his Five Daughters,(each Daughter has herheaddress) : followed Trum- pets. The King seats throne,around him his five DEnglanders, Courtiers, Wise Man, Fool, etc.KING. (in gruff and petulant tones) Chou (4)chou, chou. Loun douning kapple delure (5). Ah-malingerla fanning ma!aril ka. Ma! points to the map withhis sceptre) Little liar !First Daughter forward.KING. Chou, loun, falli a fa.Ist DAUGHTER. SOU, rizi a sou, samli-kasofli-ko sa ! (I)KING. (pleased)Chou. Scandiebox!Second DaughterMoly (2) opopoli prow ?2nd DAUGHTER. Aich-fafa, falita tafle, taflea schnap !KLNG. (slightly surprised,mah.esto rise)2nd DAUGHTER. Samli-ka sofli-ko sa!The Court murmurs approval.KING. Ah ha ! .... c/aroun .... Jaroum(Clearing his throat)Chou. Busybodie!Third Daughter leaps forward.Burbury billiboo, branch led and lolly ho?3rd DAUGHTER. Attci, attce, a adly-el-oilliodi oily.The Courtiers murmur strong approval.KING. (charmed hy the oily and oillio sounds,and Wagging his head)Ah, ah, ah, papala papala, papalafala.... Chou!The Courtiers are all attention.KING. Toady-tot!The Fourth Daughter leaps forward.Brantam ranala blam, blurry-blue ?The Courtiers all crane their necks for- ward and there is a moment's pause.4th DAUGHTER. Oh, uh, liquori cuori oh,uh—zu ?The Courtiers all break out into relievedexclamantions.COURTIERS. Ach! ta! ta! tattita-tattita-ta(staccato)KING. Frou - Frou—oh too Frou tofle frauChou. Darling! (There is a pause)The Fifth Daughter advances.Chop, killy crop, dolly op antica ? Match.sth DAUGHTER. (Shakes her head)KLNG. COW? Munch and a match antic andolly o crop.COURTIERS. Munch - and match—snatch—oh, ither bunch ! (Murmurs of Bunch—Snatch—Munch)sth DAUGHTER. (Shakes and lowers her head). KING. Blank a black bong. Rouf, ding gadong, ding go dong. Dong!! Yong.Consternation. The King rises. Allmove to the R. except the sthDaughter, who stands alone.KING. ( turning) Ex, Axe other ox—Burbury-burybur max. Wha !All go out but the Fifth Daughter,who is left alone. She raises hereyes, looksat the Audience, shakesher head.sth DAUGHTER, It's no good answeringthem.She goes out.* * $€J The conductor of the train has justcome in and has said to me *' Bram zatskihashnahalla ". Would that mean anything toyou, 1 wonder? Yet it meant "Tickets,please, Sir " to him.What a wonderful thing speech is afterall. How really practical, how perfectly beau- tiful. (i) Moilie Teato—Little Theatre. (1) The Terfoo is one of the best of cigars if you knowhow to smoke it. In England you can get them for abniitiod each. In Zavoff they cost 4 sacci or about 3d in Englishmoney.(2) Supposedly ancient Britain.(3) One had sometimes to dodge and peer in between thepeninsulas and capes and under the bays and gulfs to catcha glimpse of the speakers.(4) Chou or Chow: M. Paul Boulgeois (1848) has assuredus that the significations of this word are practically endless.(5) Lure. See GeiselbrechPs 44 Die Zigenner inihremWeseu im in ihrer Sprache n Basle (1854). (1) Samli-ka Sofli-ko. Compare Eloise Levi, 44 Esquissesur V his to ire, les moeurs, et la langue des Khouan Paris,1837. Kolltnan, 1. cM p. 14: Groome, 44 Journal of GypsyLore(2) Moly. Vide 44 Burton's Anatomy of Melancholy "}Vol. I. Page 986. SOME FOOD FOR THOUGHT. J. S. IN 1814 Lord Byron went to Drury Lane Theatre andsat enthralled in a box watching Edmund Kean.How old was Byron, how old Kean ? What hadeach achieved by the year 1814?w * *We have never come across anyone yet who couldanswer ,this question, although a glance at the two " Lives "will settle it in a trice.And we make a note of it here only to start atrain of thought.Poets, Playwrights, Actors are often past sixty beforethey come face to face in their prime. Yet here was Byron,here Kean; the one acting " Shylock " for the other, andeach in his prime.What were the two ages ?Byron was twenty-six and Kean was twenty-seven.Are we wrong, or is there some food for thought here ? WHAT IS IT YOU WANT? BY YOO-NO-HOO. YOU are, it would seem, a people thatdoes not know its own mind. And thismust have a decidedly disheartening effectupon the minds of those good people whoare devoting time and the best of their abi- lities to entertaining you.You write in a month more in your jour- nals about the Theatre and the Drama thanItalians do in six months or longer, whichshows me you are concerned. You seem tobe aware that things are not what they shouldbe, but I see no sign that you make any moveto bring them nearer that state.You have done curious things these lasttwenty five years.You have, for example, driven an Englishmanager to present you with ' Hamlet ' inmodern dress. Your knowledge and taste inmatters Theatrical seems to be so small andso variable that unless you get a shock youcan feel nothing. That there is very little tofeel when you go to a playhouse is, I beginto believe, your fault because you have beenbusily occupied these last twenty-five yearstelling the play-writers and actors that theymust think more—you've asked them to bemore thoughtful : you praised a genius youonce had for being " ",a thing he never was ; you even persuadedMr. Matthew Arnold to go and see himperform once, and to write about him. If bychance a superlatively gifted actress performedto you, you excused her brilliance by sayingit was only natural—that she could not helpit,—she " disarmed criticism ". Just becauseshe was a born actress she disarmed thepeople you sent to appraise her. Before mostthings you were ready with your apologeticcough.When a clever playwriter came along,instead of accepting his plays without a wordsaid, and precisely for what they were worth,you said he should not write plays and en- tered into such very long arguments with himthat, taking himself as seriously as you tookhim he came to imagine humself the mouth- piece of a new continental Philosophy, and,losing the little talent he possessed as a play- maker, became a lecturer upon all things greatand small. When producers of talent ap- peared you spent three or four years goingthe round of London asking your friends andrelations what you should do with them.You got no reply and so you did nothingwith them. A history of one of your stagesis written, you " remainder " it. It does notmatter to you that it is one of the best his- tories ever written on the stage of a pro- vincial city—you have no use for it: if itwere badly written and illustrated and ill gotup it would be just the same ; but being wellwrit, well stocked with designs and finely pub- lished it seemed to annoy you—-and so youallowed it (you still allow it) to be forgotten.What is it you want ?Only recently Webster's *' White Devil "was produced at the Renaissance Theatre inLondon. I was not able to be present butI have read some of the longest criticisms.From these I gather little ; but you all makeone thing clear, which is that you don't likethe way it was produced for the very seriousreason that it was produced that way: andyou seem to feel that you would anyhowhave preferred Sir Barry Jackson to have pro- duced the play in modern dress for thatanyhow gave you a little shock.Not that you liked the way Sir Barry'sassistants produced Hamlet for you: in factyou rather disliked that way; but you didfor once sit up and attend because you wereroused. Plus fours being a bit too much foryou, you instantly decided to be equal to theemergency and anyhow find some reason fordecrying the thing.Shall I tell you what it is 1 think youwant ? A year or two of utter forgetfulnessof yourselves. I wonder if you know what Imean. When you see a gawky young ass oftwenty years of age swaggering about amongstyour pleasant Sunday afternoon tea tables youknow what's the matter with him: you forgivehim entirely but you know that only a yearor so at sea or somewhere away from yourneighbourhood will rid him of that awful self- consciousness which annoys the poor lad al- most as much as it does you.Well, that's your case. You at a theatrebecome just like that boy ....self-consciousfrom first to last. Even when apparently per- fectly at ease you reek of self-consciousness.You take yourself seriously—your appearanceseriously—your entrance and presence is aserious matter you believe, and you treat it as such. I see your face rounding the cornerof the door which leads to your stall. It isin some ways the most perfect acting I haveever seen, and I have seen much good acting.Your passage to your seat is masterly—yourpause—your sitting down... astonishinglygood.Except in Paris, where they too some- times act before the curtain, I have seen noone act as you do. You not only deceive uswho see you; you positively deceive yourself.Now don't you ?You don't think you act—now as youread this you even laugh at me for the sug- gestion—damme, my good soul, you're stillacting. You are one and all the greatestactors of the century.Of course you cannot tolerate the stuffthey call " acting "on the boards—you alonecan deliver the goods—and this you proceedto do.It has been customary to say that in Eng- land the art of acting is not very highlydeveloped. I have heard Frenchmen, Italiansand Russians say this, and Englishmen too.They say this because on coming to Londonthey go to a theatre to look for acting. Theywait until the curtain rises and judge Englishacting from what they see on the stage.What an odd thing never to have per- ceived that the stage in England is the verylast place to look for acting.Go the Houses of Lords and Commons;go to the Lawcourts; go to the laying of,some foundation stone, to the opening of anational monument, to a garden party at agreat mansion, or to Lords, to Newmarket,to Epsom. There's acting for you, and thevery best that is to be found in Europe today.I almost feel tempted to place it above theAmerican acting, but of this I am not abso- lutely sure.So colossal is our histrionic sense that itis far easier for a young society lady to takeup a leading part in some big production ata moment's notice and achieve a true success,than it is for a professional actress of thirtyyears to do the same task even passibly." I have never been on a stage before "she says to the journalists as she goes on board ;I am being shipped to play St. Catherinein a wonderful production of " The Wheel ".But such an assertion won't do : she has beenon nothing else but a stage all her life. " Look at Mary " says her mother whenshe is three years old. " don't seem to noticeher " she adds in a stage aside so loud thatMary is bucked up at once and begins toprance:—and then Mary goes around theroom acting for all she is worth. Dear littleMary—poor little fool." So unconscious " sighs her mother, allexcitement; " such a little angel—dreams allday—seems to notice no one and to hearnothingDear little Mary. Yes, and now Maryis in America or Australia acting badly forthe first time in her life for she has gone onto the stage.Yes, I think I know what you want.You want to remove the old stigma " a nationof shopkeepers ", and let it be seen that youare a nation of actors. "REMAINDERED". J. B. I am one of those five hundred to a thousandlovers of the Theatres of yesterday and, asa rule, am in touch with most of the bookswhich deal with Historical research. Andyet I had never heard of " The Annals ofthe Liverpool Stage" by R. j. Broadbenttill three days ago. No one in Englandever breathed its name to me. What enthu- siasm, what civic pride! I'll swear thatmany of you in America never heard of iteither—and the Londoners?—and the Liver- poolers? what of these?In Italy I believe there will be some whowill be really glad to hear of this book —forit is more like your books on your ItalianTheatres than you might suppose—for youmay have heard that in England there do notexist more than a very few books on parti- cular Theatres.While you have issued at least eighty toa hundred books on particular Theatres, wein England have not produced more thanabout fifteen to twenty at the most. InFrance one can find some forty to sixty Isuppose; of these I think I have twenty; butI haye only about ten of the English books. Now though we have so few I find onlyfour modern works which are first class;The Annals of Covent Garden.The Lyceum and Henry Irving.The Annals of the Liverpool Theatre.The Hay market Theatre,and 1 feel that there is still room for a betterbook on the Haymarket Theatres.The work on the Liverpool Theatre wasissued at 8/6. You can get it now for 4/-for it has been " remaindered ". EdwardHowell, Castle Street, Liverpool can supply it.Our English scholars and students, ourLeagues, Societies and Stage allowed it. Werethey so without genuine interest for the causethey profess to have at heart that they couldallow one of the four best books on theEnglish Theatre, a book which was a labourof love, to fade out and be reduced to 4/~.It is beautifully illustrated, well bound, andthe book on the subject." Remaindered "!!!!!!!I do feel proud of the England stage, itsscholars, its Leagues, the League's Patrons,its Societies and their Patrons and all therest of the humbug. " Remaindered GIUSEPPE BIBIENA.A NOTE BY ALLEN CARRIC. JUST a little like young Lovat Fraser thisGiuseppe of the family Galli of Bibiena.1 am never able to decide which of the fa- mily had the most talent for designing stagesceneries, and there were eight in the familywho designed them admirably; but I conti- nually find myself giving my vote to Giuseppe.There is a design by him in sepia andbigio (pen and wash) in the second volumeof the " Monumenta Scenica " which astoundsme. I suppose I shall be told that anyonecould do it and some of his brothers orhis uncle or father did do something like it;but I've not found that anyone can do it.Giuseppe was the second or third son ofFerdinando and was born in Parma on Ja- nuary sth in the year 1696, and by the ageof sixteen was so handy with the scenogra- pher's tools that his father took him with himto Vienna as they called Wien in those days.Before long he was helping his father in hiswork. At twenty-one (1717) he was giventhe same office which the Emperor Charles VIof Austria had conferred on his father someseven years before, and which the elder manwas now obliged to relinquish, owing to fail- ing health.Dr Hammitzsch seems to say that thefather (Ferdinando) was in 1717 made" Ingenieur Theatrale " and " Erster Archi- tekt " to the court; but I think it was earlier,in 1711 or 1712; for from what Zanotti tellsus Ferdinando had left Vienna in 1715 or1716 and it was when he left that the youngman Giuseppe filled his place. " And hereeveryone can think what pleasure it gaveFerdinando and how happy and contentedlyhe returned to Bologna, both on account ofthe goodness of so great a monarch (CharlesVI of Austria) and on account of the skilland good fortune of this son. The marvel- lous thing is that Giuseppe had scarcely com- pleted his 19th year '.So that, if born in 1696 as Zanotti tellsus, he would be nineteen in the year 1715,and that would be the year his father leftVienna and the boy took his place. Mar- vellous indeed and excellent. Yes, I give myvote to Giuseppe.Besides sceneries this young fellow deve- loped the very devil of a genius for buildingtheatres.In 1723 at the age of twenty-seven hebuilt and dressed the immense stage in Prague.You will find a little plan of this Theatre in" The Mask ", Volume 9, page 44. It held80,000 people, had a stage 39 metres broadand 63 deep "and cost some 25.000 francs.Then the young man went up and downthe land building and projecting buildings ;generally Theatres, for he was for some ob- vious reason passionately fond of the stage,until the year 1747 when he put up theCourt Theatre at Bayreuth. If you have acopy of Semper's series of volumes on archi- tecture you'll find a reproduction af a pho- tograph of this 18th century Theatre in thesection "Theater".I have never seen it, but from the photosand plans which I have seen it seems to bequite the most delicious 18th century Theatrethat was ever built. Rich, round, curly likethe corners of Giuseppe's mouth, and glitte- ring just as glittered the eyes of the younggenius. Until their light went out up there inBerlin in the unfortunate year 1757. Theywere fighting slaughterously about whether aman may or may not be the ruler of his owncountry, and so of course theatres had toclose, the arts had to stop carrying on in theirpreposterous way.I have never understood precisely how itis that war can only go on if all else stops.All else seems to be able to exist withoutjust having to stop other things, " living andletting live ". I should have thought there mustbe away of doing a big thing like war ina big way, ie, by professionals, without dis- turbing the whole of creation.... without somuch as turning a hair in fact easily andwithout panic; and I think this is possibly anidea which has occurred to some great rulerit is possibly worth while proving practical rTo do the whole job of war as it has neverbeen done before except, so 1 hear, inthe East would be an achievement andeconomic who knows ?P. S. And by the bye who the deuce is(or was) Jean-Galli de Bibiena who 1 learnwrote " The Fairy Dell " ? Is he a hoax ? (i) It is Ferdinando who was always known as " il fa- moso Bibiena ". GIUSEPPE BIBIENA. (1696-1757). Plate 3. FROM A DRAWING BY VICTOR HUGO. Plate 4. VICTOR HUGO ANDSARAH BERNHARDT. A. B. MADAME BERTON in her extraordinarilyvivid book on Sarah Bernhardt tells ofa little conversation between the great actressand the poet Victor Hugo." I have seen " begins Madame Berton" a dozen famous painters and six or sevengreat authors all listening to Sarah togetherand finding joy in it. She ruled herlittle court with a rod of iron, but she wrap- ped the rod in silk" Victor Hugo, watching her at work inher studio on one occasion (after 1811), said:Ah, Madame, how I wish I couldpaintV "' But you can! ' replied Sarah "." ' No ' said Hugo "." 'Tu es ridicule! ' responded Sarah.' Anyone who can write or who can act canpaint if he tries!" Then and there Sarah constituted herselfhis teacher, with the result that Hugo becamean extremely creditable artist, chiefly withpen-and-ink ". AS I cannot recall having seen it recordedof any other great play-writer having de- signed anything as surprisingly good as didHugo, I think it may interest you to see apiece of his work that I came across in Paris.It is, I suppose, some title page to his book' Les Travailieurs de Mer". M. Meaullewho engraved it cut many of Hugo's designs.Hugo writes now and again of these sketchesand tells us his method of work." My inkstand is generally my palette; ifI want a lighter shade, a glass of water ismy only requisite, though a few drops ofcoffee are occasionally very useful... ". " Mydrawings, or what are called so, are some- what wild. In my undisciplined way, I usethe feather of my pen as much as its point".Theophile Gautier wrote of him that heis not only a poet he is a painter, anda painter other painters would not refuse toown as a brother in art ". I have no spaceto quote the whole passage here.Vou have probably seen " La Vague ",called by Hugo " Ma Destinee " it isthe drawing of an immense wave and is signed " Victor Hugo 1868 ". You know his *' JohnBrown ", and you may know other fine thingsby him done before 1862. How cunningthen will seem to yqu that little apology ofhis to Sarah Bernhardt " Ah! Madame, howI wish I could paint ", and he is watchingSarah Bernhardt paint. " But you can "says she not knowing whether he can or no;in fact .... though I hate to say it.... utterlyfooled. "No " said Hugo. How delightfulthis " No ", and quite sincere too, for he cannotpaint if to paint means, as it meant to him,to do what Rubens and Velasques did, notas Bernhardt was doing.And how careless of Madame Berton'sassistant Basil Woon who translated her bookinto English not to look up the dates a littleand discover that Hugo had been drawingin wash and in line for some twenty yearsor more when Bernhardt " constituted herselfhis teacher with the result that Hugo becamean extremely creditable artistIn 1862 Hugo was writing to M. Caste!the publisher saying that his things were only" scrawls clumsily put on paper by a literaryman " and that he only consents to havethem published on the condition that themoney derived from any sales shall be devotedto a fund for poor children to which he oftensubscribed. There was an album produced,Gautier wrote the preface, and it sold very well.I think that this design by Hugo and thatby Ouida (l) form a curious proof of the talentfor design possessed by writers.Goethe was immensely able. How manygood designs has Mr. Kipling made: —W.S. Gilbert must have left many even betterthan the bits he published with his verses,Who else is there ? Mr. Beerbohm obvious- ly ; and 1 believe Sir A. W. Pinero has theknack. Hoffmann was quick they say. Ofactors quite a number can do a little. Irvingcould. Sacha Guitry is very smart at it. AnaEdmund Kean ? .... I wonder if he ever tried,when spouting Latin at the Inn, to draw aCaesar or two, a Ravine in the Alps. Fer- ravilla had a talent, and I have a sketch by Pe- trolini of Garibaldi which is amusing and good.But I put Hugo at the very top of thewriters who could design ; and I feel surethat when drawing he enjoyed himself in- tensely. (i) See " The Mask ". Volume XI. No. 2. Frontispiece. THANKS TOMR. GEORGE MOORE E. G. C. IT was I remember in 1888 that I firstread Mr George Moore's essay " Mum- mer-Worship" in "The Universal Review".It struck me at the time as very "superior"very down on the theatrical profession,and I thought of Mr. Moore as someone Iwould not dare to meet, because of this su- periority of his this living up in the Ma- sonic Lodge of Heaven.How absurd this was I have come tolearn, for Mr. Moore was assuredly one ofthe men a young stager should have soughtto know ; all the painters, sculptors, musiciansand architects knew this charming writer, andhis egotism did not exasperate them, so whyshould I have been so touchy ?But I seem never to have given myselfthe opportunity of meeting him, probably be- cause the Theatrical folk I knew at that timeunder-estimated Mr Moore's worth, were pre- judiced against him because he now andagain spoke French or for some equallystupid and childish reason. But I did readhis " Mummer-Worship " several times, at- tracted by it, surprised that a man could be sodaring as to speak so scathingly of any pro- fession my family was doing its best toadorn." Dam braces bless relaxes " you re- member : and this essay by Mr Moore beganto brace me up, and I am grateful to it, for Ihad before long to meet a far more staggeringattack in Nietzsche's " The Case of Wagner ".It is an odd thing that while we of theEnglish professional stage doubtless use, andadvocate the use of, the morning's cold douche,when we get one from an able man of letterswe fail to recognize its true value.Mr Moore attacked a weak spot in thestage and its performers, singling out for hissharpest correction the charming Miss MaryMoore.He objected to the pretension of theactor and actress he did not see whatgood was behind a certain trip to Germanyand Russia which Mr Charles Wyndham hadrecently made, playing in German and French:he disliked Miss Moore's confession that" In order to get as much practice as pos- sible in the foreign tongue in which I had somewhat rashly undertaken to play, I tookmy passage in the North German Lloydsteamer " Saal' ".He finds it " touching simplicity " in " anew amateur ".Miss Mary Moore later becomes LadyWyndham and now wields quite a littlepower in the English Theatre. She was al- ways very active and is so still I believe.A lady of remarkable tact and much charm,a very winning personality and extremelypretty.And I do not like to think that Mr GeorgeMoore, a man of culture and far more intel- lectual than any of us on the stage, shouldhave been quite so down on us 1 meanon her.But what are we to expect if we offendmen of culture. If Mr. Moore were suddenlyto have entered Lady Wyndham's Drawing- room waltzing or going on in away sheconsiders not worthy of a man of his intelli- gence, wouldn't she have been down on him ?You may be perfectly certain she would havebeen very down on him.And she would have been right, for themanners of her guests in her drawingroom areunder her jurisdiction.And the manners of the servants of thepublic when before the public are the concernof men of culture.If not, who is to tell us anything whois to supply the cold douche ?Are we to be told nothing just becausewe are actors? are we to meander onuncorrected ? Heaven forbid. Why shouldwe, why do we, consider ourselves absolutelyset apart from all others as the chosen oneswho may never be corrected ? It is fatuousof us.How do you suppose we can developand get our brains in order if every wordthat is said (unless it be fulsome praise) isto be received by us with our noses in air?Is it not a little preposterous, this attitudeof ours ; let us be as superior as we can bebut let us stop pretending to be so.This pose no, this second nature is the thing which holds back all chance ofdevelopment of the actor and actress.You are sniffing, already, if you be anactress; if an actor you consider me a fool.But why? why sniff or snort?It is the truth that pretension especially pretending to be superior when you are notsuperior is killing the European stage, byrendering the performer stupid.Now the European performer is not anymore stupid than is the European journalistand from the English Journalist comes veryoften the English writer of Genius.But conceive a Journalist who was pre- tentious beyond criticism unable to stopchattering his excuses for himself offeringhis " reasons " why he made an ass of himself.Try and conceive this if you can itis one of the things beyond your power toconceive because Journalism is a very seriouscraft, very hard is the life and the rewardsvery few.There must be no side about a Journalist.I take this type as one to compare withthe actor, for the Journalist and Actor andActress are good friends though there areactors who drive pretence Jto such a pitchthat they even pretend to look down on thejournalist.I speak of the smaller actors and journa- lists, not of course of the men and women ofsense and experience. Lady Wyndham, Isuppose, no longer feels or thinks as she felton reading Mr. Moore's audacious attack.Mr. Moore, doubtless, understands more nowthan when he wrote the horrible thing in 1888.Not that I consider it at all horrible : it was just a mildly cool douche necessaryand excellent; but Miss Mary Moore cannotbut have thought Mr. Moore a great fool.What a to-do what nonsense on ourpart to resent strong criticism, since, if wewon't have it, accept it, learn from it andbenefit, we must get the ducking the stillharsher criticism.Even today we ask for it when, havingproduced a play that is without merit, weperform it in a commonplace manner and reapsuccess with it.We are the servants of the public it istrue; but we are also the heirs of our ancienthouse and with it goes a tradition a veryserious and fine tradition for the preservationof which we are responsible. I would seeit preserved, but there are many in our rankswho do not trouble themselves whether itflourish or die out; these are more concernedwith what they mistake to be the tradition.They believe that the traditions of ourhouse are these : 1. To keep up the status of the actor.2. To club together in order to do this.3. Never to read the papers (I mean topretend never to read them).4. Not to allow the managers to usurpany of our privileges.5. To appeal always to the public.6. To intrigue inside our own house oneagainst another. We don't like this " butwhat would you, dear boy ".7. To avoid unnecessary study as beingdetrimental to the emotional powers.8. To rely mainly upon the instincts;(but which instincts we are not quite certain).9. To be very careful to make no ef- forts to liberate the stage which might en- danger our personal interests.In each of these unwritten laws there isan ounce of good common sense which 1 forone shall always consider carefully. But onlyan ounce.Now what are the real traditions of ourhouse ? Here are some of them : 1. To keep up the standard of acting.2. To keep separate the two divisions:the first Creative: the second Interpretative;and to develop both without confusing theone with the other.3. To avoid all publicity except whenon the stage.4. To allow no one but the workers inthe Theatre to place foot on the stage.5. To allow nothing of our technique tobe made public.6. The actor to work together with theplaywright, manager and fellow actors withoutpersonal jealousies or fears.7. To work well for a modest and suf- ficient wage to the establishment of a sounderHOUSE, with the hope and determinationto better everyone's wage as the years advance.8. To be prepared at any time to makeany sacrifice to save the house.9. To do all in our power to releaseacting and the actor from interpretative workcreative work being so far more valuableto mankind.ifcAND Sarah Bernhardt cried " Down withthe Tradition ". She " cannot live on thesalary of the Comedie Frangaise: thereforewhat use in subsidy " AN actor is one who repeats a portion ofa story invented by anotherThis is Mr. George Moore's definition of1888; and when in 1913 he reprinted the essayhe saw no reason to revise this but let it go.So I take it to be his firm convinction.Now the curious thing is that the Englishactors have come to agree with him andnot only the English but many a foreign actor too.This is a strange alliance Mr. Mooreand the Actor he absolutely despises. " Actingis the lowest of the arts " he says " if it isan art at all ". The actor accepts this toofrom Mr. Moore.He seems to accept anything from Mr.Moore; hence my surprise at what has to beconsidered an alliance.But Mr. Moore will not listen to me norwill the actor.If I tell Mr. Moore what I told him in1908, that acting is not an art but may be- come an art when it wishes to the actorwill elbow forward and say " Who are yera { ittin of ". If I tell the actor that ourtradition holds some centuries of proof thatthe actor can create and need not be " onewho repeats a portion of a story invented byanother " Mr Moore will storm and the actorwill sulk although this releases him from Mr.Moore and a thousand other gentlemen whowould like to keep all actors on the leash and the leash in their hand. He does notlike my suggestion because it practically askshim to take up a heavy load and carry itlike a man and an artist.He will take refuge in lying and willswear that the actor is not, and never was, acreator. Thereby hugging Mr. Moore andcaressing his own chains.Mr. Moore will comfort him greatly bysavagely (I don't think Mr. Moore was everreally savage) launching epigrams at me andall " producers ", " reformers " and the restwho dare to suggest that the performer is toleave him and his fellow dramatists in thelurch. Which is human and understandable.The dramatists want the actors to continueto carry half the Dramatic load ; the actorsprefer that rather than a heavier one. Weak- ness on both sides, Prompt and O. P., andlo ! a fine weak effect is produced.I, as you know, want the actor to carrythe whole of the Dramatic load.The actors have it in their will (if any remains) and in their hands to do so andwithout upsetting anyone's apple-cart.Some of their calling are obviously bornto create to improvise to be actors inthe very best sense of the word. Others itmust be admitted are more fitted to remaininterpreters.So it seems to me that were they to talkthings over without disguising this fact, theywould be able to find some way of dividingtheir forces into two groups each of whichwould help the Theatre in any case, one ofwhich would help the Dramatists.It would take some time to get thingsuntangled and back to the more traditionalstate ; but, could they but determine to meetthe question and no longer to brush it aside,even a year or so given to finding ways andmeans would be time well spent.It is not an easy problem, and for thisreason not very popular.No difficulty of this proportion ever ispopular it always rests with a handful ofmen to take up the difficult problems of anykind of work, and in time show the othersthat the solution of it is much easier than theyhad supposed.In Architecture, in Painting, in all theArts it has always been a small group of fiveor six men at most in each land who haveaccepted the burden for the others.Would it be disastrous should they proveto their fellows that the weight was not avery great one after all; and that for actorsto create their own plays, is not going toshatter the Dramatists' art ?Some people profess to find this a dan- gerous proposal: if so let us " live dange- rously": but is it? it is not an easysuggestion, but once the labour is over it isthe safest proposition the stage and its actorswill ever he able to make.I am not so foolish as to suppose thattomorrow some five or six actors could, bycooperation, create anything as subtle or asfine, certainly not as literary (to use a horribleword) as Macbeth or The School for Scandal:but they might (unless ashamed to beprimitive .... and that would be sheer snob- bery) create something as simple and as soundas Le Medecin Malgre Lui.It would take five or six comedians a littlebit of hard work to do it but they coulddo it. On this I stake my life. And the way they would set about it ?what of that ?Neither you nor I can begin to dictate toactors who have once determined to create.Then they are the masters and we their as- sistants, and assistants have only to do as theyare told and use initiative in that; and I forone am at the actors' service to help if cal- led on. All they lack for the moment is thedetermination.When they can come to such a deter- mination they reach the door which leads totheir freedom. That is the hour for the criticto sit still; for those of us who are theatrecraftsmen to bring every scrap of mother-wit wemay posses and give it to this traditional cause.What would the actors do? Would theydepend on the tricks they know already ?would they perhaps enquire about that oldsystem which flourished in Italy from the 15thto the 18th century, known as La Commediadell'Arte, which means Professional Comedy ?I would suggest there is quite a little to begleaned in that field by serious and pro- fessional actors of talent.And being an Englishman, I hope youwill not think it strange of me when 1 confessthat I would like to see English actors ofstanding'and of talent being amongst thosewho will be the first to take up this matter.Americans of course will. Russians will, Ita- lians will; be not too sure some of these arenot already working in this direction. But who will attempt it ? I'm not one whodespises little groups, but I think it is notreasonable of greatly gifted actors to allowthe nonentities to break themselves strugglingto cope with a traditional craft of this magni- tude. Neither do I like the possibility ofseeing some Dramatic writer explaining toour great actors what exactly thedell'Arte was, is, and always will be : explain- ing how he, the writer, is the very first ofthese comedians only he will not beplaying this time he will write their plays.There were no plays written. They grew,like hardy annuals. Phrases as well as cha- racters picked from the streets, from the houses,from everywhere the actors went, supplied allthey needed. For what a play? subtletalk? complicated situations ? Not at all.Simple situations and ordinary talk.To begin with. Well then, why not begin. (i) See Stoker. (i Personal Reminiscences of Henry Ir- ving 1906. Vol. 2, p, 114. PIRANDELLO ANDHIS ORIGINALITY. BY HENRY PHIPS. MESSRS DENT &amp; SONS are very much tobe praised for introducing Pirandello tothe British Puhlic. He is the latest thing,and Publishers so often wait till the latest istoo late. Not so Dent &amp; Sons. They issuedthe first four or five plays some two yearsago, and now a second volume with threemore plays is at the service of the public.New say some of the critics:—we wouldsay old.This queer complicating, this restless shif- ting of the mind, this questioning of whichone has had so much too much, is as old asany other defect.1 recall how often at the age of twenty totwenty-five I put to myself just the veryquestions which Pirandello, grown up, putsto his audience.Are we what we are? Are we where weare? Am I 1? 1 am myself, I know; butthen my self contains five or six selves. Ismadness sanity ? is it not the sane who aremad? was I born but once? am I an incar- nation of something which was born and diedlong ago? Am 1....? Was 5he....? Will theybe....? These are a sufficiently jerky numberof doubts to possess at twenty years of age :but to treasure them up till one is sixty andthen bring them out as the real value is a littletrying to those of us who believe that to com- mence with the artist must have no doubts.These thousand questions of the modernDramatist, Maeterlinck, Tchekov, and Tol- stoi, Strindberg sometimes, and Ibsen moreoften, are ail rather unnerving, for one mayask, are these questions necessary ?If we could have a quiet little talk withthe Dramatist, we in the Pit answering thequestions of the first Act, the Dress-circletaking on those of the second Act, the Stallsthose of the third, and the whole house sum- ming up the fourth and deciding somethingfor us so that we could all go home quitesatisfied, modern plays might do: but we getno chance of helping Pirandello and Mae- terlinck over their difficulties: all they havedone to help us with our worries is to saddle91 1 m •us with their own. In short in a playhouse we want but apinch of the uncertain, for in no place is itso out of place as there.And when all is said and done about pro- blems, doubts and fears, does not a smilecome up into the face as we stand regardingthese feeble things, isn't that the last com- ment ?Inevitable tragedy, Greek or Japanese tra- gedy, is still the only tragedy: bubbling co- medy, Italian, French and English, is stillthe only Comedy.While the dramatist is not forced to follow/Eschylus or Moliere, he runs a good dealof risk to do anything else. Mere and therehe may be as original as he will, but hemust not fail to state whether he intends tobe tragic or comic. To raise up doubts andanxiety in our already very fuddled headstoday is not playing the game. It is distinctlyunfair on humanity and that's what the Censorshould be stern about.Pirandello is in earnest; he is sincere;and he is vivid: he has a hundred goodqualities, but he has failed to be a very ex- cellent dramatist because he has refused toaccept the conditions laid down in the oldgame, laid down not by you or me but by/Eschylus, Kalidasa, Terence, the Italians ofthe sixteenth century.These conditions curb and help the borndramatist —observed they make him, disre- garded they wreck him. These conditionsnave kept fresh until today all the old mas- terpieces of the dramatic genius. " LeBourgeois Gentilhomme ", " Agamennon "," Sakuntala ", and dozens more such worksof art are as fresh, powerful and delicioustoday as when first made.But folks have talked recently so much about" Liberty ": certain charming and influentialpeople have done this for many years andunder cover of the hiss " be free": an as- tonishing number of lies were whispered intothe ears of the artists, and one of the tiniestof these was that it didn't matter if a playwas made like a novel or like a poem orhow it was made.just as there are some drawings whichought to have been etched, and some etch- ings which would be better left as pencilsketches, and some paintings—in short, assome things have, as it were, got out of them- selves and into a fix, in which they seem to be out of place, so appear, to me, the playsof Pirandello.These plays seem to me most dexterouspieces of something other than plays. Storiesout of shape perhaps.... chapters out of no- vels hurredly, excitedly retold.Did you ever happen to read " The Ex- ploits of Arsene Lupin"? Well, if you beinterested in Pirandello, get that book by theadmirable M. Maurice le Blanc and I willshow you something of Pirandello there.Published in English by Cassell &amp; Co.,nine stories make up the volume " The Ex- ploits of Arsene Lupin". The third andfourth are where you'll find Pirandello insearch of eight characters.At least I am under the delusion that Isaw him in those chapters. Chapter threebegins on page 70: read it all; when youget to pages 91, 92, 93, I think you'll seewhat I saw. You'll catch a last glimpse ofhim on page 126. Unless I am dreaming,which is as likely as not, that last glimpsewill be a very clear one."It's all very well" said Lupin, '* to beBaudru or another, to change your personalityas you would your boots and to select yourappearance, your voice, your expression, yourhandwriting. But there comes a time when youcease to know yourself amid all these changes ;and that is very sad. I feel at present as theman must have felt who lost his shadow. Iam going to look for myself ..,.and to findmyself".It may be that readers of " The Mask "are not in the habit of studying their Mau- rice le Blanc. What with Marmontel, Proustand Jules Verne their sense of variety ispossibly satisfied. I find I do not read anyof these three authors. When I want torelax give me Maurice le Blanc and no oneelse. Not Hornung, not even Gaboraiu orde Boisgoby approaches le Blanc.For had they done so, they, and not he,would have lit up the path for some runnerbefore Pirandello, ....a path he saw, and took,as one takes any old wrong turning.For Pirandello was meant to write storiesand not meant to start his characters tellingstories. There are Italians who find himoriginal. I find Moliere far more original, sofar as theatrical things go. And so far andno further should we look to go when on ourstages. An entrance at the back, two at each side—that's all.No other way leads on the stage, thoughthe ways off the stage are legion.I speak like a critic: were I to be on thestage, working there, may be I should betempted to suggest a little housebreaking, soas to open up new ways on and off thestage: who knows?No one can be both critic and performerat the same moment. The mask of each isdistinct one from the other : as eveo each per- former's mask differs like that of each writer."What city is this?" I ask coming toGenova. "No city" cries the Earth, " onlyan old mask which has fallen upon my faceand which pretends—and it covers the loveliesthillside of all this coast. If you would seeone of my faces you must know how to seethrough the cityA while ago in " The Mask " (I) in writingof Pirandello I expressed regret that the Ita- lian artists should have made efforts in theselast thirty years or so to be original.By original I mean that primitive northernway of expressing themselves which perforcesuits a Blake or a Shelley or even a finehearty Esquimo so very well.Up north we know nothing but winter andhard weather. Slowly but surely we expressthis and it is"Little lamb who made theeDost thou know who made theeGave theethis and that and so on.Perfect of its kind is a little song like that,but utterly innocent of most things: open-eyedand wondering.And as the northern genius goes trampingalong in the mists and the cold seeking toexpress a few tender things there is alwaysa certain fumbling, or a dogged wildness notto be cheated of the serious things whichthe cold and the pale sun make us shiver insaying.Questioning all the time, he roams andtramps crying aloud "Oh why was I bomwith a different face " and " why was Cupida boy?" He stops short before a wraithasking. " Did he who made the lamb makethee"? and again, " was Jesus humble? "Or, with eyes on the rivers which mingle with ocean, he asks with an eye on London" why not I with thine". Even when inthe merriest of moods, he even questionseven the girls; he asks " where have youbeen to, my pretty maid?" and Echo an- swering in proper fashion, where, is rudelyinterrupted by the daisy herself who says thatshe has been milking;—she would, this museof the northern genius,... or may be gatheringbuttercups at Kew.In short, when cold and shivering one ques- tions most things in detail, for the whole ofexistence seems a mistake.And to question is to elicit a number ofanswers. A lamb bleats, a wind howls; wetake both for replies: a girl grins and a lighlgoes out: ....all these nothings seem to uscharged with significance,... we are on edge.So our northern originality has at any ratea certain grim greenness, a raw youth tocommend it: young it certainly is: green inits hopeful, innocent, pale, doubt-chargedmysticism:—it is of value in its place.But out of its place ....down south ....Ca- spita!Northern Originality in the Theatre hascertainly often yielded us unutterable delight;....I do not mean in giving us the powerfullymixed potions of Shakespeare, sufficient, andstrange. I mean those sweet little poutingsongs the English musical comedy stage.Innocence enters triumphantly there, dressedin pinafores trimmed with moss rosebuds,more alluring than a thousand panniers andpatches, and sings about its sweet little self—" Kiss me—no you mustn't—for I'm only Thirty twoNever was such originality till the nor- therner thought it out.But such desperate originality as this isnot of value to the Italian, where the sunhas taught him long ago what will and whatwont endure and he need not go singing itover and over.And yet even but yesterday, before thisancient land had reawakened, just before thecoming of Mussolini and his many thousandmen, the Italian genius was beginning to seeif it could not adopt some of the northernoriginality, ard very fatal was the result.1 recall being obliged to sit one wholesummer at open air concerts where a bandwailed and spluttered out metaphysical music, interlarded now and again with sweet innocentlittle blank spaces of time put in to entrapthe unwary and make it think. This bandwas one of the very best in Italy, and thesounds it made were some of the veryworst in the world, all mimicked from thesounds in Wagner, Strauss, the Geisha, SanToy and the rest. ...A ponderous yearningmixed up with the baby talk of women notunder thirty.In their paintings too, the Italians began toforce themselves to be as flashy and as futile, asis the worst northern genius without any effort.Engraving seized on the northern tricks ;architecture began to bulge and wrigglehideously: stage scenery mimicked ours. Andall without any reason.And how queer this was in Italians, isobvious when one remembers that there wasno European race except the Italian racewhich had mastered evercreation of perfect works Their ar- chitecture, music, painting was perfect; theirliterature, sculpture and drama amazing; theirengraving, singing, dancing, scene, ...in factevery craft ever known was known to themas no other nation knew them. The Italians had all the secrets and stillhave them.What then possessed them, what still pos- sesses them, to assume the virtue of our nor- thern " originality'* }And Pirandello has caught fire from thisred tissue paper with the northern lightsbehind it.His plays are no better than the ViaXX Settembre in Genova, which is aboutthe worst looking street ever built by Ita- lians, with one blessing; half way downit is all arched like the traditional ancientcities.Pirandello has one good thing about hisplays; he is a pleasure for the modern criticto read: he is not dull: he has taken hisMaurice le Blanc to heart. But there endsPirandello as a fine dramatist, for the restis all gasps, jerks, and anxiety: in short, hedenies the masters. He is, to my mind, thevery last dramatic writer to represent anythingthat is called Fascism although he is a goodand true Fascist lam told. Such a doubt- raiser is not going to crown the Fascisti, onlyanother /Eschylus can do that, ...a man faithfulto the very greatest traditions. (i) See Book Review, Vol. X, pag, 91, IN THE VILLA OF PR ATO LINO : A LITTLE THEATRE OF ABOUT 1698.Built by Architect Antonio Ferri. Plate 5. A LITTLE THEATREOF THE 17th CENTURY.PRATOLINO. BY JAN VAN HOLT. PRATOLINO is near Prato and is to Pratowhat Little Holling is to Holling. If youtack ino or lino or rino on to a name in Ita- lian you mean its a little one. Carlo, Charles :Carlino, little Charles; in short, Charlie. Petrus,Peter: Petrolino, little Peter —in short, Peterkin.I was never yet in Prato or Pratolinoalthough the two places are so near to Fi- renze; and now that I am in Paris I regretvery much that I never visited the little Pratobecause it possesses a celebrated villa, builtfor the Duke Ferdinando of Tuscany; in factthe villa is, I believe, the whole place. Villa,vast park, and gardens, grottoes, fountains,and, perched on top of the villa, the Duke'sieatro or rather teatrino little teatro.And as you see in the plan (reproduced1 believe for the first time in the history ofthis world) the theatre is not a large one.The stage measures 25 braccia a Panno wideby 21 deep: the auditorium 25 ditto square.A braccia a Panno is a cloth braccia ; but Ionly can tell you what an ordinary Florentinebraccia measures: it is I foot 9 3//, inches: sothat the Teatrino measures : stage 45 feet 3inches x 38: auditorium 45 feet 3 inchessquare ; so it is almost exactly the size of theKilkenny Theatre (1802) that private playhousebuilt for the Marquis of Ormonde by Ar- chitect Robertson (1).This playhouse was added as a crown tothe house in 1698. Antonio Ferri or Ferrowas the architect, and, as Puliti tells us, itwas built " sopra ai suoi celebri mezzaniniai terzo piano della villa ". There had beenperformances at this villa before 1698 asearly as 1683 may be even earlier. In1684 Filippo Acciaiuoli, that demon withpuppets (2), was called by the Duke to performat Pratolino, and he gave the Duke a teatrinoof Burattini; it had twenty-four changes ofscenes and a hundred and twenty-four figures.But it was not until 1698, the year when Betterton was prosecuted for the use ofobscene language and Mr. Evelyn " dinedwith Mr. Pepys and heard the rare voice ofMr. Pule ", that Ferri built this playhouse.One of the family Bibiena was calledover to paint the Scenes. There seem to havebeen no palchi or boxes but a simple galleryat the far end. The machines for scenes lookto me very up-to-date up to that date,and will I hope interest two people I veryoften think of, Miss Lily Campbell and Pro- fessor Allardyce Nicoll; they will instantlyrecognize the angle of the gar garni. AND now tell me if this other little plan isnot just the kind of plan Mr Masefieldshould have worked from this shapely thing,so absolutely made for fine evening clothes, onelittle pearl stud, thirty to sixty guests andnoble plays in fine verses.It is the Teatro di Castelfranco built bypoets and other letterQti of the Acpademiadei Filoglatti for their plays; built in 1758by architect Preti, sixty years later than thePratolino Teatrino.It was so. designed that the sun couldlight it by day, and at night candles and oillamps would be used. Three rows of boxesat back, each row having nine boxes, andon each side of the stage two boxes morewhich look out on to the stage and also have* * tjan opening looking back at Mr Masefield orwhoever is the host. All very charming andsociable, and we can well believe it lookedgay and hospitable at night when packed. Thebuilding still exists but I believe the light hasgone out of it full of light were the poets.Full of light are the poets.... will they notagain light up many a little private theatre.... may not some of us lend our aid whenit comes to building the next one. (1) We shall publish an account of this theatre in an•early number of "The Mask Ed.(2) We shall publish an article on this curious man inthis volume. Ed. FOREIGN NOTES. MILANO. LA SCALA. O. S. WE hear some people in Milano are seriously con- templating altering the facade of La Scala. Whata giddy notion! Who is there, with any of his facultiesin order, who can conceive of that famous building " LaScala " other than it is?It was not even necessary to have raised the roof aswas done some years ago; neither was its stage in needof all those new machines installed at the same time.What was perfect about the Teatro Scala was "LaScala". Piermarini had done his work well in 1778.It was then as now the finest modern theatre in Europeand what remains of his work is still the best thing about" La ScalaIf any alterations are needed 'tis in that which iscalled L'Arte Teatrale.Better modern operas, and another kind of singer.The singer of the moment is excellent in his own way,and well disciplined, but not exactly as inspired as the oldhouse deserves him to be. A better kind of singeris needed. A better way of staging Opera too; butstructural alterations are all pretention.... a sop to Cerberusperhaps, but what is that dog doing near the Scala'swalls ?With all the brains how little wit. With all thosemillions of lire how little sense. With endless examplesin front of them as to how artists should not behave abouttheir theatres and performances, it is really a little surpris- ing that the Scala is handled as it is handled today bythose who direct its fortunes.And yet there is not a sounder man for his positionthan Signor Scandiani. I place him above Mr Cochranand even above Diaghileff as an impresario. Signor Tos- canini has nearly every virtue a conductor should have,and is especially gifted with a memory which is phenomenal.But where is the Director of the Scala?... it is a Directorthat is needed:—A man who has the one idea necessary.It is obvious that if the Director be either conductoror impresario things will never be what they might andshould be; they will continually be switched off to thatpoint where impresario and conductor start their thinking.Theirs are side and contributory shows; a director has itin his power to bring things to a centre.I would not wish the Scala even such a careful Di- rector as the famous M. Rouch6 of the Paris OperaHouse, because Theatrical things have not come to quitesuch a desperate state in Italy as they are in in France.But this talk of reconstructing the facade must leadeveryone to suppose that this state is not so far away.It is a nonsensical notion.Something should be done, and quickly; there hasbeen long enough to think it all over: for fifty yearspeople in Milano have puzzled how to deal with " LaScala ", and it could be solved in five minutes.Not once have they hit on the right answer to theconundrum.... and so they are convinced that no one elsecan possibly hit on the right answer. And they tell youso, politely, delightfully, silently like true Milanese. Theyhave failed, they seem to say, so how can anyone beexpected to solve the riddle: " What is the solution?" istheir delightful but quite sceptical query: and if we knowthe answer we do not tell these sceptical men. Theyhould at least be allowed to retain the one last belief they 11 ever possess, re., that ail is vain. Thus will theybe in any case following the lead of Paris.Ihey invited M. Appia to Milano; remember that.They did all that human striving could do to make his scene- ries for " Tristan a success, ....and yet they failed. Couldthat failure be in any way attributed to the obsession forbuilding, the passion for machineries, the craze for a -staffof practical men, re., men who could do just what Parisdoes? Surely not. Yet building, machines, and especiallypractical men are all apt to exhaust the strongest cash- box.... then there is none over to pay the artist, the wisedirector, the men of genius and talent. Practical menare never willing or able to do the silly things artists willd 0,... re., save a theatre for example. No, practical men want paying highly. PARIS. Ed. " We are living in the days of women who smokebetween the acts and youths who cover their brains withOxford trousers *\SEYMOUR HICKS (I).I copied this" out from a London newspaper which I foundin the Caf£ Crequi. It seemed to me difficult to un- derstand the complaint—so I asked an American whoalways sits at the next table to mine and who looks morelike a Frenchman than did M. Anatole France; an Ame- rican who amuses me with his odd way of looking at altthings that are not either French or American.He said; "This boy Seymour is a wallow-buff if itmakes him down-hearted to be alive in the very place he- has chosen to live. I'd like to live in London, Sir, as weltas any place on this earth "." But what's the idea of Oxford trousers? " I enquired." Trousers 1* he replied sententiously " which are madein Oxford "." And what makes them so annoying to MonsieurHicks ? " I asked." They don't suit him, I take it, or he's out of sortsmay be" he drawled."Pray what has all this to do with the Censor?" Ipleaded, seeing the Censor mentioned." Nothing, Francois" he answered, getting up andbidding me Adieu.1 remained puzzled; and I just dotted down the con- versation because I would like to put it on record, that itis possible, for a Frenchman to not quite understand theTheatrical world of London although in fullest sympathywith our neighbours the English. f. m. f.&lt;| Anent these same trousers someone 'sends £to us askingif we recall Mr Owen Seaman's verse in " The Scholarp iiFarmer :Oxford! of whom the poet saidThat one of your unwritten laws isTo back the weaker side and wedYour gallant heart to nobbling trorses.But has he got it quite right, our correspondent 7*perhaps he has the trorses wrong—but backing the weakerside (presumably of the trorses) is right—and a very good point too. (i) For the benefit of our foreign readers we may that Mr Seymour Hicks is one ot our foremost Englishactors, unique in the possession of a temperament as viva- cious as it is charming. BOOK REVIEWS. SOME CONTEMPORARY DRAMATISTSby Graham Sutton. (Parsons) 7/6 net. Jacques Galli di Bibiena. I am curiously grateful to Mr Sutton,but let that never budge me frommy purpose which is to praise him." The thing that matters in thisbook is its appendix " he writes; it isthe first line of this collection of studieson some nine very important and someless important English dramatists of theday, with Notes on the others. Andthe Appendix does matter; but it isonly one of the things, not thing,which is the book itself.The five page Appendix is valuablebecause it states facts which never growold and often grow younger.These facts are: how many playsthese nine dramatists have written;when they wrote them; when theywere produced, and who publishedthem and when.The playwriters are Barker, Dane,Drinkwater, Ervine, Flecker, Jennings,Maugham, Milne, Monkhouse, Monro,O'Neill and Vane.I knew the work of most of thesewriters and I had always wanted toknow something about the plays ofMaugham, and not had the opportunity.It is of Maugham I wish to writehere, for Mr. Sutton was the cause ofmy reading two of his plays.Some of the other dramatists, themore celebrated ones, are very remar- kable writers of plays, but even iftheir craftsmanship is good, it is toooften spoiled by the creak of theirboots. And they are apt to cooee atme too ;—they sometimes pop out orpush doggedly through their plays andshake their heads or make faces.Somehow they teaze; they do notleave me free. This is only my im- pression ;—others enjoy them more thanI do.But Maugham leaves me free. Anddo you suppose that Mr. WilliamArcher told me that ?Some of the other dramatists were to the late William Archer more thanSomerset Maugham.In his book " The Old Drama andthe New " (1923) he bravely cham- pioned the new men, and I was be- ginning to love the old fellow, when Isuddenly discover that this most excel- lent of all our playwriters, (to me themost excellent), Maugham, had beenstupidly slurred over. Not omitted—Archer didn't choose to do that—butrelegated to the third row, he who isobviously in the first row and by him- self at that.Not that I am thinking thoughts of/Eschylus and Moliere: but Maughamis what I'm thinking, and I will com- pare him with no other playwriter ofthese times.Not only is it Archer who omits totell us properly what exactly Maughamis; Mr. J. T. Grein shirks it too.In his " The New World of theTheatre" (1924) he mentions himtwice; not to say " Maugham whoknows the technique of the stage toperfection, knows, consequently, howto intersperse these discussions withoutmarring his theme " ; but to apply thisphrase to Shaw of all people, who isjust as gawky on the stage as Maughamis at his ease.Not finding Archer or Grein willingto tell me anything about Maugham,I turned to Ashley Dukes (1911);but found in his " Modern Drama- tists " that he had omitted to mentionhim altogether.At that time " Our Betters " and" The Circle " had not been written,so there is an excuse for Mr Dukeswhich cannot be found for Archer andGrein 0).At present I have only read threeplays by Maugham; " Our Betters "," The Circle " and " Home andBeauty ". I have seen none acted, forI have never been in town when therewas one running. It was a single pageof his set me wanting to read his plays.This was the passage from " East ofSuez " quoted by Mr Sutton in hisbook. And it was a quite ordinarybit of play-writing such as one hasknown ever since one could read ; butit was different from the modern playin that it had ease,directness and acertain way with it which is never tobe defined since no one ever has beenable to know what that way is.In brief, it is the way of the true thea- tre artist and the true theatre craftsman. Maugham makes me suppose that heis one of those rich fellows who haveimmense stores of genius in the cellarand who does not let that worry him." His plays are full of cultured,witty people " writes Mr Sutton; butI can't find them in " Our Betters "or " The Circle ".What I find are beings alive.And this is one of the reasonsMaugham delights me so. I was con- scious of no fireworks ; there was somesmart talk, which is neither clever norwitty but is so real that it creates theimpression that we are in that wittyLondon we have heard of daily forthe last fifteen years in our halfpennypapers, and that London really is de- vilish smart you know.I had never known the whole ofthat London. I've been there andseen it in parts and I'm sorry I hadto come away because of its size andits sobriety and its naughty little Pearlwho is the goods.Horrible people—and the author ishorrible too—so nice people tell me,when ever I am wild enough to seethose people;—and of course they mayknow. I end a play of Maugham'sknowing nothing ;—he tells me nothinghe doesn't seem to care about whatthere is to know: he just shows me athousand glimpses of a world. Is Bessiegood ? is Pearl vile ? If Shaw hadinvented them we should know straightaway: that's why Shaw as a drama- tist is impossible.To me " Our Betters " is a beau- tiful piece of work; and although Iread it only yesterday I have quiteforgotten what it was all about.That's what I call excellent. Sowas it with me when I read "LeBourgeois Gentilhomme ". I forgot allI had heard, but certain figures stoodout still—an unforgettable sentence sangon—and this is how a good play shouldact on us. No headache in the mor- ning, and utter forgetfulness of the pre- ceding evening.In " The Circle " Maugham knocksHenrik Ibsen out in three rounds.He didn't mean to make Ibsen ridi- culous : I doubt if he could read Ibsen,all he meant to do was to stroll easilyround the ring opening bottles of cham- pagne for us all; but he, (Ibsen), in- stead of raising a glass put up a problem," The Lady from the Sea ", and itcame against the bottle and burst like afungus.Mr Sutton, in writing of " TheCircle ", has put me in his debt for Ihad to find a copy at once;—and allI can do to repay him is to say howI enjoyed myself reading it. What a remarkable performance of" Our Betters " could be given if afirst-rate English Company could beselected, if the production could bemade to seem more real than is usual;that's the stuff to send over to Paris :whereas they sent....There can be no doubt that MissConstance Collier and Miss Bannermanplayed the two principal parts in " OurBetters " better than any living Englishactresses could have done ; and MissMarion Terry's performance of thePrincess must have contained beautifulwork.Yorke Stephens, Alice Mosley, Al- fred Drayton, Stuart Sage, ReginaldOwen, John Stuart, E. B. Walker andHenry Ford are some of the pick ofLondon actors. But the play deservesa firstrate English Company which hasbeen working together for several years.Repertory Company ? No: for thatmeans the creaking of boots again : theflat and popless bottle of Asti Spu- mante.But no effort is made or will bemade, and no English Company offirst-rate ability will be permitted toexist, since there seems to be a preju- dice in the profession against the threeor four first rate foreign companies thatalready do exist.Did you ever hear our actors swearthat Stanislavsky's Company and Musco'sCompany were two first rate companies,and why they are so ? No, theydon't see it: it is an unfortunate halluci- nation ; but Garrick Street and MaidaVale are blindly happy and there is anold law in the human heart whichruns " Pity the poor blind ".Come aside so that what we haveto say may not reach their ears:—yousay they are deaf too ? Well then,that's all right and no one will be hurtby what we say.Yes, I agree with you : you've de- veloped the craft of playwriting sothat you can write a good or a badplay to order.... and as these blindand deaf donkeys do not want a goodplay and have no courage to leaveyou to write as you wish you supplythem often as not with superb rubbish.Extraordinary stupid theatre folk—smartlads you dramatists.Maugham seems to me to be thesmartest. Not only can he supply rub- bish at times ; he can at the same timedelight himself and the solid playgoerof sense.I suppose everyone but the molesin Garrick Street can see this. Mau- gham was new to me so I was asblind as the other moles. (i) He does, I am told, give a coupleof pages to him in his latest book 14 TheYoungest DramaSo I must make good about this withMr Dukes. Reviewer. BRITISH DRAMA by Prof. Al- lardyce Nicoll. Harrap &amp; Co. net.STAGE LIGHTINGTLE " THE A TRES. C. HaroldRidge. Heffer&amp; Sons. Cambridge.5/- net. THERE is always one big dangerwhich faces anyone who sets outto write about the Drama and the1 heatre. Either he is positively obligedto be entertaining to theatre goers, orhe has to be willing to bore all thesepeople to death and write a technicalbook, interesting solely to the craftsmanof Dramatics and Theatricals.And so it is surprising how Pro- fessor Nicoll has found it possible inhis new book to bore none and writesomething for everybody who is at allstudious. He is most tactful and pleasing,and manages to link up the old dayswith today and to harmonise all things.He has written a book to which weshall all refer time and again in thecourse of the next ten years, makingit neither too long nor too short. Itruns into 498 pages, it costs 12/—and the publishers are to be congra- tulated on a cheap book which is atthe same time a well made book.The illustrations are excellent: thereare sixteen of them, and an engravedfrontispiece.If one must be at all critical I wouldsay that the subject is a little too vast fora single volume ; but then I'd not haverelished four volumes. What I believeis best for the study of the Drama andTheatre is that scholars should do asMiss Campbell did—take a single branchof the huge subject and write a bookor booklet on that branch alone.The subject " British Drama " canbe divided and subdivided until weeven come down to the last item—andnot the least important either—wigs.Roughly dotting down some of thedivisions we get Subject I, Plays:Miracle plays; Elizabethan plays; theMasques; Restoration Plays, and soon, down to modern one-act plays.There is enough in this one Heading,Plays, to occupy some fifteen or thirtyscholars born to contribute just the onething they alone really know about it;but they must really know and notmerely repeat what we have alreadyheard so often.Subject 2. Opera.Subject 3. Actors and Acting.Some thirty books and brochuresare still needed, each one dealing witha single actor or a single company.Subject 4. Theatre. Sub-dividedinto some thirty or forty parts. A. Architecture: subdivided intosome fifteen parts, each part dealingeither with some special period or withsome special theatre building, or withthe theatres of some special city athome or abroad.B. Stenography. Some ten ortwelve books or booklets could beeasily produced. Miss Campbell co- vers one corner of the subject perfectly.C. Costume.D. Stage management.E. Lighting.F. G. 6c H., ....continue the list asyou like, for I have no time or spacehere to go on with it.Add to these four divisions andnumberless subdivisions the importantsubjects Dance, Masks, Marionnettes,(at the very least some fifteen bookscan be prepared on these subjects) andwe get a notion of the size of thewhole undertaking which no one manor no one group could possibly shoulderalone.But perhaps there already existenough books on Drama and Theatre.I can count over two thousand in myown small collection, and only lastweek a periodical told me that in fiftyyears M. Rondel has gathered togethersome three hundred thousand items.But for all this we still have a lotof work to do—for only about fourthousand of these items are of realvalue—if as many ; and what is neededis smaller, better, more exhaustive smallbooks of some fifty to sixty pages eachdealing with a single subject and givingseveral years to the building of thesefifty pages.And Mr. C. H. Ridge suppliesone of these in his " Stage Lighting ".It is a book of a hundred pages, andMr. Dean and Mr. Gray have stoodsponsers.One of them should have told Mr.Ridge that an index is essential to abook of this kind, especially when ad- dressed, as is this one, to amateurs ... inwhose hands the author is " suspec- ted " of believing lies the future of" Drama as an art ".What Drama as no art is I am notquite clear. I'm afraid the author andhis sponsers have been reading one ofMr. Gordon Craig's books. Yet thiscan hardly be; for, while reference ismade to a number of books and peo- ple, Mr. Craig is not one of these.The book is just what is needed.Ten such books, shorter, better if pos- sible, on even a sub-division of thelighting of stages would be valuable.But let them keep well within fiftypages and be the result of at least fiveor six years' careful work. THEATRICAL IMPRESSIONS.Jules Lemaitre. Herbert Jenkins. 7/6 A Herbert Jenkins book is a livelybook. It is not uncouth, not un- dignified and not undeveloped, yet itwill not exchange its liveliness for anyamount of distinction, dignity or body.It is not a costly thing and yet notcheap. It attempts to be as good asit can under the circumstances; it is,in short, a 1926 book.A 1926 book must first of all beproduced at a profit: it must appealto the liyely part of the bookish public.If by chance it please the super-criticalall the better: it must anyhow firstplease those willing to pay their 2/6,5/— and 7/6.And I like these prices.1 have always wanted to see my" Songs from the Elizabethans ", selec- ted by a man of judgement and broughtout at 5/—. This the Firm ofJenkins does. I want to get a goodreadable story for 2/6. I don't wantto have to pay more. And this theJenkins Firm does too. Mr. Jenkinseven wrote the story. He wrotenine of them, and each one costs 2/6." Bindle " is the most popular storyof this author-publisher. It has alreadyrun into 190,000 copies, and the" Adventures of Bindle " has runinto 60,000 also for 2/6. The othervolumes at 2/6 seem keeping pace withthe first two.But these volumes of the House ofJenkins are not mine to review. Mineis the volume " Theatrical Impressions ":and a pretty little volume it makes,with bright red cover and paper label.Jules Lemaitre was a fine delicate critic,and these twenty-two essays are selectedfrom ten volumes of Lemaitre's weeklycontributions to " Le Journal des De- bats ". So says the Introductory Note,and I must believe that ten volumesexist though I don't like to credit it.For the Theatrical Age of Dumasfils, Meilhac and Halevy, Becque,Sardou, Lavedan, Breux and even JulesLemaitre is somehow not worth morethan, say, eight volumes at most; alarge public of theatre students wouldI feel sure prefer them reduced to four.But Jules Lemaitre is at any rate acritic who never puts on airs nor de- scends to that curious habit, the occa- sional use of a French phrase or two.He keeps to his mother-tongue allthrough. No Irishisms for him. Hisessay on " Les Maris d'une Divorcee ",a play you have forgotten or not heardof, by Raymond and de Gastyne,authors you must have heard of, is inevery way admirable. He likes their jolly play; he likes Ibsen's "Ghosts"too; and he likes Shakespeare's "LeSonge d'une Nuit d'Et£Altogether Jules Lemaitre makes mewonder why it is we have no dramaticcritic in London on some famous Journalwho, in all he writes, could show usthat he really enjoys the theatre; onewho could manage to disguise thoseegoistical sententious tones of Fleet Streetwhich for the last twenty to thirty yearshave bored us to death. MY LIFE IN ART by ConstantsStanislavsky. Geoffry Bles. —. THE American edition of this bookhas been already reviewed in" The Mask " in October 1924 : butnow an English version appears, andwe see it again with fresh pleasure.Thirty shillings is too high a pricefor the actors; it is too high for mostbookish people. It is, we know, futileto tell actors and stage managers thatif they put this book to right use theywill get many times their money's valuein the lessons they will learn. Theargument is sound but will not be lis- tened to.To tell them they will see theircalling in a fresh and finer light, ...fresh,that is, unless they have been steadilyreading the eleven volumes of " TheMask" all these years ...goes unheardinto their ears.Stanislavsky writes of the Theatreand his work in it in away whichstrikes us primarily because it is sounlike the way in which most playerswrite their Memoirs :—Play fair, forexample.We have had many volumes ofActors* Reminiscences;...genial, comicand kindly: but so far as the workof the actor, the life of the Theatre,went, they gave us little but the datesof certain productions, the names in- cluded in the castes, and a hundredanecdotes. Only, perhaps, in some ofthe records written, or personally trans- mitted, by some who worked underHenry Irving, do we receive any im- pression so dignified, so serious, as thatwhich is produced by every page ofthis Russian actor's book.Seriousness even over-seriousness-—is the key note of his entire attitude tothe Theatre: and, added to this, inte- grity. Never from first to last do wefind anything cheap, meretricious, slip- shod, in his attitude to the art to whichhe has devoted himself. Of personaltriumphs he relates almost nothing;financial questions, so far as his ownadvantage is concerned, do not preoc- cupy him. Good work, faithful service of the Theatre, body and soul, theseare all he cares for; and he exactsthat same spirit of service, of personalabnegation, from all those who workwith him.Here are some few of the apho- risms he formulated for his workers:" There are no small parts, there areonly small actors" One must love art, and not oneself.in art ." To-day, Hamlet, tomorrow a su- pernumerary, but even as a supernume- rary you must become an artist "." All disobedience to the creative life" of the theatre is a crime "." Lateness, laziness, caprice, hyste- " rics, bad character, ignorance of the" role, the necessity of repeating anything" twice are all equally harmful to our" enterprise and must be rooted outAnd again:—" The theatre, which performs a cul- " tural mission, demands of the per- " sons engaged in it very much. To" be the director of such an establish- " ment one must be a talented expert"in his own field, that is, not only as a" critic, but as an actor, a stage director, a" producer, a literateur, an administrator." One must know the theatre not only" theoretically, but practically. One" must know the construction of the" stage, the architecture of the" theatre itself, one must know the" psychology of the mob, understand" the nature and the psychology of the" actor, the conditions of his creative" work and life; one must have a" wide literary education, tact, sensi- " tivity, breeding, restraint, mind, ad- " ministrative abilities and much, muchlt M" more .And here he is speaking not evenof the Artist of the Theatre, but merelyof the Director of a Theatre, of onewho is not a creative artist.It is a book made for theatrepeople;—it is to be hoped that therewill be found a hundred theatre peopleto purchase it in England. But wehave our doubts. CIRCLES EMPTY CHAIRS by Sir SquireBancroft. Murray. 10/6.MUSSOLINI: His Political Speeches.1914-1923. Dent &amp; Sons. 7/6. e. g. c. SIR Squire Bancroft is generally sup- posed to be an old man. He hasoutlived Irving, Toole and Salvini,Bernhardt and Fechter, and yet theone thing which realty singles him outfrom all these is his youth. While he became one of the bestLondon actors of his day by dint ofhard work, the genius of youth hewas born with. To fret, to chafe, tobother about trifles or weighty things,was not to be part of Bancroft's life:—" Let the great ones worry, let me behappy ", is what he seems always to havesaid. And so he counselled himself tofling away ambition and do his dutyin that state of life to which it hadpleased God to call him.He was "brought up in some luxury"he says and " surrounded by all thegentle influences " he could desire. Herecalls his father on his horse. Theywhose fathers have ridden horses veryoften develop away of holding up thehead tilted at an angle which givesstyle to the whole person. Bancroftbecame possessed of this style, and hecarries it with him today as he strollsdown Piccadilly and people turn toask themselves " Who's that ?They may well ask, for there goesa man of exceeding good sense andgood heart; and he has written acharming little book in which many anold anecdote is culled from his earlierbook and is as fresh as ever it was.Besides being fortunately born andbrought up (a fortune which actorscannot often claim) he seems to haveever possessed tact, sense and charm.Placed on the sixth or seventh rungof the social ladder at the age of one,it is only natural that he should ascendthat ladder;—ascending it he finds him- self in the midst of Princes, Ambassa- dors, Archbishops, Chief Justices,Dukes and the others ; and, mixing withthese, he raises the social status of theactor. He married Miss Marie Wil- ton, unquestionably one of the mostbrilliant and bewitching actresses of hertime, in nature as sunny as he was,and together they helped to make Lon- don sparkle: so when in 1897 thesetwo very popular people became SirSquire and Lady Bancroft it was allas it should be. I am of the opinionthat Bancroft was the only English actorwho should have received knighthood.Almost every page of his book isup to the mark, and the very title sug- gests that he is preparing another vo- lume. The " Empty Chairs " are thosewhich were once filled by all the greator famous Victorians between 1865 and1910 round Bancroft's table. But whatof those who still live ? 1 do not alludeto the old men of forty (or forty-one),but to the little circle of men of se- venty-eight or eighty-five who so faras 1 can see hold themselves straight,step out with spirit, and cock their headsas in the old days, only more so, for the times ate rather other than theywere, new forces gather, opinions matterless; the great men of today are notable it would seem to hobnob quite asmuch as in Bancroft's pleasant age—and this may of course seem cata- strophic to the circle.Anyhow Sir Edward Clarke, SirA. W. Pinero, Sir Squire Bancroft,Sir J. Forbes Robertson, Henry ArthurJones, W. L. Courtney and a dozenmore cronies are, I think, a fair excusefor a new book by Sir Squire Ban- croft:—a merry book; and I believethat he is slyly preparing it!" That which we Fascisti are oppo- sing is the Bolshevist element in Ita- lian Socialism". (Mussolini).1 hear old Bancroft saying " HearHear " to that: and a " what? " turningto Sir Thingymy Right, adding in anundertone to Sir Thingymy Left " Quitea promising young man this Signor Mus- solini". Yes, the good bright-eyed" B" would not fail to cry " HearHear "—but, alas, the other B. wouldmiss it entirely in the aside.Signor Mussolini, addressing the Se- nate, states :—" Of course if thevote of the Senate be unanimous, itwill please me—(Laughter)—but youmust not believe that unanimity flattersme excessively. I entertain a thoroughcontempt for those who have more orless clamorously sided with me in theselast days (Nov. 1922). They are sooften the kind of people who followthe fair wind and are ready to tumbleheadlong over to the other side whenthe wind changes direction. 1 prefersincere enemies to doubtful friends".1 dread to think what Sir Squirewould feel on hearing that.I fear that poor "B " would lookquite a little surprised at such lan- guage;—but, seeing that Mussolini hassucceeded, he would possibly (after"talk- ing it over with the circle) decide to" wait and see" the play to the end.But he'd find it, so far, rather "queer".1 think that no one outside the circle—out of every circle—could find Fa- scism at all odd. Circles are all rightin a comfortable age and for lands andepochs where all is going along smoothly;they who like and use circles found themin those different days admirably suitedto their methods. But circles are oftenblighting; are apt to be a nuisance ina period which is advancing to newerthings. Circles bring about much troublebecause circles don't like ideas andfind initiative far too independent.i like ideas so well that I read allthat Signor Mussolini says and doesand find it all well said and well done.Politics I abhore. 1 wont discuss them, having a fixed ideal for Go- vernment and Power. Politics are bornof a failure to govern and a lack ofpower. In a house, in a stable, in acarpenters shop, in a theatre, in achurch or in a state what is needed isa man who thinks more of the thinghe is doing than of himself; one ableto give orders and be obeyed.This as a rule is what all big warsproduce, and this as a rule is what abig war teaches every nation: and Ialways feel it a pity when a nationdoesn't learn at least that. Useless toregret that mankind sometimes cannotcome to understand it without trouble;useless to point out now that previousto the war many men lived and wor- ked knowing this and being all thetime put down as lunatics.And, what is always worse than apity, is, the getting together of manypeople in a circle, and in a quitehonest, if rather underhand, way ar- ranging things between themselves socleverly that a people is robbed of itsvision, stifled and fed up with unne- cessary luxuries, well doped by a press(also in the circle) so that the circlemay anyhow be unbroken, thrive, writeits memoirs, and generally ruin every- thing with impunity.But 1 am no Mussolini, no Cromwell,no Richelieu to speak of nations; butof Theatres I know something: and Iknow that the English Theatre and theFrench Theatre are both being bled todeath by circles.These circles are composed of goodmen and women: taken singly eachone can compare favourably with thebest of good fellows. Sir Squire Ban- croft for example. One and all excelin this or that; are human, charming,clever, and in most respects worthy.But when united,—when they forma circle—(which by the way looksdelightful and worthy too)—when insidethat, they one and all become transfor- med and begin to prey on all whichcounts for individuality and expression.Provided it holds, a circle can atany rate boast a kind of grim if smilingpower. It has that. Some peoplehave said that the power is often oneused solely to revengeful purposes.Nietzsche, Blake, Whitman, who arenot often heard of in circles, and neverseen there, are apt to be rather sternabout the Bancrofts and the Clubs,Garrick or Reform, Jacobin or Work- men's. By laughing a little Voltaire isable, just able, to tolerate a circle but they do not tolerate him: so heends by being carried in state to thetomb as the circles snuff out " Unwept,unhonoured and unsung ". " If there is anyone who believesthat, to be a true Liberal, it is necessaryto give some hundreds of irresponsiblepeople, fanatics and scoundrels, thepower of ruining forty millions of Ita- lians, I refuse absolutely to give themthis power (Mussolini Nov. 27.1922).Which seems to me more or less theway Byron liked to hear people speakeven if he objected to have his own wordsso translated ; but he unfortunately diedsome hundred years too early to do so.And who in our land troubles aboutwhat Byron liked to hear—or Blakeeither. As for Whitman, the manwas as mad as Blake and Nietzschemadder than both.And of course, if a wise man pausesto think quietly about it, it is apt to makehim mad to note how fools will carryon when clubbed together in a circle.M Here we go round the mulbry bushthe mulbry bushthe mulberry bushHere we go round "....I hope England will not be verylong before she makes a trial of circle- breaking by experimenting first on theTheatre circle—and its usefulcritics* circle too : for 1 believe thesecircles are of rather a bad than gooduse.I cannot guess why Bancroft's bookshould have set me thinking of allthis: but Mussolini's book has certainlymade it clearer than ever (and it wasnever at all obscure at any time) thatthe control exercised over our EnglishTheatre by our good critics and ourgood theatre men and women is justthe very worst control conceivable.It is not to be expected that theycould ever come to see eye to eye withme in this matter because what I amafter is the release of the EuropeanTheatre from a preposterous situation,and the restoration of the fine tradi- tions it could inherit but continues todisregard.And while those bland circles exist,and those good kind talkative men willgather together and discuss what is oflittle importance, so long will theTheatre be obliged to suffer everycurtailment of its rights,—the right tomove on and do something and useIts splendid traditions.Well, let us not despair. TheTheatre is not the sole property ofany one nation : there are other Thea- res than those shadowy parodies ofthe old place to which the patientEnglishman and the as patient Frenchmanare forced to go.But to make sure of a thrill we had best take a copy of Mussolini's Speecheswith us when we are obliged to sitout an evening's dramatics in Londonor in Paris; for these speeches are asmagnificent to read as they are soundto ponder.Dent and Sons are indeed to becongratulated on having issued this first- class translation.The volume is prefaced by a letterfrom Barone Tittoni, President of theItalian Senate, a man for years knownfrom one end of Europe to the otherand an Italian of Italians. No onewill take him to be a reckless firebrandalthough Signor Mussolini is doubtlessstdl considered so by those in all thecircles.They dislike him because he is notas moderate as they are; they cannotsee that moderation itself can be exces- sive : that never occurs to them.If someone in the English Theatresuggested that it would be a good thingif every actor were to read " TheMask " (and Mr. Lennox Robinson,Mr St. John Ervine,and one or twoothers have done so) the circles wouldbe shocked. For " The Mask " sayswhat it thinks and thinks a long timebefore saying it : yet the London actorhaving drunk, not wisely but too well,at the source of all foolery, is sick,and so can find nothing but ill to sayabout " The Mask ".And I am told by many that nothingbut a very drastic remedy can cure thissickness of mind.A milder remedy would be more tomy liking. I would like to see someone put in power who would givethings one chance more and who wouldopen all the theatrical doors to admitevery scrap of genius and talent.But if the doors continue to beclosed to genius and talent.... COMEDIES BY WILLIAM CON- GREVE, edited by Bonomy Dobree.Humphrey Milford. Oxford Univer*sity Press. London. 2/~net. THE audiences of the future whenat the theatre will lie on theirbacks. So says Mr Dobree, the editorof Congreve, in another book of hisrecently published. He has doubtlesstalked it over with the Managers andthe landlords of the London Theatres,and, concluding that the Way of theWorld is a topsy-turvey way, theythink to correct this by eccentricity.Mr Dobree may not mean his sug- gestion very seriously: so it might havebeen better had he left Mr GeorgeRobey to crack the joke? Yet Robey has cracked jokes to gloomy ends;perhaps we are on the eve of an an- nouncement:" Dobree and Robey,The hilarious woebegone brothersEngland's sole mirth crackers.TONIGHTEveryone will be expectedto lie on his backwhileDobree and Robeywalk over themPerhaps:—and then again, perhapsnot yet.I almost fear the Future of the Thea- tre is not going to be as eccentric assome suppose: not quite as uncomfor- table as partner Dobree suggests.Just for the moment it is prone...nicely sat on: in the future it may getup, and may put in motion its old ma&lt;chinery and " let her go Mr AsherBut I set out to say what a fine serioujwriter is Mr. Dobree when he is in*troducing us to a great fellow likeCongreve.Last January, reviewing Mr. " Restoration Gomedy " in " TheMask ", I wrote that, lacking a popularedition of the plays, the best of talksabout Congreve "gang aft a-gley ", andI expressed a wish, felt doubtless bythousands of readers, that, with a cheapedition of the "Way of the Worldand " The Double Dealer", an essayby Mr Dobree would be the lastperfect touch.And now Mr Humphrey Milfordhas issued just such a volume. FourComedies by Congreve, neatly boundin cloth, on remarkable paper, in agood readable type, with Mr Dobreeas introducer, at 2/net. He must haveread your thousands of thoughts, deirreaders.The volume forms one of the Ox- ford Press series of World Classicsie. volume 276; and except for Eve- ryman's Library I know no better se- ries. Bell's newer Bohn series is in thefirst rank, By Jove, London shouldbe proud of her publishers. NOTHING, by Edward Gordon Craig.Chatto &amp; Windus. 116.THERE is more about the Theatre inthis book than meets the eye; butwhat does strike one at once is that itcontains eighteen designs made for per- formers.This is the edition for everyone, therebeing a more costly edition for collectors.Both editions are beautifully printed,arranged and bound. The publisher' are indeed to be complimented, and theCurwen Press has done as it ever does,taken the utmost care.In this popular edition there aretwenty-five bookplates, some in colour:in the De luxe edition there are fifty- one and a signed proof of a designfrom the original wood block.Here are the bookplates of EllenTerry, Isadora Duncan, John Drew,Mrs Brown Potter and Cissy Loftus;of W. H. Nevinson, Jan C. de Vosand William Winter. For these alonethe book is of historical interest, TOM MOORE'S DIARY; A se- lection edited, with Introduction, byJ. B. Priestly, Cambridge UniversityPress. 1925. 6/-net. TOM Moore's Diary has come tous again, and in it live my LordByron, and old Rogers, and agedWordsworth, and Lord Holland, and,best of all, old Sherry.When I hear that question of Brown- ing's." Ah, did you once see Shelleyplain ? "for twopence I'd cry out, " No, thankthe Gods, but I see Sherry colouredAnd I mean no harm, I mean nodiscourtesy to Shelley, who has opalcolours in him. I mean but to paySheridan once more that courtesy wetoo often forget to render him.The world day by day speaks ofShaw, Tolstoi, Ibsen. I with the.world would invite these three moderngiants to supper with three ordinarymy choice: with Sheridan,Byron and Goethe. 1 would likethe world to pass an evening withthese six.Because it would be a famousevening.We should dine in Paris orVienna.I'd back my Sheridan against thelot: I believe he'd prove the biggestman of the six.And here he is with Tom Moore—and should you want more of him try" Michael Kelly's Reminiscences ";and if these are not enough, one actof the *' Rivals " should serve. Onescene of one act, one passage fromone scene.Tom Moore's Diary as it comesfrom the Cambridge University Pressis a delightful volumette—too small,for the fun of Moore is that he cango on and on; but like all the booksfrom this press what a delight to lookat and to touch. A HISTORY OF THE BIRMING- HAM REPERTORY THEATREby Bache Matthews. Chatto &amp; Win- dus. 1924. 7/6 net. I find nothing in this book whichconveys to me any suggestion thatthe Birmingham Repertory is of im- portance to the English Stage.'• The lesson of the BirminghamRepertory Theatre" writes Mr. G.Bernard Shaw, " is ....that art is kept" alive, not by the established trade" in it, but by the desperate efforts•' of art-hungry individuals to create" and recreate it out of nothing for" its own sake ".Which is not quite correct.For the Birmingham RepertoryTheatre really cannot be said to keepArt alive; it keeps it more or lessdead. To keep it alive may need" desperate efforts"; there Mr. Shawis more right than I should havethought possible. How does he knowthat ? But what is a " desperate ef- fort "? I refer to the genuine article.In England everyone is " desperatelypoor"1 have lost all my money,I am utterly ruined ", sobs Mrs.McSmithereens when reduced to a mere£ 6000 a year. It is now the habitto use the word " desperate " inEngland,—that and " deplorableThe Birmingham Repertory Theatrehas a fine spirited leader in Sir BarryV. Jackson, the founder and directorof the Theatre, at whose " request "Mr. Matthews put this record together.The book is carefully done. TheTheatre, 1 consider, ill done. Thebuilding I do not like, either, its outsideor its inside. 1 do not like thedeadly serious way the theatre takesitself. I do not like one of the de- signs in the book and 1 do distinctlylike the theory of playing " Cymbe- line " in modern dress. The photoshowing a group of the performers inthis play is not the worst in the book.But that this should have been done, thetheory put into practice, is a sorry fact.Doubtless the actors at this theatreare efficient. Mr. Coats M. A. says soin " An impression " included in thevolume To be efficient is not enough." One always has, at the RepertoryTheatre a sense of witnessing a tho- roughly conscientious interpretation " isWhat Mr. R Spears, another writer,feels. He says so in " Some Impres- sions " also included in the volume." A conscientious interpretation "are the words which have been usedby the hundred and fifty famous wri- ters in "The Era" when describingperformances by provincial companies visiting third-rate towns. Is that all thatcan be said for the Birmingham Reper- tory Company, which has energy, and its,own Theatre, and capital to back it ?Can it be that England is terriblyhard up for talent that it is obliged topraise this Repertory Theatre in apo- logetic tones.The efforts of Sir Barry Jacksonand Mr Shelving to produce scenerieswhich shall look rather professional,strikes me as wrong somewhere. Whynot emplo/ a Hawes Craven or someother genuine Scenic man and havedone with it if you have capital. 1do not like the other thing. And Ido not like Sir Barry Jackson sendinghis architect to Germany " to see someof the Reinhardt Theaters " before heperfected his plans:—could anythingmore incompetent and resourceless, unin- formed and unnecessary, be imagined,And Sir Barry Jackson had beenarticled to an architect and had stu- died at a School of Art too.When a good carpenter makes a chairhe don't bother about what Germany orRussia are doing in the chair line. Hegoes ahead and makes it, good, light,sound and beautiful. That's to say if hebe a Sheraton or Chippendale. And whowants anyone less than another sortof Chippendale or Sheraton makingTheatres in England. Evidently Bir- mingham doesn't. And it seems thatLondon doesn't. Apparently Eng- land doesn't want anything in the.Theatre that's not genuine pinchbeck.Birmingham Repertory Theatre : LyricTheatre, Hammersmith : Old Vic. Sur- rey side : Everyman, Hampstead ' thelist tots up to thirty or forty LI t TLE DRESSMAKERS INLOVE by Yoi Maraini. Methuen.6/- net. SIGNORA MARAINI has added toher earlier books, published underher signature of ' Yoi Pawlowska *, thisvolume of charming stories about the littledressmakers and modiste of Florence.These ten stories, in which sheshows sympathetic knowledge of thelives of these young creatures, theirlittle comedies and tragedies, have thatgrace which always characterises thiswriter's work.After reading her book you cometo feel that a few of these little ladies,who flit to and fro, morning, middayand evening, upon the Florentine stage,are rather more real than the rest;...that "the thousand little prototypesof Venus" as the author labels thau.is a good enough label for the thous. and, but that three or four of themsingled out by Signora Maraini areafter all worth a good deal betterlabel—one apiece. A GALLERY OF CHILDREN BYA. A. Milne: Illustrations by H.Willebeek Le Mair. Stanley Paul&amp; Co. 12/6. ANYBODY wishing to produce amore charming book than this forthe nursery will have to put his bestfoot forward.This " Gallery ,f contains just thekind of thing that small children like ;the sort of illustrations that please them,the quality of drama they enjoy. MAGAZINES. NOTES ON A GROUP OFo JOURNALS. o "Architecture 99 (0 " Hohewarte 99" The Calendar 9 9 W " The LondonMercury 99 (3) " The American Mer- cury 99 (4) 44 77ie Dra? (5) " Co- lour 99 (6) " Criterion 99 (7).IS Architecture the first to have intro- duced into England the discoverythat half tone plates can be printed onthe same roughish paper as is used forthe text, and that the " art " paperwith its polished surface can thereforebe banished ?Anyhow this was a very good thingto discover.What the name of the process is Ido not know. I suppose it is a kindof off set process. The first time Iever saw half tone blocks used withthe type upon non-polished paper wasin 1905 when J. A. Lux issuedHohewarte, a fortnightly magazine, inVienna. It was printed by ChristophReisser Sohne, and famously too, arougher paper being used than Archi- tecture uses today.Ever since I have waited, expectingthe same idea would be adopted all over Europe. It is astonishing how slow Europe is to adopt an idea pro- perly; that is to say, without loss of time, loss of style and loss of money, And yet how much time, style and money would be saved if only Europe would make it more possible to hurry up with these new ideas. And they are never so good, never so perfectly executed, as the day they are invented, Architecture reproductions are excel- lent; its text I find a little less enter- taining than it might be. In an interesting article on "The Architect's Bookshelf " by Mr. M. S. Briggs is the curious statement that manuals of building construction are usually dull and that books on archi- tecture are best when not illustrated. But if my Serlio, my Vignola, Vitruvio, and Pozzo lacked their many hundred copper plates and woodcuts I should regret it. For all I know " The Ar- chitecture of Humanism " cited by Mr. Briggs may be held to be the best histo- rical essay of the day; but how a few designs could have hurt it is not clear to me. Is it so slight a work that the least image would distract and lead us astray ? The Calendar has no illustrations; but then it is a lively thing; entertain- ing too (what daring nowadays!) and is to my mind quite the best literary magazine issued in England or Ame- rica. Is it a success? I ask, for good things sometimes do not pay. And yet they should, for when was there such a number of magazines is- sued in England, all of which are trying to publish the best. Is there room for so many ? The London Mercury seems to be having a long innings and would be more readable were its line less long: and five inches and one eighth of an inch is too long a line unless the type used is a much larger one than the largest used in " The London Mercury ". For this reason I much prefer the double column of The American Mer- cury9 apparently an only too successful affair. But neither of these Mercuries is as entertaining as " The Calendar" (whose line, by the way, is good, measuring four inches). They are too thick— too full; perhaps too literary; not nimble enough for Mercury. I am not conscious of quite enough happi- ness in the writers; and more sense of happiness surely could not harm anyone's prose. Humor, too, is rather too often ab- sent from these Mercuries. It is some- times even shut out with a bang from the Editorial Offices whenever a wood- cut or a drawing is allowed to slip inup the private stairs,The Editors of The Dial show avery nice sense of what illustrationsare useful to any literary magazine,There is always something in " TheDial " which lights up the room ; *.*.alittle colour-plate by Bonnard or byMarie Laurencin or Picasso; some**times woodcuts by Mr, Lanks or someother not too dull engraver ; pen andink sketches by Cocteau ; carvings byNadelman ; light things that are notstupid. One imagines that the " LondonMercury " knows of but two kinds ofillustration ; the incompetent or the dull,for I cannot recall seeing there a pagedesign which was really worth while,Of course Mr. Powys Evans makessome speaking likenesses of celebntiesnow and again ; but nothing com pa -rable with such drawings as WilliamRothenstein used to give us, a fineartist who one would have thoughtwas the very man to lighten up thepages of this excellent magazine nomatter what it might cost, or how longit might take to persuade the artist," Colour " on the other hand mightsurely add a more worth while textto its magnificent collection of paintingsand drawings. Sometimes I feel thatin London are none but a pack offools—for all their cleverness. Hereare " Mercury", "Calendar , " Cri- terion ", all of them going it for allthey are worih outside the publichouse ; each of them with a harp,and over on the other side of thewater sits " Colour ' tootling splen- didly on a sackbut.And what makes me take the Lon- doners for fools (and it s a delusionof course) is the obvious fact that thefour should join forces and can t:should make music in concert andreally entertain the beer-drinkers insideall the public houses, visiting each inturn; no row about " queering thepitch " ; but overhauling their instru- ments and programme, throwing a goodhalf of their music into the Thames ;rehearsing carefully, and then making areal effort to entertain,There'd be some sense in this ; justthat touch of comrnonsense which atoo close attention to the point of thepen is bound to prevent,What would not ordinary magazinesgive to have this capacity for hardthinking and good writing which thewriters and editors of these three jour- nals possess ! Having these finer sensesand greater powers why refuse toacquire that ordinary comrnonsensewhich would be such a very easything for them to get ? Or why do no* the ordinary jour- nals with common sense come forwardand offer to join with these morebrainy affairs.Then a very large audience wouldbe enchanted as well as devilish inte- rested. (1) Architecture. Monthly. The Buil- der Ltd, Catherine St. Aldwvch, London.(2) The Calendar. Monthly I I Fea- ther stone Buildings, High Holburn, Lon- don.(3) The London Mercury, Monthly,229, Strand, London.(4) 772&lt;? American Mercury, Monthly,Fifth Avenue, New York,(5) The Dial. Monthly, 75,2, West 13thSt New York.(6) 44 Colour Monthly, America.(7) The Criterion. Monthly, Adelphi,London. THE SACKBUT. Curwen Press,London. Monthly. FROM " The Sackbut I cull thefollowing :—" When a Galli-Curci," who has been through hell and star- " vation without hope of recognition," manages to get through and create" a furore, there is not one amongst" us who need be jealous of her success." 'She is mean * they say. Did she" find generosity when she needed it" most? ' She will not help a struggling" artist *. Did anybody wish to help" her? ' She won't admit she had" tuition *. Perhaps her .teachers crip- " pled her at the beginning and made" impossible terms*. No, I for one" am glad when some star flits across" the firmament, for I know that how- " ever bad the tales may be about" them, they are never bad enough to" satisfy my longing for revenge at the" slights some of my great friends have" suffered and been broken under ".Ursula Greville.This is quite the correct spirit, andyet I am not sure. When the strugglethe artist makes grows less as successcomes, can there be any bad feelingleft either for the struggle or the op- posers? ...surely not.The struggle is easier to cope withthan is the too big success.A great performer must bp especiallycareful. I would suggest that HenryIrving is the best example to follow.He goes slowly: no wild success suchas is offered by a big city to manywomen performers: for he keeps thething in check, as should every wiseperformer. Success to be the genuinething must glow steadily, the light in- creasing in strength: a sudden flare upis a pity all round. I am inclined tothink that men like Liszt, Paganini,Chaliapine and Irving ride and controltheir immense success better than dowomen like Rachel, Sophie Arnould,Bernhardt and Duse, But how becritical of anyone for a success achievedthrough the display of great talents?Here is a woman who sets fourcapitals alight talking of her wonderfulappearance and becomes practicallyqueen of a fifth for two or threeyears: makes helf a million and spendsa million.— Is there anything to be cri- tical about in that? If she enjoyedherself all the better. If she hassquandered it's only what Sheridandid before her. Stop them, you say:—help them. A very first class sug- gestion of yours: tell me how to do it.Bnt I am not quite in accord withMiss Ursula Greville where she speaksof 44 slights M which her 44 great friendshave suffered and been broken underI have never yet known a really greatpersonality who suffered to the extentsuggested from such contemptablethings as, 44 slights and as for break- ing under them, it is obvious everyyear that genius breaks over thingsand does not go under. THE REVIEW OF ENGLISHSTUDIES. Messrs. Sidgwich drJackson, Quarterly. Vol.-/, Nos. 1-4. A Quarterly journal of English Lite- rature and the English Language ;valuable essays useful to students of En- glish Literature. It proposes to raise thesubscription from 3 jto 5/- a copy. PUNCH. 10 BouStreet, Lon- don, Weekly. SUDDEN THOUGHT! Does" Punch " ever get reviewed now- adays ? 1 seldom see anything in thePapers about " Punch " which is worthwhile.But never have I seen a better numberthan the Almanack for 1926 which Ibought here for 10 lite on November10th of 1925.The comicality of the thing startedright away. 10 lire being about 2/—and November 10th almost two monthsahead of the date it is due, the whichI take was to be January Ist 1926.And this wrings from me a roar oflaughter.... for the slap-stick of the agehas me. When, in 1826, we camedown to breakfast on January Ist and,looking for a festive time, we found ourMr Punch or Giovanni Punch, (for thefamily came from Italy), awaiting us,not half an hour late but to the tickof 8 o'clock, the day was made mer- rier by his presence. Nowadays weget it over by then. We've all seenit, read it and forgotten it betweenNovember 2nd and November 12th,two months ahead of time. Screamsof laughter : world upside down.Thoughts are still apt.... drugs as fit asa fiddle,... but time—time—the clockhands are making passes—we are mes- merized.But what matter when such a num- ber of 44 Punch '* comes out—with Ber- nard Partridge and Raven Hill at theirbest; Fougasse, George Morrow, andLewis Baumer better than ever; Ar- thur Watts and Armour immense, andFrank Reynolds seemingly unable tostop. Lots of other artists help tomake the number top-hole, and theletter press hasn't a dull line in it.But conceive my amazement, on tur- ning the first page, to find one of themost beautiful of Fred Pegram's fineline drawings given away as an extraand on the 9th page as neat a thing asFellows ever did also given in extra.Both of these page drawings serve toadvertise things (1) The Orient LineCruises (2), Renault's Motor Cars.I shall add both drawings to my col- lection, and a car and a cruise later.Pegram is of course genuine 1900;Fellows right up to date, 1926. Bothmen's work will be carefully preservedby tomorrow's historian. A whole vo- lume oil the manners of 1900 Englandwould say less to us than Mr. Pegramdoes in ten or fifteen drawings of his.His ladies are as perfect as was 1900.They took snapshots all day as onlyPegram can tell us; they passed teaas Pegram shows us, and, so far as Iknow, no one else shows us.As for Mr Fellows, 1 can look verylong at the ladies and gentlemen hetells me lived in 1926. I write asthough I was living in 2026 :—someone will be I hope, and 1 here andnow recommend him, when producinga play of this first quarter of the 20thcentury, to turn to his Fellows.Thus and only thus they stood inthe doorways of the big hotels ; thusthey glided and came out. That wasjust the face the chauffeur put on. Infront of all things, blocking the way,the view, and the ridiculous old notionof life stood the motor car,... its bulkywheels with Kelly Cords, its immenselamps. Out come Mr and Mrs Larry,Tommy or Dicky something, and Ridleydrives 'em home. Obviously all arethinking about weighty matters.,., what?Fellows knows, and what Ts his reply Nothing. EDITORIAL NOTES. A PRINCEL Y GIFT, o MR Charles Rutherston of Bradfordis possessed of two things whichseldom go hand in hand—wealth andtaste: and by applying his wealth tothe purchase of works of art he hasin the last thirty years or so formed avery remarkable collection.To his wealth and taste he hasadded a third thing—generosity.He has given his collection to theNation ; placing in the hands of theManchester Corporation " an impor- tant collection of oil paintings and draw- ings, etchings, wood engravings andlithographs by modern artistsThis is the act of a prince.In the old days Princes gave awaysuch things for a song : conditions werenot imposed.Times having changed and Mr Ru- therston, being more thoughtful thanany prince was ever able to be, thinksout a plan by which thousands ofpeople may (he hopes) be brought tolove art for itself alone, re, withoutpaying for it. He perfects his planand then submits it with a kind smileto the Corporation. The Corporationis asked to agree that " the capacityto enjoy and create true works of artcan be awakened in many withinwhom it now lies dormant " and thataesthetic emotion is essential to in- dividual and communal well being " ;and so the Corporation is to lend theworks of art, one or twenty, sixty ori hundred, to all and sundry othernaileries.Mr Rutherston is not an idealist inhe stupid sense of the word ;—he isi serious, kindly and highly intelligentnan. But he has not painted pictures,mgraved plates or made sketches for;he papers to earn a living. Manyan artist has had to do all this. Andyou must ask such an artist what hethinks of Mr. Rutherston's plan to geta reply worth your attention.We believe the reply will be againstany such notion as this Lending system.For the artist is a commonsenseman. As he enjoys what he has topay for he naturally supposed that therest of the world (omitting dead-heads) will also find more enjoyment in pos- sessing something for which they werewilling to pay, than for the cheapest ofglimpses through a glass window ofsomething delicious which they maynot possess.The artist will ask Mr. Rutherstonwhy he bought things he loved somuch and why he was hot contentmerely to look at them when loaned.If Mr. Rutherston did not like bor- rowing why does he suppose the En- glish man with less means will likeborrowing any better than did Mr.Rutherston.The artist will also point out to Mr.Rutherston that the Lending Librarysystem, a horrible invention of this age,has not at all improved the Englishtaste for fine books. At best it haspossibly encouraged swifter reading.Books no longer have all the qualitiesthey once possessed, and this is in greatmeasure due to the lending library.Again, suppose oneself Mr. Gill thewood engraver : and suppose one doesas Mr. Gill does, prints off hundredsof one's woodcuts at 5/— or 2/— apiece so that the poorer kind of publiccan buy them.At the success of Mr. Rutherston'sscheme these cuts become worthless;for Mr. Rutherston can send roundour 5/— woodcut, loaning out whatwe have sold him to keep for himselfand for the visitors to his house. Ifthe artist had thought he would under- cut him in this way he'd have put uphis price.No, it seems to us a bad proposalthis lending of 5/- prints.To lend a drawing which may cost£lO to £2O or more and of whichthere is but one copy is perhaps anotherproposition. We don't like it, but atany rate it doesn't do much harm tothe artist; whereas the loan of 5/—prints does great harm. It will in timeurge the artist to issue 3000 copies ofa print at 6d a piece; he will thenhave to turn printer to do it; and em- ploy a staff of men to execute hisweekly orders. And by the time hehas " worked up his business " he willhave forgotten how to draw, how toengrave, and will hate the whole ofhis work.The gift Mr Rutherston makes is aprincely one: the several conditionshe tacks on to the gift seem to us tobe wise and good; all but one, whichis this lending idea.We hope Mr Rutherston will cut itout of his plan. It is not an idealisticitem, it is a rather a sad one.We agree with Mr Rutherston thatthe capacity to enjoy and create can he awakened: not by making thingssoft, by making things hard.And we believe that Mr Rutherstonknows this. He is not blind to Wil- liam Blake's work nor deaf to hiswords.You cannot but recall that phraseof his so much quoted in " TheMask " " Dam braces: bless relaxes *especially in an age such as this.Did not Blake learn that bit of know- ledge from the very fount of wisdom,from experience: was it soft or hard,that experience ?It was hard—too hard—almost be- yond his bearing. Its fault was it bra- ced him up beyond his powers.Such cruelty we do not prize al- though it is a cruelty practised over- much by those in authority in landswhere the labours of the artist arenot rewarded, and where Institutionsdull as ditch-water are prized aboveIndividuals.But we do value some strain beingput on us. We like to know that ifwe can make the effort we too maypossess a pretty drawing by AlbertRutherston ; and we're damned if wewant Mr. Jones fo " show us his Ru- therstons " ; that is a little too depres- sing. We too want to be able to feelproud to possess, even if (like Luciferand the rest of mankind) we haveto suffer a little fall later on. A TT A BOY! IN that enchanting, though up-to-date,publication, "The Literary Digest",which is the most unpretentious affairwe know, and which delights us be- cause its knowledge of Literature is notoverwhelming, and because it enter- tains us with a variety of things besidesthose which are either Literary or Di- gestable, ....in this good old friend ofa Magazine, we came across a sadlittle paragraph about three young andbadly brought up Americans, re., Mr.F. W. Jones, Mr. D. M. Oenslagerand Mr. J. Mielziner.We say badly brought up becausethe paragraph tells us that the way Mr.Oenslager is taught to study the Theatreis to " ransack Europe on a HarvardTravelling Scholarship ".Ransack! We tremble for Yale's fu- ture. Why send out youngsters to" ransack Europeand in the holyname of Harvard too?These boys are very proper youngfellows and, to judge from theirportraits, look as though a good six✓years more training would be just thething—but not the hectic training they ve received up to now. They need agood solid man like Barrett Clark look- ing after them. They are good enoughstuff, but need curbing, not exciting.Here, there and everywhere thesefine fellows have heard the cry' Att- aboy'! "See here! you, lads; go toEurope and ransack it. Afterwards doas other Americans do, say there wasnothing in it- and the boys havegone atta, and the result is somethinglittle short of mild.Not their fault one scrap,—abso-lutely the fault of this wretched Ame- rican system, entirely the fault ofbeing allowed to believe in soap bub- bles: and Professor Baker and theother professors ought really to think itover and not cry Atta and let slipthese boys of war, without giving themsome of Lord Chesterfield's advice abouthow not to learn things. o MORRIS G A IN. o LADY Diana Cooper is now in theUnited States again fulfilling anengagement with Mr. Morris Gest toappear as the Madonna in ' he Mi- racle ",Miss Iris Tree went with her andis performing the part of " The Nunin the same production. According toLady Diana, Miss Tree had never beenon the stage before and she has hadonly a very little time to rehearse herpart. Taking it all in all it seems ratherhard luck to be one of the hustled.Altogether we do not like Mr. MorrisGest's notion of turning the Theatreinto a play-ground where anyone at afew weeks notice can be thrust on todo the best with a star part. Still,we can quite understand the argumentof thousands of collars.So we congratulate Miss Free onher engagement and hope she will findin America plenty of inspiration, comeback rich, give up theatricals, and giveher friends another book of verse.For, Miss Tree, you are surely notgoing to say that the art of poesy istoo difficult, having made such a suc- cessful start. And the stage is, wealways feel, for another Miss i ree.There can be two, of course, but wenever heard of more than one of a namethat was really radiant. ON A SAN GA THE following is a second Notefrom Senatore Corrado Ricci, forlong the Head of the Italian Ministryof Fine Arts." The design by Sangallo Giovanepublished in "The Mask" of October 1925, Plate 11, was made, in my opi- nion, as an illustration of the Chapterof Vitruvius in which he speaks of theTheatre and theatre scene. The trian- gular machines are the periacte, andthe ospitij the places of the ospiti(guests) which one entered from thelateral doors, etc. etc. But perhapsthis has been said by others!Corrado Ricci.Roma, December 1925. THAT SHAKESPEAREo THEATRE. o DO you remember, not Sweet Alicefor she is unforgettable, but thatannouncement made by Mr. ArnoldBennett in a London newspaper inOctober of 1923, about " A Shades- peare Theatre at Last " ? (0If so you will recall that Mr Ben- nett announced that Mr Dion Calthropwas the man who " out of his ownhead, has done something concrete ",and the Kingsway Theatre was thespot. There at last was to be thatShakespeare Theatre.If you can remember all this you'llalso remember that seven months later,in May 1924, the London papersannounced that Mr Dion Calthrop pro- posed to reopen the Kingsway Theatrewith a revue named ' At Home * ".And now Mr Calthrop has becomea director or the director of a vastBroadcasting Business.It may be Mr Calthrop's way ofcoming round at last to a ShakespeareTheatre. He may broadcast Shake- speare. If he succeeds, then Mr Ben- nett really ought to write once moreabout the concrete, announcing thatthere will be " Shakespeare readingsat last ".But this doesn't bring the Shake- speare Theatre nearer to us.It is, however, a feather in the capof a big firm to be able to boast thatit has acquired the services of so ener- getic a man of talent as Mr Calthropand has lured him off the stage.If we had the money to offer himwe'd lure him on again. However,plenty of time when we have a stage tooffer him: and Mr Calthrop is per- fectly right in going to people whohave the sense to make him a decentoffer:—the paragraphs, concrete arti- cles, need not be wasted : they shouldbe used again, just changing the nameCalthrop to Codlin, to Baylis, to whatyou will.€| To come to a better appreciation of what Mr. Bennett does in betweeihis labours of writing readable bookone should read his note about thpart he played in founding the LyriTheatre, Hammersmith, It's not everyone will go round looking for fundsand getting them too, to help a deserving cause. We never imagineMr. Bennett capable of any thing cthat kind.Very spirited of him, it seems tus :—we suspect Mr. Bennett of havina dreadfully kind heart. The LyrkHammersmith little Nigel Piayfair...really it's just a bit touching. (1) See " The Mask Vol. X. No. 3.p. 138. o POTENTIALITY. &lt; WE are always being told of thepotentialities in America: thebig word sounds potent and is in realityrather puff-ball.For what is Potentia? is it notthe Possession of concealed power ?Now American power is revealecall the time: Potentiality is the possihility of action. With Americans ncaction is allowed to be possible sine*every possibility is exploited in the budPotentialities therefore can only be saidto exist in a people who observe animmense discretion in displaying someof the powers they possess. A W O R D FROMTHE P ÜBLISHERS rhe Publishers regret that, owing tpostal delay, a revised proof cone of the advertisements which appeared in the October number of '' ThMask " arrived too late for the intended alterations to be made, the sheehaving been already printed off. The corrected version would haviavoided all personal comparison; foit would be a pity if, in the advertisements of a periodical, place should evebe found for the comparison of tbmerits of actors, the only place foany such reference being in the bod;of the magazine. The Publishers sincerely hope that in the advertisemenabove referred to no offence was giveito anyone. ERRTA. J. S. ON page 28, last line, for " FairDeli " read " Fairy DollOn page 39 , column 1, line 4for " they cooe at me " read " they come at me