Bruno's Weekly 1 5 August 14th, MCMXV naaq_1915-08-14_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 5 RABBONI Oscar Wilde cre 1 Edison's Little Thimble Theatre: Its Real Mission 1-2 The Monday Matinee 2-3 The Atlantic in War Time: Being an Eye-Witness' Account of the Attack on the Orduna W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 3-4 Disc Concerts on Washington Square 5 A Tragedy Guido Bruno cre 5 Drawing by Clara Tice Illustration 5 The Spirit of the Village Hippolyte Havel cre 6-7 The Poet's Fate 7 The Little Church Around the Corner in Greenwich Village Illustration 8 Everybody Welcome! 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 5 AUGUST 14th, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 1915 by Quido £Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y. Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno at58 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly. RABBONI Oscar Wilde The silver trumpets rang across the dome:The people knelt upon the ground with awe:And borne upon the necks of men I saw,Like some great God, the Holy Lord of Rome.Priest-like, he wore a robe more white than foam,And king-like, swathed himself in royal red,Three crowns of gold rose high above his head,In splendor and in light the pope passed home.My heart stole back across wide wastes of yearsTo one who wandered by a lonely sea,And sought in vain for any place of rest:"Foxes have holes, and every bird its nest,"I, only I, must wander wearily,"And bruise my feet, and drink wine salt with tears." Edison's Little Thimble Theatre:Its Real Mission $|UST to make it clear once more: Mr. Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre has no other purpose but to giveyoung American musicians, composers, poets and playwrightsa hearing. To act as a free forum accessible to everybody whohas done something that he considers worth while and to givehim a chance to be heard by an unprejudiced audience.Judging from Mr. Edison's mail of the last weeks, a goodmany people seem to be under the impression that the ThimbleTheatre is a kind of philanthropic institution for musicians andsingers out of employment, others mistake it for a concert hallwhere artists of fame will be heard. The mere fact that onehas a known name, that one has a pocketful of newspaper clip- pings or has sung or played before European princes and mem- bers of royal families and has received medals and crosses ofhonor, bars him from an appearance in the Little ThimbleTheatre.It is just the American who works and toils honestly in thiscountry and has not had, for some reason or another, a chance to be rejected or accepted by an American public, that Mr.Edison is interested in.We live in an age of recognition. The tragedy of a Poecould hardly be repeated to-day. The good work done willultimately gain recognition and it is solely up to the man him- self to create for himself the right circle of activities. Americaneeds good music, good poems, good books. While the writerhas it comparatively easy to persuade a publisher to see themerits of his works, the musician is handicapped by that supremeillusion which has taken hold of all impresarios and producersof plays: that America has no music and that the Americanhas to look for real good stuff to Mother Europe. But theworst of it is they don't want even to lend themselves to anexperiment. They are afraid of everything that hasn't gotthe European label.It would be megalomania to assume that the activities of theLittle Thimble Theatre, even if successful beyond expectation,could change this condition. But the little snowball kicked offincidently from the high mountain grows to be a big avalanche.And if the larger public cannot be reached and the composeror musician derives no other benefit but to play in public, hisself-confidence is being strengthened and he returns homefilled with new ambitions, and plunges into his work with newvigor.Mr. Edison invites every American musician, composer orsinger to take advantage of his Little Thimble Theatre. Seriousefforts will find serious consideration. The Monday Matinee MR. W. G. BLAIKIE MURDOCH who will relate on Mondayat 2:30 P. M., his experiences as a passenger of the Cunardliner Orduna, which had a narrow escape from German tor- pedoes, and landed a couple of weeks ago, is one of the manyvictims of the present struggles in Europe. Mr. Murdoch is adistinguished English author, art and music critic and was forcedby circumstances to leave his country, in order to start a newexistence in a land of peace.The English papers and reviews don't require at present musicor art critics. Mr. Murdoch endeavors to give a series of lec- tures on art subjects during the coming season.Miss Ruth Ryan, pianist, will play a few compositions of herteacher, the late Raphael Joseffi, and a program composedchiefly of classical music. Miss Ryan used to appear in publicat the age of nine and ten years on the programs of one ofthe most distinguished musicians of New York. But at theinstigation of her teacher she abstained from public appear- ance until after completion of her musical studies.She was Mr. Joseffi's favorite pupil. He believed in her careeras an interpreter of classical music.Miss Ryan is very young. She is not twenty yet. Shebelieved in herself, and equipped with an introduction of Mr.Joseffi—an unusual thing, as he never gave testimonials or rec- ommendations of any kind—she started her rounds of impres- arios and concert managers. They heard her playing, theyasked her if she had been in Europe, and all they had to saywas: "Take a trip to Europe, give a concert in Paris, Vienna orBerlin, and we will be glad to put you on our program."Miss Ryan, unfortunately is not financially in the position totake a trip to Europe in order to go through a mere formalityof getting the European label.Therefore, she has not had a hearing in America yet.A selection of classic and contemporary music will completethe program. The Atlantic in War Time: Being an Eye-Witness' Account of the Attack on the Orduna By W. G. Blaikie Murdoch THE Americans are very friendly towards a stranger, andhow delightful it is to be among them, how different isNew York from London and Edinburgh just now! In thosetowns, night after night, there is hardly a lamp lit, so strongis the terror of Zeppelin attacks; while, try as one will, to avoidbrooding on war and its horrors, ever and again these thingsrise in the mind. Here, however, it is possible to breathe freely,and hence a deep feeling of gratitude to the Americans gathersin the heart, gratitude for their hospitality; yet now and then,perforce, one looks back on that awful scene on the Orduna,every detail springing up clearly before the mind's eye.The tender, putting off from Liverpool, plunges wildly in theswell. And already anxiety manifests itself, people scanningthe water as though expecting to see a periscope hard by theshore, while excitement grows tenser when at length the shipsets out from port. In general, on a voyage, a distinct difficultyattends the first steps toward intimacy among the passengers,and usually the ice is broken by comments on the weather; buton this occasion the topic of submarines rules conversation,every person on board being asked repeatedly how long he orshe thinks will be required to take us out of the perilousl zone.Twenty-four hours is the verdict of officers, many people withalhoping against hope, and clinging to the faith that by that veryevening, danger will be past. Still, the imminence of peril be- comes more insistent presently, the order going 'round thatall are to muster in the saloon; and there the head stewardenlarges upon the need of presence of mind in the hour ofattack, instructions being given, thereafter, as to how to donlifebelts and embark in the boats. Meanwhile the ship is steal- ing past the Irish coast, and, the scene of the Lusitania disasteris neared, scrutiny of the tumbling waste of cruel grey waterbecomes yet keener than heretofore; while anon, evening havinggiven place to night, sea air belies its reputation as a good nar- cotic, most of the voyagers lying wide awake, hour after hour.The morning is a bright, though cold one, and already a fewpeople are on deck. Seeing one of the crew make a curious signal, they feel nervous, and scan the horizon, where they markwhat might be a harmless trawler. In a moment, nevertheless,they are disillusioned, the Orduna commencing to race at herhighest speed; and then, suddenly, a white line like the wakeof a steamer—strangely savage it looks—is seen rushing towardsus through the water. Every heart beats wildly, but the shipswerves like a hunted stag, and with a changed course shespeeds onward, as yet unscathed. "Lifebelts on! All on deckat once!— Get to the boats!"—so rings the cry now, passengersrushing up the companion-ladders accordingly; while at thisjuncture, the foe disappearing, changes its position stealthily."Scatter there, scatter!" comes the next order; while simul- taneously, the submarine having risen again, a shell hurtlesthrough the air, and then another and another, each burstingnot far to stern. Will they launch another torpedo? Can wereally outpace them? How long will it take to get out orrange?—such are questions which rise to the lips, the ship stillracing forward. Yet every one refrains from asking for definiteinformation, fearful of getting anything but a consoling reply.And so the half-dressed, unkempt people loiter on deck, shiver- ing with terror, till ultimately, a gong being heard, it dawnson the company that breakfast would not be served unless perilswere insignificant!There is no feeling quite so delightful as that of relief, andthis feeling is ours in abundance now; while a bond of kinshiphas quickly grown up among us, begotten of our mutual adven- ture. Breakfast, proverbially a silent meal, is enlivened to-dayby voluminous conversation, all details of the attack being dis- cussed critically. Some had not actually seen the submarine, andthese must needs be enlightened concerning its precise appear- ance ; while betimes the garrulous are maintaining that, accordingto recent wireless information, a French frigate has already sunkour assailant. Furthermore, there is loud praise of the skillshown, throughout the affair, by our captain, great consolationbeing found in this last. And thus hearts grow lighter andlighter, while with the advent of evening songs are being sungin the lounge.And all the while the ship is sailing westward, westward—day after day passing without revealing anything _ save intermin- able miles of water, painfully monotonous, devoid of the leastsuggestiveness. A definite,_ perceptible sentiment—one whichinspired Wagner to the making of some of his greatest music—pertains to the German Ocean; and voyaging across it, recollec- tions of that music come to mind often. Is there not, too, a seawhose name and Homer's are eternally associated? While manyrivers have been sung beautifully, many are sacred to this poet orto that But the Atlantic, almost naked of legendary lore, lackingin appeal to the imagination, destitute of any definable char- acter—no! it will never evoke an epic like The Odyssey, an operalike The Flying Dutchman• It is not a thing to be looked backon fondly. Surely, however, those who crossed it during thegreat war will never forget their journey; while on the mindsof many such there is stamped, indelibly, a picture of a morningwhen the awful cry was raised: "Lifebelts on, all on deck atonce!" Disc Concerts on Washington Square "THE Diamond Disc concerts on Washington Square willtake place during this week on Tuesday and Friday even- ing at 8 o'clock. The program on Tuesday is made up chieflyfrom operas of Verdi, and Wagner and popular songs. OnFriday, chiefly solos and stringed music will be played. A Tragedy Guido Bruno ASHINGTQN SQUARE. A bench near the Garibaldimonument. Mamie and Tom are playing. Mamie has herwooden doll in an old cigar box. She plays with little Tom,"father and mother." The doll is their child. Tenderly Mamiehugs the doll in her arms. Tom, the father, has to leave them.He has to_ go out into the world. He has to earn a living. Hehas to bring food to mother and child. Tom passes throughthe Washington Arch. He crosses the street and walks towardsMacdougal Alley. On the doorstep of one of the first housesstands Mary. Mary, the child of the lady with the big, blackauto.Mary walks towards Tom. She shows him her big, beautifuldoll, with the blonde curls of real hair, and blue eyes that openand close automatically, a doll with a human face. A face thatlooks like his little baby sister. And then she shows him thecarriage, a real baby carriage, with silk curtains and soft pillows.And Tom plays "father and mother" with little Mary.Mamie is still sitting on the bench near the Garibaldi monument,rocking her baby and waiting patiently for Tom. The fatherdoes not come back. And she takes her cigar box and herwooden doll and moves to a bench in the most remote cornerof Washington Square South.Mamie starts to cry heart-breakingly. Drawing by Clara Tice The Spirit of the Village Hippolyte Havel 117 HEN I speakof Greenwich Village I have no geographicalconception in view. The term Greenwich Village is tome a spiritual zone of mind. Is there any raison d'etre forthe existence of a spiritual Greenwich Village? I believethere is. Those fellow wanderers who pawn their last coatin rue Franc Bourgeoise, who shivered in rue St. Jacques andsearched for the cheapest brasserie in rue Lepic, those whocrowded the Olympe in rue de la Gaiete, will understand thecharm of the Village. A ramble along Charlton and VarickStreets is a reverie, not to speak of the sounds of—how doMinetta Lane, Patchin Place, Sheridan Square and Gay Streetstrike you?To be sure the native of the Village has no especialdistinction. He is just as dull as the native of Bronx, or thenative of Hoboken. The apaches of the Village are morecrude than the gangs of upper Riverside. So are in propor- tion, the alguecils of the Village more vicious and brutal thantheir confreres in other precincts. The Village has also itssneaking reformers and neighborhood centers full of apostlesin male and female petticoats, good people who clean outcertain parts of their territory from outcasts and drive thosepoor dregs of humanity into other parts of the city. The jointsof the Village compare favorably with Doctor's and BarneyFlynn's emporiums on the Bowery and Chatham Square.The soothsayers of yesteryear assured us that the Villageis doomed. . . No danger so far though the subterraneanbarbarians are busy in reconstructing Seventh Avenue anda subway for the men in a hurry. True also, the"Grapevine" has disappeared and we miss the pewters ofcreamy ale. But take courage, ye tipplers, there are otherheavenly retreats Jn the Village. "Grifou" is dead, but thereis a new brasserie de Lilla, yea, even a cafe GroessenWahn.Josiah Flint, if he should awaken from his grave would notbe lonesome in the Village.If you lose your illusions and the evil one takes hold ofyour soul, you leave your garret on the sacred Butte and renta studio pear Pare Monceau, you leave the Soho and takeyour domicile in Chelsea, or you become a traitor to Green- wich Village and move into an apartment on Riverside Drive.You will smile pityingly over the folly of the poor devils wholose their lives in ugly holes on Washington Square, or findpleasure in cheap restaurants among pickpockets on CarmineStreet. But some evening, after the West Indian has pushedyou up to your steamheated apartment and after you havegone over your bank account, you will fall into reverie andyou will sigh for the dear old haunts of the Village. Oldreminiscences will float before your vision and old names willstrike chords in your damned soul, and you will envy thesilly chaps and maidens _ who remained true to the Village.Like a sneakthief you will return secretly some evening andyou will look up the dear old places. But the charm will begone. Even the caravanserie on Thirty-first Street and the Zukunftstatt on Seventy-seventh Street will close their portalsto you. Then you have lost your illusions, your enthusiasmand your idealism. Greenwich Village is a spiritual conceptionand shopkeepers are not interested in dreamers. The Villageis the rallying point for new ideas. Its spirit reaches theheathenish bellyworshippers of Harlem, even nature fakersnear the Zoo in the Bronx. The Bronxite points proudly toPoe's cottage, but come to the Village, mon chere, and I willpoint out to you "Grub Street" where another iconoclast,Thomas Paine, earned his bread and his fame in daily struggleswith the economic devil. The Poet's Fate Naturally not being able to eat, and being a poet he fallsto dreaming of food. He dreams of Paris, of the old Cafede la Paix in the one de la Paix where four waiters onceserved him a beefsteak. He had money that day, and in a fitof splendid self-abandonment he sought the best in the capitalof the world's cuisine. He dreams of London and Gow's inthe Strand, the filet of bull and the pint of porter—the verytop notch of good English fare is Gow's. He dreams of Phila- delphia and oysters—of San Francisco and a bill of fare thatwould have suited Lucullus. He knows all these places—knowsthem as only the poets know them. For he has known themin prosperity and in poverty, too. To what man but the poetcan come such extremes. Yes, yes, he must be honest withhimself; with his trade. They can come also to the gambler, tothe criminal, but not often. After all the poet is the king ofexperience. How the thought warms him afresh. Of all sidesif life he is the hevitor. Fit companion at once for a kingor a criminal. Knowing all, loving all, as he only can. Re- joicing with all, sorrowing with all. Aye, with a sorrow likeonfy to that of the son of man. For the bleeding heart of thepoet is the bleeding heart of Christ.He wears a celluloid collar and- uses paper napkins forhandkerchiefs. He has a pair of sox worn and washed till torecall them is a pang. His clothes were given to him by abrother-ooet,—long" standing most precious of friends—whomthe world has finally acclaimed and who now dwells in commoncomfort at least. They were well worn though before he gotthem. His teeth are like rakes, like Francois Villon's in theballad he made in his dungeon; but his body is still strong, andhe is still brave in part and handsome—as all poets should be.Is it but a mockery this last boon of personality? How longbefore the madhouse or the prison-cell shall claim him? Theirshadow has hung over him for long. Has sometimes come veryclose indeed. For what is he to the world at large_ but a kindof a madman; a vagabond; undoubtedly then, a criminal. Hehugs the sheaf of verses in his breast-pocket closer. They areall his world—his whole armor against the infinite! They havebeen there for twenty-five years—not only the same ones. The Little Church Around the Corner in Greenwich Village Everybody Welcome! Mr. Edison is glad to extend an invitation to his receptions,and later on to his performances, to everybody interested, Alltickets of admission can be had on applying- by letter. The seat- ing capacity is limited to two hundred and fifty seats, and there- fore applicants who cannot be accomodated for the asked-for per- formance will be taken into consideration, if so desired, in thefollowing week.