The Glebe 2 4 1914-11 naat_1914-11_01 The Glebe 2 4 PANDORA'S BOX FRANK WEDEKIND 1 THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE is 2 PANDORA'S BOX 3 LULU FRANK WEDEKIND cre 4 CHARACTERS 6 PANDORA'S BOX A Tragedy in Three Acts FRANK WEDEKIND cre 8 ACT I 9-30 ACT II 31-59 ACT III 60-81 Volume I: 83 ...•&gt;•"•••-• -? r-" -' - \ -..- -.'.v.' ,:-.v.-" -- " . =:- ■ ■'• "a •- • - V, ■-' '.■-, I' i.' •• • • . _ -v-.'. /."l ,| ..^xIP*:"'!"M MP ':TO " --'MB ■ . MSb- " -.•-. - &gt;. aw-- ■ mmm- ■ g| , ja&amp; JEgl .- -■ !|m Wp®'• -"'■ ■ jt-w.'-y' /•-•• " % -..; v*C.y. • &lt; •" . •;••• , ' '•: -''vr.: -T. , .. ..' - •:'c ' ' ■ IP c#:i&gt; U ipKf;: :' -; - ';3 Iff :^s&gt;V '&gt;r-.vI 1; M' ~ JP- .« : %*W' S: '■« - ST 7"'" f^npTnj^yffl~ iJhni^F''./ "•• t;" t J 84»? ■1? J:; f¥l - ■£," . _ ■'. "... ;-A' ~ *■'-. :. ' . '-■■ - •iw;'i'* ■ir "ffi £sL "■' &lt; " x . / -i /% %j'.■ •■■■- ; - ■■ ■"t •.-'■«• ~ .•■.:■■■••• is A- Si ;; -••. :• - "V ,M&gt; M" ' JL""'"-Jl '::-V "-^'":;'r ;:' ■"" *%-?* : ■"" : ";". .a / i ,-&gt; \ V-a &amp; -.-■. ;-r ,: -:■■—r.. 'JL ' .- .-• £3T• • - - .. -: I■; .. * -%? -'V s.' '. • ••&gt;; -. T =gL .--. .-&lt;•-%.-; -•; i ■ ; , -■&gt;. \: -;■ ~-•• ' •': ? • '.«**JtSrr»-|3l.;'' yy: Published byALBERT AND CHARLES BON INew York City COPYRIGHT, 1914BYALBERT AND CHARLES BONI o O o O o o■J J JOU w ~ -NEW YORKALBERT AND CHARLES BON I1914 PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT L] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I ACT I] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT I PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT ll] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT ll] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT ll] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT ll] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT ll] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT II ACT II ] PANDORA'S BOX ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT 111 j PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT ml PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX [ACT 111 ACT lII] PANDORA'S BOX PANDORA'S BOX FRANK WEDEKIND THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE isthat embodied in its declaration of absolutefreedom of expression, which makes for a rangebroad enough to Include every temperament fromthe most radical to the most conservative, the onlyrequisite being that the work should have unmistakablemerit. Each' issue will be devoted exclusively to one individual, thereby giving him an opportunity to present his work in sufficient hulk tomake it possible for the reader to obtain a muchmore comprehensive grasp of his personality thanis afforded him in the restricted spaces allotted bythe other magazines, Published monthly THEGLEBE will issue twelve books per year, chosenon their merits alone, since the subscription list;does away with the need of catering to the populardemand that confronts every publisher. Thus, THE GLEBE can promise the best work of American and foreign authors, known and unknown.The price of each issue of THE GLEBE will befifty cents and the yearly subscription three dollars. PANDORA'S BOX LULU BY FRANK WEDEKIND ERDGEIST (EARTH-SPIRIT) $l.OOPANDORA'S BOX .' . . . $l.OO CHARACTERS LULU.ALVA SCHON, writer.SCHIGOLCH.RODRIGO QUAST, acrobat.ALFRED HUGENBERG, escaped from a reform-school.COUNTESS GESCHWITZ.BIANETTA. \LUDMILLA STEINHERZ. 1MAGELONE. IKADIDIA, her daughter. (COUNT CASTI PIANI. ) In Act 11.PUNTSCHU, a banker. (\ s.HEILMANN, a journalist. V808, a groom. IA DETECTIVE. /MR. HUNIDEI. \KUNGU POTI, imperial prince of T . ttt„ TT &gt;in Act ill.DR. HILTI, tutor.JACK. ) PANDORA'S BOXA Tragedy in Three Acts BYFRANK WEDEKIND sv, C- vTranslated by Samuel A. Eliot, Jr. ACT I The hall of EARTH-SPIRIT, Act iv, feebly lightedby an oil lamp on the centre table. Even this is dimmedby a heavy shade. Lulu s picture is gone from the easel,which still stands by the foot of the stairs. The fire- screen and the chair by the ottoman are gone too. Downleft is a small tea-table, with a coffee-pot and a cup ofblack coffee on it, and an arm-chair next it.In this chair, deep in cushions, with a plaid shawl overher knees, sits Countess Geschwit in a tight black dress.Rodrigo, clad as a servant, sits on the ottoman. At therear, Alva Schon is walking up and down before theentrance door.RODRIGO. He lets people wait for him as if he werea concert conductor!GESCHWITZ. I beg of you, don't speak!RODRIGO. Hold my tongue, with a head as full ofthoughts as mine is!—l absolutely can't believe she'schanged so awfully much to her advantage there!GESCHWITZ. She is more glorious to look at than Ihave ever seen her!RODRIGO. God preserve me from founding my life-hap- piness on your taste and judgment! If the sickness hashit her as it has you, I'm smashed and thru! You'releaving the contagious ward like an acrobat-lady who'shad an accident after giving herself up to art. You canscarcely blow your nose any more. First you need aquarter-hour to sort your fingers, and then you have tobe mighty careful not to break off the tip. GESCHWITZ. What puts us under the ground givesher health and strength again.RODRIGO. That's all right and fine enough. But Idon't think I'll be travelling off with her this evening.GESCHWITZ. You will let your bride journey all alone,after all?RODRIGO. In the first place, the old fellow's going withher to protect her in case anything serious—. My escortcould only be suspicious. And secondly, I must waithere till my costumes are ready. I'll get across thefrontier soon enough alright,—and I hope in the mean- time she'll put on a little embonpoint, too. Then we'llget married, provided I can present her before a re- spectable public. I love the practical in a woman: whattheories they make up for themselves are all the sameto me. Aren't they to you too, doctor?ALVA. I haven't heard what you were saying.RODRIGO. I'd never have got my person mixed up inthis plot if she hadn't kept tickling my bare pate, beforeher sentence. If only she doesn't start doing too muchas soon as she's out of Germany! I'd like best to takeher to London for six months, and let her fill up onplum-cakes. In London one expands just from the seaair. And then, too, in London one doesn't feel with everyswallow of beer as if the hand of fate were at one'sthroat.ALVA. I've been asking myself for a week whether aperson who'd been sentenced to prison could still bemade to go as the chief figure in a modern drama.GESCHWITZ. If the man would only come, now!RODRIGO. I've still got to redeem my properties outof the pawn-shop here, too. Six hundred kilos of the best iron. The baggage-rate on 'em is always three timesas much as my own ticket, so that the whole junketisn't worth a trowser's button. When I went into thepawn-shop with 'em, dripping with sweat, they asked meif the things were genuine!—l'd have really done betterto have had the costumes made abroad. In Paris, forinstance, they see at the first glance where one's best pointsare, and bravely lay them bare. But you can't learn thatwith bow-legs; it's got to be studied on classically shapedpeople. In this country they're as scared of nakedskin as they are abroad of dynamite bombs. A coupleof years ago I was fined fifty marks at the AlhambraTheater, because people could see I had a few hairs onmy chest, not enough to make a respectable tooth-brush!But the Fine Arts Minister opined that the little school- girls might lose their joy in knitting stockings becauseof it; and since then I have myself shaved once a month.ALVA. If I didn't need every bit of my creative powernow for the "World-conqueror," I might like to test theproblem and see what could be done with it. That's thecurse of our young literature: we're so much too literary.We know only such questions and problems as come upamong writers and cultured people. We cannot see be- yond the limits of our own professional interests. Inorder to get back on the trail of a great and powerful artwe must move as much as possible among men who'venever read a book in their lives, whom the simplest animalinstincts direct in all they do. I've tried already, withall my might, to work according to those principles—inmy "Earth-spirit." The woman who was my model forthe chief figure in that, breathes to-day—and has for ayear—behind barred windows; and on that account forsome incomprehensible reason the play was only brought to performance by the Society for Free Literature. Aslong as my father was alive, all the stages of Germanystood open to my creations. That has been vastly changed. RODRIGO. I've had a pair of tights made of the tender- est blue-green. If th e don't make a success abroad, I'llsell mouse-traps! The trunks are so delicate I can't siton the edge of a table in 'em. The only thing that willdisturb the good impression is my awful bald head, whichI owe to my active participation in this great conspiracy.To lie in the hospital in perfect health for three monthswould make a fat pig of the most run-down old hobo.Since coming out I've fed on nothing but Karlsbad pills.Day and night I have orchestra rehearsals in my intes- tines. I'll be so washed out before I get across the frontierthat I won't be able to&gt; lift a bottle-cork. GESCHWITZ. How the attendants in the hospital gotout of her way yesterday! That was a refreshing sight.The garden was still as the grave: in the loveliest noonsunlight the convalescents didn't venture out of doors.Away back by the contagious ward she stepped out underthe mulberry trees and swayed on her ankles on thegravel. The door-keeper had recognized me, and a youngdoctor who met me in the corridor shrunk up as tho arevolver shot had struck him. The Sisters vanished intothe big rooms or stayed stuck against the walls. WhenI came back there was not a soul to be seen in the gar- den or at the gate. No better chance could have beenfound, if we had had the cursed passports. And now thefellow says he isn't going with her! RODRIGO. I understand the poor hospital-brother-One has a bad foot and another has a swollen cheek, andthere appears in the midst of them the incarnate death- insurance-agentess! In the Hall of the Knights, as theblessed division was called from which I organized myspying, when the news got around there that Sister The- ophila had departed this life, not one of the fellows couldbe kept in bed. They scrambled up to the window-bars,if they had to drag their pains along with them by thehundred-weight. I never heard such swearing in my life!ALVA. Allow me, Fraulein von Geschwitz, to comeback to my proposition once more. Tho my father wasshot in this room, still I can see in the murder, as inthe punishment, nothing but a horrible misfortune that hasbefallen her; nor do I think that my father, if he hadcome through alive, would have withdrawn his supportfrom her entirely. Whether your plan for freeing herwill succeed still seems to me very doubtful, tho Iwouldn't like to discourage you; but I can find no wordsto express the admiration with which your self-sacrifice,your energy, your superhuman scorn of death, inspiresme. I don't believe any man ever risked so much fora woman, let alone for a friend. I am not aware,Fraulein von Geschwitz, how rich you are, but the ex- penses for what you have accomplished must have ex- hausted your fortune. May I venture to offer you aloan of 20,000 marks—which I should have no troubleraising for you in cash?GESCHWITZ. How we did rejoice when Sister The- ophila was really dead! From that day on we were freefrom custody. We changed our beds as we liked. Ihad done my hair like hers, and copied every tone of hervoice. When the professor came he called her "gnadigesFraulein" and said to me, "It's better living here thanin prison!" . . . When the Sister suddenly was missing,we looked at each other in suspense: we had both been sick five days: now was the deciding moment. Nextmorning came the assistant.—"How is Sister Theophila?"—"Dead!"—We communicated behind his back, andwhen he had gone we sank in each other's arms: "Godbe thanked! God be thanked!"— What pains it cost meto keep my darling from betraying how well she alreadywas! "You have nine years of prison before you," Icried to her early and late. Now they probably won'tlet her stay in the contagious ward three days more!RODRIGO. I lay in the hospital full three months tospy out the ground, after toilfully peddling together thequalities necessary for such a long stay. Now I act thevalet here with you, Dr. Schon, so that no strange ser- vants may come into the house. Where is the bride- groom who's ever done so much for his bride? M yfortune has also been destroyed.ALVA. When you succeed in developing her into arespectable artiste you will have put the world in debtto you. With the temperament and the beauty that shehas to give out of the depths of her nature she can makethe most blase public hold its breath. And then, too,she will be protected by acting passion from a secondtime becoming a criminal in reality.RODRIGO. I'll soon drive her kiddishness out of her!GESCHWITZ. There he comes! ( louden in thegallery. Then the curtains part at the head of the stairsand Schigolch in a long black coat with a white sun-shadein his right hand comes down. Thruout the play hisspeech is interrupted with frequent yawns.)SCHIGOLCH. Confound the darkness! Out-doors thesun burns your eyes out.GESCHWITZ. ( Wearily unwrapping herself.) I'mcoming! RODRIGO. Her ladyship has seen no daylight for threedays. We live here like in a snuff-box.SCHIGOLCH. Since nine o'clock this morning I've beenround to all the old-clothes-men. Three brand newtrunks stuffed full of old trowsers I've expressed toBuenos Ayres via Bremerhaven. My legs are danglingon me like the tongue of a bell. That's the new life it'sgoing to be from now on!RODRIGO. Where are you going to get off to-morrowmorning?SCHIGOLCH. I hope not straight into Ox-butter Hotelagain!RODRIGO. I can tell you a fine hotel. I lived therewith a lady lion-tamer. The people were born in Berlin.GESCHWITZ. ( Upright in .) Come andhelp me!RODRIGO. ( Hurries to her and supports her.) Andyou'll be safer from the police there than on a high tight- rope !GESCHWITZ. He means to let you go with her alonethis afternoon.SCHIGOLCH. Maybe he's still suffering from his chill- blains!RODRIGO. Do you want me to start my new engage- ment in bath-robe and slippers?SCHIGOLCH. Hm—Sister Theophila wouldn't havegone to heaven so promptly either, if she hadn't felt soaffectionate towards our patient.RODRICO. She'll have a different value when one mustserve thru a honeymoon with her. Anyway, it can't hurther if she gets a little fresh air beforehand.ALVA. {A pocketbook in his hand, to Geschwitz who is leaning on a chair-back by the centre table.} Thisholds 10,000 marks.GESCHWITZ. Thank you, no.ALVA. Please take it.GESCHWITZ. (To Schigolch.) Come along, at last!SCHIGOLCH. Patience, Fraulein. It's only a stone'sthrow across Hospital Street. I'll be here with her infive minutes.ALVA. You're bringing her here?SCHIGOLCH. I'm bringing her here. Or do you fearfor your health?ALVA. You see that I fear nothing.RODRIGO. According to the latest wire, the doctor ison his way to Constantinople to have his "Earth-spirit"produced before the Sultan by harem-ladies and eunuchs.ALVA. ( Opening the centre door under the gallery.)It's shorter for you thru here. (Exeunt Schigolch andCountess Geschwitz. Alva locks the door.)RODRIGO. YOU were going to give more money to the*crazy sky-rocket!ALVA. What has that to do with you?RODRIGO. I get paid like a lamp-lighter, tho I had todemoralize all the Sisters in the hospital. Then came theassistants' and the doctors' turn, and then—ALVA. Will you seriously inform me that the medicalprofessors let themselves be influenced by you?RODRIGO. With the money those gentlemen cost meI could become President of the United States!ALVA. But Fraulein von Geschwitz has reimbursedyou for every penny that you spent. So far as I knowyou're getting a monthly salary of five hundred marksfrom her besides. It is often pretty hard to believe inyour love for the unhappy murderess. When I asked Faulein von Geschwitz just now to accept my help, itcertainly was not to incite your insatiable avarice. Theadmiration which I have learnt to have for Fraulein vonGeschwitz in this affair, I am far from feeling towardsyou. It is not at all clear to me what claims of any kindyou can make upon me. That you chanced to be presentat the murder of my father has not yet created the slight- est bond of relationship between you and me. On thecontrary, I am firmly convinced that if the heroic under- taking of Countess Geschwitz had not come your way youwould be lying somewhere to-day without a penny,drunken in the gutter.RODRIGO. And do you know what would have be- come of you if you hadn't sold for two millions the tup- peny paper your father ran? You'd have hitched up withthe stringiest sort of ballet-girl and been to-day a stable- boy in the Humpelmeier Circus. What work do you do?You've written a drama of horrors in which my bride'scalves are the two chief figures and which no high-classtheater will produce. You walking pajamas! You freshrag-bag you! Two years ago I balanced two saddledcavalry-horses on this chest. Flow that'll go now, afterthis (clasping his bald head), is a question sure enough.The foreign girls will get a fine idea of German artwhen they see the sweat come beading thru my tights atevery fresh kilo-weight! I shall make the whole audi- torium stink with my exhalations!ALVA. You're weak as a dish-clout!RODRIGO. Would to God you were right! or did youperhaps intend to insult me? If so, I'll set the tip ofmy toe to your jaw so that your tongue'll crawl alongthe carpet over there! ALVA. Try it! ( Steps and voices outside.) Whois that . . .?RODRIGO. You can thank God that I have no publichere before me!ALVA. Who can that be!RODRIGO. That is my beloved. It's a full year nowsince we've seen each other.ALVA. But how should they be back already! Whocan be coming there? I expect no one.RODRIGO. Oh the devil, unlock it!ALVA. Hide yourself!RODRIGO. I'll get behind the portieres. I've stood thereonce before, a year ago. (Disappears, right. Alva opensthe rear door, whereupon Alfred enters, hatin hand.)ALVA. With whom have I— .. . You? Aren'tyou—?HUGENBERG. Alfred Hugenberg.What can I do for you?HUGENBERG. I've come from Miinsterburg. I ranaway this morning.ALVA. My eyes are bad. I am forced to keep theblinds closed.HUGENBERG. I need your help. You will not refuseme. I've got a plan ready. Can hear us?ALVA. What do you mean? What sort of a plan?HUGENBERG. Are you alone?ALVA. Yes. What do* you want to impart to me?HUGENBERG. I've had two plans already that T letdrop. What I shall tell you now has been worked outto the last possible chance. If I had money Is1 1not confide it to you; I thought about that a long t\ e before coming . . . Will you not permit me to set forthto you my design?ALVA. Will you kindly tell me just what you are talk- ing about?HUGENBERG. She cannot possibly be so indifferent toyou that I must tell you that. The evidence you gavethe coroner helped her more than everything the de- fending counsel said.ALVA. I beg to decline the supposition.HUGENBERG. You would say that; I understand that,of course. But all the same you were her best witness.ALVA. You were! You said my father was aboutto force her to shoot herself.HUGENBERG. He was, too. But they didn't believeme. I wasn't put on my oath.ALVA. Where have you come from now?HUGENBERG. From a reform-school I broke out ofthis morning.ALVA. And what do you have in view?HUGENBERG. I'm trying to get into the confidence ofa turnkey.ALVA. What do you mean to live on?HUGENBERG. I'm living with a girl who's had a childby my father.AL'VA. Who is your father?HUGENBERG. He's a police captain. I know theprison without ever having been inside it; and nobody init will recognize me as I am now. But I don't counton that at all. I know an iron ladder by which one canget from the first court to the roof and thru an openingthere ir o the attic. There's no way up to it from inside.But ' all five wings boards and laths and great heapsof sh yings are lying under the roofs, and I'll drag them all together in the middle and set fire to them. Mypockets are full of matches and all the things used tomake fires.ALVA. But then you'll burn up there!HUGENBERG. Of course, if I'm not rescued. But toget into the first court I must have the turnkey in mypower, and for that I need money. Not that I meanto bribe him; that wouldn't go. I must lend him moneyto send his three children to the country, and then atfour o'clock in the morning when the prisoners of re- spected families are discharged, I'll slip in the door. He'lllock-up behind me and ask me what I'm after, and I'llask him to let me out again in the evening. And beforeit gets light, I'm up in the attic.ALVA. How did you escape from the reform-school?HUGENBERG. Jumped out the window. I need twohundred marks for the rascal to send his family to thecountry.RODRIGO. (Stepping out of the portieres, right.) Willthe Herr Baron have coffee in the music-room or on theveranda?HUGENBERG. Where does that man come from?Out of the same door! He jumped out of the samedoor!ALVA. I've taken him into my service. He is de- pendable.HUGENBERG. (Grasping his temples.) Fool that Iam! Oh, fool!RODRIGO. Oh, yah, we've seen each other here before!Cut away now to your vice-mamma. Your kid brothermight like to uncle his brothers and sisters. Make yoursir-papa the grandfather of his children! You're the only thing we've missed. If you once get into my sight in thenext two weeks, I'll beat your bean up for porridge.ALVA. Be quiet, you!HUGENBERG. I'm a fool!RODRIGO. What do you want to do with your fire?Don't you know the lady's been dead three weeks?HUGENBERG. Did they cut off her head?RODRIGO. No, she's got that still. She was mashed bythe cholera.HUGENBERG. That is not true!RODRIGO. What do you know about it! There, readit: here! (Taking out a paper and pointing to the place.)"The murderess of Dr. Schon . . ." (Gives Hugenbergthe paper. He reads:)\HUGENBERG. "The murderess of Dr. Schon has insome incomprehensible way fallen ill of the cholera inprison." It doesn't say that she's dead.RODRIGO. Well, what else do you suppose she is ? She'sbeen lying in the churchyard three weeks. Back in theleft-hand corner behind the rubbish-heap where the littlecrosses are with no names on them, there she lies underthe first one. You'll know the spot because the grasshasn't grown on it. Hang a tin wreath there, and thenget back to your nursery-school or I'll denounce you tothe police. I know the female that beguiles her leisurehours with you!HUGENBERG. (To Alva.) Is it true that she's dead?ALVA. Thank God, yes!— Please, do not keep me hereany longer. My doctor has forbidden me to receivevisitors.HUGENBERG. My future is worth so little now! Iwould gladly have given the last scrap of what life is worth to me for her happiness. Heigh-ho! One wayor another I'll sure go to the devil now!RODRIGO. If you dare in any way to approach me or thedoctor here or my honorable friend Schigolch too near,I'll inform on you for intended arson. You need threegood years, to learn where not to stick your fingers in!Now get out!HUGENBERG. Fool!RODRIGO. Get out!! (Throws him out the door.Coming down.) I wonder you didn't put your purse atthat rogue's disposal, too!ALVA. I won't stand your damned jabbering! Theboy's little finger is worth more than all you!RODRIGO. I've had enough of this Geschwitz's com- pany! If my bride is to become a corporation with limitedliability, somebody else can go in ahead of me. I pro- pose to make a magnificent trapeze-artist out of her, andwillingly risk my life to do it. But then I'll be masterof the house, and will myself indicate what cavaliers sheis to receive!ALVA. The boy has what our age lacks: a hero-nature;therefore, of course, he is going to ruin. Do you remem- ber how before sentence was passed he jumped out of thewitness-box and yelled at the justice: "How do you knowwhat would have become of you if you'd had to runaround the cafes barefoot every night when you were tenyears old ?!"RODRIGO. If I could only have given him one in thejaw for that right away! Thank God, there are jailswhere scum like that gets some respect for the law poundedinto them.ALVA. One like him might have been my model formy "World-conqueror." For twenty years literature has presented nothing but demi-men: men who can beget nochildren and women who can bear none. That's called"The Modern Problem."RODRIGO. I've ordered a hippopotamus-whip two inchesthick. If that has no success with her, you canfill my cranium with potato-soup. Be it love or be itwhipping, female flesh never inquires. „ Only give it someamusement, and it stays firm and fresh. She is now inher twentieth year, has been married three times and hassatisfied a gigantic horde of lovers, and her heart's desiresare at last pretty plain. But the man's got to have theseven deadly sins on his forehead, or she honors him not.If he looks as if a dog-catcher had spat him out on thestreet, then, with such women-folks, he needn't be afraidof a prince! I'll rent a garage fifty feet high and breakher in there; and when she's learnt the first diving-leapwithout breaking her neck I'll pull on a black coat andnot stir a finger the rest of my life. When she's educatedpractically it doesn't cost a woman half as much troubleto support her husband as the other way round, if onlythe man takes care of the mental labor for her, and doesn'tlet the sense of the family go to wreck.ALVA. I have learnt to rule humanity and drive it inharness before me like a well-broken four-in-hand,—butthat boy sticks in my head. Really, I can still take privatelessons in the scorn of the world from that school-boy!RODRIGO. She'll just comfortably let her hide be pa- pered with thousand-mark bills! I'll extract salaries outof the directors with a centrifugal pump. I know theirkind. When they don't need a man, let him shine theirshoes for them; but when they must have an artiste theycut her down from the very gallows with their own handsand with the most entangling compliments. ALVA. In my situation there's nothing more in theworld to fear—but death. In the realm of sensation Iam the poorest beggar. But I can no longer scrape upthe moral courage to exchange my established position forthe excitements of the wild, adventurous life!RODRIGO. She had sent Papa Schigolch and me to- gether in chase of some strong antidote for sleeplessness.We each got a twenty-mark piece for expenses. Therewe see the youngster sitting in the Night-light Cafe. Hewas sitting like a criminal on the prisoner's bench. Schi- golch sniffed at him from all sides, and remarked, "He isstill virgin." (Up in the gallery, dragging steps are*heard.) There she is! The future magnificent trapeze- artiste of the present age!( The curtains part at the stair-head, and Lulu, sup- ported by Schigolch, and in a black dress, slowly andwearily descends.)SCHIGOLCH. Hui, old mold! We've still to get overthe frontier to-day.RODRIGO. ( Glaring stupidly at Lulu.) Thunder ofheaven! Death!LULU. ( Speaks,to the end of the act, in the gayesttones.) Slowly! You're pinching my arm!RODRIGO. How did you ever get the shamelessness toIbreak out of prison with such a wolf's face ?!SCHIGOLCH. Stop your snout!RODRIGO. I'll run for the police! I'll give informa- tion ! This scarecrow let herself be seen in tights ?! Thepadding alone would cost two months' salary!— You'rethe most perfidious swindler that ever had lodging inOx-butter Hotel!ALVA. Kindly refrain from insulting the lady!RODRIGO. Insulting you call that?! For this gnawed bone's sake I've worn myself away! I can't earn myown living! I'll be a clown if I can still stand firm undera broom-stick! But let the lightning strike me on thespot if I don't worm ten thousand marks a year for lifeout of your tricks and frauds! I can tell you that! Apleasant trip! I'm going for the police! (Exit.)SCHIGOLCH. Run, run!LULU. He'll take good care of himself!SCHIGOLCH. We're rid of h i m!—And now some blackcoffee for the lady!ALVA. (At the table left.) Here is coffee, ready topour.SCHIGOLCH. I must look after the sleeping-car tickets.LULU. (Brightly.) Oh, freedom! Thank God forfreedom!SCHIGOLCH. I'll be back for you in half an hour.We'll celebrate our departure in the station-restaurant.I'll order a supper that'll keep us going till to-morrow.—Good morning, doctor.ALVA. Good evening.SCHIGOLCH. Pleasant rest!—Thanks, I know everydoor-handle here. So long! Have a good time!(Exit.)LULU. I haven't seen a room for a year and a half.Curtains, chairs, pictures . . .ALVA. Won't you drink it?LULU. I've swallowed enough black coffee these fivedays. Have you any brandy?ALVA. I've got some elixir de Spaa.LULU. That reminds one of old times. (Looksround the hall while Alva fills two glasses.) Wliere'smy picture gone? ALVA. I've got it in my room, so no one shall see ithere.LULU. Bring it down here now.ALVA. Didn't you even lose your vanity in prison?LULU. How anxious at heart one gets when onehasn't seen herself for months! One day I got a brand- new dust-pan. When I swept up at seven in the morn- ing I held the back of it up before my face. Tin doesn'tflatter, but I took pleasure in it all the same.—Bring thepicture down from your room. Shall I come too?ALVA. No, Heaven's sake! You must spare yourself!LULU. I've been sparing myself long enough now!(Alva goes out, right, to get the picture.) He has heart- trouble; but to have to plague one's self with imaginationfourteen months! . . . He kisses with the fear of deathon him, and his two knees shake like a frozen vagabond's.In God's name ... In this room—if only I had notshot his father in the back!ALVA. (Returns with the picture of Lulu in thePierrot-dress.) It's covered with dust. I had leant itagainst the fire-place, face to the wall.LULU. You didn't look at it all the time I was away?ALVA. I had so much business to attend to, with thesale of our paper and everything. Countess Geschwitzwould have liked to have hung it up in her house, butshe had to be prepared for search-warrants. {He putsthe picture on the easel.)LULU. {Merrily.) Now the poor monster is learn- ing the joys of life in Hotel Ox-butter by her own ex- perience.ALVA. Even now I don't understand how events hangtogether.LULU. Oh, Geschwitz arranged it all very cleverly. I must admire her inventiveness. But the cholera musthave- raged fearfully in Hamburg this summer; and onthat she founded her plan for freeing me. She took acourse in hospital nursing here, and when she had thenecessary documents she journeyed to Hamburg withthem and nursed the cholera patients. At the first op- portunity that offered she put on the underclothes inwhich a sick woman had just died and which really oughtto have been burnt. The same morning she traveled backhere and came to see me in prison. In my cell, while thewardress was outside, we, as quick as we could, exchangedunderclothes.ALVA. So that was the reason why the Countess andyou fell sick of the cholera the same day!LULU. Exactly, that was it! Geschwitz of coursewas instantly brought from her house to the contagiousward in the hospital. But with me, too, they couldn'tthink of any other place to take me. So there we layin one room in the contagious ward behind the hospital,and from the first day Geschwitz put forth all her art tomake our two faces as like each other as possible. Daybefore yesterday she was let out as cured. Just nowshe came back and said she'd forgotten her watch. I puton her clothes, she slipped into my prison frock, and thenI came away. (With pleasure.) Now she's lying overthere as the murderess of Dr. Schon.ALVA. So far as outward appearance goes you canstill agree with the picture as much as ever.LULU. I'm a little peaked in the face, but otherwiseI've lost nothing. Only one gets incredibly nervous inprison.ALVA. YOU looked horribly sick when you came in. LULU. I had to, to get our necks out of the noose.—And you? What have you done in this year and a half?ALVA. I've had a succes d'estime in literary circleswith a play I wrote about you.LULU. Who's your sweetheart now?ALVA. An actress I've rented a house for in KarlStreet.LULU. Does she love you?ALVA. How should I know that? I haven't seen thewoman for six weeks.LULU. Can you stand that?ALVA. You will never understand that. With methere's the closest alternation between my sensuality andmental creativeness. So towards you, for example, I haveonly the choice of regarding you artistically or of lovingyou.LULU. {ln a fairy-story tone.) I used to dreamevery other night that I'd fallen into the hands of asadic . . . Come, give me a kiss!ALVA. It's shining in your eyes like the water in adeep well one has just thrown a stone into.LULU. Come!ALVA. {Kisses her.) Your lips have got pretty thin,anyway.LULU. Come! {Pushes him into a chair and seatsherself on his knee.) Do you shudder at me?—ln HotelOx-butter we all got a luke-warm bath every four weeks.The wardresses took that opportunity to search ourpockets as soon as we were in the water. {She kisses himpassionately.)ALVA. Oh, oh!LULU. You're afraid that when I'm away you couldn'twrite any more poems about me? ALVA. On the contrary, I shall write a dithyrambupon thy glory.LULU. I'm only sore about the hideous shoes I'mwearing.ALVA. They do not encroach upon your charms. Letus be thankful for the favor of this moment.LULU. I don't feel at all like that to-day.—Do youremember the costume ball where I was dressed like aknight's squire? How those wine-full women ran afterme that time? Geschwitz crawled round, round my feet,and begged me to step on her face with my cloth shoes.ALVA. Come, dear heart!LULU. ( In the tone with which one quiets a restlesschild.) Quietly! I shot your father.ALVA. Ido not love thee less for that. One kiss!LULU. Bend your head back. ( kisses him withdeliberation.)ALVA. You hold back the fire of my soul with themost dexterous art. And your breast breathes so virginlytoo. Yet if it weren't for your two great, dark, childisheyes, I must needs have thought you the cunningestwhore that ever hurled a man to destruction.LULU. {ln high spirits.) Would God I were!Come over the border with us to-day! Then we cansee each other as often as we will, and we'll get morepleasure from each other than now.ALVA. Through this dress I feel your body like asymphony. These slender ankles, this cantabile. Thisrapturous crescendo. And these knees, this capriccio.And the powerful andante of lust!—How peacefully thesetwo slim rivals press against each other in the conscious- ness that neither equals the other in beauty—till their ca- pricious mistress wakes up and the rival lovers separate like the two hostile poles. I shall sing your praises sothat your senses shall whirl!LULU. {Merrily.) Meanwhile I'll bury my handsin your hair. {She does so.) But here we'll be dis- turbed.ALVA. You have robbed me of my reason!LULU. Aren't you coming with me to-day?ALVA. But the old fellow's going with you!LULU. He won't turn up again.—Is not that thedivan on which your father bled to death?ALVA. Be still. Be still. . . . CURTAIN. ACT II A spacious salon in white stucco. In the rear-wall,between two high mirrors, a wide folding doorwaying in the rear room a big card-table surrounded byTurkish upholstered chairs. In the left wall twothe upper one to the entrance-hall, the lower to the dining- room. Between them a rococo-console with a whitemarble top, and above it Lulu s Pierrot-picture in a nar- row gold frame let into the wall. Two other doors,right; near the lower one a small table. Wide andbrightly-covered chairs stand about, with thin legs andfragile arms; and in the middle is a sofa of the same style{Louis XV.).A large company is moving about the salon in livelyconversation. The men—A Iv a, MarquisCasti-Piani, Banker Puntschu, and JournalistHeil man n—are in evening dress. Lulu wears awhite Directoire dress with huge sleeves and white lacefalling freely from belt to feet. Her arms are in whitekid gloves, her hair done high with a little tuft of whitefeathers. Geschwitz is in a bright blue hussar-waisttrimmed with white fur and laced with silver braid, atall tight collar zvith a white bow and stiff cuffs withhuge ivory links. Mage lone is in bright rainbow- colored shot silk with very wide sleeves, long narrowwaist, and three ruffles of spiral rose-colored ribbons andviolet bouquets. Her hair is parted in the middle anddrawn low over her temples. On her forehead is amother-of-pearl ornainent, held by a fine chain under herhair, Kadidia, her daughter, twelve years old, has bright-green satin gaiters which yet leave visible the topsof her white silk socks, and a white-lace-covered dresswith bright-green narrow sleeves, pearl-gray gloves, andfree black hair under a big bright-green hat with whitefeathers. Bianetta is in dark-green velvet, the collarsewn with pearls, and a full skirt, its hem embroideredjwith great false topazes set in silver. LudmillaSteinherz is in a glaring summer frock striped redand blue.Rodrigo stands, centre, a full glass in his hand.RODRIGO. Ladies and gentlemen—l beg your pardon—please be quiet—l drink—permit me to drink—for thisis the birthday party of our amiable hostess—(takingLulus arm) of Countess Adelaide d'Oubra—damned anddone for!—l drink therefore and so forth, go to it,ladies! {All surround Lulu and clink with her. Alvapresses Rodrigo's hand.)ALVA. I congratulate you.RODRIGO. I'm sweating like a roast pig.ALVA. {To Lulu.) Let's see if everything's in orderin the card-room. {Alva and Lulu exeunt, rear. Bian- etta speaks to Rodrigo.)BIANETTA. They were telling me just now you werethe strongest man in the world.RODRIGO. That I am. May I put my strength atyour disposal?MAGELONE. I love sharp-shooters better. Threemonths ago a sharp-shooter stepped into the casino andevery time he went Tang!" I felt like this. {She wrig- gles her hips.)CASTI-PIANI. {IVho speaks the act in a boredand weary tone, to Magelone.) Say, dearie, how does it happen we see your nice little princess here for the firsttime to-night? {Meaning KMAGELONE. Do you really find her so delightful?—She is still in the convent. She must be back in schoolagain on Monday.KADIDIA. What did you say, mama?MAGELONE. I was just telling the gentleman that yougot the highest mark in geometry last week.HEILMANN. Some pretty hair she's got!CASTI-PIANI. Just look at her feet: the way shewalks!PUNTSCHU. By god, she's got breeding!MAGELONE. {Smiling.) But my dear sirs, take pityon her! She's nothing but a child still!PUNTSCHU. That'd trouble me damned little! {ToHeilmann.) I'd give ten years of my life if I couldinitiate the young lady into the ceremonies of our secretsociety!MAGELONE. But you won't get me to consent to thatfor a million. I won't have the child's youth ruined, theway mine was!CASTI-PIANI. Confessions of a lovely soul! {ToMagelone.) Would you not agree, either, for a set ofreal diamonds?MAGELONE. Don't brag! You'll give as few realdiamonds to me as to my child. You know that quitethe best yourself. {Kadidia goes into the rear room.)GESCHWITZ. But is nobody at all going to play, thisevening?LUDMILLA. Why, of course, comtesse. I'm countingon it very much, for one!BIANETTA. Then let's take our places right away.The gentlemen will soon come then. GESCHWITZ. May I ask you to excuse me just asecond. I must say a word to my friend.CASTI-PIANI. (Offering his arm to Bianetta.) MayI have the honor to be your partner? You always holdsuch a lucky hand!LUDMILLA. Now just give me your other arm andthen lead us into the gambling-hell. (The three gooff s o^rear.)MAGELONE. Say, Mr. Puntschu, have you still got afew Jungfrau shares for me, maybe?PUNTSCHU. Jungfrau-shares? (To Heilmann.) Thelady means the stock of the funicular railway on theJungfrau. The Jungfrau, you know,—the Virgin—is amountain up which they want to build a wire railway.(To Magelone.) You know, just so there may be noconfusion;—and how easy that would be in this selectcircle!— Yes, I still have some four thousand Jungfrau- shares, but I should like to keep those for myself. Therewon't be such another chance soon of making a littlefortune out of hand.HEILMANN. I've only one lone share of this Jung- frau-stock so far. I should like to have more, too.PUNTSCHU. I'll try, Mr. Heilmann, to look aftersome for you. But I'll tell you beforehand you'll have topay drug-store prices for them!MAGELONE. My fortune-teller advised me to lookabout me in time. All my savings are in Jungfrau-sharesnow. If it doesn't .turn out well, Mr. Puntschu, I'llscratch your eyes out!PUNTSCHU. I am perfectly sure of my affairs, mydearie!ALVA. (Who has come back from the card-room, toMagelone.) I can guarantee your fears are absolutely unfounded. I paid very dear for my Jungfrau-stock andhaven't regretted it a minute. They're going up steadilyfrom day to day. There never was such a thing before.MAGELONE. All the better, if you're right. (TakingPuntschus arm.) Come, my friend, let's try our lucknow at baccarat. ( All go out, rear, except Geschwitz and,Rodrigo who scribbles something on a piece of paper andfolds it up, then notices Geschwitz.)RODRIGO. Hm, madam countess— ( startsand shrinks.) Do I look as dangerous as that? (Tohimself.) I must make a bon mot. (Aloud.) May Iperhaps make so bold—GESCHWITZ. You can go to the devil!CASTI-PIANI. (As he leads Lulu in.) Permit me aword or two.LULU. (Not noticing Rodrigo who presses his noteinto her hand.) Oh, as many as you like. (Rodrigobows and goes out, rear.)CASTI-PIANI. (To Geschwitz.) Leave us alone!LULU. (To Casti-Piani.) Have I hurt you again inany way?CASTI-PIANI. (Since Geschwitz does not stir.) Areyou deaf? (Geschwitz, sighing deeply, goes out, rear.)LULU. Just say straight out how much you want.CASTI-PIANI. With money you can no longer serveme.LULU. What makes you think that we have no moremoney ?CASTI-PIANI. YOU handed out the last bit of it to meyesterday.LULU. If you're sure of that then I suppose it's so.CASTI-PIANI. You're down on the bare ground, youand your writer. LULU. Then why all the words?—If you want tohave me for yourself you need not first threaten me withexecution.CASTI-PIANI. I know that. But I've told you morethan once that you won't be my downfall. I haven'tsucked you dry because you loved me, but loved you inorder to suck you. Bianetta is more to my taste fromtop to bottom than you. You set out the choicest sweet- meats, and after one has frittered his time away at themhe finds he's hungrier than before. You've loved toolong, even for our present relations. With a healthyyoung man, you only ruin his nervous system. But you'llfit all the more perfectly in the position I have soughtout for you.LULU. You're crazy! Have I commissioned you tofind a position for me?CASTI-PIANI. I told you, though, that I was an ap- pointments-agent.LULU. You told me you were a police spy.CASTI-PIANI. One can't live on that alone. I was anappointments-agent originally, till I blundered over aminister's daughter I'd got a position for in Valparaiso.The little darling in her childhood's dreams imagined thelife even more intoxicating than it is, and complained ofit to Mama. On that, they nabbed me; but by reliabledemeanor I soon enough won the confidence of the crimi- nal police and they sent me here on a hundred and fiftymarks a month, because they were tripling our contingenthere on account of these everlasting bomb-explosions. Butwho can get along on a hundred and fifty marks a month?My colleagues get women to support them; but, of course,I found it more convenient to take up my former callingagain; and of the numberless adventuresses of the best families of the entire world, whom chance brings togetherhere, I have already forwarded many a young creaturehungry for life to the place of her natural vocation.LULU. ( Decisively.) I wouldn't do in that business.CASTI-PIANI. Your views on that question make nodifference whatever to me. The department of justicewTill pay anyone who delivers the murderess of Dr. Schoninto the hands of the police a thousand marks. I onlyneed to whistle for the constable who's standing down atthe corner to have earned a thousand marks. Againstthat, the House of Oikonomopulos in Cairo bids sixtypounds for you—twelve hundred marks—two hundredmore than the Attorney General. And, besides, I amstill so far a friend of mankind that I prefer to help myloves to happiness, not plunge them into misfortune.LULU. {As before.) The life in such a house cannever make a woman of my stamp happy. When I wasfifteen, that might have happened to me. I was desperatethen—thought I should never be happy. I bought a re- volver, and ran one night bare-foot thru the deep snowover the bridge to the park to shoot myself there.But then by good luck I lay three months in the hospitalwithout setting eyes on a man, and in that time my eyesopened and I got to know myself. Night after nightin my dreams I saw the man for whom I was created andwho was created for me, and then when I was let out onthe men again I was no longer a silly goose. Since thenI can see on a man, in a pitch-dark night and a hundredfeet away, whether we're suited to each other; and if Isin against that insight I feel the next day dirtied, bodyand soul, and need weeks to get over the loathing I havefor myself. And now you imagine I'll give myself toevery and any Tom and Harry! CASTI-PIANI. Toms and Harries don't patronize Oiko- nomopulos of Cairo. His custom consists of Scottishlords, Russian dignitaries, Indian governors, and ourjolly Rhineland captains of industry. I must only guar- antee that you speak French. With your gift for lan- guages you'll quickly enough learn as much English, be- sides, as you'll need to get on with. And you'll reside ina royally furnished apartment with an outlook on theminarets of the El Azhar Mosque, and walk around allday on Persian carpets as thick as your fist, and dressevery evening in a fabulous Paris gown and drink as muchchampagne as your customers can pay for, and, finally,you'll even remain, up to a certain point, your own mis- tress. If the man doesn't please you, you needn't bringhim any reciprocal feelings. Just let him give in his card,and then— ( Shrugs,and snaps his fingers.) If the ladiesdidn't get used to that the whole business would besimply impossible, because every one after the first fourweeks would go headlong to the devil.LULU. (Her voice shaking.) Ido believe that sinceyesterday you've got a screw loose somewhere. Am Itounderstand that the Egyptian will pay fifteen hundredfrancs for a person whom he's never seen ?CASTI-PIANI. I took the liberty of sending him yourpictures.LULU. Those pictures that I gave you, you've sentto him ?CASTI-PIANI. You see he can value them better thanI. The picture in which you stand before the mirroras Eve he'll probably hang up at the house-door, afteryou've got there. . . . And then there's one thing morefor you to notice: with Oikonomopulos in Cairo you'llbe safer from your blood-hounds than if you crept into a Canadian wilderness. It isn't so easy to transport anEg)'ptian courtesan to a German prison,—first, on accountof the mere expense, and second, from fear of coming tooclose to eternal Justice.LULU. (Proudly, in a clear voice.) What's your eter- nal Justice to do with me! You can see as plain as yourfive fingers I shan't let myself be locked up in any suchamusement-place!CASTI-PIANI. Then do you want me to whistle forthe policeman?LULU. {ln wonder.) Why don't you simply ask mefor twelve hundred marks, if you want the money?CASTI-PIANI. I want for no money! And I also don'task for it because you're dead broke.LULU. We still have thirty thousand marks.CASTI-PIANI. In Jungfrau-stock! I never have any- thing to do with stock. The Attorney-General pays inthe national currency, and Oikonomopulos pays in Eng- lish gold. You can be on board early to-morrow. Thepassage doesn't last much more than five days. In twoweeks at most you're in safety. Here you are nearer toprison than anywhere. It's a wonder which I, as one ofthe secret police, cannot understand, that you two havebeen able to live for a full year unmolested. But justas I came on the track of your antecedents, so any day,with your mighty consumption of men, one of my col- leagues may make the happy discovery. Then I may justwipe my mouth, and you spend in prison the most en- joyable years of your life. If you will kindly decidequickly. The train goes at 12.30. If we haven't strucka bargain before eleven, I whistle up the policeman. Ifwe have, I pack you, just as you stand, into a carriage, drive you to the station, and to-morrow escort you onboard ship.LULU. But is it possible you can be serious in all this?CASTI-PIANI. Don't you understand that I can act nowonly for your bodily rescue?LULU. I'll go with you to America or to China, but Ican't let myself be sold of my own accord! That is worsethan prison!CASTI-PIANI. {Drawing a letter from his pocket.)Just read this effusion! I'll read it to you. Here's thepostmark "Cairo," so you won't believe I work withforged documents. The girl is a Berliner, was marriedtwo years and to a man whom you would have enviedher, a former comrade of mine. He travels now for theHamburg Colonial Company. . . .LULU. {Merrily.) Then perhaps he visits hiswife occasionally?CASTI-PIANA. That is not incredible. But hear thisimpulsive expression of her feelings. My white-slave traf- fic seems to me absolutely no more honorable than the verybest judge would tax it with being, but a cry of joy likethis lets me feel a certain moral satisfaction for a moment.I am proud to earn my money by scattering happiness withfull hands. {Reads.) "Dear Mr. Meyer"—that's myname as a white-slave trader—"when you go to Berlin,please go right away to the conservatory on the PotsdamerStrasse and ask for Gusti von Rosenkron—the most beau- tiful woman that I've ever seen in nature—delightfulhands and feet, naturally small waist, straight back, fullbody, big eyes and short nose—just the sort you like best.I have written to her already. She has no prospects withher singing. Her mother hasn't a penny. Sorry she'salready twenty-two, but she's pining for love. Can't marry, because absolutely without means. I have spokenwith Madame. They'd like to take another German, ifshe's well educated and musical. Italians and French- women can't compete with us, 'cause of too little culture.If you should see Fritz"—Fritz is the husband; he's get- ting a divorce, of course,—"tell him it was all a bore.He didn't know any better, nor did I either." Now comethe exact details—LULU. {Goaded.) I can not sell the only thing thatever was my own!CASTI-PIANI. Let me read some more.LULU. {As before.) This very evening, I'll handover to you our entire wealth.CASTI-PIANI. Believe me, for God's sake, I've gotyour last red cent! If we haven't left this house beforeeleven, you and your lot will be transported to-morrowin a police-car to Germany.LULU. You can't give me up!CASTI-PIANI. Do you think that would be the worstthing I can have done in my life? ... I must, in casewe go to-night, have just a brief word with Bianetta.{He goes into the card-room, leaving the door open -hind him. Lulu stares before her, mechanically crumplingup the note that Rodrigo stuck into her hand, which shehas held in her fingers thruout the dialog. Alva, behindthe card-table, gets up, a bill in his hand, and comes intothe salon.)ALVA. {To Lulu.) Brilliantly! It's going bril- liantly! Geschwitz is wagering her last shirt. Puntschuhas promised me ten more Jungfrau-shares. Steinherz ismaking her little gains and profits. {Exit, lower right.) LULU. lin a bordell?—{She reads the paper she holds,and laughs madly.) ALVA. (Coming back with a cash-box in his hand.)Aren't you going to play, too?LULU. Oh, yes, surely—why not?ALVA. By the way, it's in the Berliner Tageblatt to- day that Alfred Hugenberg has hurled himself over thestairs in prison.LULU. Is he too in prison?ALVA. Only in a sort of house of detention. ( ,rear. Lulu is about to follow, but Countess Geschwitzmeets her in the door-way.)GESCHWITZ. You are going because I come?LULU. ( Resolutely.)No, God knows. But whenyou come then I go.GESCHWITZ. You have defrauded me of all the goodthings of this world that I still possessed. You mightat the very least preserve the outward forms of polite- ness in your intercourse with me.LULU. {As before.) lam as polite to you as to anyother woman. I only beg you to be equally so to me.GESCHWITZ. Have you forgotten the passionate en- dearments by which, while we lay together in the hos- pital, you seduced me into letting myself be lockedinto prison for you?LULU. Well, why else did you bring me down withthe cholera beforehand? I swore very different thingsto myself, even while it was going on, from what I hadto promise you! lam shaken with horror at the thoughtthat that should ever become reality!GESCHWITZ. Then you cheated me consciously, de- liberately?LULU. {Gaily.) What have you been cheated of,then? Your physical advantages have found so enthu- siastic an admirer here, that I ask myself if I won't have to give piano lessons once more, to keep alive! Noseventeen-year-old child could make a man madder withlove than you, a pervert, are making him, poor fellow,by your shrewishness.GESCHWITZ. Of whom are you speaking? I don'tunderstand a word.LULU. {As before.) I'm speaking of your acrobat,of Rodrigo Quast. He's an athlete: he balances twosaddled cavalry horses on his chest. Can a woman desireanything more glorious? He told me just now that he'djump into the water to-night if you did not take pityon him.GESCHWITZ. I do not envy you this cleverness withwhich you torture the helpless victims sacrificed to youby their inscrutable destiny. My own plight has not yetwrung from me the pity that I feel for you. / feel freeas a god when I think to what creatures you are en- slaved.LULU. Who do you mean?GESCHWITZ. Casti-Piani, upon whose forehead themost degenerate baseness is written in letters of fire!LULU. Be silent! I'll kick you, if you speak ill ofhi m. He loves me with an uprightness against which3'our most venturous self-sacrifices are poor as beggary!He gives me such proofs of self-denial as reveal youfor the first time in all your loathsomeness! You didn'tget finished in your mother's womb, neither as womannor as man. You have no&gt; human nature like the rest',of us. The stuff didn't go far enough for a man, andfor a woman you got too much brain into your skull.That's the reason ycfti're crazy! Turn to Miss Bianetta!She can be had for everything for pay! Press a gold- piece into her hand and she'll belong to. you. {All the company save Kadidia throng in out of theFor the Lord's sake, what has happened?PUNTSCHU. Nothing whatever! We're thirsty, that'sall.MAGELONE. Everybody has won. We can't believe it.BIANETTA. It seems I have won a whole fortune!LUDMILLA. Don't boast of it, my child. That isn'tlucky.MAGELONE. But the bank has won, too! How isthat possible?ALVA. It is colossal, where all the money comes from!CASTI-PIANI. Let us not ask! Enough that we neednot spare the champagne.HEILMANN. I can pay for a supper in a respectablerestaurant afterwards, anyway!ALVA. To the buffet, ladies! Come to the buffet!{All exeunt,lower left.)RODRIGO. {Holding Lulu back.) Un momong, myheart. Have you read my billet-doux?LULU. Threaten me with discovery as much as youlike! I have no more twenty thousands to dispose of.RODRIGO. Don't lie to me, you punk! You've stillgot forty thousand in Jungfrau-stock. Your so-calledspouse has just been bragging of it himself!LULU. Then turn to him with your blackmailing!It's all one to me what he does with his money.RODRIGO. Thank you! With that blockhead I'd needtwice twenty-four hours to make him grasp what I wastalking about. And then come his explanations, thatmake one deathly sick; and meanwhile my bride writesme "It's all up!" and I can just hang a hurdy-gurdy overmy shoulder.LULU. Have you got engaged here, then? RODRIGO. Maybe I ought to have asked your per- mission first? What were my thanks here that I freedyou from prison at the cost of my health? You aban- doned me! I might have had to be a baggage-man if thisgirl hadn't taken me up! At my very first entrance, rightaway, they threw a velvet-covered arm-chair at my head!This country is too decadent to value genuine shows ofstrength any more. If I'd been a boxing kangaroo they'dhave interviewed me and put my picture in all the papers.Thank heaven, I'd already made the acquaintance of myCelestine. She's got the savings of twenty years depositedwith the government; and she loves me just for myself.She doesn't aim only at vulgar things, like you. She'shad three children by an American bishop—all of thegreatest promise. Day after to-morrow we'll get mar- ried by the registrar.LULU. You have my blessing.RODRIGO. Your blessing can be stolen from me. I'vetold my bride I had twenty thousand in stock at the bank.LULU. {Amused.) And after that he boasts the per- son loves him for himself!RODRIGO. She honors in me the man of mind, not theman of might as you and all the others have done. That'sover now. First they tore the clothes from one's bodyand then they waltzed around with the chambermaid.I'll be a skeleton before I'll let myself in again for suchdiversions!LULU. Then why the devil do you pursue the un- fortunate Geschwitz with your attentions?RODRIGO. Because the creature is of noble blood. I'ma man of the world, and can do distinguished conversa- tion better than any of you. But now {with a gesture) my talk is hanging out of my mouth! Will you get methe money before to-morrow evening or won't you?LULU. I have no money.RODRIGO. I'll have hen-droppings in my head beforeI'll let myself be put off with that! He'll give you hislast cent if you'll only do your damned duty once! Youlured the poor lad here, and now he can see where toscare up a suitable engagement for his accomplishments.LULU. What has it to dol with you if he wastes hismoney with women or at cards?RODRIGO. Do you absolutely want, then, to throwthe last penny that his father earned by his paper intothe jaws of this rapacious pack? You'll make four peoplehappy if you'll not take things too exactly and sacrificeyourself for a beneficent purpose! Has it got to beonly Casti-Piani forever?LULU. {Lightly.) Shall I ask him perhaps to lightyou down the stairs?RODRIGO. As you wish, countess! If I don't get thetwenty thousand marks by to-morrow evening, I make astatement to the police and your court has an end. AufWiedersehen! {Heilm ann entebreathless, upper right.)LULU. You're looking for Miss Magelone? She's nothere.HEILMANN. No, I'm looking for something else—RODRIGO. ( Taking him to the entry-door, oppositehim.) Second door on the left.LULU. {To Rodrigo.) Did you learn that from yourbride?HEILMANN. {Bumping into Puntschu in the door- way.) Excuse me, my angel!PUNTSCHU. Ah, it's you. Miss Magelone's waitingfor you in the lift. HEILMANN. You go up with her, please. I'll beright back. {He hurries out, left. Lulu goes out at lozverleft. Rodrigo follows her.)PUNTSCHU. Some heat, that! If I don't cut off yourears, you'll cut 'em off me! If I can't hire out my Je- hoshaphat, I've just got to help myself with my brains!Won't they get wrinkled, my brains! Won't they getindisposed! Won't they need to bathe in Eau de Co- logne! {Boh, a groom in a red jacket, tight leatherbreeches, and twinkling riding-boots, 15 years old, bringsin a telegram.)808. Mr. Puntschu, the banker!PUNTSCHU. {Breaks open the telegram and mur- murs:) "Jungfrau Funicular Stock fallen to—" Ay, ay,so goes the world! {Toßob.) Wait! {Gives him atip.) Tell me—what's your name?808. Well, it's really Freddy, but they call me Bob,because that's the fashion now.PUNTSCHU. How old are you?808. Fifteen.KADIDIA. {Enters hesitatingly from lower left.) Ibeg your pardon, can you tell me if mama is here?PUNTSCHU. No, my dear. {Aside.) Devil, she'sgot breeding!KADIDIA. I'm hunting all over for her; I can't findher anywhere.PUNTSCHU. Your mama will turn up again soon, astrue as my name's Puntschu! {Looking at Bob.) Andthat pair of breeches! God of Justice! It gets uncanny!{He goes out, upper right.)KADIDIA. Haven't you seen my mama, perhaps?808. No, but you only need to come with me.KADIDIA. Where is she then? 808. She's gone up in the lift. Come along.KADIDIA. No, no, I can't go up with you.808. We can hide up there in the corridor.KADIDIA. No, no, I can't come, or I'll be scolded.{Magelone, terribly excited, rushes in, upper left, andpossesses herself of Kadidia.)MAGELONE. Ha, there you are at last, you commoncreature!KADIDIA. {Crying.) O mama, mama, I was huntingfor you!MAGELONE. Hunting for me? Did I tell you to huntfor me? What have you had to do with this fellow?{Heilmann, Alva, Ludmilla, Puntschu, andLulu enter, lower left. Bob has withdrawn.) Nowdon't bawl before all the people on me; look out, Itell you!LULU. {As they all surround Kadidia.) But you'recrying, sweetheart! Why are you crying?PUNTSCHU. By God, she's really been crying! Who'sdone anything to hurt you, little goddess?LUDMILLA. {Kneels before her and folds her in herarms.) Tell me, cherub, what bad thing has happened.Do you want a cookie? Do you want some chocolate?MAGELONE. It's just nerves. The child's getting themmuch too soon. It would be the best thing if no onepaid any attention to her!PUNTSCHU. That sounds like you! You're a prettymother! The courts 'll yet take the child away from youand appoint me her guardian! {Strokingcheeks.) Isn't that so, my little goddess?GESCHWITZ. I should be glad if we started the bac- carat again at last? {All go into the card-room. Luluis held back at the door by Bob.) LULU. (When Bob has whispered to her.) Certainly!Let him come in! (Bob opens the door and lets Schi- golch enter, in evening dress, his patent-leather shoesmuch worn, and keeping on his shabby opera hat.)SCHIGOLCH. ( With a look at Bob.) Where d'd youget him from?LULU. The circus.SCHIGOLCH, How much does he get?LULU. Ask him if it interests you. (To Bob.) Shutthe doors. (Bob goes out lower left, shutting the doorbehind him.)SCHIGOLCH. (Sitting down.) The truth is, I'm inneed of money. I've hired a flat for my mistress.LULU. Have you taken another mistress here, too ?SCHIGOLCH. She's from Frankfort. In her youth shewas mistress to the King of Naples. She tells me everyday she was once very bewitching.LULU. (Outwardly with complete composure.) Doesshe need the money very badly?SCHIGOLCH. She wants to fit up her own apartments.Such sums are of no account to you. (Lulu is sud- denly overcome with a fit of weeping.)LULU. (Flinging herself at Schigolch.) O God Om- nipotent !SCHIGOLCH. (Patting her.) Well? What is it now?LULU. (Sobbing violently.) It's too horrible!SCHIGOLCH. (Draws her onto his knee and holds herin his arms like a little child.) Hm—You're trying todo too much, child. You must go&lt; to bed, now and then,with a story.—Cry, that's right, cry it all out. It usedto shake you just so fifteen years ago. Nobody hasscreamed since then, the way you could scream! Youdidn't wear any white tufts on your head then, nor any transparent stockings on your legs: you had neither shoesnor stockings then.LULU. {Crying.) Take me home with you! Takeme home with you to-night! Please! We'll find car- riages enough downstairs!SCHIGOLCH. I'll take you with me; I'll take you withme.—What is it?LULU. It's going round my neck! I'm to be shown up!SCHIGOLCH. By who ? Who's showing you up ?i eLULU. The acrobat.SCHIGOLCH. {With the utmost composure.) I'll lookafter him.LULU. Look after him! Please, look after him!Then do with me what you will!SCHIGOLCH. If he comes to me, he's done for. Mywindow is over the water. But {shaking his head) hewon't come; he won't come.LULU. What number do you live at?SCHIGOLCH. 376, the last house before the hippodrome.LULU. I'll send him there. He'll come with the crazyperson that creeps about my feet. He'll come this veryevening. Go home and let them find it comfortable.SCHIGOLCH. Just let them come.LULU. To-morrow bring the gold rings he wears inhis ears.SCHIGOLCH. Has he got rings in his ears?LULU. You can take them out before you let himdown. He doesn't notice anything when he's drunk.SCHIGOLCH. And then, child—what then?LULU. Then I'll give you the money for your mistress.SCHIGOLCH. I call that pretty stingy.LULU. And whatever else you want! What I have! SCHIGOLCH. It's pretty near ten years since we kneweach other.LULU. Is that all?—But you've got a mistress.SCHIGOLCH. My Frankforter is no longer of to-day.LULU. But then swear!SCHIGOLCH. Haven't I always kept my word to you?LULU. Swear that you'll look after him!SCHIGOLCH. I'll look after him.LULU. Swear it to me! Swear it to me!SCHIGOLCH. (Puts his hand on her ankle.) By every- thing that's holy! To-night, if he comes—LULU. By everything that's holy!— How cool that is!SCHIGOLCH. How hot this is!LULU. Drive straight home. They'll come in half-an- hour! Take a carriage!SCHIGOLCH. I'm going.LULU. Quick! Please! All-powerful—SCHIGOLCH. Why do you stare at me so again already?LULU. Nothing— .. .SCHIGOLCH. Well? Is your tongue frozen on you?LULU. My garter's broken.SCHIGOLCH. What if it is? Is that all?LULU. What does that augur?SCHIGOLCH. What does it? I'll fasten it for you ifyou'll keep still.LULU. That augurs misfortune!SCHIGOLCH. {Y awning.) Not for you, child. Cheerup, I'll look after him! {Exit. Lulu puts her left footon a foot-stool,fastens her garter, and goes out into thecard-room. Then Rodrigo is cuffed in from the dining- room, lower left, by Casti-Piani.)RODRIGO. You can treat me decently anyway!CASTI-PIANI. (Still perfectly unemotional.) What- ever would induce me to do that? I will know what yousaid to her here a little while- ago.RODRIGO. Then you can be very fond of me!CASTI-PIANI. Will you bandy words with me, dog?You demanded that she go up in the lift with you!RODRIGO. That's a shameless, perfidious lie!iCASTI-PIANI. She told me so herself. You threatenedto denounce her if she didn't go with you.—Shall I shootyou on the spot?RODRIGO. The shameless hussy! As if anything likethat could occur to me!—Even if I should want to haveher, God knows I don't first need to threaten her withprison!CASTI-PIANI. Thank you. That's all I wanted toknow. {Exit, upper left.)RODPJGO. Such a hound! A fellow I could throw uponto the roof so he'd stick like a Limburger cheese!—Come back here, so I can wind your guts round yourneck. That would be even better!LULU. {Enters, lower left; merrily.) Where wereyou? I've been hunting for you like a pin.RODRIGO. I've shown hi m what it means to startanything with me!LULU. Whom?RODRIGO. Your Casti-Piani! What made you tell him,you slut, that I wanted to seduce you ?!LULU. Did you not ask me to give myself to my de- ceased husband's son for twenty thousand in Jungfraushares?RODRIGO. Because it's your duty to take pity on thepoor young fellow! You shot away his father before hisnose in the very best years of life! But your Casti-Pianiwill think it over before he comes into my sight again. I gave him one in the basket that made the tripes fly toheaven like Roman candles. If you've got no better sub- stitute for me, then I'm sorry ever to have had your favor!LULU. Lady Geschwitz is in the fearfullest case. Shetwists herself up in fits. She's at the point of jumpinginto the water if you let her wait any longer.RODRIGO. What's the beast waiting for?LULU. For you, to take her with you.RODRIGO. Then give her my regards, and she can jumpinto the water.LULU. She'll lend me twenty thousand marks to saveme from destruction if you will preserve her from it her- self. If 3'ou'll take her off to-night, I'll deposit twentythousand marks to-morrow in your name at any bank yousay.RODRIGO. And if I don't take her off with me?LULU. Denounce me! Alva and I are dead broke.RODRIGO. Devil and damnation!LULU. You make four people happy if you don't takethings too exactly and sacrifice yourself for a beneficentpurpose.RODRIGO. That won't go; I know that, beforehand.I've tried that out enough now. Who counts on an honor- able soul like that in a bag o' bones! What the person hadfor me was her being an aristocrat. My behavior was asgentleman-like, and more, as you could find among Ger- man circus-people. If I'd only just pinched her in thecalves once!LULU. {Watchfully.) She is still a virgin.RODRIGO. {Sighing.) If there's a God in heaven,you'll get paid for your jokes some day! I prophesy that.LULU. Geschwitz waits. What shall I tell her?RODRIGO. My very best wishes, and lam perverse. LULU. I will deliver that.RODRIGO. Wait a sec. Is it certain sure I get twentythousand marks from her?LULU. Ask herself!RODRIGO. Then tell her I'm ready. I await her inthe dining-room. I must just first look after a barrel ofcaviare. {Exit, left. Lulu opens the rear door and callsin a clear voice "Martha!" Countess Geschwitz enters,closing the door behind her.)LULU. {Pleased.) Dear heart, you can save me fromdeath to-night.GESCHWITZ. How?LULU. By going to a certain house with the acrobat.GESCHWITZ. What for, dear?LULU. He says you must belong to him this very nightor he'll denounce me to-morrow.GESCHWITZ. You know I can't belong to any man.My fate has not permitted that.LULU. If you don't please him, that's his own fix.Why has he fallen in love with you?GESCHWITZ. But he'll get as brutal as a hangman.He'll revenge himself for his disappointment and beat myhead in. I've been thru that already. . . . Can you notpossibly spare me this hardest test?LULU. What will you gain by his denouncing me?GESCHWITZ. I have still enough of my fortune to takeus to America together in the steerage. There you'd besafe from all your pursuers.LULU. {Pleased and gay.) I want to stay here.I can never be happy in any other city. You musttell him that you can't live without him. Then he'llfeel flattered and be gentle as a lamb. You must paythe coachman, too: give him this paper with the address on it. 376 is a sixth-class hotel where they're expectingyou with him this evening.GESCHWITZ. (Shuddering.) How can such a mon- strosity save your life? I don't understand that. Youhave conjured up to torture me the most terrible fate thatcan fall upon outlawed me!LULU. {Watchful.) Perhaps the encounter will cureyou.GESCHWITZ. {Sighing.) O Lulu, if an eternal retri- bution does exist, I hope I may not have to answer then foryou. I cannot make myself believe that no God watchesover us. Yet you are probably right that there is no- thing there, for how can an insignificant worm like mehave provoked his wrath so as to experience only horrorthere where all living creation swoons for bliss?LULU. You needn't complain. When you are happyyou're a hundred thousand times happier than one of usordinary mortals ever is!GESCHWITZ. I know that too! I envy no one! But Iam still waiting. You have deceived me so often already.LULU. lam yours, my darling, if you quiet Mr. Acro- bat till to-morrow. He only wants his vanity placated.You must beseech him to take pity on you.GESCHWITZ. And to-morrow?LULU. I await you, my heart. I shall not open myeyes till you come: see no chambermaid, receive no hair- dresser, not open my eyes before you are with me.GESCHWITZ. Then let him come.LULU. But you must throw yourself at his head, dear!Have you got the house-number?GESCHWITZ. Three-seventy-six. But quick now!LULU. {Calls into the dining-room.) Ready, mydarling? RODRIGO. {Entering.) The ladies will pardon mymouth's being full.GESCHWITZ. {Seizing his hand.) I implore you, havemercy on my need!RODRIGO. Ala bonne heure! Let us mount the scaf- fold! {Offers her his arm.)LULU. Good-night, children! {Accompanies them in- to the corridor. . . . then quickly returns with Bob.)Quick, quick, Bob! We must get away this moment!You escort me! But we must change clothes!808. {Curt and clear.) As the gracious lady bids.LULU. Oh what, gracious lady! You give me yourclothes and put on mine. Come! {Exeunt into the din- ing-room. Noise in the card-room, the doors are tornopen, and Puntschu, Heilmann, Alva, Bianetta, Magelone,Kadidia and Ludmilla enter, Heilmann holding a piece ofpaper with a glowing Alpine peak at its top.)HEILMANN. {To Puntschu.) Will you accept thisshare of Jungfrau-stock, sir?PUNTSCHU. But that paper has no exchange, myfriend.HEILMANN. You rascal! You just don't want to giveme my revenge!MAGELONE. (To Bianetta.) Have you any idea whatit's all about?LUDMILLA. Puntschu has taken all his money fromhim, and now gives up the game.HEILMANN. Now he's got cold feet, the filthy Jew!PUNTSCHU. How have I given up the game? Howhave I got cold feet? The gentleman has merely to layplain cash! Is this my banking-office I'm in? He canproffer me his trash to-morrow morning! HEILMANN. Trash you call that? The stock in myknowledge is at 210!PUNTSCHU. Yesterday it was at 210, you're right.To-day, it's just nowhere. And to-morrow you'll findnothing cheaper or more tasteful to paper your stairs with.ALVA. But how is that possible ? Then we wouldbe down and out!PUNTSCHU. Well, what am I to say, who have lostmy whole fortune in it! To-morrow morning I shallhave the pleasure of taking up the struggle for an assuredexistence for the thirty-sixth time!MAGELONE. ( Passing forward.) Am I dreaming ordo I really hear the Jungfrau-stock has fallen?PUNTSCHU. Fallen even lower than you! Tho&gt; youcan use 'em for curl-paper.MAGELONE. O God in Heaven! Ten years' work!(Falls in a faint.)KADIDIA. Wake up, mama! Wake up!BIANETTA. Say, Mr. Puntschu, where will you eatthis evening, since you've lost your whole fortune?PUNTSCHU. Wherever you like, young lady! Takeme where you will, but quickly! Here it's getting fright- ful. ( Exeunt Puntschu and Bianetta.)HEILMANN. ( Squeezing up his stock and flinging it tothe ground.) That is what one gets from this pack!LUDMILLA. Why do you speculate on the Jungfrautoo? Send a few little notices on the company to theGerman police here, and then you'll still win somethingin the end.HEILMANN. I've never tried that in my life, but ifyou want to help me—?LUDMILLA. Let's go to an all-night restaurant. Doyou know the Five-footed Calf? HEILMAN. I'm very sorry—LUDMILLA. Or the Sucking Lamb, or the SmokingDog? They're all right near here. We'll be all by our- selves there, and before dawn we'll have a little articleready.HEILMANN. Don't you sleep?LUDMILLA. Oh, of course; but not at night. (Heilmann and Ludmilla.)ALVA. (Who has been trying to resuscitate Mage- lone.) Ice-cold hands! Ah, what a splendid woman!We must undo her waist. Come, Kadidia, undo yourmother's waist! She's so fearfully tight-laced.KADIDIA. (Without stirring.) I'm afraid. (Luluenters lower left in a jockey-capred jacket, white leatherbreeches and riding boots, a riding cape over hershoulders.)LULU. Have you any cash, Alva?ALVA. (Looking up.) Have you gone crazy?LULU. In two minutes the police'll be here. We aredenounced. You can stay of course, if you're eager to!ALVA. (Springing up.) Merciful Heaven! (ExeuntAlva and Lulu.)KADIDIA. (Shaking her mother, in tears.) Mama,Mama! Wake up! They've all run away!MAGELONE. (Coming to herself.) And youth gone!And my best days gone! Oh, this life!KADIDIA. But I'm young, mama! Why shouldn't Iearn any money? I don't want to go back to the con- vent! Please, mama, keep me with you!MAGELONE. God bless you, sweetheart! You don'tknow what you say— Oh, no, I shall look around foran engagement in a Variete, and sing the people my mis- fortunes with the Jungfrau-stock. Things like that arealways applauded.KADIDIA. But you've got no voice, mama!MAGELONE. Ah, yes, that's true!KADIDIA. Take me with you to the Variete!MAGELONE. No, it would break my heart!— But, well,if it can't be otherwise, and you're so made for it,—I can'tchange things!— Yes, we can go to the Olympia togetherto-morrow!KADIDIA. O mama, how glad that makes me feel!{A plain-clothes detective enters, upper left.).DETECTIVE. In the name of the law—I arrest you!CASTI-PIANI. (Following hims bored.) What sort ofnonsense is that ? That isn't the right one! CURTAIN. ACT III An attic room, without windows, but with two sky- lights, under one of which stands a bowl filled withzvater. Down right, a door thru a board partition into asort of cubicle under the slanting roof. it, a wobblyflower-table with a bottle and a smoking oil-lamp on it.Upper right, a worn-out couch. Door centre; near it, achair without a seat. Down left, below the entrance door,a torn gray mattress. None of the doors can shut tight.The rain beats on the roof. Schigolch in a long grayovercoat lies on the mattress; Alva on the couch, wrappedin a plaid whose straps still hang on the wall above him.SCHIGOLCH. The rain's drumming for the parade.ALVA. Cheerful weather for her first appearance! Idreamt just now we were dining together at Olympia.Bianetta was still with us. The table-cloth was drippingon all four sides with champagne.SCHIGOLCH. Ya, ya. And I was dreaming of a Christ- mas pudding. ( Lulu appears, back, barefoot, in a tornblack dress, but with her hair falling to her shoulders.)Where have you been ? Curling your hair first ?ALVA. She only does that to revive old memories.LULU. If one could only get warmed, just a little,from one of you!ALVA. Will you enter barefoot on your pilgrimage?SCHIGOLCH. The first step always costs all kinds ofmoaning and groaning. Twenty years ago it was no whitbetter, and what she has learned since then! The coals only have to be blown. When she's been at it a week,not ten locomotives will hold her in our miserable attic.ALVA. The bowl is running over.LULU. What shall Ido with the water?ALVA. Pour it out the window. (Lulu gets up on thechair and empties the bowl thru the sky-light.)LULU. It looks as if the rain would let up at last.SCHIGOLCH. Your wasting the time when the clerksgo home after supper.LULU. Would to God I were lying somewhere whereno step would wake me any more!ALVA. Would I were, too! Why prolong this life?Let's rather starve to death together this very evening inpeace and concord! Is it not the last stage now ?LULU. Why don't you go out and get us somethingto eat? You've never earned a penny in your whole life!ALVA. In this weather, when no one would kick adog from his door?LULU. But me! I, with the little blood I have leftin my limbs, I am to stop your mouths!ALVA. I don't touch a farthing of the money!SCHIGOLCH. Let her go, just! I long for one moreChristmas pudding; then I've had enough.ALVA. And I long for one more beefsteak and a cig- arette; then die! I was just dreaming of a cigarette, suchas has never yet been smoked!SCHIGOLCH. She'll see us put an end to before hereyes, before doing herself a little pleasure.LULU. The people on the street will sooner leave cloakand coat in my hands than go with me for nothing! Ifyou hadn't sold my clothes, I at least wouldn't need to beafraid of the lamp-light. I'd like to see the woman whocould earn anything in the rags I'm wearing on my body! ALVA. I have left nothing human untried. As longas I had money I spent whole nights making up tableswith which one couldn't help winning against the clever- est card-sharps. And yet evening after evening I lost morethan if I had shaken out gold by the pailful. Then Ioffered my services to the courtesans; but they don't takeanyone without the stamps of the courts, and they seeat the first glance if one's related to the guillotine ornot.SCHIGOLCH. Ya, ya.ALVA. I spared myself no disillusionments; but whenI made jokes, they laughed at m e, and when I behavedas respectable as I am, they boxed my ears, and when Itried being smutty, they got so chaste and maidenly thatmy hair stood up on my head for horror. He who has notprevailed over society, they have no confidence in.SCHIGOLCH. Won't you kindly put on your boots now,child? I don't think I shall grow much older in thislodging. It's months since I had any feeling in the endsof my toes. Toward midnight, I'll drink a bit more downin the pub. The lady that keeps it told me yesterday Iseemed to really want to be her lover.LULU. In the name of the three devils, I'll go down!(She puts to her mouth the bottle on the flower-table.)SCHIGOLCH. So they can smell your stink a half-houroff!LULU. I shan't drink it all.ALVA. You won't go down. You're my woman.You shan't go down. I forbid it!LULU. What would you forbid your woman when youcan't support yourself?ALVA. Whose fault is that ? Who but my woman haslaid me on the sick-bed? LULU. Am I sick?ALVA. Who has trailed me thru the dung? Who hasmade me my father's murderer?LULU. Did you shoot him ? He didn't lose much,but when I see you lying there I could hack off both myhands for having sinned so against my judgment! (Shegoes out, into her room.)ALVA. She infected me from her Casti-Piani. It's along time since she was susceptible to it herself!SCHIGOLCH. Little devils like her can't begin puttingup with it too soon, if angels are ever going to come outof them.ALVA. She ought to have been born Empress of Russia.Then she'd have been in the right place. A second Cath- erine the Second! ( Lulu re-enters with a worn-out pairof boots, and sits on the floor to put them on.)LULU. If only I don't go headfirst down the stairs!Ugh, how cold! Is there anything in the world moredismal than a daughter of joy?SCHIGOLCH. Patience, patience! She's only got totake the right road into the business at the start.LULU. It's all right with me! Nothing's wrong withme any more. ( Puts the bottle to her lips.) Thatwarms one! O accursed! (Exit.)SCHIGOLCH. When we hear her coming, we mustcreep into my cubby-hole awhile.ALVA. I'm damned sorry for her! When I think back.. . . I grew up with her in away, you know.SCHIGOLCH. She'll hold out as long as I live, anyway.ALVA. We treated each other at first like brother andsister. Mama was still living then. I met her by chanceone morning when she was dressing. Dr. Goll had beencalled "for a consultation. Her hair-dresser had read my first poem, that I'd had printed in "Society": "Follow thypack far over the mountains; it will return again, coveredwith sweat and dust—"SCHIGOLCH. Oh, ya!ALVA. And then she came, in rose-colored muslin, withnothing under it but a white satin slip—for the Spanishambassador's ball. Dr. Goll seemed to feel his deathnear. He asked me to dance with her, so she shouldn'tcause any mad acts. Papa meanwhile never turned hiseyes from us, and all thru the waltz she was looking overmy shoulder, only at him. . . . Afterwards she shot him.It is unbelievable.SCHIGOLCH. I've only got a very strong doubt whetheranyone will bite any more.ALVA. I shouldn't like to advise it to anybody! (golch grunts.) At that time, tho she was a fully de- veloped woman, she had the expression of a five-year-old,joyous, utterly healthy child. And she was only threeyears younger than me then—but how long ago it is now!For all her immense superiority in matters of practi- cal life, she let me explain "Tristan and Isolde" toher—and how entrancingly she could listen! Outof the little sister who at her marriage still felt like aschool-girl, came the unhappy, hysterical artist's wife.Out of the artist's wife came then the spouse of myblessed father, and out of her came, then, my mistress.Well, so that is the way of the world. Who will prevailagainst it?SCHIGOLCH. If only she doesn't skid away from thegentlemen with honorable intentions and bring us up in- stead some vagabond she's exchanged her heart's secretswith.ALVA. I kissed her for the first time in her rustling bridal dress. But afterwards she didn't remember it. . . .All the same, I believe she had thought of me even in myfather's arms. It can't have been often with him: he hadhis best time behind him, and she deceived him withcoachman and boot-black; but when she did give herself tohim, then I stood before her soul. Thru that, too, with- out my realizing it, she attained this dreadful power overme.SCHIGOLCH. There they are! (Heavy steps are heardmounting the stairs.)ALVA. ( Starting up.) I will not endure it! I'llthrow the fellow out!SCHIGOLCH. ( Wearily picks himself up, takes Alva bythe collar and cuffs him toward the Forward, for- ward ! How is the young man to confess his trouble toher with us two sprawling round here?ALVA. But if he demands other things—low things—of her?SCHIGOLCH. If, well, if! What more will he demandof her? He's only a man like the rest of us!ALVA. We must leave the door open.SCHIGOLCH. (Pushing Alva in, right.) Nonsense!Lie down!ALVA. I'll hear it soon enough. Heaven spare him!SCHIGOLCH. ( Closing the door, from inside.) Shut up!ALVA. {Faintly.) He'd better look out! {Lulu en- ters, folloived by Hunidei, a gigantic figure with asmooth-shaven, rosy face, sky-blue eyes, and a friendlysmile. He wears a tall hat and overcoat and carries adripping umbrella.)LULU. Here's where I live. {Hunidei puts his fingerto his lips and looks at Lulu significantly. Then he openshis umbrella and puts it on the floor, rear, to dry.) Of course, I know it isn't very comfortable here. (comes forward and puts his hand over her jnouth.) Whatdo you mean me to understand by that? (Hunidei putshis hand over her mouth,and his finger to his lips.) Idon't know what that means. ( quickly stops hermouth. Lulu frees herself.) We're quite alone here. Noone will hear us. ( Hunidei lays his finger on his lips,shakes his head, points at Lulu, opens his mouth as if tospeak, points at himself and then at the door.) HerrGott, he's a monster! ( Hunide stops her mouth; thengoes rear, folds up his overcoat and lays it over the chairnear the door; then comes down with a broad smile, takesLulu s head in both his hands and kisses her on the fore- head. The door, right, half opens.)SCHIGOLCH. ( Behind the door.) He's got a screwloose.ALVA. He'd better look out!SCHIGOLCH. She couldn't have brought up anythingdrearier!LULU. ( Stepping back.) I hope you're going to giveme something! ( Hunidei stops her mouth and presses agold-piece in her hand, then looks at her uncertain,tioningly, as she examines it and throws it from one handto the other.)LULU. All right, it's good. (Puts it into her pocket.Hunidei quickly stops her mouth, gives her a few silvercoins, and glances at her commandingly.) Oh, that's niceof you! ( Hunidei leaps jnadly about the room, brandish- ing his arms and staring upward in despair. Lulu cau- tiously nears him, throws an arm round him and kisseshim on the mouth. Laughing soundlessly, he frees himselffrom her and looks questioningly. She takes up the lamptand opens the door to her room. He goes in smiling, tak- ing off his hat. The stage is dark save for what lightcomes thru the cracks of the door. Alva and Schigolchcreep out on all fours.)ALVA. They're gone.SCHIGOLCH. (Behind him.) Wait.ALVA. One can hear nothing here.SCHIGOLCH. You've heard that often enough!ALVA. I will kneel before her door.SCHIGOLCH. Little mother's sonny! (Presses pastAlva, gropes across the stage to Hunidei s coat, andsearches the pockets. Alva crawls to Lulus door.)Gloves, nothing more! ( Turns the coat round, searchesthe inside pockets, pulls a book out that he gives to Alva.)Just see what that is. {Alva holds the book to the light.)ALVA. {Wearily deciphering the title-page.) Warn- ings to pious pilgrims and such as wish to be so. Veryhelpful. Price, 25.6 d.SCHIGOLCH. It looks to me as if God had left hi mpretty completely. {Lays the coat over the chair againand makes for the cubby-hole.) There's nothing doingwith these people. The country's best time's behind it!ALVA. Life is never as bad as it's painted. {He, too,creeps back.)SCHIGOLCH. Not even a silk muffler he's got and yetin Germany we creep on our bellies before this rabble.ALVA. Come, let's vanish again.SCHIGOLCH. She only thinks of herself, and takes thefirst man that runs across her path. Hope the dog re- members her the rest of his life! {They disappear, left,shutting the door behind them. Lulu re-enters, settingthe lamp on the table. Hunidei follows.)LULU. Will you come to see me again? {Hunideistops her mouth. She looks upward in a sort of despair and shakes her head. Hunidei, putting his coat on, ap- proaches her grinning; she throws her arms around hisneck; he gently frees himself, kisses her hand, and turnsto the door. She starts to accompany hi?n, but he signsto her to stay behind and noiselessly leaves the room.golch and Alva re-enter.)LULU. ( Tonelessly.) How he has stirred me up!ALVA. How much did he give you?LULU. {As before.) Here it is! All! Take it! I'mgoing down again.SCHIGOLCH. We can still live like princes up here.ALVA. He's coming back.SCHIGOLCH. Then let's just retire again, quick.ALVA. He's after his prayer-book. Here it is. Itmust have fallen out of his coat.LULU. {Listening.) No, that isn't he. That's someone else.ALVA. Some one's coming up. I hear it quite plainly.LULU. Now there's some one tapping at the door.Who may that be?SCHIGOLCH. Probably a good friend he's recommendedus to. Come in! {Countess enters, in poorclothes, with a canvas roll in her hand.)GESCHWITZ. {To Lulu.) If I've come at a badtime, I'll turn around again. The truth is, I haven'tspoken to a living soul for ten I must just tell youright off, I haven't got any money. My brother neveranswered me at all.SCHIGOLCH. Your ladyship would now like to stretchher feet out under our table?LULU. {Tonelessly.) I'm going down again.GESCHWITZ. Where are you going in this pomp?—However, I come not wholly empty-handed. I bring you something else. On my way here an old-clothes manoffered me twelve shillings for it, but I could not forcemyself to part from it. You can sell it, though, if youwant to.SCHIGOLCH. What is it?ALVA. Let us see it. ( Ta canvas and unrollsit. Visibly rejoiced.) Oh, by God, it's Lulu's portrait!LULU. {Screaming.) Monster, you brought thathere? Get it out of my sight! Throw it out of thewindow!ALVA. {Suddenly with renewed life, deeply pleased.)Why, I should like to know? Looking on this picture Iregain my self-respect. It makes my fate comprehensibleto me. Everything we have endured gets clear as day.{ln a somewhat elegiac strain.) Let him who feels se- cure in his middle-class position when he sees these blos- soming pouting lips, these child-eyes, big and innocent,this rose-wF' body abounding in life,—let him cast thefirst stone at us!SCHIGOLCH. We must nail it up. It will make anexcellent impression on our patrons.ALVA. {Energetic.) There's a nail sticking all readyfor it in the wall.SCHIGOLCH. But how did you come upon this acqui- sition ?GESCHWITZ. I secretly cut it out of the wall in yourhouse, there, after you were gone.ALVA. TOO bad the color's got rubbed off round theedges. You didn't roll it up carefully enough. {Fastensit to a high nail in the wall.)SCHIGOLCH. It's got to have another one underneathif it's going to hold. It makes the whole flat look moreelegant. ALVA. Let me alone; I know how I'll do it. {Hetears several nails out of the wall, pulls off his left boot,and with its heel nails the edges of the picture to thewall.)SCHIGOLCH. It's just got to hang a while again, to getits proper effect. Whoever looks at that'll imagine after- wards he's been in an Indian harem.ALVA. {Putting on his boot again, standing upproudly.) Her body was at its highest point of devel- opment when that picture was painted. The lamp, kiddear! Seems to me it's got extraordinarily dark.GESCHWITZ. He must have been an eminently giftedartist who painted that!LULU. {Perfectly composed again, stepping beforethe picture with the lamp.) Didn't you know him, then?GESCHWITZ. No. It must have been long before mytime. I only occasionally heard chance remarks of yours,that he had cut his throat from persecution-mania.ALVA. {Comparing the picture with Lulu.) Thechild-like expression in the eyes is still absolutely thesame in spite of all she has lived thru since. {ln joyousexcitement.) The dewy freshness that covered her skin,the sweet-smelling breath from her lips, the rays oflight that beam from her white forehead, and this chal- lenging splendor of young flesh in throat and arms—SCHIGOLCH. All that's gone with the rubbish wagon.She can say with self-assurance: That was me once! Theman she falls into the hands of to-day 'll have no con- ception of what we were when we were young.ALVA. {Cheerfully.) God be thanked, we don'tnotice the continual decline when we see a person all thetime. {Lightly.) The woman blooms for us in the moment when she hurls the man to destruction for therest of his life. That is her nature and her destiny.SCHIGOLCH. Down in the street-lamp's shimmer she'sstill a match for a dozen walking spectres. The manwho still wants to make connections at this hour looksout more for heart-qualities than mere physical goodpoints. He decides for the pair of eyes from which theleast thievery sparkles.LULU. (Now as pleased as Alva,) I shall see ifyou're right. Adieu.ALVA. {ln sudden anger.) You shall not go downagain, as I live!GESCHWITZ. Where do you want to go?ALVA. Down to fetch up a man.GESCHWITZ. Lulu!ALVA. She's done it once to-day already.GESCHWITZ. Lulu, Lulu, where you go I go too.SCHIGOLCH. If you want to put your bones up forsale, kindly get a district of your own!GESCHWITZ. Lulu, I shall not stir from your side! Ihave weapons upon me.SCHIGOLCH. Confound it all, her ladyship plots tofish with our bait!LULU. You're killing me. I can't stand it here anymore. {Exit.)GESCHWITZ. You need fear nothing. I am with you.{Follows her.)ALVA. {Whimpering, throws himself on his couch.Schigolch swears, loudly and grumbling.) I guess there'snot much more good to expect on this side!SCHIGOLCH. We ought to have held the creature backby the throat. She'll scare away everything that breatheswith her aristocratic death's head. ALVA. She's flung me onto a sick-bed and larded mewith thorns outside and in!SCHIGOLCH. And she's still got enough strength inher body to do the same for ten men alright.ALVA. No mortally wounded man'll ever find thestab of mercy welcomer than I!SCHIGOLCH. If she hadn't enticed the acrobat to myplace that time, we'd have him round our necks to-daytoo.ALVA. I see it swinging above my head as Tantalussaw the branch with the golden apples!SCHIGLOCH. {On his mattr.)Won't you turn upthe lamp a little?ALVA. Can a simple, natural man in the wildernesssuffer so unspeakably?!— God, God, what have I made ofmy life!SCHIGOLCH. What's the beastly weather made of myulster! When I was five-and-twenty, I knew how tohelp myself!ALVA. It has not cost everyone my sunny, gloriousyouth!SCHIGOLCH. I guess it'll go out in a minute. Tillthey come back it'll be as dark in here again as in mother'swomb.ALVA. With the clearest consciousness of my purposeI sought intercourse with people who'd never read abook in their lives. With self-denial, with exaltation,I clung to the elements, that I might be carried to theloftiest heights of poetic fame. The reckoning was false,f. am the martyr of my calling. Since the death of myfather I have not written a single line!SCHIGOLCH. If only they haven't stayed together!.Nobody but a silly boy will go with two, no matter what. ALVA. They've not stayed together!SCHIGOLCH. That's what I hope. If need be, she'llkeep the creature off from her with kicks.ALVA. One, risen from the dregs, is the most cele- brated man of his nation; another, born in the purple,lies in the mud and cannot die!SCHIGOLCH. Here they come!ALVA. And what blessed hours of mutual joy increation they had lived thru with each other!SCHIGOLCH. They can do that now, for the first timerightly.—We must hide again.ALVA. I stay here.SCHIGOLCH. Just what do you pity them for?—Whospends his money has his good reasons for it!ALVA. I have no longer the moral courage to let mycomfort be disturbed for a miserable sum of money!wraps himself up in his plaid.)SCHIGOLCH. Noblesse oblige! A respectable man doeswhat he owes his position. (He left. Lulu opensthe door, saying "Come right in, and thereenters Prince Kungu Poti, heir-apparenta light suit, white spats, tan button-hoots, and a gray tallhat. His speech, interrupted with frequent hiccoughs,abounds with the peculiar African hiss-sounds.)KUNGU POTI. God damn—it's dark on the stairs!LULU. It's lighter here, sweetheart. (Pullingforward by the hand.) Come on!KUNGU POTI. But it's cold here, awful cold!LULU. Have some brandy?KUNGU POTI. Brandy? You bet—always! Brandy'sgood!LULU. (Giving him the bottle.) I don't know wherethere's a glass. KUNGU POTI. Doesn't matter. (Drinks.) Brandy!Lots of it!LULU. You're a nice-looking young man.KUNGU POTI. My father's the emperor of Uahubee.I've got six wives here, two Spanish, two English, twoFrench. Well—l don't like my wives. Always I musttake a bath, take a bath, take a bath. . . .LULU. How much will you give me?KUNGU POTI. Gold! Trust me, you shall have gold!One gold-piece. I always give gold-pieces.LULU. You can give it to me later, but show it to me.KUNGU POTI. I never pay beforehand.LULU. But you can show it to me, thoh!KUNGU POTI. Don't understand, don't understand!Come, Ragapsishimulara! ( Lulu round thewaist.) Come on!LULU. ( Defending herself with all her strength.)Let me be! Let me be! (Alva, who has risen pain- fully from his couch, sneaks up to Kungu Poti from he- hind and pulls him back by the collar.)KUNGU POTI. (Whirling round.) Oh! Oh! Thisis a murder-hole! Come, my friend, I'll put you tosleep! (Strikes him over the head with a loaded cane.Alva groans and falls in a heap.) Here's a sleeping- draught! Here's opium for )X)u! Sweet dreams to you!Sweet dreams! (Then he gives Lulu a kiss; pointingto Alva.) He dreams of you, Ragapsishimulara! Sweetdreams! (Rushing to the door.) Here's the door!!(Exit.)LULU. But I'll not stay here?!— Who can stand ithere now!— Rather down onto the street! (Exit. Schi- golch comes out.)SCHIGOLCH.—Blood!—Alva!—He's got to be put away somewhere. Hop!—Or else our friends 'll get a shockfrom him—Alva! Alva!—He that isn't quite clear aboutit—! One thing or t'other; or it'll soon be too late!I'll give him legs! ( Strikes match and sticks it intoAlva's collar. .. . ) He will have his rest. But noone sleeps here.— ( Drags him by the head into Lulu'sroom. Returning, he tries to turn up the light.) It'llbe time for me, too, right soon now, or they'll get nomore Christmas puddings down there in the tavern. Godknows when she'll be coming back from her pleasure tour!(Fixing an eye on Lulu's picture.) She doesn't under- stand business! She can't live off love, because her lifeis love.—There she comes. I'll just talk straight to heronce—{Countess Geschwitz enters.) ... If you want tolodge with us to-night, kindly take a little care that noth- ing is stolen here.GESCHWITZ. How dark it is here!SCHIGOLCH. It gets much darker than this.—Thedoctor's already gone to rest.GESCHWITZ. She sent me ahead.SCHIGOLCH. That was sensible.—If anyone asks forme, I'm sitting downstairs in the pub.GESCHWITZ. {After he has gone.) I will sit behindthe door. I will look on at everything and not quiveran eye-lash. {Sitson the broken chair.) Men andwomen don't know themselves—they know not what theyare. Only one who is neither man nor woman knowsthem. Every word they say is untrue, a lie. And theydo not know it, for they are to-day so and to-morrowso, according as they have eaten, drunk, and loved, or not.Only the body remains for a time what it is, and onlythe children have reason. The men and women are likethe animals: none knows what it does. When they are 4happiest they bewail themselves and groan, and in theirdeepest misery they rejoice over every tiny morsel. It isstrange how hunger takes from men and women thestrength to withstand misfortune. But when they havefed full they make this world a torture-chamber, theythrow away their lives to satisfy a whim, a mood. Havethere ever once been men and women to whom lovebrought happiness? And what is their happiness, savethat they sleep better and can forget it all? My God,I thank thee that thou hast not made me as these. lamnot man nor woman. My body has nothing commonwith their bodies. Have I a human soul? Torturedhumanity has a little narrow heart; but I know I deservenothing when I resign all, sacrifice all. . . . {Lulu opensthe door, and Dr. Hilti enters. unnoticed,remains motionless by the door.)LULU. ( Gaily.) Come right in ! Come!—you'll staywith me all night?DR. HILTI. ( His accent is very broad and flat.) ButI have no more than five shillings on me. I never takemore than that when I go out.LULU. That's enough, because it's you! You havesuch faithful eyes! Come, give me a kiss!begins to swear, in the broadest north-country voiuels.)Please, don't say that.DR. HILTI. By the de'il, 'tis the first time I've e'ergone with a girri! You can believe me. Mass, I hadn'tthought it would be like this!LULU. Are you married ?DR. HILTI. Heaven and Hail, why do you think lammarried?—No, I'm a tutor; I read philosophy at theUniversity. The truth is, I come of a very old countryfamily. As a student, I got just two shillings pocket- money, and I could make better use of that than forgirrls!LULU. So you have never been with a woman?DR. HILTI. Just so, yes! But I want it now. I gotengaged this evening to a country-woman of mine. She'sa governess here.LULU. Is she pretty?DR. HILTI. Yaw, she's got a hundred thousand.—Iam very eager, as it seems to me . . .LULU. ( Tossing back her hair.) I AM in luck!(Takes the lamp.) Well, if you please, Mr. Tutor?( They go into her room. Geschwitz draws a small blackrevolver from her pocket and sets it to her forehead.)GESCHWITZ.—Come, come,—beloved! {Dr. Hilti tearsopen the door again.—)DR. HILTI. {Plunging in.)lnsane seraphs! Someone's lying in there!LULU. {Lamp in hand, holds him by the sleeve.)Stay with me!DR. HILTI. A dead man! A corpse!LULU. Stay with me! Stay with me!DR. HILTI. {Tearing away.) A corpse is lying inthere! Horrors! Hail! Heaven!LULU. Stay with me!DR. HILTI. Where d'S it go out? {Sees Geschwitz.)And there is the devil!LULU. Please, stop, stay!DR. HILTI. Devil, devilled devilry!—Oh, thou eternal—(Exit.)LULU. {Rushing after him.) Stop! Stop!GESCHWITZ. {Alone, lets the revolver sink.) Better,hang! If she sees me lie in my blood to-day she'll notweep a tear for me! I have always been to her but the docile tool that could be used for the heaviest labor.From the first day she has abhorred me from the depthsof her soul.—Shall I not rather jump from the bridge?Which could be colder, the water or her heart? I woulddream till I was drowned.—Better, hang! Stab?—Hm, there would be no use in that How often have Idreamt that she kissed me! But a minute more; an owlknocks there at the window, and I wake up. Better,hang! Not water; water is too clean for me. (Startingup.) There!— There! There it is!— Quick now, beforeshe comes! ( Takes the plaid-straps from the wall, climbson the chair, fastens them to a hook in the door-post, putsher head thru them, kicks the chair away, and falls to theground.) Accursed life!— Accursed life!— Could it be be- fore me still??—Let me speak just once to thy heart, myangel! But thou art cold!—I am not to go yet! PerhapsI am even to have been happy once.—Listen to him,Lulu! lam not to go yet! (She drags herself beforeLulu s picture, sinks to her knees and folds her hands.)My adored angel! My love! My star!— Have mercyupon me, pity me, pity me, pity me!(Lulu opens the door, and Jack enters—a thick-setman of elastic movements, with a pale face, inflamed eyes,arched and heavy brows, a drooping mustache, thin im- perial and shaggy whiskers, and fiery red hands withgnawed nails. His eyes are fixed on the ground. Hewears a dark overcoat and a little round felt hat. En- tering, he notices Geschwitz.)JACK. Who is that?LULU. That's my sister. She's crazy. I don't knowhow to get rid of her.JACK. Your mouth looks beautiful.LULU. It's my mother's. JACK. Looks like it. How much do you want? Ihaven't got much money.LULU. Won't you spend the night with me here?JACK. No, haven't got the time. I must get home.LULU. You can tell them at home to-morrow thatyou missed the last 'bus and spent the night with a friend.JACK. How much do you want?LULU. I'm not after lumps of gold, but, well, a littlesomething.JACK. (Ttiming.) Good night! Good night!LULU. (Holds him back.) No, no! Stay, for God'ssake!JACK. ( Goes past Geschwitz and opens the cubicle.)Why should I stay here till morning? Sounds suspicious!When I'm asleep they'll turn my pockets out.LULU. NO, I won't do that! NO one will! Don'tgo away again for that! I beg you!JACK. How much do you want?LULU. Then give me the half of what I said!JACK. NO, that's too much. You don't seem to havebeen at this long?LULU. To-day is the first time. ( jerks backGeschwitz, on her knees still, half turned toward Jack,by the straps around her neck.) Lie down and be quiet!JACK. Let her alone! She isn't your sister. She isin love with you. ( Strokes Gehead like a dog's.)Poor beast!LULU. Why do you stare at me so all at once?JACK. I got your measure by the way you walked.I said to myself: That girl must have a well-built body.LULU. How can you see things like that?JACK. I even saw that you had a pretty mouth. ButI've only got a florin on me. LULU. Well, what difference does that make! Justgive that to me!JACK. ' But you'll have to give me half back, so I cantake the 'bus to-morrow morning.LULU. I have nothing on me.JACK. Just look, thoh. Hunt thru your pockets!—Well, what's that? Let's see it!LULU. ( Showing him.) That's all I have.JACK. Give it to me!LULU. I'll change it to-morrow, and then give youhalf.JACK. No, give it all to me.LULU. ( Giving it.) In God's name! But now youcome! ( Takes up the lamp.)JACK. We need no light. The moon's out.LULU. ( Puts the lamp down.) As you say.falls on his neck.) I won't harm you at all! I love youso! Don't let me beg you any longer!JACK. Alright; I'm with you. (Follows her into thecubby-hole. The lamp goes out. On the floor under thetwo sky-lights appear two vivid squares of moonlight.Everything in the room is clearly seen.)GESCHWITZ. (As in a dream.) This is the last even- ing I shall spend with these people. I'm going back toGermany. My mother'll send me the money. I'll go toa university. I must fight for woman's rights; studylaw. . . . (Lulu shrieks, and tears open the door.)LULU. ( Barefoot, in chemise and petticoat, holdingthe door shut behind her.) Help!GESCHWITZ. (Rushes to the door, draws her revolver,and pushing Lulu aside, aims it at the door. As Luluagain cries "HelpJ") Let go! (Jack, bent double, tearsopen the door from inside, and runs a knife into Gesch- witz's body. She fires one shot, at the roof, and fallswith suppressed crying, crumpling up. Jack tears herrevolver from her and throws himself against the exit- door.)JACK. God damn! I never saw a prettier mouth!(Sweat drips from his hairy face. His hands are bloody.He pants, gasping violently, and stares at the floor witheyes popping out of his head. Lulu, trembling in everylimb, looks wildly round. Suddenly she seizes the bottle,smashes it on the table, and with the broken neck inher hand rushes upon Jack. He swings up his right footand throws her onto her back. Then he lifts her up.)LULU. No, no!— Mercy!— Murder!— Police! Police!JACK. Be still. You'll never get away from me again.(Car ries her in.)LULU. (Within, right.) No!—No!—No! Ah!—Ah! . . .(After a pause, Jack re-enters. He puts the bowlon the table.)JACK. That was a piece of work! ( hishands.) I am a damned lucky chap! ( roundfor a tozvel.) Not even a towel, these folks here! Hell ofa wretched hole! (He dries his hands on Geschwitz's pet- ticoat.) This invert is safe enough from me! (To her.)It'll soon be all up with you, too. (Exit.)GESCHWITZ. (Alone.) Lulu!—My angel!— Let mesee thee once more! I am near thee—stay near thee—forever! (Her elboivs give way.) O cursed—!!(Dies.) CURTAIN". Volume I:Songs, Sighs and Curses. By AdolfWolff ...........................60c. The Diary of a Suicide. By Wallace E.Baker ...........................50c.The Azure Adder. By Charles Demuth...............................35c.Love of One's Neighbor. By LeonidAndreyev .........................35c.Des Imagistes. An Anthology.......50c.Erna Vitek. By Alfred Kreymborg.Volume II ....................All sold.Collects. By Horace Traubel........50c.Poems. By George Cronyn.Erdsreist. By Frank Wedekind.Pandora's Box. By Frank Wedekind.Hereafter all single copies will be50 cents.The subscription price per year is$3.00.