Bruno's Weekly 1 20 December 4th, MCMXV naaq_1915-12-04_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 20 Clara Tice Illustration 1 Untitled Image Illustration 2 The Old Church In the Village John Flavel Mines cre 2-4 Henry Ford — the American Guido Bruno cre 4-5 Children's Hour on the Square Grace Potter cre 6-7 Day and Night After the Bohemian of Jan Neruda, by Guido Bruno cre 7 This Week's Performances in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 8-9 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 9 Diplomats Illustration 10 Gnats D. Molby cre 10-11 Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics 11-12 In Our Village 12-14 Books and Magazines of the Week 14-15 Phantasies Heroichiro K. Myderco cre 15-16 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents December 4th, 1915 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 20i . December 4th, MCMXV Vol. 1 Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and editedand written by Guido Bruno, at 58 Washington Square, New YorkCity. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Clara Tice The Old Church In the Village John Flavel Mines "T'HERE is an old-fashioned Methodist Episcopal church atthe corner of Bedford and Morton streets, at whose sideI remember that long ago a quiet little burying-ground stretched.These sCrene and silent settlements of the dead have always had a strange fascination for me. Especially is this true of thehalf-forgotten nooks in old city by-ways where the men andwomen of a former generation sleep—those about whose livethang the romance of the days before I was born. I never pastthe greensward that softly roofs them in from our eyes thatI do not wish I could question them concerning the days inwhich they lived. Some one had told me that a half-centuryago, when a smaller church building occupied the sittf at Mortonand Bedford streets, the burial ground was more extensive,and I remembered that at one time it was more conspicuous;so I wtfit to my old friend, whose memory I knew to bewonderfully bright, and asked him how far back he couldrecall this old-time sanctuary of the disciples of John Wesley.His eyes twinkled triumphantly as he replied: "Why, I rememberwhen it was built. I attended with my mother the firstMethodist meetings here. We belonged to the Dutch Reformedchurch at the corner of Bleecker and West Tenth streets—it was Herring and Amos streets then—but we got drawninto the carpenter-shop that was the cradle of Methodism here?,and, praise to the Lord, I have been in the way ever since."It was the story of a city church that he told me the"n, andthis was also a story of the city's growth, though with thisdifference, that, unlike many another congregation, the peopleof old Bedford street church still hold the fort, and are asstrong as they were half a century ago.The first meetings of the Methodists of Greenwich Villagewere held at the house of Samuel Walgrove, on the north sideof Morton streeft, not far from Bleecker. Thence they weretransferred to this carpenter-shop, whose first floor was care- fully swept on Saturday afternoons, and arranged with benchesof rough lumber, so as to accommodate from fifty to sixtypersons. This was in 1808. It did not take long for this zealouslittle congregation to outgrow its limits and demand more room.Five lots were purchased at the corner of Bedford and Mortonstreets for $250 each, and there a church was built in 1810.It was a plain edifice, without steeple, blinds, or ornaments; itssides were shingled, and it was painted the color of cream.Two separate entrances led into the two aisles—one? for malesand the other for females. The sexes were kept rigidly apartfor years. They had a hard time? keeping the girls and boysapart after the galleries were built.The pulpit was a lofty pepper-box structure, that subse- quently went with the high-backed pews and other furnitureto decorate the interior of the church for colored people onWest Fifteenth street, wheft, in 1830, the old building was en- larged by an addition of six feet on the front and fourteenfeet on one of the sides, which made a singular exterior anda decidedly queer interior. Outside, Nature made some amends,through a row of poplars on the Morton street side and twocomely willows on Bedford street. But inside, all was bareand hard except around the altar space, which was carpeted.This, together with the placing of blinds at th£ pulpit windows, was an innovation that was stoutly resisted. It was inveighedagainst by the elders of the congregation as yielding to thepomps and vanities of the world. But the church prospered.John Nefwland Maffit, the famous revivalist, held # wonderfulgatherings in the old meeting-house (no one called it a churchthen), and in 1840, its membership of nine hundred had out- grown its former accommodations, and the present comfortableand commodious edifice was built, which still holds its ownin the? old Ninth Ward. Under the old church had been acellar in which cider was stored; under the new, the spacewas turned to better account in class-rooms and an amplelecture-room, where the old railing, at which so many thousandsof converts had knelt in the? days of Maffit and Rice, standsas a monument to past simplicity and power.It was in 1841 that the steamship, President sailed fromNew York, never to return. Among her passengers theRevereftd Mr. Cookman, father of the late Reverend John E.Cookman, D. D., pastor of the Bedford street church, and ofthe Reverend Alfred Cookman, famed in Methodist annals as aleader in the spiritual Israel. Henry Ford — the American Guido Bruno PORGET for a while what the newspapers have featured forthe last two weeks, and erase from your mind the fancifultales which sound so strange and unlikely emanated from themind of an American practical business man.Recollect all you know about the man himself.It is not what we do but what we are. Our actions are theexpressions of moods. Of impulses; they are the product ofwhat we wanted to do and what we had to do, influenced bythings out of our control.Think of Mr. Henry Ford, the man, of all the things he did;read the story of his life and you cannot but admire the mar- velous strength of one righteous and square man. And thensit down all by yourself and try to get at the bottom of allthis peac£ ship business of his.Are we really living in an age where man's work is notmeasured by its actual value? Are sentiment and all the wonder- ful emotions of our hearts, as they are magnanimity,generosity and chivalry incomprehensible to us, because theyare the kernel of the fruit, because deeds and interviews andstories are the shell, and because the whole is wrapped up innewspaper ?Mr. Ford is rich, and he was poor. He was a workingmanand now he is the employer of thousands; he was insignificant,and now he amounts to a whole lot. As workingman he livedin close community with hundreds and thousands of otherswho had to solve the problem of life . . . he knows life.As employer he had to create living conditions for thous- ands and thousands of men. He knew their lives, because WWW—B—————iMMMWWMMW————(aMWB————Ban—BaaintjaawwMßMtMtMMMMiaMßWtt'BaaMnwaMta&amp;wwaßMuaaM)'^——iMWii; they came to him with their problems and with their worries.All nationalities and all race?s came to him, and he had tomeet them on equal terms, as men ... he knows men.Responsibility for others makes big-hearted. His self-con- sciousness never left him, that he simply had succeeded whileothers did not. The manufacturer who employs thousands offamily-fathers is daily called upon to prevent tears and sorrows;widows and orphans are daily visitors to his offices and to hisheart.These tears and sorrows which struggling Europe's womeftand children offer to war-clouded heaven, a cold neutralworld as a spectator, moved Henry Ford.Europe is not very far from America, it cannot be in theheart of Henry Ford. From Europe, mostly, came the menwho helped him to build up the work of his life; from Europecame most of the men whom he helped on their hard roadto establish a new home in the country of their choice1, toestablish families, to become citizens of the United States.Verily, not far is Europe from America in the heart of HenryFord, whose automobiles made an important factor in the cityand country life of the whole European continent as well as ofhis own country.\Henry Ford feels that to be above all nationality hatred, anddiscrimination, means to be an American.Success today brings financial returns. Money—a whole lotof money—means distinction before the entire world. HenryFord was and is a working man. Money to him, is synonomouswith success. Money, as commodity, doesn't mean very much tohim. He always in the past, was willing to share his successand his money with his help-mates. He used it to dry tears, tolessen worries, to contribute his share to insure healthy futuregenerations.And now in this gigantic disturbance which causes terriblechanges in millions of families, he is the one and only indi- vidual who dares to cry out: "Everything I have will I giveaway if I can help to stop the further killing of sons of mothers,of adding orphans to the millions of fatherless children."And while the? papers are going on to fill their columns withfantastic stories and feed their readers with calculations whichtranslated into reality are—and how sad it is—just as fantasticas the crusades against the evil spirit of yore, I see the bigman, who dares, in the face' of the whole onlooking world,to voice his sorrow, his pain—who dares to follow the impulseof his heart, even at the expense of his worldly possessions; aman who dares to say that to be American means a little bitmore than to wav£ the American flag and to speak English.The voice of the heart is never raised in vain. Good will comefrom this undertaking of Mr. Ford, and even if we do notknow quite yet—as he does not himself . . . how? Children's Hour on the Square Grace Potter IN Washington Square? Park at Children's Hour are found fourdistinct classes of children. Not that they keep apartall the time, bless you no. The democracy of the place blendsthem into groups which know ve"ry little of class. First thereare the exceedingly well-groomed, perfectly-clad, governess- attended little ones of the old aristocracy of New York. Thesechildren come of families who refuse to move away from theSquare where their fathers were born, and their fathers beforethem, and so on back to early Dutch days. These little onesare sturdy, good-looking children who spend a large? part ofevery day out-doors.Then come the children of the painters, sculptors, and writersiwho have made of Greenwich Village around Square ahAmerican Latin Quartier. Of course, in books artists are sup- posed to have no children. In the few cases where books admitsuch accidents have happened the great artist deserts them, orat the very least neglects them. But the youngsters ofNew York's Latin Quartier look anything but neglected. Whatmarks them off from all the rest is the unconventionality whichthey have learned from their parents in the way of playthings,manners, clothes—and spontaneity. The children of artists—onefamous sculptor in MacDougal Alley, has seven—have a beliefin themselves and a daring in starting new games and newfriendships which is a little beyond even the usual freedom ofchildren. Perhaps it is they who make use of the park morehours a day than any of the children except those very poorestones who cannot stay at home on account of heat in summerand cold in winter, and disease-breeding conditions all the time.Sometimes the? Quartier children are with a governess, but thisis most unusual. Oftener they are with their mother or olderbrothers or sisters, if indeed their independence is not assuredso that they need no attendant. One writer father comes him- self three times a week to look after his little brood of three."T get more copy per square inch in th,e Park than anywhereelse in New York," he says. The artist's children are morepicturesque as to clothes than any of their Theirgarments do not conform to style at all, but are quaint withindividuality and in the vivid colors which children like to wearand grown-ups adore to look at.Then come the American-born children of Italian parents.These are very numerous. They are very beautiful children,blending Italian inheritance with American culture. The mellow- ness of Italy is in their eyes; the rose and olive of Italy arein their complexions; their hair is soft and often wavy. Goodfood and decent living accommodations together with the phy- sical care which America has taught them have developed andaccentuated all the Italian charms which in the home-land toooften are lost in the earliest years. When they grow up, besidebeing much better looking, they will be heavier, taller, and moreintelligent than their peasant forebears. Last are the; Italian immigrant children. Oh, the eager hungryeyes of them, the groping, searching minds! And the faith. the faith in ''the land of the free and the home of thebravfi." They are in the promised land of all good, and allddight, ready to learn what the land will teach them, and sure—•so sure that it will be good for them. They are smaller for theirage than their cousins who were born here, and they arethinner, too, and child-gaunt with poor food. Also they areragged and dirtier and more' odorous of garlic. But they scorehere—they know more music than any youngster of their ownage, born in America. In Italy it is against the law for anyinstrument not in tune to be played on the public streets. TheItalians do not wish the e'ars of their children corrupted, northe ears of the elders disgusted with inharmony. So they makelaws to protect their music-sense. Italy loves music, childrenare used to it from the time they sense anything at all. Theappreciation of the little Italian kids for the Diamond Discrecords is the most enthusiastic and critical in the Park. Whenthe music begins and fascinated children of all clarses clusterin evet-growing groups to listen before the dancing begins, thelittle American aristocrats, the Quartier children, and Italian-American alike, call in excited whispers: "Guiseppe, tell mewhat is _ this piece?" "'Nita, what is the song now?""Margherita, tell us what ope'ra's this from!"Have you been down to Children's Hour? It doesn't matterthat you're a grown-up lady or a big man. You can come justthe same. You'd love it! Day and Night After the Bohemian of Jan Neruda, by Guido Bruno "THEY were sitting close together in the glow of the settingsun—the Day and the Night.Said the Day: "Twenty-four children . . . It is awonderful blessing—too great a blessing! How shall wedivide them between us? Twelve for you and twelve for me?That would be good only for a short time. Then, weakwoman, you would be weary of them. But listen to me,woman! When the summer begins I shall take charge ofthe greater part. I'll also pour rain over them and let looseall my storms and let the thunder shake them. Childrenshould be handled .roughly once in a while. It doesn't harmthem. They'll grow strong and I'll enjoy them so much better."The Night did not answer, but as the sun arrayed herselfin mourning attire in passing the heavens. Father Day hadwrapped Autum fog about his shoulders like a heavy dresswith a long train. He was in bad humor and he droppedunconsciously one child after another. But Mother Night wasthere and picked them up lovingly.And when the Winter came with long darkness and ravag- ing snowstorms she gathered them all in her arms and wascaressing them from morning until evening. This Week's Performances in CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre For the first time before an American public, will appearDorothy Gillette a pianist well-known in Buffalo and Rochester,and who desires to enter upon a concert care'er in New York.Miss Gillette is earning at present her livelihood by teaching,but has appeared also as accompanist. Her program is a Chopinselection and includes "Nocturne in F Major," "Harp Etude,Op. 25, No. 1," and "Wind Etudtf, Op. 25, No. 11."The outbreak of the war prevented the European career ofMiss Malvina Harlan Shanklin, who had her debut in the Aeo- lian Hall, in London, and was forced on account of the Europeanconditions to return to America. She aims to become the inter- preter of operatic music on the concert stage. Among the balladsand songs she will sing this week is the beautiful "Songs MyMother Taught Me," by Anton Dvorak, the eminent Bohemiancomposer.Charles Keeler, known to the readers of Bruno's Weekly fromvarious poems and short stories he has written for the pagesof this journal, will recite' a selection of his own poems, h(isdance rhythms with musical accompaniment. This selectionincludes his "Enchanted Forest" music by Bertha Remick, and"The Vampire," music by Emil Rhoda, which won fame on theLiterary Day at the Panama-Pacific Exposition, and have notbeen heard in the East. Mr. Keeler will also recite a few ofhis "Elfin Songs of Sunland," his beautifully drastic children'ssongs and nursery rhymes.Dr. Harold Addison, well-known and very successful in hisprofession, will follow the voice of his heart, abandon hispresent profession and devote his life exclusively to music.Dr. Addison, who has an exceptional bass voice, never beforehas appeared on a public stage, with the exception of occasionalcharitable concerts. He has been studying for a number of yearsand finally decided to begin upon a musical career. He willsing from Mozart's Magic Flute "In diesen heiligen Hallen,"Germain's "Rolling Down to Rio," and Gounod's "Serenade,"from Faust. Pandora C. E. LeMassena's three act operetta Pandora has been ac- cepted by Charles Edison for performance at his Little ThimbleTheatre, New York. The production will be under the manage- ment of Guido Bruno and the music under the direction of thecomposer. There will be a chorus of children and the principalparts will be taken by artist pupils. The performances will begiven on the evenings of December 16th, 17th, and 18th, and amatinee on the 20th.There are seventeen musical numbers in the score, and thecast calls for eighteen speaking parts in addition to the fourprincipals and chorus. The scene is laid in Greece during the Golden Age period, in the house of Epimetheus. The bookis founded on Hawthorne's story "The Paradise of Children,"which, however, has been much enlarged in regard to both plotand action. The role of Pandora will be sung by Kathryn Viley,a young soprano of Kansas City, Mo. Miss Viley is a de- scendant from a long line of famous ancestors, among whomwere four Governors of Kentucky, the noted Governor Shelbyhaving been her great-great-great-grandfather. John C.Brepkenridge, Vice-president of the Confederacy during theCivil War, was another near relative. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska Paris, November, 10th. RETIRED and laborious life was that of Henri Fabre, thepoet-naturalist, who has also been cheated from witnessingthe issue of the war he deplored without attempting to justifyit as did Gourmont. There are no books of romance more"exciting" than Fabre's descriptions of insect life, and whichwould have remained practically unknown to the public withoutM. Maeterlinck's discovery and proclamation only a very fewyears ago. Henri Fabre died at the age of ninety-two in hisdistant Provencal home, which he' never condescended to leavein quest of honours or recognition, but where these eventually,and rather to his dismay, sought him out when he had lefteighty years and a proud array of writings well behind him.The third of the literary trio to die in October was M.Camille de Sainte Croix, a Shakespeare specialist. His namewill be remembered in connexion with his staging of theElizabethan's works, accomplished with the taste due toerudition, and which invariably aroused the admiration of con- noisseurs. Born in 1859, he had devoted the greater part of hiscareer to polemistic journalism. He also leaves some novels,stories, plays, verse, and art criticisms."To help to disperse the false reputation of 'French novels'in England" is one of the objects of the Anglo-French literarybureau founded by M. Sebastien Voirol, the simultaneiste poet,in view of providing a link between English writers and theirconfreres in France. To these and to those it proposes tosupply professional information and to bring them into contactwith each other when desired or desirable, and as far aspossible with regard to "affinities." The unwritten, but as Iam assured, practised clause': "no Germans," brings the enter- prise into line with the existing preoccupations of the majority.The Bureau, whose headquarters are at 29 Rue Vineuse, Paris,is founded on a basis of reciprocity, members and adherents"being expected to help each other. Extract from a letter to"The Egoist," London. Diplomats Gnats By D. Molby A GNAT is usually very nearsighted or else blind. He hasno business going out at night. If he does he is likelyto be lured to his moral and physical ruin. Indeed, thechances are that he will never wake on the morning after hijfirst night out. Some bat will get him or he' will see a firesome'where and be sucked right into it like smoke into a flue. Alight at night is something the poor gnat cannot resist. It ichis instinct to go and, see what it is, and by the time he findsout his wings are so scorched and his lungs so full of smok£that he can't come out. Nobody is there to so much as touchthe tip of his tongue with cold water. He is consumed intorment and his little soul set free.Gnats have been in the! world for millions of years, but firehas not, except when the lightning struck a dead tree. So inthose days about the only way a gnat could get killed was to flyinto somebody's eye. It is hard to think that a gnat woulddo this. If he had a lick of sense he would know that afterhe has been rolled around for two minutes he will be a hope- less wreck. No gnat in his right mind would thus plungehimself into the great unknown.Since flint was discovered and womefn began to cook, the gnat population of the world has fallen off something awful,until it is a matter of science that if steps are not taken so thateverything is done by electricity, within fifty years evety lastgnat will be gone except the ones in the museums and zoos. Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics MRS: BELMONT TIFFANY, one of the dozen really ultra- fashionable women of the Washington Square neighbor- hood, is not to return to the house No. 63 West Ninth Street,which she has been occuping for many winters, but is now atClifton Berley, Staten Island, the Sir Roderick Cameron estate,later in the season to move up into an apartment in the upperPark Avenue fashionable quarter. It had bc'en a cause ofwonderment to society people for years, how a daughter ofthe late Sir Roderick Cameron, and a member of the wealthyestate", which owns the Cameron building at Madison Avenueand 34th Street and Clifton Berley, the largest landed estate onStaten Island, could content herself to pass her winters in amediocre little house in West 9th Street almost over to the SixthAvenue "Dead Line."A peculiar distinction shared by none of the grande dames ofWashington Square North, is that enjoyed by Mrs. Willis-Frostof No. 44 Fifth Avenue. Her portrait is painted on the wallsof the National Capitol Building at Washington. Her likenessforms one of a historical group depicted just prior to GovernorTilden's Presidential debacle, at the time when her husband,Hon. Benjamin E. Willis, of this city, was at the height of hisfame as a lawyer and member of Congress. Mrs. Willis-Frost,who married again several years after the death of CongressmanWillis, was the beautiful and fascinating Lillie MacCauley, thesister of Mrs. Cortlandt Schuyler Van Rensselaer, who formerlylived on West 11th Street. A large portrait of Mrs. Willis-Frosthung for a great many years in a loan collection of picturesin our Metropolitan Museum of Art. At the present hour,Mrs! Willis-Frost is more specially pointed out as the motherof the handsome suffragist, Portia Willis, who seems to havtinherited a double portion of her father, the late Congress- man Benjamin E. Willis' eloquence' and is one of the mostgraceful and convincing speakers on the roster of The Cause.If the Suffragists will once for all, relegate detrimentals andfrumps to the background, no matter how perfectly their logicalfaculties work, and advance such handsome and brilliant womenas Portia Willis, Mr.s Norman Whitehouse, Mrs. Philip M.Lydig, Mrs. Moffat McClury and Mrs. Leonard M. Thomas, thesooner will Mrs. Oliver H. P. Belmont see the fruition of herfondest hopes. The amount of influence that the courtlv andelegant Mrs. Maude Howe Elliot, the daughter of julia WardHowe has wielded in Newport alone, for The Cause is reallyincalculable. Legislators and men in general are more easilyswayed by female beauty, brilliancy and wit, than by the vulgarflare of a woman's naked understanding. Count Tamburini, of Florence, Italy, court painter to theKing of Italy, has moved down from the Beaux Arts Studioswith his efxceedingly pretty Countess and is located at No. 48West 12th Street. He has lately painted what several critic*characterize as "the best likeness of Cardinal Farley."One of the handsomest and most distinguished of our hostessesin this neighborhood Madame Fara Forni, of No. 43 FifthAvenue?, wife of the Italian Consul-General, is also Italian.Madame Fara Forni was Miss Fabricotti, of a noble and wealthyFlorentine family, her parents removing to this city more thantwenty-five years ago and living on lower Fifth Avenue, andalways identified with the really efxclusive society of the Metro- polis.A number of our neighborhood fashionables as well as thereverend clergy—the latter are certainly judges of good living—are drifting into the scrupulously but unpretentious a-la- carte oyster and chop house of Dick the Oysternian, at 64 EastBth Street, near Broadway. The cooking is all done on arotisserie in full view. If one could make a tour of inspectionof the kitchens and butlet's pantries of certain bargain table d'hote places in various parts of the town, one would almost needan antidote for nausea. In Our Village Charles Barney, a long-time resident of Patchin Place, justreturned to the Village after an excursion into apartment- house life with steam heat and e'evator service. Barneyhas abandoned his writing for the time1 being and is devotinghimself to the"house beautiful," correcting the bad tastesof people who have the means to employ other people's tasteto make thetaselves appear artistic inside their four walls. Hisrooms on Washington Place are a little castle in blue and tan,and his dressing-gowns match his curtains, his curtains match thetapestry, the tapestry the furniture, the furniture the carpet,and the carpet, Barney's ne'cktie, and the necktie is chosen care- fully to match his eyes. He prefers roses from somewhere inIndiana to kinds grown anywhere else, and therefore, thatominous box arrives efvery morning.Talking about flowers, the letter carrier, who stops for a whilesometimes to talk to me, told me about a chap who receivesevery Sunday morning, a special delivery box of flowers fromsomefwhere up the state, and who is always out at the time themessenger calls. They have at present a dozen or so boxesin the post office, and I would suggest that this unappreciativereceiver of the fragile and fragrant gifts would make out anordefr to send the contents of his Sunday boxes—for which heevidently doesn't care—to some hospital or somewhere elsewhere they would be appreciated.Mrs. General Davis, who was a daily visitor of the Square,and whose white poodle, Pfiffy, was the' well-loved playmate of the kids on the Square, is being very much missed. Pfiffydied—the poor thing—a natural death, and according to histhorough breeding the death of the exclusive: apoplexy.Tom Sleeper, who contributes frequently to the columns ofBruno's Weekly, is a man, and not the pseudonym of a womanas suggested in an inquiry by one of our readers. Bruno's Garret Mr. Waugh's exhibition of black and white pen drawings andcolor sketches, which created a good deal of comment andcuriosity about the? artist himself, will be open to thie publicduring this coming week.Saturday afternoon and Monday evening is open house andeverybody who wishes to come is heartily invited.Mr. Charles Keeler will deliver a course of le?ctures on "TheArt Principles in their Relation to Life," the first to take placeon Monday, the 13th of December, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.Admission only by ticket, and all those who are interested pleasewrite for further information.Frank Harris will spend the winter in the Village. He? hasjust moved into his newly rented quarters, in No. 3 WashingtonSquare, the studio building which was the abode of many notedmen and women.Edwin Elisha Cole, painter and illustrator, designed the posterfor this year's National Flower Show in Philadelphia. Mr.Cole is an old resident of the Square.Mr. Anthony Euwer, who was heard a few weeks ago in theThimble Theatre in a recitation of his Oregon poems, announcesan exhibition of pastels and water colors of the Hood RiverValley in Oregon, at his studio, 59 East Fifty-ninth street, fromone until six on the afternoons of December, sixth, seventh,eigth and December thirteenth and fourteenth.Bernard P. Sexton, "Gray Wolf," revives in his studio, No. 3Washington Square, the old and lost art of story telling."In gone by it was the custom for the wanderingbard and minstrel to sit by the fireside in the evening and tellstories. The history of the race is interwoven with those longnights by the fire when myth, song and story lifted the visionof men to that other and nobler world created by poets andartists from primeval times. The telling of stories is now almosta lost art, but out of it grew the long and splendid traditionof poetry and song. We should greatly revive that traditionto-day. Those who are interested in the power of the spokenword may be glad to know that it is now possible to havestories to children and grown-ups by one with a longexperience in the art and that there is a story man who goesabout from one fireside to another delighting to tell stories tothe children and their friends. This man will come at anyhour and to any place to answer the call of childhood, and it is his delight to spre&amp;d the fairy carpet of romance, takinghis listeners away for a time to the enchanted lands of adventureand poetry." Books and Magazines of the Week Der Sturm, the organ of the futurists in painting, poetryand drama of Germany, will be issued only once a monthas long as the war lasts. It is the only German periodicalreaching our table that does not contain reflections upon thewar, war poetry, or condemnations of the enemy. It followsfn a quiet and steady way the course it has pursued since Itstarted publication. While it co-operated with French artistsbefore the outbreak of the war and had quarters in Partssimilar to those in Berlin, it opened since December last ad- ditional headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. Mr. Walden,its editor, writes to me that he would be pleased to sendsample copies of his periodical upon request and mention ofBruno's Weekly. He of the Goose Quill Cowley Stapleton Brown, late editor of the Goose Quill,one of the exquisite literary chap books of the Nineties, andat present managing-editor of the Ten-Story Book in Chicago,will write a literary miscellany of Chicago and WesternAmerica for "Bruno's Weekly." Cowley Brown is a criticof repute, fearless in his convictions and known in Englandfor his publication of the Anti-Philistine, one of the mostoriginal little magazines ever produced in Great Britain. Anthology of Magazine Verse for 1915 Th,e third annual issue of William Stanley Braithwaite's"Anthology of Magazine Verse for 1915 and Year Book ofAmerican Poetry," was published by Messrs. Gomme andMarshall on October fifteenth, and is the one indispensable bookof poems that every lover and student of American poetry shouldpossess.It gives one hundred of the best poems published in Americaduring the These poems are by American poets, thosewho have written equally as good work as that of the popularand well-known ones, and by newly-discovered poets. Theworks of sixty-five are represented. Burglars' Gazette Here is a new magazine again—a very small one, published byits editor, Earl H. Emmons. This is from the preface of theeditor:"In presenting this, the initial number of the Burglars' Gazette,we do so with the sole ambition of giving a practical, helpful andlive service journal to a trade which we have investigated andHrvere astonished to find unrepresented in the publishing field.The Burglars' Gazette will have as its purpose to give the bestservice possible to the trade by publishing news of successful health hints, classified departments—where those in the trademay make known their wants—and in fact any other good thingsunder the heading of "Service," which comes to our attention.We shall strenuously object to any tendency to practice ourdoctrines in securing subscription® to this publication." Martyrs or Criminals Martyrs or criminals, an unmoral analysis of a celebratedcase, by Theodore Sch,roeder, appeared at Hillacre, Conn., inpamphlet form. The McNamara Brothers Case and the dynamit- ing of the Los Angeles Times Building are exploited in the lightof a new lantern, by the author. Turner's "Much Ado" To be appreciated, one has to go to strange countries. One'sown surroundings do not appreciate the prophet of a new creedor the apostle of a new art. Benjamin De Casseres, knownof course, and highly esteemed by the small group of his friendshere, had to be "discovered"—as far as such discoveries count—by no less a person than Remy de Gourmont, who translatedsome of his most significant works and published them in the"Mercure de France." Much Ado, this thriving literary journalof St. Louis, counts Mr. De Casseres among its regular con- tributors and has, therefore, the distinction of being the pioneerfor the Eastern poet. Phantasies By Heroichiro K. Myderco Woman is made to please us. Woman is made to beautifythe drab existence of the earth. Woman is made to loveman. And, yet, lamentable is the fact, that never pleaseus, beautify the world, nor love us. What, are they incapableof all thfllse simple, missions bestowed upon them by theAugust Heaven? The tragefdy of woman is that she lives withus. Exotic Music I AM a king of sorrow. I live alone wistfully since my beauti- ful queen left me with her lover. Soul Is my faithfulservant: he alone obeys me. The wall of my castle is as thickas a china; Soul polishes its seven windows every day. Today,Soul broke the red crystal of the western window. The piecesfell down upon the ground and changed into stars, the starssung as they flew heavenward.Outside, in the broad white road, I hear the countless num- bers of footsteps.Someone opens the gate ; the rusty hinges cry like a child. Ilisten and hear the dark riotous uproar of surging mobs. Theflood of heavy foot-steps breaks into the court, the ancientsilence is disturbed. Someone touches the cage of my parrot, the bird sheds her curses and the people's lusty laughter sinksinto my heart. A cart carries away a marble statue, its wheelsthunder upon the silver bridge; then, it creeps the spiral wayupward to the cloud. Goblets clink against the colossal wine- cask. The fumes of wine disgust me. They come. Th£tapestry is torn by a violent hand; the fist is caught in themess of the golden threads and bleeds. I draw my sword andsmite the air threte times, each time the air sings like a nightin- gale. I stand and face the mobs, their tongues wag and theirfaces wince. Vision of blood fills my brain. I shout. Theyretreat. The victory is mine.Slowly Soul comes back to me. He is followed by the re- morseful Body and my capricious beautiful queen. My heartis heavy with sorrow, but, in this world of woven karma, Imust forgive them all.I lean over my dais and bade them dance in silence. Thequeen, Body and Soul twirl around me, and where their feettouched, a pale violet springs up as in a magic. They bow.I sheath my sord.The voices and foot-steps of the mobs become as faint as asolitary monologue of a monk. Then, it snows. The darksilence.Was it a Chopin? Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno "But there is a corner in this restaurant—one of those quietcorners. You remember the year we were in Paris together?How lopg it seems. You remember the Chat Noir in Rue dePoissoniere? You remember that little corner where we usedto sit and tell one another the aims and dreams of our lifeand some hurried music was playing and some girls weresinging in shrill voices chants we did not listen to? Would youlike to accompany me tonight? Oh, let us be young again. Letus be again like we were in those happy years. Let's tellbeautiful stories or better, forget money matters, forget busi- ness and let me tell you of the Miracle I saw and its strangeand beautiful tale."They passed on into the brilliantly illuminated operatingroom where two nurses were just preparing bandages and put- ting cotton in brown linen covers. Courtland wrote a fewwords on a piece of paper, put the paper in an envelope, sealedthe envelope and handed it to one of the nurses."I won't be back until tomorrow morning," he said. "Ifthere should be anything very important, you may open thisenvelope and send a messenger to the address enclosd. But onlyin case ofan emergency."They slipped into their coats, took their hats and waited awhile until the elevator appeared and carried them down to theentrance of the big building. The street was dark and only a few tired men and women were hastening to the"L" stationafter their hard day's work. They passed through the sidestreet to the brilliantly-lighted boulevard. Groups of men andwomen were standing near the big hotels. They were talkingexcitedly. Now they arrived at the boulevards. Screamingvoices of little newsboys sounded on the night air. Everyoneseemed to stop and buy a paper."All about the big disaster. Hundreds killed. Four hundredmissing."Courtland bought a paper. He looked at it and studied thefirst page. He saw the big red lines. He read of the bigsteamer that had sunken near the port. There was a pictureon the first page. He happened to pass a brilliantly-lightedjewelry store window. He halted to read the paper.Kenneth looked over his shoulder. Courtland studied thepicture. He grasped for his friend's support.And Kenneth looked at the wonderfully placid features of awoman with big eyes—the cruel and hard reproduction of theblack-on-red printed newspaper could not take away a sublimetouch in her face.Courtland was staring with wide opened eyes over the news- paper in the dicertion of the black lake. Kenneth read a linein small type under the picture. It was Maude Margin, the wifeof one of the missing men, recently returned from her summerhome in Michigan. He remembered mechanically the few lineshe had read on the social page of a daily paper the day before,that Mrs. Maude Margin had come to open her Chicago resi- dence, expecting her husband home after an extended trip toEurope.Kenneth had hailed a taxicab and assisted his friend, whoacted like a tired child, to his seat. He gave the driver theaddress of his home in the remote suburb, Kenneth also main- tained a suite of rooms at his club but he did not choose to ex- pose Courtland to the comment of the members or visitorslounging in the big clubroom and talking, perhaps at that verytime, about the most exciting topic of the day.Courtland was sitting apathetically in the corner. His eyesstared without expression at a little mirror opposite the seats.They passed Michigan Boulevard and brilliantly-lighted hotelswhere glasses, silver, white shining damask of napkins andtable-clothes glittered in the light of dainty electric table lamps,substituting old-fashioned candlesticks and wax candles. In theexquisitely-furnished foyers of theatres gentlemen in eeningdress mingled with ladies in gowns with diamonds and pearlsand big cameos. READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS52 Issues One Dollar Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guid* Brunc, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:11 p. m.Thursday,3 p. m.Friday,t:lf p. at• p. m.Saturday, l:N p.8:1« p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage of the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Aak or write far ticket of admission to Thei ..y, ? j ; * /LiHlc Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge. Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down mpoca tkt SwwRrrtr," "My OU Kanhiekj Hmw,""OU Folks at Home." Do youknow that tluey wore erwlol iumlwritten by Slipba Collia* Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?Come to tho Matinee on Thursday at 3 P. M.