Bruno's Weekly 1 22 December 18th, MCMXV naaq_1915-12-18_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 22 Ilonka Katasz Illustration 1 Letter with Sketch by Remington, as it appeared in Mr. Madigan's Late "Autograph." Illustration 3 Henry James In Greenwich Village H. C. Bunner cre 3-5 Cloud Ships A-sailing G. G cre 6 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 6-7 Dead Men's Eyes Guido Bruno cre 8-9 Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics 9-11 In Our Village 11-12 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-15 An Ode To Spring Tom Sleeper cre 15 Babies' Thoughts D. Molby cre 15-16 Jenny Lind's "Inflammatus"—Stabat Mater 17 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents December 18th, 1915 TO YOU, GENTLE READER:If you do not happen to be a subscriber andyou wish to receive the next issue of Bruno'sWeekly, send one dollar. Today.After January first, the subscription price willbe two dollars.Guido Bruno in His Garret, Situated at58 Washington Square, South, N. Y C. BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square NO. 22 DECEMBER 18th, MCMXV Vol, 1 Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Ilonka Katasz Letter with Sketch by Remington, as it appeared in Mr.Madigan's Late "Autograph." Henry James In Greenwich Village H. C. Bunner. To me it has always seemed that there tc one class in NewYork that sits guard over a past full of romantic andquaint color. This is what I suppose must be called, conventionally,the Knickerbocker class—not those uncommonly proud Vansand Vanders who stalk loftily through Mr. Augustin Daly'sAmerican vaudevilles from the German, but the agreeable re?licsof the simple provincial society of two generations ago. Aclass not unthrifty, not extravagant, yet not well fitted tomake or to hoard money, the!y live in a golden mean of com- fort, perhaps even in an atmosphere of mild luxury, on theborders of the world of fashion. They know little of Kensing- ton stitch or of Eastern-woven portieres: their parlors areupholstered in damask and their bed-rooms in chintz. Theyire outdazzled by the glare and glitter with which the newerfolk of vaster fortunes surround themselves. Living mostlyupon the rentals of shops and warehouses built upon whatwere onc£ their country-places, they draw year by year moreclosely to themselves, forming a sort of little Faubourg St.Germain, a colony of their own, among a faster-going people who respect them and despise their surroundings. It is acolony of romantic old beaux and faded old bdles; whereyoung faces are rare, and To-day somehow seems Halfyesterday.This is the world which interested Mr. Hefnry James when hewrote "Washington Square." But Mr. Jamefs had but a mildaesthetic sympathy with it; and, in fact, his Washington Squaremight as well have been the smokiest of sparrow-hauntedLondon parks as that fair old spot that was once the Potter'sField, and then the Parade Ground, and where, for many years,old Pop Willis (a brother of the poet, and he was proud ofit) ruled, majestic and many-buttoned, over nurse-maids andgrass-plot-invading children.Truly, it were but a dull life to chronicle now, but it hadits youth. You may listen to some? gracious and garrulous oldlady, with hair in puffs whiter than her widow's cap, purringover her reminiscences, until fancy begins to mimic memory,and to vivify for you some few hours of the dead days; and youalmost believe that you yourself were at that fine; party inChambers street, where they had tea and cakes for the ladies,and sherry,—no, sherry-wine, if you please?,— and where thegentlemen wrote verses in their hostess' album. And you maysee the gentle old gossip, a bright blue-eyed girl, with brownhair done up in a knot ala Grecque high on her pretty nape; youmay see her tie her fleecy hood under her chin, when tefno'clock strikes, and set out with mamma and papa—no "mommer"and "popper" then, the? gods be thanked!—for her home inGreenwich Village or Chelsea, to lay her innocent head uponher pillow and blush in her dreams with thinking of thatyoung man whose hair was curly, whose cheeks were red,whose black satin stock could not dim the glory of the New- gate collar, which the old people thought rakish and scarcelyChristian.Is this harking back too far ? Go up to the Latin Quarterof New York, between Fourth and Thirteefnth streets andSixth and Second avenues. Go into any street and pick out thefamily mansion that was once the pride of the block. It isnow a cheap lodging-house?. Clinched with nails are the greatmahogany folding-doors that in the old years were neverclosed between room and room. In the parlor tinkles andcrashes a cheap grand piano, where once stood Gertrude'sinlaid Broadwood—the? little spinet-like affair over which herlover leaned when she played—the Battle of Prague, was it?Upstairs is her own room, where she stood, now white andred, in that awful five minutes before they called her downto be wed, while her mother strained her to her heart inconvulsive embraces, and then held he?r off at arm's length,lest a tear should fall on the snowy satin. There is a youngcouple to-night in the room that was so dainty then, that isso shabby now. A young couple from England it is. Theysit hand in hand before the un-homelike anthracite fire. Theyare having a hard time of it, waiting for the business men of New York to awake to a sense of their own needs andmarch in a procession to beg for the services of that able andhighly-recommended young graduate of Cambridge, who hascome to make his fortune in a new country, where, of course,skilled labor is at a premium. She is trying to cheer him up,as young wives will. Their time will come, she tells him—"for I'm sure there is nothing they can do here that youcouldn't do, dear." In the next room sit two young Bohemians,smoking bad cigarettes, discussing the best place to get cheapdinners and the best plac£ to sell great poems, incidentallysettling questions of art and literature that have botheredthe world these many years, and casting glances of not ungener- ous calculation at the €?ver-lessening amber beer in the crackedpitcher between them. It would not much disturb their stoutand hopeful young spirits if they knew that in that verychamber the first master of the house once on a time lay defad.Nay, I think they would only write poems about it, could theyfancy him stretched out there, a day's growth of gray beardon his stern old chin, pointing at the ceiling from out thefolds of the white handkerchief, all the strangeness and distanceof de?ath setting the familiar face apart from the householdheart.But the readers of the present demand a novel of the present?So be it. Let the deodorized American Zola go down intothe old Ninth Ward any Sunday, and watch the solid burgessesheading their family processions churchward, as staidly asthough they had not beefn in their youth, every man of them,members of the volunteer fire department, and had not brokenthe laws of God and the heads of their fellow-men wheneverthety got a chance.This is the true bourgeois class of New York, made up ofeminently respectable, commonplace, well-to-do, narrow-mindedmen and women, among whom, of course, there must be,herg and there, a few young hearts fluttering with nobler ambi- tions, a few finer natures yearning for a finer and higher life.Let this deodorized Zola record the fortunes of some Green- wich Dorothy whose ideas of life wefre something too delicatefor her plain-going elders, who "loved, maybe, perfume, softtextures, lace, a half-lit room"—some"Poor child—with heart the downiest nestOf warmest instincts unconfest,Soft, callow things that vaguely feltThe breeze caress, the sunlight meltBut yet, by some obscure decree,Unwinged from birth."Let him record the history of one such, "far too subtlygraced" for her surroundings, who, more? lucky than her sisters,found a way to a wider, livlier, and more cultured world; andlet him tell what breath of her own she brought into its hot- house atmosphere. Cloud Ships A-sailing G. G. To a Little Newcomer in Washington SquaregLEEP, Baby, sleep-Close thine eyes—The cradle is fallingDown from the skies—Mother will rock itSlowly or fast—Slumber will come soonWaking is past.Cloud ships a-sailingUp in the skyLittle clouds floatingEver so high—Baby will sail oneWhen he is tallLanding in cloud landWith mother and all.Little drops fallingOut of the rain—Each to each callingAnd telling againTh£ story of heaven—Where they were born—And of homes in the blossomsAnd tassels of corn.Little winds blowingAnd curling around—Peeping in windowsAnd sweeping the ground—Carrying messages—High in the airNever awaitingSleep anywhere.Sleep, Baby, sleep—Do not waken—or fearThough the cradle is still now—Mother is here. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre A REGULAR Little Thimble Theatre? performance con- cluded on Tuesday, the 14th, a reception given byMrs. Thomas A. Edison to her friends in Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre. Great Enthusiasm was evoked among those present by Charles Edison's speech, shortly before thecurtain rose, in which he set forth the ideas back of the ThimbleTheatre: a chance for American musicians, singers and com- posers. After relating how Greenwich Village with its historyand traditions seemed to create a fitting background for a freeforum of American music and American interpreters of music,Mr. Edison gave a short review of the work done during thepast five months since its opening. He pointed out how manyartists of promise and merit have found here a chance to playbefore an audience, and their way into the world of profes- sional competition. Just to be admitted into the competition isthe hardest of the hardships for the young composer, musicianor singer.Miss Charlotte James played Bach's "Organ Concerto" andinterpreted McDowell's "Eroica" on the piano.The program of Miss Dora Da Vera, the very promising singer,included "Pleurez mes yeux" from Massenet's opera "LeCid."The selection on the Diamond Disc showed the incomparablere-creation of piano and violin as well as of the human voice.The records played were "Durch die Waelder," von Weber,"Addio del passato," from Verdi, Butterfly," fromAndre Benoist, and "Ave Maria," by Bach-Gounod. This Week's Performances Thursday, Friday and Saturday, Miss Alice G. Ryan, soprano,a Brooklyn girl, will have her first appearance before a NewYork public. Her aim is to become a concert singer. She hasbeen trying for a high place in light comedy, but through lackof stage experience has not yet succeeded. She will sing "TheSwallows," by Del Acqua, "Prelude," from "Cycle of Life,"by Ronald, and "Where my Caravan Has Rested," by HermannLoehr.A very unusual life-work has Mrs. Jennie Newgarden chosenfor her own. She wishes to specialize in singing for convales- cents and shut-in people who are fond of music but unable toattend concert or opera and therefore dependent upon themusical talents of their relatives or friends to satisfy theirmusical desires. She plays her own accompaniment or willsing with the phonograph wherever she finds one. Mrs. New- garden is from Philadelphia, where she is well-known as achurch singer. But this week's appearance will be her firstacquaintance with a New York; public.Gertrude Lee, interpretive dancer, daughter of the well-knownsuffragist actress, Marie Nelson Lee, will render her own con- ception of Schubert's "Moments," Nevin's "Mist-Maiden." ARussian folk dance will conclude her program. Dead Men's Eyes By Guido Bruno EMPTYbottles cluttered the mantel. Books, newspapersand black bread were jumbled together on a chairnear the fireless grate. Cigarette! stumps, ashes and letterscovered the floor. Two gas-jets beside the dresser with thebroken looking-glass lighted the big, square room. Thrtfewalls were bare, soot-stained and ugly. The one againstwhich the easel leaned was covered with illustrations frommagazines, with color prints and with smeared half-tontfsketches. On a hook in the door hung a man's hat, an over- coat and some men's underwear.Maxim Medak sat at the round table in the middle of theroom. His head was buried in his hands.In the wooden bed which showed its torn straw mattresslay a dead man. The sheet that had covered the body wasdragged aside. The trunk was coarsely bandaged. The ban- dages were stained and stiffened with drield blood. The headhad fallen to one side. The eyes stood open. They wereglassy, big, blue bulbs opalescing in the yellow light of the?gas. Two deep wrinkles leading from his nostrils to the cor- ners of his graciously curved lips made him look serious andregretful. The hair was black and close-cut. The ears weresmall and well-shaped. A new white shirt slit through thecenter of the back lay on the bed beside the corpse?.The man at the table lifted his head. He looked at thecorpse. He looked a long time. He? approached the bed,unsteadily with heavy feet. He lifted the body and took upthe shirt. He slipped the lifeless arms into the sleeves ofthe shirt. The head of the dead man tilted to the other side,fell back and the staring efyes fastened themselves on theceiling.Medak drew the sheet up over the bosom and shouldersof the dead man and sat on the bed beside him. He studiedthe quie?t face before him feature by feature, trying to under- stand what had happened.He remembered the dreary, foggy October afternoon hehad met him on the bench in Washington Square. He himselfwas homele?ss, penniless. The other one, though he still hadthe credit of his landlord, was not much better off. And theybegan talking. About hard luck, about beauty, about freedom,about the deserts of Ukraina. They sang together in subduedvoices the long-forgotten, melancholy songs of their Cossackancestors. Finally it had grown dark, a fine rain was driz- zling and it was time to go home. He came home with thestranger and since that evening they had lived together andshared whatever they had.And one day Tomek sold a picture. He himself had neverdone anything all that time, but Tomek never asked him aquestion. They sat together nights and days, damning lifeand women, denying God and truth. And drinking. Drink- ing whiskey and rum. And one day their isolation wasbroken by a blue-coated mail-man delivering a registeredletter. Tomek read it He was very quiet for hours and then h«Jtold the most impossible tales of his Paris life. And theylaughed and were hilariously happy. After that Tomek wentout and bought more bottles. They we?re there on the mantel,empty."Let us drink—drink for days," Tomek had said. "Letus be senseless and sleep."And they drank. At first absinthe mixed with water. Andthen absinthe straight. And then whiskefy and rum again.And they talked and dozed and slept. He could not remem- ber how many days.When he woke up Tomek was sitting in the chair at thetable, his head resting on his arms. He? was sobbing, cryinglike a child."I was wrong," he said after looking for a long time atMedak, and his voice was the saddest voice that a humanever used. "We all are wrong. There is truth. And there; islove. But now it is too late."And he walked over to the bed and sank down on it. Hebreathed heavily for a while and everything was quiet. Theyboth must have slept again.The next Medak remembered was the discharge of a gun.It sounded like an explosion of dynamite in the closed room.The bed was soaked with blood. A lot of people came in. Aphysician was called. The wound was washed and the band- age put on, but no one paid any attention to him lying onthe mattress in the? other corner of the room. A policemanwith some other officers came an. Tomek raised up in thebed and whispered something in the ear of the policeman.Then he fell back d^ad."Who is going to take charge of the body?" some oneaskefd. Medak got up. He showed them that there wasmoney in the empty coffee can. He! told them he was goingto watch all night and to-morrow order a burial.It would soon be to-morrow. The gas light had alreadybegun to look lifeless. Medak staggered over to the wash- stand and poured the pitcher of water over his head. Thenhe turned back to the dead man.He passed the broken looking-glass and stared at his ownunshaven face with the dark rings under his eyes. Was thathimself?, He looked at his shirt that he had worn for days—ever since the picture was sold. His shoes were torn, histrousers fringed. What had he done yesterday—last week—all those long months? How long must it have be?en? Fouryears—impossible! Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics Square; as a court-end, with a cordon of fami- lies heading an exclusive society of far-descended indi- viduals with the nouveant rieches clamoring for admission to thecharmed circle, has lately been the misleading motif of certainmagazine articles. I say misleading, for there exists on longer a definite society made up of old families in New York City.And such romancing is still further fallacious, because Washing- ton Square with its section of Fifth Avenue up as far asTwelfth Street, instead of pluming itself on a social autonomyit enjoyed more than a quarter of a century ago, is in a brownstudy how to conserve itself as a residential centre. In theascending scale of fashion the Washington Square neighborhoodranks only second to the upper East side fashionable quarterand certain families whom one supposed to be riveted to thislocality are harboring upper Park Avenue apartment houseambitions.The solution of the problem is simple to one who knows thetrend of society combined with real estate common sense:make it a Latin quarter and a moderate priced apartment housesection of the City. Of course, its charm will continue to beenhanced by the presence of as many of the old mansions asthe owners have means and inclination to keep up. But it isalready noticeable that when one of these time-honored abodesis vacated, it grows increasingly difficult to find an occupant.In such instances a mansion should be reconstructed into a littleapartment house with perhaps one or two additional stories.A certain real estate firm, next Spring, purposes to developthe General Sickles corner of Fifth Avenue and Ninth Street,in a manner that will tend, in an admirable way, to conservethe residential character of the neighborhood. They proposeto erect a handsome apartment house a dozen storie's high, builton Colonial lines somewhat after the fashion of the new uptownColony Club. The main feature of the undertaking, however,is that the apartments, although the rooms will be exceptionallylarge, will be at moderate rentals—from nine hundred to eighteenhundred dollars per annum. Most of this property belonged tothe March Estate to which Mr. Clement C. March, of Wash- ington Square? North, an old beau at Mrs. Astor's balls, wholives in Europe a great deal, is related.To begin at the 112 oundation of things: to save the neighborhood,several of the old rookeries on Washington Square South, shouldbe torn down at once and replaced by apartment houses atmoderate rentals. The Dimock and Eno Estates own a largefrontage on Washington Square South. This architectural rescuework there and in lowefr Fifth Avenue should be done immedi- ately, as there are not only waiting lists of tenants for suchapartments, but in only a few years from over-crowding furtherup town, trade will begin to invade this choice neighborhoodwith a rush, and the most redoubtable fortifications againsttrade are apartment houses.Apropos of our Latin quarter, which is steadily being aug- mented by artists and literary people of note. The studio- alteration of a private house on the South side of West NinthStreet between Fifth and Sixth Avenue, is an excellent modelfor architects. But far and away the most potent aid the Latinquarter project has received in more than a generation is thatproposed by the Sailor's Snug Harbor corporation, which has excellent real estate common sense. The trustees expect totear down nearly the whole row of old shops in East EighthStreet on the South side? beginning at the rear of Eagan's board- ing house at the corner of Fifth Avenue and Eighth Street andrunning nearly over to University Place, erecting studios intheir place.So away with this quarter of a century anachronism—fustianof a coterie of newspaper and magazine writers who knownothing of society from the inside and who never owned a tenfoot plot of Manhattan real estate—about Washington Squareas a fashionable court-end. Let everyone who can muster therequisite capital, go to work at once and build an apartmenthouse as high as Hainan's gallows, and save the neighborhood.Such sporadic instances as a member of the Drexel familytaking a house in Washington Square West, or the Lydig leaseof the Serena Rhinelander's homestead are simply sporadic andnot indicative of the trend of the times. Look at the numberof empty houses in lower Fifth Avenue and the Square. TheLydigs for one reason, wanted to be near their church. In Our Village IF it were not for the hardship of crossing the Square beforethe Slreet Cleaning Department arrived at the conclusionthat snow is falling in the big cities for one purpose only:to be scooped up in the centre of the street and to be carriedaway to a mysterious somewhere, even spring and summer intiheir most gorgeous holiday attire could not offer as splendida picture as Washington Square a few nights ago with thewhite fluffy snow upon the grounds, upon the black nakedbranches of the trees; snow crystals about to dissolve butglistening in the yellowish light of the electric arcs, on benchesand iron railings, the paths and sidewalks glittering and in- viting in their smoothness, to happy adventurous girls andboys. The skies dark blue like velvet strewn with sparklingdiamonds, far back beyond white and red house-tops, the Wool- worth Building, in its gigantic daintiness and its electric splendor,and then that big electric cross on the tower of the Judson.But that Street Cleaning Department was quickly at work,and before the snow crystals had had a real chance to take aplace among their millions of brothers and sisters after a longtrip from high above, they were mercilessly piled up intoheaps, they lost their pure whiteness and after a short experienceon earth had made them black and soiled, they were hurriedon wagons and on auto trucks to their last resting-place. Butnow we know that the trees in the forests are loaded down withsnow and bent under the weight of icicles, that frost is form- ing ice flowers upon the windows, that the time of sleds hasarrived and that Christmas will be soon the Christmas oflast year.As Christmas means for a lot of us buying gifts, it meansfor a lot of us selling them. The studios in the village are quite busy places and a good many of those ominous figureslookefd forward to by all artists and described so well by O.Henry, "Maecenas' of Art" have made their appearance.The works of art which are on exhibition at present at Mrs.Harry Payne Whitney's studio in MacDougal Alley will be trans- ferred this week to Ellis Island and will be exhibited in theimmigration building. Mr. Sherman, of the Immigration Depart- ment, a villager, among whose duties it is to entertain thealiens who are detained at Ellis Island, said that a permanentexhibition of works of art will be? one of the future attrac- tions of the Island. Mrs. Whitney's exhibit is the first of theart offerings America will grant to those whom she does notwelcome to her shores.Not less than eight artists of Greenwich Village will berepresented in the book-plate exhibit of the American Book-Plate Society, to be held in January, in Columbia University.Tacked to the walls of Bruno's Garret are forty-two pastelswater colors and drawings of Ilonka Karasz, and will be onexhibition until January 4th.Monday, the 20th of December, Mr. Heroichiro K. Myderco,the American-Japanese novelist and writer of short stories,will read a selection from his "Phantasies." The! reading willstart at eigth p. m.and you are invited to be present.On Saturday, the 25th, at four o'clock will be a Christmascelebration in Bruno's Garret for the children of GreenwichVillage. A big Christmas trefe, with lots of nice things hang- ing from its branches and an abundance of toys have beenprovided, through the kindness of a children-loving couple,who do not wish to have their names made known.Sadakichi Hartmann will establish after his return from alecture trip to Atlanta, Georgia, in the Ferrer School a dramaticcentre and he will stage a few of his realistic dramas. Sadakichiwill give a reading of his dramas "Christ" and "Buddha" inBruno's Garret in the first week of January. Books and Magazines of the Week •pHAT books mean really no more to the average individualthan his newspaper or his magazine means to him isindisputably evident in these days before Christmas. Read- ing papers and magazines is a habit and to buy the samepapers and too look for the same names which are featuredon the covets or on subway advertisements is accessory tothe habit. But habits are not pleasure nor friendship. Ialways wondered for whom the lists of "the three hundredbest Christmas books" or "books mostly appropriate forChristmas gifts" are compiled. A walk to our book stores orthrough the book rooms of our department stores will provethat men and women are actually selecting books from theselists as gifts for their beloved. No better gift and no gift that is more intimate can wegive as a token of friendship then a book, but it remindsme of the man who is living in Cairo and leaves his orderin Tiffany's to send presents at Christmas to a list of hisfriends not to exceed such and such an amount, if I thinkof the man who sends to his friend a book upon the recom- mendation of a professional compiler of holiday book lists orof the clerk in the book store "who knows To forward abook which you have not read to your sweetheart, or to layit under the Christmas tree for your wife or for your childis synonymous with introducing a stranger as a_ friend to thosewho will take him in as your friend; who will open to himheart and home because of the love and the esteem they havefor you. You who are so careful not to identify yourselfin business with the man whom you "did not look up," youwho would not dream of signing a note upon the recommenda- tion of an unknown or of cashing the cheque which bears assignature—a mere name, you will not hesitate to select a bookfrom one of those lists or take for granted the word of thebook store clerk. How dicriminating you are before signingthe guest card for a new acquaintance in your club! but abook .... anything in good-looking leather binding orwith a name as author which you have heard somewhere,even if you do not know where, you will accept readily andpass on to those whom you love best.Our grandfathers were old-fashioned conservatives. Friend- ships in their days were not closed as easily as to-day. Butalso not dissolved as a mere incident. Publishers seventy-five?years ago were discriminating in their acceptance of newauthors and in the material they printed. They knew that theirreaders would use even more discrimination. To read a newbook was then an event in a man's life. If a pleasant event,he would make a mental note and when Christmas came or abirthday he would purchase another copy and mark pages orpassages, he would express his sentiments on the fly-leaf, hewould wrap it up carefully and bring it, if possible, himself to itsnew possessor. We are not living in an age of hand-knittedstockings. Our girls would laugh at the idea of sewing shirtsfor their men friends. Even embroidered handkerchiefs areout of fashion. But a book should not and cannot lose itssoul. It is a live thing that the clerk wraps up for us or sendswith a gift card to an indicated address. It was part of aman before he wrote it and it will be part of another manafter he has read it. You or I who bestow the gift will beresponsible for whatever it may mean to our friend.Therefore: read the books which you will send as giftsto your friends. Read them as acquaintances until you knowyou would wish them for your friends. Compare these book- friends with your friends to whom you wish to introducethem and if you think that they can be friends too, take uponyou the pleasures but also the responsibilities of an introduc- tion. Bulletin New York Public Library An interesting picture! of "Berlin and the Prussian Courtin 1798" is presented in the journal of Thomas Boylston Adams,secretary to the United States legation in Berlin, edited fromthe original manuscript in the New York Public Library, byVictor Hugu Paltsits, keepe?r of manuscripts.Thomas Boylston Adams, was a graduate of Harvard in theClass of 1790. He was the youngest of President Adams' fivechildren, born at Quincy, Mass., and representing Quincy from1809-1811 in the legislature of his home state. President Adamssent in the nomination of his son as secretary to the legationat Berlin, and it took quite a while until the opposition tothis nomination was overthrown. The attempt was made threetimes to prevent confirmation on the grounds "that it was un- necessary to establish a permanent minister at the court ofPrussia."The same issue contains an extensive bibliography of booksrelating to prints and their production. Good Words "A paper dedicated to the welfare of the men in prison"brings a lot of cheefr once every month to our desk. Itseditor, who needs not to apologise for make-up and contentsof his little paper, is evidently not a stranger to WashingtonSquare and to Greenwich Village. Here are the closing linesof a recent letter he wrote me from his involuntary residencein Atlanta, Georgia:"Anyway, there goes the strident-voiced gong, "clang, clang,clang, clang, ten to ten," and when the minute hand points tothe zenith, out go the lights. As I lay down my pen the wester- ing moon shines palely between the bars into my "apartment,"even as she is now shining into your garret window, my dearGuido, and even as she is adding her waning radiance to theeffulgent arcs in the Square. So to you, Guido, and to thdbenched flotsam of the Square, and to you, weariest persusersof this screed, gute nacht! Und suesse Traeumlen" Walhalla Mr. Lohr, the editor of this new weekly, publishes in hiscurrent issue the last poems of Ellegaard Ellerbeck, theGerman poet who died in the trenches a year ago. Mr. Eller- beck, who visited America just before the outbreak of the war,sent the poem from the Franco-Belgian frontier to Mr. Lohr,one day before his death. The Miscellany The December issue of this quarterly devoted to Book- plates and The Book Beautiful, contains Edmund Hort New'saccount of the Loggan prints. "Ancient paper making givesthe general characteristics of hand-made paper, with an ex- planation of the methods used in its making in the oldentimes." Poetry, A Magazine of Verse This pioneer of American poetry and the new poetry in theEnglish language in general registers, under its heading "OurContemporaries," a gentle but well-measured kick againstWilliam Stanley Braithwaite, poetry editor of the BostonTranscript, and compiler of "The Anthology of AmericanMagazine Verse." While Mr. Braithwaite listed this year,for the first time, the poems which appeared during the lasttwelve-month in POETRY in his "Review of Poetry of theYear," in the Transcript of October 30th, "he does not men- tion the magazine or the work it has done for the art" is thegrievance of Miss Monroe, POETRY'S editor. Poetry Book Shop Chap Books Harold Monro, editor of the late "Poetry and Drama," theexcellent quarterly which stopped publication at the outbreakof the war, and founder and proprietor of that unique PoetryBook Shop in London, where the poetry is read to one beforebeing sold, issued during the last year a series of chap books."Songs of the War," by Maurice Hewlett, one of them, hasappeared in its second print. The booklets are worth whilereading and especially those written under the war impressionsof last year are a fair exchange for their price, six pence. An Ode To Spring Tom Sleeper. Written after this Year's First Snow. THE bloomin' buds are bustin' on all the bally treesAnd the robins come a wheezin' and a snortin' downthe breezeThe donkeys are a brayin' and the jays be?gin to sing'Cause they know without our tellin' 'emIt's Spring—Sweet Spring.The fishes in the ocean are a jumpin' and a splashin'And the water bugs are actin' in a most peculiar fashionThe cats are yowlin' choruses a sittin' in a ring'Cause they know without our tellin' 'emIt's Spring—Sweet Spring.The mushrooms in the cellar'll be blooming pretty soonAnd the neighbor's puppies whinin' and a yapping at the moonThe April skies are leakin' and a welttin' everythingSo come on and join the chorus—Here's toSpring, Sweet Spring. Babies' Thoughts By D. Molby a baby is first born it doesn't know a thing. Itcan expand its chest so as to take? in air and it can contractit again so as to force the air out, but it doesn't know how it does it. When it is awake it can see that there is somethingaround it, but it doesn't know what. t Everything is strangeto it because it has nevtfr seen anything before. Its fatherand mother caress it a great deal, but it can't itbecause it doesn't know who they are or what they are talkingabout.If it has a feeling of distress in its stomach it will probablycry, but it doesn't know that it is hungry or that a cry isthe proper way to make known that something is the*" matter.It cries, and its mother doesn't like to hear it cry so she triesto find out what it wants. If she can find out it makes herfeel awfully proud because she thinks then that the baby knewwhat was the matter with it and though it only cried, sheunderstood.All the time that the baby is awake it be thinkingabout something, but, as it doesn't know anything, it can't think.Before it really knows anything it must have sensations anda great many of them. It must compare them in minduntil it can see the relation of one thing to another. It is justlike deciphering a lot of heiroglyphics that it doesn't knowthe? key to, and it may take a couple of years for it to realizeeven that there is a world and that it is a person living init.But when the child realizes this, there will be something forhim to think about. Jenny Lind's "Inflammatus"—Stabat Mater Jenny Lind lived during this period of her life at No. 42Washington Square.IN September, 1850, Castle Garden had opened its doors tothe wonder of the age—to Jenny Lind, the queen of th&lt;?realm of song. And shortly after this engagement with Barnumhad ended, she came to Tripler Hall, the beautiful concefrthall on Broadway, destroyed by fire a short time after itstrection.A small chorus was selected from the societies to accompanythe "Inflammatus" from Rossini's Stabat Mater. At the morningrehearsal for this first concert, orchestra and chorus were onthe stage, when a very plain little woman, in a long darkcloak and the least adorned of bonnets, walked quickly upthe aisle, ascended to the? stage and there took her place.At the proper moment she raised her head, opened her lips,and straightway rang out the high G, clear, direct, unerringin attack, sonorous and sustained:Up soared the? glorious voice through the scale of trills,higher and higher, until the empyrean was reached, the C inalt, where the pure tone poised, jubilant and unwavering, then,in a majestic descent of the? full chord, back to the dominant,thence slowly swelling and sinking to rest on the tonic—the whole phrase superbly effective, perfect, and satisfying.Jenny Lind had sung! and to those who heard her in that"Inflammatus," her voice had made a shrine once and foreve?r inheart and memory. Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno There was a quick elastic step. The door opened briskly andCourtland entered. His face was changed. The two deep linesabout his mouth which appeared when he had solved a puzzlingproblem and was determined to face the consequences with allhis energy, made him look years younger. Kenneth jumpedto his feet. He looked into the eyes of his friend. He did notknow what to think. He must have looked sad and curious."You are taking it harder than I am, Kenneth. Cheer up, oldfriend. These are only incidents in human life. We rap on thedoor of Heaven and demand admission. And the hand of someGoddess kindly opens the door a few inches wide and lets uslook and perhaps lifts the veil and we shall see what we havenever darer to hope—to imagine—and we stretch out our handsand try to grasp it and the door is closed just before our faces.There we stand in the cold, in the darkness, like a tramp onChristmas Eve who looked into the home of a happy familyand the shades are drawn and the light extinguished as helooks. What does he do? He stays as though dazed for a fewminutes and his eyes become accustomed to the darkness againand he turns and starts out for his next destination. What ishis next destination? He doesn't know. But there will besome light again, some Fata Morgana, far, far away, and it willbe his aim to reach his new goal."It doesn't matter whether he is disappointed again. He willhave something to which to look forward and the old energy,so frequently lost and found again, will be his companion. Ken- neth, I lived through the most beautiful period of my life yes- terday. I was happier than any other human being ever couldhave been. An hour ago I was the unhappiest man who everbreathed the air of earth and still I am here now ready to facethe world again, wearing the same clothes, talking with thesame voice, looking with the same eyes and tomorrow nobodywill notice the change in me."Don't look puzzled at me. Don't think I have lost my mind.And for the sake of our friendship, don't offer me any consola- tion. It is almost ten years since you came to my room andtold me the woman I loved was lost to me. ..."Please don't remind me of the saddest event of my life. Inever faced a harder situation than on that evening, lookinginto your true, devoted eyes, telling you that merciless tale. ■The Oasisof Washington SquareTea RoomIce Cream ParlorCigars and CigarettesBeneath Bruno's GarretROSSI BROS., Prop'rs BronxOpera House149 th St., E. of 3d Ave.Best in the Bronxand Better ThanHalf the Theatresin ManhattanWeek of Dec. 27thThe Cohan &amp; Harris Hit"Young America" THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSES AT A Broadway and 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Eve's at 8:20THE jrliJ 1 Ull Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Saturday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's HIT-THE-TRAILAM?RIC!N HOLLIDAYPLAY With FRED NIBLO as " BILLY HOLLIDAYff AT f* A MFfeV CD *2d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE WINIJLIIIy Eve'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great All-American Cast AT ¥ A r'DI? 48th Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE IA/lX Oil Vl\Ei Eye'g, 8:30. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEINIn TRIUMPHdy The Great Lover READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS52 Issues One Dollar Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:15 p. m.Thursday,3 p. m.Friday,8:1&gt;5 p. m.8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage to the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down upon the SwaneeRiver," "My Old Kentucky Home,""Old Folks at Home." Do youknow that they were created andwritten by Stephen Collins Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?