Bruno's Weekly 1 18 November 20th, MCMXV naaq_1915-11-20_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 18 Aubfey Beardsley Illustration 1 Bells 2 Untitled Image Illustration 2 Stage Coaches and Prisons Thomas A. Janvier cre 2-4 Why the Thimble Theatre? 5 Fighting Paris Being the Diary of Muriel Ciolkowska, Paris Correspondent of the "Egoist," London, of One Year Ago 5-6 November 22., 1914—Thermometer below freezing point. Each 5-6 This Week's Performance in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 6-7 Chocolate Chips 7-8 Musings on Myself Napoleon Bonaparte cre 8-9 Hors d' Oeuvre Tom Sleeper cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Parameciums' Minds D, Molby cre 10-11 My Only Friend 11-12 In Our Village 12-13 Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics 13-14 Books and Magazines of the Week 14-16 Ad Infinitum Tom Sleeper cre 16 Richard Wagner—Egoist Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents November 20th, 1915. BRUNO'S WEEKLY* Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 18 NOVEMBER 20th, MCMXV Vol. I BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY• •• . .. -y-vr*• BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison andEdited and written by Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Aubfey Beardsley Bells Stage Coaches and Prisons Thomas A. Janvier. SIMULTANEOUSLY with thef founding of the country-seatsat Greenwich, two small settlements of a humbler sortwere formed on the shore of the North River in that region.One of these, known as Lower Greenwich, was at the foot ofBrannan (now Spring) Street, and the other, known asUpper Greenwich, was at the foot of what now is ChristopherCopyright 1915 by Guido Bruno Street and then was the Skinner Road. Of this latter anentire block still remains: the row of low wooden houses onWest Street between Christopher and Tenth, of which thebest view is from Wefehawken Street in the rear. Thesehouses were standing, certainly, as far back as 1796—as isshown on the Commissioners' map by the indentation to ac- commodate them upon the State-prison property acquired inthat year. Probably they are the? houses indicated onthe Ratzen Map as standing at this point one hundred andtwenty-six years ago.The building of the State-prison brought to the upper villagewhat might have been called—could the use of the wordhave been anticipated by four-fifths of a century—a boom.As passed, the act of Assembly of March 26, 1796, provided forthe erection of two prisons, one in Albany and one in New York;but a subsequent modification of the act applied the entire sumappropriated—about $200,000—t0 the erection of a single buildinghere. The prison stood at the foot of Amos (now Tenth)Street, on the site occupied by the existing brewery, into thestructure of which (as may be seen just inside the TenthStreet entrance) have been incorporated parts of the old walls.The building—2oo feet long, with wings extending from it atright angles toward the river—stood in grounds of about fouracres in extent, the whole enclosed by a stone wall twenty-twofeet high on the side toward the river, and fourteen feethigh elsewhere.The prison was opened November 28, 1797, when seventyprisoners were transferred thither, and it continued in use alittle more than thirty years. The male prisoners were trans- ferred to Sing Sing in 1828, and the female prisoners in thespring of 1829—when the entire property was sold into privatehands. This was one of the first prisons in which convictswere taught trades; but for a long while the more conspicuousresults of this benevolent system—a feature of which was theassembling together of the prisoners in large work-rooms, withconsequent abundant opportunities for concocting conspiracies—were dangerous plots and mutinous outbreaks. In June 1799,fifty or sixty men revolted and seized their keepers; and notuntil the guards opened fire on them with ball cartridge—bywhich several were wounded, though none were killed—was themutiny quelled. In April 1803 about forty men broke from theprison to the prison-yard, and, after setting fire to the building,attempted to scale the walls; and again the guards came withtheir muskets and compelled order—this time killing as well aswounding—while the keepers put out the fire. In May 1804,a still more dangerous revolt occurred. On this occasion thekeepers were locked into the north wing of the building, whichthen was fired. Fortunately, according to a contemporaneousaccount, "one more humane than the rest released the keepersbut the north wing was destroyed, involving a loss of $25,000,and in the confusion many of the prisoners escaped. A longsigh of thankfulness must have gone up from Greenwich whenthis highly volcanic institution became a thing of the past. Yet the people of Greetawich were disposed to feel a certainpride in their penal establishment, and to treat it as one ofthe attractions of their town—as appears from the followingadvertisement of the Greenwich Hotel in The Columbian ofSeptember 18, 1811:"A few gentlemen may be accommodated with board and lodgingat this pleasant and healthy situation, a few door* from the StatePrison. The Greenwich stage passes from this to the Federal Hall andreturns five times a day."A little later, 1816, Asa Hall's line of stages was runningwith departures from Greenwich on the even hours and fromNew York, at Pine Strefet and Broadway, on the uneven hoursall day. The custom was to send to the stage office to engagea seat to town; and then the stage would call for the passenger,announcement befing made of its approach—so that the pas- senger might be ready and no time lost—by noble blasts upon ahorn. The fare each way was twenty-five cents. One of thefreshest and most delightful of my old gentlemen remembers itall as clearly as though it were but yesterday—beginning withhis mother's brisk, "Now Dan, run up to Asa's and tell himto send the eight-o'clock stage here;" continuing with a faintburst of horn-blowing in the distance which grefw louder andlouder until it stopped with a flourish at the very door; andending with the stage disappearing, to the accompaniment of agallant tooting growing fainter and fainter, in a cloud ofdust down the country road.This country road was the present Gretenwich Street southof Leroy. It was on Leroy Street that my old gentlemanlived, seventy years and more ago, and all about his home wereopen fieflds. Eastward the view was unobstructed quite acrossto Washington Square—as he knows positively because he re- members seeing from his own front stoop the gallows whichwas set up (near the present Washington Arch) for the exe- cution of one Rose Butler, a negro wench who was hanged formurder in the year 1822.South of Leroy Street was open country as far as CanalStreet, "and probably farther;" but my gentleman is less cer- tain, because there was no convenient gallows in that directionto fix a limit to his view. On this head, however, there isabundant evidence. Mr. Peter Gassner, treating of a period alittle earlier—about the year 1803—writes: "Corri, anotherFrenchman, had a mead-garden and flying-horses on the emi- nence between Franklin and Leonard streets. It was at leastfifty feet from (above) the road. You got to it by woodenstairs; and, when up, would overlook the space to Greenwich—nothing occupying the space until you met Borrowson's and oldTyler's, both mead-gardens and taverns." thef precise Mr.John Randel, Jun.—engineer to the Commissioners by whomwas prepared, under the act of April 13, 1807, the present CityPlan—writes that in 1809 hef crossed the ditch at Canal Streeton a wooden plank and walked thence nearly the whole distanceto Christopher Street through open fields. Why the Thimble Theatre? fHE American showhouses and music halls cannot lend them- selves to experiments. High prices of admission are beingcharged and therefore only the very best is being given in ex- change, or, something insignificant in a wonderfully bewitchingand most costly garment. There is the grand opefra, composedof the most accomplished musicians in the orchestra, of theworld's wonders of human voices, and there is the made-to-order,measured-to-the-body of the Broadway-star musical comedy, inreality but an exponent of the most intricate stage tricks, of theart of the theatrical dressmaker and of human beauty.The composer, the playwright, the musician, have very littleor no chance. The theatrical producer cannot give them achance to get a hearing as long as the playwright's name or themusician's name is not so firmly established that a fiasco wouldbe out of question.The performances in the Little Thimble Theatre are provingdoubt that Mr. Edison's optimism regarding both theauditorium and American creators of music is well founded. Fighting Paris Being the Diary of Muriel Ciolkowska, Paris Correspondent ofthe "Egoist," London, of One Year Ago November 22., 1914—Thermometer below freezing point. Eachone makes comment: "Cold weather for our soldiers." Nota shop or conveyance you go into but the remark occurs andoften you are asked: "And you, have you any one there?"November 23.—The papers are crowded with recriminationsagainst official administration. Bureaucracy in France seems tobe an incurable evil.Mr, E. R. 8., the Swiss composer, tells me that RichardStrauss, having refused to sign the intellectuals' manifesto, giv- ing as excuse that politics are not his profession, is being vio- lently attacked for his abstention by the German Press. Themost difficult people to reach just now are those unfortunateswho are confined in the districts still occupied by the Germanforces. Thus, if you require to write to some one!, presumablyat Lille, you must address your communication (post-card only)via Pontarlier and Bale. Another solution is to send the com- munication care? of the Spanish Consul at The Hague, or theFrench Consul at Maestricht. There is no one so far away fromthe rest of the world as these. M. Guy-Charles Cros, that giftedpoet, has been taken prisoner while fighting in Belgium.November 23.—Herr Richard Strauss has fallen between twostools. The French won't believe he abstained from signing themanifesto for other than venal motives. The Intransigeanfsinterpretation, for instance, is that an author's copyright lastsfor twenty years more after his death in France than in Ger- many.November 27.—M. G. C. was enrolled to-day. November 28.—"Courrier Theatral: au Theatre Music-Hall duMoulin Rouge. .. Tipperary Girls, clowns Dario eft Cerratto .. . ;le Thefatre Albert Ist; Theatre Beige; Nouveau-Theatre; Con- cert Mayol." This is from to-day's paper, being the first! theat- rical announcement since the mobilisation. So Paris is becomingherself again! The people? who can't live without theatres (andthose who live by them) are having their way on condition that15 per cent, of the booking refceipts be given to charitable funds.The Academie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettrefs has, by amajority of twenty-eight votes against six, defcided not to strikeoff its associates and corresponding members of Germany nation- ality. And the Liberie calls this example on the part of thesavants of France—unique in the group of five societies formingthe Institute—a mistake?. Must all Germany and every Germanbe held responsible for little children's mutilated hands, home- less families, orphans, widows, the destruction of Ypres, Lou- vain, Rheims, etc., and the promised threatened destruction ofBrussels? Perhaps, after all. This Week's Performance in CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre Matinees THE little journeys to the homes of composers of nationalmusic led the audience of the Little Thimble Theatrelast Monday to the? creator of German national music—RichardWagner. Miss Addie Galva, who came recently to New York toenter upon an operatic career, sang parts from Lohrengrin,Tannhaueser and Rienzi. The overtures and most importantmotifs from Rienzi, Richard Wagner's first success and the keyto Wagner, the man, were re-created on the Diamond DiscThursday afternoon, the journey to Wagner was repeated. Nextweek a visit will be? paid to Stephens Collins Foster, the com- poser of the best-known American national home songs. The Evening Performances •THAT wonderful poem of Heinrich Heine, "The Two" Grenadiers," the music composed by Schumann, is onenumber on the program of Harry S. Mitchell, a very promisingbaritone, who will make his first appearance before a New Yorkpublic, on Thursday evening.The best beloved and the most hated of the poets of Germanyis Heinrich Heine. He is one of the few men of the last centurywho felt it their mission to bring Germany and France nearerto each other. He loved France the sentiment expressedby his Grenadiers we also find in his last will, in which h&amp;made the request to be buried in the soil of France. Interpreta- tions of Mozart and of Fontenailles conclude Mr. Mitchell'sEbtfrth, mezzo-soprano, who completed her musicaleducation in Brooklyn and aims to become a concert singer, will sing an aria from "Samson et Dalila/' and songs by CharlesWakefield Cadman and by C. J. Bond.Mr. Anthony Ewer is the singer of Hood River Valley, in theOregon country, and takes us into a comparatively new cornerof the United States. "It may be that somewhere in this wide,wide world there is a more beautiful valley than ours," saysMr. Ewer, who recently came from Oregon to New York, "butwe of our valley do not think so. There is so much to be toldof this rugged and beautiful place if you have a mind to listen.In the "Coast and other Earth Rhymes," the uninitiated aref takeninto the green room of the great fruit-growing industry of theNorthwest. And there is humor to be gleaned from the lowlyanimals of 'our valley.' Not that they differ from the animalsof any other valley : simply they happen to be on the ground."Mr. Anthony Ewer, who has identified himself during the lastfew years as a writer of humorous verse accompanied by his ownwhimsical drawings, appears with his "Rhymes of Our Valley,"for the first time in a more serious strain. Chocolate Chips MY little boy love?s good chocolate chips better than anythingelse in the world. My husband brought a big five-poundpackage of chocolates home. The? child doesn't leave my sightuntil I open the much-promising box."All right," I said to the little epicure, showing him the rowsof chocolates put up in neat doilies and wrappers of all colors."Every day you shall receive on£ of the sweet-meats."Punctually every day my little boy reminds me of my promiseand I see the chocolate chip disappear in his little cherry mouth.One day he discovers among the chocolates a little paperhand-bag with small gold handles:"I'll open it and see what's inside," he said."And eat it up"—l finish in my thoughts.Aloud I say; "Freddie, I'll give you the nice little bag. Youcan make a present of it to your doll, or you can keelp it your- self. But you must not untie it. Look, how nice it is!" That'swhat I said to my three-year-old dolly.The next day as he came for his chocolate installment Iasked about the hand-bag: "Dolly has it on hefr arm and I'lltake her out shopping."May I untie it to-day, morning, please?"I knew how hard he would take me now, but I insist. Helooks just a little bit disappointed but promises bravely totake good care of the? hand-bag.The next day the hand-bag disappeared. lam surprised. Iask where it is. The dear little face is flaming red: "I don'tknow where the little? hand-bag is, mother. ... I tookdolly shopping and she must have lost it. . . . ."I look sharply into his blue eyes. Is he lying? I have areproving word on the tip of my tongue. But a look in the bigpure eyes of my child keeps it back. I do not have the courageto say the ugly word. Does the child know at all what a lie is? Did he ever hearthat word and does he know what it means. The big eyes areclear and pure.And I do not find the courage to speak about it living thefollowing days even after the hand-bag seems to have? goneforever.*$* * * They took my child. The physicians were afraid to leavethe boy near his consumptive mother. My child is with strangers—kind dear people, but they are strangers still the same. I amrummaging around in the drawers of the nursery. I hug thelittle dress and aprons left behind. Igo through all theirpockets, I empty them: little stones, papers in all colors, bottles:building-stones of this life of play. I am playing again thoseplays and sweet foolishness of the child: my own life!, my past—without my child. Most lamentable philosophy, the piningawakening to reality!There hangs the little blue linen suit. Freddie used to wearit on his morning walk in Central Park. On his return hislittle pocket used to look like a big bag. Heavy with stones.And then we unpacked them, big stones, small stones, roundstones, stones with corners—a world for the soul of a child.The little suit feels very heavy. There still must be stones inthe pockets . . . And while I am thinking of my child withhis happy smiling blue eyes and playing with him in my thoughts,giving each stone a name, I feel something sticky between myfingers ,"Freddie, darling, why aren't you here now? That I couldput my hands around your blonde head! Look here, Freddie,here is the little hand-bag with its gold handles and in it thechocolate chips. It is found! Here, in the pocket of yourlittle blue linen suit, deep down in its depth under many stones,crushed and sticky. And dolly didn't lose It on her shoppingtour as you thought weeks ago."Dear little soul, your eyes did not lie—l am so happy!"And I am so happy—l bury my head in the pillows of mybed and I find the tears, the tears I had wished for all thesedays and which didn't want to come." Musings on Myself By Napoleon Bonaparte I AM the State! What is the throne?—a bit of wood gildedand covered with velvet I am the State. I alone am herethe representative of the people. Even if I had done wrongyou should not have reproached me in public—people wash theirdirty linen at home. France has more need of me than ofFrance.I believe Nature calculated me? for great reverses. I have asoul of marble.I was born and created for work ... I am conscious of no limit to the work I can get through. From my first career,I have always commanded myself.A man like me is always either a god or a devil.Nothing has been more simple than my elevation. It wasnot the result of intrigue or of crime. It was owing to thepeculiar circumstances of the times, and because I foughtsuccessfully against the enemies of my country. What is moreextraordinary, and unparalleled in history, is, that I rose frombeing a private person to the astonishing height of power Ipossessed, without having committed a single crime to obtain it.Presence of mind after midnight is so complete with me,that if I am awakened by sudden circumstances, I am wideawake; I get up so that no one can guess by the; state of myeyes if I have just been asleep, and my dictation is as freshas at any given moment of the day.One of my grand objects was to render education accessibleto everybody. I caused every institution to be formed upon aplan which offered instruction to the public, either gratis or ata rate so moderate as not to be? beyond the means of thepeasant. The museums were thrown open to the canaille. Mycanaille would have become the best educated in the world.All my exertions were directed to illuminate the mass of thenation instead of brutifying them by ignorance and superstition.In spite of all the libels I have no fear whatever about myname. Posterity will do me justice?. The truth will be known,and the good that I have done will be compared with the faultsI have committed. I am not uneasy for the result. Had Isucceeded, I should have died with the reputation of the great- est man that ever existed. As it is, although I have failed, Ishall be considered as an extraordinary man. My elevationwas unparalleled, because unaccompanied by crime. I havefought fifty pitched battles, almost all of which I have gained.I have framed and carried into effect a code of laws that willbear my name to the most distant posterity. From nothingI raised myself to be the most powerful monarch in the world.Europe was at my feet. My ambition was great, but it wasof cold nature, caused by events and the opinion of greatbodies.What I have done will never perish. Twelve hundred yearshence my name will be mentioned with respect, while those ofmy oppressors will be unknown or only known by being loadedwith infamy and opprobrium. Hors d' Oeuvre Tom Sleeper. I rarely care to eat my shoesOr mix corn starch or pickles with my booseKY&gt;r yet to munch a salad dressed with ropeBut I confess—l do like soap. Parameciums' Minds By D, Molby "THE Paramecium is a being which doesn't often come underobservation. Or, if he does come under it, he isn't ob- served. The place to look for him is in a pond or some othersuch place where he can live. He must be caught and putunder a microscope that will magnify, before he can be ob- served. And what he can be observed doing is rowing himselfaround with about a hundred little fine cilia.^Now the Paramecium is so small that he is supposed not tohave any mind and not to know anything whatever. One cellis all there is of him, and for this reason, hemust be made of the same thing all through. But his actionsprove that he isn't. There is too much system to the way hemoves his cilia, for that. If he didn't have any brain, he wouldmove them in the natural way, which is to move those on oneside and then move those on the other. He doesn't do this.He brings them all forward and then throws them back with ajerk. This, of course, pushes him forward. He keeps on doing it which shows that he wants to go forward. If he wants toturn around, he can do better yet: he can move the cilia for- ward on one side and backward on the other and not getmuddled up. He must be aware that this turns him quickerelse he wouldn't know enough to do it.These things show that he has a mind and that he can thinkwith it. My Only Friend IT is raining, raining, raining. The Square is deserted. Thecop under the electric arc light in front of my garret win- dow looks monstrously big and ghastly black in his rain coatand rain cap. Little silvery shining drops are rolling down hissleeves and dripping from time to time on his muddy rubberboots. Whistling winds sweep occasionally through my grate.They are hurrying somewhere but can't resist the temptationto look into the old familiar chimney. They rattle on the blindwith which I closed up the! fireplace. And they growl at thebrick walls of the flue and are disappointed because they did notfind a cheerful grate fire with leaping, gossiping flames whichwould flicker up high into the chimney and tefll him the talesof the day and of yesterday:"The barbarian," he growls ashe roams out of the chimney-top and shakes off the gray smoketo a passing heavy cloud which is just about to dissolve intorain, "there? he sits in the light of his candle and his grate iscold. How cheerfully the logs used to crackle in years gone byand the folks were sitting around it talking and chatting. Radi- ators and furnaces they have today, and they are proud of theprogress humanity has made . . . the fools."And I was sitting next to the red-hot stove and cursing mylandlord who wouldn't repair my chimney. And the candleburns steady and yellowish. There seemed no soul around,outside of myself. The city noises had died out and only therain-drops tapped steadily on the roof and on the window andjn the little rivers and lakes which had formed themselves onthe street and on the? Square. Straight and motionless stood thebooks in their shelves like the friends who are somewhere,near or far, ready to answer if you call on them. My affectionsand my lovefs are buried in my heart and I do not hang mysentiments upon the walls. And as my eyes glance aroundthe pictures tacked to the walls of my garret here and there,out creeps—on hesitating but daring feet, shyly stopping andagain advancing, sentiment—sentiment pushed back into thecob-web corner of my heart, pressed there against the wallmuzzled by better sense, silenced by "what is the use" and for- gotten in the merciless hasteful strife of the day.And I lean back in my chair and I feel how the today dissi- pates into a nothing and memories pale and lifeless take oncolor and bodies, and there they stand and I see the peop'eand the places of years and years ago, and I see myself.My sentiments do not hang on my walls. I never had a picture of my mother. I never asked for one. But I can hearher voice as no Edison could recreate it on his finest mechanicaldevice. I scent her perfume, that old-fashioned heliotrope. Ihave not pictures of those friends of my youth, who sharedwith me the same benches in the schoolroom and the sameideals and who were the companions of my disappointments.1 left everything over there in that country of my birth,where streets are transformed into skirmish fields and the opencountry into battle grounds where men are murdering and beingmurdered.Will I ever see them again? Will I ever hear their voices?I see the friends—the companions of my regiment. Perhapsthe_ night is dark over there as here and the rain sizzling upontheir coats, or maybe a few are sitting around a warming stoveand silently thinking—thinking back to those happy days whenwar was a play and uniforms distinctions of gaiety and ofmirth. And they roll a cigarette . . .And they roll a cigarette.And I reach for my cigarette. I strike a match. I light it.I feel one with my youth; I feel one with my friends again,and I look at the white paper with its glowing tip, betweenmy forefinger and my big finger: my only friend. In Our Village The moving picture man paid during the last week variousvisits to the Square. Greenwich Village stories are the featuresof our Sunday magazines, the plots of a good many short storiesare laid right in our midst and now the! movies, this most real- istic means of making fiction unreal in real surroundings, areborrowing their scenery from Greenwich Village. But it reallylooked real to see an old Broadway stage coach, with peopledressed in the garb of seventy-five years ago dashing throughthe Square along side of violently-gonging street cars.Right undefr the arch the United States Government estab- lished an army and navy recruiting station. An army sargeantis trying to interest the down-and-outers who lounge on thebenches of the Square in the clean garb of the United Statessoldier and the lodging, board and thirteen dollars per con- nected with it. Long before Washington Square got its pres- ent name it was called the Washington Parade Grounds. Andit witnessed a good many military spectacles during the? ex- citing times in the early Sixties. Bruno's Garret Mr. Waugh's exhibition, which is tacked to the walls ofBruno's Garret until December 10th, is not only interesting asthe collective representation of one man's work but as theunusual fantastic visions of a man who seems to live in anotherworld than most of us. To connect the very small animals wholive among the reeds and mosses of the woods with the gnomesand elfs of fairy tales and with the fashions and modes of our day as exhibited on the fashionable streets of the city as well asin the quarters of the poor is exceptional—at least for our eye,trained to keep painstakingly apart the different worlds of thisuniverse.On Monday evening at 8 o'clock Guido Bruno will tell aboutthe Boheme of Bohemia, about the most beautiful and mostromantic of all European cities, of Prague, which was not onlyfor six hundred years the centre of historical interest but alsothe dorado for artist, writer and musician. So much, in fact,that its name, Bohemia, stands today for that much misinter- preted and misunderstood life! of creative artists. You are in- vited to be present.Alfred Kreymborg, editor "Others" and standard-bearerof vers libre, who left Greenwich Village at the time of hismarriage to become a dreamer of dreams, to live in a cottagenot in the air, but in Grantwood, New Jersey, has come backand set up his domicile on Bank Street, the original street ofour community.Orrick Johns, another member of that Grantwood communityof last summer, where everybody denied being one of the colonyand claimed to be the original discoverer of the rocky hills on theother side of the river where one can rent a house for onemonth for about half a week's room rent in the city, left forthe west. His wife, Peggy Johns, is engaged in some interestingexperiments in black and white drawings.Amy Lowell, patroness of the free verse and shepherdess ofthe Arcadian flock of Imagists, is in town, but did not find herpath yet to our green pastures.Theodore Schroeder, president of the Free Speech Leagueof America, gave last Monday in Bruno's Garret, an inter- esting talk on Mormonism, its ideals and practices. Mr.Schroeder has a very large collection of books and pamphletson the Mormon question. He lived a greater part of his lifein Utah, is considered as one of the few authorities onMormonism in America. Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics Lispenard Stewart, the premier beau of Washington Square fashion- able society, is still dallying at that famous resort of the olden timefor Southern belles and beaux which has taken a fresh lease of life—the White Sulphur Springs of Virginia. Mr. Stewart, whose townhouse is at No. 6 Fifth Avenue, did not pass much time at "WhiteLodge" his handsome Bellevue Avenue, Newport Villa, but went toCanada on a fishing and hunting expedition, at the height of the New- port season. Lispenard Stewart, national as his repute is as a memberof the ultra-fashionable set, has far more substantial qualities thanthose of a mere beau B'rummell—he has done something. Generouslycultured, in addition to having a legal education, he has been a trusteeof the Rhinelander estate since 1878. He is now also the treasurer ofthe Rhinelander Estate Co. # His mother was Miss Mary Rogers Rhine- lander, one of the chief heirs of the Rhinelander Estate which is richin Manhattan Borough realty and whose homestead was the mansion on the northwest corner at Washington Square and Fifth Avenue,occupied until recently by the late Miss Serena Rhinelander, and ofwhich the specacular Mrs. Philip M. Lydig is now the chatelaine. Missoerena Rhinelander, who led a life devoted to virginity and beneficence,was Lispenard Stewart's aunt. Mr. Stewart was a member of theNew York State Senate from 1889 to 1890, a Presidential Elector in 1888,delegate representative to the National Convention in 1896 and 1900,inAo keing president of the State Commission of prisons from 1895to 1903, In each of these official positions he acquitted himself withsuperior sagacity and executive ability. To-day, Mr. Stewart, likehis brother, William Rhinelander Stewart, is prominently identified withcharitable, philanthropic and educational work.u S a soc* man, Mr. Stewart was the most courted bachelor atthe late Mrs. Astor's state dinners and balls. As a conversationalist ata dinner, Mr. Stewart, so generous is his culture, quite outshines sixout of a dozen of our New York and Newport men of fashion whoa£e Perfect, sapheads when attempting to talk on other topicsthan horses, money making and dogs and could not at all make adecent appearance intellectually at a London or English country-housediniier of representative men and women. Shunning anything in hisattire that is voyant or conspicuous, Mr. Stewart is always so well- dressed that one cannot tell why he is so well-dressed. Never allowingthe amount of time given to society to encroach upon more seriouspursuits, the presence of Lispenard Stewart at any social function givesit at once the stamp of fashion and exclusiveness. At the fame timethe whole trend of his personal conduct of life and social entertainingis toward elegant simplicity and lack of ostentation. He has inheriteda full measure of the Rhinelander business thrift; no matter howa ®-k*'nelan^er might do toward a carefully considered charity,a Rhinelander never made the mistake of giving too much changein a business deal. • &gt;■Mrs. Ambrose Spencer and her son, Clinton Spencer, of the Wash*ington Square old Fanbourg Saint Germain, still hold the fort asguests at the Brevoort, which has become essentially a French hostelrywith superior cuisine. Mrs. Ambrose Spencer and Clinton Spencer, thelatter a scion of old Governor Clinton, are related to the LorillardSpencers and the Tailers than &lt; which there could be no better recom- mendation, so far as family goes. If you are going to be a Spencer,why not be related to the best Spencers—the Lorillard Spencers. Themother of the late Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish was also one of the last ofthe old regime to live at the Brevoort. A very pretty sentiment it iswhich actuates some of the leaders of fashion in Washington Square,reinforced by the Vanderbilts, Harry Payne Whitney and others oftheir friends from uptown, to hold an annual ball at the Brevoort,to perpetuate the pristine glories of what once ranked as New York'sfashionable hostelry par-excellence.Arthur Clayton Webner, Baltimore's society high-flier baritone, hasbecome a Greenwich Villager and is settled for the winter at No. 121West 11th Street. Young Webner, who is a protege of "Sir" Walterde Curzon Poultney, Baltimore's Ward M'Allister, and of Mrs. RussellWetmore, a well-known society chaperon of that city, created adistinct sensation down in the Oriole City a while ago by appearingat a fancy dress ball in flesh colored tights with only a leopard skinof rather scant dimensions thrown over his shoulders. The Baltimorewomen, who refused to be shocked, dubbed him "The Greek God" bothfor his looks and his dancing. Up here in Greenwich Village, Webnerfares differently—he goes by the nickname, "Mayor Mitchell" whichwas given him by the men on account of a general resemblance tothat dignitary. Webner really has a delightful voice and what timehe isn't giving to the girls he is buckling down to hard professionalstrides to fit himself for the light operatic stage. Books and Magazines of the Week Our Public Libraries are the finest, most complete andmost useful institutions for everybody who knows what bookhe wants to read or which magazine or periodical he would like to glance through. But catalogues, index cards, filingsystems and application blanks frighten away the free lance,the man who doesn't know exactly what he wants, simplywants to rummage around in things, read a little here, alittle there, and then acquire a book or the magazine contain- ing something arresting his attention. The old book storeswith heaps of books unclassified, just put together in theshelves, arranged by their sizes, will interest him more thanthe orderly stock of the most modern book dealer, who hasprofessors as clerks.I don't know if Brentano's really like it and would en- courage it, but I get more satisfaction and pleasure out oftheir basement devoted to periodicals than out of all the peri- odical reading-rooms of all the public libraries together. Topick up the last numbers of magazines in all languagesdealing with subjects of every possible description, and thentake home just the things of interest is not only time savingbut enlarging to the mental scope. "291," Stieglitz' Elephant Folio Alfred Stieglitz, the nestor of the exponents of the new andunusual in art in New York, the editor and publisher of"Camera Work," announces in the November issue of "291,"his elephant folio magazine, the opening of the ModernGallery, 500 Fifth Avenue, for the sale of paintings of themost advanced character of the Modern Art Movement—Negro Sculptures, Pre-conquest Mexican Art, Photography.The Modern Gallery is but an additional expression of "291,"which will be continued at 291 Fifth Avenue in the samespirit and manner as heretofore. Mr. Stieglitz seems tobe interested in the manufacture of violins and in targetpractice. Two pages of "291" are illustrations Of the me- chanical parts of the violin, while one page gives an in- struction in pistol shooting and the other one is a target ; itmight also be a specimen sheet of a type foundry or scripts asused by occulists for eye tests.Letters in all types and faces are displayed on this page instraight and in curvefd lines. In order to carry this magazineon the streets one should acquire a sandwich man's license. Art and Life Volume 1, No. 1 of this periodical, edited by J. M. Bowles,looks promising as a guide through New York's art exhibitions.It will keep one in touch with everything that is being done bythe recognized art world. The reader has to decide for himselfif it is worth while or not. The Quarterly Journal of the Society of American Indians The quarterly journal of the Society, edited by Alfred C.Parker, contains a lot of interesting information about the? oneunquestionably unhyphenated citizen of America—the Indian.Considerable space is demoted to Charles Wakefield Cadman,the interpreter of Indian music. The Bookman The November issue contains the third part of ArthurBartlett Maurice's "The New York of the Novelists: theRemnants of Bohemia." Greenwich Village is meant. It isscholarly-treated but not so that it loses the charm andthe romance of our neighborhood. The first Year Book "The First Year Book" of The American Bookplate Societyis now in the press. In addition to conventional Year Bookmaterial, this number will present an authentic check-listof Mr. Sidney L. Smith's bookplates, together with originalimpressions of five copper-plates of his workmanship. Therewill also be a list of members. Prize Contest The Mayor of Baltimore, the Honorable James H. Preston,announces the offer of $250.00 in gold for the best originalsetting of the prize poem on "Baltimore," by Folger Me-Kinsey, to be used as the Municipal Anthem. The com- petition is national and open to any American or naturalizedcitizen of the country. The competition will close DecemberIst, 1915. Ad Infinitum Tom Sleeper. worry, fret and troubleNothing's right and all is ChangeFacts are but a phantom bubbleTruths to-day—to-morrow strange.Changes bring but other changesProgress runs in Error's ringPlans are made but Change derangesHail the master Change is king. Richard Wagner—Egoist By Guido Bruno Wagner decided to take this chance. He grasped the librettoto go home to read it and not only to bring his wife immediaterdief but also the glad tidings of the new aspects of a happyfuture. It was raining. On his way home he passed the Con- servatoire de Music in the Rue Bergere. There was a concert.He was well known in the miserable rooms of the Conservatoire.He entered and wanted to listen, until the rain was over.The orchestra was playing the Ninth Symphony.Beethoven spoke again to Wagner. As ten years before, aholy flame was ignited in the young musician's heart. Likea phantom of olden times the concert hall in the Gewandhautstood before his eyes. He saw himself as a boy*, with the high HWBBMBHBBBBSBHIgMBHBWHk i HIUIIIJIIIBMBHMBMWBMMgaMBOaa—BfiHMI I III! lIM I Mil mill 111 llilll IMITMWI Wli m &gt;1 ■ I 1.1 111 W HWIM ideals, deciding to become a musican and to create the Germannational opera.And here he was in Paris. Happy because he was commis- sioned to write the music which he condemned!He couldn't listen to the inspiring beloved songs of the master.He went out into the rain. He tramped the streets for hoursand returned home to his anxiously awaiting wife and he toldher how he had fought and what he had decided.He sent back the libretto, broke off all connections with thepublishing house; he started work on the last act of The Rienzi;he finished his opera; he sent it to Dresden to the manager of theRoyal Opera House. It was accepted and he was to conductthe first performance in person.Strong was his belief in "his own" music as he left Paris.The recognition from his own country gave him confidence inthe nation. His life should henceforth be devoted to Germanmusic, to German drama, and to the benefit of the German na- tion.IN Dresden he had met August Roeckel, the musician andrevolutionist. In the school where he had been educatedthe revolutionary songs of Koerner, the poet of "Lyra andSword," were sung with a greater enthusiasm than in any otherschool. The singer and fighter for German liberty had alsobeen a pupil of the school and his memory was revered andhonored. Former pupils of the school, class-mates of Wagner,were important members of the "fatherland union," a revolu- tionary association which held secret meetings. Wagner was amember also.He denied in his later life his participation in the revolutionof 1848 and most of his biographers indulge with the masterand do not mention facts which are important for the rightrecognition of Wagner's character. On the 16th of June, 1848, heread in a secret session of the association, a paper which bore thetitle, "What is the Relation that Our Efforts Bear to the Mon- archy?" The contents were incendiary. The paper was orderedprinted and was distributed in thousands of copies among themasses of Saxony.On the 6th day of May, 1849, when the revolution broke outand barricades were erected in Dresden, it was Wagner whodirected the masses and inspected the sufficiency of the precau- tions together with the recognized leaders, Heinberger andRoeckel. He fled at the right time. His associates were sen- tenced to long imprisonment and Wagner was obliged to stayin exile.He was ashamed of this period of his life and never admittedhis real participation in the revolutionary movement. Charles Edison's little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guide Brunv, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsMonday,3 p. m.Wednesday, 2:lft p. m.Thursday,Friday,3 p. m.• :Ift p. m.8:15 p. m.Saturday, 9:00 p. m.8:1 ft p. m.A little Pilgrimage to the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage of the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down upon the SwanotRiver/' "My Old Kentucky Home,""Old Folks at Home." Do youknow that they were created andwritten by Stephen Collin* Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?Ceme to the Matinee on Monday or Thursday at 3 P. M.