Bruno's Weekly 3 5 July 15th MCMXVI naaq_1916-07-15_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 5 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Sapientia Lunae Ernest Dowson cre 3 Will Poland and Bohemia Regain Their National Independence? Guido Bruno cre 3-4; 6 THE MONSTER OF THE VILLAGE Illustration 5 My Favorite Murder Ambrose Bierce cre 6-8 Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 7 Technically Speaking Joan Eliot cre 8 Forgotten lines by Tom Sleeper written in a Birthday Book, 1890 Joan Eliot cre 8 Two Oriental Stories 8 Charles Beaudelaire Illustration 8 Advice For Young Authors Charles Beaudelaire Translated by Guido Bruno cre 8-9 Fragment James Waldo Fawcett cre 9 American Army Creed of 1782 9 Nietsche. By F. Vollan Illustration 9 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 9 La Vie Alfred Du Bedat Smythe cre 9 In Our Village 10-12 They do not sow neither do they reap Illustration 10 They all know him. By Flanagan Illustration 10 Where the horses on Washington Square go for their drink Illustration 11 The Carpet of Omar Nizam Katherine Keith cre 12-13 Drawing by Flanagan Illustration 12 Books and Magazines of the Week E. M cre 13 Bernhardt Wall, the Etcher 14-15 Jane Illustration 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Mark Twain sketched from life by Bernhardt Wall Illustration 14 Bernhardt Wall Illustration 15 Bliss Carman Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 What is AEstheticism? A Reply to Certain Critics W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 16-17 Two illustrations by Clara Tice for last years Thimble Theatre programmes Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 The boarding school girls had to write about episodes 17 The Unbeliever H. Farkasch cre 17 FRIENDSHIP is never established as an understood Henry D. Thoreau cre 17 Summer Home 17 For three years I didn't cut my hair. I Have been living 17 Henrv David Thoreau James Waldo Fawcett cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents July 15th, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright by Guido Bruno, July 15th, 1916. Original matter,including drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStorv of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall noliuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City. Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of themarriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 5 JULY 15th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded from last issue) * Copyright by Ambrose Bierce BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Sapientia Lunae Ernest Dowson r~Y%HE wisdom of the world said unto me:* "Go forth and run, the race is to the brave;Perchance some honour tarrieth for thee!""As tarrieth ," I said, "for sure, the grave "For I had pondered on a rune of roses,Which to her votaries the moon discloses.The wisdom of the world said: "There are bays:Go forth and run, for victory is good,After the stress of the laborious days""Yet ," said I, "shall Ibe the worms' sweet food,"As I went musing on a rune of roses,Which in her hour, the pale, soft moon discloses.Then said my voices: "Wherefore strive or run,On dusty highways ever, a vain race?The long night cometh, starless, void of sun,What light shall serve thee like her golden face?"For I had pondered on a rune of roses,And knew some secrets which the moon discloses."Yea," said I, "for her eyes are pure and sweetAs lilies, and the fragrance of her hairIs many laurels; and it is not meetTo run for shadows when the prize is here;"And I went reading in that rune of rosesWhich to her votaries the moon discloses. Will Poland and Bohemia RegainTheir National Independence? Guido Bruno. \Y7 ILL there be again an independent kingdom of Po- land? Will the ancient bulwark of OccidentalChristendom against the barbaric and heathenish Orientarise to new splendor under a king of its own choice?Shall the King of Bohemia, now one of the many appel- lations which the Emperor of Austria suffixes to his name,have again its old meaning: Crowned ruler of the Bo- hemians ? Will the ancient sovereign kingdom of Bohemiacease to be a province of Cis-Lithanic Austria and regainits national independence and its freedom?The Bohemian and Polish regiments fighting in thetrenches of the Austrian, the German and the Russianarmies believe so. The men that are at home directingthe administrations of their countries are confident that afinal decision of the present struggle will mean a newlong-hoped-for political birth of Poland and Bohemia;political exiles of both countries, men who had not sub- mitted to the prevailing conditions, but had preferred tolive the life of foreigners in a foreign country, are full ofenthusiasm, full of hope that the time has come whenthey shall return to their beloved fatherland, to theirancient homes, to be the first among the subjects of a newly liberated country, swearing allegiance to their in- dependent ruler.No matter whether the allies are victorious, dictatingpeace conditions to Germany and Austria, or whether theAustro-German forces gain the upper hand, Poland andBohemia will and must be the winners. The knowledgeof this fact, impressed upon the minds of the Slavic sol- diers by the national propaganda leagues, made them goodand willing soldiers, prevented the so-much-talked-of mu- tinies in German and Russian Poland and made thementhusiastic fighters under the standard of Austria-Ger- many, as well as of Russia and France.Not little was the astonishment throughout the worldduring those weeks in which the operations took placeon the Polish border between Russia and Germany thatPoles in German uniforms fought Poles carrying Russianarms, and evidently without much resistance on their part.Mutinies en masse had been prophesied—nothing hap- pened. The Poles kept their oath of allegiance to theirrespective governments, and submerged their personalfeelings in the one great idea: To gain political andnational liberty as a natural consequence of the greatevents in progress, and foretold long ago by their politicalleaders.Very often the Poles and Bohemians have tried to re- gain their national liberty. Revolutions against the gov- ernments of Austria and Germany and Russia were sup- pressed innumerable times. There was not a year inwhich revolutionary movements were not detected and theleaders imprisoned or exiled. But never before was per- sonal ambition and a desire to elevate this or that per- sonality to the highest human honors less the motivethan at the present time.Of course, there are claimants to the crown of Poland.The name of the man who is a descendant of the Jagel- lones, whose name is inscribed in golden letters on thehistory of Poland, who is related to all the crowned headsof Europe, is in the mouth of all. But national independ- ence and a democratic spirit never known before in therevolutionary movements of the country are prevailingamong the masses of the population, as well as among theold nobility.Ever since the institution of the electoral kingdom, dur- ing the entire eighteenth century, up until the death ofthe last elected King of Poland and the division and dis- tribution of his country in the year 1830, two chief influ- ences have tried to gain predominance in political andadministrative matters in the kingdom. France and Aus- tria have played their diplomatic cards to gain as muchfoothold as ever they could in the rich and highly culti- vated country.It was the father of the present claimant to the crownof Poland, Adam, eleventh Prince Czartoryski, Duke ofKlewan, who, dissatisfied with Austrian diplomacy, emi- grated in about the year 1800 to Russia.After the fall of the kingdom the Polish nobles emi- grated partly to France and Austria, partly to Russia. All the Poles aimed at the restoration of their indepen- dent kingdom. Those in Russia, known as Russophiles,placed their faith in promises given them by Russia, whilethe Austrophiles placed the same confidence in the Aus- trian politics. Russia disappointed them on all occasions.They dread Russian despotism, while Austria, not tryingto submerge their Polish national feeling, granted them ex- tensive rights and privileges.But the Polish language was officially abolished in theAustrian provinces that had been incorporated into theGerman Empire. The aim of the German Governmentwas to kill in the children a national spirit that mightlead a new generation to rise up against the German op- pressor. Austria, with its many other Slavic nations, leftthem their language, and, at times, to a certain extent,their national liberty. A prince royal was sent to Cracow,being educated as a Pole among Poles, and his eventualelection in case the Polish empire could be ressurectedwas an open secret.But above all, Russians and Germans proved them- selves entirely intolerant in religious matters. The Poleshave defended Christianity against Oriental invasionssince time immemorial. Polish missionaries ChristianizedPrussia, and so Prussia was drawn naturally to CatholicAustria and its Emperor, who proudly calls himself"Apostolic Majesty and Defender of the Faith."That national independence could and would be estab- lished by Austria was the belief of all, as is shown clearlyby the friendly relations of the Polish Legion and theAustrian Government. This Polish Legion was a na- tional body organized by all classes of the Polish popula- tion to defend their national spirit and religious freedomagainst Russia, but which was just as willing to turnagainst Germany. The promises o,f Germany, especiallyduring the present war, did not make any impression uponthe minds of Polish patriots. They had not forgottenwhat Bismarck had said on the occasion of discussing therestoration of Poland with the Russian Czar: "A freePoland would be a strong French army at the Weichsel.,,The rise of Germany as a world power dates back to thelast day of Poland's independence. The loss of the Polishprovinces at the present time would be more disastrous toGermany's position on the European continent than theloss of Alsace-Lorraine.Great were the hopes of Polish patriots during thefirst struggles in the Balkans, as Austrian troops occupiedBelgrade and were victorious all along the lines. Austriaseems to have come to a standstill in the war. The deathof the aged Emperor, which may occur any day, will turnhis monarchy into a boiling pot of dissatisfied nations, anda war of rebellion, suppressed artificially for almost sixtyyears, might necessitate a quick peace treaty with the bel- ligerent nations.The Poles are aware of all this, and the 25,000,000inhabitants of the ancient Polish kingdom feel that Rus- sia, Germany and England will have to grant them na- tional independence in order to establish a buffer state.They will hail enthusiastically Adam Louis, the twelfthPrince Czartoriski, as their king. His family relationswill grant them the good will of all the other empires ofEurope. His mother was a princess of Bourbon Orleans;he is a close relative of the King of Spain, and he is re- lated by marriage to the reigning houses of the chief mon- archies of Europe. He has large estates in Russia, inFrance, in Germany and in Austria* He is a soldier and(a true Pole, who wears the picturesque national costumeat the courts of other nations. His home in Paris, fliePalais Lambert, was for 150 years the Polish politicalcentre.While 2,000,000 Poles are fighting as German, Russianand Austrian soldiers and French volunteers; while theircountry is worse devastated than so-much-pitied Belgium;while all other Poles look eagerly to a happy future intheir re-united, newly-restored "Holy Kingdom," thosemen who constitute the National Committee, those whoplotted and worked for national independence, are re-&lt;signed to the inevitable new fate of Poland, to be a SlavicIreland on the continent of Europe.High up on the mountains upon whose side is situatedthe "Old City" Prague, with its many castles and palacesbelonging to the oldest families of Europe, who have givenkings to countries and furnished wives to emperors andmonarchs, stands an old building of great length, withGothic windows and many oddly shaped towers. Fromhere one can overlook that beautiful and rich country,Bohemia, whose soil is blest with all the natural resourcesneeded by its population.Only once a year are the shutters before the windowsthrown open and the great, heavy doors unbarred. Onthe first of March of each year the Bohemian nobles andrepresentatives of the population at large that constitutethe so-called "Repeal Party" assemble in their nationalcostumes to demand solemnly from Emperor FrancisJoseph that he submit to his coronation as a King ofBohemia, and to protest against the constant violation oftheir national constitution, re-granted them through animperial edict in the year 1871. Just as solemnly as theyenter the building they leave it, and go out to differentparts of the country and tell their constituents and fol- lowers that the spirit of unbroken national independencestill is alive, and to declare anew that the time will comewhen they will assemble in the venerable Cathedral ofVysehehrad to crown their King with the paraphernaliaof the holy Vaclav, their King and patron saint. It isthis political party which worked for almost seventy yearsin the most ardent and unselfish way for the nationalindependence of the Bohemian people, which won onevictory after the other, which restored language and na- tional rights to the greater part of Bohemia, and whichsees in the present war the long-hoped-for chance andmeans to establish unquestionably and irrevocably the na- tional kingdom.As in Poland, personal claimants for the kingdom standin the background. It might be a prince of the House ofHapsburg, chosen to be the successor of Francis Joseph, orthe scion of one of Bohemia's noble families; it might bea Prince Lobkowitz or a Czermin.Since the death of Louis Jagellon during the battle ofMohacz, 1526, the Bohemians have accepted a prince ofthe House of Hapsburg as king. The Thirty Years' Warbrought devastation to the country and with it Germanaristocrats, German influence. German settlers took pos- session of the land, used the pauperized Bohemians asworkers of the soil, and succeeded during a period of 200years in making them forget their own nationality.The people whose princes had been leaders in the men- tal uplift of Europe's highest cultivated nations; the peo- ple which had the Bible in its own language long beforeLuther gave Germany and before King James gave Eng- land the Scriptures; the race which had followed Huss inhis endeavors for religious freedom, believed what theirGerman oppressors told them. They were ashamed to beBohemians; they neglected their own language, and untilthe first decades of the nineteenth century it looked verymuch as if the Bohemian tongue would die.Unique in the history of nations is the restoration ofnational ideals in Bohemia. It was the work of a his- torian, the honored Palacky, a statesman and leader of hisnation, to bring back to memory the national importanceof Bohemia. It was shortly after the year 1848 that heproved not only to his own people but to the entire worldthat Bohemia had a language, a highly cultivated lan- guage ; that Bohemia had a literature, and a right to na- tional liberty and independence.In those days it was considered a political crime to con- fess to Bohemian nationality, to speak Bohemian in publicplaces or on the street. A system of police surveillancewas strictly kept up by the imperial Government inVienna, and to be known as a Bohemian sympathizermeant social and often financial ruin.And even to-day are the electoral laws such that 3,000,-000 Germans are enabled to elect fifty-three Deputies toParliament, while 5,000,000 Bohemians can elect onlyfifty. It was a clever idea to have the voting populationstate their language and not their nationality. Many thou- sands of voters who are in the employ of the Governmentor of German interests and have to use the Germanlanguage, in spite of their Bohemian nationality, in thisway are counted officially as Germans.Revolutions and uprisings occurred every year. TheBohemians had clever leaders. They insisted upon theacceptance of the Bohemian language as a nationallanguage, and they succeeded in the course of sixty years.In the year 1868, Bohemia's sovereignty under the Haps- burg rule was officially declared. The sad experiencesof Austria during the Prussian campaigns in 1868 showedclearly that the police ministry had been a failure. TheBohemians had refused for a score of years to attend theDiet in Prague, and seldom sent Deputies to theParliament in Vienna. Shortly after the outbreak of theFranco-Prussian war Count Hohenwart, one of the ablestPrime Ministers the Hapsburg Empire ever had, took upnew negotiations with the Bohemians. He followed apolicy friendly to their national endeavors, and September14 of the same year succeeded in inducing the Bohemiansto take their seats in the Diet in Prague.And great was the joy of the Bohemian nation as amessage of the sovereign was read in which there waspromised a special representative, a Prince of the Houseof Hapsburg, to rule Bohemia, responsible to the Parlia- ment at Prague; that Bohemian would be the nationallanguage and the old constitution regranted.To show his good faith, Emperor Francis Joseph, "inconsideration of the former constitutional position of Bo- hemia, and remembering the power and glory which itscrown had given to his ancestors and the constant fidelityof the population, gladly recognized the rights of theKingdom of Bohemia and was willing to confirm thisassurance by taking the coronation oath." Nearly forty-five years elapsed. Francis Joseph nevermade his promise good. But the "Repeal Party" remindedhim faithfully every year of his promise. Too much didthe population of Bohemia love their uncrowned King,who spoke the Bohemian language fluently and had shownthem innumerable proofs of his good-will and his kindness,to rebel against his person.Bohemia to-day really is Bohemia. A distinctive litera- ture has developed, a university has been erected, and highnational spirit has been created among the population.The days of the old Emperor are numbered. Hisdeath will necessitate the crowning of a new King. Thetime seems to be near when Bohemia's national ambitionswill be realized. THE MONSTER OF THE VILLAGE My Favorite Murder By Ambrose Bierce * "I told him I thought that a pretty reasonable request,and I would do so if he would let me put him in a wheatsack; he would be easier to carry that way, and if we wereseen by the neighbors en route it would cause less remark.He agreed to that, and, going to the bar, I got a sack.This, however, did not fit him; it was too short and muchwider than he was; so I bent his legs, forced his kneesup against his breast, and got him into it that way, tyingthe sack above his head. He was a heavy man, and I hadall I could do to get him on my back, but I staggeredalong for some distance until I came to a swing whichsome of the children had suspended to the branch of anoak. Here I laid him down and sat upon him to rest,and the sight of the rope gave me a happy inspiration.In twenty minutes my uncle, still in the sack, swungfree to the sport of the wind. I ha:d taken down therope, tied one end tightly about the mouth of the bag,thrown the other across the limb, and hauled him upabout five feet from the ground. Fastening the otherend of the rope also to the mouth of the sack, I had thesatisfaction to see my uncle converted into a huge pendu- lum. I must add that he was not himself entirely awareof the nature of the change which he had undergone inhis relation to the exterior world, though in justice toa brave man's memory I ought to say that I do not thinkhe would in any case have wasted much of my time invain remonstrance. -"Uncle William had a ram which was'famous in allthat region as a fighter. It was in a state of chronicconstitutional indignation. Some deep disappointmentin early life had soured its disposition, and it had de- clared 'war upon the whole world. To say that it wouldbutt anything accessible is but faintly to express the natureand scope of its military activity; the universe was its an- tagonist; its method was that of a projectile. It fought,like the angels and devils, in mid-air, cleaving the atmo- sphere like a bird, describing a parabolic curve and descend- ing upon its victim at just the exact angle of incidence tomake the most of its velocity and weight. Its momentum,calculated in foot-tons, was something incredible. It hadbeen seen to destroy a four-year-old bull by a single im- pact upon that animal's gnarly forehead. No stone wallhad ever been known to resist its downward swoop; there were no trees tough enough to stay it; it would splinterthem into matchwood and defile their leafy honors in thedust. This irascible and implacable brute—this incarnatethunderbolt—this monster of the upper deep, I had seenreposing in the shade of an adjacent tree, dreaming dreamsof conquest and glory. It was with a view to summoningit forth to the field of honor that I suspended its masterin the manner described."Having completed my preparations, I imparted to theavuncular pendulum a gentle oscillation, and retiring tocover behind a contiguous rock, lifted up my voice in along, rasping cry, whose diminishing final note wasdrowned in a noise like that of a swearing cat, whichemanated from the sack. Instantly that formidable sheepwas upon its feet and had taken in the military situationat a glance. In a few moments it had approached, stamp- ing, to within fifty yards of the swinging foeman who,now retreating and anon advancing, seemed to invite thefray. Suddenly I saw the beast's head drop earthwardas rf depressed by the weight of its enormous horns; thena dim, white, wavy streak of sheep prolonged itself fromthat spot in a generally horizontal direction to withinabout four yards of a point immediately beneath the enemy.There it struck sharply upward, and before it had fadedfrom my gaze at the place where it had set out I hearda horrible thump and a piercing scream, and my pooruncle shot forward with a slack rope, higher than thelimb to which he was attached. Here the rope tautenedwith a jerk, arresting his flight, and back he swung in abreathless curve to the other end of his arc. The ramhad fallen, a heap of indistinguishable legs, wool, andhorns, but, pulling itself together and dodging as itsantagonist swept downward, it retired at random, al- ternately shaking its head and stamping its fore feet.When it had backed about the same distance as that fromwhich it had delivered the assault, it paused again, bowedits head as if in prayer for victory, and again shot forward,dimly visible as before—a prolonging white streak withmonstrous undulations, ending with a sharp ascension.Its course this time was at a right angle to its formerone, and its impatience so great that it struck the enemybefore he had nearly reached the lowest point of his arc.In consequence he went flying around and around in ahorizontal circle, whose radius was about equal to halfthe length of the rope, which I forgot to say was nearlytwenty feet long. His shrieks, crescendo in approach anddiminuendo in recession, made the rapidity of his revolu- tion more obvious to the ear than to the eye. He hadevidently not yet been struck in a vital spot. His posturein the sack and the distance from the ground at whichhe hung compelled the ram to operate upon his lowerextremities and the end of his back. Like a plant thathas struck its root into some poisonous mineral, my pooruncle was dying slowly upward."After delivering its second blow the ram had notagain retired. The fever of battle burned hot in its heart;its brain was intoxicated with the wine of strife. Likea pugilist who in his rage forgets his skill and fights in- effectively at half-arm's length, the angry beast endeavoredto reach its fleeting foe by awkward vertical leaps as hepassed overhead, sometimes, indeed, succeeding in strikinghim feebly, but more frequently overthrown by its ownmisguided eagerness. But as the impetus was exhausted and the man's circles narrowed in scope and diminishedin speed, bringing him nearer to the ground, these tacticsproduced better results and elicited a superior quality ofscreams, which I greatly enjoyed."Suddenly, as if the bugles had sung truce, the ramsuspended hostilities and walked away, thoughtfullywrinkling and smoothing its great aquiline nose, and oc- casionally cropping a bunch of grass and slowly munch- ing it. It seemed to have tired of war's alarms and re- solved to beat the sword into a plowshare and cultivatethe arts of peace. Steadily it held its course away fromthe field of fame until it had gained a distance of nearlya quarter of a mile. There it stopped and stood with itsrear to the foe, chewing its cud and apparently half asleep,I observed, however, an occasional slight turn of its head*as if its apathy were more affected than real."Meanwhile Uncle William's shrieks had abated withhis motion, and nothing was heard from him but long,low moans, and at long intervals my name, uttered inpleading tones exceedingly grateful to my ear. Evidentlythe man had not the faintest notion of what was beingdone to him, and was inexpressibly terrified. When Deathcomes cloaked in mystery he is terrible indeed. Little bylittle my uncle's oscillations diminished, and finally hehung motionless. I went to him and was about to givethe coup de grace, when I heard and felt a succession ofsmart shocks which shook the ground like a series of lightearthquakes, and turning in the direction of the ram, sawa cloud of dust approaching me with inconceivable rapidityand alarming effect. At a distance of some thirty yardsaway it stopped short, and from the near end of it roseinto the air what I at first thought a great white bird.Its ascent was so smooth and easy and regular that I couldnot realize its extraordinary celerity, and was lost inadmiration of its grace. To this day the impression re- mains that it was a slow, deliberate movement, the ram—for it was that animal—being upborne by some powerother than its own impetus, and supported through thesuccessive stages of its flight with infinite tenderness andcare. My eyes followed its progress through the air withunspeakable pleasure, all the greater by contrast with myformer terror of its approach by land. Onward and up- ward the noble animal sailed, its head bent down almostbetween its knees, its forefeet thrown back, its hinderlegs trailing to rear like the legs of a soaring heron. Ata height of forty or fifty feet, as nearly as I could judge, it attained its zenith and appeared to remain an instantstationary; then, tilting suddenly forward without alter- ing the relative position of its parts, it shot downward ona steeper and steeper course with augmenting velocity,passed immediately above me with a noise like the rushof a cannon shot, and struck my poor uncle almost squarelyon the top of the head! So frightful was the impact thatnot only the neck was broken, but the rope, too; and thebody of the deceased, forced against the earth, was crushedto pulp beneath the awful front of that meteroic sheep!The concussion stopped all the clocks between Lone Handand Dutch Dan's, and Professor Davidson, who happenedto be in the vicinity, promptly explained that the vibra- tions were from north to south."Altogether, I cannot help thinking that in point ofatrocity my murder of Uncle William has seldom beenexcelled. Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley Technically Speaking Joan Eliot HP HE doctor sat by her bed filling out a birth certificate."Occupation of father?""Occupation of mother? . . ."She turned her head away from him on the pillow,smiling faintly, thinking of the first time she had beenasked that question. "Home-maker" had been her proudreply. She remembered an interne had laughed veryheartily, Of course she knew the right answer now.A vision of her days flashed before her—days spent inperforming unnumbered tasks, accomplished only to beperformed again. She seemed to see rows and rows of un- made beds; pyramids of dishes; grimy things to be madeclean, shred and patches which once were little garmentsand must, by some miraculous process, become little gar- ments again. She thought of miles of weary trampingthrough the shops in search of best values for least money,of racking hours, of nursing in the sick room; of all theendless round of replenishing, restoring, re-producing, solately interrupted by her illness, so soon to begin again.Her smile held something of weariness as she turned backto answer the doctor."Occupation of mother?—None!" . . . But hehad already written it down. Forgotten lines by Tom Sleeper written in a Birthday Book,1890 Joan Eliot COME years ago on August thirdI first began to snoreBut when I think it over nowI can't make out what for. Two Oriental Stories The Hungry Man and the Arab A PERSON was walking along hungry, and saw anArab who was eating victuals by the side of a pond.He went up to him, and said, "I am just come from theneighborhood of your dwelling." The Arab asked him,"Are my wife, my child, and my camel, all in goodhealth?" The man said, "Yes." The Arab became quitecontented, and paid no regard to that person farther. Theman then began to say, "O Arab! this dog which is now sitting before you, if your own dog were still alive, itwould be just such another." The Arab raised up hishead, and said to him, "My dog! how did it die?" Theman replied, "It ate too much of the flesh of your camel."He inquired, "How did my camel die?" The man an- swered, "Your wife died—and then there was no one togive it grain or water." The Arab asked, "How did mywife die?" The man replied, "In lamentation for yourson, she wept excessively, and beat her head and breastwith stones." He asked, "How did my son die?" Theman said, "The house fell upon him." On hearing thisaccount of the ruin of his house, the Arab threw dust uponhis head, and leaving his victuals as they were, went offin the direction of his dwelling. The man, by this device,got the victuals. The Emperor and the Jester A N emperor one day went out a-hunting along with theprince. When the weather became hot, the em- peror and the prince put their cloaks upon the back of ajester. The emperor fell a-laughing, and said to him—"O, jester! you have there the load of an ass." The jesterreplied—"Nay, I have in fact the load of two asses." Charles Beaudelaire Advice For Young Authors By Charles BeaudelaireTranslated by Guido Bruno How One Should Work "TO-DAY one has to produce a good deal and mightyquick and handy at that. Every strike must hitthe mark and none must be in vain.In order to write quickly one must have thought a lot. At the daily walk, in the bathroom, while eatingin the restaurant, even on your way to see your girl andwhile with her, one must think of his work. An artistonce said to me: "Art is a thing so incomprehensible andso fleeting that instruments are never handy and one'smeans never quick enough!"The same is true of literature; therefore I shall neverbe a friend of revision. It scratches the mirror of thethought.Some of our best and most conscientious authors startout in filling a lot of paper. They call it covering thecanvas. The purpose of this rather erroneous under- taking is to preserve everything and not to lose anything.And then they start to revamp it and to rehash it and torevise it. If the work was good at first, they are losing alot of time, a lot of energy and a lot of originality. Tocover a canvas doesn't mean to fill it with color, but toapply color here and there to get shades and new colorschemes.A canvas has to be covered—mentally, in the samesecond that the writer reaches for his pen to write thename of his story.It is said that Balzac was in the custom of rewritinghis drafts in an irregular and fantastic way. His novelsare supposed to go through the ordeal of re-generation inthe course of which the unity of sentences and of the workitself is lost. Without doubt this bad methpd gave hisstyle an almost unbelievable distraction, topsy-turvynessand the appearance of sketchiness. It is the only fault Ican find with this great narrator. About Remuneration NT O matter how nice a house is at first even before* drawing attention to its beauty one mentions thatit is so many and so many feet high and of such and sucha width. It is almost similar with literature, whosevalue surely is immeasurable in human figures. At firstit means to fill columns and the literary architect whosename in itself does not command money has to sell forthe best price offered to him.There are some young men who say "Why should webe painstaking with work that brings us little money ?"They could have delivered very good literature and inthat case they would have been deprived of what wascoming to them for the moment urged by necessity. Butthey robbed themselves of their best chances. On accountof bad pay they still would have found the highest honorbut on account of bad pay they themselves gave up thehighest honors.Everything I have to say about this vital question in the&gt;life of a young author I will gather into one sentencewhich I submit for consideration to all philosophers, his- torians, and business men:A beautiful conception is utterly unprofitable. Hardwork makes it pay. Fragment James Waldo Fawcett Every happy manIs likeEvery other happy man.But an unhappy manHas no comradeLike himself. American Army Creed of 1782 •"P HE following creed was adopted by the officers of theAmerican army at Verplanck's Point, in 1782:"We believe that there is a great First Cause, by whosealmighty fiat we were formed; and that our business hereis to obey the orders of our superiors. We believe thatevery soldier who does his duty will be happy here, andthat every such one who dies in battle, will be happy here-*after. We believe that General Washington is the onlyfit man in the world to head the American army. Webelieve that Nathaniel Green was born a general. Webelieve that the evacuation of Ticonderoga was one ofthose strokes which stamp the man who dares to strikethem, with everlasting fame. We believe that Baron Steu- ben has made us soldiers, and that he is capable of formingthe whole world into a solid column, and displaying it fromthe centre. We believe in his blue book. We believe inGenral Knox and his artillery. And we believe in ourbayonets. Amen." Nietsche. By F. Vollan Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner Peace at any price is merely the paling sentimentalist'scowardly equivalent for the braggart's brutal: war forany cause at any cost.Countless explosions of patriotism are but amplifiedglorifications of magnified egotism.The lives of oil-steel men so oft remind us how mucheasier it is to be ostentatiously generous than decently just.In everything a man does, he shows all that he is tohim who knows how to read the secrets of the heart inthe light of the deed.Those who have wealth, with nothing to do, makework for those who have nothing to do with wealth. La Vie Alfred Du Bedat Smythe LA vie nouvelle—La vie pour vous;L'aurore tranquille,Et sans adieu.La vie heureuse—C'est Veternelle\Une vie joyeuse . . .Et puis—Le Ciel! In Our Village They do not sow neither do they reap They all know him. By Flanagan Where the horses on Washington Square go for their drink Madonna YOU perhaps never took a walk down ThompsonStreet right around the corner of my Garret andtherefore you are not familiar with the row of a dozenor more small wooden houses which the irony of fateleft here among brick mansions and tenement buildings,a stone's throw away from the thundering elevated: asad memento of that Greenwich Village of yore, a thriv- ing hamlet near old New York. But if you ever strolledpast these houses you must have noticed the one whosedoor was painted white; which looked so clean amidstthe ugliness of a neglected side-street. Its windows wereshining in the sun: a couple of geraniums were on thewindow sill and white muslin curtains swinging rythmi- cally to the blowing wind permitted every once in a whilea peep into the rooms. The side-walk was always well- swept and most likely a baby carriage would be standingin front of the open house door. A white baby carriagewith netting spread all over it; a fat little baby slumber- ing peacefully in it or playing with its tiny feet, searchingwith its big black eyes for the mother. Often when Ipassed the little house I felt happy because there was suchan idyll in this noisy side-street. And we all are glad tosee love in a little white cottage with a baby carriage infront of its door. It is one of# the tragedies of a big city that we livenxet door to people who could be our friends and whosefriends we could be, but whom we never meet. We passby almost daily; a "change in the familiar surroundingswould cause us to wonder and to be curious but we veryrarely take the initiative or trouble to enquire. We know we would lend our help if needed, but we don't want toand therefore we walk on and don't turn to the right orto the left: ships that pass in the night.% * *A time came when I had to go out every morning quiteearly. Then I saw the mother of the baby. She was ayoung girlish thing, very slender, very pale with darkglowing eyes, her black hair combed in madonna fashionto both sides covering the ears. She stood in front of her little house, evidently waiting for someone and thenshe crossed over to the other side of the street and ap- proached the letter carrier. She was all expectation.There was a faint smile on her lips. She was very pretty.The letter-carrier had nothing for her. And slowly shereturned to the house and disappeared through the whitedoor. The next day, I witnessed the same scene. Oneevening I came home quite late and the Square was de- serted with only the cross glowing on top of the JudsonHotel; the buses had ceased buzzing and the light windrustled in the trees. Her house was dark; she was seatedat a window with both arms on the window sill, restingher face in her hands: like one of the angels of the SistineMadonna. She looked sad. Her eyes had a far-awaylook. I remember that I wanted to call to her "Hallo,neighbor!" and later on in my rooms I felt that she per- haps would have liked me to say a word to her; she seemedso alone in that little house in the quiet deserted street.An hour later I went out to mail a letter I had written.She was busy preparing Some food for the baby.Days passed and I saw her only silhouetted against her curtain, hugging the baby in her arms, walking up anddown in the small room. In the morning she wouldwatch the letter-carrier from her windowshe wouldwatch him until he had passed her door.I went out to the country for a few days and by habitI looked up at her windows on my return. They wereshut, the curtains drawn tightly. The letter-carrier justthen came around the corner and gave me my bunch ofbills. "How about our neighbor?" I asked. "She doesn'tseem to be anxious to get a letter from you to-day." "Shegot one )/resterday," he replied. "It was the first one infour weeks, the first one since she had come down tolive in the village."My bills kept me busy all day, and worrying all nightand I didn't even notice that there was no light in myneighbor's windows until I recollected it on the nextmorning.An unusual crowd of people had assembled in our street.Tom, the cop of the beat, was posted in front of the whitedoor of my neighbour's little house. He looked like agiant leaning against the narrow and low door. "What'sthe matter, Tom?" I called out of the window. "Comesee yourself" was his answer. And I hurried out,as I was in shirt sleeves and without collar, in time toenter with the coroner who had just arrived.Both were dead, the baby in its white painted littlecarriage and the mother on her cot. They looked peace- fully asleep. A happy smile seemed to be on both faces.There wasn't a drop of milk in the house and not a crumbof bread and not a penny of money. On the table layabout a dozen ;pawn tickets, the last one dated four daysago. She had pawned some sheets and table clothes forfifty cents. And a letter was on the table. Some manup the State told her that he was married now and thatshe must "hustle for herself and the kid as good as shecould. And not to trouble him anymore as everythingwas now over between them for ever."Tom, big husky Tom, who had got honorable mentiononly recently from his department for running in thatHester Street gang of gunmen, sounded quite hoarse:If I had known this . I saw her almost every even- ing." I do think there were tears in his eyes. You know Tom got married only fourteen years ago to a fine healthygril, just such a girl as this had been perhaps, a year ago.But I might be mistaken. The coroner named some poisonused for disinfecting purposes which she had given to thebaby and had taken herself. Starvation or a broken heartmight have been the cause.I remembered the night that I saw her at her windowstaring up at the glowing cross over the Judson. Buthadn't I been nearer than that cross?I been nearer than that cross?That's the tragedy in the big city. We see and weobserve. Conventions kill our spontaneous impulses andwe continue selfishly on our own road. The Buses Again The strike is over and the franchised disturbance onWashington Square- continues. The hot weather is thefinest advertising agent for the buses. Thousands wishto get a ride on the top. Only twenty-four can be seatedon each one. A lot of confusion was caused last weekby the enforcement of a new ordinance, the buses stoppingoh the far side of the street.A few new buses were put into service with so extra- ordinarily small a space between the seating capacitiesthat they seemed to be lpuilt for midgets. Perhaps theFifth Avenue Coach Company will ask all its prospectivepassengers to be physically examined and permit onlythose under four high to go on the top of their buses.The average man and woman will be forced to hang theirlegs over the railing if they do not prefer to place themover their own shoulders. It would be very advisablefor the Fifth Avenue Coach Company to open a corre- spondence school for training prospective joy-riders tobecome acrobats.Tourists are taking possession of our village.They arrive on the buses and make the rounds of ourshops and then they take a taste of Bohemia in"TheGreenwich Village Inn" or in another one of our homeeating-places. The native population of the Village takespossession of every inch of Washington Squrae, anxiousto get some of the cool wind which blows once in a while,but studios and work shops are deserted. Their inhabi- tants fled and are fleeing the sweltering heat of the city. The Girl in Yellow OT less than eight letters did we receive signed "Thegirl in yellow," all relating to that little whimsicalstory in our last issue. We are reprinting one which hasthe distinction of being short. In the meantime we hadthe good fortune to meet "the girl in yellow" and we aresorry to state that we were mistaken in the color of hersweater. It wasn't yellow at all, but orange, a very glar- ing orange:"Dear Bruno's Weekly:"I did not imagine I was being observed in particularalthough I knew my yellow sweater was. No, I was notthinking of philosophy nor was my mind very far away.I wanted to see some of the interesting people of the Vil- lage of whom one reads in the newspapers: the artists andthe geniuses. But I could see only the natives. And Iwas not quite sure whether they would prove to be as niceas they looked. I had been a bit disappointed earlier inthe evening but finally I met him. And now I wish Ihadn't.""The Girl in Yellow."Emily Stevens returned from her tour through the Westand the Brevoort seems ever so much more familiar sinceshe again took possession of her favorite corner.Jimmy Montgomery Flagg found an ardent defender ofhis art in Miss Arthur whose pretty face attracted manythousands of admirers last week on the cover of "Judge."Billy Hamilton is crazy to play the stock market. Shehas a sure tip and is confident of being able to make fivethousand dollars in twenty-four hours. At present she isbusy looking for someone to finance her scheme. Whynot ask the Lambs' magazine? They feature fun andthe stock market.Renee La Coste returned from her summer home inMaine to stay a few days in the Village. There was atime when one wouldn't think of the Village withoutRenee, but how times do change.Jack MacGrath, the man who can introduce you toeverybody of importance in New York, and the livingBaedecker of the Village last Friday celebrated his birth- day. He very graciously accepted the homage which waspaid to him throughout the boundaries of the community. The Carpet of Omar Nizam By Katherine Keith Drawing by Flanagan HTHE fierce glare of the eastern sun at mid-day beat* pitilessly down on the narrow, squalid streets ofKermanshah. Even the shrill voices of the ragged chil- dren were hushed. Save for the piercing trill of thelocust, breathless, panting silence reigned; and not a leaf*stirred, nothing save the unending shimmer of theatmosphere.Upstairs in the leafy coolness of his roof-garden, lulledby the soft splashing of the fountain, which rose and fellin liquid monotony, Omar Nizam sat with his head onhis hands, gazing dreamily through the clouds of smokethat curled from his nargihle, at the carpet before him.He wondered why he had bought it. Why that blue,weirdly strange as a sapphrie held before a flame, hadstirred at the strings of his memory until he knew that he had to give the Jew his price for it, no matter whatthat price might be.There was something strange in that rug, somethingthat made it different from any he had ever seen. Wasit the wild, riotous brightness of the colors in one partwhich gradually, very gradually melted togehter as hiseyes traveled toward the low edge into one beautiful,harmonious whole? Or was it the cross which gleamedso white against its background of blue? No, it wasn'tthe riot of color, nor the gleam of the white cross, noreven the burnished glitter of the golden thread, whichcommenced so abruptly part way down the rug and thentraced in and out of the pattern all the way down to thebottom. It was that blue, intensely brilliant at first, but gradu- ally growing more and more rich in its luster, until nearthe bottom it seemed as if the very souls of the sky andof the ocean and of the sapphire were gathered in thesilken folds.Suddenly Omar Nizam paused in his smoking andlifted his head from his hands. Like a flash it all cameback to him. The mists of thirty years rolled away andthe long ago was as clear as yesterday.Tfr No longer did the sun sift through the foliage of theroof-garden, to laugh and play with the twinkling foun- tain, but it was night—a deep, starry night, far out onthe plains of Mogan.A slender, bare-footed girl was dancing before the roughsoldiers of the Imperial Guard. The warm glow of thecamp fire lit up the bronze of her hair, which streamedover her bare shoulders and cast strange lights on thesapphire blue of her soft robe. A strange blue it was, different from any other in the world, except that of hereyes. Somehow it seemed a part of her; were the blue tochange, she would be changed also. No one knew howshe had come there, among those rude men, bearing withler a loom, on which were the flaring colors of a newlycommenced rug.There was one face in all that rough crowd that didnot light up with coarse pleasure at the beauty of thedance. A young man stood apart £rom the rest, a lookof pain and pity in his deep set eyes.I "How could that girl degrade herself to come intothat camp alone to dance before a lot of brutal soldiers?"He asked the man nearest him who she was."Only a Kashan dancing girl," was the reply. "One)f the lowest of her kind."After she finished and sank down beside her loom theyoung man went over and touched the brown shoulder.44You shouldn't be here," he said gently. "Get youroom and let me take you home. It isn't right for you toSdance before these men."I The wild, blue eyes looked fiercely up into his and hesaw the scornful curve of her red lips."Why shouldn't I be here?" she said. "Why shouldI do what is right, I, who am only a Kashan dancingnrl?"He looked at her in surprise, and then a gleam ofwonderful, comprehending sympathy lighted his face."No," he said gently, "you are not only a Kashanlancing girl; you are a woman—a woman," he repeatedpftly, "the purest, holiest gift that Allah ever gaveIpo man."The wild light died slowly out of the blue eyes andagain gave place to one of awe-struck wonder; and thena wave of scarlet leaped from her throat to the rootsJ&gt;f her hair. As if in a dream, she took the veil, whichhe had waved so defiantly through the dance, and puttingt over her head, she picked up the loom and passed slowly)iit of the camp and out of his life forever.The long afternoon wore away. Cool breezes stirred:he palms of the roof-garden, and indistinct murmursvere wafted up from the street—of donkey boys urgingm their patient animals, the bleating of home-coming*oats and, far away, from the garden's of the governor'spalace, the soft cadence of a woman's voice mingled with:he notes of a zither. But Omar Nizam heard them not\$ his eyes traveled slowly through the depth of the rug.First those fierce, wild colors, then the golden threadtwining in and out of the pattern, sometimes almost gone,but always reappearing, brighter than before.Softer grew the colors, blending more and more com- pletely. Very slowly the blue added to the wonderfuldepths of the sapphire sheen. But the more blue it be- came the less it predominated over the other shades. Andthen, half way down, the cross in all its gleaming purity.Still softer became the harmony of the different shades,simpler but more perfect became the pattern with itsthread of gold.Slowly Omar Nizam's eyes reached the bottom, andhe fell on his knees and bowed his head, for the greatestof all mysteries was in the carpet before him,—the mysteryof a woman's soul—and he was afraid. Books and Magazines of the Week E. M. Defenceless America Militarism and industrial development in our socialsystem are so closely interwoven that it is impossible to*separate the one from the other. Actually, the first is,an effect of the second. If we would destroy militarism)we should first have to scrap our industrial system—aproposition which is, of course, absurd.In "Defenceless America" (Hearst's International Li- brary, New York), Hudson Maxim shatters the conten- tions of the so-called pacifists; the limitation and abolition—of—armament mongers and of those who, ostrich-like,refuse to admit that the fierce and inevitable competitionfor markets which occupies great industrial nations isthe primal cause of war. Mr. Maxim proves conclusivelythat a nation which seeks industrial development and cunty must either prepare to defend its integrity and itsmarkets or be reduced to a state of vassalage."There is no lesson which history teaches us moreplainly than that the possession of wealth by a defence- less nation is a standing casus belli to other nations, andthat always there has been the nation standing ready to,attack and plunder any other nation when there was.likely to be sufficient profit in the enterprise to pay forthe trouble. Never have we seen any treaty stand forlong in the way of such practices between nations. Treatieshave always been mere scraps of paper, which, like thecobweb, ensnare the weak, while they let the strong breakthrough."The author deals simply and bluntly with facts, andfrom many angles. Biology, statistics, the technology andstrategy of war, relative strength of the armaments ofgreat nations, aerial warfare, all are lucidly dealt with tofurnish the wide-awake reader with a mass of invaluableand sometimes startling reading.The last chapter on Gooxl and Evil" is perhaps themost interesting of all. Comparing the average casualtiesof killed on the industrial field for a year in the UnitedStates with the average in killed on one side in six wars(including the Civil War and the Russo-Japanese war)the ratio is given as 79 to 75!Hudson Maxim rendered a national service in thisbook. America as a living nation with principles andideals and a standard of living far above other nationsmust take her place in the ranks of the world's greatfighters if she would not perish. Such is the contentionof this thinker, scientist and expert. Mother Earth Ben J. Reitman, of Birth Control fame, serving atpresent his sentence of two months, wrote in the currentissue of Emma Goldman's magazine, "Mother Earth," aseries of letters Through the Bars." Documents fromprison are supposed to be interesting. They usually con- tain confessions or express an emotion unknown to menin the free, hustling, bustling everyday life. Ben Reit- man evidently read Oscar Wilde, the Bible and otherbooks, as he himself admits. His letters are a badlv con- ceived imitation of both and the few original Reitmannsthey contain spoil even the flavor of this far-awav imita- tion. Bernhardt Wall, the Etcher Jane Mark Twain sketched from life by Bernhardt Wall Bernhardt Wall Bliss Carman NEW YORK has its new romancier. Another O.Henry is among us. A man who conveys to us thelife of the four million, who shows us the New Yorker ,as he is, as he lives and loves: at his work. O. Henry, the unsurpassed master of observation, of observation fromamong those that he observes, creates pictures in vividcolors with his words. Bernhardt Wall tells us stories,stories that never could be told in words, in his ecthings.He is the true romancier of our times. Of our owntimes of electricity, of rapid transportation, of living a lifein one day. In his automobile—he calls it his buggy—he travels through our cfty. He. has his plates with him and whenever he sees a subject of interest, he stops aridmakes an etching right there and then. The studyingof character, the detection of the real, of the essentialamong the hustle, bustle of the busiest street as well asin het lone, most forlorn neighborhood is his art.He sketched from life some of the biggest men of ourcountry. He never asked them to sit for him. He wantsthem in action. He got Mark Twain during a lecturethe great humorist gave at the West Side branch of theYoung Men's Christian Association of New York, shortlybefore his death.It is one of the most characteristic sketches of MarkTwain. Of Mark Twain in action. Recently Mr. Wallcame down to Greenwich Village,—not the aristocraticparts adjoining Fifth avenue, interested him, but thezig-zag of streets back of the Judson Memorial, withtheir densely populated tenement houses, and their Italianstreet life.A woman crossed the street, a big, strong, peasantwoman whom one might meet somewhere in Naples. Onher head she carried an enormous bundle of laundiy. She was a wash-woman, a "lavandera." Of course, there wasno beauty in her features. Her movements did not sug- gest grace, but there was about her a robust health, acertain air of "I know how to help myself/' Or in China- town, the cook somewhere in an obscure Chinese kitchenof a Chop Suey joint. This is not a parlor Chinaman forexhibition purposes, in a richly embroidered Mandarincoat.Bernhardt Wall lived for a considerable time in O.Henry's home state, Texas. He knows America fromnorth to south, and from east to west. He was a news- paper man, soldier, cartoonist, and the most successfuldesigner of picture cards in this country.Mr. Wall devotes his time exclusively to his etchingsat present. Types of the street,—the impersonations ofwonderful stories written by life itself on the faces of menand women are his subjects."If you want to know a man, look into his home. Seethe surroundings he is living in, examine his books andyou will know him." In one of those studio apartments,west of Central Park, he created for himself, a hermitage,just the ideal place to do his work in. During his ex- tensive travels through Europe, he not only filled hissketch book with the most interesting character:—sketchesof peoples and countries, but he gathered together thingsthat make his studio as cosmopolitan as he is himself.Everything is heavy, massive, made to be used, and tofulfill a purpose.There is, for instance, the table in his dining-room, anancient refectory table, from some old monastery. Thechairs in the studio, how comfortable they are,—the paint- ings, how well selected. Originals and reproductions ofmasterpieces. And then, the etcher's press and all theother requirements of an etcher's worshop, and books,books, everywhere. Mr. Wall is a veteran of the Spanish-American war.He is a man in the real sense of the word. His etchingsof New York types are. wonderful studies of New Yorklife. What is AEstheticism? A Reply to Certain Critics W. G. Blaikie Murdoch QUITE a harvest of letters has been elicited by therecent article in these columns, The Genius ofChina. The contention made there that artists should bepreoccupied, rather with beauty than with the expressioneof individuality, has roused the anger of numerous readers;and many of these, in the course of expostulating with thewriter's attitude in this respect, have spoken reproachfullyof him as being what they call an aesthete. Now this word,folonjg with the others affiliated with it, is employed veryfrequently in an approbrious sense, notably by Mr. Fred- eric Harrison in The Choice of Books, by Mr. JosephPennell in his Life of Whistler, together with a muchstronger author than either of these two, Major HaldaneMacfall in his monumental History of Painting. Andconsidering their free use in this way, is it not well toponder as to what these terms really signify? Is it notwell to enquire whether aestheticism indeed implies some- thing despicable? Ruskin, Morris and Wilde No age brings forth anything wholly new. It merelycoins new names for old things, the need for these newmames arising from various old things being developed,and assuming a new conspicuousness. For example, thesteam-engine and the aeroplane are driven by forces whichare eternal; but the modern prominence of these forces,the momentous use to which they have been put, haveinevitably resulted in an elaborate nomenclature growingdp around them, and the like happens constantly whereart is concerned. Thus the school of Claude Monet, whostyled themselves Impressionists, and were regarded bymost of their contemporaries as a complete novelty, weresimply concerned with exploiting certain perennial lawsin colour-harmony; and analogous exploiting had been"essayed long before it had received the definite name ofImpressionism, an outstanding anticipator of this methodof painting being Delacroix. In the same way, in themiddle of the last century, Britain was signally wantingin any taste for the applied arts; and presently Ruskin andWilliam Morris began striving eloquently to inculcate■that taste, which thereupon acquired the name of: a word previously little in vogue, this thingto which it referred being very old withal. For, of course,during hundreds of years prior to the advent of machinery,a love of the applied arts was widely in evidence, theGeorgian era being one wherein it was specially salient,nor does it appear ever to have been thought silly in those•days. But now it was sneered at far and near, in particu- lar by George du in Punch, ridicule quicklygrowing more savage when the efforts of the two mastersaforesaid came to be seconded enthusiastically by Wilde,an avowed votary of Ruskin, to whose glowing writinghis own, beautiful style was probably much indebted.Ruskin and Morris had been content to ask for greaterbeauty in architecture, in book-production, in furniture,whereas Wilde went further, asking for greater beautyin dress; and this request brought the scorn of the Britishand American races to a climax, their mirth at the wholeidea being crystalized shortly in the opera of Patience.It is strange that the part of the vulgar herd should havebeen taken by such gifted men as Gilbert and Sullivan. And, assuming for a moment that aestheticism means nomore than this time-honored taste which Ruskin, Morrisand Wilde tried to bring back, it is impossible to seewhy the word should be considered an infamous one. The Philosophy of the Fine Arts But the dictionary informs confidently that, far fromholding any exclusive reference to a love for having thethings of daily use beautiful, aesthetics really indicates"the philosophy of the fine arts." And what endless peoplethere are who, accepting this last as the world's true signKficance, nevertheless seldom mention it save scornfully.Many will even refer contemptuously to all active pre- occupation with this same philosophy, meanwhile appar- ently forgetting that, the genesis and constituents of beautybeing so very mysterious, speculation with regard to thesequestions has perforce enlisted the pens of a galaxy ofmen of the grandest intellect. Aristotle and Nietsche,Coleridge, Walter Pater and Swinburne—did not eachof these do much of his noblest work in this despised field ?And waiving these writers of actual treatises on aesthetics,a constellation of masters in painting or sculpture, archi- tecture, music or poetry, have left behind them volumin- ous pages of deep musing concerning the bases of artin general. The delightful journal of Delacroix is richin matter of this sort, as also is the autobiography ofGoethe; while others like Dominique Ingres, Leonardo daVinci and G. F. Watts have written in note-books theirconvictions on the subject, which figures largely again inthe letters of Keats, of Blake, of Rossetti. It must bfiacknowledged, then, that "the philosophy of the fine arts'!is not a thing to be derided. Sa now, passing gladly fromthis truism, it behoves to examine that meaning which theword aesthetic seemingly holds for a number of thosewho attacked the writer's Chinese article: in fine, anartist who endeavors consciously and ardently towardsthe making of beauty, rather than towards the expressionof individuality. The Necessity of Form It is an outstanding tendency, with the younger artistsof the present time, to deify loudly whatsoever thingsembody a strong, personal accent, and whatsoever thingsare manifestly the sincere and adequate utterance of anemotion. However, the man who writes an angry lettermay give sincere and adequate expression to an emotion,quite possibly doing this in a very individual fashion. Andthat does not necessarily imply that he has made a workof art, for without form there can be no art, nor doesany work live which is not beautiful in some way, beautybeing an infinitely diverse quantity. On the one handit may be said, with tolerable assurance, that any one whotries to write a poem, or paint a picture, and is impelledby nothing beyond the deliberate desire to make artisticbeauty, will not attain anything great or vital. But, onthe other hand, those deep emotions, which are essentialto fine artistic creation, spring from a hidden source overwhich the artist himself has no suzerainty; or as Stevensonputs it happily: "the most beautiful adventures are notthose we go to seek." And again, that equally preciousthing, called individuality, must be inborn, to try and beoriginal being accordingly of no ayaiL It is merely over form that the artist really has any control personally, sothat he can hardly think too much about this element,hardly offer it too constant and fervent a loyalty. The Creed of the Masters And turning back to some of those letters and diariesin which various masters, besides theorising about art ingeneral, have laid bare their creeds concerning their work,it is striking how very little these men talk about express- ing individuality, their writings being concerned ratherwith worship of the great works of art antedating theirown, together with unfolding plans for the achievementof a dazzling technical excellence. The tense personalaccent pervading all immortal painting and sculpture,literature and music, entered there without the consciousbidding of the artists, these labouring eternally towardsbeauty, in many cases immolating themselves in the quest,for rare craftsmanship and vast toil are two things whichcan scarcely be divorced from one another. "The thousandpainful steps we climb," exclaims Mr. William Watson,referring to the strenuous apprenticeship which must beserved by a poet; while Coleridge speaks, in BiographiaLiteraria, of the huge difficulty attending the writing of amere fragment of fine song; and Hokusai declared that,only should he live to be a bi-centenarian, was he likelyto attain the skill in draughtsmanship which he desired.Think, moreover, of all that Whistler exacted from him- self, ere any one of his pictures even approximated theliveliness he set up as his criterion; and recollect how end- lessly Beethoven refined his scores, remembering also thatPater gave five years to the writing of Marius the Epi- curean. All these men had to run a race before winningthe laurel wreath, and never will fine art be wroughtotherwise, never just by the easy task of expressing emo- tion in an individual fashion, never without the aidof that passion for beauty which is sometimes calledaestheticism. Two illustrations by Clara Tice for last years Thimble Theatre programmes The boarding school girls had to write about episodesin the life of a mouse in their English class. One of thegirls wrote:"And the little mouse continued her story: One dayI was seated in front of my hole when I heard a dear littlesqueak. I looked inside and then I found that there hadbeen born to me a little child." The Unbeliever H. Farkasch DEHINDlurked Memory,unforgettable.A headloomed the gray shadow of Death,grim, relentless.Past and Future linked together—an unbreakable chain.The Present—a void.And the Prisoner of Life,strangled by Fear,dropped on his knees before the Almightyand sobbed,"Oh Lord, how can I believe?" Henry D. Thoreau. FRIENDSHIP is never established as an understoodrelation. Do you demand that Ibe less your friend thatyou may know it? Yet what right have Ito think thatanother cherishes so rare a sentiment for me? It is a mir- acle which requires constant proofs. It is an exercise ofthe purest imagination and the rarest faith. Summer Home Everything made me mad in that darned hotel. Iturned on the water tap. The water was ice-cold. Iturned on the water tap marked "hot." The water wasice-cold."The dickens," I shouted to the porter. "What's thedifference between the one water and the other?""Just the signs on the taps, sir," replied the well-trainedand ever polite porter. For three years I didn't cut my hair. I Have been livingin Greenwich Village for two years. lam painting witha coal shovel instead of brushes and am the master andfollower of my own school. I eat in the Greenwich Vil- lage Inn and still I am not famous! Henrv David Thoreau James Waldo Fawcett MINETY-NINE years ago, July 12th was born, atConcord, Massachusetts, one of the gentlest soulsthat ever wore the title man, and one of the noblestfigures in American letters: Henry David Thoreau, bestknown as the author of "Walden."Thoreau V life was that of a consistent lover of allthe glorious and beautiful things of life,—high ideals, loveof man, and appreciation of nature.» •He was educated in the conventional fashion, was agraduate of Harvard at 20, and for a time, a teacher; butthe wisdom born of nearness to the simple forms of natureand the seclusion of solitude were his truest mentors.From them he drew a philosophy of life which won therespect of even so profound a sage as Emerson, and filledthe whole brief 45 years of his life with the joy of trueliving.There was nothing of the theorist in Thoreau. Hepracticed what he believed. He recognized that all finerelations are based on mutual ability to pro- duce, and he bowed to the ruling and wrought according- ly. To qualify as a craftsman he manufactured leadpencils and became a surveyor. To these he added histalent for writing, and "Walden" and a number of otherbooks, a quantity of good journalism, and some excellentpoetry was the result.In "Walden" we are told how Thoreau went into thewoods near Concord; and, on the shores of Walden Pond,built a hut where he lived several years in a delightfulcommunion with the natural beauties he so loved.Here he found most of the simple gifts he asked of cir- cumstance. He wandered about, studying with kindlyeye and a profound and retentive mind ; and all the bestthoughts went into his journals and thence into "Walden,"in which American men and women still find delight andsound philosophy. Thoreau was a superb idealist. Turning away in un- denied disgust from the weak pretenses of hypocritical so- ciety, he built a new philosophy so iconoclastic as tobring him, in true dissenter fashion, into conflict with thefragile law. It is good to think of Thoreau as a rebel.He belongs in company with John Brown and WilliamLloyd Garrison in that he shared with them a daring tostrike that weaker men find favor in reviling.Thoreau detested slavery,—of all kinds. In keepingwith this opinion he refused to pay taxes on the groundthat he would not support a government that permittedtrade in human flesh. He was hurried to jail, and whenhis friend Emerson called there to see him and asked,"Henry, why are you here?" the reply was, "Why areyou not here?"Thoreau loathed cities and was happy only when awayfrom them. Much of what we call Civilization seemedonly cumbersome and distracting to him. His was adoctrine of simple life; and he practiced it to the letter.It does not appear, however, that he disliked his fellow- man. On the contrary, and despite persons who wouldshow otherwise, he was a true friend and comrade tomany men, among them, Bronson Alcott, William ElleryChanning, and James Russell Lowell, as well as Long- fellow and Emerson.Thoreau has been called "the poet-naturalist" in justice ;for few men have ever known nature's attributes so wellor written of them with such exquisite beauty.He was still young when he died in 1862. What thingshe would have done we cannot say. That he has a per- manent place in our literature all will agree. It is goodthat he once lived.Next year on the hundredth anniversary of his death,let us unite in a fitting tribute to his memory. Read FRANK HARRIS' "LIFE OF OSCARWILDE AND HIS CONFESSIONS"Write for the prospectus which will be mailed to you free of charge by Frank Harris, 3 Washington Square, New York CityEdith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.Joseph McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREETB rim°- s weekly by Charles Edison, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 Wash-ington Square, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.* n^nttreA afonSCond class matt«r at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE&lt;0Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories.Greenwich Village Inn(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining RoomFrom the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation wear.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPI., N. Y. Spring 1076.WANTED you to know that at 60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on display many odd piecesof Brasses, Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m.T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y.JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring'Phone Spring 3922TOE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingTeaLuncheonDinner Rare Books First EditionsExtra Muttratfd Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCETelephone 4119 Spring40 So. Washington SfnimreCor. of MacDougal StreetBeing a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenuein Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq,ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueiiIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison