East &amp; West 1 2 15 December 1899 naar_1899-12-15_01 East &amp; West 1 2 Night-Wind Beatrix Demarest Lloyd cre 1 Comments 1-3 Nectar Clarence Urmy cre 3 The House of Voiceless Cries W. C. Morrow cre 4-10 In the Orchard Charlotte Lowry Marsh cre 11 American Literary Commonplace C. M. Francis cre 11-20 A Karnak Cat Henry Rogers Remsen cre 20 The Influence of Gemini (Vignettes of Washington, No. I) Guy Somerville cre 21-23 Lines Written Among the Turrets of Milan Cathedral Percy Wallace Mackaye cre 24-25 The Drama 25-27 THREE RECENT COMEDIES Peter Stuyvesant, The Tyranny of Tears, Miss Hobbs George S. Hellman cre 25-27 Reviews 27-32 WRITINGS OF IDEALISTS 29-30 RECENT SHORT STORIES J. G. U cre 30-32 EAST&amp;WE S T Volume I New York, December, 1899 Number 2 East &amp; West Nectar East &amp; West The House of Voiceless Cries East &amp; West The House of Voiceless Cries East &amp; West The House of Voiceless Cries East &amp; West American Literary Commonplace East &amp; West American Literary Commonplace East &amp; West American Literary Commonplace East &amp; West American Literary Commonplace East &amp; West American Literary Commonplace East &amp; West The Influence of Gemini East &amp; West The Influence of Gemini East &amp; West The Drama East &amp; West Reviews East &amp; West Reviews East &amp; West Reviews East &amp; West Night-Wind Beatrix Demarest Lloyd By Tike some great pearl fromUpheld by unseen handsAn offering to adorn aThat some dependent princelinThe moon slow rises intoThe pulseless air withN&lt;ra/ quickens' neath herThe still-poised midnightWith jealous haste he dAnd by his right forbidsTo note her beauty andThen up on lover's wingsImpatient for the joy ofAnd to the earth are wafted down his sighs. Comments the one article in thefirst number of EAST AND WESTJ. which attracted the most atten- tion was Miss Edwards's " TheEclipse of Poetry." This very interest- ing and suggestive essay elicited not onlyconsiderable praise, but at least one com- plete refutation as well. Miss Edwardsclaimed, it will be remembered, that po- etry was dead, and that its demise wasdue to the coldness, not of critics, but ofthe unappreciative world at large. Ourcorrespondent, on the other hand, willhave it that poetry is not dead, but sleep- ing, and that whatever indignities havebeen done to the Muse are not to be laid at the door of the much-maligned public,which is just as eager as ever it was towelcome the true poet and to accept hiswares. In support of his contention, heinstances the enormous popular successof " Cyrano de Bergerac" and of Mr.Markham's Lucretian poem, " The Manwith the Hoe." Now in this contrarietyof opinions, dear readers—and here weare about to make our point—lies themaking of an excellent controversy. Andthat is just what we want for this depart- ment of EAST AND WEST—a good, lusty,self-supporting controversy on this orany other subject of equal literary inter- est. If anyone has such, let him bring it forward. If he would enter the listsas challenger or in defence of a favoritetheory, this arena, well-sanded andspacious, with seats for an infinite num- ber of spectators, is at his pleasure anddisposal; provided only, of course, thathe will recognize us as mouthpiecefor both parties, umpire, and stage-man- ager, with power to declare contestsclosed at discretion, and to bring on anew attraction when the old shall haveproved wearisome. The essay on " American LiteraryCommonplace," in this number of EASTAND WEST, is certainly suggestive; andin spite of its rather cynical and pessimis- tic tone, which we by no means endorse,we are glad to present it to our readers asat least a partial expression of our ownviews. There is one important considera- tion to be borne in mind while reading it,concerning a matter which the authorhas neglected to cover quite adequately.It is that the problem of the commonplace,however important sociologically andeconomically, and, however interestingthrough the laws—imitation, supply, anddemand, etc.—involved in its production,is, after all, only secondary, except as itbears upon and influences the productionof real literature. Taken by itself as acurious modern phase of the economicalproblem—and so the writer seems rath- er inclined to take it—it bears about thesame relation to the destinies of true artthat the liquor problem and the questionof a " dry Sunday " bear to ethics. Whatwe are interested in as lovers of let- ters, is always the best that is doing atthe present day; and in our hands criti- cism should be the instrument to unearthit. If we turn our attention for the mo- ment with the author to a study of thecondition of the commonplace as an ele- ment in the pen and ink activity of to-day,it is simply because we feel that by a rea- sonable recognition of two standards inmodern writing, and by putting the com- monplace upon an honest commercialbasis, stripped of all illusions and falseartistic pretensions, we shall not onlylighten the task of criticism, but also atthe same time do the greatest possiblepresent service to the true literature andthe sincere literary endeavor of the period.That there are those we faithfully believe;and we refuse to let the immense mass ofmodern commonplace discourage us, ©rblind us to the fact that now, as ever,do men produce books born of hon- est inspiration and of aspirations formore than money and cheap popular ac- claim. Last year all three awards, in the Cen- tury prize literary competitions for col- lege graduates, were made to Bachelorsof Arts (how charmingly modern femi- ninity wears the old scholastic distinc- tion!) from girls' colleges in the East.The announcement to this effect causedsome astonishment and carried wide- spread chagrin to the breasts of collegeboys. This year the tables are partiallyturned. Again, to be sure, it is a girl,Miss Marion Warner Wildman, ofWestern Reserve University, who car- ries off the palm for the prize poem, " AHill Prayer;" but the prizes for the es- say and the short story go, respectively,to Mr. Henry Justin Smith, of the Uni- versity of Chicago, for " The Poetry ofWilliam Blake: An Opinion," and toMr. John M. Oskison, of Leland Stan- ford Jr. University, for " Only the Mas- ter Shall Praise." Incidentally it is in- teresting to note that the scene of successhas shifted from East to West.Is there any real significance in the factthat the prize poem has now, twice run- ning, been submitted by a girl? Theworld's greatest poetry, with but few ex- ceptions, has, of course, been written bymen. How is it then, that, from our uni- versities which may justly be deemed thehorticultural hotbeds of American letters,,the experience of the wide world for ages should be reversed? Are our comingpoets to be all Sapphos, Mrs. Brownings,and Christina Rossettis? Or is it that adying out of the male line from Homerand Milton is to put a premium on po- etesses ? The truth seems to be that at theage at which our young poets are heresubmitted to competitive test, a fair andfinal judgment cannot be made. Up to acertain point and up to a certain age, thewoman has the advantage over the man,in the possession, by virtue of her sex, ofcertain qualities which go to the fashion- ing of good verse, and which share in theearlier maturity of womanhood. She is naturally endowed with feeling for music,delicacy of touch, fineness of sentiment—all the graces that we call " poetic." Thehigher qualities of poetry, on the otherhand, strength, depth, and directness ofthought and feeling, these are more dis- tinctively masculine and of correspond- ingly later development. So that whilecollege boys are struggling ordinarilywith structure and the difficulties of self- expression—those of them, that is, whoare not ashamed to whirl the wall-flowerMuse—their academic sisters, six to one,are gaining full acclaim for their graceful,finished versifying. Nectar Clarence Urmy By In a golden bowl I brewLeaf of rose and violet dew,And the essences of thingsNatal to Pierian springs: (Bird-song, brook-song, breeze a-blow,)Sweets that in dream-gardens grow;Spray that leaped the harbor bar Amorous of the twilight star;Bubbles of delight that floatFrom a seraph's liquid note; Bloom from Joy's low-bending bough;Cupid, drop a kiss and now,Sweetheart, here's a health to thee,Drink the draught, Sweetheart, with me! The House of Voiceless Cries W. C. Morrow By IT was about an hour before sunsetthat my heart, suddenly chilledwith the terror that filled me,stopped its beating as I gazed up- on a wonderful house standingjust within the edge of the forest thatskirted the city on the south. Thestrangeness of my fear lay in the fact thatI had often seen the house before, andhad never found terror in its aspect.Had not abundant experience made meknow that every sudden impression likethis proceeded from a substantial source,and demanded an intelligent response inmy conduct, I might have put aside thissudden and almost overwhelming sen- sation.Many a time had I seen this queerhouse, but never before had its singularface stared and screamed at me in thatstrenuous way. Nor had it ever oc- curred to me before to note a singularresemblance between the front of thehouse and a human face. But here itwas upreared before me, not only agigantic human face, but one with eyesstaring, and mouth stretched to the ut- most in the act of screaming voicelesslyin unspeakable terror. I had seen thefronts of houses somewhat similarly de- signed, and that there was nothing strik- ingly original in this one. There was noporch. The entrance, flush with thewall, would have been commonplace hadit not been for a grooved pilaster oneither side, supporting an ornamentalarchitrave above the door. Higher weretwo round windows, and between themand the door was a narrow rectangularwindow, doubtless to light the stairswithin. Perhaps, had I stayed to reason,I should have reflected that the low posi- tion of the sun, and the effect of its rays striking athwart the front of the house,produced an illusion that transformedthe house-front into a screaming humanface; for the door was certainly thrownin deep shadow, and the flutings in thepilasters were brought out with uncom- mon sharpness, giving them the appear- ance of the perpendicular wrinkles thatare formed when the mouth is openedwide; and perhaps, too, I should havereflected that from the same cause theleft side of each round window was castin a curious crescent shadow, giving thewindows the appearance of eyes turnedto the right toward me. But I saw onlya black, wide-open mouth, wrinkleddown the sides, and terror-rounded eyesstaring in agony toward me. And I saw,what I had never observed before, thatthere were arched copings above theround windows, and that they were noweyebrows raised in the general expres- sion of appealing terror, and that streaks,looking to me to be tears, but no doubtcaused by the rains in washing the dustfrom the arched copings, ran down theface of the house. The one thing thatabsorbed me now was an overwhelmingsense of duty to answer the silent cry.Without any further thought I openedthe gate, passed up a short, gravellywalk, and tried to open the door. It waslocked. On the right was an old-fash- ioned bell-pull, which I exercised so vig- orously that I could hear the faint tinkleof the bell half smothered in the rear.Presently the door was cautiously un- locked, and then opened a few inches.An old woman's sharp, hard, suspiciousface peered out at me. The look of ap- prehension upon it—the apprehensionthat guilt may inspire—was not neededto lend strength to my courage. " What do you want ? " she querulous- ly asked. " I want to enter," I answered, puttingmy hand upon the door. She instantly tried to close it, but I in- terposed a shoulder, and forced my waywithin. She stood back, eying me infear. "It has come at last! " she moaned." I knew it would; I knew it would! " "Come," said I, taking her by the armand leading her into the drawing-room,the door of which was immediately near;" let us go in here and talk it over." She obeyed, but began to sob whin- ingly and to complain. " Now," said I, forcing her into achair, and seating myself directly in frontof her, " what have you to say for your- self?" " Oh, nothing, nothing," she moaned." And I have kept it so long, so long!How did you find it out ? " " From the cry," I answered. "The cry! You heard it?" shegasped. " I saw it," I explained. She seemed not to comprehend mywords, but sat all the time looking stead- fastly and warily into my eyes, like atrapped animal pondering means of es- cape. " Now," said I, " make whateverexplanation you can, and make it asquicklv as possible." " Oh," she pleaded, " I meant noharm! I know you are an officer of thelaw, and I knew the people would sus- pect and tell. I am not to blame. Be- fore God I am not to blame! Do youunderstand that? The judge will be- lieve me when I tell him everything. Itcouldn't be helped. I did the best Icould, and now—" She was rapidly be- coming excited. Her head turned aim- lessly from side to side, and she lookedat all the objects in the room one byone as she complainingly proceeded." —And now it must all go for nothing!Won't you have mercy on me? I will show you the room, and you may seefor yourself. I have nothing to conceal.Do you understand that? Nothingwhatever to conceal." As she thus rambled on in a half-dement- ed fashion I noted the native elegance andrefinement of manner that lay beneathher stumbling exterior. It was now evi- dently a matter of patience and tact onmy part to arrive at the heart of the mys- tery that I felt must be haunting thehouse. While listening, to every one ofher disjointed words for a ray that wouldlight my way to further action, I gavealert attention to any other possiblesound that the depths of the house mightyield. Only a dead silence filled it.Was she entirely alone? Why had shejumped to the erroneous conclusion thatI was an officer of the law? What wasthere to conceal that the law should notknow? Why should she be excusingherself, and protesting her innocence?And there was that within me which stillhad an ear for a cry for help, the sourceof the silent cry that had issued from theface of the house. I must have been giving too muchheed to that, and too little to the mean- ingless speech of the woman; for all atonce, with a suddenness that found meunprepared, she sprang upon me with aknife, the cold metal of which, as shestruck with all her might, I felt upon mybody; and at the same moment I saw herswallow something that she slipped intoher mouth. Large and strong though Iwas, the suddenness and fierceness of theblow and of her impact upon me sent meto the floor. With incredible agility sheleaped back, threw up her arms, and ex- ultingly shouted: " I knew how to reach your vitals, youdog—and my own! O God! " she add- ed, falling rigid to the floor. The poison that she had swallowedmust have had a marvellously quick ac- tion ; for, by the time I had recoveredmy feet and knelt beside her, she was ina convulsion that meant instant death. In another moment she was dead, hereyes staring wide at the ceiling, and herjaw drawn down into a striking sem- blance of the door in the house. Therewas this, then, that I had done: I hadcaused the death of a woman, who, be- fore taking her own life, had soughtmine, and had died believing that thethrust which went only through myclothes and chilled my skin had beenfatal. I rose in profound perplexity and dis- may, and a clamorous conscience beganto make demands. The silence that nowpervaded the house was terrifying be- yond all endurance. I strained everyhearing nerve for a sound. There wasonly a vast, all-absorbing silence. Butthere were duties to be discharged. Theastonishing conduct of the woman hadonly lent strength and substance to thesilent cry from the face of the house. I drew forth a bunch of keys from thedead woman's belt. The carpet wassoft and thick, so that my cautious foot- steps gave out no sound. I left thedrawing-room, and closed the door.Then I began to explore the house. There was but one habitable room onthe ground floor, and that was nowguarded by the dead; the others werebare of furniture, and contained onlydust and rubbish. I proceeded quietly up the stair, paus- ing at every step to listen. It seemed asingular thing that the tragedy in thedrawing-room, with its accompanyingloud speech from the desperate woman,had roused no activity in the house.Was this a mystery of life, or of death ?In the upper hallway I listened as I pro- ceeded slowly, deciding to try none ofthe closed doors unless I should hear asound; and then if no sound came, to trythem all. Soon I heard the low, soft crooning ofa woman's voice within a room. I si- lently tried the door. It was locked.With infinite patience, to assure silence,I tried the keys until I found one that unlocked the door. Then I softlyopened it, and looked within. Sittingon the floor, facing a window, and withher back toward me, was a woman. Herhair, long, black, and wild, almost com- pletely hid her body, but I could see thatshe was clad in a coarse gown. Thefloor was bare, except for a disorganizedassemblage of rags about and under- neath the woman. There was no articleof furniture in the room; there was noth- ing whatever except a tin platter, whichheld some fragments of coarse food, andbeside it a tin cup. The woman wasswaying forward and backward, holdingsomething in her arms that I could notsee; and to this she was crooning, in asingularly gentle and melodious voice: " Go to sleep, go to sleep, little one.Born in a prison, with the sound ofchains and your mother's voice to sootheyou—ah, dearest one, life is dreary, sodreary! But when the sun shines, thebirds sing in the trees; and when it sets,we lie down in our rags and dream. Butsome day they will come, my dearest,they will come. And knows theywill—sh—! we must whisper that. Oh,the years that we have been here, my littleone, my precious! And she is so proud,so proud! Will you be as proud asyour grandmother, dearest? Now, now,go to sleep, go to sleep. If I hadn't for- gotten how to sing, I would sing you alullaby; but the song is in my heart, mydearest, and so are you, and there youmay nestle together. Yes, they willcome, they will come. I say that tenthousand times a day. It is for saying itthat she hates me, little one. It is tohear me say it, and to beat me for sayingit, that she slips into the room so softly,so softly! But how can they come, mydearest? How will they know? I donot cry out, for that would mean a beat- ing with the chain—for saying they willcome I am beaten merely with a stick.But I do not need to cry out, my dearest;for a cry goes forth from my heart thatsome day will be heard to the ends of the earth; and then, my dearest, my littleone, there will come great armies, withbanners and drums and cannon, and theywill take the house by storm, and bringus forth into the light and life of theworld. Omy little one, my precious,sleep, sleep, sleep! Are you not in myarms, the arms of your mother? Andthe cannon will blaze and roar, and amighty shout will ascend to heaven.Then the walls of this prison will comecrashing down, and our deliverers willseize us in their strong arms and bear usaway, away, to liberty and fife!" From the gentlest manner the womanhad now grown excited, and was sway- ing wildly as she sat. " They will come, they will come! "she cried, half laughing, half crying, andwholly hysterical. I drew nearer, going to one side, thatI might see her child; I found that it wasa doll, made of the rags of the pallet.The woman was now pressing it to herface, and wetting it with her tears. Iwalked round in front of her, and quietlysaid: " They have come." She started violently, and looked updazed and frightened into my face. " I have come," I said, with the kindestmanner, "to take you away to libertyand life." She clutched the doll close to herbreast, and gazed at me in startled si- lence ; and then I saw again, as her lowerjaw dropped and her eyes strained totheir utmost width, a singular resem- blance to the face of the house. Andwhat a strange picture she made! Ayoung and beautiful woman, her everyfeature a refined and youthful duplicateof the ones that lay stark in the chamberbelow; eyes in which the innocence andpurity of childhood were touched withthe softening grace of womanhood; amanner that showed inherent pridestruggling through a haze of humilia- tion and despair. And so the mysteryof the house that cried out without a voice had been solved—a mother whosepride, stronger than her humanity, hadconcealed and guarded here a lunaticdaughter, lest the law should reach fortha hand to seize the shame and send fortha voice to proclaim it; a mother who hadgone out of the world with murder in herheart and suicide on her soul, when, asshe thought, the law had thrust a shoul- der in at the screaming door. " Come," I said, extending a hand. She slowly disengaged one of herhands, and gently, yet tentatively, laidit in mine. " Rise," I said, and she weakly com- plied. As she did so she forgot the in- stinct of shame that had made her keepsomething concealed, partly with therags, and partly with the wretched skirtthat she wore; for the ominous clankingof a chain drew my glance to the floor,and there I saw the body of the shameitself. The young woman was chainedto the floor, into which a staple had beendriven to receive one end of the chain,the other being padlocked to one of herankles; where it encircled her ankle theskin was discolored a purplish hue, fromnumerous old bruises. As she stood in silence, breathing fastunder the inspiration of wonderful thingsthat were stirring her soul, I found a keythat fitted the padlock, and so releasedher. Then, taking her by the arm, andspeaking reassuringly, I led her to thewindow, through which the red rays ofthe setting sun were streaming:. " That is the world," I said; "it is lifeand liberty. Come with me." I had never ceased to deem it an evilfortune in my life that the house whichI so much dreaded should stand in theedge of the forest that skirted the cityon the south; for it was in this forest thatI liked to stroll alone, and the road thatran past the front of the house was thepleasantest of all. It is true that I hadnever again seen upon its human face that terrible voiceless cry for help thathad greeted me some years before,though I had looked upon it at the samehour of the afternoon, when the rays ofa low western sun, striking athwart thefront, brought out the wrinkles of thefluted pilasters, and cast a crescentshadow upon one side of each of the cir- cular windows; but the house tugged atmemories that were tragic and melan- choly ; and there is enough of sadness inthe things we meet, without linking totheir potency the sadness of things thatwe have left behind. But here I was again, approaching thehouse, and conscious of the fact. In alittle while I should turn a bend in theroad, and thus come face to face with thehouse. I should study the grotesquearchitectural fancy that unwittingly hadmade it in the fashion of a human face,and again I should ask what could havebeen the strange power that had put theexpression of a cry for help into it, orimplanted within me, for that juncturealone, a capacity to receive it. And thestrange old woman whose knife had leftupon my body a spot that forever wouldfeel cold—it was better to turn from herto the brighter side, and behold mylovely young charge, made so by my ap- pointment as her guardian, graduallyemerge from the cloud that had envel- oped her mind, and, under kindly andintelligent care, stand forth eventuallyin the full radiance of competent woman- hood. It was better still to think of herrecent happy marriage to my bestfriend's son, and of the bright and beauti- ful home that she had made, and of thewarm sweet place therein that shouldforever be mine when it pleased me togive up the lonely life that I had alwaysled. I recalled the one great secret that laybetween her and me, and the odd turnthat it took one day, before she had lovedand married. She had been perfectlyrecovered for months, when she came tome in the strangest, most shamefaced way, and asked me if she might trust meto the end of the world—trust not alonemy silence, but my sympathy as well. " That is a useless question, my dear,"I protested. " Worse than that, it im- plies a lack of the full confidence that Ithought existed between us." " No, no, my dear old friend," shecried, kissing away the look of troublethat likely she saw creeping into myeyes. " No, no, not that; but what Ihave to say, what I have to ask of you,is so—so silly, so—so childish—I—lfear, my friend, you will not think me aswell as you would like." " Oh, but you are perfectly well, mydear! " I declared. " Nothing that youcould " She closed my mouth with her warm,dimpled hand. " But it is so, so foolish! " she de- clared, hiding her face in my shoulder. " Possibly it would seem foolish to anybut me," I said. " But remember who Iam, and remember that you may trustmy silence and sympathy to the end ofthe world." She drew her arms about my neck,and with her face still hidden in myshoulder, she made her confidence. " You remember, dear friend, the poorold rag doll that I loved so well when—when I was not myself ? " " Yes." " Did you ever know what became ofit?" " No; I had never thought about it." " Well"—and she buried her facedeeper—" you will forgive me, won'tyou, when I confess that I have kept itby me all this time, concealing it fromall, even you? You can't imagine whata solace it was to me, and how much ithelped me to get well and strong. I amwell and strong now, and my poor petdoes not belong to my present life; butit has been my faithful companion andfriend; it has filled an aching emptinessin my heart. I want to bury it now, mydear friend; and I want to bury it at the place where my sufferings were so great,for there it belongs, and there the last ofit will perish and disappear with all therest. Will you go and help me, dearfriend, and not think me foolish, or weak,or ill?" Yes, I would go, and go we did. Itwas I that dug the small grave in theweed-grown garden behind the house,and it was she that put flowers on themound and wept while I waited. It wasshe that wrote upon a board, which sheplaced at the head of the grave, the nameof her doll, with her own surname added. But all that was before she had beenfully sobered by love and marriage. Andthis is getting far from the day aboutwhich I was writing just now, the daythat had started this train of memories.I had expected to find the house, aban- doned since the day of the tragedy, now,with battered windows and an air of de- cay, wearing its customary common- place aspect; but instead of that, the mo- ment I came upon it after passing thebend in the road I was startled out of allself-command to behold again the mouthwide open, and sending forth its voice- less cry for help, those strange, forbid- ding wrinkles down the sides, the wide- staring eyes turned toward me, andtraces of tears down the agonized face.I did not even pause to consider the time—an hour before sunset—nor the effectof the level sun-rays striking athwart thefront. I saw, or rather felt, only the ter- rified silent appeal for help that shone inevery lineament of the hideous visage;and without reflection, I went straightforward and pushed open the yieldingdoor. I paused within the threshold, for ex- cited voices sounded on the floor above. " This is a frightful deception that youhave practised upon me! " I heard thefamiliar voice of a man exclaim—the oneman in all the world most stronglybound by every sacred obligation to for- bear, to understand, to be patient. " Yes, yes, it is true, so true, so true! " moaned the dearest of all voices in reply." But I could not help it, I really couldnot. I meant no harm to you, but youhave been kind to me, and my consciencewill not permit me to hide the truth fromso noble a man, so good and kind a hus- band. Yes, it was here that my babywas born, here in this room, and we slepton a pile of rags." With a bound I went up the stair, toexplain the hallucination, for it was clearthat my poor ward had relapsed, andthat she was living again the terribledays of the rags and chain; but before Icould arrive upon them, she said some- thing that turned me to stone where Istood. " I must confess everything," she con- tinued, half sobbing. " I never lovedyou. It was my guardian that I lovedwith all my soul, with all my heart; andI married you because you loved me, andhe did not." " And who was the father of yourchild ? " her husband asked, with a sin- gular cruel hardness for which I couldhave slain him. "My deliverer, my guardian! " sheanswered aloud and triumphantly." Who but he could have been ? It washere, in this room, that he came to seeme as I nursed it; it was here that hefound me chained ;it was from this roomthat he led me out into the world, intolife and liberty. And when our poorbaby died we brought it to this house, heand I; and he dug the grave, and we laidour baby away, and I put flowers on thegrave. Come, let me show you." All eagerness and excitement, her eyesblazing, and her soft beauty sharpenedand hardened, she swept past me, herhusband following, his step leaden, hisjaw dropped, and his face the hue ofashes. I followed them weakly. Howcould I disclose myself now, since shehad made the declaration of her affectionfor me? How could Ibe sure that herconduct at this critical moment would beof a kind that, with my explanations, would reassure her husband, to whomshe had been married for so short a time ?What in all the world could I do but fol- low them unseen now, and stand readyto serve her in need to the end of theworld ? And there uprose the one secretbetween her and me, the secret of thedoll's funeral, the one secret that her hus- band had never shared. How could itbe explained to him now, when his heartwas broken, his idol shattered, by herdeclaration of her love for me? Andhow would it be possible in her presenceto straighten out the strange tangle thather words had made, when she wouldstand beside me to protest its truth? I followed them into the weed-growngarden at the rear of the house, and stoodamid the concealing shrubbery while sheshowed him the grave. There were nowbut dried skeleton stems of the flowersthat she had thrust into the soft earth,and the little mound had sunk; but, asthough it had been written in the indel- ible ink of the Fates, shone black andbold the name that she had written onthe head-board. " This is the grave of our baby," shemoaned, falling upon her knees besideit; "and that is the name of my littleone written by my own hand upon theboard." And then she fell to sobbingpiteously. A look of unspeakable anguish twistedthe young husband's face into a mask.Did he understand that she was dement- ed? Ought not he to have suspected itwhen she doubtless began her confessionat their home, and then brought him tothe house to disclose the evidence? Isit true that youth is all folly, impatience,and recklessness? I could bear the strain no longer.Why had the silent cry from the wide- open mouth of the house summoned meif there was no duty for me to perform ?Once before I had felt the courage to re- spond; once before I had shown the tactto succeed. My duty then was done.This was one infinitely more awful, moredangerous, but— I walked straight upto him and cut the line of his far-setvision. He looked at me blankly a mo- ment, and then started. " You see that she is ill," I said; " donot be misled." Upon hearing my voice the strickengirl rose, and there could be no mistak- ing the unveiled light and gladness thatfilled her face, and shone as a radianceabout her. As he stood looking fromone to the other of us, hard, cold, andunyielding, he saw her approach me witha smile upon a face that had been pinchedwith anguish before ; he saw her placeher arms about my neck and nestle her• face in my shoulder, and sigh with thecontent of a child that had been lost andwas now found. And he heard her say,as she looked up into my face andcaressed my cheek: "My lover, my deliverer, my hus- band !" He and I were looking steadily at eachother, and the fathomless reaches of hellwould not have measured the depth ofthe gulf that lay between us. " You are my father's friend," he fin- ally said, in a small, distant voice; " andwhatever may be true, or whatever maybe false, you have been friend, andhenceforth must continue to be. I hadbrought this to kill her and myself here,"he added, producing a revolver, " aftershe should have shown me the evidencethat she promised. Your intrusion hassaved her life." And treating withscorn my demand that he stay and hearthe truth, he stalked wearily into thehouse, and closed the door. To this day,calm and contented, as I sit beside hercouch and listen for the wing-beats ofthe day that shall come and seize her inits flight, she does not know how he died. In the Orchard Charlotte Lowry Marsh By Oh little, sweet love, mine own little love,When the apple-boughs were a-blowingDid the pink-blushed petals drifted aboveSet your own cheeks a-glowing? Came there a sunbeam all unawareThat, tangling itself in endeavorTo kiss, little love, your bonny brown hair,Was caught there forever and ever ? Did a little wild bird sing low in your earThe secret of song revealing,That made the melody tender and clearInto your voice come stealing ? American Literary Commonplace C. M. Francis By T would require a very wise man todefine precisely the nature of thecommonplace in any art, and inliterature the task is especially dif- ficult, the whole matter being of the inti- mately subjective, non-disputandum sort.Everyone knows that the superfluousbook is published and that it engages theattention of the poor, tired human mind;and almost everyone will declare that the human mind is somewhat the worse for it.But, unless he is a very absolute person,like Mr. Carlyle or Mr. Ruskin, he willnot take it upon himself to say where theline of exclusion should be drawn. In anexalted and aristocratic mood, one is aptto feel a pang at the multiplication ofliterary commonplace, but after all is notthis the point of view of Alice's carpen- ter, who " wept like anything to see such quantities of sand " ? Carlyle and the car- penter, it seems to me, had much in com- mon. Were that inspired curmudgeonliving in the United States to-day how hewould tear his adjectives over the excessof printed things! How his Germancompounds would fly! " Back to thyyard-stick, thou kicker-up of word-dust,"he would say to some hard-working liter- ary man. " Thinkst thou that an uphol- sterer made the heavens ? Is there an auc- tion of the stars? World-sickness frominfinity of jabber such as thine "—and soforth. But we cannot all be Carlyles, andsome of us are not sorry, for looking atthings from the pedestal of the absolutehas its inconveniences. The more practi- cal and comfortable persons down on thelevel realize that since the majority ofpeople are commonplace, the majority ofbooks should be commonplace also; andthey accept the fact in a philosophic tem- per. It is not then with the design of mount- ing any Delphic tripod that the presentarticle has been undertaken, but with theaim of viewing so far as possible in a rig- idly objective manner certain aspects ofliterary commonplace. At first sight thismay appear a rather unpromising field;but this is merely because of its novelty,the dull and the commonplace and theusual being precisely the things that menavoid writing about, lest they catch thecolor of what they work in. Certainly themost common form of literature, the bulkof what is sold and read, deserves analysisas well as the exceptional and striking.Of course this is viewing literature in anordinary and not in an idealistic way; butthe latter is wholly unsuitable for ourpresent practical purposes. The man who describes, howeverroughly, the most common forms of lit- erature in his own day and in his owncountry does a needful work. If he canshow what kinds of writing are read bythe greatest number, he does somethingtoward explaining what so many sociolo- gists insist on calling the social mind. The psychology of the crowd cannot beunderstood without some very carefulstudy in this field. How does the sociallaw of imitation apply to it, for instance?How far may repetition go withoutwearying the mass of readers, and arethere any ideas or situations that invari- ably please, irrespective of the form inwhich they are expressed? We arestudying men in masses nowadays, andliterary criticism will have to lay asideits supercilious absorption in the excep- tional if it keeps abreast of things. Whatwould our descendants learn of the intel- lectual pleasures of the great body ofAmericans to-day by reading fifty yearsfrom now a history of literature, modelledon those in use at present ? A few promi- nent names, a fanciful description of sometendency or clique or school, and manylong and eloquent tributes to great works—matters which concerned only a smallfraction of the reading public, and thesefor only a small fraction of their readingtime. It would tell them nothing of thepopular taste and offer no means of com- paring the prevalent literary standardof one age with that of another. Thestudy of the usual in literature is essen- tial to an understanding of literary ten- dencies. To the producer for the present literarymarket such a study has, of course, an im- mediate practical value; for if a manwants to sell a certain class of goods, hemust first ascertain what characteristicsthe goods actually sold have in common.This purely practical view is taken, if notavowed, by the majority of writers in theUnited States to-day. Artistic ideals havenothing to do with the matter. It is theproduction of salable goods for a definitemarket. Commonplace writings are notthe unintentionally dull work of men whohave a mistaken view of their own talents.They are done with deliberate purposeand often by those who are capable of bet- ter but less remunerative work. The pro- duction of literary commonplace is a gain- ful occupation whose outlook from the economic point of view is exceedinglypromising, since the market widens withthe cheapness of publication and withthe extension of common-school educa- tion. New classes of half-educated con- sumers will come in to swell the demandfor what is inferior in literature, just asthe opening up of Africa has swelled thedemand for cheap and tawdry articles ofcommerce. There has never been a timewhen financial success was so easy to theliterary man as at present, and it will be- come easier still in the future. There isa growing demand for inferior goods, andmen may earn an honest living by makingthem, whether they are candy cupids orsoap-box Sapphos or short stories for asyndicate.But there is one kind of literary com- monplace which owes its success not toits qualities, but to its source. It is carriedalong by the momentum of the author'sreputation. In regard to this a word isneeded by way of admonition to unsuc- cessful competitors. The younger manwho has not yet made his name is apt tochafe when he sees his elders waxing faton the proceeds of words which could notby their own worth make their way intothe cheapest corner of the field of print.He forgets the poetic justice of it. Lethim once call to mind how these same authors had to work and wait before theycame into their kingdom, and he will notbegrudge them any of the joys of despot- ism when they have reached the throne.For my part, I never read a supremelyfoolish interview with a well-known au- thor without a warming of the heart; andwhenever I hear the chink of good goldcoins on his triumphant counter in ex- change for worthless wares, I glory inthe delicious equity of it. As an instanceof the sort of thing that a man is en- titled to say by virtue of his literary rank,note the following remarks which aprominent writer made to the question" What do you fear most ? " propoundedby an enterprising interviewer who pub- lished the answers in a magazine: " I should say that the greatest numberof us most fear poverty and death. . . .Young people fear death more than theirelders. ... I think that as we growolder we fear death less, while our fear ofmaterial loss increases. . . . Regard- ing the effect of fear upon the character:a great pressure of fear might, I think, re- sult in caution; if enduring too long, per- haps in timidity and cowardice. . . .You know there are things which wefear for others but which we do not fearfor ourselves. We fear these things forothers because we believe they may bewanting in the foresight which we sup- pose we ourselves possess abundantly;that they may be incautious; that theymay not think and act as we should thinkand act in their place." It is easy to ridicule the childishness ofit and to sneer at the public for taking itseriously. Nor is the case at all excep- tional. The silly sayings of prominentmen are gathered with infinite pains andread with eagerness. The reason for it isobvious, and the moral justification com- plete. The passage just quoted, for in- stance, sprang from the brain of a man ofdistinction and of acknowledged talent,and the public is interested in that braineven when it is in absolute repose. Hehad done strenuous work in the past, andthere was a time when he was underpaidfor some of the best of it. Now he hasfairly earned the right to say as foolishthings as he likes. It is a triumph ofprestige for a man to be able to print anessay to the effect that fear results in cau- tion and, if enduring, may lead to cow- ardice. It is time's way of redressing thebalance of his early days. So viewed, it isboth reasonable and right. In trade,goods are first judged by their quality, af- terward by their label. In the literaryfield the same law obtains, and the manwho could not find a publisher for someof the best work of his brain, may, afterhe has made his mark, almost obtainspace-rates for his snores. Thus in thelong run things are evened up. Such is the philosophic attitude towardinterviews like this. It is one of the mostadmirable forms of commonplace. It is asort of reprisal on the public, and thecelebrity who publishes it often does sowith conscious irony. Shall there be noprivileges of preeminence? Nobility ex- empts as well as obliges: and a writer ofthe first rank has earned any profits thatmay accrue to him through the medium ofliterary flunkyism. Therefore, let allwho wear the hodden-gray of literaturedeliver themselves from envy and unchar- itableness. Rank is merely petrified opin- ion, but it has its logical consequences.The only question worth asking is wheth- er it is rank based on achievement or oninheritance, on divine right or on wind.One should thank his stars for an aris- tocracy of talent, whenever he sees a signof it, and for all the privileges that it con- fers, when he sees the right man enjoyingthem. So runs our little moral. But this form of literary commonplaceis a thing apart and governed by its ownlaw—the law of the dynamics of success.It is enjoyed not on account of its hack- neyism, but in spite of it. It may and of- ten does fall short even of the meagre re- quirements of current literature. It hasfar less social significance than that greatmass of writing which is loved for thevery reason that it is dull and undeviat- ing and ceaselessly iterative. The im- pressive social fact is that the averageAmerican writer sinks his originality andmerely supplies certain classes of goodsfor the market: short stories which arelittle mosaics of well-tried situations andphases; impressionist sketches imitated(judiciously, of course) from the French;plays confined to traditional grooves indialogue, business, and plot; and poemswith a deliberate dash of unintelligible- ness to counterfeit depth. These are thewritings which are chiefly in need ofanalysis. Their most striking feature isthe closeness of their resemblance to eachother. In no other country in the world,which ranks with ours in intelligence and wealth, is there so much that is essentiallyidentical in pure literature. The generallevel of what is written elsewhere may behigher or lower, but the diversity is in- finitely greater there than here. A priori this is just what we shouldexpect of a young democracy too muchabsorbed in life to give the best of itselfto any art. Our triumphs are economic.In that field we are alert, resolute, and en- terprising beyond all others. That iswhere our heart is and where our bestqualities are displayed. At the end ofthe year in which we fought the war withSpain, we found not only that our witherswere unwrung, but that we had distancedevery other nation in the development ofour industries and in the increase of ourforeign trade. As a people we are primar- ily business men, and since we have spe- cialized along this line, it is most naturalthat we should show this bent when weattempt other things. The economic mo- tive leads always to the study of demand.We should therefore expect to find ourwriters business men first and literarymen afterward. We should expect to seethem surveying the literary market in acool, conservative business spirit, andadapting their goods to its needs with aruthless suppression of any little pen- chant for self-expression they may hap- pen to have. They want success, and suc- cess at once; not the mere pleasure ofplanting in a few minds a big unmarket- able thought. And what better businessreason is there for hoping success for abook than the presence in it of the verythings that have already won success.Hence it comes that a people which insome respects is more vigorous in its in- dividuality than any other, is in literarymatters the most conventional and imita- tive. The industrial ideal has given usliterary artificers, not artists. The short story seemed ten years ago tobe an exception to this rule, and therewas, in fact, a distinctive flavor in sev- eral of the short stories written by Ameri- cans at that time. Since then the few. readers, who appreciated this distinctive- ness, have read American short stories insufficient numbers to be able to generalizewith some assurance. At the rate of fivea month, and this is a low estimate for theaverage consumer, six hundred shortstories would have been read—a very fairbasis for induction. Let anyone ask him- self what proportion of them showed anynovelty either in motive or in execution.They fall into certain groups, and in eachof these groups the stories apparentlymight have been written by the same per- son. A complete classification is impos- sible without a somewhat painful reviewof the whole six hundred, but certaintypes stand out prominently. The localcolor group is especially conspicuous, andthe humorous stories in this class are themost striking in their machine-made uni- formity. Here a humorous effect issought by the use of quaint or grotesqueexpressions. They are not as a rule char- acter studies, but merely the developmentof incidents in dialect. The charactersare sketched roughly and with referenceto some salient trait, and the incidents areselected from a limited number of ob- viously comical things. The dialect car- ries the story. Not long ago fully fiftyper cent, of the American short storieswere of this sort, in which not the au- thor's art, but his note-book was predomi- nant. A few pioneers had happened toemploy dialect in a legitimate way assubsidiary to their artistic aims. Theirsuccess had the undesired effect of found- ing what proved to be an actual " hain't"and " d'ruther " school, in which dialectwas not the means, but the end. In pro- portion to the amount of effort expendedupon it, this has been one of the mostlucrative lines of commonplace in recentfiction, for the selling feature was con- spicuous and easy of imitation. UncleSilas and his cider barrel, Miss Eu- phemia's cat, the Deacon's courtship, theinevitable dialogue between the two oldNew England ladies, etc., underwentmany variations, but in essentials were repeated by the thousands. The averagereader was as well pleased with the medi- ocre as with the best. The literary econo- mist perceived this and turned out iden- tical stories with the ease and mechanicalprecision of a huge factory. We had lit- tle essays in kodak realism from everyState in the Union. Simple variations inexternals cheated the reviewers, and theysaid solemn things about local color, as ifthat were an artistic ideal all by itself.They spoke of sectionalism and subtletendencies and close observation at firsthand and other profound matters, withoutstopping to consider whether nine-tenthsof the stories in the local color group werenot fashioned after existing models withonly such variations as a prudent busi- ness man would feel constrained to intro- duce. And if the reviewers were de- ceived, think of the average reader. Tohim the crudest kind of reproductive de- vices have the effect of realism—devicesin literature which correspond to that ofintroducing a real threshing-machine or alive baby on the stage. Essential noveltydispleases him, if he notices it at all. Su- perficial novelty is his delight, but he mustbe standing on good solid familiar groundto enjoy it. The homely language, theobvious humor, and the grotesque inci- dents of the local-color stories appeal tohim. In other respects there must beidentity with what he is used to. Longafter the few active-minded persons havegrown weary, he continues to enjoy. Very familiar facts, these, and yetwriters on American literary tendenciesfail utterly to see their significance. Inthe first place, this attitude of the popularmind is what gives the commonplace inliterature its prompt success. As a resultof it the commonplace is the most promis- ing financial field for the literary manto-day. It tempts men into it who have ca- pacity for better things. It puts a premi- um on compilation as opposed to compo- sition. It completely reverses the artisticcanon and requires that a man shall notthink what he has to say and how best to say it, but what people wish to have himsay and in what form they expect himto say it. It draws ten commonplacebooks from him instead of one good one.He writes badly not because he lacks liter- ary talent, but because he possesses busi- ness sagacity. He writes with a dividedmind, the better half of it being on thepublic. If, instead of pounding away at realism,romanticism, nationalism, provincialism,and other mystic matters, the criticswould study the commonplace in connec- tion with the peculiar imitativeness of theAmerican literary man, they might makemore plausible forecasts of our literaryfuture. The sanguine see all sorts ofglorious things in prospect—a truly na- tional literature, a literature of nativeforce and distinctiveness, following some- how in the wake of national expansion.Their reasoning is simple. By acquiringthe Philippines we shall attain nationalself-consciousness; and, national self-con- sciousness once attained, it follows as thelight the day that we shall produce greatwriters. It is not convincing. Nor isthere much comfort to be had from the as- surance of others, that because we havegone so long without great men we arebound to have them soon. " About timefor a genius," they say, more wistfullythan wisely. " The ingrained idealism ofthe American nature needs clear and com- manding expression," says Mr. HamiltonMabie. It needs it, therefore it will getit, is the essence of his argument. Such dream-language makes very littleimpression on one who has studied theever-widening domain of the common- place in American literature. There isevery reason to think that the iterativequality will increase rather than diminish.Besides the constant additions to the num- ber of half-educated consumers alreadymentioned, there is the fact of specializa- tion to be reckoned with. The specialistis an important factor in the literary de- mand and a factor that obstructs artisticprogress. By the law of probabilities, if you hear of a man merely that he is ahighly trained, skilful, and successfulspecialist in some one line, you have aright to presume that he is lacking inother lines. In general culture, even inthe art of enjoying life, there is an ante- cedent probability that he will be belowthe average. If his success is due to ex- ceptional talent, nature is economical andexacts pay from some other part of him.If it is due to exceptional industry, onefaculty is probably developed at the ex- pense of others. This is safe as a generalstatement, though the exceptions arenumerous and obvious. Now the time ofa man's life, during which he may devotehimself to learning how to live and how toenjoy, is being cut down every year.With the disappearance of the Americancollege, which is inevitable, technicalwork will probably begin at the age ofeighteen. Of course a young man maytake " culture studies " in the university,but competition will prevent many fromdoing so. Every succeeding decadepromises to drive the technical studiesdown a peg nearer to the years of infancy.We Americans are too shrewd econo- mists not to appreciate the importance ofthe division of labor, and we will carry itas far as any other people in the world.At all events the lengthening and narrow- ing process in education is certainly onthe increase with us, and it will as cer- tainly lower the literary standard. The very fact that we are a strong andprogressive nation points the same way.A community cannot remain strong andprogressive without intense specializationin the industries and professions. Indus- trially we owe our superiority to thiscause. Note M. Levasseur's recent com- parison of the industrial methods em- ployed here and there in France. At thesame time a high degree of social uni- formity is essential to a democracy likeours. We hear much of the evils of ar- raying class against class. Decisive andharmonious social action is an element ofnational strength; but you cannot make men think uniformly for purposes of poli- tics and think differently for purposes ofart. Here, then, are the conditions of thefuture: A narrower education, beginningearlier in life; a larger body of specialistsin all industries and professions; a socialmass with greater homogeneity in thoughtand feeling; a nation with a splendideconomic record behind it and absorbedin plans for economic triumphs in the fut- ure. What will the literary man do withthese promising materials? The proba- bility is that he will exploit them along theline of least resistance; and then as nowthe promptest and surest road to successwill be by way of the commonplace. Whatis there that should raise the standard?The overflow of men's lives will be evenscantier than at present. The more dis- criminating taste that comes from think- ing over books will be found among asmaller proportion of the people. Forthese, of course, the real works of art willcontinue to be produced, and the weightof their influence may be sufficient to im- pose some of them on the crowd. But thedaily literary consumption, the great massof what is read, will have fewer artisticqualities than at present. Even now the popular demand is souniform, that it would be a feasible planto establish training-schools for literaryproducers. It is by no means as unprac- tical as it seems. Compare the qualities,for instance, which one hundred shortstories of the second rank have in com- mon. Their elements are not indefinable,nor is their mechanism especially com- plex. There is nothing about them tolead you to say that one author could nothave written this or the other that. Acareful recombining of the elements withan avoidance of anything like verbalplagiarism would, I believe, give a re- sultant story quite as good as any in thelist. It would probably find a publisher,since it would have about it those remi- niscences of success which a publisher al- ways values. Artistic gifts, of course, areuntransmittable, but the production of literary commonplace can be taught justas surely as the making of any other ar- ticle can be taught. Vanity alone pre- vents a man from telling others how hecame to succeed in it. He could call theyouthful aspirant to his knee and tell himmany things that would help him toachieve the same results. It is dishonest to discourage the manwho wants to earn his living by writing.The whole field of hackney ism lies opento him. It is infinitely hospitable. Thereis always room for one more, and it pays.To the majority of readers literary com- monplace is the breath of their life. Theybuy it from day to day in increasing quan- tities. They will pay for it pretty nearlyall that is asked. From their standpointthe note of imitation against which thecritic warns the young is precisely thething to be preserved. The critic warnsthe young man from the point of view ofthe few and possibly of posterity; but theyoung man is apt to have his eye on themany and on the present, and in such acase who can honestly tell him that theoutlook is discouraging? No young mansufficiently normal to be at large, shouldfind anything discouraging to his chancesof success when he surveys the printedmatter bought and sold in the UnitedStates to-day. There are two classes of literaryworkers: the transmitters and the trans- mitters. With the former this paper hasno concern. They are the men whoseminds leave an impression on whatpasses through them. Their function isto please the few by a force that is ele- mental and beyond analysis. The trans- mitters, on the other hand, leave thingsexactly as they find them. They areneeded by society for purposes of repeti- tion. They are nature's hectographs.As such their office is most useful, for inthe earlier stages of instruction iterationis necessary. They supply the kindergar- ten material for the less advanced. Inthis country the demand for their workis on the increase, for as time goes on there is an increase in the number of thosewho are at the kindergarten stage. Inliterature as in farming, the extensive,rather than the intensive, system of cult- ure prevails in a new country. The young man whom the critic dis- courages should bear this in mind. Sofar as ideal success is concerned the criticis probably right. No amount of industrywill make him one of the transmuters,and he may as well recognize from thestart that the identification of genius witha capacity for taking pains, is a fiction in- vented as a solace for the meanly en- dowed. But as a transmitter of tame,familiar things his prospects are good,and he is justified in disregarding thewarnings of his elders. If he is withoutany especial talent there is just one warn- ing to which he should give heed. It is,Avoid the pose and cleave unto the plati- tude. The pose is not profitable in thelong run; the platitude is always profit- able. The advice of the more experiencedwriter is likely to be lacking in frankness.It assumes that an imponderable some- thing, which is called literary merit, is adeterminant of success, and it ignores thebroad and promising field of literary en- deavor in which this quality has nothingwhatever to do with success. In view ofwhat is actually published it is preposter- ous to dwell on the difficulties in the wayof a young writer. The very negativeside of him, the absence of those qualitieswhich the few prize so highly, may be oneof the chief elements in his success, bysmoothing his way and giving him alarger audience. When he is fairlystarted he has little to fear from the critics.The old-fashioned slashing criticism thatslaughtered infants has passed away, andin the United States criticism is now al- most motherly. The reviewer is a verybusy person with a memory impaired bythe habit of reading with intent to forget.The familiar ring of things often escapeshim; at least he seldom analyzes a pieceof work to find out what is new and what is copied from others. His attitudetoward American writers betrays apleased surprise that they should be ableto write at all. The mere fact of print isjustifying. If he can find nothing elseto say for it, he will remark that the au- thor's attempt is praiseworthy, or that itis the sort of book that will no doubtplease those who are inclined to that sortof reading. Commonplace is seldom at- tacked on the ground of its commonplace- ness. The only test of artistic power isthe solvent criticism that separates a workinto its elements. This test is not applied.As an analytical chemistry it involves theuse of acids; and the acids of criti- cism are hard to handle, because theauthor squirms and the critic loses hishead. American reviewers are, again, moreconcerned with substance than with form,with the moral lesson than with the ar- tistic quality— a fact which of itself letsdown the bars to mediocrity. Externalpoints of likeness between writings are ofcourse remarked. The resemblance inmotive of Kipling's " Brushwood Boyand Du Maurier's " Peter Ibbetson," forinstance, will not escape them; but the un- conscious reproduction of another's style,as in the case of the latter writer's imita- tion of Thackeray in long passages andalmost to the very phrases, is passedover with little comment. There is alsoa schoolman's deference to authority inclassifying authors and in cataloguing thequalities of their work. Zola, for in- stance, is set down in the books as a real- ist or as a naturalist. Reviewers, there- fore, will have it so, even when they arepointing out the peculiar moral thesis thateach novel is designed to prove, and show- ing how those unfleshed allegories, thecharacters, are manipulated to prove it.There is, in fact, very little American crit- icism, and the general result of the hap- hazard writing that often goes under thatname is to place a premium on common- place. Of the fact that unconscious imitation is singularly potent in American litera- ture, there are many signs. Why are thecritical few always peering at the horizonline if the original writers are among us ?Why do the most sanguine of them go onimporting their novelties from abroad?Why all this talk about the great Ameri- can novel which is always to come, andwhy this feverish applause of each youngman of promise, who continues merely topromise? As to American plav-writingthe less said the better. To desire literarymerit in a play is to set yourself down asa visionary person ignorant of what con- stitutes a good play. Literary common- place is entrenched on our stage more im- pregnably than anywhere else. Again,ask any literary man to tell you how manymen in his profession really fit their wordsto their own thoughts. He will give youinstance after instance of success by com- promise, success by adaptation and imita- tion. The policy of magazines must berespected; traditions observed. Self-ex- pression is bad finance, unless one's talentis a very big one. Better write much andlive well than do the few fine things thatwill not pay bills. Hence the man witha little talent differentiating him from therest of the herd, hides it and writes like asophomore—writes on everything, cleansout his own stock of ideas, and falls backon other people's; but always writes, forit pays him. The writer of commonplace is gener- ally an unconscious compiler. He in- voluntarily reproduces what he admiresor what he thinks others admire. Pres- ent conditions make it hard for him to dootherwise, for it is the day of over-muchreading and of reading without fixity ofattention. A hundred little ideas andphrases stay in the memory and are mis- taken for one's own. One's skull be- comes, in fact, a cave of echoes. Peopleread beyond the capacity of their intel- lects. Only the strongest minds can re- cast the vast material that they workupon. Think of the enormous areas ofprint that owe their existence to the ex- ample of a single man of talent. Take theCharles Dudley Warner manner, for in- stance; how it dominates those columnswhose writers strain after what they con- ceive to be the light, agreeable, semi-de- tached attitude toward men and things.They grit their teeth and say, " Now I willbe graceful and genial, but at the sametime thoughtful and world-wise." Andthen with many " by-the-ways " and " as-I-was-sayings," they fill up their littlecorner of chat, or comment, or on-look- ing, or view-pointing, with hesitating as- sertions of the self-evident, or elaboraterebuttals of the unbelieved; reproducingtheir prototype only in externals. Themere dilution of Mr. Warner affords themeans of subsistence to many a worthysoul. And a hundred similar instances mightbe cited from current literature, but mypurpose has been not so much to provethe prevalence of the commonplace as topoint the way to a proper study of cer- tain of its aspects. The importance ofimitation, both as a social factor and as aninfluence in artistic development, has notbeen appreciated. Socially speaking,literary iteration is necessary, and themen who follow it as a trade are usefulcitizens. It will be as foolish to lamentthe twentieth historical novel, by Mr.Stanley Weyman, or the fiftieth serialstory by Mr. Marion Crawford, as toquarrel with the number of steel rails orschool arithmetics. Artistically speak- ing, however, a higher standard would bedesirable, for it would spare trouble tothe few. Such a higher standard cancome only by way of a more careful an- alytical criticism which gives a warningto those who will heed it—the sort of crit- icism that while admitting the social ne- cessity of imitation makes the fact of imi- tation very clear. It will not keep thecommonplace writer from his own, butit will indicate his commonplaceness in amanner that will prevent him from enter- ing the wrong house. It will allow himno delusion as to the character of his clientele. It will show what is purely me- chanical and factitious in each new work,and explain how popular effects can beobtained. It will thus aid and encouragethe literary novice at the same time that itgives a useful hint to the excusably blase reader. The new critics will rememberthe large number of very weary readerswho, incited by the halloos of reviewers,have joined in uncomfortable stampedesin the past. They will spare them when- ever it is possible. A Karnak Cat Henry Rogers Remsen By There is a little story,That often comes quite pat,Of a dear English lady, trusting,Who bought a Karnak Cat—"Old terracotta, made of clayPoor Israel baked on that sad dayWhen Pharaoh took their straw away." The pride of all her householdThis gem of olden time;Her friends pronounced it "true antique,"A poet made a rhymeAbout "his ancient idolship,"Until one day it chanced to slip,And, falling, split from ear to hip!&amp; Alas ! for all its sacredness!The mould was plain enough,Of sham red terracottaWhere the paint was cracked and rough.And so the Karnak Cat was new—A thing of plaster, paint, and glue!I think it served her right, don't you?Ah, yes,And yetDon't we nurse Karnak Kittens, too? The Influence of Gemini(Vignettes of Washington, No. I) Guy Somerville By rHE Secretary of State in thosedays was young and beautiful—something which has not beenusual with Secretaries of Statebefore or since. Also, he was fabulouslyrich, and a bachelor; and, if anythingfurther be wanting to a complete under- standing of his popularity in Washingtonsociety, I have only to add that he was adevil by nature, and my very intimatefriend. This is the gospel of his entrap- ment and reclaiming, of how he wasobliged to forswear sack, and marry andrear little Secretaries of State for thefuture needs of his country, and keep aplace at Lenox. That final Season was a late one—notthat the leaves remained unduly longupon the trees, but the diplomatic recep- tion at the White House did not take placeuntil the middle of January, and in Wash- ington the Season waits for this. At thattime, Madame Wassini had just begunto give " things." Persons who did notlike Madame Wassini were wont to saythat her guests were not always eitherthe glass of fashion or the mould of form;but, as that charming woman once toldNesbitt—Nesbitt of Texas—when hesought to prune down her visiting list," To be good form, in these days, is notnearly so important as to be some one ofsubstance; and, as for a glass of fashion,who do you suppose, dear Mr. Nesbitt,would dally with such a temperancedrink, when he can come here and haveVeuve Clicquot? And, if he likes, hemay have it in a tankard." Which Nes- bitt did, and the next year he was thefloor leader of the House. But there wasno nexus between these things. It was at the Wassini's, and the nightwas the third of March, that the Secre- tary of State saw first the handwriting onthe wall. He came to me when the feasthad gone the way of all feasts, and wewalked down Massachusetts Avenue armin arm. Those were days when we wereall agreed that the Secretary of State wasthe Secretary, and when we called him,consequently, " Sec: " for short, and notin thinly-veiled admiration of his chronicdryness. " Sec," I said. " Yes," he answered, absently. " Give it a name," said I. He started slightly, but was firm. " Not another drop to-night," he said." There's a cabinet meeting in the morn- • jyin g. " If you're not dry," quoth I, " why doyou think ? " Then he dealt me a sudden blow. " Old chum," said he, " I'm in love." " If you have been so vulgar," said I," as to be carried away by the wife of theBrazilian Minister " He held up his hand protestingly. " Not that," he said, with a shudderthat was faultless. " Oh, well," said I, " if it is the Bulgar- ian Charge d'Affaires " " It is not," he said, " the BulgarianCharge d'Affaires." " Let us drink," said I, nonplussed." Who ? in the name of the ContinentalCongress!" Then he threw his cigar at the Vlbe-President's porte-cochere, and he told methe thing's that follow. " There are two," he said, " and I donot know which She is. Two maids drive out each afternoon on the road that leadsto the Soldiers' Home, and they dress ingray, and are beautiful, and twins. Eachafternoon, for some time past, I have bychance been riding somewhere in the di- rection of the Soldiers' Home. I do notknow who they are, or from where, butI am in love with one of them, and, asthey are exactly alike, it is, of course, im- possible for me to know which. Tell mewhich, and, if you like, you shall go toLisbon in the morning. I would sayMadrid, but there are mobs; and the onlyother vacancy is Stockholm, which youwould not like, because you are a con- firmed bachelor, and the people theremake matches." Said I, thoughtfully, " The maids arein truth much alike." He started. "You know them," hesaid. " Tell me who they are and I willmake a vacancy at Paris." " In a sort of a distant, far-reachingway they are almost friends of mine," Isaid, easily. " Introduce me, and, if it be not for theAct of God, the Senate, or other hostiletribes, you shall have London." " The one," said I, " is Lady StanfordMerton, whose husband you may remem- ber in connection with the reciprocitytreaty of a few years ago. It is his sec- ond wife, and she has sent him to lookfor the South Pole. The other is hersister, Miss Winthrop, of the Downs,Belsingham, Werts. Her first name isBella, and she is surnamed the Bad.Bella-the-Bad: which sounds like a townin India." "It sounds," said the Secretary ofState, " like the report of a mercantileagency. I think lam in love with themarried one." I grew uncomfortable as to my collarand tie. " I feel," said I, " decidedlysticky. It is astonishing how sticky youget. I think you must be mistaken aboutits being Lady Merton. Sir Stanford isphenomenally jealous, and he has foughteleven duels." " Now," said the Secretary of State, " Iam quite sure. Here is where I turn in.May I offer you a bunk ? You shall havethe mattress that is stuffed with Pan-American protocols." But I wouldn't, because the wholeUnited States had slept on those proto- cols, and they were passing hard. So Iwent on to the club; and that night, as Ilaid me down to rest, I said a prayer forLady Stanford Merton, her immortalsoul. The next time I saw him was after oneof the Bachelors', while leaving La Was- sini at her house in lowa circle. Justacross the circle was the Merton resi- dence, and another carriage drove up asours clattered away, and the Secretaryof State came out of it, and reached intoit again, and took out Lady Merton andMiss Winthrop. I knew Lady Mertonby the purple gown I had seen her wearthe evening before at the Blares' dinner;and I saw her go up the steps firstand leave him at the bottom with theother. There was a lamp upon the corner, andby its light, as I am a truthful man, andlive by the wits of my buried father, I sawthe Secretary of State bend low and kissMiss Winthrop's hand. Not as a French- man or an Austrian might have kissed it,but as only an American can, and anAmerican gentleman, and one very muchcarried away. "It will be in the ' Post' to-morrow,"whispered La Wassini in my ear, and Icould see she was shaking with laughter." Mon Dieu, the good Secretary! If itwere not such bad form, I would alreadythrow at him my slipper. Is it notVenus and the young Paris? " " He is giving her the fruit," said I,puzzled. But they took no notice, thosethree across the way, and presently MissWinthrop also went up the stoop, andboth ladies said good-night, and the Sec- retary raised his hat and the big doorbanged and he left them. It was in New York, the next week, whither all Washington had gone for theShow. La Wassini had three entries, allher own, and when at the end of thingsshe had as many ribbons, her glee was asthe glee of a child. Together we walked,the morning after, down Twenty-thirdStreet; and there met us the Secretary ofState, and his face was the face of acherub who has discovered the store-roomof the Seraphim, and stolen some of theirjam. " All hail to thee, Benedick that is tobe," said I. He laughed a little consciously, andcolored, seeing La Wassini. He hadnever colored before, his whole lifelong. " It's secret," he said. " Of course," said La Wassini. " I hardly expected," I added, " thatyou would care to proclaim it just yetfrom the Monument." " I am afraid," said he (and he gaveme a black look), " that you have lookedover my shoulder, and seen my hand." " Not nearly so plainly," broke in LaWassini, " as you have looked over a cer- tain other person's shoulder, and seenhand." " At any rate," said I, " I have nevertouched " " Or kissed "—broke in the Wassini. But we both stopped because he lookedso shocked. "It was the Bachelors' claret," hepleaded. "It is insufferably heady. And—and Lady Merton has such a very nicehand." A light broke mercifully in upon LaWassini and me. " Lady Merton," said she, suddenly," has nothing whatever to do with it." 46 T *I think," said I, though I was chok- ing with laughter, " that the Bachelors'claret must have been Chambertin." We saw a very strange look come overhis face. " You mean " said he, suddenly. To play with him would have been theact of a Filipino. "It was Miss Winthrop," we said,with, I think, one voice. It had been a dark sort of day, but justthen a big beam of sunlight shot throughthe clouds, and by its light I saw that theSecretary of State looked very sick. Fora moment he stood there stunned in thebrilliant sunshine, and no one said a word.Then, " How do you know," said he, quietly;but I could see that his courage had gonefrom him. " Bella Winthrop," said La Wassini," has no purple gowns. And then—peste!" and she shrugged her shoulders. "We were at school together at Beauvais,and she was very, very naughty." I laid my hand on the Secretary's shoul- der. I loved the man. " Tell us the worst," said I. " Whathave you done ? " " Curse that wine," he said, with some- thing that has half laugh and half sob." I suppose I have asked her to marry me,but I never knew it—never, till now." La Wassini looked scandalized. " Brace up, for Heaven's sake," I whis- pered. " There is Orlikoff, the RussianCharge, and he is coming this way."Even as I spoke, he joined us and bowed,and I knew he had heard my warning. But the Secretary of State was saying,in an even tone, " With pleasure, Mad- ame. It will be no trouble at all. ShallI get it at Altman's ? " La Wassini was as quick as he. "You will get it," she said, laughing," if you do not get it at Altaian's." Orlikoff said, in his heavy Russianway: " An affair of something to be sold anddelivered, not ? " " No," said I, " you are wrong. It isan affair of something that has been soldalready, and there is no way to deliver it." "I wonder what is it ? " said the Sec- retary of State, unwarily. La Wassini tapped him lightly on thesleeve. " Tag," said La Wassini. Lines Written Among the Turrets of MilanCathedral Percy Wallace Mackaye By Among the sky-paths of a sculptured forest,Which, like a wilderness of darkling plumesUpon an ancient Lombard's smithied helmet,Clothes the dim, cloistral mind of the cathedralIn far Milan, I lost my moonlit way. In that domain of reconciliationBetween the earth and heaven, art has so wroughtThat Fancy is a realm substantialIn mellow-gleaming marble; and Nature herself,Within those vital integuments of stone,Seems to respire, and drink of her own breathingsFrom the quick night-winds and the vivid stars. Breathless, I paused, and listened. Spires on spires,Like frozen cypresses, thronging the night,In exquisite intricacy, threw downTheir shadows round my own. And thence I sawHow that aerial forest was enchanted.Far from a covert, hidden from the moon,Sprang forth a silent-barking harpy, spurningThe cliff, from which he hung, with rabid heels;And still he drew no nearer, like a boughBy winds contorted, or a yawning stump. But hush! O Beauty! Are the sylvan faunsChanged to bright angels in this skyey wood?Nymphs to dim saints, satyrs to pensive knights,And Dian's spring to the sweet Virgin's shrine?For, see! from yonder silent, spindling spireA creature has emerged, and there—and there—Another—and a throng! a stellar people,Seraphs and winged dreams! The forest seemsTo rustle. 'Mid its petrid firs of pearl,The chiselled bark, parting, gives pale birthTo heaven's own host—this choir of quietness,Where a star sings in every angel's earPreludes of incommunicable prayer. Breathless, I paused, and knelt. Against the north,A form of wind and light-foot loveliness,Stayed, by the eternal touch of art, uponHer swift ethereal way toward the peakOf Matterhorn—a form of grace, I say,Tiptoe upon an ardent pinnacle,Spake to me where I aspired: " Sweet youth, why artThou come to us? Say! dost thou yearn to beA voice in the eternal choir of quietness? "And pressing hard my beating heart, I bowed." Descend, then, youth, to the bewildered world,And by this kiss I burn upon thy brow,Walk as a star through the murk noon of men,And love thy Love as God Himself loves Beauty."And with that kiss I came unto my love. The Drama THREE RECENT COMEDIESPeter Stuyvesant, The Tyranny of Tears,Miss Hobbs George S. Hellman. It is interesting to note that of the sixplays which, perhaps, have thus far at- tracted the most attention during thepresent season, three are dramatizednovels, while the other three are comedies,primarily, of character. Reserving untillater all discussion concerning the signifi- cance (if any) of the almost simultaneousappearance of " Becky Sharp," " TheOnly Way," and "Children of the Ghet- to," we shall here attempt to point out thevalue of " Peter Stuyvesant," " The Tyr- anny of Tears," and " Miss Hobbs." We have called these three plays com- edies primarily of character, because itis in each case some foible in the charac- ter of one of the important personages inthe play that is the prime basis for thecomedy element. In the first it is theheadstrongness of the old Dutch Gover- nor ; in the second, it is the selfishness ofthe tearful Mrs. Parbury; in the third, itis the narrowness of the marriage-hatingMiss Hobbs. They are, of course, allthree of them, comedies, in part, of situa- tion as well, while " Peter Stuyvesant"might rightfully be considered also a his- torical comedy of manners. Judging the play by Mr. Matthews andMr. Howard first from the point of viewof the comedy of character, the decisionseems to be that the authors have suc- ceeded in creating, in the Governor ofNew Amsterdam, a figure that is en- dowed with the qualities requisite forprovoking good-natured mirth. No vin- dictive laugh can be aroused by such acharacter, for there is in it none of thathypocrisy, or hollowness of form, which,as Fielding long ago said, and Moliereand Sheridan long ago showed, alonemight serve fittingly as the object of ridi- cule. Mrs. Tisbet Bayard, Dr. La Mon- tagne, the various officers and councillors,and the two pairs of lovers, all are welldrawn, and would seem to assure suc- cessful comedy as the result of theircharacters being acted upon by that of theGovernor, and interacting one upon an- other. Yet it must be frankly admittedthat " Peter Stuyvesant" is not so inter- esting as might have been expected. Thevarious personages are individually at- tractive or amusing, as the case may be, but they fail to combine well. The sceneslack vitality, and we do not follow theplot with real absorption. The fault mayto some extent be ours. The life ofBroadway surges around us, and the ex- citement of a great city is, however un- conscious we may be of it, in our veins.We are end-of-the-century New Yorkers,having little in common with the sedateburghers of an age long past. This is alltrue, and yet it seems easier to explainthe fact that " Peter Stuyvesant," thoughvery enjoyable in parts, is not interestingthroughout, by calling attention to thelack of novelty in many of the situations,and to the obvious conventions severaltimes employed. There are certain indispensable stageconventions which, from their very hyper- obtrusiveness, like the purloined letter inPoe's tale, are little likely to be noticed.But a playwright can afford to indulgeonly very judiciously in the less inevi- table conventionalities of dramatic con- struction. The fundamental rules hemust observe, the crucial scene or scenes—the keynote to the play—what Sardoucalled the scene a f—must be wellwrought; the psychological effect of thevarious incidents—their mirth-provok- ing, their tension-causing or tension-re- lieving capacity, must all be taken intoaccount. But, beyond this, the greatdramatist must strike out into the lesscommon paths. He must be unwilling tolet any of his characters indulge in solil- oquy that would have remained un- spoken in real life, in order to let dangleclearly before the eyes of the audiencecertain threads in the woof of the plot.This device, so fatal to dramatic illusion,is used in " Peter Stuyvesant." And theplaywright who resorts to the familiarmoves in the old game of cross-purposesmust not wonder if some of the complica- tions appear artificial. The plot is one of intrigues rather thanof real life and passion. Yet, despite a lack of originality andfinish in construction, and an insufficient amount of real action, " Peter Stuyve- sant " was worth writing; it is a pleasant,wholesome American play that showsthe authors not gaining any great goal,it is true, yet pointing distinctly in theright direction. It is interesting to compare a play like" Peter Stuyvesant," at times imperfectin construction, with a play so close-knitas " The Tyranny of Tears." Mr. Had- don Chambers employs only six charac- ters ; yet they suffice to keep the interestfrom flagging throughout the greaterpart of the four acts. There is absolutelyno body to the piece, and it will probablysink out of sight as soon as the season isover; in the mean time it affords a fewpleasant hours, by means of its compactand natural action and its clever dialogue.In one place, it is true, the naturalness issacrificed to the compactness, and Mr.George Gunning, the far-travelled andsomewhat cynical bachelor, asks the pooryoung typewriter to become his wife longbefore in real life there would have beenany likelihood of his doing so. But withthis exception, Mr. Chambers shows ex- cellent workmanship from the point ofview of the mechanism of play-writing.We wish that all this skill and clevernesswere employed to less ephemeral ends. By means of a certain amount of self- control, all mention of the actors in" Peter Stuyvesant" and " The Tyran- ny of Tears " has been avoided. The ob- ject of this department is to study thedrama in itself, and though, of course, indoing this a play's value for the stage—its " actability "—must be considered aswell as its more purely literary value, thegood or bad qualities of any individualactor need here not be taken into account.We have, therefore, not alluded specific- ally to the intelligent humor of Mr. Craneor the gentlemanly naturalness of Mr.Drew. In discussing " Miss Hobbs,"however, with any amount of fairness toourselves, it is impossible to omit mentionof Miss Russell. If we were to say thatMr. Jerome's is an unimportant play, ac- cording to all canons of dramatic art, themany people who have found it one of themost attractive of recent pieces wouldmarvel at our words. And yet it is great- ly the charm of a young actress, and thewell-merited popularity of an old actress,to which the success of " Miss Hobbs "may be attributed. Literary value, realthought, purpose, or result, there is none.Potentiality to amuse, a certain lightgrace, a rippling stream of entertainingspeech—these are the substitutes offeredus. Moreover there is skill in construc- tion; and, though we see an old stagetrick in the finding by Miss Hobbs of thebook in which is recorded the bet con- cerning herself, the good account towhich later the incident is turned leadsus to overlook the author's lack of con- structive originality in having introducedit. What we are led, then, to expect fromthese three recent comedies is this: Forsome time, at least, the chief purpose ofthe playwrights will remain one merelyof amusement. The audience, after aday's hard work, will continue to go to the theatre solely for pleasant relaxation.Cleverly constructed bright plays will af- ford this relaxation. Later it may dawnmore forcibly upon the public mind thatcomedy can be significant as well as en- tertaining. National characteristics, na- tional events may then be more often in- troduced; things worth ridiculing maylater be ridiculed, and we may in timehave our Sheridans, our Molieres, andour Augiers. There can be no art with- out significance, no great achievementin any branch of the drama unless therefirst be purpose other than one only ofamusement. There is here no idea ofdidacticism or preaching, but of the in- herent lasting value of all great art. Un- til the plays put on our stage present someessential significance of some kind,whether national or universal, we cannotbe satisfied; yet in the mean time let ustake all the pleasure we can get from thegraceful, unimportant, amusing produc- tions of the present day. They are, atany rate, cleaner and brighter than muchwith which we have had to put up in re- cent years. Reviews STALKY &amp; CO. By Rudyard Kipling.The Doubleday and McClure Company.For an American, whose idea of Eng- lish school-life is derived largely from" Tom Brown at Rugby," a comparisonbetween Mr. Kipling's " Stalky &amp; Co."and Thomas Hughes's classic of immortalmemory, will seem inevitable. The Rug- by of those days, the days of Arnold andof Clough, was often accused of makingmen prigs, and, through excess of moraland religious training, morbid and in- capable of action. This may be partlytrue, and undoubtedly, in the case of anArthur Clough, too fine an edge was putupon the highly tempered blade withwhich the youth was expected to carveout his fortunes in the world. But, how- ever this may have been, it would be a very unusual critic who should find in" Tom Brown," the mirror of Rugby, anytrace of the mawkish and " goody- goody." The predominant note, thatwhich has made it endure, is a fine andattractive manliness—a spirit of naturalbreeding and nobility like nothing to befound in this new exponent of Englishschool-life, " Stalky &amp; Co." Not only inthe academy of Mr. Kipling are the spirit- ual ideals of honor and of chivalry abso- lutely lacking, but even on the purelyphysical side of boyhood, when one wouldexpect to find Kipling supreme in theidealization of the hardy virtues, Dr. Ar- nold's boys seem far manlier than Butler,Stalky, and McTurk. At Rugby therewas no end of foot-ball, cricket, and fight- ing, with just enough of mischievous mis- demeanor to indicate truthfully the natu- ral bent of boyhood for trouble. In" Stalky &amp; Co." there are sneers for thetraditional games of the Briton, and oftenin this long-sustained record of brutalfagging, mean-spirited and venomoustrickery, we long unspeakably for some- thing that never happens—a good, manlystand-up fight for the settlement of openlyresented grievances. Guile is the chieflesson that Mr. Kipling teaches in thesestories: the value of doing a thing cau- tiously and with the least possible opendeclaration of intention and motive. Ex- pediency is the new Golden Rule, and be- sides, the highest moral teachings are asort of rude justice the essence of whichis revenge and reprisals, and a sort of be- grudging, unsympathetic assistance ofthe weaker party. In " The Moral Re- formers " the new morality is exploitedvery clearly and on its highest plane.Two " crammer's rejections " make lifemiserable for little Clewer. At the in- stance of the clergyman of the school,and not through any love or deep pity forthe victim, who is a " dirty little brute,"Number Five Study undertakes his res- cue. This is accomplished by a trickthrough which Sefton and Campbell, thetwo persecutors, are thrown into thehands of Stalky &amp; Co., who proceed to plythem with all the tortures that devilishingenuity and bitter bygone experiencecan devise in a spirit of simple savagerymasking as a righteous visitation of jus- tice. The other great virtue with whichreaders of Mr. Kipling are familiar inthe heroes of his other tales, is cleanli- ness. This is seen in its constructivestages in " An Unsavory Interlude," inwhich accusations of personal neglect areturned to the torment of the accusers bythe intrusion of a dead cat under the floorof one of the houses, all to the accompani- ment of the foulest language in Englishsince the days of Swift. In short, thewhole atmosphere of the book is ugly,compact of sheer brutality, vulgar coarse- ness, and a spirit of malignant meanness that do not show out in mere summariesof Mr. Kipling's plots. It is impossibleto gain, without reading the book, a reallyadequate notion of the unyouthful boy- hood and precocious corruption of Mr.Kipling's pictures of British school-life. To argue in justification of these storiesthat a young boy is an animal and thatleft to himself or placed amid debasing in- fluences—and such are the influences ex- erted by masters like King and Prout—he will remain an animal, developing up- on that side, is to say nothing to the point.For the child is father to the man, andeach boj has in his nature a higher some- thing that needs but to be caressed to beawakened. In just one appreciable pointdoes Mr. Kipling attempt to make usaware of this fact, and that is in " TheFlag of Their Country." Here he en- deavors to show a patriotism that isabove cheap display of shoddy sentimen- talism and of calico flags, too sacred forprofaning speech. This ideal is veryhigh and noble even in exaggeration thattranscends our comprehension and be- lief, as, for instance, when it is said of theUnion Jack: "They had certainly seenthe thing before—down at the coast- guard station, or through a telescope,half-mast high when a brig went ashoreon Braunton Sands; above the roof ofthe Golf-club, and in Keyte's window,where a certain kind of striped sweet- meat bore it in paper on each box. Butthe College never displayed it; it was nopart of the scheme of their lives; theHead had never alluded to it; their fa- thers had never declared it unto them. Itwas a matter shut up, sacred and apart."But this patriotism bedded in shame- faced, savage pride, is too fine a blossomfor the soil it springs from. Of course, these pictures are ideali- zations : they form a complete expositionof the training that Mr. Kipling deemsnecessary for the British conquest of theworld. It does not need the poem withwhich the book opens to tell us that fromthis peculiar moulding of the boy nature he believes is to be acquired that especialkind of character in the man, which alonecan accomplish the building of empires.Nor does it need more than a knowledgeof Mr. Kipling's imperialistic ideal, tomake the innate glory of a system fruit- ful of such magnificent results, follow asan inevitable conclusion. Mr. Kiplinggloats over the picture as he draws it withunctuous richness of slang, dirtiness, andcunning immorality. For is not theschool the microcosm of the colonial em- pire? Are there not to be seen here inthe making, those particular qualitieswhich we have learned to look for in theCecil Rhodes of imperialism—calculat- ing aggressiveness, sublimated finesse,contemptuous disregard for old-fashionedstandards of right and wrong, and a cyn- ical unscrupulousness in the undeviatingworking out of a heaven-appointed end?Old Rugby boys only recently raised amonument to the memory of TomHughes, who in reflecting the life of hisschool became for Englishmen the em- bodiment of the virtues it represented.Whether or not a new generation of theEnglish will ever erect a monument toMr. Kipling, with the same love and ven- eration, it is difficult to say. It is certain,however, that Mr. Kipling's monumentwill partake in the general crumbling nat- ure of the material welfare of his race forwhich he stands, and to which he heresacrifices in the bud, all the more per- manent qualities of character whichalone so far have made England greatamong nations. WRITINGS OF IDEALISTS THE LIFE OF THE SPIRIT. ByHamilton Wright Mabie. Dodd, Mead&amp; Co. LETTERS OF EMERSON TO AFRIEND. Edited by Charles Eliot' Norton. Houghton, Mifflin &amp; Co. To the steadily continuing body ofidealistic literature in America the latestwork of Mr. Hamilton Wright Mabie is no mean contribution, and deserves morethan a passing comment. Though the toofrequent use of the words " Christ " and" God " and " divine "make us fear lestthe author border too closely on " the ser- monizing of self-consecrated priests con- cerning mysteries no mind has clearlygrasped," there are many chapters con- taining noble lessons nobly put; andthough the book presents no detailedscheme in structure, there is throughout asimilar loftiness of tone and oneness ofpurpose. " The Life of the Spirit" has for itsthesis the value of the spiritual in man'slife. Patriotism, courage, honor, helpful- ness, friendship, beauty—these are amongthe subjects with which Mr. Mabie deals.His point of view is always the same.Seeing in religion, ground for belief inthe immortality of what is spiritual, andfinding in the results of modern scienceconfirmation rather than refutation ofthis belief; confident that what is goodin man must from the very logic of theuniverse be most permanent, Mr. Mabieis enabled to express views many ofwhich, in spite of their lack of novelty(for Idealism is a single and ancientcreed, however numerous be its proph- ets) will to the sceptic once more be sug- gestive, and to the sympathetic, oncemore be inspiring. By Idealism, whether used in referenceto writers of literature or to men in theordinary walks of life, is meant not anycreed of visionaries and byword of prac- tical folk, but, rather, faith in the signifi- cance and permanence of noble qualities,and belief in a purpose toward good inthe universe, as evidenced by this perma- nence. This is an off-hand definition, al- lowing of modification and additions, butit suffices to show that Idealism is a creedfor the many rather than for the few.Whatever concerns the great idealists isof permanent interest, because they areidentified with what is most permanentin life; and in this way may be explainedthe lasting regard for everything con- nected with Emerson, the greatest of ourliterary idealists. The " Letters to aFriend," recently edited by Charles EliotNorton, are welcome in that they castmore light on the character of a man werevere. They are, most of them, notes soslight that the simple, clear style is seenlittle more than in outline; yet they con- tribute toward illustrating again Emer- son's views on friendship, so that eventhrough the meagre substance of theseletters we seem to hear him teach us oncemore that " the only way to have a friendis to be one." In dealing in the same review withwritings of Emerson and of Mr. Mabie,we are willingly associating the living au- thor with the great dead. It may, how- ever, be not amiss to suggest that whileonly the intellectual few can be the literaryexponents of Idealism, it is not alone tothe intellectual few that they must addressthemselves. Christ made his teachingsinteresting through parables, and hid thelaw in the poetry of imagery; the longline of great moral writers from MarcusAurelius to Maeterlinck made the beautyof their words or the sparkle of their epi- gram relieve the didacticism of theirthought, and, above all, they made theirappeal so humanly intimate that, howeverdiversified their audience, all felt them- selves personally addressed. From thesepoints of view of what may be called theaccessories to idealistic literature, Mr.Mabie will, we are confident, be willingto yield in rank to Emerson and others ofhis superiors. RECENT SHORT STORIES J. G. U. SAND AND CACTUS. By WolcottLeClear Beard. THE POWERS ATPLAY. By Bliss Perry. THE LIONAND THE UNICORN. By Rich- ard Harding Davis. Charles Scribner'sSons. If the short story is to be the literaryform of the future, superseding the novel,as the novel superseded the written play in popular favor, it is natural that weshould take up each new volume in thisclass eagerly, in the expectation of find- ing the modern masterpiece. What thiswill be like when we do come across it;what, indeed, is the real nature of theshort story, are matters in much dispute.Or, to give the question as it is ordinarilystated, does the short story exist as aform of art fundamentally different fromlonger prose fiction, or is whatever differ- ence there may be, a simple one of length ?One thing seems certain; if the shortstory is a legitimate form of art, it mustdeal with the material common to all pre- viously recognized forms. It must treatof life and human experience dramatized,intensified, made typical, universal, sig- nificant. It is thus obvious that in thissense there can be no fundamental differ- ence between the short story and otherliterary genres.The only permissibledifference is one of treatment, and con- sists in the greater condensation or in thehigher degree of artistic selection de- manded by the rigid exactions of length.This puts the short story on a par withthe drama in a comparison with longer,fuller forms of composition. The realquestion seems to be whether the high de- gree of selection and condensation neces- sitated by the physical requirements ofthe short story can be actually practisedwithout impairing the importance andsignificance demanded of any work of art.And because we have great dramas, aswell as great novels and epics, there seemsto be no reason why there should not begreat short stories as well. Only, ofcourse, the degree of artistic skill requiredis extraordinarily high, just as it takesthe master-hand to make great dramas.The danger is that in seeking to gain insmall compass the unity that exists in allart, and which is especially important forthe short story which depends for its ef- fect largely upon the totality of its im- pression, the author is too likely to sub- stitute for the higher unity of novels andepics, the inferior, superficial unity of sin- gle, striking episodes and surface impres- sions. Indeed, this has become practicallythe ideal of most modern short storywriters, and accounts for the almost uni- versal identification of the short storywith the sketch of local color in man andnature. Mr. Wolcott Le Clear Beard's " Sandand Cactus " is a typical example of thislocal color realism. These stories dealwith the life and scenery of the South- west—strange, colored, and violent. Mr.Beard is usually ingenious in his en- deavor to parade his materials entertain- ingly. But our curiosity is soon satisfiedwith this rather monotonous, becauseprimitive and narrow, range of purelyphysical savagery; and finding little in- sistance upon that " one touch of nature,"our interest flags at even the mostinventions of the author. In " The Powers at Play," Mr. BlissPerry comes closer to the ideal of theshort story, despite two or three bald fail- ures such as " Madam Annalena " and" The Incident of the British Ambassa- dor." In " His Word of Honor " and" By the Committee " we recognize thetrue artistic method and motif. Thepowers referred to in the title of thebook, are the external forces of destiny,which is neither more nor less than thecomplex of human action; and the inter- nal force of individual character deter- mining at once the degree of each man'ssubjection to fate, and forming an in- tegral element in the common destiny.These are the elements in all tragedy andcomedy, and they enter in a striking de- gree into " By the Committee," which,with its well-knit and logical constructionand careful characterization is one of thebest stories we have seen for some time. A third writer who comes before us isRichard Harding Davis with " The Lionand the Unicorn." Probably there is noother writer of short stories to-day sotalented as Mr. Davis. He has a wonder- ful facility and a wide range. While hav- ing no very deep or subtile knowledge of human nature, he has something morethan a surface acquaintance with thethoughts and feelings of various men andwomen. Yet his obvious lack of sincerity,his continual striving after striking effect,makes it impossible to give his work veryserious consideration. He employs histalents simply and solely in the writing ofpretty magazine stories, which he turnsout with machine-like regularity and per- fection. Through all his work one feelsthe repression rather than the expressionof his powers. Each story is suggestiveof a well-made, well-acted, and admirablystaged, but altogether artificial play. Hispeople are the play-actors of a highlytrained stock company, stepping out ofone set of parts into another as easily asthe author-manager shifts his sets ofscenes. Everything smacks of the playand its conventions, and there is ratherthe illusion of the stage than the convinc- ing reality of life. And here, of course,the man of letters is selling his birth- right. It seems a pity that a man whocan so cleverly simulate eloquence anddeep feeling in a story like " The Manwith One Talent," should abandon triflingand give free rein to his powers, produc- ing something less finished and harmoni- ous perhaps, but with more of vitality init. And Mr. Davis can do this if hewishes. A HISTORY OF LITERARY CRIT- ICISM IN THE RENAISSANCE.By Joel Elias Spingarn. The Mac- millan Company. This volume traverses a field which hashitherto been systematically ignored byhistorians of literary criticism. Themediaeval times were indeed dark ages inthe theory of art, but neither they northose of early Renaissance were so blackthat their gloom was irradiated by noshaft of light. It is this fact that Mr.Spingarn demonstrates. His expositionof the surprising extent to which Italywas the seed-ground and nursery of thethought of Philip Sidney, Boileau, and their immediate predecessors in Englandand France, stimulates here for the firsttime a curiosity which, again, it is the firstto satisfy. The author offers a discussion of thetheory of poetry from its mediaeval be- ginnings in the ascetic Christian Church,to its rehabilitation in accordance withthe dicta of the Stagirite. The gap which long existed betweenthe Poetics of Aristotle and Horace'sPoetica in antiquity, and the comparative- ly modern Defence of Poesy of Sidney, ishere closed. The volume therefore takeson a double aspect. In its opening pagesit presents a picture of an attitude of mind,of a popular feeling toward literature,for there was no criticism at the dawn ofthe Renaissance. In its place there wasa consciousness that all fiction was to beregarded as subservient to theology andthe Church, that the criteria that litera- ture was to be judged by, were purelymoral criteria. But the discovery of thePoetics of Aristotle introduced at once anentire change in the point of view. Acriticism was then set up with canons ofits own. The evolution of literature be- came a distinct science. From that pointonward the author is concerned not withthe place of letters before the people, butwith a more technical subject—the suc- cessive modification of a specializedstudy, which was the legacy of Greece tomodern Europe. The account of the rise and particularphases of scientific criticism in Italy is,indeed, the most novel feature of thevolume. A presentation of the theories of Italiancriticism, as a whole, has been a desidera- tum. Hence few of the persons in thesucceeding chapters are familiar. Tris- sino, Dolce, Cinthio, and Tasso are there,it is true, but the great majority of names,though freely used by the critics of theirday, are now forgotten in Tuscany itself, and the works for which they stood areeven more obscure. In the interest ofclearness, therefore, a topical rather thana chronological order is observed in theexposition. The general theory of po- etry in Italy, the theory of the drama andof the epic, and, lastly, the successfulestablishment of the classical tradition,modified as it was by the romantic spirit,are severally unfolded. The poetic the- ory of the sixteenth century, in short,is reconstructed in its entirety. The elucidation of the ideals of theItalian writers is followed by a similarexamination of the progress that theymade in France and England. Here, ofcourse, the matter is in no sense new.The distinctive feature is the interpreta- tion of French and English writers in ac- cordance with the spirit of their Italianpredecessors, and, more strikingly, in thedemonstration of the dependence of thenorthern nations upon the Adriatic penin- sula. This has always been recognized inthe main with sufficient clearness. In the case of Neo-Aristotelianismfrom Pelletier and Ascham to Boileauand Milton, it needs no heralding, buthow absolute and servile the dependencewas in many of its features, has not, per- haps, been understood. The integrationof the national movements, Mr. Spingarnmakes very plain. The indication of theprimacy in time of the Italian over thenorthern critics, in matters of detail, is, itshould also be said in passing, admirablysure, and, sometimes, as with the antece- dents of Sidney's thought, is very strik- ing. In dignity and power the book isworthy of the subject which it treats.The scholarship is thorough and convinc- ing, though the directness of the style,together with an unfailing emphasisupon essential points, tends to obscure aminute and careful grasp of unusual de- tail.