The mask 8 5 August 1918 naau_1918-08_01 The mask 8 5 EDITORIAL NOTE. 1 ON PLUNDERING. 1 A PLEA FOR TWO THEATRES. EDWARD GORDON CRAIG. 1915 Florence cre 1-3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 TO THE EDITOR OF THE MASK. 1 CONCRETE VILLAGES Irin-Magé cre 3-4 ROYALTY V. VULGARITY. I. M cre James Russell Lowell cre 4 IGNORANCE. Mark Twain cre 4 I EXPECT TO PASS THROUGH. 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 HP LIC UAQFIUL ..Vi/\OIV A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER FIVEADDRESS- BOX 444. FLORENCE IF YOU UPHOLD THE THEATRE HONESTLY,1 LIBERALLY, FRANKLY, AND WITH WISEDISCRIMINATION, THE STAGE WILL UPHOLDIN FUTURE, AS IT HAS IN THE PAST, THELITERATURE, THE MANNERS, THE MORALS,THE FAME AND THE GENIUS OF OUR COUNTRY.HENRY IRVINGADDRESSES ON ■ THE DRAMA ". All rights reserved August 1918.Gerente responsabile: Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY. EDITORIAL NOTE. ON PLUNDERING. The Theatre is irresistible: organize the Theatre.Matthew Arnold. FOR years we have struggled to.oust Vulgarity from theTheatre.... vulgarity and stupidity.We are but a handful.... we are, in short, the artists.You rulers refuse our work but think we have nothing tocomplain of.Complain is a mild word to men and women whose veryhome is being plundered:... suffering from a worse spiritthan even that which you are fighting against today.When are you, the Authorities, going to empower us tostop it?... For we alone can stop it.We have energy:... why not help us to help ourselves...and so put a branch of your business in order? A PLEA FORTWO THEATRES. by EDWARD GORDON CRAIG.1915 Florence. II.A DURABLE THEATRE.Dedicated to the Tired Business Man. " SHUN THOSE STUDIES IN WHICH" THE WORK THAT RESULTS DIES41 WITH THE WORKERLeonardo da Vinci.MSS. South Kensington Museum, 111, 55. WHAT is a Durable Theatre ?We shall have to imagine oneas none exists.First of all it would contain a durableDrama. Not a number of fairly durabledramas; one Drama, unchangeable.Such a drama would have to be beyondcriticism, and would have to be whatthey assert the Shakespearean drama isfor all time. To be more durablethan the Shakespearean drama it islikely that it would have to bereligious. Religious dramas, if notplayed in London or New York, arestill alive and being enacted in manyquarters of the globe and have livedfor very many centuries. Perhaps notbecause of the religions themselves, butbecause of the vitality and nobility inthe works.A glance at the history of the Dramawill give you the examples. But it ismore than likely that if we today inthe twentieth century produce a Dramawe shall want it more durable than anyof those.It is possible that this drama mighttake a week to enact. It is possiblethat it might take a month. I will goso far as to say that it might possiblytake 365 days.Saying this shows you that I do notmean a drama which complies with theconditions laid down by Aristotle and broken by his pupils. lam trying tothink afresh, although it may occur tosome of you that I have thought ofnothing new; for, considering morecuriously, we might find just suchdramas already in existence. We thinkthe Panama Canal is a new idea; butno doubt if we were to search weshould find its parallel three thousandyears back. Yet no one laughs at theidea of the Panama Canal just because theIdea is so vast; therefore when the daycomes and the man appears with thedrama lasting 365 days, we must notscout it because its proportions areimmense.The Drama, the Durable Drama,must deal with Truth.... W (or Rea- lity,.... if you prefer at first so to callit), and not with fantastic things.As my other writings show, I leantowards the drama of silence just becauseI believe in and long for a durabledrama. And I cannot help but stillbelieve that the most durable dramawill be one of silence.Still, I have in the course of myexperience come across what I believeto be a written drama which has, Ishould say, the durability of an Aeon.The drama must be universal so thatthere would be no desire to destroy iton the part of any one nation. Itwould be everybody's property.... yoursor mine. o o PLACE. o o WHAT of the Place in which sucha Drama would be preserved ?...It will be called the Theatre, but itwill not resemble any theatre known tous in history, in ancient times or now.I take it that the theatre itself willbe architecturally as superb as the noblest pyramid known to us. Theremay be one or a hundred examples ofthis theatre, but all will be alike ingeneral form if not in detail. I take italso that it will be built of the mostcostly materials, our care being lest wetarnish or spoil it in any way.A walk through Florence or Venicetogether would show us places erecteddurably to record the acts or thoughtsof men, and we should find manynoble buildings. I would not urgethat we should take our measure fromsuch as these. We should surpassthem. It is possible, or nothing ispossible ; and we can remember thatthe church of Saint Mark at Venice isa good building ; the Baptistery inFlorence maybe is another. Maybethey became so through the desire ofmen to build shrines in which durablyto record things they held precious.The size is not of paramountimportance; but, great or small, itmust be precious if it is to be durable.I cannot persuade myself that wecould ever reach an age in which weshall cease to value rare and preciousmaterials. The cock in the fablefound nothing valuable in the pearl,but at present we are not living in afarm-yard, and there is no reason why,with care, we should come to do so.A durable theatre would help topostpone that day indefinitely.But do not let us be vague aboutthese materials. Let us name them.... gold, silver, copper, bronze, brass,steel, and other precious metals; dia- monds, rubies, emeralds, and other pre- cious stones; lapis-lazuli, alabaster, cry- stals, ivory, ebony, malachite, marble,mosaic, glass stained with precious co- lours, silks finer than we have yet made ;and all these materials put into theright hands.To decide upon the general form ofthis building many minds wouldco-operate: and, after the general formwas once established, the thousands,....tens of thousands of artists, craftsmenand so forth, the workmen and thetradesmen, would bring their powers tobear upon the details.The broad lines would be laid down;there could be no departing from them;they would be clearly defined, notrambling nor cramped ; but each wouldbear the impress of each individualmaster.Were there many theatres, the stageof this one could differ from the stageof that within certain limits, and therequirements would dictate those limits.After that everything would be free, sothat the invention of the architect wouldfind free play. Just to give an example of what Imean we have only to look at thechancel, the pulpit, the cross, therood-screen, the lamps and the canda- labra of a cathedral. These are but afew objects among many, and in Asia,in Europe, in America and in Africathe requirements have dictated thebroad lines. Within those requirementswhat a range of liberty the artists havehad !Or, if you wish for another examplewe can think of a ship. You cannotin designing a ship dispense with, orget away from, the general form of thekeel; it is impossible; but you mayhave as many different keels as thereare different leaves to different trees.In what we call the Decoration ofour theatre, I mean the stage decorationtogether with the lighting and thecostumes, all would be just as durableand as precious as the building itself.There would be no attempt to producewhat we call 11 theatrical illusion n. Forinstance, we should not paint a tree,or put up an imitation tree so as bestto copy in colour and texture areatree. No more than in a cathedral theyput up a wooden copy of the originallcross. Doubtless the cross on which theSaviour was crucified was an ordinaryand rough wooden structure, but whenit reaches the cathedral it becomes aprecious work of art, in no wayrealistic.Why do they make this transformation?Because it is too good a thing ever tobe able to be imitated; because itwould be said they were pretending toput the rea! cross. Everyone realizesthis in relation to an object made holyby thought.What is to prevent us from treatinga tree, than which, as part of Divinenature, there is nothing more h01y,....and, what is more, more j0y0u5,.... ina like manner ? Not that we shouldallow even the symbol of a tree toappear on our stage merely as somethingto look at; unless the drama demandedthe presence of such a symbol no treeshould be put there. But if there is tobe a tree, or a fountain, or a fire, weshall have to be made aware by themajesty of each that each one is ofparamount importance, and this canonly be done by fashioning symbols in each case something suggesting andstanding for the real thing. And letme repeat it.... made in preciousmaterials.And the vestments.... To convinceyou that costumes can be worthpreserving, I need but take you toNotre Dame at Paris or to Moscowor Pome where they guard gorgeous vestments of gold and silver clothjewelled and embroidered into pricelessworks of art, nor point to the dressesof the ancient Japanese Theatre wherethe No was, and is still, performed.To make so well that each followingcentury desires to preserve what hasbeen so well done.... should be thenatural way of making such dresses aswe need in cur Durable Theatre. o LIGHTING. oTHE lighting of our stage and ourauditorium, what of that ?Shall we install the electric light ?Well, the electric light is one of thewonders of today, and not its leastwonder is its great beauty. But thereis something very distasteful about thewires. Perhaps we shall arrive at awireless electric light. Anyhow, toexclude the electric light because it isup to date would be far from mypurpose, which is not to avoid what isup-to-date, but to secure what is best.Still, the sun is no bad illuminant.Daylight has not had its day.o PERFORMERS. oAND the performers ? What of theactors, as they are called, and verywell called ? Do not fear that I amgoing to spring an Ueber-Marionnetteinto the midst of them. If he arrivesit will Le no case of my bringing himthere, but because no one can preventhim from coming. I have no desireto thrust forward an unwelcomeFrankenstein into the midst of suchdurable and precious things as we havealready arranged for. It is likely thatthe drama of which I have spokenwill demand the services of man asperformer ; I have been told, (since Iwrote of the Ueber-Marionnette), of arace of actors that existed (and a fewtoday preserve the tradition), who werefitted to be part and parcel of the mostdurable theatre it is possible to conceive.When I heard of this I was astounded,pleasurably astounded. I was told thatthis race of actors was so n0b1e,....sparing themselves no pain, and austerelydisciplining themselves.... that all theweaknesses of the flesh were eradicatedand nothing remained but the perfectman. This race was not English orAmerican, but Indian.I am not sceptical. I think I wouldsooner be proved wrong in all mybeliefs and theories, than think manunable to rise to any standard knownor to be known.And so I accept this information,new though it be to me, and will present it here as a possibility; I willhope for it, even with my eyes andears amazed at what they see andhear coming from the Western actors.... even Western wire-pullers.If the Western actor can becomewhat I am told the Eastern actor wasand is, I withdraw all that I havewritten in my essay nOn the Actorand the Ueber-Marionnette 11. WStrange that this Eastern land, sobelieving in the power of man tobecome divine, should make so many'id 015,.... so many beautiful id 015.... forIdols are Ueber-Marionnettes.In the event of man being unableto return to that ancient standard ofthe East, there is nothing open for usbut to fashion something which shallrepresent man in this creative anddurable art which we are contemplating.* * *TV?HAT I have just described onVV broad lines as the Durable Theatrewill not greatly illumine the mind ofany man in a great city today who isunable to detach himself from hissurroundings. This explains my dedi- cation. Even an artist may have dailyduties to attend to, and I can conceivenothing more irritating, when in themidst of such distractions, than to betalked to about a durable theatre.But we all of us go away to thecountry now and then. We sometimesgo fishing on the lakes, or climbingmountains, and sun and wind andskies refine and quicken the mind. Iam inclined to believe that in no oneis it more acute than the city manwhose daily occupations, year in andyear out, are like those of a galleyslave. He is chained to his oar atwhich he tugs and tugs and tugs. Iknow big business men who have toldme their desire to be freed from thosechains, yet have admitted their inabilityto know how to free themselves.And we must not forget that it iswe for whom they are rowing. Wesit at ease in deck chairs while theirsinews are cracking and their hearts.,..But as I say, in the country, returningto Nature for a while, their greaterlongings are liberated, and it may bethat our Durable Theatre will be builtnear those places to which they go.And now of the Perishable Theatre.To be continued. (I) Truth. But what is Truth? Shallwe waste three more centuries trying tofind an answer to this idiotic question?Would it not be better to get along withour work, and to work so hard at thepreparation for the representation of thedrama dealing with Truth that, when itarises, we are ready? Again, may notour very activities in preparing for thework produce the answer so muchhankered after ? Instead of hangingabout and hankering, let us get on withour work so that exercise may quickenthe longing and fill up the time usefully.All the old truths give way and becomethe modern lies; the Greek, the Eliza- bethan, and all these modern truthswhich seem to aspire to be called thetruth of doubt; these too will pass andbecome lies. I see no durability in thecollection of modern plays whereineverything is doubted, from the powerof God to that of a penny whistle. HadPenelope sat down and doubted as tothe return of Ulysses the house wouldhave been in a nice state on his arrival!Patience! (i) See 11 On Art of the Theatre"published hy William Heinemann: Lon- don, /£//. TO THE EDITOROF THE MASK. My dear Semar.I have just been reading the proofsof the second part of my 11 Plea forTwo Theatres n entitled n A DurableTheatre n. I see that it is dated 1915.Do you know, I would sooner readthe nonsense in my favourite journalthe B Daily Mail n than read thisB Durable TheatreB bit over again.I hope you will add a note in yourjournal to say that it is not to be at all seriously. Maybe part3 Will be a little better. / Aope so.What an abominable style, t001..,as commonplace as the ideas.&gt;ls /or /Ae Idea itself... /Aa/ o/ aDurahleTheatre.... Aou? appalling I Can tyou see it ?... a sort o/ eternal earnestof nothing....Really,... and to think that in 1915that coas my s/a/e o/ mind. Whatcould I have been thinking of?Well, so long as you publish some- thing to tell the audience that it'sall right and that I'm quite cured of all thought of any such thing, you can goahead and print. .... Otherwise I shouldbe obliged to ask you to spike theguns.Yours faithfully,Gordon Craig.TJ/e cannot approve of or agree with thepreceeding letter, but we can hardlyrefuse Mr. Craig's request, so publishit. All the same we feel, to quote Te- rence, //m/, " What comes from thisquarter, a.s much gainand believe our readers will echo ouropinion. CONCRETE VILLAGES Irin-Magé. IF I am not utterly mistaken thereseems to have been some slight feel- ing shown of late towards a certainugly hard and fast, go-by-rule spiritdisplayed in certain lands, especiallyGermany.The thing complained of, ...and howrightly too, ...is that to say to a People" You shall live like this and you shallwear this and you shall do this n, andto say it harshly, is not exactly whatany of us want.May I therefore draw attention tocertain proposals to supply men withhouses all of the same pattern... flat...ugly... inhuman places. May I evenwhisper that s&amp;id proposals are beingput into execution ? May I say I con- sider this the most autocratic piece oftyranny thought of for centuries?And this comes from America.While reading over these proofs alady jotted down the following question:" How can it be 4 tyranny' if it isn'tobligatory to live in them ? Autocratictyranny is surely when a thing is en- forced without any choice left ? nBut of course it is tyranny, and ofthe most devilish kind.... for it makesugliness cheaper than beauty ....andbrings ugliness to the door free of allextra charge: ....it insinuates uglinessunder the guise of n the latest thing n,n the most practical thing n; nTry it, nit says; 11 if you don't like it we refundthe money 11.Not tyranny? ....of course it is ty- ranny, and quite the latest Democraticbrand; nothing open, if brutal: but se- cret. Suggestive..,, ten times worseeven than the brutal. For centuries wehave been happy to build our ownhouses with wood, plaster, stone, or amixture: the cost was rather high. Nowcome these dealers in Homes whopropose to build for us. Readymadehouses.... all one height.... all alikeinside and outside, except that theremay be two or three sizes.Nothing the matter with good con- crete.It's the building whole villages withit that is the evil.I live in an Italian village. On re- ceiving photographs of these concretehouses, I have shown them to thevillagers. Not one man or womanwould live in them rather than in theirpresent old tumble-down but Humandwellings. Their feeling and their mindrejects the hard ugliness.... the uniformity.The n Literary Digest n from Ame- rica brings the news that n concretehouses cast in pieces and then assembledare apparently both practical and inex- pensive B .... n this method is nowbeing used for the first time in a groupof dwellings in Youngstown, Ohio B.Life is being made more and morehideous. The Cinema is allowed....still allowed. It is an inhuman thing.Folk have taken to wearing B readymade B clothes: dress too has becomeinhuman, for it has lost its shape andcolour which are the two essential ele- ments of its humanity.And now concrete houses are beingallowed. The man or men who maybe permitted to introduce this scheme for8 ready made B houses and those whopermit it, are consciously or unconscious- ly more terrible tyrants than any whohave preceded them.If Mr Wilson permits such a thingin America, uttering all the while allthe fine things he is now saying, he iseither one of the most stupendous ty- rants ever dreamed of or he is asblind as a bat.For nothing else could account fora ruler, with the good of his peopleat heart, permitting so subtle an inroadof the ugly, hard-and-fast, go-by-rulespirit, which, while condemning it inGermany, we countenance, and toooften even encourage to spread, in other lands. ROYALTY V. VULGARITY. I.M. James Russell Lowell. A lady who was for ten years theclose companion of Queen Marieof Roumania and English governess tothe Princesses wrote the other day inthe New York Tribune with greataffection and understanding of the RoyalFamily she had been obliged to leavebut lately.Only one word in her whole delight- ful paper that 1 cannot understand....Speaking of the grace of the Rou- manian Court,... its freedom from stiffceremonial, and how accessible at alltimes are the King and Queen to thevery least of their people, she adds:® Luncheon is the most democraticfunction imaginable B. But Miss Milne has drawn such aroyal picture that we know what shemeans. Still, why should the grace andbeauty of Royal people, their hospi- tality, their B recognition of the veryleast of their people 8.... their simplefine manners, in short, be called ' de- mocratic * ? Why should these qualities ever becalled Democratic since they are therare, not the usual, qualities? If a cobbler or a fisherman invitesme into his hut ...,and 1 often amaccorded that privilege,... and if he asksme to sit down and share his meal, and does so in a gracious easy naturalmanner, it is Royal. Royalty is a veinof precious ore which can be traced allover the earth; but it is precious, notevery-day. os6£ not Sijjxov.The Every-day is the vulgar, thesnobbish and the sick..;, hard.... dry....c01d.... mean....If any so-called Royal person shouldbe lacking in the royal qualities ....itwould be a pity ....nothing more.And to be surrounded by snobs....vulgar folk ....sick folk ....hard, dry,cold and mean natures, is to run adanger of losing the natural Royal qua- lities. ... that is all.But it does not change Royalty.Neither will pretension add a jot tothe true worth of an honest Democracy.It is the Tradesman who has dam- ned the fine old face of Royalty....but he seems to be now damning thegood honest features of Democracy andno one seems to protest.... Or is thisanother of our mistakes?You have one tremendous foe totackle ....Vulgarity as oosed out byTrade, Plunderers and Place-seekers; andremember this:... that same vulgaritycan look deucedly refined and talk ina most distinguished manner.If you put another nation in orderand all the while allow Vulgarity toswamp your folk at home it seems tous that you make life worthless andendeavour a farce. Do you noticethat our modern rulers who talk to usabout the world being free for Demo- cracy do not seem to have recognizedas a fact the existence of this vul- garity ? Suddenly some day they willcatch sight of it ....and then the fruitsof liberty will of course deck the treesof the earth.11 Some dayB should not be tomorrow:....it should be NOW. When someeffort, ....even some sign of it, is madeto prevent vulgarity having a freeoutlet through the Theatre, swampingmillions of people who go there, thenwe of the Theatre, who are watchingvery carefully for a sign, will acknow- ledge that there is something morethan words in these stupendous modernutterances of Democratic leaders.When something more than wordsreaches us -... when a hand of true friend- ship is stretched out to our branch ofPublic Service, then and not till thencan we know that Demos and Theosare one and the same thing. PURITANISM, BELIEVING ITSELF QUICKWITH THE SEED OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY,LAID, WITHOUT KNOWING IT, THE EGGOF DEMOCRACY. IGNORANCE. Mark Twain. IN B The Century B for May last,...and n The Century B is supposed tobe a well-informed magazine.... we findthis brilliant passage in an article onn The New Art of the Theatre n bySamuel A. Eliot Jr.H The stippled discretion and mas-B sive simplicity of Urban's Germanicn Art; the cold balance, the light andB shade design of Gordon Craig, reflectedn through his warmer tempered pupil,B Hume B.Who is S. A. Eliot Jr. ? Why don'the study a bit ? He might then learnat any rate never to write like this.But what is n The Century n about?Cannot it afford to pay for articles onthis n New Art of the Theatre B bymen who have studied it? For yearsThe Mask has made it unnecessary forsuch blunders to be perpetrated.The Mask does not pretend to bea powerful organ like R The Century 8....it does not hope ever to live as willB The Century 8:... it would hate tolaugh at B The Century 8.... Must it? One of the moststriking differencesbetween a cat anda lie is that a cat hasonly nine lives. I EXPECT TO PASS THROUGH.ITHIS WORLD BIT ONCE. ANYGOOD THEREFORE THAT ICAN DO, OR ANY KINDNESSTHAT I CAN SHOW TO ANYFELLOW CREATURE, LET MEDO IT NOW. I WILL NOT DE- FER IT OR NEGLECT 1T... FORI SHALL NOT PASS THIS WAYAGAIN. An Old Chinese Writer.