Bruno's Weekly 1 6 August 21st, MCMXV naaq_1915-08-21_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 6 Come what may, come what will, let us be Michael Mohahan cre 1 Edison to America's Musicians 1-2 Uuquestionable facts combined with more G. B cre 2 On Top of the 'Bus 3 A Recollection Frances Cornford cre 3 Monday Matinee 4 The Poet's Fate 4 Jefferson Market Court House Illustration 5 Washington Square Alfred Kreymborg cre 5 Pastels in Prose Hubert Crackanthorpe cre 6 Everyday Musing Putting the Pig Over the Fence D. Molby cre 6-7 An Early Greenwich Village Magazine 7 Bubbles, by Clara Eice Illustration 8 Everybody Welcome 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 6 AUGUST 21st, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 1915 by Quido fJßfuno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno, at53 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly. Michael Mohahan Come what may, come what will, let us befaithful to the dream—the poor, unfriendedand repulsed, beloved and betrayed, cursed andrejected, defeated and despised, yet ever glor- ' ious and immortal dream—to make this hardworld a better and kinder place for all .thechildren of men. /] • ' /: Edison to America's Musicians •"THE following is a broad appeal: of Mr. Edison to theAmerican musician and composer, arid especially to thosewho have lost their ambitions to be creators of music, in theirfruitless struggle—not so much for recognition as for a hearing—to those who are reproducers instead of producers for the sakeof practical reasons. t:Charles Edison's Little - Thimble Theatre, which will open onthe 6th of September as a playhouse, has one mission: to givethe American composer a chance to stage his compositions, toproduce it and to offer it to an audience.As long as the American composer has to rely for a criticismof his work upon the jury of forty or fifty men who read hismusic and take this reading as the only basis for acceptance orrejection, America will not have-an opera of its own, it willnot have a music Which is the real own property of its people.To quote Professor Albert Mildenberg, dean of the departmentof music, Meredith College, Raleigh, North Carolina, from arecent article in the New York Times ; "Opera has no musicalform. It is a dramatic, living thing. Its musical element isonly one part of it. The composer has to acquire theatricalexperience. Verdi, Wagner, Puccini were first "of all masterstage craftsmen and then musicians. The result is that theiroperatic work fulfills the peculiar dramatic demands of thetheatre. "The American musician has been unable to acquaint himselfsufficiently with the theatrical side of musical writing in thiscountry, the chief reason being the limited amount of operaproduced here."Of course, work that is obviously unfit can be recognizedat sight, but no musician is able to read offhand an orchestratedscore and grasp the dramatic values of the libretto, story plot,and even the pantomime necessary to the production of a lyriccomposition.In the Little Thimble Theatre everybody will have achance to produce his works—of course, the discriminationbetween amateurishness and serious efforts are easily distinguish- able. There surely must be among the thousands of musiciansin New York—and it is safe to say hundreds of thousands inthe United States—men who are taking the old masters of theworld for fundamental knowledge and worshipful reverie butfeel the throbbing life around them—who feel its music, itstragedy, its romance, and who are endeavoring to expressthemselves through their medium: music. The far West, theBad Lands, the deserts, that wonderful quiet and peace, thegrandeur of Nature, the solitude of a man, a lone traveler;then again the buzzing life of the busy industrious city.Shouldn't the noises, the roaring and the moaning which fillthe air of our cities impress the creative genius of a musician,shouldn't all that that is distinctively American call forth anecho in the soul of the artist? There surely must be Americanmusic, right at this moment. It only has not had a chance tofind its way to its right possessor: the American public.The Little Thimble Theatre invites every American com- poser and musician to take advantage of its opportunities.Everybody will be considered equally seriously. The LittleThimble Theatre does not endeavor to produce masterpieces orto detect geniuses, in other words, to create sensational suc- cesses. The artist is equally free to step before the public, asthe people—his audience—are free to come and to like or todislike. To have an audience must be the most cherisheddesire of every artist, and he who takes his art seriously willwelcome his audience as his critics. Because there is no ad- mission fee charged and everybody welcome as long as thereare seats and standing capacity, the audience is comprised ofa combination of people who resemble truly the Americanpeople at large to whom every artist wishes to appeal finally.And at the conclusion of the first season of the Little ThimbleTheatre, perhaps the first conclusive evidence will have beengathered that there is American music and that there aremusicians among us. G. B. Uuquestionable facts combined with morefacts are the arguments of the efficient man.Every fact is a materialized truth. On Top of the 'Bus The Curtain of Edison's Little Thimble Theatre DEACOCKS and butterflies are the design of the curtain ofEdison's Little Thimble Theatre, which is being finished atpresent by Clara Tice, the Greenwich Village artist. On tansilk a peacock spreads his gorgeous black and green plumage,butterflies of Clara Tice's own brand are playfully pursuingone another. There is such a lot of color and movement andrhythm in this one decorative piece of the little showhousel The American Phenomenon IN one of his recent articles in the Evening Sun, "ThePlaygoer" points out a phenomenon of the Americanstage; he calls it even an American phenomenon. It est: acultured showgirl in America."The Playgoer" points out "onereason that Miss Barnes is such an unusual showgirl is thatshe speaks pure, limpid, unslangy English with perfect enuncia- tion." "The Playgoer" emphasizes furthermore her "phen- omenal" qualities as being a "mineral water girl" and "drinkslittle or nothing."I wonder if there will ever arise the occasion to point outsimilarly as a phenomenon an American show which can boastof the same unusual qualities as Miss Helen Barnes, of "ThePassing Show of 1915" of being cultured, of being a mineralwater show, and of the use of pure unslangy English. Masefield in Greenwich Village ■yL/HENEVER you happen to pass the Columbian Hotel, theold tavern opposite the Jefferson Market Court, remem- ber that this place, commonly known among the Villagers asthe Working Girls' Home, earned itself a nook in the historyof English letters. While everybody refused to give recognitionto John Masefield, now distinguished English poet and author,Mr. O'Conner, the proprietor of the tavern, recognized hisgood qualities and chose him as "the man behind the bar."For nearly three years Masefield served here drinks and cleanedcuspidors among the other duties of his daily routine. He isstill in correspondence with the poet and is proud to haverecognized his value before anybody else did. A recent issueof the Vogue reprinted some of this friendly correspondencebetween poet and barkeeper. A Recollection By Frances Cornford MY father's friend came once to tea.He laughed and talked. He spoke to me.But in another week they saidThat friendly pink-faced man was dead."How sad . they said, "the best of men .So I said too, "How sad;" but thenDeep in my heart I thought with pride,"I know a person who has died." Monday Matinee THREE artists will be heard at the Monday matinee inEdison's Little Thimble Theatre who never appeared beforebefore a large audience. Miss Grace M. Hofheimer is acomposer and pianist, a young girl who received her entiremusical education in New York. While it is her ambition to beknown as a composer and interpreter of the great masters, sheis earning her living at present by teaching music. She willplay a selection from MacDowell and her own composition,"Songs Without Words."Miss Adrienne D. WTallace, a violin virtuoso, after a longsojourn in Florida, has returned to New York and will makeher debut in our city in the coming season. Her program onMonday comprises "Canozetta," by d' Ambrosio, "Andantino"by Padre Martini and "Scherzo," by Dittersdorf.Frank Delia Lana, the young baritone, came at a veryyoung age from Italy to America. He had to earn hisliving from his thirteenth year at whatever he found to do.Singing in church awakened in him the first desire to becomean opera singer. He devoted his spare time to the culture ofhis voice. He will sing a few songs by American composersand Verdi's "Dei Miei Bollenti Spiriti."Four of the most brilliant Diamond Discs complete theprogram. The Poet's Fate Some he has polished for a year before he has sent them forth.But whatever may be his personal fortune his sheaf of versesis always with him. He is known indeed to some of his friendsas the "gentleman whose baggage consists chiefly of poetry."Should he drop finally at any time it has always been an al- luring hope, that that life in his breast-pocket would live on—on forever like the imperishable lines of Sappho. The thoughtinspires him for the many thousandth time. Spring is notfar off. Not a blade of grass yet in the old square, but thesquirrels and the sparrows, those first harbingers of everyseason, told him to-day. And as he sits in the old square aspring-song comes swelling out of his heart; as he thinks ofSappho.Cometh the music with her strange desire,Leapeth my heart with a pang of pain,A song-bird quenched in a forest fire.Fleeing forth to find glad rain;All things wither and bloom again,Yet ever desire and the hope of me.Waif of the dawn, and the sunlit plainAre but the breath of the mocking sea.And the poor, penniless poet falls asleep; starving but happyin his woe. Jefferson Market Court House Washington Square Alfred Kreymborg Ninteen youngsters and a squirrel,thirty-seven peanuts in a bag,(Come to-morrow, Tummy-ache /)Sun grinning goldSky grinning blueEarth grinning green—and the old! Pastels in Prose By Hubert Crackanthorpe Ia the Strand TP HE city disgorges.a All along the Strand, down the great, ebbing tide, theomnibuses, a congested press of gaudy craft, drift west- wards, jostling and jamming their tall, loaded decks, witha clanking of chains, a rumble of lumbering wheels, a thud- ding of quick loosed brakes, a humming of hammeringhoofs. ...The empty hansoms slink silently t past; the street hawkers•—a long row of dingy figures—line _ the pavement edge;troops of frenzied newsboys dart yelling through the traf- fic, and here and there a sullen-faced woman struggles tostem the tide of men.Somewhere, behind Pall Mall, unheeded the sun has set,the sky is powdered with crimson dust; one by one theshops gleam out, blazing their windows of burnished glass;the twilight throbs with a ceaseless shuffle of hurrying feet,and over all things hovers the spirit of London's grim un- rest. Enfantilage HAVE you never longed to wander there, in that wonder- ful cloudland beyond the sea, where the droves of mon- strous cattle, close-huddled and drowsy, they lie the longday through — the comely, milk-white summer clouds, slowand sleek and swelling; the quick-scudding, darkling clouds,tattered with travelling across the sky; the mighty thunder- clouds, violet and lowering; the flocks of fluffy-white babyclouds, and all the sun's great, gaudy, guard, from the daintilygilded sunset sparts to the blood-red bands that frequentthe south ? •Sometimes at even fall, when the sea lies calm in heropal tints, you may discern the distant line of their strange,fantastic home, vague, phantasmagoric, like a mirage beyondthe horizon.Perhaps, after death, we may linger there and watch themsilently sail away towards the lands we have loved long ago? Everyday Musing Putting the Pig Over the Fence By D. Molby IT is said that if a man takes a pig when small and lifts itover the fence every day, he will be able to lift it over whenit is a grown hog. This depends on several things: how bigthe man is who undertakes it, how high the fence is, and onhow big the pig gets to be. The theory assumes that the man will increase in strengthas fast as the pig does in size, and also, perhaps, that the pigwill become so accustomed to the ordeal that he will never re- sist.The probability is that when the hog got to weigh aboutthree hundred pounds he would see that the task was about allthe man could manage, and, some day when indisposed, take ad- vantage of the fact. If the hog's legs happened to be muddy hecould slip out of the ordeal easily enough. The man mighttry to put him over later in the day, but the hog having got outof it once would be more stubborn than before and would soonhave the man so tired he couldn't do a thing.Failure on one day would be failure forever so far as thatpig were concerned and it is not likely the man would everwant to begin on another one. An Early Greenwich Village Magazine YU'HILE the Philistine was the forerunner of many hundredsof journals and individualistic magazines in pocket size,which came and went, his idea of a small magazine of protestwas by no means original, not even in the United States. Infact, right here among us, in Greenwich Village, the very firstperiodical "of protest" saw the light of the world el eo ipsoexpired gently.In October, 1827, a little sheet of sixteen pages, a trifie largerthan the Philistine, THE SATYRIST, or THE NEW YORKSATIRICAL MIRROR was published by a literary gentlemanwho concealed his identity under the pseudonym, Peter Pindar.The chief feature of his magazinette was very, very fine satiresof prominent New York citizens, especially rich merchants werehis prey, names which are today a vital part of the earlyhistory of New York. His magazine is unique, perhaps, amongall the magazines on record for the reason that he followedhis first number with the third, explaining editorially, thathe made to a certain gentleman in exchange for a sum of money,certain promises to publish a satire on one of his businesscompetitors. After careful deliberation—and perhaps after themoney was spent—he came to the conclusion that his promisehad been too hasty and that it could not be combined with hisdignity as editor. Literary men in those days, as well as today,had not always the necessary cash on hand to make monetaryreparations. Therefore, Peter Pindar decided to do justice tohimself and to his patrons. For the second number he promisedthat satire, "Whenever there will be a second number thissatire will appear." But there never was one. In fact, theNew York Satyrist stopped publication after its third number,it taking the place of the second.Interesting is the narrative in the third number tellinsr allabout the editor's struggles with his printer. Times don'tseem to have changed very much. Printers and publishers willreadily agree. Bubbles, by Clara Eice Everybody Welcome Mr. Edison is glad to extend an invitation to his receptions,and later on to his performances, to everybody interested. Alltickets of admission can be had on applying by letter. The seat- ing capacity is limited to two hundred and fifty seats, and there- fore applicants who cannot be accomodated for the asked-for per- formance will be taken into consideration, if so desired, in thefollowing week. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y,