The mask 1 6 August 1908 naau_1908-08_01 The mask 1 6 Untitled Image Illustration 1 A PEEPSHOW JULIUS OLIVER Illustration 4 CONTENTS 5 A LETTER TO ELLEN TERRY from her son. 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 7 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF CORIOLANUS Edward W. Godwin, F.S. A cre 8-11 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 11 REALISM &amp; THE ACTOR. A REPLY TO A CRITICISM. John Semar cre 12-14 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Image Illustration 14 A WORD ON THE THEATRE spoken W. S. Landor under the mask of Epicurus cre 14 AT BORCHARTS IN BERLIN. 1906. Gordon Craig cre 15-16 Untitled Image Illustration 16 TWO ACTORS: A COMPARISON. John Balance cre 17-19 Untitled Image Illustration 17 BOOK REVIEWS 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 19 &amp; 44 THfi FRA »: MONTH!, Y. F,lhett 19-20 BOOKS, JOURNAES AND MAGAZINES 20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 FOREIGN NOTES 21-23; 25 Untitled Image Illustration 21 following questions were recently put 21 ENGLAND R.S., London cre 21 (1) Who can these "few others" be?... Most mysterious. 21 GERMANY G.N., Berlin cre 21 SWEDEN M.M., Stockholm cre 21 DENMARK R., Copenhagen cre 21-22 *lphe theatres of Copenhagen have too great O.R., Copenhagen cre 22 AUSTRIA A.S.L., Vienna cre 22 Isadora Duncan Dancing Illustration 23 FINLAND G. C., Helsingfors cre 25 HOLLAND J. v.H., Nordwijk cre 25 AMERICA G. B. Baker; Harvard cre 25 LONDON R. S cre 25 FLORENCE 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 EDITORIAL NOTES 26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 J ast month we spoke about the parodies of J. S cre 26 Porta Romana. Florence. E. Thesleff Illustration 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 EuteA!°J Isadora Duncan. Vol. I. N.° 6. AUGUST 1008 THE MASKA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. [LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. 0BERLIN. SOEE GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; IWFTJiB- Nollendorfstrasse 31. W- | AMSTERDAM, KIRBERGER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin.■ BUDAPEST. NAGEE OTTO Museum-ICa 0 -0 01 M O S C O U, "LA BALANCE " Office, Place du Theatre 0 0 0 0 0I PHILADELPHIA. U . S. A." THE BUTTERFLY " Office. nab Walnut Street.■ FLORENCE. 3 lung'arno ac c 1 aiu ou 1. 0 0 0 0 0 &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING, NET MONTLY |;H A M L E TIL: : = have the pleasure of announcing the publication of an Edition of Hamlet" whichwe believe will be without its parallel in the History of the European Stage.Edition will be printed on hand-made paper, the text of the 1st Folio will beadopted, and the De Vinne type used. This Edition will contain Text of the Play,Descriptions and Designs for each Scene, each Costume, each piece of Furniture used.It will also contain ground plans of each scene and full directions as to how to lightthe play. Every movement of the Actors will be noted at the side of the Text, andat times a design will help the student to the full significance of the movements.designs will be engraved upon wood, and in some cases otherwise reproduced,if not injurious to the beauty of the book as a whole.'pVhis Edition will be the work of Mr Gordon Craig, the reason impellinghim to such a task being the absense of any stage directions by Shakespeare,and the desire to give expression of what he considers to be the entire Artof the Stage Director.work will be a very large one, possibly stretching into three volumes. The size,will be that of " The Mask The first few pages will be found in the subscribers'copies of " The Mask " for 1908, but will not be found in the ordinary edition. Thework may be completed in 1909, when the full details of the edition will be announced.desirous of obtaining the entire book when ready, can apply by letter to thePublishers of " The Mask ". The book will be an expensive one, and it is notlikely that a popular edition will be issued for some time. &amp; FOR ADVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK » ADVERTISING OFFICE: 8 BORGO S. JACOPO &amp;&amp; &amp; FLORENCE ITA t Y OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR OTHER AGENTS &amp; THEJ°URNALRET A LETTER TOELLEN TERRY. A LETTER TOELLEN TERRY. 4? THEARCHITECTUREAND COSTUMEOF CORIOLANUS. &amp; THEARCHITECTUREAND COSTUMEOF CORIOLANUS. &amp; THEARCHITECTUREAND COSTUMEOF CORIOLANUS. REALISM &amp; THEACTOR: A REPLYTO A CRITICISM. REALISM &amp; THE ACTORft A. REPV YTO A CRITICISM, AT BORCHARTSIN BERLIN. TWO ACTORS: ACOMPARISON. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; &amp; GERENTE RESPONS ABIEE, GINO DUCCI |T H E MASK.ITHJ? JOHN BALANCE ALEXANDER HEVESI JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERCARL BEHRENS H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WOLFE &amp;ALLEN JAN van HOLT &amp; WILLEM ROYAARDSiUNNAR CASTREN &amp; EDWARD HUTTON WILL ROTHENSTEINGORDON CRAIQ &amp; ANDREAS JYNGE OTTO RUNGJ. PAUL COOPER &amp; ELLEN KEY j&amp; RUDOLPH SCHMERZ J&amp;ISADORA DUNCAN JAN KLAASSEN MARTIN SHAW &amp;A. FRIEDENTHAL &amp; FRITZ LAPIDOTH ELLEN TERRY j&amp;LOUIS FULEP &amp; D. NEVILE LEES E. THESLEFFADOLF FURST &amp; &amp; M. LYKIARDOPOULOS JAN C. de VOS uS?J ULIUSZ GERMAN HALDANE MACFALL PHILIP WAHLSTROMIVO HAUPTMANN NEUWERT NOWACZYNSKI H. WILSON. jz&gt; HELEN ZIMMERN"TIIE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE FOEEOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM jz? &amp; THE HAGUE &amp; ROME J&amp; &amp;BERLIN &amp; HELSINGFORS j&amp; SAN FRANCISCOBUDAPES T&amp; &amp; LONDON &amp; STOCKHOLM &amp;COPE N HA GEN &amp; &amp; MADRID VIENNA &amp;DRESDEN MUNCHEN j&amp; j&amp; WARSAW j&amp; &amp;DUBLIN PARIS WEIMAR &amp;PHILADELPHIA &amp;&amp; SPECIAL NOTICE.FEW COPIES OF THE EDITION DE LUXE ARE STILL UNSUBSCRIBED FOR ANDCOST L. 3. 5. o. FOR THE YEAR. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;11118 B mniM.yujDjjjuiLi YEARLY \ England, 16 Shillings 8 Italy, 17 Lire, jSUBSCRIPTION 1 (iermany,i6 Marks 1 Russia 8 Roubles ' POST FREEAmerica, 4 Dollars j France 20 Francs. )ORDER FORMTo the Editor, (or)To Mr.A .. BooksellerAddressPlease put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,I enclose the sum of SignedAddress Printed f@r the Proprietor by E. iMorandi, Tlpografla Bodoniana, Via Florence, an,d published at The Office2 Enng'Arno Acciaioli £?£/£?£?£? JZ? A PEEPSHOW JULIUS OLIVER CONTENTS JS? AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY&amp; &amp; A LETTER TO ELLEN TERRY FROM HER SON, GORDON CRAIG &amp; THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF CORIOLANUS by E. W. GODWIN REALISMAND THE ACTOR. JOHN SEMAR A WORD ABOUT THE THEATRE, by W. S. LANDOR.AT BORCHARDT'S IN BERLIN by GORDON CRAIG JG? TWO ACTORS; A COMPARISON,by JOHN BALANCE BOOK REVIEWS FOREIGN NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES &amp;ENGRAVINGS by GORDON CRAIG JULIUS OLIVER E. THESLEFF CARR &amp; OTHERSREPRODUCTION OF A DRAWING IN INK OF MISS ISADORA DUNCAN. &amp; &amp; A LETTER TO ELLEN TERRYfrom her son. as Benvenuto Cellini, according to the modern poet, said to Michelangelo,44 Michael, let us talk about art" so I to you, Mamma, let us discuss the theatre. "You know how we always discuss the theatre; I, talking for about four hours at a stretch andyou saying; 44 Yes, my dear, I know, " and I, with forefinger uplifted saying, 44 Don't yousee, don't you see?" While I'm quite unconscious that, before I was, you saw. So let uscontinue at a distance the 44 Don't you sees " and the 44 I knows ".To begin with it is a particularly fine day here. 44 Here " is Italy, 44 here " is Florence, and44 here " is the perfect hill on which San Miniato is built. Sun of optimism all over the place,and in the middle of it your son and his optimism.The Newspaper comes here every day. 1 continually read of your nightly conversionof Captain Brassbound, and sometimes of Nance Oldfield. Do you remember the fearfulrapidity with which Nance Oldfield first leapt upon the Lyceum Stage? Was it three daysthat the play was produced in or twelve? it was not much longer at any rate.What an excellently bad actor I was! And what a dreadfully good actress you were!How exceedingly difficult it is for young actors and actresses when playing with masters of theart to do anything at all, unless the young actor or actress is a little bit brilliant, ratherstupid, and absolutely conceited. How difficult it is to do anything but sit down and lookon. One feels such a duffer. They must all feel duffers. The ease with which the great actorpasses from thought to thought with hardly a movement of a muscle; the control the greatactors have over their voice, so that they can say many things in one sentence; the way inwhich they are able to pass from one side of the stage to the other without seemingto have moved at all; all these things are amazing and confounding for the young actor,making him impatient that he cannot do this or anything like this. ... And then, when theson of his mother cannot do this .... 44 orror on 'orror's 'ed haccumulates" as the oldprompter used to say. &amp; And here's the funny thing, too, about it; that a most intellectual,a most ideal mind, if trained for thirty years, could not do it, could it?.... does it ? ....hasit ever been known to ? JS?Can acting ever be taught? No; you've said so many hundreds of times. No, But thoughyou are not so good a critic as your daughter, meine liebe Schwester Edy, who is a superbcritic, you are quite right; you must be... Don't you mean that you cannot teach actingin the same way as you can teach Algebra and Euclid, and also that you cannot teachacting as you can teach the rules of proportion or as you can teach counterpoint? &amp; Thesethings have laws which hold good for all artists, architects and musicians; and by followingwhich a decently musical or artistic soul can create beautiful harmonies, pictures or buildings,but by disregarding which can be created hideous confusion.... 44 I know, my dear, I know"; a gentle and a sweet sniff, a raising of tlie head as if looking far into the distance, andin your movements I hear your answer. &amp;But how right you are, how entirely right. Acting cannot be taught. And as it cannotbe taught, acting will ever remain one of those beautiful chance products, which seldomare seen in their full beauty. How many times in a century is it seen? Six or eight?I dare say you in your generosity would say ten. And how many actors are there in theworld today? &amp;I am writing a fearsome looking paper which commences " Acting is not an art. Actors arenot artists, " and the rest of it. &amp; Now that's a bright way to begin, but when you read ityon will know what it all means. You will know that I am following up that which youassert,... that acting cannot be taught, that it has no laws: that obviously, if this is trueit is no art. &amp; &amp;1 think if it had any laws you would have found them out long ago and would have toldme. Then what also supports what I advance is the fact that Madame Duse speaks insomething of the same strain, saying that until all the actors die of the plague the stagewill not be saved. &amp; As you know she goes on to say, " They poison the air, they make artimpossible;" and she probably includes herself, don't you think so, because she is not vainor stupid. She probably means that to stop acting altogether, and for the theatre to bethoroughly swept out, brushing aside all the plays, all the costumes and the rest of theLord Mayor's Show, would leave the place so blank and so fresh in its emptiness that whenthe people of the theatre once more entered it they would enter in a different spirit, andin royal trim; courage up, pride up, and purpose fixed; and with those qualities behindthem they would be capable of creating works of their own without assistance of theplaywright, of the costumier or of the orchestra. 1 think that is her opinion. The staffon which her flag waves has no end. The flag can go up and up without reaching the top.I believe that the great actors possess the power of creating pieces of work withoutassistance of any one else; that is to say, 1 believe that you, or one of the few others,could, taking some theme or some two themes, ... let us say the idea of Meeting and theidea of Parting out of these things, by movement, scene, and voice, put beforethe audience all the different meaning of all the joys and sorrows that are wrapped upin the idea of Meeting and the idea of Parting. Especially could a woman do this, Let us, as it were, now make such a piece. We search in our imagination or our memory,or wherever it is to be found, for the vision of those particular places where meeting smusthave happened. We gather them all together, ten, twenty, forty, a hundred. Some we throwaway for some reason or another as valueless. Those which we have retained, those whichwe have selected, we put down, either in our memory if we are clever enough, or on paper,or better still with a few touches of the pencil on paper. Those which we have selectedmean so much to us that when they are set before an audience, in the right way, they willmean as much to them. They cannot fail to do so. &amp;So far so good. &amp; &amp;&amp; We next picture to ourself, or call up from our remembrance, from the thousandand one sources.... books, pictures, and what we wi11,... those exquisite and appealingmovements which conveyed the thought, which created those moments... or thosemovements which anticipated a meeting, and which lay in the very meeting itself. &amp;We recall to mind, or appealing to our imagination, we beseech it to remind us of all thosesounds which are connected with this theme. Not merely sounds of the voice, but thosesounds innumerable by which even a blind man can tell what is happening and what hashappened and what is about to happen, as clearly as if he could see it. &amp;Having got together this material, these three separate collections, as it were, of things done,things seen, things heard, (and even while we were collecting them, we have been particularto put aside and commingle only those which were of the same family), we can say we havegathered together so many " Harmonies " in movement, scene, and voice on this theme.We know that no artist will express these in the same way, and in the expression is theindefinable quality which here cannot be talked about. One will make his movementssymbolical, another will make them realistic. One will make his scenes a vision, retainingonly the very essence of the ideas which he has gathered together; another will make hisa realistic scene. One will utter sounds musical in their quality, and will convey a sense,a hint of the thing; another will state facts, using matter-of-fact words; and in either case success can be attained, although the finer success conies with the imaginative treatment.Let us take a meeting; one special one that I can think of. JS? Do you remembet theetching of Blind Tobit by Rembrandt? Get it and look at it now. x? &amp; The picturerepresents him in the moment when he hears the voice outside the door, and rising, hurriesacross the room, his face glowing, his body trembling. The old man makes for his ownshadow, which grows larger and larger on the wall as he advances. He has missed the doorentirely. We see in the picture how in rising he has overturned a spinning wheel. We seea little dog, unconscious of his blindness, is running between his legs. Yet on he goes,hopelessly, towards his own shadow.... (a very dramatic invention), and soon the expectedone will arrive. JZ? &amp; &amp; JZ? &amp; jg? &amp;What we do not see in the picture but what we can imagine from it, is that beautiful yetrestless state of waiting previous to this meeting; and we can imagine the beautiful patiencewhich such a figure would convey to an audience, as silently in his room he waits for theappointed time of his delivery. &amp; 1 can imagine the many little noises in the room, thelarger noises outside, and from the multitudinous examples which nature has to offer, we canselect a dozen, or two dozens at the most, of the significant scunds which will emphasizeeither the patience, the anxiety, thev restlessness, the fear, or the love of old Tobit for theone who is coming. &amp; I can hear him as he sits there waiting*, an old Jewish book of thelaw on his knees, which he holds as a young woman holds a buich of flowers....; I can hearhim repeating in a deep soft voice law after law, and then bursting forth with the familiarwords of his prayer for extermination. &amp; I find in these wordf; sufficient use of the voiceand sufficient suggestion by words for my purpose. &amp; Soon tie voice of the one who iscoming, will be heard far off. We know what the tones mean without hearing a word. Itis the old love cry of " I am here ", and his cry which answers is but the same response" Here am I". &amp; jg? &amp;And so with the hundreds of actual meetings which are recorded in history; and so with t leabstract ideas of Meeting and Parting You, and the other great workers in the theatie,could present such to the audience. &amp; &amp; &amp;We have talked about this, I think, but not so much in detail as now; and 1 think you haveagreed, when the question has come up, as to what the gain would be. We have foundthe gain to be a certain spontaneity, in as much as the performer was not hampered in hisexpression by having to fit himself to the shape and size of the dramatist. &amp;I was speaking to somebody about this the other day, when they asked me did I mean DumbShow. &lt;£? Surely it is only in the theatre that such a word could have been coined.A very negative affair, dumb show; and to be negative is not the business of the Theatre orof any Art. This presentation or vision, or whatever you like to call it, would not tai:ethe place of words, for having a natural and particular material of its own for expressingall it would wish to, it would be sufficient for itself; it already has "A place" and wouldleave words to keep their own place. &amp; &amp; &amp;. Florence, March 18, igoy. r. , .The ease of thegreat actor. js? cannot hetaught. &amp; A beautifulchance product. Madame Duse. Scene. M o v e in e u t Harmonies. Bli 11 d To bit. Not Dumb Show. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFCORIOLANUS by Edward W. Godwin, F.S.A. r|phe early days of Rome are known to us only in the form of legends, tales, or stories, andnot as history or contemporary record. The legend most favoured by the Romans tellsus that the town was founded by Romulus or Romus, a descendant of the Trojan heroAineias, the mythic son of Aphrodite, who is supposed to have escaped from Troy, and aftersundry flirtations with winds and waves in the Mediterranean, and with ladies on the coastof Africa, found rest at last in the Italian peninsula. After this Romulus reigned certainkings of whom stories are told as mythical as those concerning 44 the founder. " But outof the legend we gather here and there fragments which are capable of being pieced togetherinto something like a probable entity. Thus, close by the Latin city of Rome, the MonsPalatums, were certain Sabine and Etruscan settlements: one of these, the Sabine townof the Quirites, called Curium, stood on the hills to the north, or the Mons Quirinalis andthe Capitolinus. These two towns appear to have early made a league, but Instead ofremaining two cities or forming one people, they assumed the position of two distinct peoples,yet free citizens of the one city of Rome. The early kings were not hereditary, but wereelected alternately from the Romans and the Quirites. We have the names of seven ofthese monarchs. The fifth and seventh were Etruscans from Tarquinii, and the last, LuciusTarquinius Superbus, described as cruel and lawless, was deposed and banished B. C. 510.The acts of this king, of his son Sextus in the case of his cousin's wife—to which Shaksperedevotes his longest poem— and the ill odour which appears to have enveloped the wholefamily, were too much for the Romans, and so they determined to have 110 more kings,and entrusted the Government to two leaders, afterwards called Praetors, and later stillConsuls. Under the kings the people had been divided into the two classes of Patricianand Plebeian. When the monarchy came to an end, the leaders and magistrate of Romewere elected from the Patricians by the whole body of the people; but after a little whilethe Plebeians rose against the idea of the Patricians enjoying special privileges, and, aftermuch stormy disputing, the Plebeians gradually gained the day, and at last, in B. C. '366,they elected one of themselves to be Consul. Now the story of Coriolanus comes to us asa legend, and long before the time of authentic history. It belongs to the period of theCommonwealth, and is therefore subsequent to B. C. 510. But it must also be subsequentto B. C. 494, for in that year the Plebeians, impoverished by war and smarting under oppression,retired to the Mons Sacer, three miles from Rome, and could not be induced to returnuntil the right of appointing tribunes was conceded them. At first the number of thetribunes was limited to two. but in B. C. 457 the number was Increased to ten, and ourplay presents us with five, so that the story must fall between the years 494*457* But thetext says Coriolanus was sixteen years old when Tarqum besieged Rome. If this refers tothe story of the last attack Coriolanus must have been born B.C. 514; he would consequentlyhave been twenty years old when the first Plebeian Tribunes were appointed in 494.And now what sort of towns were Rome and Corioli in those early days—the days of DariusKing of Persia? We can have very little hesitation in replying that Rome, like Corioli, wasessentially Etruscan. The later or Etruscan kings had done much to improve Rome by theerection of new buildings and a general encouragement of their native arts. So, therefore, it is to Etruria and her Asiatic birthplace we must turn if we wish to get an idea of Romebefore its destruction by the Gauls (B. C. 390). &amp; jg? &amp;Of Etruscan buildings very little now remains; amphitheatres, theatres, city walls and tombsmay be seen, but no temples, palaces, or dwelling houses. At Tusculum and Arpino pointedarches with horizontal joints occur very similar to the early Greek work at Thoricus andMycena?. Sutri still possesses its amphitheatre, cut, as so many of the tombs are, out ofthe solid rock. But in none of these works is there the slightest indication of anythingapproaching elaboration, and if any " order " existed it was most likely to have been somesimple form of the lonic, or in other words one founded on Asiatic traditions. We havethe arch proper (of radiating construction) in Assyria—in the drain beneath the south-eastpalace at Nimroud—we find it in Etruria and in the Etruscan work of the Cloaca Maxima,built during the Roman monarchy. We have in Greece—at Thoricus and Mycenae—the pointedarch built in horizontal courses, and we find it again in Etruria,—at Caere, Arpino, andTusculum, whilst at Assos in Asia Minor the pointed and the semicircular arch occur in thesame gateway one behind the other. The natural inference of this is that the early architectureof Rome was that of Etruria, and that the architecture of Etruria, like its people, descendedthrough the Pelasgic from the Asiatic race. The bracket capital, of which the lonic was thefinal outcome, may therefore be taken as the index of the style. The temples and palaceswere no doubt small, and in great part constructed of wood, the material so much favouredin Assyria and Syria. The ordinary houses would scarcely be of more durable material, butthe town walls, gateways, and tombs were evidently of stone strongly and carefully knittogether. Vitruvius says the Etruscans had two kinds of plans for temples, one circular liketheir tumuli, and one rectangular, arranged with three cella?. Both, however, were compara=tively small, in fact, building appears to have flourished in this confederacy more under theengineer than under the architect: for even the tombs at Caste! d'Asso show nothing more thansloping walls, sloping door jambs, and extremely broad mouldings relieved by small members,the section of which is unlike anything we know as Greek or Roman. But on the other hand,Coriolanus tells us (Act iii., Sc. 3) that his Rome had " large temples and that the seaporttown of Antium was a " goodly city " of " fair edifices. " Turning now to the scenery asset down in the play, we find no less than twenty-eight scenes, twenty of which arearchitectural. These twenty are divided between the cities of Rome, Corioli, and Antium.In Rome we have—1. A street. (Act i. Sc, 1, which may be made to serve for the public place in Act ii.Sc. 1; Act iv. Sc. 6; Act v: Sc. 1 and 4; as also for the street scenes, Act iii. Sc. 1;and Act iv. Sc. 2.)2. An apartment in Marcius's house. (Act i. Sc. 3, which may also do duty for Act iii. Sc. 2.)3. The Capitol. (Act ii. Sc. 2.)4. The market-place. (Act ii. Sc. 3, and Act iii. Sc. 3.)5. Before a gate of the city. (Act iv. Sc. 1.)Here the most important architectural scene is that numbered 3, which, under the word" Capitol, " introduces us to the interior of the temple of Jupiter, designed under TarquiniusPriscus, finished during the reign of the last king, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, and dedicatedin the third year of the Commonwealth or Republic, B.C. 507. Nothing whatever nowremains of this Etruscan work. All we know is that it had three cellse side by side underthe same roof: the central one, larger than the others, was dedicated to Jupiter, that onthe left to Juno, and that 011 the right to Minerva. Of the other scenes I have only to saythat the character of the buildings would partake very much of that already described inmy first article on the Greek plays (1). The walls of the city andthe lower storeys of the better class of houses would be built of large blocks of stone,squared in courses or polygonal. Going round the city we should see arched or semi-circular- headed gateways, square flanking turrets or towers, and embattled walls. Within the houses,courts, with small rooms surrounding them, might be seen, and where upper storeys occur,colonnades might be introduced on the top of th£ ground-floor walls, the whole coveredeither with flat or pointed roofs. In the best of the Patrician houses we should find twosuch courts, the outer one for the men, and the inner one for the women, and it would be in this last that the third Scene of the first Act would take place. The houses of thePatricians would be of stogie, terra cotta and wood, the tenements of the Plebeians wouldbe mere hovels, chiefly composed of wood, mud, and thatch. &amp; jgrTurning now to Corioli the architectural scenery consists of1. The senate-house (interior, Act i. Sc. 2).2. Before the walls (Act i. Sc. 4 and 7).3. Within the town.The walls, gateways, and streets would be much the same as in Rome, and the SenateHouse might be constructed on the theatre plan—a semicircle with raised seats, perhapscut out of the solid rock, and covered with a velarium. Passing on to Antium we have1. An open place before the house of Aufidius (Act iv. Sc. 4).2. A hall in the same I ouse (Act iv. Sc. 5).3. A public place (Act v. Sc. 5, may very well be the same as No. 1).Here we have only to deal with the house of the " General of the Volsces, " and takinginto consideration the words of Coriolanus in the opening speech of the fourth Act, we maynot be wrong in assuming this house to be the most palatial-looking residence of the threetowns illustrated in the scrnery of this play. The exterior would probably be little differentfrom those already desci ibed in my third article on the Greek plays. The interioris here clearly the atrium or area; the roof might have been supported by square or roundpillars, but possibly only by four cross beams. Whichever way we take it the scene canhardly fail to be impressive if properly carried out. The dark, muffled, meanly-clothed figureof Coriolanus, the busy servants, the chaplet-crowned gay Aufidius, the bright painted walls,the terra-cotta figures and ornaments, the fountain, the shadowy recesses, the soft notes ofthe flute, and the murmur of the wine drinkers (for dinner is just over, the tables have*been changed, and the ser&gt; ants are fetching the wine), are ingredients for a picture, onstage or canvas, which could scarcely fail to command the attention of multitudes—that isif the lime-light did not exist. So long, however, as theatres are what they are, it is sincerelyto be hoped no one will be quite fool enough to attempt to put this play upon the stage.The scenery is extremely difficult to arrange, the costume as yet hardly understood even bythe best antiquaries, and al ove all there is no actor living who can act, speak or even lookthe part of the hero of this tragedy, and certainly no actress physically or mentally capableof impersonating Volumnia. Modern actors and actresses have no conception of the dramadirectly it becomes poetry. The dignity and beauty of art are old-fashioned things, quiteout of keeping with the modern spirit that delights in chaff and mockery, and fondlybelieves them to be the outcome of wit. To mock at love, religion, education; to jeer theunfortunate; to chaff the suicide; and ridicule the justice and majesty of the law are thethings which succeed if done with a sufficient amount of absurdity, and 1 may add accompaniedby a sufficient number of 1 retty girls and pretty songs. This mockery is unquestionablythe central spirit of the age, and those who take it and mould it for the stage into an hour'samusement for us are the artists who, perhaps, best represent, and who will be mostidentified with, the age. Of Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Sullivan we ought only to speak in wordsof praise: their work within the limits assigned is wholly admirable and altogether to bepreferred to the dull commonplaces or the smart impertinences of modern English " comedy."But of the people who, having become tired with burlesque of classic myth, and, bored withstagy reflections of their own vapid lives, now prefer to see the passions of their own livesburlesqued rather than demand Che poetical drama, and by the demand cause the supply ofthe poetical or artistic actor—of these people one might fairly hold opinion with Pythagoras,that souls of animals infuse themselves into the trunks of men. &amp;Having delivered one more word against that detestable pretence, the modern stage, 1would say a few words on the cortume of the people and time to which the play refers. Andfirst we must remember that in costume as in architecture the Roman style, as we generallyunderstand the expression, had no existence—had not, in fact, come into being at the periodabove fixed as that wherein we must seek the action, viz., B. C. 494*457. Etruria is thefirst country to which we ought t&gt; look, and it is fortunate that we possess in the BritishMuseum a singularly interesting Etruscan monument that contains in the modelling of itsburnt clay almost all the information we can need for completing the mise-eii-scene ofCoriolanus. The visitor to the Museum, having passed along the Roman gallery, finds himself at the upper audi of the Great Egyptian room or gallery: here in a central position, cuttingoff, so to speak, the end of the large room, so that it appears as a cross gallery in continuationof and uniting the Roman and the Graeco-Roman rooms, is the terra-cotta Etruscanmonument to which I have referred. This large and valuable relic belongs to the CastellaniCollection, and was found at Cerventri, the modern title of the old Etruscan city of Caere—acity of great antiquity and territorial importance and in such close connection with Romethat she received the vestal virgins when the Gauls cried havoc and ldt slip their dogs ofwar upon the banks of Tiber. Now let any one examine well the figures in the single combatrepresented In the bas-relief on the front of the monument, and then go to the first vaseroom and look at the figures of Hector and Menelaus fighting over the body of Euphorboson the Greek pinax or plate in the table case, at the upper end of the room, or if he inspectsthe bas-relief with Mr. Thompson's admirable photograph of the plnax in his hand, he cannotfail to recognise an extraordinary similitude between the Etruscan model and the Greekpainting, which Dr. Birch dates about B. C. 600. If, again, we compare the civil costumerepresented on the Caere Monument with those exhibited on the Assyrian slabs and thefragments in the table cases, we cannot long hesitate in arriving at the conclusion that themen of Corioli and the inhabitants of Rome and Antium before the Gaulish invasion stillobeyed in externals at least the Asiatic influence of tradition. Compared with the Greekand later Roman costume, the dresses of the figures before us show a marked scantinessof material. The women's dress consists of a tunic reaching to just above the ankle, cutsquare, looped with two or three buttons, making it high in the neck, and producing shouldersleeves. This tunic is secured by a very broad waist or breast-belt, and over the shouldersand arms a capacious shawl is worn, which is evidently used as the outdoor garment andordinary covering for the head. The hair is dressed in more than one fashion, but a caulconfining the back hair and a fillet round the front hair, with short curls over the foreheadis the fashion most affected, although the hair on the principal figure is worn in long tightbraids. One lady has her back hair divided into three portions, the central portion beingby far the largest, and these are confined within a triple or three-lobed caul, one divisionfalling over the back and one behind each ear, an arrangement which appears to me a decidedimprovement on the single caul. Besides military and civil costume, these bas-reliefs furnishus with illustrations of furniture, so that we need not trouble to search much further forevidence wherewith to complete the mise-enscene of this play of Coriolanus. The text Is singularly free from anachronisms, and the poet follows the story as told byPlutarch with an accuracy which neither fetters the poet nor detracts from the poetry,and which adds the charm of a strong and vivid reality to every person and every scene.The references to such things as coals, mailed hands, drums, steel pikes, pack-saddles,mummers, spectacles, gloves, handkerchiefs, groats, churchyards, &amp;c., and the introductionof the names Hob and Dick, (1) are made in the slightest manner, and are entirely out-weighedby the references to customs and things of the date of the story. With regard to architectureand furniture we have reference made to embroidered hangings, in Volumnia's first speechto cushions and to stalls, bulks, windows, lead-flats, ridged roofs, and temples that couldbe burnt "in their cement." Little mention is made of costume and implements,but we hear of bats and clubs, of cobbled shoes, doublets, leaden spoons, caps, pins, veils,scarfs, targets, or circular shields and buckled helms. The early Kings Pa trie ia n &lt;£*Pie h ei an. The date ofCo r iol a 1111 s . H t t u sea nhuil(l i n g s Vitruv i us . The Scenery. The city of Rome The city ofCori o 1 i The House. The difficulty ofprod u c i 11 gCoriolanus. The spirit of111 o c ke ry . The Costume. An Etruscanmonum en t. Tli e wo me 11' sdress . &amp; The text. (1) This article wili be shortly republished in " The Mask " jgr &amp; jg? &amp; (t) There might have been an early Galen before the Galen of history A. D. 130-200 REALISM &amp; THE ACTOR.A REPLY TO A CRITICISM. by John Semar . contemporary, The Stage, is nothing if not incorrectin matters of detail. A writer in its columns informs hisreaders that The Mask is printed in Milan, that it hasbeen interrogating sundry English and foreign actors on therelation of Realism to the stage, that it affects a 44 bizarremake-up " and 44 bears heavily the mark of preciosity. "The correct facts of the case are that The Mask is printed in Florence, that it has been interrogating the opinions of playwrights, critics, play=goers,and stage managers as well as actors on this matter of stage Realism: that it does not affectany 44 make-up " at all and intends to bear no characteristic mark 44 heavily. " &amp;&amp; The writer in The Stage goes on to accuse The Mask of not acting like The Stage wouldhave acted. He says it is a pity that The Mask did not define what is meant by Realism:in other words, he hints that The Stage would have consulted the experts and would haveprefaced their opinions by giving its own. This is what the writer in The Stage says:44 It seems a pity that The Mask did not define what it meant by realism. Apparently44 it takes realism and reality to be one and the same. It would perhaps be better to regard44 realistic treatment as that treatment which favours a close approximation to the real. "We think that the experts have really described Realism better than the writer in The Stage,much as we would like to look upon this writer in the London theatrical journal as anexpert.The writer then goes on to say that The Mask dissembled. He continues, 44 Why did44 the Mask dissemble thus? Here is Mr Beerbohm Tree saying 'Obviously' to No. 2, and44 4To all ' to No. 3. " In other words, he implies that Mr Beerbohm Tree is careless and thathe is off=»hand. The questions were very plain to understand, as readers of The Mask willremember. To the first, 44 Do you consider Realism in acting to be a frank representationof human nature? " Mr Tree replies 44 Obviously ".... and obviously that is just what realism is,for the experts admit as much. Before replying the experts had time to consider what afrank representation of a character might degenerate to 44 if the actor should be allowed thesame liberty as is permitted to the writer or the painter. " And then we asked, 44 Shouldthis liberty be allowed? " the two questions forming one. Mr Tree replied (i) 44 Obviously "and (2) 44 Why not?" Mr Grundy replied (1) 44 Yes ", (2) 44 Most certainly not." Mr GordonCraig replied, (1) 44 Yes ", and (2) 44 The actor will never ask for this liberty. "*£? Now, all these gentlemen are supposed to know how much liberty is allowed to thewriter and the painter,.... not merely to the old writers and painters, but to the modernwriters and painters. With them it is perrnissable to paint and write of subjects which itis obviously {surely obviously) impossible for the actor to represent without being peltedwith eggs and onions.Mr Tree asks why he and his fellows shall not be allowed to represent in a frank wayand with the same liberty as the writer and painter, the episodes of Samson and Delilah,Perseus and Andromeda, The Annunciation, Judith and Holofernes and others which TheStage,.... the very organ of the foot lights, says are 44 too startling to mention with arespectable Lord Chamberlain about." &lt;£? JZJNow, how would it be possible to do this? Surely, as Mr Grundy points out, the actorbeing flesh and blood makes this impossible. Why? We want to know why. On what grounds?esthetic or moral? We think the reply would be Both. It would be really ridiculous to seethe Perseus which the most realistic painters and sculptors have shown us is the Perseusfor the eye, the real Perseus, and therefore the Perseus for the Realists, walking about onthe stage of His Majesty's Theatre with a pair of sandals on, a helmet, and very little else.And it is because it would be ridiculous that it would be immoral. Surely Mr Tree wouldbe the first to say this if he has not said it already.JS? But no, strangely enough we turn to his answer and we find that he sees no reasonwhy he or any other actor should not give a frank representation of Perseus. He may advance that he would represent Perseus in a different way, than, for instance, BenvenutoCellini; that he would cover him in a toga or in any case in a short skirt with fleshings.But if so the thing becomes doubly ridiculous. Perhaps Mr Tree would advance that ridiculeis the best weapon to employ against a monster. But to he ridiculous? Surelyno hero was ever ridiculous except in Mr Shaw's mockeries? Mr Tree may say, "Whyshould I go out of my way to enact Perseus? 1 never suggested I should enact Perseus.You asked me whether I wished for the same liberty in my expression of the passions asthat permitted to the writer or the painter. " Well then, we reply, if Perseus does notsuit you, let us take some other instance where the role is agreable to you. Let us takeAdam for example. There is hardly a great poet or a great painter who has not depictedincidents from the life of Adam and Eve, and those painters and poets who have excelled mosthave treated the subject in the most austere manner possible. &amp; jg? &amp;Now let us agree with Mr Tree that it would be possible for him to treat the subjectin an austere manner. It is not necessary for him to represent every incident in the lifeof Adam. Here he has a wide area and can choose what incidents he wishes, but he mustadmit that unless the passions represented here are primitive ones he would most certainlyfail in his representation. And if you clothe Adam and Eve you again become ridiculous.Milton does not clothe Adam and Eve, neither does Kranach clothe Adam and Eve. Thepainter who represented Adam and Eve in costume would be ridiculous. &amp;&amp; Of course Mr Tree may say that he would take an incident after the Fall: that he wouldassume hunting costume, forest=like in character and that on the rise of the curtain Evewould be discovered making a pair of little pantaloons for Cain. But the first glimpse thatIthe pit had of a jacket or a pair of breeches would be enough to settle the fortunes ofthe play, and Mr Tree knows this. Then what does he mean b}' asking why the actor shouldnot be allowed the same liberty of expression as that permitted to the writer and thepainter ?What we want to draw attention to is a very important fact. It is the differencebetween the stage and the fine arts. And our purpose in doing so is to uphold the opinionexpressed by Mr Craig that acting is not an art and the actor not an artist; not becausehe is a whit less intelligent than other men, but because the nature of his work does notpermit us to regard it as a fine art.The arts have won the liberty to express what they wish. The writer and the painterhave from the earliest time had full liberty. The musician, owing to the mystery of hismedium, has even a fuller liberty. Beethoven, Wagner and the other masters of musicexpress certain things in their music by which, if the public saw them in actuality on thestage, it would be outraged, for the public is not always able to accept the truth of beautythrough the channels of its understanding. It is impossible for the public to understandthe simplicity of great truth, and so this mystical medium of the musician appeals merelyto its senses. No one can say what the musician means though many understand what hehints at, and as there is no statement made the communication is a private one. It is notquite the same with the writer and the painter, and the communion between actor andaudience is entirely a pubiic thing. &amp; 1 jz? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Again, we may hear the music of the musician without seeing the musician himself. We can see the painting of the painter without seeing him and we can read the words ofthe poet without seeing him. Therefore when Milton begins" Haste thee, nymph, and bring with theeJest and youthful jollitywe do not feel we are going to be put to the inconvenience of having to witness a nymphclad as Milton describes her going through the pantomime of the poetry: no, thankheaven, not even when the poetry of pantomime will have been restored. &amp;When we go to the Academy, and a Royal Academician, following the tradition of hispredecessors, is permitted to paint for us a " Venus at the Bath " we are quite certain thatwe shall not run the risk of the figure beginning to move and later on of being obligedto be introduced to her at the Duke of Mac Butland's. But think of the tedious bore itwould be if we were to go to the theatre to witness Miss Melpomene Smith's undrapedrepresentation of Andromeda chained to the rock, if we knew that we should meet the lady the following day at a garden party, (i) We should be sure to run this risk because the thingwould be dubbed " classic art and of course classic art is even admitted into Society.And one would think what a bore also for the great classic interpreter herself! FancyMilton arriving at the garden party of his period leading his Eve by the hand, or fancyBotticelli coming into the banquet hall with his Venus on his arm! Say what you will,there is a difference between the actuality of the nude figure on the stage or in a roomand the suggestion of the nude in painting and sculpture. Those people who do not see it never will. We shall come back to this point once regularly every quarter. &amp; J. S. The correct facts A "Stage'cl efi 11 itio 11. Mr BeerbohmTree . The liberty ofpainter &amp; writer Perseus. Adam. &amp; After the Fall. An iin port antfa c t . x&amp; Milton. At the Academy. A 11 d r o 111 e d a. (I) There Is of course a section of society that likes to meet the actor off the stage, but we are doubtful whether the sectionof society which likes to meet classical nudities off the stage can be very great. Again, if you meet them off thestage why go to see them on the stage? They bring their art with them into the drawing room, or rather they bringthe materials of their art. Why then take the trouble tc pay ten shilliigs to see them on the stage? Is it becauseeverybody does ? Is it because It is the rage of the moment ? Well, when we come to the rage of the moment we aregetting right outside art altogether. Here we get away from the writer and the painter. Here we have the real roaringbrutality of the modern theatre at its A WORD ON THE THEATRE spoken by W. S. Landor under the mask of Epicurus. Eeontion. Theophrastus would persuade us that, according to your system, we not onlyshould decline the succour of the wretched, but avoid the sympathies that poets and historianswould awaken in us. Probably for the sake of introducing some idle verses, written by afriend of his, he says that, following the guidance of Epicurus, we should altogether shunthe theatre; and not only when Prometheus and Gsdipus and Philoetetes are introduced,but even when generous and kindly sentiments are predominant, if they partake of thattenderness which belongs to pity &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Epicurus! although it would be very interesting, no doubt, to hear more ofwhat you do after dinner—(aside to him) now don't smile; 1 shall never forgive you if yousay a single word—yet 1 would rather hear a little about the theatre, and whether youthink at last that women should frequent it; for you have often said the contrary. &amp;&amp; Epicurus. I think they should visit it rarely; not because it excites their affections, butbecause it deadens them. To me nothing is so odious as to be at once among the rabbleand among the heroes, and, while I am receiving into my heart the most exquisite ofhuman sensations, to feel upon my shoulder the hand of some inattentive and insensibleyoung officer.Eeontiou. Oh very bad indeed! horrible! Ternissei. You quite fire at the idea. &amp;Eeontion. Not I: I don't care about it. Temissa. Not about what is very bad indeed?quite horrible? Eeontion. I seldom go thither.Epicurus. The theatre is delightful when we erect it in our own house or arbour, andwhen there is but one spectator. &amp;&amp; Eeoutiou. You must lose the illusion in great part, if you only read the tragedy, whichI fancy to be your meaning.&amp; Epicurus. I lose the less of it. Do not imagine that the illusion is, or can be, or oughtto be, complete. If it were possible, no Phalaris or Perillus could devise a crueller torture.Here are two imitations: first, the poet's of the sufferer; secondly, the* actor's of both; poetryis superinduced. No man in pain ever uttered the better part of the language used bySophocles. We admit it, and willingly, and are at least as much illuded by it as by anythingelse we hear or see upon the stage. Poets and statuaries and painters give us an adornedimitation of the object, so skilfully treated that we receive it for a correct one. This isthe only illusion they aim at; this is the perfection of their arts. rz? jz?&amp; Eeoniion. Do you derive no pleasure from the representation of a consummate actor ?4? Epicurus. High pleasure; but liable to be overturned in an instant ; pleasure at the mercyof anyone who sits beside me. &lt;&amp; &amp; &amp; AT BORCHARTS IN BERLIN. 1906. by Gordon Craig the stream of waiters and the eaters, I feel conscious of the presence of a certainspirit of the Theatre. Here is no play certainly, no words: and no series of incidents, nodevelopment of any great character. Yet it is Drama. It is enough: there is an impression,and a strong one, created by these two ideas. The idea of the Eaters and their Feeding.The idea of the Servers and their Service. &amp;Then comes on me the wish to attempt to transport on to the stage that which is beforeme. To do this 1 must give it a Form. Full of interest I start. &lt;&amp;?■ &amp;I find the conventional forms are useless. No five act play is before me: no Tragedy,no Comedy. A study; a sketch; an impression, a specimen. The Eaters and the ServingMen. Strangest medley of manners at surface with undercurrents even stranger.jZ&gt; How treat this impression of half an hour, how hint at the hidden by unveiling thatwhich may be seenTwo treatments; and the easiest occurs the quickest tome. The modern characterizationof the modern play. For the moment I see no other opening. The powerful picture of twoof the eaters, their amazingly entertaining actions, their particular little ways never alikefor an instant; the air of friendship which passes from one to the other and the morecertain undercurrent,—the sense of animosity. Two beings from different worlds, buteach a snob; both rich but common men, they seem to resemble two animals I have seen;the long protracted dinner with its courses ever on the crescendo; the cackle of pompousinsipidity. &lt;6?And then the more serious human element, the Waiters; the only workers in the room.Each a personality, and a very marked one. jZ? jZ? jZ? z?The first, who evidently owns a couple of horses in the country and possibly has hisown gardener who attends carefully to the peaches. The second, who might be the son ofsome sea captain; with him is the sea's tinge of melancholy, but with all the airs of agentleman. One imagines him dressed In the uniform of a naval officer and somehow itwould suit him. A third would wear with a grace the army uniform, and judging by hiskeen eye, his courteous manipulation of the guests and swift control over the hundredhidden cooks, he must be a man of personal magnetism. jz&gt; AH of these men are distinguished.Nearly all have the manners of gentlemen. jZ? jZ? &amp;And to bring the whole impression on to the stage? Although the method ofcharacterization seemed at first the easiest one there now appear insurmountable barriers!For we must consider our means, our material. jz/If we are to show all this intricate work in detail, we need actors of personality to undertakeeach role. We may draw twelve strongly defined characters and we shall look in vain for twelvesuch actors of character in one theatre. We might find twelve such if we had thirty theatres topick from each one man. For the subtlety, the humour, the exceedingly delicate differencesand strangely interesting manner of each of the figures in this scene is extraordinary. Andnot merely is it difficult for lack of actors, for Iti away actors would be wasted. Pantomimists,that is to say, the actor at his best, would be of more use: but alas, few pantomimists exist.And then, although it is the waiters who make the most impression on me as I sit herewatching them, when we come to transfer it to a platform or a canvass it is not necessarilythrough these figures of the waiters that we shall produce the same impression as I amnow receiving. More likely will it be through something to do with line, colour, movement,—things far removed from impersonation or representation; which have little to do withthe reproduction of actualities.So that the treatment must be a fresh one. Characterization is of no use here. And notfor this reason alone—not merely for lack of actors. This Impression is not to be broughtbefore us on the stage by means of a Realistic treatment in which characterization playsthe all important part, but by a Fantastic treatment, a sweeping glance, the impressionseized en masse, the individuals merged in the Atmosphere or Tone. Then and then onlyis it possible to put on the stage this impression which is without a story and must remainalso wthout characterization. &amp; &amp; To show this stream of waiters,—men who have chosen a joyful and artistic service,that of bringing food from the kitchen, which to us is the Unknown, to the eaters, and whodo their service in a masterly way, pouring out a glass of water as they would pour outa glass of the most rich and costly wine, handling a roll of bread as though it would breakand spoil if passed hurridSy through the air, who by and through their life which they arerevealing to me as they pass hurridly to and fro are revealing much more than their mereexternal life; who raise that life into a kind of ideal existence for me.&amp; Therefore facts are only to be dimly shown, only by suggestion, not by statement. And thissuggestion is not to be produced by merely cutting down the present material used in thetheatre; is not to be shown by merely lowering the Sights upon the present material; isnot to be shown by manipulating with a little more reserve the material of the moderntheatre, but by choosing new materia! altogether. For the Art of the Theatre is after allto reveal, to show by means of movement a Glimpse or a Vision of all things. And to thisVision belongs Proportion far more than all ell else. We can no longer be put off withthe modern makeshift. Man and the voice of man, that little personality and that littlevoice, loom far too large in the modern theatre and throw all things out of proportion- destroying all harmony by their aggressiveness. And this single impression of the eaters andthe waiters is but one of many that the Theatre was born to convey; and it can convey suchimpressions, be they either of eating, of travelling or of meditating, of common things orof high things only by the second treatment I have spoken of, the imaginative andimpressionistic treatment. And great actors are not needed for such work. Their talentor genius is in the development of character, and, as I have said, character has heredwindled and we see fifteen figures who pass and repass, their acts and actions startinga certain rhythm, conveying a certain sense; the other two figures who are seated bytheir movements complete that rhythm. &amp; &amp; &lt;£&gt;&amp; And why have I said nothing of words, for character, plot, story, is told by wordsThese indeed shall play their part in the general Impression, but their part is, as it were,but to add touches of colour; they shall bring colour to the impression, If one may sospeak, a colour of sound, and not a noisy and vulgar exhibition of sound which on ourstages of today degenerates into chatter or shouting So that the words will not be toexplain, to make mathematically clear, to lay bare. Our Impression of these few moments(like most of our impressions) is a strangely suggestive vision, all vague, yet clear enoughto those who have eyes and senses to understand: so clear that we who watch can supplythe words, the very thoughts of these figures who eat and who wait. Therefore in bringingour impressions to you we must leave it vague yet clear enough f0r....y0u. &amp;And will not all this be very dull? you ask. &amp;&amp; Indeed, the opposite of dull,—delightful. I have chosen the most ordinary Impressionfor my illustration and you will easily see how a far higher and more carefully selectedtheme would respond to such a treatment. The higher we go the easier and the moredelightful. A long sustained impression such as the great writers from toMaeterlinck give us, that 1 do not claim ; that is not in the nature of such visions, for whatFoe tells us is true of poems, is doubly true of visions,—that there can be no such thingas a long one. Let them glide into being, live for a few moments and then fade. The Treatment The Waiters. Tli e m a teri al. Pa n torn i m ists. A ires ht re at me nt . A joyful &amp;Artistic service. Suggestion, notSt at e m e 11 t. Words &amp; theirpart. What Poe tellsUS.JP Jc? TWO ACTORS: A COMPARISON. by John Balance Hjp here are serious actors, and there are actors who are not serious.1 hose who are not serious should not be asked their opinion 011important matters relating to the stage because it creates the impression that the intelligence of the actor is at a very Sow level. In the New YorkDramatic Mirror, July 4th, I came across two paragraphs side by side which serve toillustrate what I mean. The two actors are Louis James and the elder Sothern. &amp;Here are the two paragraphs reprinted side by side. I, OV I S JAMBS &amp; &lt;&amp;■ SOTHERN " I don't know why Peer Gynt should behard to understand." Louis James lookedup with earnest eyes from the well lemonedglass of iced tea on the veranda of Nacbolish(Don't Care Villa), his Summer home atMonmouth Beach, N. J. it. was one of therare, serious James moments."He is an egotist, a rollicking daredevil,a soldier of fortune, and an incurable liar.Those are not unfamiliar roles on the stageor off it. 1 intend to cut the play down athird. There's a lot that can be spared. Thepiece has been weighted down by a pile ofjunk that I intend to throw out of it, a lotof scenery that meant nothing, and someanticlimaxes that meant less than nothing.For instance, in the scene when Peer tosseshis mother on the roof and walks awaylaughing at her ends the act. To let oldwomen come on and commiserate with herabout her bad boy spoils the effect. He hasshown by tossing his mother on the roofand marching away laughing that he has noreverence. That is a point made without anycackling of old women. I shall try to bringout the lightness and humor in It. There isplenty of it, especially when he tells hismother the lie about his hunting feat. " &amp; " Earnestness—doing everything as well asI know—never acting on the impulse of themoment, and thoroughly understandingwhatever I have to do, are the chief reasonsfor my getting on. Much of my success Iowe to study of the elder Wallack and toRachel. Wallack showed me the necessityof conveying at a rehearsal what you intendto do at night, and the importance of payingstrict attention to the minutest detail. Hewas one of the greatest stage=managers Iever met. His actors had to be able to givea reason for everything they did. If theycouldn't give a reason they stopped doing it." I gave up my engagement for six weeksto study Rachel. There was a fascinationabout her acting that was grim, almostpainful. She had less action than any artistI have ever seen, but she was so intensely inearnest, and her passion was so overwhelmingthough subdued that one was lost in wonder.I learned from her that one of the chiefelements of whatever success 1 expected mustbe earnestness, intensity, and thoroughidentification with every part in which 1might be engaged. There is not an audience inthe world which will not quickly detect thesympathy between the actor and his play. "New York Dramatic Mirror, July 4. j cannot conceive anything less serious than Mr Louis James' attitude, nor anything morethorough than Sothern's. Louis James may be a finer actor than Sothern, but that is notwhat I am concerned with here,.... and perhaps Mr Louis James' words have been incorrectlyreported, though looking at the paragraph carefully this does not seem to be the case. Sothat if the actor has been correctly reported he makes himself out to be the most carelessstudent of a play and the most amazing vandal who ever cut up a dramatic master piece.Perhaps it is one of the " rare careless James moments. " It certainly is not a seriousmoment. &amp; &amp;First of all, he does not see why " Peer Gynt" should be hard to understand. Then heexplains why he does not find " Peer Gynt" hard to understand, and he gives Ibsen thecredit of writing an ordinary everyday rollicking dare devil character, and he says that" Peer uvnt,, is not an unfamiliar role on the stage; and therefore being a not unfamiliarrole he intends to cut the play down a third. You notice that he says there is a lot ofthis master piece by Ibsen which can be spared, and in spite of Ibsen telling us that theplay has to be performed in thirty eight different scenes, Mr James intends to throw outof it a lot of scenes which mean nothing to him and some anticlimaxes which mean lessthan nothing to him.One would have thought that Ibsen, who wrote this play, would have known betterthan Mr James how many scenes were necessary and also something about the climax andanticlimax of the tragedy. He is complimentary to Ibsen in saying that he appreciates that the character has plenty of lightness and humour, and he is spirited in saying that hewill try to bring all this out. Evidently this is the result of drinking " well lemoned icedtea " on the verandah of a Villa called the 44 Don't Care Villa. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;I think that any body reading this James paragraph must admit that it is about the funniestthing that ever has appeared in print about an actor. Here we have a man who may be, for allwe know, a very fine actor; but who on the face of it turns his profession into a joke, tieintends to cut down the play a third. Why, it is tremendous! He does not intend to cutdown Mr Claude Fitch's play, or one by Mr Stephen Phillips because Mr Phillips and MrFitch are alive, and because they would tell him their reasons for the length of their plays:but not having Ibsen at his elbow to tell him the simple yet profound reasons why thisplay 44 Peer Oynt" is a certain length, why it is in thirty eight scenes and why there areanti-climaxes and a climax, Mr James is unable to see himself in the role, and in his despairhe comes to the conclusion that what he cannot understand cannot be of any value and so he cuts it out.What he can understand is that 44 Peer Ciynt" is an egoist, is a dare devil, a soldier offortune and an incurable liar because the man tells many lies during the play, (lies of anenormously poetical character), because he wanders from land to land seeking his fortune,because he experiences many daring adventures and because he is continually soliloquisingabout himself. But any child can understand as much. Any member of the audience whogoes to the theatre can read as much from the book without going to see Mr James. Whatthe actor is for is to show us those things which we cannot see for ourselves: not to cutout that third part of the play which puzzles us just because it puzzles him. And then onthe top of it all for Mr James to say " I don't know why Peer Gynt should be hard tounderstand!!!..!!" Mr James seems to have found it so hard to understand that he throws upthe sponge.Now, this is very typical of a certain kind of actor. This is a type which has probablyalways existed, but he is a type which everybody should try to put out of existence. Helowers the standard. He is the worst type. He is a far worse type than that which says" I'm not acting for Art's sake. I am acting for my bread and butter. The only day whichinterests me is Friday morning when I receive my salary. " This is a type easily to beunderstood and which does no one harm but himself. JSZ &amp;But Mr James stands for the type of actor who is serious, who undertakes to bring tothe nation the serious master pieces. There is no more serious work than " Peer Gynt „in the whole range of the modern drama. Perhaps we may say that there never has beena play so difficult to understand since the birth of dramatic literature; and thereforethose actors who undertake to represent such a play accept a very serious trust; they standfor all that is highest in the intellect and the character of the stage. Therefore when suchan actor takes such a master piece and cuts it down a third, upsets the sequence of thescenes, misunderstands the anti»climaxes and talks about Ibsen's passages as 44 spoiling the44 effect " it lowers the standard of the type which he is there to uphold, and gives theimpression that the most intelligent type of actor is an out and out ignoramus. &amp;Now turn to the paragraph where Sothern speaks. He is essentially the type of theserious actor. He does not talk in a slap-dash manner about cutting master pieces: hisvoice is very quiet and modest, and all young actors should follow what he says here. He isreally typical of the fine serious actors. He gives up an engagement for six weeks to studyRachel. He understands how wonderful it is in her that she had less action than any otheractress he had ever seen. He understands the grimness of her acting which he describesas being 44 almost painful. "He does not talk about 44 effect" but rather about 44 thoroughlyunderstanding 44 Doing everything as well as he knows how 44 never acting on theimpulse of the moment".... 44 paying strict attention to details ".... 44 being able to give areason for everything he does".... &lt;4 if not able to find this reason, then not doing it." &amp;JZ? Comparing the statements of James and Sothern we find that the first has a bad influenceon the young actor while the second has a good influence. The first teaches the youngactor to say 44 that which I cannot understand must be nonsense ". The second will teachhim to go on working until he thoroughly understands the most difficult things. Jameswould teach the young actor to avoid difficulties, Sothern to surmount them. &amp; &amp;&amp; James, therefore, would create the mentally flabby actor, Sothern would create the mentally athletic actor. James, although he would not admit it, is body and soul for the44 pretty-pretty" actor: Sothern is for the strong actor,.... "Her acting was grim, almostpainful. " James is playing down to the public: Sothern is playing up to the public. All thatis best in the American theatre will follow Sothern and will try to forget Louis James as hesits with 44 a well lemoned glass of iced tea " on the verandah of " Don't Care Villa. " &amp; The twoparagraphs. The twoattitudes. Peer Gynt . A complimentfor 1 h s en. What Mi Jamescan understand. The worst typeof actor. A serious work. Sothern. BOOK REVIEWS &amp; 44 THfi FRA »: MONTH!, Y. F,lhettHubbard, fiast Aurora. New York. 35 centsa copy. 3 Dollars a year. &amp;44 HPhe Fra " is a right good magazine andwill be all the better when it has grownup and developed itself. It is one of thosefew journals in America not formed upon aEuropean model. It springs from Americansoil and its sap is American. Its strength isthere right enough and it has power tospare: ..it might do well to waste a little uponpreliminary experiments which it might burn.44 The Fra " is certainly as strong as an oakor a bean, ...and if not as cultured as a beanor an oak it is only for lack of time. We areall apt to forget that the bean and the oak orany of the thousand marvellous works of na- ture are all consummate works of art. Weare apt to say things are not natural unlessthey are rude; to think of nature as a kindof careless workman, a regular hooligan whothrows up any old rock and calls it the Carraraor Rocky Mountains; who plants its oaks andbeans quite careless of form and style.We make a blunder when we think soand when we attempt to fashion our worksof art in the same manner. &amp; If anythingthis is rather the fault of timidity thanof Democracy. Why should Democracy be awhit less cultured than any other Socialism?Because we are democratic it does not alterthe oak or the bean, and these, together withall other natural growths, are always orderly,obedient to the oldest traditions, detestingmodern innovations and casting out allrevolutionary elements from their being. Thebean, just because we eat it, is not a grossthing nor an ill-cultured thing. It is theperfection of design; no architect could bemore fastidious, no jeweller more delicatethan is the force which fashions this marvel.This being the case, we fail to see why pas- sages like the following should not be betterconstructed, more fastidiously fashioned andmore delicate.44 IF you happen to meet a gent who has44 in his hatband a price-tag, you must never44 see it, and certainly not call his attention 44 to it, If you do it will probably cost you" Coco-Cola for the crowd. I ran across the44 game in Georgia and found it popular from44 Atlanta to the sea." &amp;&amp; 44 THE FRA stands for art, Art is not a44 thing separate and apart—Art is away. Art44 is the beautiful way. Art should extend to44 every function of life, for our environment44 as well as our actions should be graceful,44 harmonious, beautiful. THE FRA stands44 for the art of living."44 The44 Fra " stands for art " and is full ofthe praise of nature, but it goes in for beingfar more comic than art can ever be, andnature is never comic; the sea does notcontain one drop of the comic; only man,who sails the sea, manages to create atomsof that strange and often poisonous atmo- sphere. jgr&amp; The designs in 44 The Fra " are also farfrom good; they do not in any way reveala study of nature. The initial cliches are allalike and none seem to have been evenengraved by the good honest hand of a woodengraver. &amp;The title page is dreadful. Now, whoeverdesigned it will chuckle when he reads this,for whatever else he (or she) is he is a manor woman who knows what he or she wants.And he has put it there. Glaringly it stands;and in the middle those wonderful words,44 Success is ten per cent opportunity andninety per cent intelligent hustleNow, young, old or middle-aged man,whoever you are who wrote that or designedthat title page, we advise you to go and spendan hour or so dissecting a common bean, thecommoner the better, and see if one hundredper cent of its success is not due to a slowand cautious development founded upontradition.Walt Whitman is really at the roots of44 The Fra and who wouldn't have such asoil to grow from? Whitman is at the rootsof most of the fine sproutings of today. But44 The Fra " has forgotten that caution whichWhitman was never too hasty to forget.We hope 44 The Fra " will forgive ourimpertinence, ....we are in the critical veintoday.... and we hope the44 Fra " will commencetraining a few of his fellow workers in theexcellent craft of wood-engraving. It takesquite as long to make a good wood cut asto make a bad electrotype, and the result isfar finer.... for the engraver. You can't makea hustling cut. You must be patient, freefrom nervous haste, and cut away in the samespirit as you fire a rifle when there's awager on. You don't hustle then,... but youhave to be no less intelligent; and only so canyou succeed, and hit your bull's eye. Most of the type used in " The Fra " isgood, but the capital letters are ill-shapen.The 44 Fra's " cook wouldn't bake a beanwhich looked so ill=&gt;shapen as the R on thefirst page. The P and the D in " OpenRoad " would scare any horse that came uponthem suddenly at a sharp turning.The play»actors ought to like " The Fra "and ought to take it in as " The Fra "says nice soft things about the actor.Perhaps it is a friend; perhaps not. " TheMask ", being a friend, says sharp and hardthings about the actor. Tha tis because 44 TheMask " is not going to be a friend for an houror a month or even for a year but for quitea long time. Yet the nice things the " Fra "says about the actor are quite true exceptthat note about books and the actor. The" Fra " says, " My heart goes out to the44 play actor. They give more and get less than" any other class of people who stand inDouglas' three dollar shoes ". Well, of courseeverybody's heart goes out to the play actor,and they give a great deal, but we are notgoing to begin miowling about what theydon't get. There is nothing pathetic aboutthe actor at any rate, and we don't want thepublic to shed a silent tear as they think ofthe 44 poor lone actor " etc, etc. £?Then the " Fra " goes on to say that theactors are all children, they never grow up." They are all children—they never grow up." The gods must love them, for they die44 young no matter how long they live. &amp;44 Their innocence, their hope, their gullibility,i( their fond and foolish belief that they are" 'on', when all the time rogues are playing44 them for muskellunge, would be funny if" it were not pathetic. They ail love books,44 but few own a book case. They all love44 art, but few possess a picture. Yet" E. S. Willard, for example, always carries44 twenty choice volumes with him, and before44 he enters his room at the hotel these44 books are placed on their portable shelf,44 and over them sits a little bronze bust of44 Shakespeare, while on the wall is an old44 framed engraving. And so this mime makes44 himself believe that he is ever at home,44 and he points you to what he calls his44 44 treasures "—the little shelf of books, the44 bust and the one picture. "This strikes us as charming; so simple apicture. We see the simple and ratherpathetic Mr E. S. Willard arriving sadly atthe hotel in New York in a pair of Douglas'three dollar shoes. We hear him going upin the elevator whistling the while a few barsof 44 Home, sweet home dropping a sighwhich shall be caught by the attentive andtrembling elevator boy so that the elevatorboy shall shortly say to his fellows whodwell in the servants' appartments, "The pooractor upstair, the poor actor! " And then the44 poor actor upstairs " passes into (oh woe,oh woe!) his meagre appartments costingbut a mere twenty dollars a day. We seehim turning up that tenth rate illuminant, the electric light, sighing the while as heremembers all the rich and prosperous whocan afford their candle. We seem to see himcasting a despairing eye round the room,flinging himself upon his books and hispictures and loving them for ten minutes.Now really, Mr Fra, you are ridiculous whenyou talk of the actor, for the actor as a ruledoes not love his books very much, nor doeshe love his pictures. But when he does he doesnot want it so emphasized as to make it appearunusual on his part that he should. Whatis unusual in a man carrying forty or fifty7books with him, or a portfolio of drawings,or a good sized book in which he has pastedall the engravings of which he is most fond?For really there are quite a number ofactors who carry these things with them andsit in a comfortable but inexpensive littleroom studying them. But these men certainlygo in for none of the humbug which weassociate with the man who sends his fourteenor twenty books ahead of him to be put inhis expensive hotel room with his bust ofShakespeare above them as a sort ofadvertisement that he is a "literary fellow" orthat he is artistically inclined.Again, the 44 Fra " says, 44 Out upon that44 colloused crew who use the word 44 actress"44 as an epithet! The actress is a woman—-44 usually a woman without a home. She44 lives in the glare of the lime=light. All of44 her actions are subjected to a blaze of44 criticism.This would be a heart=rending tale if wedid not remember that the actress is avery practical sensible woman, and that if shehas no home she has a very comfortablelodging everywhere. 44 She lives in the glareof the lime=light ", does she ? But ask MadameSarah Bernhardt what she thinks of the lime- light on the stage and off the stage and shewill tell you she finds them both quiteharmless and perhaps very amusing.But when all this criticism is said anddone 44 the Fra " remains a right good magazineand we all wish it good luck and a little lesshustle and a little better perspective in itspictures of the 44 poor player ". BOOKS, JOURNAES AND MAGAZINESRECEIVED uz&gt; &amp; &amp;" Gemma Bellincioni " by Frans Mijnssen. " TheNew York Dramatic Mirror y\ New York. " Ri vistadi Roma " Revue Napoleonienne " The Balance ", Moscow. "Argus " Helsingfors. " VjSzemle Budapest. " II Teatro Illustrato Milan." 77re Bibelot Portland, Maine, U. S. A. " 77fePapyrus East Orange, New Jersey, U. S. A. " TheFrayy, East Aurora, New York. " Die SchaubuhneBerlin. "Ie Temoin ", Paris. JZ? £? FOREIGN NOTES following questions were recently putby the Editor of 44 The Mask" to thecorrespondents of this journal in the largecentres of Europe. JZ? JZ?L Does the work in the Theatres in yourcity show hasty conception and carelessperformance, or careful thought and slow andpainstaking execution? JZ? JZ&gt;2. Is the Public contented with what itreceives in the Theatres, or, if there arethree or four sections of the Public, arethey divided on this point? &amp;We print below some of the repliesreceived and a further series will be publishednext month, and as reports arrive. ENGLAND R.S., London your request to report whether the TheatresK show signs of careful or hasty work findsme compelled to reply, Hasty work. Haste,in fact, characterizes the entire world of theTheatre. They seem to be working againsttime. I questioned some stage hands theother day. " Plenty to do, Sir, " theyanswered, 44 to get ready in time; but it willbe all right on the night ". That is typicalof the whole Theatre. So long as they are44 ready on the night " it doesn't much matterhow it's ready. jg?On many a first night I have been to latelythe actors have not known the words of theirparts. Perhaps this is one of those detailsin which the manager may be inaccurate,...of that 1 am not able to speak; the sceneryand general management of the stages revealmuch hasty work. What happens to be goodis good through happening. zz?Miss Isadora Duncan and 44 twenty Parisiandancers " have been here this month, and hereagain haste predominates, for surely it wasonly over luiste which caused Mr Frohmanto describe twenty poor little German, Belgian,Polish and Dutch girls as 44 Parisian Dancers ".These little girls have been trained in Berlinand have visited several cities in Europewhere they have exhibited their games; theymay have danced in Paris,..., but this doesnot make them 44 Parisian dancers. " JZ?And surely it was only over-haste which madeMr Frohman announce on the posters thatthe music was from Gluck's LVPHIGENIAinstead of IPHIGENIA. £/According to "The Stage", a reliable authorityon all matters pertaining to vaudeville, MrCharles Frohman is going to be still morehasty in America. "The Stage" announces thatMr AI Levering, who is Charles Frohman's right-hand man at the Aldwych in London,suddenly turned up in New York latelyand is making arrangements for the appea- rance of Miss Isadora Duncan there, professedlyat one of the theatres, but as a matter of fact,44 1 he Stage " has every reason to believe thatMr Frohman is contemplating an excursion intothe vaudeville field, and to that end is quietlymaking arrangements for Miss Dnncan and afew others (i), for preliminary experiments,which, if successful, will be enlarged upon.With this end in view several artists havebeen approached, with regard to the supplyof high-class acts. &amp; &amp;Miss Duncan in the vaudeville field is themost colossal idea which Mr Frohman everinvented; but it also shows haste.Mr Frohman describes Miss Duncan as 44 Thesensation of the Continent ". This also showshaste. We may shortly expect such noticesas the following: 44 Mr Frohman presentsMadame Duse, the Rage of the Earth ". and44 Mr Frohman presents Miss Ellen Terry, theMirth-provoker of the World that is tosay, if Madame Duse and Miss Ellen Terrypermit such vulgarity. &amp;&amp; This haste in matters of art has beendirectly imported from America. It isspreading over Europe. Art will in timebe taught in the schools by hustling tutorswho will tell their pupils that Art is hustlingmesmerism. Twenty Parisian Dancers 111Tremendous, Mr Frohman, simply tremen- dous! ...But isn't it swindling the public?^ (1) Who can these "few others" be?... Most mysterious.Possibly the same "Twenty Parisian dancers" warmed upagain, this time probably described as " Forty Moorishdancers"? .... Or may we expect the Napoleon of theTheatrical world to present in one and the same theatre onthe same evening Miss Duncan, the White-eyed Kaffir, andSandow ? &amp; &amp; GERMANY G.N., Berlin I regret 1 cannot send you word that theTheatres show signs of careful work.Energetic work in plenty, but all far toohasty. The stages seem to be the experimenttables of the 44 artists " and the public isthe dog upon whom these experiments aretried. It is human vivisection of the mostinhuman character. I wish I could reply toyour question more cheerfully. JZ? SWEDEN M.M., Stockholm a scrap of careful work to be seen here,...denotes haste. If there isanyone doing some careful work here in thetheatre we have not seen him nor heard of it.There is a public here which wants betterwork, ...I believe this is so generally, but herethe suppliers refuse to take any notice ofthe demand. I regret I cannot say otherwise. DENMARK R., Copenhagen. VX/e see nothing but the same bad work inthe theatre today as we saw formerly. Ireturned here from 1ta1y,.... went to the theatre,.... expected to see somethingbeautiful,.... (though why one should expectthe impossible Heaven only knows), and sawwhat I had seen before, if anything a trifleworse. Low humouristic plays from the penof our beloved idol. Ibsen seldom if everproduced here. Bernard Shaw's " Arms andthe Man" once performed. A bad spiritbroods over the theatre. If you ask themanagers why the work is so bad they tellyou that the public wants bad art. There aremany of us here who do not believe that thepublic wants bad art in the theatre any morethan in books or in the galleries. &lt;£&gt; &amp;There are signs that the new spirit mayawaken in our theatre's art, but the signs arenot to be seen in those theatres whose dutyit is to reveal it. &amp; &amp; JZ? O.R., Copenhagen *lphe theatres of Copenhagen have too greata fear of experimenting. They are doinghonourable work, but their efforts areunsuccessful owing to their adherence tothe old methods, and their first thought isthe economic question. Not even the experi- ment (and failure) of a " Thdatre intimesuch as Strindberg's " Theatre intime " inStockholm, has been risked on any Copenhagenstage. &amp; jg&gt; &amp;The productions,...at least those on thestage of the Royal Theatre, are given withvery great care and after numerous rehearsals,the aim of the director always being theimitation of nature and the production ofnaturalistic illusion. &lt;&amp;The staging is especiallycareful in historical plays, everything beingprepared in minute detail. The stage isarranged like a room in a historical museum.With the scenes and costumes the manageris able to cope and can be sure of obtainingsome results. Not so with the actors.. Theactors here are undisciplined. They are toomuch bound by the correct, pedantic andunimaginative school. When one of themdoes break free it is only to take libertieswith the text and to disregard stage direction,and this of course merely achieves theabsurdity of spoiling the harmony of the play.I have heard other, and intelligent peoplesay that they do not visit the theatres becausethe theatre does not preserve the illusion. Ishould think that these people would bepersuaded to go if the theatre did not makeany pretension of creating such illusion butset out on some other new and less tediouspath. Certainly most people here aredissatisfied with the theatres, the one halflaying the fault on the actors, the other onthe dramatists. Of a revival of the Art of theTheatre nothing is as yet to be heard. AUSTRIA A.S.L., Vienna. HPhe Vienna Theatre habitues form a highlycritical class so that any form ofcarelessness or slovenliness in a performancewould at once be met with sure signs of misapprobation, lor the Viennese, beingtrained as they are from their earliest youthto a right appreciation of the Theatre, arequick to assertVtheir judgment.&amp; The Theatre has a great past; it maywell look forward to great future. We arein a transition state, but there is plenty ofmovement, and movement means thoughtand thought progress.; The mere fact thatthe audience is one trained to an intellectualunderstanding of what is enrolled beforethem places the management on the qui vive.The managers know what is demanded ofthem and must do everything in their powerto keep up a certain standard of excellence;therefore the performances as a rule showslow and painstaking execution. This is tobe seen at all the theatres. The leading roleis played by the Imperial Theatre. Herefor ages the youth of Vienna have beeneducated in the classical drama and herethe love of the Theatre is engendered,andwhat is more, classical nights always pay.Those who have not the wherewithal topurchase seats are content to stand for hourswaiting for the opening of the doors forthe chance of obtaining a standing place forthe performance, and eveii the errand boysmay be seen reading Reclame's editions ofthe classics, Schiller, Shakespeare, Grlllparzer,Goethe. This shows a deep-rooted inbornlove for the drama which, tenderly fostered,expands and sends its branches everywhere.And thus critical audiences are trained. Butthe Imperial Theatre does not confine itselfto the classics let it be said. Next to thisconies the Deutches Volkstheater which isas a rule visited by the same critical audienceas the Imperial Theatre, and where the samedemands are made and responded to. Thesetwo form a class to themselves. &lt;£? &amp;There is still another and a higher class,but by far in the minority, which demandsmore than these two theatres can offer, andtherefore seldom visits them. These yearn forsomething higher than the usual performancesboth as regards the acting and the stagedecorations. These look forward to a brightfuture, and Duse is their ideal. And she hassown good seeds here which time will surelyfructify.Of the sections of the public who desirea mere nothing but a few hours amusementwithout any real intellectual enjoyment hereis no place to speak. There are always suchin all large cities as the numbers of theatresdevoted to such entertainment can testify.But it must be maintained that even herethe audience is a highly critical one.&amp; But the theatre forms but one half of theeducation of the Viennese. Music is asinborn to them as is the drama, and thesetwin sisters go hand in hand. Mahler hastrained an audience, highly sensitive, cultured,and hence critical and drastic as lie was, itwould be well would the theatre managersfollow more in his wake. Isadora Duncan Dancing FINLAND G. C., Helsingfors. Owr theatres suffer from the curse of alltowns—the frequent change of programmeon account of which the actors cannot prepareserious, really artistic work, but are compelledto be satisfied with very superficial results.It Is impossible even for gifted actors to holdout against this system; they lose theirenergy and J their artistic conscience, theircreations become empty and j monotonous.The exceptions from this rule are few. Inaddition it seems as if the Finns were] notspecially gifted for acting, their nature beingtoo reserved. Finland has only one eminentactress, Ida Aalberg, but the days when shegave us her best work are past. The onlycomfort for the j lovers of the art* of J thetheatre in Finland are therefore the foreignactors and actresses, who visit us. &amp; The public is divided into two greatgroups, one Finnish and one Swedish. Theformer is naive," enthusiastic and relativelyuncultivated; the latter more cultivated, butalso more 44 blase " and more uninterested.Neither of these takes great interest in theattempts to create a better state of thingswith regard to the theatre; there are only,in either group, a few young men who tryto fight for such optimistic dreams, buthitherto as it seems with no great success. HOLLAND J. v.H., Nordwijk. \/our two questions about the theatre reach* me here where I had hoped to escapefrom all thought of the theatre and artand think only of the sea and of nature, butnow that you brought back to my mindthe theatre of Holland, with its performancesand its public I will do my best to say nicethings about it,... if the sea, so turbulent,ever in revolt, will permit me. &amp;&amp; Let me say then one good thing for theDutch theatre. It is dead I mean if thesea is alive. It was ugly before its deathand it is now uglier afterwards,...if the stretchof sand that I see and the blue water in frontof me are beautiful. Every piece of workon its boards shows the hastiest of conceptionsand the most utterly careless perfor®mance,...if what I am looking at now exhibitswhat may be called patient preparation andthoughtful execution.&amp; And now you ask whether the public iscontented with what it receives in the Dutchtheatre. 1 have been sitting here an hour and Ihave not seen a discontented face the wholetime. When I have visited the] theatres inAmsterdam or the Hague I have seen every facediscontented, gloomy, petulant or desperate.1 cannot tell you whether the public arecontented with what they see in the theatres;1 can only report to you the expression oftheir faces. &amp; Now let me qualify this statement byanother. 1 have seen these same faces lightingup with pleasure and becoming quite agreeable to look on. That has been when an occasionalvisitor fromJforeign; lands, with a particulargenius all his orj her own, has broughtsomething of beauty ,to our theatres: or ithas been when music has taken the place ofthe plays and actors. I should like to saythat I have jin ] these instances found thepublic a very enthusiastic public. I have insome instances seen the theatres so crowdedthat they could not hold another person.So it seems to \me that when any Dutchmanager or actor or singer or dancer or evenscene painter or costumier makes up hismind to bring something beautiful before uswe shall receive it with enthusiasm. Whena man of genius shall arrive in the Dutchtheatre, (and I agree with your Englishman,Craig, that he need not be a dramatist), Ido not think there will be any doubt as tothe reception he will receive. &amp; AMERICA Prof. G. B. Baker; Harvard 44 Co iong as the theatres [in Americarun like bargain counters, with themanagement continually on the outlook forready sellers, the drama in America willremain at a low ebb. jgr &amp;44 Nothing is more contemptuous than theway the theatrical managers treat theAmerican public. They think Americanswould be unable to recognize a good thingif they should see it unless it already shouldhave been declared a success by Paris orshould bear the name of a well-known author ". LONDON R.S. 'T'he scene used by Miss Isadora Duncan,* which everyone has taken for the workof Mr Gordon Craig is not by him, but is rathera poor imitation of his work. We should havethought Miss Duncan the last person in theworld to have been satisfied with an imitation. FLORENCE ft will be of interest to our readers to iearn"that Mr Gordon Craig has been invited toBerlin to produce '• King Lear" and theTrilogy by Aeschylus; that he has also beeninvited to Holland to produce that remarkabelplay, 44 Everyman "; to Moscow to produce aplay by Shakespeare which has not yet beendecided upon, and to London. &amp; &amp;&amp; if • the production] at Moscow is vto be44 Hamlet", and should|the production inLondon be 44 Macbeth " as it is suggested, itwill be a phenomenal sign of the trend ofevents. We cannot call to mind any stagemanager who has been invited to four differentlands to produce plays of this magnitude, andespecially within so short a space of time. £? EDITORIAL NOTES J. S. Porta Romana. Florence. E. Thesleff J ast month we spoke about the parodies ofLife and Death of Jesus Christ whichwere exhibited to the public through thecinemetograph. We asked our readers tocommunicate with us should they come acrossany like horror. Mr Chronander, the well- known sculptor of Goteborg, writes us, " 144 have seen similar horrible things in Sweden,44 only they were much worse than those I have44 seen in Italy, an added danger being that in44 our case the shows were warmly recommen=44 ded by clergymen. The productions professed44 to be cinemetographed from the religious44 plays of Ober Ammergau, but as a matter44 of fact I believe that the films of all these44 so-called 44 religious " horrors come from44 the United States, where hypocrisy and44 Mammon agree well together.Tp wo suhscribers have written to us tocomplain that they have discovered errorsin the text of their copies of 44 The Mask ".This leads us to fear lest these errorrs mayhave crept into other copies whose ownershave borne the discovery without complaint,and we therefore ooffer a comprehensiveapology for our Printers' errors to all readersof 44 The Mask ", past, psesent or to come.The proof Readers are English, but theCompositors are Italian. JZ/Now, an Italian compositor, like allItalian workmen, is a spirited and igeniousperson with a preference fer doing thingsin his ownw ay. If you direct yourcarpinter to make you a square table he willprobably turn out a round one. You remon- strate, even protest. He is aggrieved, andin no sense abashed, it seemed to him thata round table would be batter, and so a roundtable it is, ....and remains. You tell yourgardener that a certain bed is adapted forspinach. He smilies as if in affirmation,....but none the less the ground yields peaslSo it is with the compositor.&amp; The MSS are supplied to him type written :he sets to work, and in due time supplieshis proof.&amp; A large staff of proof readers than setsto work in its turn to undoe most of whatthe compositer has done. The latter thensteps forwardagain, eliminates a few errors,substitutes fresh ones for the rest and....the office staff once more bends its forses tothe task. &amp; So it goes on.&amp; Truly, the Italians are a charming anddelightful race 111 &amp;P. S. We believe that the compositorsare notquitesoignorant of the Englishlanguage as we had imagined, for we notethat they have made, and evaded the correctionof, mere mistakes in this paragraph than inall the preceding pages, as if in silent protestagainst our criticism of them, and to let usknow what they, on their side, think of us!!Vft/e asked a very well-known theatricalDramaturg of Berlin whether hiscountrymen liked the hustling methods ofdealing with the Art of the Stage which MrFrohrnan has imported into Europe. Hereplied that he had never heard of Mr Frohrnan.We explained all about Mr Frohman's manytheatres in America, England and Cunard,and somewhat warmly encouraged him toadmit that at anyrate the energy of MrFrohrnan was remarkable.He would not have it for a moment that sucha wholesale trade in an art could be eithergood in itself or lead to good results.44 Take care what you are about. If you44 don't resist the introduction of such a system44 and if you don't stop it while there is time,44 your English theatre will become a business44 like your sports are in danger of becoming.44 Your sportsmen and artists should together44 resist the dangerous approach of the44 Theatrical Trust and the Sports Trust ",There is much to be said for this. If sportis the athleticism of the body, Art is the athleticism of the mind. Gordon Craig wishes it to be understoodthat he is not the Editor of 44 The Mask ".He acts as artistic adviser to the journal,but the control of the literary matter is inthe hands of Mr John Semar. &amp; &amp; ALMANACK FORARCHITECTURE1?mGIGIGIGIGIGIGICHjISIBIGISISIEIEIEIEISIA NEW CATALOGUECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDREDPAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversi IN Mini mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmSCHUSTER &amp; BUFLEB. G. M. B. H.BERLIN W 30 * NOLLENDORFSTR. 31. 32* BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN THE BUTTERFLYQUARTERLYIS A NEW PUBLICATION, CAREFULLYPRINTED FROM EXCELLENT TYPE,ON FINE TONED PAPER, Bxio in: INSIZE, THE EDITION BEING LIMITEDTO 500 NUMBERED COPIES. ITCONTAINS VERSES, TALES,TRANSLATIONS, REPRINTS,DRAWINGS, WOOD-CUTS, BOOK-PLATES, AND OTHER MATTERS OFBOOKISH INTEREST. 0 &amp;YEARLY SUBSCRIPTIONDOT,TARS 1.25 POST FREE. &amp;THE BUTTERFLY QUARTERLY1126 WALNUT STREETPHILADELPHIAU. S. A. &amp; "VIESSEE" (The Balance) &amp;A RUSSIAN LITERARY &amp; ART MAGAZINE PUBLISHED MONTHLY IN MOSCOW BYTHE SCORPION PRESS" The Balance " contains Poetry, Fiction, Drama, and Essays on Art and Literature bythe best modern authors, both Russian &amp; Foreign. jgrThe Journal has correspondents in all the chief cities of Europe. jz?" The Balance " is illustrated by drawings, etchings, lithographs, etc: (also colour plates)by Russian and Foreign artists. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;£&gt; Annual subscription, post free. 18 francs. (14 shillings) OFFICES; MOSCOW (RUSSIA) THEATRE SQUARE. METROPOLE BUILDINGS 23.JS&gt; CHIEF - EDITOR; SERGE POLIAKOFF. &amp; &amp; THE MOSHER BOOKS&amp; &amp; M D C C C X CI-MCMVIII &amp; &amp;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He has putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration.QUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, 1907.^My new Catalogue a remarkable piece of book-work in itself explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free 011 request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology.THOMAS B. MOSHER &amp; PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U. S. A. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS. &amp;By Gordon Craig &amp; with a preface.thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofthe plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. &amp; Average size of plate.14 2/3 xl 5 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 .o. o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks).'"These etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage.*c Movement", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever" remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp; &amp;" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce" once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister" Arts, Music and Architecture ".t9v\Jf■/,*fi»r+&gt;»V£S•#*--X~ l ~ 4 %. &gt; v » * * . * x « c . * V «. tORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of " The Mask " 2 Lung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence. Italy. £?Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, In payment for which1 enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks) &amp; &amp;SignedAddress. LIBRAIRIE ANCIENNET. DE MARIN IS &amp; Co. £r 5 Via Vecchletti - FIRENZEJ»I»»Wsa41&amp;rd?:h•AJVI HI lfmr- ■/-xflflfill&amp;3»if.«,*AA.ID••I*l*«»&lt;g&amp;11 »■■s:U»ii«&gt;SSrujlfev : —-f I■r~-~4 f QS2*111'Mi00"lmi—Naai111!mmfootOJnantntilIMM &lt;an1 »iituit46Hi'Xi^r0 000llltlLi-lt nnao.nU7^Ml**-i 3mi *VIJ«TTncfff:ir^£b£3C3n/vC2f3£HGOa c:AtitrurwFine Collection of MSS., Incunabula, rate and curious books XV-XIX cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. THE SOCIETY OF FOURaHAVE PURCHASED ONEOR TWO BEAUTIFULWORKS OF ART OFTHE LATE QUATTROCEN-TO AND EARLY SEICENTOCOMMUNICATIONS PROMTHOSE DESIROUS OF PURCHA-SING SHOULD BE ADDRESSEDTO THE " SOCIETY OF FOUR " ATTHE ADVERTISING OFFICESOF " THE MASK BORGO SANJACOPO, 8. FLORENCE (ITALY) : /e temoin.LE PLUS BEAU JOURNAL SATIRIQUELE PLUS VIVANT, LE PLUSACTUEL, LE PLUS QAI, LE PLUSARTISTIQUE. £&gt; &amp; £&gt;US/ UZZ Us/ UsZ J£ZABONNEMENT, I AN, FRS 7.00SPECIMEN No. GRATUITSUR DEMANDEADMINISTRATION, PARIS, 18 - RUEH6O£SIPPE-MOREAU, NO. 1. JG? J0 ANTONIO FRILLIAWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, &amp; Garden Seats, &amp;Vases Fountains Flower=stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.ORAMD PRIX1904PURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES &amp; &amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4 &amp;£&gt; (ESTABLISHED i860) Die SchaubiihneA weekly Theatrical Jour-nal Edited by SiegfriedJacobsohn.Verlag Oesterheld &amp; Co.Lietzenburgerstrasse 60 Berlin W. 15.Single copy . . M. pf. 30Quarterly . . . „ 3. „ 50Yearly . . . . „ 12. „ 00 THE MASKIs at the disposal of readers at thefollowing places in Florence &amp;Gabinetto Vieusseux Grand HotelHotel de la Ville &amp; Hotel WashingtonHotel Bristol &amp; Biblioteca Filosofica-01 French Lemon's Bank. and thefollowing Restaurants &amp; CafesReininghaus Gambrinus Melini&amp; Paskowski Giacosa LapiDoney Troller. &amp;With the opening of the season thislist will be Increased. NEW YORK DRAMATICMIRRORThe oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. PhilosophicalLending Library5000 volumes 011 Philosophy, Religion,Mysticism, Occultism, ecc. Englishphilosophical Books &amp; Reviews. Rea-ding and lecture room, lectures everySunday free for subscribers Sub-scription terms very moderate. Pro-spectus and catalogue on application.PIAZZA DONATELLO 5 - Tel. 15=30