The mask 13 2 April-May-June 1927 naau_1927-04_01 The mask 13 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THE WHOLE IS GREATER THAN ITS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 THE OLD QUEEN'S THEATRE, LONG ACRE, LONDON. (For further description see Editorial Notes). Illustration 4 THEATRE BOOKS 1902-1927 J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 THE WHOLE IS GREATER THAN ITS PART GORDON CRAIG cre 7-11 PALAZZO VOLKOFF. VENEZIA, IN WHICH ELEONORA DUSE LIVED. The Palazzo Volkoff is the central Building. Illustration 7 THE PART IS LESS THAN THE WHOLE. TWO BEERBOHM TREE STORIES. 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 AN ITALIAN BALLET. SHAKESPEARE, OR A MIDSUMMER NIGHT ' S DREAM TRANSLATED FROM THE ITALIAN OF GIOVANNI CASATI. 12-16 Untitled Image Illustration 16 A DESIGN FOR A ST AGE SCENE. By Gordon Craig. Plate 7. Illustration 17 SOME SCENIC DIRECTIONS USUALLY KNOWN AS PARADOSSO. TRANSLATED FROM THE ITALIAN. GIULIO TROILI DA SPINLAMBERTO cre 19-23 Untitled Image Illustration 20 Untitled Image Illustration 22 ADVERTISING AT THE HEART'S EXPENSE. John Brownsmith cre 24-25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 A SIXTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN FOR A THEATRE. J. S cre 26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 PLAN FOR A THEATRE. Designed by Giorgio Vasari il Giovane 1598. Plate 8. Illustration 27 CARICATURE BRA WIJVG OF MLLE. GEORGES IN THE ROLE OF "MEROPE" 29 Plate 9. Illustration 29 THE CENSOR AND POOR IAGO. X. Y. Z cre 31-32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 PICTURE BOOKS. FELIX URBAN cre 33-34 FIVE BOOKS. 35-37 FROM A SENSIBLE LONDON JOURNAL. HILDA TREVELYAN THOMSON cre 37 "ONLY" A NOTE BY C. G. SMITH. 37-38 Untitled Image Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 38 A WARNING TO ARTISTS. A Dishonest Agent. DIDDLED cre 38 THE ROYAL COBOURG THEATRE, LAMBETH. As first opened, May 11th 1818. From an Engraving by Stow of the drawing by Schnebbelie, R. R. For further description see Editorial Notes. Plate 10. Illustration 39 ON ACTORS. EDMUND DE GONCOURT cre 41 Untitled Image Illustration 41 STENDHAL IN MILANO. TRANSLATED INTO GERMAN BY JOHANN WOLFGANG VON GOETHE AND INTO ENGLISH BY A. D. COLERIDGE. WITH A NOTE ON CRITICS C. G. E cre 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 LITERARY AMERICA 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 BOOK REVIEWS 43-50 FROM "BRANT'S SHIP OF FOOLS" 1347. Illustration 43 THEATER UND LICHT 43-44 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY AND 44-45 &lt;&lt; PLAY-MAKING " by William 46 VINCENT CRUMMLES. HIS 46 THE LETTERS OF MARIE 46 A PLAYGOERS WANDERINGS 46 LETTERS CONCERNING THE 47 SHOOT! by Luigi Pirandello. Chatto 47 MINIATURES AND 47 SIDEWALK STUDIES by Austin 47 PASTICHE A Music Room Bookl 47 CUES AND CURTAIN CALLS 47-48 RELATION IN ART by Vernon 48 WILLIAM BLAKE. 1757-1827 48 THE MEMOIRS OF CARLO 48-49 A HISTORY OF LATE 49 GILBERT AND SULLIVAN by 49 ESSAYS ON OLD LONDON by 49 BERNARD SNA W MAN 49-50 RIP VAN WINKLE GOES TO 50 MAGAZINES. 50 THE ARCHITECTS' JOURNAL. 50 THE DRAMA (Monthly) edited by 50 EDITORIAL NOTES. 50-51 Untitled Image Illustration 50 200 FRENCHMEN AND 50-51 A PALTRY AT TA C K 51 OUR FRONTISPIECE: 51 THE RO YALCOB 51 jirinrFiri-rrik K e R , 51 SOME NOTES ON OLD FLORENTINE THEATRES. WITH REFERENCE TO THE ACCOMPANYING CITY PLAN. 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 THE MODERN PAINTER AS VIEWED BY MR. THOMAS CRAVEN. U. S. A. 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 THREE VIEWS ON WOMEN AND THE DRAMA. 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 KEEPING YOUNG 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 MR CYRIL MAUDE AND LITTLE THEATRES. 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 PLAN OF THE CITY OF FIRENZE, 1783. Designed, and engraved by Francesco Magnelli and Cosimo Zocchi. Plate II. Illustration 53 _ !■ m _• &lt;rap MPMMM m* «g» «_ _»jr JH[ ™ Iffir T&amp; /BT A l@r lllltla A ( 1 1| -I V I H |\/l /\ W 1^I I 1 I , IVI /-\ k j |\™ • -Mr •- • r A ¥ M. A. M* A Mbt. VOLUME TWELVE BISNUMBER TWOAPRIL - MAY - JUNE19 2 7 .ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) (POST FREE)TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. APRIL 1927 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions:but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address : The Editor: " The Mask "» Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK THE MASKf)T%.19 0 8 19 2 7 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1927 THE MASK1927 All Rights reserved. April 1927.Direttore responsabile Antonio Mar aim*Tipografia Giuntina, Firenze. THE MASK1927 THE WHOLE IS GREATER THAN ITSPART: Eleonora Duse and the Commediadell'Arte : by Gordon Craig.A TRANSLATION OF AN ITALIANBALLET, 44 Shakespeare, or a MidsummerNight's Dream, first performed in Genova 1855»SOME SCENIC DIRECTIONS, with TwoDiagrams, by a Seventeenth Century ItalianArchitect and Scenographer.ADVERTISING AT THE HEART'SEXPENSE: or ; Romantic Lovers, LordBerners and Mr. Richard CapelL A DESIGN FOR A THEATRE for 44 TheIdeal City Giorgio Vasari ii Giovane, 1598.THE CENSOR AND POOR lAGO, witha note or two on Messrs Comstock and Ber- nard Shaw, who both loved the Censor.A WARNING TO ARTISTS, contributedfrom practical experience, by 44 DiddledARTICLES AND REVIEWS on The Chi- nese Theatre, the 44 Movieson Actresses,and Theatre Architecture, on Pioneers and manyother entertaining subjects. LITERARY CONTENTS. THEATRE BOOKS. 1902-1927 J. S Page 47THE WHOLE IS GREATER THAN ITS PART . . Gordon Craig . . 49AN ITALIAN BALLET. SHAKESPEARE, or A Mid- summer Night's Dream From the Italian of Giovanni Casati . 54SOME SCENIC DIRECT lONS ...... Giulio Troili da Spinlamberto, known asParadosso . . . . ,59ADVERTISING AT THE HEART'S EXPENSE . . John Brownsmith 64A SIXTEENTH CENTURY DESIGN FOR A THEATRE; J. S 66THE CENSOR AND POOR lAGO X. Y. Z. . . . ! . .67PICTURE BOOKS . . Felix Urban .... 69FIVE BOOKS . ' . . Yoo-No-Hoo 71" ONLY" A Note . . c. G. Smith 73A WARNING TO ARTISTS « Diddled " 74ON ACTORS ......... Edmund de Goncourt . . . .75STENDHAL IN MILANO, with a Note by . . . C. G. E. ..... 76LITERARY AMERICA NOTES ON OLD FLORENTINE THEATRES . . J. S. . . , . ! .86BOOK AND MAGAZINE REVIEWS. SHORT EXTRACTS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. THE OLD QUEEN'S THEATRE, LONDON . . . From a Photo . . Plate 6, Face 47A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE , . . Gordon Craig . w 7, n 58A DESIGN FOR A THEATRE . Giorgio Vasari il Giovane n 8, n 66MLLE GEORGES AS MEROPE ...... . . n 9, precede 67THE ROYAL COBOURG THEATRE, LONDON . " ]O, Face 74A PLAN OF FIRENZE, 1783. , . . • • Francesco Magnelli &amp;Cosimo Zocchi 11 11, n 86PALAZZO VOLKOFF, VENEZIA 49TWO SCENIC DIAGRAMS . . . . . . Paradossi 60, 62Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. THE OLD QUEEN'S THEATRE, LONG ACRE, LONDON.(For further description see Editorial Notes). THEATRE BOOKS1902-1927 J. S. COMPARED with the output of Books on the Theatre of twenty- five years ago the output today must be about eight or tentimes as great. We would even say it is more. We recallthe year 1902. We remember the kind of reply sent by Londonpublishers to authors who submitted books on the Theatre. "Mydear Sir " the publisher would write : " books on the Theatre are adrug in the market.So it is an encouraging sign to note how many are the volumespouring out of the English presses today.And not only are they many. They are good.We think there never was a period in the history of the EnglishStage when so many valuable books appeared.The public mind has been awakened to the fact that there aremany things worth while about the stage.Once upon a time, twenty-five years ago for example, this pub- lic believed that the only books dealing with the theatre which couldbe of any interest were volumes of reminiscences by popular actors3r actresses.Those who have helped to dispel this illusion in the public mindlave helped to do a very good thing. And the London publisherslave been foremost in helping.Besides English books, better French, Italian and German books have appeared, and we must certainly not forget to add much betterAmerican books.What we still need, however, is many more technical works. Notbooklets for amateurs alone, but serious works on the Architecture oftheatres, on Acting, on Scene-making, on Lighting devices and howto use them, on Making-up, and on cutting, sewing and generally pre- paring Costumes.These headings by no means exhaust the list: there are at leasttwenty more, and on each subject we need a careful useful work written.After that the energy given to book-making can cease and beturned into other channels, for by that time we shall have enough booksto help us in our efforts to write, act and produce plavs and operas JL J £ i Jand even comic opera. THE WHOLE IS GREATER THAN ITS PART BY GORDON CRAIG. PALAZZO VOLKOFF. VENEZIA, IN WHICH ELEONORA DUSE LIVED.The Palazzo Volkoff is the central Building. THAT slogan " The play's the thinghas been so misused these last tenor so years that we are all growing tiredof hearing it. The play is, of course,the thing —the whole heart of the playhouse.It did not need a row of frightenedplaywriters to make the truth clearer tous by repeating it over and over like alitany as though in doubt of it themselves.In saying " the play's the thing " wemean that no one person—no one limbof it—is more than an item of the whole.No playwright, no play-writer, no actor,no producer, no one person is or can bethe thing itself.In admitting this we accept the strangeand rather unpopular notion of the bles- sedness of the impersonal.It, the play, is more than he or shethe makers of it.— Good. Yet it is theplaywriters in our land who have beenclaiming recently that it is they who areabove all others in the theatre world.Mr. St. John Ervine is their electedspokesman!Let it be clearly stated once morethat no one is " above " or " beneathany other,—that all are a family. Thehead of that family is the man who is always at home. He rules by reason ofthat fact.Sometimes the head of the family isthe writer of the play : Moliere, forexample : sometimes not : for example,G. B. Shaw. Moliere lived the life ofthe Theatre morning, noon and night.Shaw pops in and pops out.Many a modern play-writer does that—but that does not exclude him from thefamily. He becomes one of the sons.Sometimes an actor lives his wholelife in the Theatre ; Irving for example:sometimes a stage manager does the Dukeof Meiningen and Reinhardt are apt exam- ples. Sometimes an actress—Sarah Bern- hardt.But, whoever is the head of this fa- mily, unless he think for all and allow allto shine to the best of their ability, hedoes badly for the Theatre as an insti- tution, and the birth of the so-calledof the Theatre is delayed.I use the word Art as we have cometo use it when writing or speaking ofMusic and Architecture and in no othersense. This Art of the Theatre is notyet born, say what we will: but thatneed not dispirit us. We shall get to itin time, but only if we remember that theplay is the thing—it, not ourselves.Two books, one on Signora Duse andone on the Commedia dell'Arte, havereached me which illustrate all this.They arrived on the same day, bythe same post, and, dealing as they dowith the same subject, the stage, are utterlyat loggerheads one with the other.The writers are Mr. Arthur Symons O and M. Constantin Miclachevsky 19, andeach has done his work as well as itcould possibly be done.The first has to deal with an imoos- * xsible person, the second with a practicalgroup of persons.In calling Signora Duse an impossibleperson I mean no more than this : that,not being one who realized that a headof a family was necessary to every thea- trical group, and cut adrift of the family,she becomes impossible. Her powers wereimmense : her vision startling and herthoughts noble :—but she played this oldgame of the Theatre according to herown erratic rules (for what reason I cannothere enquire into) and so she is to becounted amongst those who delayed thebirth of the Art of the Theatre.In calling the actors of the Commediadell'Arte a practical group of persons 1mean more than that but 1 mean that firstof all.They had among them men andwomen of genius as great as that possessedby Signora Duse, Madame Bernhardt, Sal- vini and Irving, Lemaitre and Chaplin ;but they had a still greater thing, and thiswas the power to recognize that this geniusof theirs was but an item of the whole;and it was this which constituted theirstrength and which today places themabove all other actors of any age.If Duse and Bernhardt were superbbouquets of flowers, these actors of theCommedia dell'Arte were a whole garden—not revolting against the gardener; growingon all the time, flowering each season, evergrander outbursts with every blossoming,and the roots are still inAsk Mr. Symons to write of theCommedia dell'Arte and put Mr Micla- chevsky to the other task and Mr. Sy- mons' book would become very soberindeed and Mr. Miclachevsky's wouldnever be written.For there is only one way to writeabout Duse and that is to make a franticattempt to catch her moods one after theother and allow these to rule our pens.if we have never spoken to her thereis perhaps a chance that we shall writefairly well : if we have spoken to her thegame is up. We are her slaves.It was part and parcel of her careerto act as beautifully off the stage as onit : no actress was ever more sincere onand off the stage :—it was this amazingsincerity which convinced. Her sincerityshe offered at the altar of the God ofconfusion.On the stage she thought sheMagda " and she thought sheCleopatra ". Off the stage she thoughtshe was some one who was happier thananyone else, sadder than anyone else,funnier than anyone else and more sinceretoo. Off the stage she thought that hergenius for acting alone could save thestage : that or dying. It never occurredto her that discipline and taking her placeand giving an example in how to obeyorders would have done more than allelse to help the stage.We who write of her want to agreewith her. You who read may have yourdoubts. When 1 read what others writeof her I have all your doubts. Theyrise all the time as I read these pages byMr. Symons.He seems to me to be attempting toexcite himself and to excite me about thisperformer. What I should have preferredwould have been a report. Mr. Symonsasserts in the first three lines of his bookthat she is 44 the greatest of living actresses "and this is not precise, for the actressdied in 1924 and the book is dated 1926. Besides this, nothing is said whichconvinces us that she really was the grea- test Italian actress of her time : if you andI happen to know this was so, all theluckier ; we shall be glad to hear it re- peated. But others will not be convinced.And it then occurs to me how excel- lent was the method of Mr. Austin Bre- reton the biographer of Henry Irving:his method certainly convinced one.This, as some of you know, is whathe did. He reprinted nearly all that hadbeen written by the critics of the timeof each of Irving's performances.You may say it bores you to readwhat Mr. Clement Scott, Mr. JosephKnight, Mr. William Archer and Mr.Clarence Newton wrote about Irving'sRichelieu, Vicar of Wakefield, Mephisto- pheles and the rest: I can only tell youthis ; that after sixty or seventy pages yousee the Lyceum Theatre, you see theCritics, you see the audience, you seeIrving, and you see the relationship ofactor and audience and critic. This ba- lanced cool report awakens the imagina- tion.But some day we shall have a bookwhich gives us Duse's record and givesit correctly, and it should be very inte- resting.But even then it will be but a dis- jointed item of the History of the Thea- tre—and that is the immense pity of it.The story of the Lyceum Theatrewill be more : but far more still is thestory of the Commedia dell'Arte, for itis the record of a theatrical age from 1 500to 1 800, the age of the great companiesof actors when the play, the actors' play,Was the thing ; and when, however greatthe actor might be, he took his place andfound at his side fellow actors of a likestature.If you know a serious fine actor of today you will know how he longs to findfellows of his own stature. It is all rub- bish, this cry that good actors are jealousof other good actors ; it is only the notquite well-baked actors who feel like that.The serious actor of today is at heartexactly like his ancestor of two hundredor three hundred years ago : he wants torestore the play to its rightful place andobserves with not a little sorrow that it isnearly always the pushful play writer whowill get in the way. We hear aboutG. B. B. or J. M. S. today, not ofhis play : the papers teem with his pu- blicity which he could quite well avoidif he wished to, —if he too really felt asall the good actors feel, that " the playis the thingHad Signora Duse lived at the meet- ing of the 16th and 17 th centuries shewould have become a member of one ofthe great companies or families which makeup the still greater race of theatrical peo- ple and she would, one supposes, havebeen happier.These companies could often boastthree performers of superlative merit, -sometimes more ; besides these three, therewould be six or seven first-class perfor- mers. Students who know The Maskfrom its commencement in 1908 will re- member the series of articles and transla- tions which appeared in 1910-1911, andsince then, on the Commedia dell'Arte.Previous to 1910 there had appeared inEnglish a few interesting chapters aboutthis Commedia in books, notably VernonLee's chapter in 1881, John AddingtonSymonds's in 1890, Mr. Broadbent's" History of Pantomime " 1901, and pos- sibly best of all the section by KarlMantzius the Danish actor in his secondvolume of his " History of Theatrical Art".The Englishman, who naturally prefersto read books in his own language, has not to be left uninformed in regard tothese wonderful teams of play-actors whichappeared in Italy and which spread allover Europe, even as far north as Englandand Russia and down south west intoPortugal.Never too often can it be repeatedthat the Commedia dell Arte means pre- cisely " Professional Comedy ". JohnAddington Symonds points out that " thefull title would be Commedia dell'Arteall'lmproviso " and that it is " also calledCommedia a soggetto, Commedia nonscritta and Commedia improvisaFor this work of improvising first-classdramas, tragic, comic and farcical, actorsof genius were demanded—and, as shouldbe the case in response to all sound de- mands, were supplied.In our time (and it is as rich as anyothers) a certain poverty or pretendedpoverty in the spirit of the theatrical pub- blics of Italy, France and England, hasbred the natural response from the actors."You don't want that?—good then, mum'sthe w0rd...." and the actors go to sleep.For what is the use in attempting toforce a public to accept what it hasn'tthe spirit to ask for.1 have never had any doubts whateverthat companies of " professional actors "could be formed all over Europe todaywho could improvise plays in a first-classmanner : but something is against it. Thewriters, (this has been long pointed outin The Mask) if they are not against it,are more in favour of supplying the textof the plays for the best actors—and theactors, if a little weary, are also unwillingto offend the writers :—" it's easier as itis " seems to be the notion. A poor one,but after all it probably pays, and thatis important with the life still so short andthe craft still so devilish long to learn....I mean, to learn properly. And so in these last two centuries theactors have slowly lost that strong familysense, and, instead of a group of tenplayers all as strong as one another, al- ways playing together, and all obedient tothe capo comico or head, we have newcompanies being formed once a month,and in each one star actor or actress intheir midst, these drifting first to one thea- tre, then another ; breaking up, being lost.All is shapeless and unclear to thepublic.Ten actors united always, all up tothe mark—one for all, all for one, ....that s what the Public wants and the Stageneeds. But we don't get that: —we get' all for self, none for all '.Not that the profession is not still afamily in its way : but it has lost its oldhook °f the rules by which every familyhas to abide if it will live.Admitting that Eleonora Duse wasequal in skill to one of the old familygroup of ten, where were the other nine ?The nine were there ; no one notedthem ; that is all. They were more orless expensive rubbish.Could Eleonora Duse improvise? could she perform without any writtenday ? She didn't, but probably she couldlave done so, if only in that she was anItalian 0).But let us not delude ourselves thatthe mere fact of being in a group andabiding by nine out of the twelve rulesof the family is enough, or the companyof the Moscow Art Theatre, which is agroup and abides by the nine rules, woulddo as I say : and there are a few othercompanies who are always united, andthese too could do this. They don't, forthey shirk the last three rules—and if they prefer to be interpreters that is theiraffair.But this book by M. Constantin Mi- clachevsky shows us once again that whatthe actors of today prefer to do is thelesser thing, in fact is the least an actorcan do. For his book retells the won- ders of the old school—a school never togrow old yet often so dubbed by theyounger stage men and women of theday who have no intention of making thesupreme effort.I shall return to this book anothertime : it is not one to be reviewed in ahurry. .But this I can state without he- sitation ; that it is better illustrated thanany book of its kind except perhaps thatof Luigi Rasi fb—and only perhaps: forthis work contains that astonishing seriesof drawings from the Bibiioteca Corsini inRoma, which we in Western Europe havenot been able to see till now, unless weby chance have visited the Library : itcontains a number of the plates from thatrare book on the dance by G. Lambranzi :some original drawings by Tiepolo fromthe Collection V. Rosenthal and RichardOwen: some twenty other unpublisheddesigns : and, to cap everything bless meif we are given an Index.I shall make an Index at once, forwithout it 1 shall be unable to see whetherany of the great family has been ignored :and if one is passed over then the housecomes rattling down ; for this was a truefamily, and this family made the first andlast true drama and theatre in Europe ; adrama for the people —for the aristocratsand the crowd, not for the intellectuals :it appealed with a directness which elec- trified : it came to Hecuba at once. Itwas brilliant without being original : itsurprised without going off the ordinary lines : it shook the audiences out of them- selves ; it swept through Europe; nevermeddled in politics ; and in its prime itgave birth to Moliere.Assuredly the play was and still isthe thing.—When are we to have thePlay again ? (1) Eleonora Duse, by Arthur Symons. Elkin MatthewsLtd. Price 12/6. (I) La Commedia dell'Arte, by Constant Mic. Chez.J. Schiffrin. Aux Editions de la Pieiade. 75 Francs. (I) As a matter of fact the knack of improvisationis universal : Englishmen have it as well as Italians. (I) I Conuci Italian!. 3 Volumes. THE PART IS LESS THAN THE WHOLE.TWO BEERBOHM TREE STORIES. ONCE upon a time, a then budding, and now a fully- grown young star actress, was engaged by ManagerTree, who really did a great deal to advance her on herstage career. Soon, however, the young novice began totell Tree that she and her parents (whom we all love andhonour) insisted on her being billed in larger type thanshe was getting. Nay, more, the radiantly beautiful girlclaimed that she was to be given the 44 and M which isso coveted by professionals when their names are adver- tised. 44 I want said she, 44 to be announced thus, 4 SirHerbert Tree and Miss (So and So) " Yes, my dearchild retorted the Chief, 44 but why * and * ? Why not•but V?".From Page 142 u Cues and Curtain Calls" by Carados,Avery Cockney, not to say illiterate but certainly cle- ver, low comedian whom Tree had thought of en- gaging, said to him 44 But, look 4 ere, guv'nor, yer know44 I shall expect you to bill the 4 and * before my naime! "44 Alas !my dear friend replied Tree, 44 how can Ido so? You know it is 4 hard to give tie 'and wherethe Art can never be ! ".From page 142*3 " Cues and Curtain Calls " by Carados. AN ITALIAN BALLET.SHAKESPEARE, OR A MIDSUMMERNIGHT ' S DREAM TRANSLATED FROM THE ITALIAN OF GIOVANNI CASATI. THE MASK presents to its readers an old but originalBallet in four parts, entitled :SHAKESPEAREOR: A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAMby Giovanni Casati, translated, presumably for the first time,into the English language.This Ballet, or Ballo as such things are called in Ita- lian, was performed in the spring of 1855 at the inaugu- ration of the Teatro Paganini in Genova, on April 9th.i hirty performances of it were given, which is, forthe place and time, a fairly long run.The cast is given below. To this we can add thenames of the Stage manager, Giuseppe Righetti, Conductor,Nicolo Uccelli: Prompter, Pietro Giannetti, Scene painters,Carlo Fontana, Costantino Dentone and Antonio Leonardi:the Figurista, Cav. Giuseppe Isola : the Machinists, Novaro,Ansaldi and Daguino: the attrezzista Rollero : the headtailors, Cavvera, B.emi and Poggi: the Berettonaro, Bremi.and lastly the wigmaker, Carlo Piazza.This Antonio Leonardi went later to America wherehe took up his abode. Whether he painted scenes thereI cannot say. Mr. Hornblow does not mention him inhis two volume " History of the Theatre in AmericaDentone was living in 1875 in Via Baibi, Genova.This Teatro Paganini was built in 1853-55 from de- signs by the architect engineer Tommaso Carpineti, thefirst stone being laid on June 28th, 1853,The Platea measures 16 metres 70 centimetres by 18metres 20 centimetres. It has five circles of boxes and aLoggione or Gallery, and every circle contains twenty-nineboxes.Together with the theatre were built two cafes and abilliard room ; a large vestibule and a Ridotto in line withthe fourth circle.It was originally illuminated by gas and had a magni- ficent Lustre with seventy-six jets suspended over theplatea.It was named after Nicolo Paganini the violinist, bornin Genova in 1788, dying at Nice in 1840.It is one of the finest theatres of Genova which citycan boast better iheatres than it can theatre-goer 3. I derived the subject of this Ballet, not from Shakes- peare's drama "A Midsummer s Night's Dream " butfrom an Opera Comique (0 by Messers Rosier and De Leu- ven, which bears the same name.I ask indulgence that it Was an inevitable necessityfor me to give somewhat in detail the present pro- gramme. G. Casati. CHARACTERS. ACTORS in 1855.WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE Lodovico MonianiELIZABETH OF ENGLAND Carolina BagnoU-MeritMISS OLIVIA, court lady Antonietta KurzFALSTAFF, keeper of theroyal park of Richmond Antonio CoppiniLORD LATIMER Pompeo MeritJEREMIAH, host Vassallo PietroTOM, his son Virgilio CaloriNELLY, his niece Carolina Mengoli- MassiniSailors Tavern men-servants and maid- servants Masquer aders Actors Ac- tresses Cavaliers Boatmen LadiesCourtiers Gamekeepers, etc.The scene is laid in England. Sixteenthcentury.The music of this Ballet is expresslycomposed by the Maestro Paolo PART ONE. THE Mermaid Inn—-common room ; at the back adoor opening on to the Thames —ln the centre theentrance door; to the right another door, which leadsinto a cabinet; tables, benches, etc. To the sides theportraits of Elizabeth and of Shakespeare - At thebacks a raised gallery where a most sumptuous table isspread.MANY sailors are grouped at various ta- bles eating, gaming and drinking Enter Shakespease, also in a sailor's costume,and exchanges handshakes and greetings withthe jovial party, improvising some interestinglittle tales.The pretty waiting maids of the tavernmove about the room, intent on replenishing,so soon as empty, the glasses of their guests,who, a little heated by the frequent libations,would like to recompense them with kissesand jests, which they provoke and repulse atone and the same time with feminine co- quet try—Shakespeare certainly does not showhimself the least enterprising of the company,nor the graceful Nelly the least roguish andlively of her companions.Jealousy of Tom, her fiance, which in- creases the good humour of the great poet. Shakespeare promposes a toast in honourof queen Elizabeth. All accept with enthus- iasm—Tom alone refuses with a gesture ofcontempt, at which Shakespeare, offended,challenges him, after a sharp interchange ofwords, to a boxing match.This is accepted by the other, who isonly too eager to find vent for his ill temperbut who is beaten after a short encounter.In the mean time there enter the tavernthrongs of maskers decked out in various andbizarre fashions, returning from a wonderfulfete given in honour of Elizabeth, and makea great deal of noise and riotous fun.Jeremiah, the host, invites the masquera- ders to give their orders and to use despatchbecause his tavern is engaged for a selectgathering of artists and gentlemen who aregiving a great supper there to the luminaryof England, to William Shakespeare.At these words the poet recalls to mindan invitation which he had forgotten, ascer- tains that the meeting place is fixed in thattavern, and hastens off to don his owncostume.The masqueraders, hurried off by Jeremiah,go out after him—Enter Falstaff, who, ashead of the banquet, wishes to see, to tasteand to approve the preparations and theselected wines, repeating then the order al- ready given.After this accurate and conscieacious exa- mination he ascends into the banquetting gal- lery accompanied by all the heads-of-staffof friend Jeremiah.Lightnings, peals of thunder, torrents ofrain—Enter, by the common door, Elizabethand Olivia, the latter in prey to intense agi- tation while Elizabeth on the contrary laughsat her fears.The Queen, wishing to be present inincognito at the fete which her good peopleof London were giving in her honour, hadrepaired to it masked, with her faithful Oli- via and two gentlemen of the court; fromthence she passed on to the theatre wherethere was being performed " Macbeth " byShakespeare, of whose genius she is a warmadmirer ; but on leaving there, separated fromtheir cavaliers, followed by some drunkensailors, overtaken by the storm, they wereforced to shelter in that tavern.Elizabeth, to reassure her trembling com- panion, shows her a parchment which she always carries with her, in which the highSheriff orders every citizen of London tolend assistance and valid aid to the presentorof it; but, the storm being over, Olivia im- plores her not to linger any longer, confessingthat, more than anything else, she fears thejealousy of her noble cavalier, Lord Latimer,who is waiting that evening at the court circlewhere she has to return him the bunch offlowers which he presents to her every mor- ning, receiving it back in the evening ; ....abunch which she wears at her girdle.The two women turn to go out—but inthat moment Falstaff enters. On seeing himthey hastily replace their masks—Olivia's ter- ror increases lest Falstaff recognize her ; Eli- zabeth laughs and communicates her plansto her.Falstaff is the general keeper of theRoyal Park of Richmond the key of whichhe always carries with him—he must thusreconduct the Queen to her own Palace with- out recognizing her.Falstaff, seeing two women, sets himselfto play the fascinator and to act the lover—and invites them into Richmond Park, thekey of which he offers to them—the twowomen accept and ask his arm; but as theyare about to go out lively music is heard....It is the guests who are arriving.Falstaff hides the two women in the ca- binet, promising to come and fetch them fromthere so soon as it shall be certain that hiscompanions, all occupied with wine andgaiety, are not noticing him.Into the Sala come the guests, Actors,Actresses, Dancers, Gentlemen ; among themShakespeare and Latimer:—Jeremiah and Tomannounce that the repast is served:—the latteris embarrassed on recognizing in the greatpoet the sailor with the strong fist.The guests all ascend to the upper floorsave Lord Latimer, who remains wrapped inhis thoughts, and Shakespeare who questionshim on the cause of his melancholy—Lati-mer confides to him that he loves and is jea- lous.—Shakespeare laughs at both the loveand jealousy, calls all women fickle, and in- vites him to drown his sorrow in wine—Latimer refuses—Shakespeare, called by hisfriends, mounts to the upper floor where thegaiety is already at its height.A little before this Falstaff will have en- tered and will have hidden himself in one of the adjoining rooms—When Shakespearehas gone out he believes that there is nolonger anyone in the ground-floor room, and,without seeing Latimer, hastens to liberatethe two women.Olivia, on perceiving her lover, utters acry and throws down a little bunch of flowersFalstaff, believing it is a gift intended forhim, picks it up with transport and lays itaway against his heart—Olivia staggers andfalls back on a chair—All surround her—Latimer is seized by a suspicion which hesoon drives away.At that moment Shakespeare enters, halfdrunk, following Nelly. He sees the twomasks and wishes at all costs to present themto his friends—Falstaff replies that those twoladies were about to withdraw in his com- pany—Shakespeare retorts that no one shouldgo out from there that night.Elizabeth with the imperious gesture ofthe Queen orders him to clear the way forher—Shakespeare in reply locks the door,removes the key, and, drawing his sword,declares himself ready to oppose the exitwith force ; he then enjoins upon Falstaff toreturn to the banquet: on Nelly to conductOlivia to her rooms as she stands in need ofher assistance: on Elizabeth to remain therewith him.All obey. Latimer goes out with Fals- taff—The Queen casts a menacing glance onthe audacious fellow who dares to impose hiswill upon her, but, seeing the alteration of hislineaments, feels in her heart a profound com- passion for that genius which is so miserablybeing lost unless a friendly and protectivehand succeed in saying it—and remains withhim almost to carry out a project of herown.Shakespeare, left alone with her, imploresher to remove the mask—but in vain.She reproves him for so degrading thegenius bestowed upon him by God talks tohim of the future, of glory, of the theatre, ofart.—But Shakespeare replies that, betrayedby love, by glory, by art, he neither believesnor hopes any longer save in one sole com- fort, ...in the bottle which he clasps tightly andfrom which he gulps down large draughts.Elizabeth orders him to leave her—Shakes-peare promises on condition that she re- move her mask —The Queen refuses—andthe great poet, whose reason is clouded by the fumes of wine, staggers, sways, and fallsdrunk upon a chair.Elizabeth, having removed her mask, con- templates him with a sense of noble andgenerous pity—and decides to save him fromthe abyss into which he is about to fall.—But on hearing people coming she replacesthe mask and withdraws into the room on theleft after having taken the key from him.The guests rush in, all somewhat excitedby wine, following Jeremiah who does notwant to serve them any more to drink—Fal-staff is the rowdiest of them all.—In the meantime the watch is heard ap- proaching—General confusion. Elizabeth takesadvantage of it to place unseen a parchmenton the hilt of Falstaff's sword—then she retiresrapidly and unobserved with Olivia.Jeremiah implores his guests not to exposehim to the rigours of the law by remaininglonger, and notifies them of the approach ofthe watch—" What do you fear? exclaimsFalstaff ....here am I and my sword " ; but, instriking on the cross-piece, he finds the parch- ment, reads it, and is struck dumb.—It or- ders him in the Queen's name, under pain ofdeath, to transport Shakespeare instantly intothe royal park of Richmond.— The guests inthe meantime have all withdrawn.He, having called four of his men, has- tens to execute the orders received—whilethe four men lift Shakespeare up the scenechanges. PART TWO. The Royal Park °f Richmond—In the background theThames—to the left a Gothic Pavilion with a door towhich one ascends by a few steps. Moonlight night.THE four men transport Shakespeare, andlay him down in the open air; they thenretire.—The royal gamekeepers assemble therefrom their nightly round—Falstaff arrives, stilldisturbed by the emotions of the night. Ha- ving gathered the gamekeepers around him hegives them strict orders—no one is to ap- proach the royal park that night: he is answer- able for it with his own head.So saying, he turns his head and seesLatimer before him—Terror of Falstaff whoimplores him to go away, informing him of the orders he has received and the terribleresponsability which weighs upon him.But Latimer, in prey to his jealous sus- picions, wishes to ascertain whether they aretrue ; thus he promises him to retire on con- dition that he tells him who were the twomasked women of the tavern.Falstaff, to whom it seems, too good tobe true to free himself from so great a dangerso cheaply, confesses with a mysterious airthat they were his lady loves—and to con- vince him more firmly shows him the bunchof flowers. Latimer recognizes it; and, be- side himself with rage, snatches it out of hishand and draws his sword; " sayshe, since thou art my rival thou must fightwith me ".Falstaff, in whom courage is not the prin- cipal virtue, not knowing how to get himselfout of the difficulty, confides to Latimer thatthe women were not at the tavern for him,but rather .... For whom ? cries the young lordfuriously .... Falstaff, hard driven, rolls his eyes,around, pale with terror, sees Shakespearewho is sleeping, and pointing him out to La- timer,—For him .... he exclaims.Latimer is about to throw himself uponthe sleeper when the Queen appears uponthe threshold of the pavilion, followed byOlivia, both dressed in white and coveredwith white veils.Falstaff sees her, restrains Latimer, anddrags him away almost by force—The game- keepers disperse.—Elizabeth communicates toher friend the plans laid so as to succeed inher generous intention.A sweet and mysterious melody awakenslittle by little the drowsy poet—He looksaround as though bemused, seeking to recon- nect his own recollections, and sees the parkpeopled with white and airy apparitions whichsport and frisk before him.Elizabeth from the highest step of thepavilion controls with the sound of the harpthe movements of those apparitions.Then, turning to Shakespeare, it seemsthat she says " I am thy genius which speaksto thee yet once again before abandoning thee—Let the man with his frailties and his vicesdisappear, and let the poet be born afresh ".Then the apparitions, ever obedient tothe signs of the Queen, present before hiseyes some pictures from his most celebratedtragic poems—Romeo and Juliet—Othello— and Macbeth—which ends by exalting hismind and his heart.Then he, kneeling before Elizabeth, saysto her—Oh thou who hast restored to mestrength, genius, hope, courage com- plete thy work,! unveil to me thy features andreawaken me also to 10ve....—and besidehimself with emotion he is about to raise herveil, when the Queen, repulsing him, exclaims" Back! wretched man, someone approaches ".Latimer in fact is approaching—but Oliviathrusts herself between Shakespeare and Eli- zabeth, who retires hastily—Shakespeare doesnot perceive the change, and repeats to thewoman who was standing before him ardentprotestations of love. Latimer, furious, rushesupon her, tears off her veil, and, recognizingOlivia, overwhelms Shakespeare with reproa- ches, challenges him to a duel, and forceshim to defend himself.Falstaff rushes up with the gamekeepers—Olivia goes in search of the Queen, whoalone can avert a disaster.The two adversaries contend in spite ofthe opposition of Falstaff, who reminds themthat it is a crime punishable with death tofight a duel in a royal park—Shakespearepresses hard on Latimer who falls back betweenthe wings.—Falstaff and the gamekeepersthereupon rush up.From the other side comes the Queen.—Shakespeare, who believes he has killed hisfriend, reappears greatly agitated, encountersthe Queen, recognises her, and turns and ru- shes rapidly away like a madman.General tableau. THIRD PART. Reception hall in the Palace of Whitehall. Entrancesto right and left.THE Queen and Olivia, ignorant of theresult of the duel, because the Queen sawonly the flight of Shakespeare and is comple- tely oblivious of what may have happened toLatimer, await with great impatience the ar- rival of Falstaff, whom the Queen has hadsummoned.Enter the intrepid guard, still bearing thetraces of the terrible proofs to which hiscourage has been put. The Queen ordershim to give her an account of what tookplace the preceding night in the royal parkof Richmond. Falstaff, who fears for his life if the Quen (who he believes to be ignorantof everything) should come to know that thepark was invaded despite her orders and thata duel was fought in it, declares that, thanksto his active surveillance, nothing unusual tookplace. But the Queen makes him swear uponhis life what he asserts, and threatens to pu- nish him severely if he should have lied.At such words, Falstaff, trembling fromhead to foot, throws himself at her feet con- fessing everything ; but he reassures her re- garding the life of Latimer, relating how theyoung Lord, who was believed to be severelywounded, had but tripped and fallen on thegrass.—Joy of Olivia and of the Queen atthis news.Elizabeth accords her favour to Falstaff oncondition that he will always and to everyonemaintain that nothing took place that night inthe royal park of Richmond and that he didnot see there either Shakespeare or Latimer,or the Queen, or Olivia.Falstaff, bewildered between fear andsurprise, repeats mechanically the words ofElizabeth ; his amazement increases on findingin his hat the key which he had given to thetwo masqueraders and which the Queen placedthere without his being aware of it.In the meantime Elizabeth seats herselfat the table, and writes a note in which sheexplains everything to Lord Latimer, reas- sures him as to the love and fidelity of Olivia,and recalls him to court, enjoining upon himabsolute silence respecting all that took place.The note has hardly been despatchedwhen an usher announces William Shake- speare. He is introduced.The Queen thanks him for the prompti- tude with which he responded to her invita- tion to present himself at the Palace. wish- ed, she continues, to tafie odvantage of asolemn fete, which gathers around me all thatthere is of noble and eminent in the threeKingdoms, to receive at court, and see for thefirst time, the great poet who does honour toEngland.Shakespeare is amazed by such wordsand humbly reminds Elizabeth of the visionsof Richmond park and of her generous coun- sels. The Queen replies that certainly hisimagination caused him to take a dream forreality. Shakespeare insists, and cites twowitnesses, Miss Olivia and Falstaff.• Both of them reply with a decisive nega- tive to all his agitated demands. Shakespearethen throws himself at the feet of the Queenand says to her—Even Were all a dreamthere is one fact which is, alas, real.—I haveslain Latimer.Latimer at that moment appears on thethreshold ; Elizabeth points him out to Shakes- peare, who, in despair, fears for his ownreason, and ....since, he exclaims, whichconsoled my life is but a dream ..../ renouncelife.The Queen then draws him aside and,... No, says she, you have not dreamed, livefor England ....and for me.She then calls Latimer and Olivia to her,unites their hands, and presents to the brideand bridegroom a rich casket; presenting ano- ther, no less rich, to Shakespeare. He opensit and discovers a wreath of laurel."Oh I lam not worthy, exclaims thegreat poet in confusion, going down on oneknee ; " Yes, you are, responds the Queen,it fell from your head, I replace it and fas- ten it there. From this moment you will al- ways find in your Queen a protectress.... ."And nothing m0re...." asks Shakespearewith emotion. " And a friend in "replies the Queen in a low voice ; and inthus saying she encircles his brow with therich crown, and orders that the day be cele- brated in which the Queen of England, inthe name of the country, thanks Shakespearefor his works.From within is heard the music of thefestival. Elizabeth, taking Shakespeare bythe hand, introduces him into the Great BallRoom PART FOUR where the supreme poet is feted and ap- plauded by all. THE END (l) First performed in Paris April 20 1850. A DESIGN FOR A ST AGE SCENE.By Gordon Craig. Plate 7. SOME SCENIC DIRECTIONS USUALLY KNOWN AS PARADOSSO.TRANSLATED FROM THE ITALIAN. BY GIULIO TROILI DA SPINLAMBERTO GIULIO TROILI da Spinlamberto ( theMarchese Amico Ricci for some reasonconverts into di Spilimberto) called Paradosso,was born in Firenze (?) in 1613 and died inBologna (?) in 1685.He was architect and scenographer. Hepainted in the Teatro Farnese in Parma where,between 1680 and 1708, Ferdinando Bibienasaw his work.His famous book (a folio) " Paradossiper praticare la prospettiva senza saperla"Was published in 1683 by in Bolo- gna, hut seems to have been finished by TroiliorT February 24th 1672, for his Dedicationin the first edition (1683) is so dated.We have the authority of Zanotti (1139)that in those days it was considered by theartists to be '[a very useful book "• ft /sillustrated with bold woodcuts, two of whichare reproduced here.These illustrate the two short chapters (Nos.XVIII and XIX) dealing with the Theatre;chapters which, since they exercised an influenceupon Ferdinando Bibiena, may not be entirelywithout value for us: for, even though theartists of some lands today think fit to racealong in competition with the motor car trade,some there are who prefer to go more slowlyknowing what they know&gt; HOW TO RAISE A SCENIC STAGE, WITHTHE POSITIONS OF THE TELARI. AS a rule we Painters find the Platform orFlooring of the Stage with its slopeready made, and with the positions for thetelari already indicated.From what I have observed in the Thea- tres of Parma, of Modena, of Ferrara, andhere in Bologna, I find that the height of thefront of the Stage is more than that of ahuman figure, being about five feet; and itsheight at the back measures the ninth partof its whole depth from front to back. When,however, the front of the stage is less than five feet in height, practical experience teachesus that the tenth or eleventh or twelfth partof the distance from front to back 15 sufficientfor the height at the back.Having, therefore, a floor space equal toABCD, fig. I, the breadth of which is 70feet, and the length, or rather depth, 45 feet,mark the two points E and F to indicate thewidest space between those two lines uponwhich the Telari(l), on which the scenes aredepicted, are to terminate. The space be- tween the one point and the other is 30 feet,and the space between G and H is 10 feet.The two lines EH, GF are to mark theterminal lines of the Telari, be they setslanting or not slanting.As regards the relative distance of thesetwo lines from each other at the back, thereis no other rule save that of the gratificationof the eye for attaining the effect of greatdistance which is given in these days to stagescenes.If one wishes to work according to rule,and not haphazard, one must prolong thesetwo lines EH and FG until they meet toform the angle O, which serves as the apexof the Pyramid, and the vanishing point where- in all the horizontal lines of the scene inconstruction tend to meet.All this has to be worked out on paperwhen, owing to the impediment of the backwall BC, one cannot put it into execution inthe Theatre itself.Through the point O must be drawn thehorizontal line OZ.Then let the terminal point N be set atsuch distance from the front of the stage asseems best, so that N is distant 40 feetfrom X, and so that the whole distance from Nto O may be 100 feet, which distance shouldalso be marked off on the horizontal line OZat the point where there is a star. Although the present diagram I does notallow of this measurement being shown, itcan be better seen in figure 2 where the twolines OZ and FL meet. Thus,f from the9 point N which represents the eye, to the point O, the distance is 100 feet; and the distance is the same from O to R, where the star is placed. Therefore, to find the positions for theTelari in regular order, one acts by the or- dinary rule, making the diagonal lines convergeto the vanishing point, thus representing a Sala with its Ceiling, a Loggia with Columns, aGallery with Pilasters, and other proportionedobjects in such wise that the more remoteparts shall appear smaller than the nearer ones. If, for instance, you desire a Loggia whichis wider than it is long, as, for example,30 feet wide and 15 long, let X be drawnto the vanishing point, cutting the line EOin the point i; then draw a line from F tocut it in point 2, and so on with the others.Point 2 will give you the position for markingoff a square.Having found the terminal points for theTelari by means of the regular process, andhaving set them up perpendicularly upon thestage, either parallel to the front line of thestage, or set obliquely in relation to this, itis certain that those portions of the scenewhich must recede in perspective must con- verge to a point determined by rule and notby chance.Let this point of convergence be, forexample, the point O.From this point draw a thread, passingthrough the middle of the stage and across it,as does OX in fig. 2 ; and let this, beingprolonged, touch the floor of the auditoriumat the point T; as does OP, in the sideview of the stage. And although reasonwould demand that this line NO should beactually horizontal, as OM is seen to be, itis customary, (since at present the stages areso long that such a line would reach to toohigh a point in the auditorium, ....at times ashigh as 10 feet and even more as is seenfrom P to M), to take, from the point P, theordinary height of a man, as indicated inpoint N, and draw from it a thread, such asis indicated in ON; which thread then servesto find every foreshortening, all such beingobtained by means of another thread whichshould have at its end a ring that slides alongthe said thread ON.Having now found the vanishing point O,and the Star for the point of distance, andthe Terminal points of the Telari such as1, 2, 3, 4, and the thread ON for the ho- rizontal line, the whole process, performed bythis present ordinary rule, may be comparedwith the rule given for cutting the Pyramid.For example; in the sideview given infig. 2 let the line marked 10, 20, 30, 40be considered the section of the floor of theauditorium, extending a distance of 40 feetfrom the stage line F. And let the line FY,5 feet higher, marked 15, 30, 45, and 60,be parallel to the line of the floor P.This serves to show the slope of the stage, which, at point V will be 5 feet high,since its height must measure the ninth partof the stage's depth.If, from the point marked 15, we drawa line straight towards the line M, it willcut the line PO in the front at the exactpoint of the first Telaro, so that this firstTelaro will be set 15 feet from the front ofthe stage, just as in the first figure.The same result is obtained by drawinga line from the point 30 to the point M,since this will give the position of the twosecond Telari or apparenza, distant 30 feetfrom the front of the Stage, just as it provedto be in the ordinary method of workingshown in the first figure ; so that, by usingthe ordinary rule, one can produce the effectof scenes seen in Perspective upon flat sur- faces, and upon obliquely set Telari, with thegreatest facility, and does not work blindlyand on haphazard lines. TO FACILITATE THE SCENIC PRACTICE. TO facilitate the regular working out of thescenes one proceeds in two different ways.By the first, one has to find the heights of theTelari when these are already set in theirplaces; by the second, having the Telariwhen they are not yet set up in their places,the work is very convenient.One takes, with all exactitude, all themeasurements upon the two lines EO, FOso as to know the positions of the Telari1,2,3, 4, etc. One then takes the distancefrom each of these points to the line IKwhich marks the middle of the stage.Then let there be drawn the profile ofthe stage MN, in such a manner that thelines of the Telari reach as far as this saidprofile, which is very helpful for finding theheight of each Telaro.Supposing that on the first Telaro QRthere is the semblance or design of a Column,Base, Capital, Pedestal, Architrave, Freize orCornice, and we draw lines from all theseparts to the vanishing point O, we shall haveevery proportion in the other Telari also, asis seen by the line marked with a star and O.The Horizon line LS will be markedout, according to the method set forth on thepreceding page. Its height ML, in the frontof the Stage, is of a just stature of five feetor a little less. We have, in the last page, the wholebreadth of the stage as 30 feet and the halfof it as 15 feet.If we measure the ground line AI of the first Telaro A, it will be, for example, 13 feet;the second, B, II and a half feet; and thethird C, 10 feet, and so on with the others.Thus our measure of the steps or feet will« A serve for the first Telaro Q, showing that thehalf of the breadth of the pavement A is13 feet; but for the second Telaro one mustdivide the line of II and a half feet into 13 parts, and calculate each part as one foot,but smaller than the first: so likewise mustone divide into 13 parts the width of 10 feet,to make use of these in the third Telaro; and in this manner there must be as manylittle measurements as there are Telari.One can, however, mark upon a pieceof wood four measurements of different length.Having thus the design of the first Te- laro, with the measurements of the numberof feet for the heights, one should thencarry to a convenient place the first two Te- lari, as one sees YZ in the small diagram P,so that they may be set up adjoining eachother, when we want to achieve in one thesame effect as in the other. Because thisprocess renders it very convenient to drawthe lines parallel to the front of the Stage.Let the horizontal line TV be drawn,conformable to the height required; that is,on the first Telaro it will be, for example,about 4 feet and a half; in the second Te- laro 4 feet, in the third 3 feet and a half,and so on with the others.The point T, where all the lines mustconverge, is distant 13 feet from the cut ofthe Telaro, as the point V should also be.These points will serve as well as if oneshould make use of the thread, as indicatedabove, for the Horizontal line.Wishing to find the just gradient, set thepoint of distance as far back as is the dis- tance of, the first Telari or the line on which'Jit- they are set, from the point of sight N, asis seen in the preceding page, and do thesame with every other Telaro. But let thedistances be increasingly great in proportionas the Telari are increasingly distant fromthe said front line. Here, then, it is neces- sary to make use of the adjusted paces (1), soarranging that the same number of feet mea- sured by the Column on the first Telaro willalso be allotted to the Column of the secondand the third Telari, and so on.In carrying the Telari subsequently totheir places, their gradient will be allowedfor, together with the gradients upon the Te- lari themselves, which in some cases close inthe great size of the Stage and are knownas first, and second, Orizonti. (Horizons).The better to understand what has beensaid let us study figure 2. in which we havemany details, such as the Plan, and variousraised sections, as for example the first Ho- rizon MNPL : the thread CO, or rather thehorizontal line, gives us the point of conver- gence R, for the points to be worked out inthe first Horizon; and so with the others.This thread CO is that upon which thering runs, with the moveable thread, for find- ing the graded measurements both in thoseTelari which are set aslant, and in thosewhich are parallel to the front of the Stage.For those which are aslant, one takes theheight where the ground lines S, i. S, 2.S, 3 terminate above the horizontal line C, O.If one wishes to represent upon the slan- ting Telari lines which are parallel to thefront of the Stage, let there be attachedto the two sides of the Telari which standforward from the Orizonte a thread AB, pa- rallel to the front of the Stage. Then extendthe horizontal line C, O towards the Audi- torium until it reaches the point N, as on thepreceding page. When the distance limit hasbeen found in point N, take a thread whichreaches as far as the Telari AB. Let thisthread be AZ, which will terminate in the pointV, grazing, however, the thread AB, which willgive us, on the Telaro, the line AV, whichWill appear to be parallel to the front of theStage. And prolonging the said line AV,as in VT, it will terminate above the Hori- zontal line, which must traverse the Telari,as is seen in the small inset diagram abovein P; and one takes this as the accidentalpoint, to which all the parallels are drawn.One can, it is true, work by proportions,without adopting the thread each time, once onehas found one above and one below of thesaid lines, so as to give due proportion toall that is represented on the first Telaro. Ifit happen that the Telari are already set upin use, one will take the measurements of thefirst Telaro, ....that is, the Pedestal, Base, Co- lumn, Capital and Cornice, and then, from eachof these divisions, draw lines to the point of sightO when there is no impediment; and these willgive us all the proportions for the other Telari.As for the more minute measurements, letthe measurements of the first Telaro be takenseparately, as is shown in the small diagramABCD. These measurements are taken uponthe line AB. Then take a point haphazard,such as O, to which all the points will bedrawn with threads, since these will give thesame measurements proportionately for thesecond Telaro EF, and for the third GH,and so with all the others when these areset within the two lines. (i) A Telaro or Telaio means any framework upon whichcanvas can be stretched. It is here used to indicate the wingsor the side pieces of scenery, and the original Italian termhas been retained. Translator. (i) i. e. the artificial divisions of space which, by a con- vention, are taken as representing feet. ADVERTISING AT THEHEART'S EXPENSE. John Brownsmith. WHAT MR. RICHARD CAPELL WROTE IN ALONDON DAILY. AND WHY HE WROTE IT THE Romantic Lovers are passing.Let everyone pop out his head fromhis window to have a look. It will not bea last look for 1 am sure that the lovers willbe returning down the street tomorrow. Ac- cording to Mr. Richard Capell(I) the romanticlover is passing away—and so, says MrCapell, romantic music is off. That is ano- ther and a funnier thing; for, believe me, neverso long as humanity lasts will the romanticlover go—except to reappear, nor romanticmusic die—sufficiently for our peace.What Mr. Richard Capell is driving atis that Lord Berners is coming up.Lord Berners is a kind of funny-man—helaughs, and by laughing wants to make youlaugh—but it is not to be done.Lord Berners is skittish—was skittish whenlast I heard him twiddling on the piano. As1 listened I thought to myself, from what anocean of Romanticism this little fount springs.In what untold noble sacrifices and othersweetnesses this stuff and nonsense has itsroots. But I shuddered a little to think of itall. Why is it, why is it, asks Mr. RichardCapell, leaning forward, so earnestly—" whyis it when a modern composer like—(a cough)like Lord Berners (who has written themusic for the new piece to be done by theRussian ballet at the London Lyceum)—whyis it that, when he sets Heine to music, hefeels bound to interpret " Du bist wie eineBlume " as having been addressed to a whitesucking-pig, with answering grunts in thebass? " And he goes on to say that " mu- sical criticism, unaided, cannot answer " andsuggests that the scientist can.But why disturb the scientist always aboutthese simple little matters. Lord Bernersseizes on an old, and to him comically exqui- site verse by Heine because presumably hecannot get anything as good from, let us say,the Sitwells. Then Lord Berners starts think- ing of sucking pig because he is too sen- sitive. The harsh realities of life he refusesto experience—he will not grunt and sweatunder a weary life—he will only note downthe grunts of his clique. But he is not hap- pily placed to hear proper grunts; no liveLord is. That may come later; perhaps: Lordknows. Meantime where can one best ima- gine pigs grunting ?—in clover? what stuff—what nonsense .... no, in Heine—in the per- fection of song. The true modern, if lord- like, musician, can catch all the grunts inHeine, all the squeaks in Burns, and everysqueal in Shakespeare.Come away, come away, death ".Well, let us not touch on that lest no pighowl.Monteverdi alone is modern enough to seta tune to such rum stuff as Shakespeare wroteand both of them dead these three hundredyears.Poor Lord Berners—he is not really mo- dern. You know—he knows—we know.Can he, for example, even attain to the ad- vanced modernism of Monteverdi ?... ask mu- sicians.So Mr. Capell, as gallant as a musicalcritic can be, would draw a cloak over theshoulders of Lord Berners to protect him fromthe storm. Instead of saying what he can do,he will say what he cannot do. Lord Ber- ners cannot be romantic; sentiment is thelast thing Lord Berners ever sinks t0....anyhow.Personally I do not believe it. I am prettysure that Lord Berners, if he continues towrite music, will one day rise to the romanticheights of Handel and Purcell, even if theMonteverdian peaks prove too high forhim.But should Lord Berners not do this, some- body else will; some writer of music un- known even to Mr. Richard Capell and toyou and to me. For what do any of us knowabout this supposed disappearance of romanticlovers, really. What can we safely say aboutscience and its power to change lovers. Be- cause the twopenny ha'penny Press veers withthe wind its Press men are too apt to supposeall else to be equally variable. But it is notso:—Lovers never change. I saw two ofthese only yesterday standing at the corner ofa big wall, aged eighteen and twenty-two.They may, of course, have been filled to thebrim with the furies of the intellect: they may have learnt the lesson how to make love scien- tifically, at university, at home; but so faras I could see they were only making lovewith the eyes. There again I may be in error.Their eyes may not have been made of thesame stuff that the eyes of the last eight mil- lion years have been made of. They mayhave been made of glass or of ivory andpulled by little strings inserted by the phy- sician in their youth. But I was totally de- ceived. I took them to be those ancienteyes of a young man and a young woman,and certainly one pair of eyes was saying"Du bist wie eine Blume *\ And I heardno grunts, I saw no sucking-pig.Perhaps these two delicacies are only tobe found in the most aristocratic circles. Mytwo young people were merely a young and a young gentleman, and they were stan- ding in the foyer of a Theatre.Mr. Capell says that somebody the otherday said: Our young people make love self- consciously, knowing that they are merely inthe grip of an agelong biological forceI would only correct one word of this.I would change the word " people " to" fools for while there are a million youngpeople who will make love as it has beenmade for untold centuries, there must alwaysbe a handful of people eager to help thetrashy modern journalist out of his difficulty,and who will make love for him a lamode. It is the latest thing to pretend tobe making love as though in the grip ofan agelong biological force. It is nothingelse but one of those silly pretences whicha very few awkward if pretty people arepretending. But it doth seem a little bit ofa nuisance that this sort of a pretence, thisparticular silliness, should be so often madeso much of by able writers like Mr. Capell,and spread far and wide through immensejournals like the Million Mail. For, on rea- ding this article, there is no doubt whateverbut that another five hundred stupid youngwomen will test this latest mode, love biolo- gical, and that will cause everyone who testsit a lot of pain. And ten thousand youngmen will be puzzled, troubled, and ten thou- sand contradictions may take place. For girlsare silly things and think that the latest littlething would be rather fun to try, and so theytry it on with their young men, and the resultis catastrophic. WHY MR. RICHARD CAPELL WROTE IN Ao LONDON DAILY. O AND why this long article by Mr. Capellabout romantic love passing and abouta new kind of love coming ? why all thesehints towards a new mode, why all this talkof Schumann, Goethe, Heine, Stravinski, thesucking pig and the rest. Is it so as to saysomething to young people ? Is it in orderto explain something serious about music ?What was the reason ? It was unfortunatelyonly as an advertisement. An advertisementfor the Russian ballet and for Lord Berners'music, and just the insidious kind of adver- tisement the Soviet loves. Well, advertise- ment is a very good thing, but if advertise- ment is going to kill the affection between ahundred young people while it cackles onabout what it does not know and about whatit has not even the right to mention, thensuch advertisement is to be damned over and over again.I wish all the healthy young people ofEngland would have a rag with modern jour- nalism, when it uses as advertisements thethemes which are the private property of youngmen and women. I like all that Mr. Capell writes, of course,but I do wish that the young people wouldrag him to death this time and point out thatin his article on the passing of Romantic lovehe is, without suspecting it, serving the bestinterest of the worst elements of tenth-ratejournalism. They must bring him to life again after- ward, for after all where should we all bewithout our Richard Capell. (l) See an article by Mr Capell entitled " Romantic Lo- vers Passing " published in the " Daily Mail " November 2.1926. A SIXTEENTH CENTURYDESIGN FOR A THEATRE. J. S. THE Design by Giorgio Vasari il Giovane (l)which we reproduce, forms one of a seriesof drawings, all on uniform sheets, drawn inblack and coloured inks, each sheet measuringabout 38 centimetres high by 27 centimetreswide.The series, which is preserved among theFlorentine archives, is entitled: " Citta ideale |del Cat?6 Giorgio Vasari | int)enta e disegnataI'anno 1598 that is : " Ideal City, of Ca- valiere Giorgio Vasari, conceived and drawnin the year 1598".The set of sixty-four drawings, on loosesheets, is enclosed in a portfolio with text ina fine accurate writing, commencing with adedicatory letter "Al Sermo Ferdinando Me- dici Gran Daca di Toscana " and dated "Firenze il di pmo (2) di marzo 1598 " andsigned by his " Humiliss'"0 e Devotissmo serooil cat?6 Giorgio Vasari".In this dedicatory letter Vasari remindsthe Duke of encouragement already receivedwhen he presented to him the work of hisuncle Giorgio Vasari ; and explains thathe now ventures to lay before him " -sente libro di piante, insieme con qualche pro- filo, le quali dimostrano parte per parte tuttequelle cose, che sono necessarie farsi in unabella e bene ordinata Citta ": which, beingtranslated, runs : " the present book of plans,together with some side-views, which showpart by part all those things which it is ne- cessary to construct in a beautiful and well- ordered city ".The designs include a cathedral, royalpalace, churches, palaces for nobles and forpublic offices : public edifices of all kinds,such as a port, a market, a mint, a munici- pality, school, library, granary, arsenal, prison,hospital; together with houses for more mo- dest citizens, and monasteries, baths, bridges,gardens, and all the other features of civic life.There is also a long address " A benignied amorevoli letlori ", ....to the benignant andloving readers, ....which may mean that the work was intended for publication, thoughwe have not come across a copy.The text which Vasari adds to his designfor the Theatre runs, translated into English,as follows :" Now, to imitate in some degree the" ancients, who always had in their cities" some special place where spectacles of va- " rious kinds were performed. Thus we find" that not only Roma had its theatres, of" which noble remains may still be seen, but" that also in Verona, Arezzo and other" places most noble buildings were constructed" for this purpose."For this reason we have made the pre- " sent plan of a great Saloon, or rather Stan- " zone, in which to recite comedies, tragedies" and other like things ; for jousts and similar" knightly tourneys can be performed upon" the piazzas and in the wide streets."We have designed two stairways so" that the men can mount and descend with- " out impeding the women; and, so as not"to cause confusion, gradi(l) have been con- " structed around for them also." A capacious space has been left for the" stage, so that many persons may be able" at the same time to assemble in front of it," and that behind there may be room for the" actors; and that there may also be conve- " nient space for the many musicians who are" very often required.The following references are added to" the letters on the Plan." A. Stanzone ; (2) B. Gradi, (3); C. En- " trance. D. Double stairways. E. Stairs"up to the stage. F. Place for the actors."G. Rooms behind the scene ".It is interesting to compare this plan withPlate 15 in Mr. Gordon Craig's last book, " Books and Theatres ". (1) Giorgio Vasari il giovane was the nephew of GiorgioVasari who wrote the Lives of the Painters.(2) The first of March. *(3) Giorgio Vasari, author of the 44 Lives of the Pain- ters, etc. was born in 1511 and died in 1574. His nephew,the designer of these plates, was still living in 1619. (1) Steps or " gradinati " for the spectators to sit upon.(2) Auditorium or floor space of the great saloon.(3) See under Note i. PLAN FOR A THEATRE.Designed by Giorgio Vasari il Giovane 1598. Plate 8. CARICATURE BRA WIJVG OF MLLE. GEORGES IN THE ROLEOF "MEROPE" Plate 9. Alfred Edward Chalon (zySo-1860) made this drawing in pen and water-colour of Mile.Georges and David in 1820: it is now in the Victoria and Albert Museum, London.Mr. Martin Hardie, the keeper of drawings and prints, has kindly allowed us permission toreproduce it. In 1820 Mile. George was thirty four years of age. The design is inscribed'' Mile Georges et David " and " La Mere-ope et sons fils David, 1820 Presumably somefun is intended in the three words La Mere-ope — 14 Merope but where the joke liesis not evident to us. THE CENSOR ANDPOOR IAGO. X. Y. Z. ** We've just come from the country, Mr. Maynard,We've just come from the North And we d lifee a nice engagement, Mr. Maynard,For the purchasing of beans and broth THIS song was written by neither Comstocknor Shaw. I am not certain about thelast line of the ditty. It was to purchasesomething which rhymed with North notFame, nor the Keys of Heaven, nor a motor- car for the wife; nothing at all expensive, itwas something quite necessary.They who sang this song were two bro- thers, I forget their name ; and I forget whe- ther they got their engagement but this is howthey set about it. Mr. Maynard was anagent, and the two brothers, serious actors, Ibelieve, before going in to see him entwinedtheir arms in the old orthodox pas-de-deuxfashion, had the door flung open, and entereddancing, and singing this preposterous ditty,convinced that this sort of thing would wakeup the bored Mr. Maynard to some sort ofaction. It was an actor, 1 believe Mr. CooperCliffe, who told us the story one evening in1896 in a dressing room on the 3rd floor atthe Old Lyceum.I remember the tune. Since that evening1 have, I know not how many times, foundmyself singing it—always in the most seriousmoments always wondering what Mr. May- nard's face was like, and always convincedof the sound common sense of the two bro- thers who still compel my admiration.Yes " we want a nice engagement, Mr.Maynard".... Now, Messrs. Comstock andShaw remind me just a little of these two.They too wanted nice engagements, but ne- ver were they half so engaging as the twobrothers. Those inhuman actors evidentlyloved their foolery better than their salary,and I think it is about time (and quite theright period) to put up a statue to them,arms entwined, smiling debonaire in the 2ndposition, and on the base of the statue thesewords TO TWO UNKNOWN ACTORSWHO WANTEDA NICE ENGAGEMENT.Mr. Comstock and Mr. Shaw neverwanted an engagement for long. Although the mask is in the end mightier than the pen,the pen in the hands of a good Puritan cando far more mischief. Not that Comstockand Shaw wanted to do that: their aim wasalways to do good. Blushing being, gene- rally, excluded from their programme, they setabout winning fame openly. The one attackedthe wicked actors, the other went for thewicked playwrights.They were alike in one particular.Both loved the Censor.It seems to us a strange thing to be ableto say that Shaw could tolerate the Censor,but it is clear that, had he lived in the ageof Congreve and Wycherley, he himself wouldhave become the Censor.Living and writing his plays in our day,however, he fell foul of the Censor. TheCensor was a man of the world and Shawa reformer of it. Naturally reformers haveto be censored more carefully than any othermore ordinary men. In correcting the vicesof the age, the reformers are apt to forgetthe first thing in any programme of reform—themselves. There Mr. Comstock and Mr.Shaw were altruists: in all else egoists.Like Falstaff they would banish all theworld but not plump Jack.It seems to us a strange thing to be ableto picture Comstock and Shaw as a coupleof fat knights; but I take it Comstock is likethe old Fellow gone thin, and Shaw, as canbe seen any day from that immortal drawingof him made by Mr. Lowe, (!) is, roundthe eyes, the mouth, and nose, all Falstaff.But Falstaff with a purpose. lago posing asFalstaff.Not that Shaw would " stab men in thedark": he would be more likely to drop apurse of ducats in their pocket and then shoutfor the B3 Branch of the Society for carryingdrunken men to Hospital, tip them well, andgo home and write an article attacking thatSociety as incompetent and venial.What I mean is that Shaw puts on theFalstaffian way to hide the awful direness ofhis purpose. The tragedy of lago is that lagofelt too keenly, and could not write lettersto the Cyprus Daily Chronicle.... was alwaysboasting of more than he dared do and sowas obliged to do whatever he daren't do,in the dark. * *Othello being dark and noble in a brutalway, lago, emulating him, hoped that, bygetting into the dark, he too might suddenlycarry on in a noble brutal way.Shaw has the double appearance of lagoand Falstaff: so much so that some yearsago, on reading lago when preparing theplay of Othello for the stage, 1 noted downthat honest lago was to look like Shaw: thepink skin was to be seen through the ratherreddish beard: the assumed jollity was to beobviously assumed; he was to be an uncom- fortable man of limited intelligence going atfull steam ahead all the time. He was tobe looked up at by all the supers, the sol- diers, the servants; nobodies like Rodrigowere to take him for somebody and showit plainly. Only were Othello, Desdemona,Cassio, Brabantio, to be almost unaware of hispresence.... only were Othello and Cassioto be aware of it as they became nobodies.Emilia was to know him and to give himaway to us from the very first.And he was to smile on and on withhis teeth showing, and he was to strut withthe nape of his neck much in evidence,upright;—big boots, nothing comely at hiswrists or neck,.,. Jaeger, I thought: he wasto have a voice which suggested a man suf- fering from some physical pain which hejauntily pooh poohed. There was,—and Ican't make this out at all—there was to bea touch of Bram Stoker about him. AllIrishmen are not alike, but I suppose therewas something akin between Stoker and Shaw.I think it was the cheery Irish voice, andsomehow, in both, it seemed a little forced,that cheeriness.I am wondering, can Comstock be Irish?I doubt it; yet it is possible : possible toothat his voice is a forced one, his whole at- titude put on ....more than likely he loveshis Congreve dearly and regrets that Wy- cherley is so seldom staged even by amateursocieties.Shaw and Comstock are not really Fal- staffian, not real lagos at a11.... not even realCromwells in mufti. They are the leaders inthe Censor business because they are the twomost awkward men of the age. They werestanding in the crowd and got shoved forwardto the head of the procession in this Masqueof Awkwardness which was produced by theold Furitanical tidal wave of cold water which nowadays is not asked to come along withits ancient tidal force and fuss because, now- adays, we all have our own baths and usethem regularly.Discovering themselves at the head of theProcession in this Masque of Awkwardness,Comstock and Shaw did their best, and itmust be admitted they excelled themselves.More than any other men on earth, Shawand Comstock have made it difficult for theCensor to retire. No sensible men or womenever before worried about the power of im- propriety, since impropriety is but the reverseof propriety and both are with us and willbe and have been, even as radishes andwatercress, cups and saucers, noughts andcrosses, have been with us. Some will usea radish who have no use for a cress; youdrink your tea out of a saucer, I may drinkmine out of a cup, others out of both.We are and always have been fools, andShaw and Comstock are no wiser than we,...we even consider them stupider. It is foolishof them, we think, to do as we don't. Ifthey attacked the Censor instead of the im- morality of plays, we should hate them be- cause we don't do so.We hate all that isn't just what we all love.Look at us when two young men or twoyoung women or a young man and a youngwoman become friends. We bristle;—why?Because we are fools, and folly has beenpopular and is made more and more popularcentury by century.We take no steps to make sound sensepopular. We kill artists; why?—becausewe are not artists. We hate lovers becausewe are out of love. We suspect good verseand prose because we cannot write it. Welook a new dress up and down, and sniffbecause we haven't bought it.We scream about plays in which nakedwomen appear because we are dressed up,and daren't undress: we fume —we flaunt and we flourish.One flourish begets another. Which ac- counts for many things which have flourished and still flourish in the Theatre, (i) Published a few mouths ago in 14 The New Statesman' PICTURE BOOKS. BY FELIX URBAN. (I) PICTURE books are so easily read, and Ifear this is the reason why I like them somuch. Here are five good ones.The first is a scholarly Picture book—forMr. Campbell Dodgson has important thingsto tell us about Albrecht Diirer (2) now thatAlbert Durer has gone to America.Diirer's etchings and woodcuts when col- lected together always make a fine Picture- book, even without any text; but the text tothis Catalogue raisonne by the Keeper ofPrints and Drawings of the British Museumis the last word on the subject—and the sub- ject is the metal plates.I, as a dramatic critic forced to sit outperformance after performance in the Theatreof my native town of Sheffield, often turn toDiirer as a relief, wearied to death by theungainly, inexpressive, fatuous and floppyattitudes taken by the actors who put on therobes of Thespis—Greek or Roman or Shakes- pearean :—who play in what (for some rea- son only known to our theatrical profession)are known by the name of " costume pieces " :bored when 1 see the same old gestures, theeternal three-quarter-front pose of Macduff ashe asks " Stands Scotland where it did ",his hand on hip passing anon to arms crossedon breast: grieved and wearied as 1 see himdoing just as every other Macduff has donefor the last forty years ; 1 then return homeand take from its shelf my Diirer picture bookand I realize how litile the actors of our landunderstand the practical use that these Picturebooks could be to them.It seems they cannot derive from the workof the masters. On the other hand they canderive from Theatrical prints, and thus " TheHistory of Harlequin " by Mr. Cyril W. Beau- mont (3) will be of more use to them than thebook on Diirer.Before I leave Diirer may 1 ask the scho- lars, the connoisseurs, and the other knowingmen of the Engraving world, how it is thatpublishers who are only too eager to issue monographs which shall sell as well as instruct,are year in and year out denied the chanceof issuing a book of the Etchings of JacquesCallot? Diirer, Mantegna, Pollaiuolo, Barbari,Campagnola, Altdorfer, Rembrandt, these arethe fellows about whom the art critics areeternally persuading publishers to issue onemore book.With all the greatest respect to the seven,I am heartily sick of them. I want Callot,and I know hundreds of others who wantCallot, and damme if anyone will give usCallot, and this the year 1927 and he buriedas long ago as 1635.Callot is every whit as great a masterof engraving as Diirer and about three timesas lively and eight times as delightful—and Irepeat this is the jolly year 1927.I appeal to Mr. Dodgson to do the rightthing and give us a complete illustrated mo- nograph-catalogue raisonne and all, with" every known work of the master illustrated "of Jacques Callot, Frenchman, 1593-1635.Such a picture book would do more torevive the art of engraving—to cheer thenation—to awaken the Theatrical profession—and to satisfy the public than all the mono- graphs on these other artists will do.If too busy to do the work himself Mr.Dodgson will be in touch with many an Ita- lian or French critic who knows his Callot;and out of these could select one to do thework—to introduce Callot as he deserves to beintroduced to our public; properly—completely.Mr. Beaumont has reintroduced Harlequinto us, and when he issues a cheaper editionon plain paper and with less swaggerness thePublic will come to know him.Mr. S. Sit well seems to have nothing todo, so why doesn't he become a publisherand issue these things for the Public? Al- ready he has the knack of writing prefaces ....asthis volume proves. THE SITWELL PRESS,....books at one shilling to five shillings no- thing more costly ....strikes me as quite a notion.Mr. Beaumont should not be allowed tospoil us : it must cost him a terrible amount,and he has something else to do.He loves these things and he gives hislife to them because of that,—an awful mis- take. The mistake—and let us make no mis- take here—is not; Mr. Beaumont's : it is ours :our fault and Mr. Sitwell's, and the fault ofall the other wealthy amateurs. We too easily take a seat in Beaumont's cosy corner,and are too blind to endeavour when wecome across it; take it to be a fad and Mr.Beaumont a dilettante.Mr. Beaumont's cosy corner is quite thecosiest I have ever sat in. Some of you maynot know it. It consists of one.big, dilapi- dated, but very comfortable arm chair. It isin the only corner in his otherwise draughtyshop in Charing Cross Road,«. No. 75, bythe way.The shop consists of two rooms packedfrom floor to shelf with books; —books alsofill up every available space, and it is withthe utmost difficulty you steer your way inand out of this storehouse.But, while I could linger for a long timedescribing the several peculiarities and plea- sant things in this workshop of this enthu- siast—a practical enthusiast, too—I must not bediverted by anything, for what I want to stresshere is the mistake of it all.Downstairs Mr. and Mrs. Beaumont printtheir books on their handpress, publish andsell them.Now the mistake we make is to be blindabout this same Beaumont press. What isit ? We guess and guess, and, not daring toask, we size it all up as follows :It is all a pose.Do not mistake my meaning, I beg ofyou. I mean that the appearance of beingfrightfully hard up is a pose : of being re- duced to two or three rooms, working moreor less unaided without capital.Either all this is a pose, or Mr. Beaumontis a very remarkable fellow, and the soonerwe one and all see to it that his work isbacked by some proper financial backing thebetter. Now Mr. Sitwell might rouse upand establish a place where all the booksthat we want and that no one will give uscan be planned out, set up, printed and bound.Why leave all the pluck or the pose, which- ever it is, to the Beaumonts—and all thetrue laurels. Why ? ....because it has neveroccurred to people who have nothing to dothat some people have too much to do, orthey'd never sit by and watch them trippinglike Harlequin along so erectly, so gallantly.Not that Mr. Beaumont strikes a spangledpicture. His is one of power. This I putto all young and fairly well-to-do young artconnoisseurs of the day. €J Some of the most entertaining and mostinteresting Modern Picture Books are issuedby " The Studio "." Posters and Publicity ", the Autumnnumber of the " Studio " for 1926, and" Art and Publicity ", the Autumn numberfor 1925, contain advertisers' designs fromFrance, Holland, Switzerland, Germany, Eng- land, Italy, and America There are abouta hundred of them reproduced in colour, andinnumerable quantities in black and white.I would sooner sit and look at these ad- vertisement designs than I would read mostnovels, or visit most cinemas or picture gal- leries. The experience is refreshing.Much of the English work is decidedlygood and will surprise and delight anyonewho cares to discover it for themselves.Some of Mr. D. Percy Bliss's woodcutsfor " The History of Rasselas "(2) are as goodas his best work, which is to my mind par- ticularly good ; but some are as bad as hisworst. Bliss is one of the lively Englishwood-cutters :—they are rare. When an Eng- lishman enters this field he very often feelsgrave and dignified, and so his work is aptto become rather dull. Not so Bliss. Blissis serious and so he is gay :—but he must notdo too much work. He had far better havedone four to six designs for this " Rasselas "instead of the dozens he has done ; and someof his full page plates are decidedly a failure:they are actually lifeless in parts, and that issomething I had thought impossible in Bliss.If a picture book has a lifeless spot in it,it wearies us far more surely than does a life- less piece of writing, for the attraction andrepulsion is far swifter to act upon us.—Likea light going out, a dull picture leaves onedesolate.By the way how packed with pictures isthat beautiful book by Miss Elinor Wylie," The Venetian Glass Nephew "(3&gt;. Whatpictures !—what a picture book ! ! I see thatHeinemann later brought out this book of hers.But how is it the scouts of the publishingworld in London are so sleepy that they didnot long ago spy these' exquisite works andtell their employers of them ?—So often twoor three years behind everyone else :—it istoo bad on our public. (1) Mr. Urban wrote in " The Mask Volume IV, onthe value to actors and workers in the Theatre of the studyof the Old Masters.(2) Albrecht Diirer by Campbell Dodgson.(3) Issued by Mr. Beaumont at 76 Charing Cross Road,price £ 2.2.0. (1) The Studio: 44 Leicester Square, London.(2) J M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price io/6 net.(3) Heinemann. Price 7/6. FIVE BOOKS. THEATRE ET MUSIQUE MODERNES EN CHINE THERE is this that can be said at once forthe Chinese Theatre, it photographsbadly.The Japanese stage poses better.I have visited neither Japan nor China so1 have seen no performances of either of thetwo stages. What I have read of the Japa- nese stage takes my fancy quickest. But thatagain is to say something in favour of theChinese.Their stage is less tidy and more Italian:1 suspect their taste to be not as faultless,not as immaculate, as the taste displayed inthe shop windows of London, Paris and Ber- lin ; certainly it is not comparable with thesame taste which the English hostess displaysin her drawingroom.So the first point is won by the Chinese.As for books on the Chinese Theatre,on the Japanese Theatre, and photographs,all these are very deceptive. In Ame- rica there is a theatrical photographer whocan make even a paper model for a scenelook like something built of stone in the openair. Altogether unreliable is a camera in thehands of the crafty. Its raison d'etre was tolay bare truth, whereas it is today in leaguewith those who wish to take in the public :it is no longer itself. I don't object, but ithas obviously capitulated.So the bad photos of this book by M.George de Morant delight me. I edge nearerto the study of the Chinese Theatre; 1 shiftfurther away from the Japanese stage, butwith a copy of the No plays in my pocket.And I shall return some day to write of deMorant's book if only to linger to write somepage or two on the first line of his secondchapter : " Tout acteur ou actrice, en Chine,doit jouer, chanter et danser... ".Didst thou hear that, dearly loved oldBritish actor ?... " must play, sing and dance " .... " every actor and actress must .... "inChina ".Sounds reasonable, does it not ? or is hardwork all High-brow nonsense? ...." doit jouer,chanter et danser " : .... Mon dieu ! aliensau Cafe de la Regence tout de suite! THE CHINESE THEATRE . WITH four coloured drawings (not prints,drawings on silk), by Chinese students,this rather costly, luxe book comes to tempt usand we all harrassed to death by foolishgoings on in Hankow or Canton or where not,over there in that same China, where, saysMr. Zucker sententiously, " the actor has athis command consummate skill to hold themirror up to life ; he is no less of an artistthan his occidental colleagueOne is tempted again; .... this time toclose the book as one murmurs " is that all? ":besides, it makes the " occidental colleague "look such a fool.Other books claim more for the Chinesestage than this one, and some day I hope topay longer and more serious attention to theseven or eight important books on EasternTheatricals than I have as yet had timeto d 0.... and even write one myself.These days one has time only to miss allwhich counts because we have to get alittle exercise so as to keep well, and thiswe get by jostling in the street. The moun- tains are too far off and the lanes too damp,and besides, even were they brought to ourdoors they would have to wait for the thingswhich don't count yet which have to be seento polished off and then the day is over. -So China can wait while her occidentalcolleague is being served first and worst. 1never understood how it is that the old paganChristian truth, " He that is first shall belast " is no longer listened to by those na- tions which pride themselves on their soundcommon sense, their foresight and their level- headedness.The " group of nations " I refer to is thatwhich is better known as the Empire of theNewspaper. For when no longer power ison the increase we may, 1 believe, say thereis a leakage somewhere, and then, sooner orlater, comes the panic; and if it take tenhours, ten years or a century to scuttle, allis one; "He that was first has become last and, to vary the second verse, "hethat was last and is now left will be damnedif he'll push LET'S GO TO THE MOVIES. YES, China can wait whereas Cinema can't:besides, who would keep Miss Iris Barrywaiting. She has something to say about" the paucity of dramatic invention of thefilm-makers ", the tag of " the false and sillyconvention " of the mid-Victorian period" that it paid to be good " " which of allthings is the most horrible " she adds.I wonder if the Cinema is losing moreground and more money than ever I suspec- ted : that horror about " pay " which horri- fies Miss Barry seems sincere enough.It reminds me of the kind of talk youngstudio people used to talk about thirty yearsago this little old-fashioned contempt forwhat pays, be it the good, the bad or theindifferent, is so like our attitude of thirtyyears ago, ie, in the Victorian era.Nowadays, as so many of Miss Iris Barry'swords show, we are indifferent or contemp- tuous to all powerful things and have becomeregular boomsters of all that is weak, all thatcannot wait.This is not what we can call " Christiandregs ". I suppose it cannot be that. Letme quote the whole passage from HammondChickling's famous book: " The vice of today that horrible" passion for display to cover emptiness." Kindness gone mad discernment with" mud in its eyes the brawny young woman" employed at £ 10 a week to boom the" weak, the paltry and the inane in terms" of the best and the strongest, what is this"do you think? You take it and her to be" vice personified you see in her a vampire,'* a horrible advanced something which" you cannot even find a name for, you" picture her and what she represents as" something new it and she are but Chris- " tian dregsNo, no, no, do not tell me that charmingMiss Iris Barry is that that she is merelya little sentimentalist who " won't cry": tellme that she is better than the snapshot makesout; that this twisted body with its distortedface on top grinning is not Iris Barryon board the ' Aquitania '; that this other snapshot, Miss Barry at the Ritz is a terriblelibel on her that she positively is a womanlike every other Miss or Mrs. and merelyfooling the camera, the films, and the menwho pay her to write them up. Let mebelieve that she is a typical girl of com- monsense, then I can count on getting onto the study of the Chinese theatre in abouttwo or three years. But if you tell me thatthis is Miss Iris Barry, this hurried snapshotof a real being, and that she is typical oftoday, and that this Cinema is the Cinema,then of course you are asking me to believemore than I will believe.Let us not go to these movies :—let usgo to the rival show. JULIA MARLOWE, HER LIFE AND ART. OR rather let us read about Miss Julia Mar- lowe and see what it was that led to theadmission of that swarth Childe, Prancing Nig- ger, into the Dark Tower.Miss Marlowe was and is a beautifulwoman and a beautiful actress. Would thatthis alone had been enough to save the wholestage of America from disaster. The taleshe tells shows that the actress believedit sufficient, and if there were five hundredmore such actresses something nearer achieve- ment would result.We should be in something like a posi- tion to advance rapidly, so that prancingnigger may take the floor, have its cake andwalk on it. It is taking thirty to forty years tomake us stir half an inch, but the enemy havethat advantage, .... we are being pushed back.It is because certain men and women likeJulia Marlowe realize this that they makesuch heroic single attacks all out of orderand all leading to nothing. Heroic and futile.What was to have been done in 1900still remains to be done. First united beliefand then a united agreement to advance onthe one and only right road and in order.All else is fantastic dream. Why has ittaken us twenty-seven years to see this ?From Duse to Miss Marlowe the wholeline was waving its arms beautifully, butquite ignorant of what the difficulties werewhich beset them, their lovely personalities,and their immense talents and the rest of us.They waved cried laughed, andwere swept away. The stage, battered, betrayed occasionallyby percentage hunters who are inside itswalls, still remained where it was ; and inthe Citadel are those who know what isneeded.When will the troops the artists these performers, wake up and learn disci- pline and fidelity to that citadel of the stage ?To an idea a cause, and be damnedto a little personality. Till they are readyto learn nothing can be done ; each " doitjouer chanter et danser " to begin withAt least fifteen years work if you beginat the age of five, and during that time perhapsthere are other things to learn, not so showy,but valuable to discipline. CONFESSIONS OF AN ACTOR. STILL, Jack Barrymore confessing is a delight;he has practically nothing to say; heis as good as gold. What a boy! sayingnothing perfectly; he can draw well too, andstage-manage and make a speech, and dolots of things. 1 don't know of any book byan actor that I like better, for I know noneso modest or told with greater sweetness. Theatre et Musique Modernes en Chine. G. Soulie deMorant. Librairie Paul Gauthner, Paris, Price Frs. 200./The Chinese Theatre by A. E. Zucker. Jarrolds.Let's go to the Pictures, by Iris Barry, Chatto &amp; Windus.Price 7/6.Julia Marlowe, Her Life and Art; D, Appleton &amp; Co.Price Dollars 5.00*Confessions of an Actor, by Jack Barrymore, RobertHoldep &amp; Co. Price 10/6 net. And now how about a little work or is it still tooearl y ? Yoo~ No~ I Joo, FROM A SENSIBLE LONDON JOURNAL. HILDA TREVELYAN THOMSON. I Soft as a gathered flower fallsWhen lightly thrown,So lies the hand of my dear loveWithin my own. II. As petals of the palest roseHer fingers white,The faint sweet fragrance of her palmIs love's delight. III. Life sleeping flowers, the fingers closeI k*ssed apart.. ... In that soft, secret hiding-placeIs hid my heart. IF Hilda Trevelyan Thomson had written of his hands,his palm, it would have been more ordinary, I admit;but it might have:first, had a very bad influence ;and secondly, done a lot of harm. "ONLY"A NOTE BY C. G. SMITH. A writer living in Pekin reports to an Ame- rican periodical that there is a remarka- ble Chinese actor called Mei-Lan-Fang(I)who performs, as did the Elizabethan, theprincipal female roles.He writes of this young actor that he" deserves all his fame ", and proceeds totells us something (by now quite familiar to us) ;i.e., that the conventions of the Chinese Thea- tre are much like the Elizabethan,—scenes,make-believe and all. "It is necessary onlyto walk about a little and to go out by theleft hand door und reappear immediatelyafterwards through the right hand door tomake it clear to the spectators that the sceneis changed ".Now linger a moment round that word' only \"It is necessary only to walk about alittle " etcetera. " Only i.e., that is all... no more than that, i.e., practically nothing.Now it is not possible to make a moremisleading suggestion to the western stagethan that this walking about a little is a merenothing, for it is acting.The westerner holds that acting endswhere the scenepainter, carpenter, and gene- ral effect maker are told to bustle; that if aproper scene is set up representing castle walls,or a room in a palace, an actor can then comeon and do the rest—it having been half donefor him before he enters. The westerner isa very easy-going pleasant creature to let theactor off so easily, and to be satisfied bysceneries and effects which belong by rightsto the Toy theatre or the Peepshow. Andthe western actor has been quick to avail himself to the full of the indulgence theplaygoer has shown him.And a fine state of things has beenbrought about by this all-round eye-winking.In Europe we hear so much too muchtoday about the poor actor who is sufferingunder the tyrannical usurpation of his stageby producer, scenic artist, light-effecter andthe rest. While listening to the outcry wewatch the actor silently protesting with aquiet shrug of the shoulders that he is nolonger allowed to be the king he once wasof his own boards. What does the gesturereally mean ?Does it mean that he wants to he masterof plays so as to cut them: of scenes to vul- garise them ; of lights to focus them on himself?If so, then all is still in the realms of hum- bug.Or is he perhaps truly grieved ? Doeshe really want to do the whole trick unaided ?To come on to a bare platform and showthat he can positively make us feel that heis in a forest or before castle walls; that heis the hero coming back disguised as a shep- herd ; that this is the threshold of his oldhouse, and that that is a dog which is boundingtowards him and now fawning and lickinghis face and leaping up and throwing himback. Does he really want to do the wholething, to be the real actor ?If so, away with all scenes, remove thelime lights and silence the effects. Leteveryone stand back, clear the stage; getout of the playhouse, and let the actor comeonce more to his own for he has at last cometo his senses.Let him but show us that he is able todo this—to act a scene into existence, andwill not Appia, will not Roerich, will notStern and the shade of Bakst rejoice, and gointo the stalls and forget all their old non- sense and enjoy the immense spectacle—theactor alive again ?But the truth is he is more or less deadand it's because of this and for no otherreason (and let there be no mistake aboutthis) that the theatre has had recourse to sce- neries and lightings and to producers—tostage-managers—to every possible means bywhich the actor can be propped up.And it's been a difficult enough businessthese last hundred years or so getting allthat bric-a-brac into shape; to make some- thing in some way approaching distinctionout of the cardboard and the papier mache.It has been very difficult indeed, andthe man for whom it has been done, theactor who would shirk half his task, he isthe very one to complain—perhaps it was tobe expected.These artists who came to his help, wholiterally propped him up with their sceneriesand trappings, are now told they are usur- pers.Let these artists but leave him, and un- propped he will fall to the ground ; for hehas no longer the knowledge of what it meansto act. Perhaps the Chinese stage can instructand convince him where he lacks knowledgeand faith. Who is there who will not beready to welcome the true actors the daythey appear strong at all points.BUT to think that reporters visiting the East,should write back to the West and tellus that it is " only necessary to walk abouta little to make it clear to the spectators thatthe scene is changed ". . . . only! (i) Mri-Ran-Fan according to Miss Zoe Kincaid (Kabuki:Macmillan), A WARNING TO ARTISTS. A Dishonest Agent. DIDDLED. NOT one who swindles you out of £ 100,—that is buta peccadillo and perhaps the result of sheer stupidityor poverty. I forgive him.The kind of agent I call dishonest is the man ofsome education who comes to you with the proposal cf agentleman saying he would like to arrange somethingto forward your work in Europe or America; and who,when you give him the permission to try, returns homeand, on the strength of his visit to you, establishes rela- tions with hundreds of wealthy or influential people hewould never have come to know unless he v/ent to themunder cover of your name, and yet does nothing for you.Achieves nothing,A year or so later you learn that, through his comingin touch with these wealthy and influential people, he hasbegun to do something not for you but for himself. Youmake enquiries and you find out that what he is doing isin a Theatrical line, and more or less on the lines youhad sketched out: he has begun at the point at which youtold him lie could open negotiations on your behalf, he issupported by the men he went to in your name.I have known several such men.One was a Dutchman, the others were Americans.Their act can not be called a peccadillo : it is a delibe- rated swindle. I do not forgive them. THE ROYAL COBOURG THEATRE, LAMBETH.As first opened, May 11th 1818.From an Engraving by Stow of the drawing by Schnebbelie, R. R.For further description see Editorial Notes. Plate 10. ON ACTORS. BY EDMUND DE GONCOURT THE GONCOURT BROTHERS CALL IN AUGUST 1865ON THE ACTOR M. BRESSANT WHO IS TO PLAYIN THEIR PIECE " HENRIETTE MARSHAL 1865. August 28. No. 30 Rue duPetit Pare, Avenue de l'lmperatrice. Is M.Bressant&lt;2) at home ? We were ushered by aservant into a room full of paintings by Bonvinand Wattier, &amp;c., including a large darkportrait of Bressant, representing the actor inhis young days, a picture in which the gloo- miness of the tints and the fatalistic expressionof countenance suggests the sinister apparitionof a Hamlet such as Scribe might have de- picted...." Bressant came in and began by refusingto play the role. He said that all the otherparts are superb, relegating the one we of- fered him to quite a secondary position; hepleaded the fact that he had not acted forsome time, and that he wished to createsomething.... Then as we rose to leave, andexpressed our regret, he exclaimed that hewould like to oblige us, admitted the possi- bility of his having glanced through the partsomewhat superficially, promised to re-readit, and see whether anything could be done !" I begin to realise that actors are actorsin home life. It is their custom to begin witha refusal, they like to be pressed, and toappear to reconsider their decision. I feel asif I were on the threshold of diplomatic So- ciety, where the part of the actor is to hidethe desire he feels to undertake a certain role,and whose histrionic powers are brought intoplay for that object, and strengthened by thefear lest the part should be offered to another." We next call at No. 32 Rue du PetitPare on Delaunay (3). Thierry(4) told us thatin his case everything was settled, so the objectof our visit was merely to thank him for ha- ving undertaken the role." His house presented quite a differentaspect; the rooms were small, the furniturecovered with damask, the pictures dealt withsacred subjects, the ' Madonna della Sedi \ and Napoleon the First, some photographs,amongst which was one of Delaunay hangingopposite to that of a lady." Through the window-curtains could beseen a little green arboured garden, such asone would expect to belong to the house ofa suburban wine merchant. Delaunay ap- peared in an elegant silk shirt." When we expressed our first words ofthanks he affected surprise, and said he reallyquite failed to understand what this was allabout, that Thierry had never mentioned thematter to him—that he had quite understoodfrom his colleagues that a jeune premier hadbeen engaged for the part! When we urgedthe importance of the role, he replied that onreading the piece he was so much occupiedwith the whole that he had paid but slightattention to this role, and that it was impos- sible for him to play the part of a boy of se- venteen. We found ourselves obliged to askhim to reconsider his decision ; he was finallykind enough to say he would think the matterover. We then retired full of bewilderment,and feeling that we did not understand thesituation.We were struck with the ugliness ofthese men, eternally condemned to play thepart of lovers before the footlights. Theirhair is already grey, and their features seemto be destoried by dint of Theatrical poses...." At four o'clock we went to Thierry, inorder to give him an account of our visits toBressant and Delaunay. He manifested, onhearing of what took place, great indignation;his voice, usually so unctuous trembled withanger. " What! do you mean to tell me thatDelaunay said —but I had arranged his holiday,so as to have him back in the middle of Sep- tember on purpose, Mark you this, nothing inthe theatrical world is ever real. The attemptto deceive is itself false! " (1) From l&lt; The Journal of Edmund and Jules de Gon- court: English translation 1895. Volume 2. page 29-31,(2) J. B. Prosper Bressant was born in 1815 and died in 1886.(3) Louis Arsene Delaunay was born in 1826 and died in 1903.(4) Edouard Thierry : born 1813, died 1894 : Director of theTheatre Francais 1859-71. STENDHAL IN MILANO.TRANSLATED INTO GERMAN BY JOHANNWOLFGANG VON GOETHE ANDINTO ENGLISH BY A. D. COLERIDGE. WITH A NOTE ON CRITICS BY C. G. E. THEY are now reviving an opera of Mayers Elena which Was played before La Testa di Bronzo:what languishing music ! the transports at the Sestett inthe seevnd Act! thai is the musique de nocturne, gentle,melting, the true music of melancholy, which I have sooften heard in Bohemia. This is a bit of genius, whichthe Veteran Mayer has kepi from early days, or else,somebody gave it to him ; it supported the entire Opera.There's a people for you ! Why they are born for thebeautiful! An Opera, two hours in duration, is sustainedby one delicious movement, which lasts hardly six mi- nutes : people come fifty miles to hear this Sestett, sung byMademoiselle Fabre, Remorini, Bassi, Bonoldi, &amp;, endthrough the forty performances, six minutes make themforget the (wo hours of ennui.There is nothing shocking in the rest of the Opera, hutthere is simply nothing at all.From a letter to Zelter from Goethe, March 8. 1818. ONE does not always realize that old Goethewas still young enough in 1818 at theage of sixty-nine to appreciate some of the newwriters then appearing.And he hasn't forgotten das land wherethe orange trees grow, and where theaudiences in the theatres have that rarestsense,—common sense.But then what critics they have alwayshad, these Italians: no gush about " the witand grace and charm and intelligence and in- comparable beauty of Miss Nobody, by whichI mean there is nothing to compare it withunless it be the Tudor Elegance of Holbein'sportraits or some wide-eyed Japanese andso on and so on, etc. etc.And that's the 1926 and 1927 Londonstyle.—Enough to damn any profession in tenSundays,...and yet the writer of such bana- lities is often held to be "a great dramaticcritic ".London would do well to get rid of suchcritics; they talk at the actors and talk suchsloppy stuff: never brace them, always butterthem, and seem terrified to death lest theyshall fail to satisfy their passion for praise.The Italian critic refuses to allow his per- sonal feelings to reach out in this objectio- nable English way to the young ladies onthe stages: careful of their epithets, thesecritics are wise enough to censure what is unfit rather than yearn around searching for bits ofsentimentality with which to pelt the readerwho wasn't there to judge for himself. LITERARY AMERICA THE following extract of a whole slice from a recentnumber of " The American Mercury " (j) is madewithout apologies for the intention but with many for theact, the defence for which is that it is such fun. THE Overwhelming Genius of Literary America, lII.1. 44 Thornton Niven Wilder, author of * The Ca- bala \ who is only 29, comes before the world with astyle distinguished by maturity and by an exquisite senseof tonal values, subdued to a perfect and supple instrumentof literary expression. He uses words with the professionalsense of color and numerical weight of a gambler dealinga faro bank. His style bears comparison with Pater....It suggests one of those wonderful clocks made by medievalcraftsmen which, when other timepieces merely strike twelve,keep track of sidereal and ecclesiastical time, mark thephases of the moon with meticulous accuracy... —NewYork Times Book Review.2. 44 In H. C. Witwer, America has a humorous writerwithout an equal Roanoke, Va., Times»3. 44 Master of the art of fiction and true genius—George Pattullo ! "—Central Oregon Press.4. 44 No writer, not even the mighty Kipling, can painta word picture with half the warmth and color of AchmedAbdullah. In this respect he stands unequalled by anyauthor in the history of English literature —Minnea- polis StGr.5. " Arthur J. Rees has the valued gift possessedby Stevenson and Poe ".—New York Herald-TribuneBooks.6. 44 .... Paul Green is doing for America what Syngehas already done for Ireland ".—Ditto.7. 44 Nowhere on Anita Loos' countenance can therebe found the faintest trace of that supersophisticated wisdomand cynical knowledge of lifp and men and women thatwould have drawn the respect of Rabelais and the envyof Voltaire ".— The Theatre Magazine.8. 44 Only a Dumas could conceive fiction that equaled4 The Rosalie Evans Letters ' ".—Gertrude Atherton in theInternational Book Review. (i) From " Clinical Notes " by George Jean Nathan. BOOK REVIEWS FROM "BRANT'S SHIP OF FOOLS" 1347. THEATER UND LICHT SPIEL- HAUSER, by Paul Zucker. ( VerlagErnst Wasmuth A. G. Berlin). Price32 Marks. THE Verlag Wasmuth often issuesup to date books on the Theatre,and those who are awake to themodem stage ought to keep a sharpeye open in the Wasmuth direction—for this Verlag produces them welland at a fairly reasonable price.In the present volume eighteen Mo- dern Theatres are shown us and elevenCinemas. The Cinemas one and allstrike me as being distinctly stupidaffairs, spite of the fact that one is byPoelzig—and he full of intelligence.Even in his Cinema builiing " TheCapitol " in Berlin, erected in 1926, hemanages to invent a ceil'ng that isoriginal, and forces his originality cle- verly in many a detail; but, like therest of the architects, the excellentPoelzig blunders over Cinema in thathe gives it a house that is like aTheatre. I am no architect, but forthis creation of modern times,... thisCinema,... I think I should try toconstruct a modern house.Here was the chance and it hasbeen missed. Possibly deliberatelyavoided : —if so, then Poelzig has notblundered. Maybe proprietors of theseGerman Cinemas are pessimistic aboutits health, and are to be heard sayingto their wives at the daily breakfast" My dear, not butter AND marmaladetogether, butter or marmalade *\ " Why,darling? " she asks. " Because things are looking black on the horison, swee- test : there's not much more life in theGerman movies: and we may soon haveto turn our own thirty-nine houses intotheatresWell, well, when the poor directorsof these Berlin Cinema palaces have todo that it will be quite easy, so like arethe places to real little Theatres,—andthen they will again be able to lay themarmalade on the buttered bread.But if Poelzig, for some reason un- known, has not done well over the Ci- nema, he has assuredly done belter thananyone else in this book in the wayof theatres,... if we exempt Henry Vande Velde, of whose work we shall speaklater on. The date given in the bookto Poelzig's " Grosses Schauspielhaus "Berlin is 1919. I was always underthe impression that it was put togetherin 1912-13, for Professor Reinhardt,and that a ready-made circus wastransformed by the architect into thismost theatrical, and, to me, best of mo- dern spectacle playhouses. There is agood deal I dislike about it; but, takenall in all, and compared with the otherexamples in this collection, it easilytakes first place,... as a modern affair.Oskar Kaufmann can do a prettypiece of work too, making as good ashow inside and outside; but, whilehe impresses U3 before we enter, onour entering the place he merely ticklesour fancy. He likes woodwork of theboudoir kind, and fantastics of everykind. He's no t at all bad at I he game,but he has not yet fashioned a realTheatre.The mind of Herr Fahrenkamp istoo much occupied with Japanese Artfor him to do all he would like to do,and Lossow and Kuhne have no notionwhat stage and drama are, for theyexert themselves magnificently to achievethe wrong thing.Max Littmann, struggling manfullywith the old Wagner notion, whichattacks most of us when we are young,and, thank God, leaves us at peacewhen we grow up, reveis in It all andmakes more out of it than anyone everdeemed possible.In Munchen his Prinz RegentenTheatre of 1901, and his KunstlerTheatre of 1908, will always remaina proof of this architect's devotion toa great cause; but by the time hecame to build at Posen in 1910, andat Stuttgart in 1912, he shows us thathe has already had enough of it, sohe slips in circles and sideboxes and Uncle Tom Cobbley andall, with a fine Foyer or two, chan- deliers, and really one begins to feel abit cosy again,... cosy in the old grand style. The exteriors of his two Stutt- gart Theatres, if not quite the thing, arethe very next best thing to it.Seeling* s Charlottenburg Theatre looksto *me a useful place and it would bethe very thing for me, if I lived inCharlottenburg. Distance has not lentenchantment in this instance. I do notbelieve anyone could possibly call itartistic and that is a virtue.Walter Gropius, in his 1923 Thea- tre at Jena, has had an idea and carriesit out well. He is a very gentle man Ishould say, perhaps even weak at times,for outside and inside his excellentsmall theatre is so very hard. Nothingcan allow him to unbend: even hisseats are the very deuce, presumingHell is icy as folk believe. But there'sa something I like in Gropius: may beI respond to this very weakness not tounbend. 1 hope some day Gropius willmake one curve, one little curve in oneof his walls and then but I awaitthe miracle.And now to come to Henry vande Velde. Where this architect dif- fers from the others is that he reallypauses.... pauses, to think of the Drama;and when we come to consider thisfact it occurs to us as perhaps the pro- perest way of setting about the busi- ness. Van De Velde is the only ar- chitect out of the nine here representedwho seems to have considered the pro- scenium. His plan is here to show usthis, though unfortunately no photographis given of the stage and its proscenium.Built in 1914, at Koln, its semi- circular stage was an innovation; thecentre of the Van de Velde stage iswhere it should be : as a rule thereis no centre;... such a mistake to forgetthat little point even spite of all theguarantees of Democracy. Van deVelde is a true artist and has no po- litics, and therefore is balanced, and re- cognizes little things like the circle,the half circle, and the centre ; and,if he cannot contrive to curve his audi- torium, far be it from him to insist:he will keep his curves for the stage*The stage is the gainer. This sameproscenium seems to have appealed tohis collaborators in the Theatre Champs-Ely sees, the swell playhouse which wasput up in Paris in 1913. I well re- member seeing it in 1912, while incourse of construction. These collabo- rators A. and G. Perret, charmed bythe Van de Velde stage prosceniumof 1914, adopted it in 1925, for theirtheatre at the Paris Exhibition of Artsand Crafts.Henry Van de Velde has alwaysbeen a pioneer—l need hardly empha- size that fact—so well it is known* All pioneers come across each other aftercutting their way through the forests,swimming the big rivers, and at last,with a chuckle of delight, land at thePioneers Inn, one of the most dense- ly populated hostelries on earth ; forthe pathetic picture of the lonely pio- neer is all bunkum. You can anyday prove this for yourself if you canget a through ticket to the PioneersInn which lies somewhere N N bys s.It is an odd place. On arrivingthere you lose not only yourself butall sense of time and place ; you mayeven for a moment suppose yourself inHollywood, for the first thing thatmakes you rub your eyes is the sightof a gentleman in a maroon brocadewaistcoat embroidered with silver, silkbreeches and stockings, Hack shoeswith silvered buckles, stretching his legson a bench : by him stands another ;he wrears a toga: the two are quitesilent. Shojuld you not recognize themat once you can on enquiry learnthat the first is named Charles NicolasCochin, and the second ApeJopius....who as some of you know was the firstlo suggest stone as a good warm fauteuil.It was, I learn, adopted after a delayof two hundred and eighty sevenyears.As for Cochin, you all know him.But you may not know of this incidentin his life.Taking a stroll one evening aftersundown, and the year sometime about1760, M. Cochin, greatly to his sur- prise, found himself outside the wallsof Paris, the village in which his plea- sant but rather cramped homesteadstood. Taking a turn to the left, atusiom so often indulged in by pio- neers, he thought he saw a light inthe distance. He had noticed this lightonce or twice before, but had paidlittle heed to it because, on enquiringof a group of Parisian peasants, whowere reading and laughing over 44 LeDernier Cri the fashionable journalof that day, they had told him to askthem another, one yokel being politeenough to add 44 there aint no bloominglight, you old fooL.. that's a brickWallThanking his last informant for hiscourtesy, M. Cochin turned back, en- tered the Porte St. Michel and wentright home. But this stroll of his be- came habitual, and, by habit toe, thosesame five or six Parisian peasants al- ways seem to have had the identical thingto say to M, Cochin when he pausedlooking at the brick wall as though hesaw a light on its flat plastered surface.It was in fact a blind alley into which the good Cochin was so incessantlyroaming of an evening, and anyone buta Cochin would have recognised thatimmediately and stopped roaming al- ways into the same blind alley. Butone night Cochin was late with hisstroll: and on arriving at the blindalley not a peasant was to be seen ;none was there to say to the old fool44 get along with you "; so he gotalong at the double, for there was thelight, right enough. 44 Since I see it,it must be there " thought Cochin;but, like all Pioneers, he kept lookingand relooking, shyly cautious lest hemight really be making a fool of him- self ; and so he went on and on andnever returned to Paris : and by 1 790he had actually arrived at the Pioneersfnn where two great gentlemen in togasand one in a Kimono met him at thegate saying 44 welcome,.,, you havebeen long expectedIt seems that to a new arrival thisis all they say, everything else beingso clear to the understanding of allthe gathering that it is held unneces- sary to talk it aloud : but later on onefinds out that there are hundreds oftopics :—the seasons, the price of to- bacco, the size and weight of pebbles,the precision of the stars, (though thistopic has been banned since the arrivalof Herr Slackenschmidt, for on hiscoming everyone knew immediately thatthe stars detest being precise and soall were able once more to enjoy theirlight and their coming up and goingdown without having to say any- thing).But my tale must stop, not becausethere is not a middle and not an endto add to this begining, but becausethe middle's so long and the end is soslim. Besides 44 The Mask " is soslight, and will not bear the mere framewcrk of that tale: suffice it to saythat every pioneer, from Jaos (who asyou know was the first) down to Mon- tejallo, gees to, and is at home at, thefamous but (to others) utterly unknownInn, and there they al! have the timeof their lives.Never, never is anyone heard tospeak of going back to Paris for exam- ple ; that ceases to be a possibility onaccount of the ludicrous notions involvedin the idea—and in like manner noone speaks of going back to anywherewhat ever, having arrived, having as- sembled, have found, like Cochin did,that what peasants in Paris and Londonand Poggibonsi take to be a blankwall is actually an open way. Would:you speak at all after such a disco- very ?Well, I am a mild kind of pioneer, so I talk; and my talk all hoversaround Henry Van de Velde and hisideas, which are born by the hundredwhen he is tired of giving birth tomerely ten at a time. That he carriesout all his ideas is not in the natureof things ; he is keeping thousands toexchange silently with the rest of uswhen we all foregather at the famousInn.What a charming book to be sureis this 44 Theater und Licht Spiel- hauser " ; it has brought me a glimpseof this architect. But I know himslightly and I know him to be anunblushing advertiser. But what anadvertiser he is, with his strange habitof employing a special advertising agent.But even there he is a pioneer, forhis travelling advertising agent is hisvoice, and, when ever he speaks, aposter sketched in the finest colours islaid upon silk and is slowly unrolled;this he pins to the door, the shutter,the lintel, where ever you will. Theonly other voice in any way approach- ing it for quality is that of . GeneralD'Annunzio; but, as some one elsehas said, even as the words of Mercuryare harsh after the songs of Apollo,so is the voice of this most musicalof poets but a squeak after you haveonce heard Van de Velde, THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY ANDMEMOIRS OF B. R. HAYDON.2 Vols. Peter Davies. Price 20/-net.FANNY BURNEY AND THEBURNEYS by R. Brinsley Johnson.Stanley Paul &amp; Co. Price 161-net. THERE are books wholly devotedto theatrics—ie, the tricks of thetheatre, and these are often a bore.There are also books which are givento theatring a little,—that is to say,the people in the said books hangaround the theatre waiting their time,saying things, jotting them down, re- cording trifles; these are sometimesreally of interest and assuredly enter- taining.In the first category come the Me- moirs of Actors, Annals of the Stage,and serious works :—Colley Cibber'sApology, Dumas's 44 My Odyssey ",Mantzius's History of Theatrical Art:while in the second we have suchbooks as 44 Crabb Robinson's Diary44 The Table Talk of Samuel Ro- gers " and Haydon's 44 Autobiogra- phyMany of us who devote our livesto the stage, who have to act, pro- duce, or scrub the beards and dustthe velvet hangings every day and night, seldom have time to read anyof these hooks. Some of us who onlyappear in Acts I and V of a playhave an hour and a half of spare time ;so we fill that up by reading the44 Observer " or the 44 Referee " ; thequieter joys of an hour or so with abook are impossible in a dressing roomof a Theatre. Many have tried it andknow it to be impossible, It's liketrying to read on the esplanade ofsome seaside place, or on the edge ofa cafe.That's why the newspaper was in- vented, and why our newspapers grownoisier and noisier. Tis to drown theclatter of cups, glasses and hoofs andthe whirr of wheels and the rest ofthe pandemonium.That we do, we newspapers ; andtis a churlish world if it says unkindthings abou) us; for we are a kindof League of Mercy, and with ourdope we drown the miseries of thebusy man.Utter then no harsh word aboutthe thunder in 44 The Mask " ; it servesits purpose.But if we would crown the racketwe would not kill the moonlight; noreven the arc lamps which make ci- ties bright when the quiet comes atlast.And in such quieter and brightertimes we may find an hour or twoin which to pick up a book of Me- moirs and therein discover things hereand there about Talma, Siddons orMile. Georges ; for now and again suchstars are mentioned by people whosaw them.For example, in 44 Crabb Robinson'sDiary " :—44 1814, August 26. Arrivedin Rouen in the evening, and heardthat Mile. Duchesnois was to perform.Tired and even hungry as I was, Iinstantly.... " and there you have it.It is such scraps that please me morethan whole books of an actor's oractress's 44 Recollections ", for there Iget my actor and actress as the publicsees them ; and I also get a glimpseof someone else besides my actor andactress which has its uses. I see Wil- liam Godwin, Haydon and Talfourd;I am aware of the presence of Words- worth, and Coleridge often pops in :Samuel Rogers is there ;—and here islittle Charles Lamb with his 44 Dicldle- diddle dumpling, my son John, Wentto bed with his breeches on"; andWordsworth murmuring 44 Charles—mydear Charles ".Sometimes Byron appears ; Mooreis always there; and Miss Burneyseems to be hovering, while in a chairsits Talleyrand hidden by the others. So that when I catch a momentaryglimpse of my actor and actress in themidst of such a gay company as this,1 feel that things have assumed theirright proportions again and that all theworld is not a stage—while the stageonce more really becomes a bit of theworld.But there is one odd thing aboutthis wonderful, gay and dear companyof men and women:—Blake is absent.No one seems to know him, and yetyou and I and everyone else knowhim so well today. Did he not diein 1827.In the Memoirs, Autobiographies andthe other books his absense is felt;no one even utters his name. Itspeaks well for such a jolly companythat I do not leave it to seek outW. B. in his little rooms in SouthMoulton Street. To be fair on themerry companions, one of them didgo and look for him ;—that was CrabbRobinson; but I find no word ofBiake in Haydon's 865 closely printedpages. Yet Haydon knew Fuselii,Flaxman, Crabb Robinson, Stodhart,and all these men knew Blake.Did Lamb know him ? he hadread 44 Songs of Innocence " ; andKeats, is it possible that Keats, Blakeand Lamb were never together ?It was not perhaps only KingGeorge 111 and the Public who calledBlake mad;—possibly even Lambthought him a bit queer, and Keats,Rogers, Haydon and the rest, when hisname came up to the top in the talk,surely dismissed it and killed it with theword 4 Crazy '.It is rather awful to think this mayeven have been so.For the love of God, charity then....And a pause if you are not by naturecharitable, lest you kill more than eventhe devil dreamed mankind fool enoughto kill.Yet I would I had the time andwit to search the archives for somerecord showing that Lamb did knowBlake, and that they had walked andtalked together when the big swellswere not about.What little folk most of the bigswells were one realizes as one goesthrough Haydon's Autobiography andthe Fanny Burney papers.I should like Miss Burney did shefuss less;—but I never knew a biggerfusser. And as I know some of theartists who visited her house (to meether father Dr. Burney) I dislike hersmug way of sizing them down.Besides, Miss Burney was a dead- head, and did 44 prefer for acquain- tance the well-bred and obliging Miss Davies to the selfsufficient and impe- rious Bastardini" (1775).She prefers the tame Davies to al- lowing a brilliant artist to be herself.This Bastardini, as she calls her in- correctly, was La Signora Agujari,one of the fine singers admired by Mo- zart.Yet she has to admit that Agujariis 44 alone and unrivalled ".She likes Garrick for Garrick playsthe fool for her in the house 44 to piqueher " and that strikes her as so admi- rable.When she became Madame d'Ar- blay she loses much of her pertnessand becomes dull.The editor of these new papers findsher pictures of men and manners inthe 18th century 44 incomparable " ;yet also finds the Burneys 44 not quitewell-bred " and sometimes using 44 thelanguage of a snob ", lacking in 44 emo- tional balance " and with 44 no senseof style ".What would all that matter if onlyFanny Buiney's pictures of the menand manners of the 18th century hadbeen well drawn, well sketched, oreven dashed in well.Haydon does better with the earlypart of the 19th century. That 44 im- mortal evening " on December 28th,1817, with Lamb, Monkhouse, Keatsand Wordsworth, plus the stranger,the comptroller of stamps, is certainlyrecorded well. But when all is saidand done by these immortals of thatfamous evening, one turns to looktowards Mr. William Blake at No. 17South Moulton Street. On December28th, that same evening, three daysafter a merry Christmas (it is the verysame evening in 1926 and it is halfpast seven that I write this—a hundredand nine years have rolled by—) I seemto see this man, with a grander headthan Beethoven's, now sixty years old,still slowly and gravely colouring byhand a copy of a book which heprinted in 1789, 44 Songs of Inno- cence ", and a copy of a later bookin 1794, 44 Songs of Experience";for he had an order for the two forwhich he is to be paid 44 on deli- very " some £ 2.10.0 at the veryleast.—Today we auction them forabout £ 300 apiece.Lamb preferred Blake's 44 Canter- bury Pilgrimage " to Stothaid's. 44 Awork of wonderful power and spirit,hard and dry, yet with grace " hesaid of it, on one occasion.—lt was noton that 44 immortal evening" Decem- ber 28, 1817, for what would Keatshave thought, or Wordsworth.Yet Lamb had moral courage. &lt;&lt; PLAY-MAKING " by WilliamArcher. (Third Edition) Chapman &amp;Hall, Ltd. Price 7/6 net. THIS volume on 44 Play making "was presumably written by the lateWilliam Archer in the hope of makingclearer to us how to set about writinga play. But instead of telling us simplyhow to do this he gets lost in hissubject. He keeps on referring to littledetails in the work of Ibsen, Dumas,Tolstoi, Maeterlinck, Pinero and otherplay writers. He pops from one nameto another ; he tells us that Galsworthydoes this, where as Fitch doesn't; whileJones works so, Pinero works somehowelse.This makes us wish he would keepstill and settle on any one Dramatist andtell us clearly how the man does writea play,1 was eager to learn what Archerwould tell me about the method ofDumas pere, and on turning to the fivereferences to Dumas pere I learntabsolutely nothing.When he starts to tell us how Shakes- peare wrote a play he again goespopping about from one play to ano- ther. I want to see Shakespeare thecraftsman at work on any one play, ...on44 King Lear 44 Hamlet " or 44 Mac- beth " not on 44 King HambethThose of us who are born preachers,actors, painters, poets, dramatists, en- gravers, gardeners, builders, only lackthe little tip from the old pro 44 howto do it ". Now Archer doesn't tellus. He tries to tell us, but in orderto give anyone the tip you have to giveit in a sentence of six words, or ofthree, for you have to prove that itseasy, f know this for I have givenpeople the tip.All the dear good Archer does is toshow us how fearfully complicated it all isand Archer, just because of thissimple nature of his that was bent oncomplicating, was held in awe by halfLondon. 44 What does Archer say "was then the word, as today 'tis 44 whatdo Brown and Agate say Lengthytalks about a thing done or how to doit, are really of very little importance.And here we see Archer, a play-writer,wasting his and our time for forty oddyears on elaborate criticisms as Brownand Agate are doing today. Confusingeveryone, .... helping not at all. Youmay say thai it requires a certain ge- nius to give pupils a clue to secrets insix words: if this be so, then thesooner we stop listening to the pedantswho give us nothing but a headacheand turn to the lesser men, the merelyintelligent ones with a genius for illu- minating things, the better for London.Can't it be stopped ? cannot an endbe put to this elaborate criticism ?I wouldn't rob Agate or Brown of apenny of the hard gained cash; but I thinka new job has to be found for them,and I suggest they purchase a copy ofWilliam Archer's 44 Play-making " andsee if that will teach them how towrite some jolly good successful plays.For to any but a dramatic critic 44 Play- making " is written in a foreign language. VINCENT CRUMMLES. HISTHEATRE AND HIS TIMES:arranged by F. J. Harvey Darton.Wells Gardner, Darton &amp; Co. Price£&gt; 2.2.0 net. FIRST of all a number of illustrations,nine in colour, by 44 Phiz", FredBarnard and others, and some repro- ductions of a rare playhouse [or two,make this book a delight to keep dippinginto; .... and until you plunge youoften dip.Then you read those chapters byDickens which present Crummies toyou, and you've plunged.Then you come out and enjoy Mr.Darton's commentary, every word ofit, as you dry in the sun.This is a book, a sound book, togive to a boy : such a present is worthsix lost months of education at Eton.Not the least curious thing in thebook is the fact that Onwhyn's extraillustration showing Crummies is prac- tically a portrait of our renownedEnglish dramatic critic James Agate;I cannot therefore agree with the noless celebrated dramatic critic Mr.Sidney Dark that 44 Mr. Crummiesexisted until the warThere is another picture in the bookof topical interest, for it shows us44 An audience at Sadler's Wells ", inthe early part of the nineteenth cen- tury, and this depicts for us what MissBaylis wishes to revive. One wouldnever have thought it. THE LETTERS OF MARIE AN- TOINETTE, FERSENAND BAR- NON, Edited by O. G. de Heiden- stam. John Lane. Price 12/6. I cannot find these documents interes- ting, nor am I interested in MarieAntoinette as she is set dovn in thesepages.She strikes me as a pretentious lady,and not particularly straightforward.One realizes what it was that drovethe French people to destroy her. One's sympathies for her are drivenaway by her unceasing meddling.As with her amateur roles, so withher amateur stateswomanship; they were44 royally ill played ".In 1789 this Queen had supportedthe pretensions of the hairdresser Leonardto the directorship of the Theatre desTuileries, and the best he coulddo was to exploit an Italian companythere. A PLAYGOERS WANDERINGSby H. M. Walbrook• Leonard Par- sons. Price 10/6. IT is not that too many books ofTheatrical memoirs are appearing;it is only that the books are exagge- ratedly large, too expensive, and unne- cessarily fine for the purpose: bythat I mean work purposes.Books of this kind could easily beissued at five shillings and be thinner,small type used, and plainer covers.For if not for u5,... for the workerson the stage [or the historians..., forwhom are these books ?You tell me that Old Playgoers arethe readers and are ready to pay whata stall in a Theatre cost in the old days.But tell me something more: would these playgoers object to buythese kind of books if plainer, morelike a work book and less like a fancynovel ?But this is wandering from Mr. Wal- brook and his good book, worth quiteten and sixpence if only for the char- mingly written chapter on the old Prin- cess's Theatre and two other desolateplaces where once was so much hap- piness.... but I am anticipating the endof the twentieth century. I am writingfor the friends of my great grandsons,who will doubtless be once again44 sentimentalists ".They will like Mr. Walbrook s bookand will search for it in the CharingCross Road, will find it at a shopwhich will have the name Dobell writtenon a board above the window.But it is not alone for one chapterthat you'll bang ycur ten and sixpence.The twenty nine chapters are all good.Mr. Walbrook is the stuff a goodplaygoer was made of once, and willbe made of again and again. Of itskind this book is quite one of the bestthat has appeared for many a day.By the way, I think on page 130the author means 44 Danish not44 Nor- wegian " Dramatist; and on page 51it was the crash of glass from a windowleft open, and all the crockery, notmerely the fall of one plate. LETTERS CONCERNING THEENGLISH NATION by Voltaire.Peter Davies. Price 15/ net. (only750 copies for sale). WITH an able Introduction by Mr.Charles Whibley, this reprint ofthe letters is once more very welcome :and surely never before have theybeen so beautifully printed or on suchdelicious paper or better bound.Mr. Peter Davies indeed seems toknow a good deal about book-making.Mr. Whibley in his short introduc- tion writes of Voltaire taking 44 a certainpride in making Shakespeare known inFrance " ; but, if I remember aright, Ibelieve that it was another Frenchmanwho did this. I somehow recollectMr. Swinburne telling me in his highvoice as he sat patting his knees thathe had just discovered that anotherand not Voltaire had made Shakespeareknown to France.But no one need bother about whatVoltaire though of Shakespeare or any- thing else because it is only the wayhe says things that is so enchanting,not what he says. SHOOT! by Luigi Pirandello. Chatto&amp; Windus. Price 7/6. THIS novel by the famous Italianwriter is very readable, but it hasthe confused and confusing elements init which I ior one dislike intensely.The author is this time lucky in histranslator who is none other thanMr. C, K. Scott Moncrieff.That the book is fuij of intelligentpassages need not be doubted, and forthese it is wrell worth reading; but itis too full of unrest, an unrest whichseems even a little affected : it is agi- tated where it might easily (no, noteasily but assuredly) have been calmlyplanned, calmly done or put aside :that is what I feel.Well then.... MINIATURES AND SILHOUET- TES hy Max Von Boehn. Dent &amp;Sons. Price 10/6 net. FIRST of all a very cheap book.Well written, with forty colouredplates and about two hundred blackand white illustrations ; entertaining andmost informing ; it seems to me to bealtogether an admirable piece of bookwork in every way.The only fault I can find is thatthe line blocks which purpose to giveus reduced representation of the silhou- ettes are often blotchy. Goethe's noseand wig and tail-coat on page 185are spoiled : on pages 186, 187, 188,189 the outlines of Goethe and hissister and the Frau von Stein are alsoquite spoiled, and the duchess of Weimaron page 192 apparently has stickingplaster on her nose.It is very careless of the block-makeror the printer or someone, and yet itdoesn't spoil the book.For the student of the Theatre thereis a good deal in this volume to interesthim, especially the portraits of MileDuchesnois, Mile Lange, Theresa Pecheand Pr^ville.And what enchanting young ladieswere the Sisters Rushout, how sweetthe Duchess of Devonshire as Bonerepresents her; how adorable almosteveryone represented by that geniusIsabey.The author tells us that the art ofminiature painting has never been ap- proved by the critics which is soright. Is the art of the puppet approvedof by the critics ? No: the critic hashis life to care for ; he too wishes toprosper and be happy. He must praisethe big canvas and the big actor: hewinks and does it. He winks be- cause he knows that little puppets andlittle miniatures stand in no need ofpraise and will always enchant all thosewith wit to discover them for them- selves.I wish I had some of these lovelyminiatures. SIDEWALK STUDIES by AustinDobson. Oxford University Press.THE POEMS AND PROPPIE- SIES OF WILLIAM BLAKE.Everyman Series. Dent &amp; Sons.Price 2/— net. THE " World Classics" is a serieswhich grows on one. The volumesare real pocket with but one defect;....the ridiculous design, in gold too,which serves to titivate the back. Aworse design could have been found,a more commonplace unnoticeable pat- tern could have been had quite easily.So why this preposterously funny thingto disfigure these volumes ?Dobson's 44 Studies " are perfectthings in their way, and were alreadyspoken of in the last number of 141 heMask " : and as many treat of Thea- tricals every theatre lover should possessthem. But why wont the OxfordUniversity Press tell us the price ofthese volumes as clearly as the Dentsdo with their volumes of the EverymanSeries ? This Volume of Blake's poemsshould prove to be one of the mostpopular volumes of that celebrated series.It is a remarkable two shillings' worth.Let me warn would-be purchasers tosearch carefully for the eighteen repro- ductions of 44 The Gates of Paradise " ;for, if you glance too rapidly throughthe volume, these will not immediatelybe found by you. The eighteen areall placed together, and they are sur- prisingly well reproduced.I know Blake's designs fairly well,but many of these platfs are new tome, not having appeared in any of theGilchrist books or in the Oxford Pressedition or anywhere else.An interesting introduction by Mr.Plowman, together with a bibliogra- phical list, adds value to the littlevolume. PASTICHE A Music Room Booklby Yvonne Cloud and Edmund X.Kapp. Faber &amp; Gwyer. Price42/ net. 44 * g 'HIS is " as the publishers state,A 44 a book for music loversHere are records in pen and pencil ofthings and persons musical. We are givenportraits or portrait caricatures of Dol- metsch, Coats, Busoni, Sir Henry Wood,Ravel and others. Accompanying theseruns a pretty brook-like burble of text,often broadening to a stream, neverswamping us or deafening us ; pla- cid and nicely it goes on.But I for one am convinced thatboth the draughtsman and the writercan do more than they have done here.They do enough to show me that theyboth have sturdy intelligence, which isthe rarest of things. These two youngartists seems to me to have a futurebefore them. CUES AND CURTAIN CALLSby H. Chance Newton. John Lane.Price 12/6 net. THESE are records of the EnglishStage from 1869 until today.Mr. H. Chance Newton, the recorder,is a name little known to the public,but he is known to all the readersof 44 The Referee '* as Car ados.This Car ados is the only part Mr.Newton has played with overwhelmingsuccess ; for though he was an actorof distinction in his youth, he decidedin 1877 to beat all other actors hollowby playing one role 18,250 times this role of Car ados.While performing this (he literally created the part), he managed to beof great service to the actors he knewpersonally such as Irving, Tree, WilsonBarrett and a dozen or so less wellknown men. He was a good old friendto these: always reliable, helpful andkindly.Knowing them so well and for solong, it is a real delight to hear himtalking about them in his clever bookof gossip.This able old man for he is nowseventy-three years of age managesto get through this rather long workapparently without any effort and withbut two cr three errors. His worsterror is after all merely this, thathe omits to mention certain men andwomen talents or celebrities.Hs failed to see Salvini though Sal- vini was acting in London in 1875,in 1876, and again in 1884. Neitherare Madame R6jane, Signora Duse,M. Coqueiin, or Miss Isadora Duncanmentioned. Nor are Mr. Shaw, SirGerald du Maurier, Mr. St. JohnErvine, Mr Masefield or Miss SybilThorndike.But after all Car ados may have beenindifferent to those persons who Mr.Chance Newton did not know perso- nally ; and indeed the personal ele- ment iooms largely in this book, .... ty- pical of the immense importance thepersonal element plays in the EnglishTheatrical world.So we hear a great deal about44 good old Herbert that being SirHerbert Tree; 44 good old Barry Sul- livan 44 good old Creswick " andothers who were assuredly as good,and old only in the familiar sense.We rather like to realize how oftenthese excellent good fellows thought athing 4 4 d—d good 44 d—d " thator 44 d—d " the other because it isvery dashing.We aie not a little interested tolearn that Mrs. Kendal is a Jewess;Old Ben Webster, grandfather or great- grandfather of 44 the artistic " Mr. BenWebster of today, a Jew, and thatBelasco, Augustus Harris, James Fer- nandes and a dozen others whom wehad always taken to be highbrow Chri- stians, were of the same persuasion.We relish the definite statementnailed to the mast that 44 undoubtedlyof all the actors of the past, whomIrving had never seen, the Kean (ieEdmund Kean) was Irving's idolOne is relieved to be assured thatit wasn't the gentlemanly Macready, orthe smart David Garrick, but was noneother than the brandy-drinking rascalKean. Not that Irving particularlyadored his idol for his blemishes, but that, knowing him a man of genius hesnapped his fingers at the rest.There is an interesting conversationwith Tree recorded, in which Mr.Newton urges the actor not to play MarcAntony in 44 Julius Caesar " ; and howTree began rehearsing Cassius. In theend he threw tjiat part over and re- verted to Marc Antony saying to Mr.Newton 44 in his most apologetic man- ner ", 44 I had to go back to Antonyas I find that an actor manager is alwaysexpected by the public to play thatpart".A few years ago, adds Mr. Newton,Henry Ainley said the same thing tohim : 44 I want to play Brutus .... butI find that an actor manager is alwaysexpected to cast himself for MarcAntonyThis doing what is 44 expected"strikes me as a peculiarly weak argu- ment and should serve as a warningto those of us who are today rathersympathetic towards that old system ofactor-manager, showing us that there arefatal defects in the system.I believe Mr. Newton errs when hetells us that 44 it is not generally knownthat Irving " first 44 met Ellen Terry(in a play acting sense) at the Queen's "when they played in the 44 Taming ofthe Shrew " ; and also when he retellsthe anecdotes about 44 Fuss!e ", Irving'sdog, and says he was lost at Southamp- ton and turned up at No. I StrattonStreet, London.These facts were recorded someyears ago by Miss Terry in her Bio- graphy, though the place Fussie returnedto was Grafton Street not StrattonStreet, for it was in 1888, accordingto Miss Terry (in 1887 according toMr. Brereton) and Irving had not movedfrom his house to his flat.But these are after all trifling errorsand will disturb no one but the histo- rian ; and what are the scribes andreporters made for but to do that.After reading the whole book onegets the impression that without Mr.Chance Newton the English Stagemight have been a very different placefrom what it is. RELATION IN ART by VernonBlake. Oxford University Press. MR. Vernon Blake " after twenty- five years of almost constant ab- sense" comes to London with thisdifficult book, rendered difficult perhapsby a certain lack of understanding: forwho is there who, perceiving our need,will give us stones when it is breadfor which our eyes are appealing. Perhaps it was rather unfair of usto leave things to a vague appealinglook: it was rather unfair of us notto have told such a man twenty yearsearlier what it was we wanted. For,had he known, I feel he could havedelivered the goods.Obviously we forgot to tell Mr.Blake ; and so, while we haven't toblame him now for not having readour looks, we fear that others will notbe so considerate, and they will findhim tedious and say so, and there anend. They will possibly recognizemuch of the old studio talk of the lastthirty years in this very long book ofhis, and will be sympathetic to thisclever talker who wants really to thrashthe matter out even if everyone leavesbefore he has finished talking: butthen they will say in defence 44 hereally didn't make it any clearer to us,and what is more he wouldn't stoptalking ".The book is nicely printed by Mac-Close and Co, The University Press,Glasgow, for the University Press,Oxford. WILLIAM BLAKE. 1757-1827on the Lord's Prayer, by John HenryClarke M. D. The Hermes Press.Price 7/6. VERY well worth getting becausethe author has gone to great painsto save you, the reader, pains. Thereare some writers who, as they preparea book, think of nothing but their dearselves. These are bound to give uspain; but Mr. Clarke is one of theother kind ;—he is all the time tryingto save us trouble.This he does by telling us to takeit easy—not to struggle—not to try tounderstand Blake's vision since to un- derstand Blake is as easy as swimmingif you will go easy with the water andtrust it. THE MEMOIRS OF CARLO GOL- DONI, written by himself; Translatedfrom the original French by JohnBlack. Alfred A. Knopf, London ;Price 10/6 net. MR William A. Drake has writtenan introduction to this volumeand said all that I would like to havesaid here about Goldoni. Mr Drakehas stolen a march on me;—and be- sides, until I read his introduction, Ihadn't thought of the things he thinksof and puts down.The translation by Mr. Black is dated 1814 and it might be a gooddeal better. But it is good enough forthe secondary purpose of the book,which is to show us something of whathappened in the theatres of Italy be- tween 1732 and 1762.It is to be read carefully by anyserious stage-manager, for the writerhas a good many valuable hints tohand over to him.The book has not the brilliance ofCarlo Gozzi's Memoirs. One receivesno impression of that Venice awaitingthe canon of Bonapaite to wake itfrom its immense dream : a dream likea vast tapestry into which one candrift in a gondola and find the veryair sweet almost to stickiness.With Goldoni we are given a pointA—his lodging : a second point B—his theatre ; and we are made to drawa straight line through calle and canalfrom A to B, and to rush breathlesslyafter this dapper little shopkeeper ashe plies his trade twixt the two givenpoints.Goldoni once said he would writesixteen plays during one year for theTheatre to which he acted as supplierof plays. Fie delivered the sixteen,—he was an exemplary theatrical person:his Memoirs make this clear. He wasa clever, able little being—but give meGozzi as representative of Italy.Goldoni might have sprung fromsome Garden City in England or fromWindlefeidt near Mullhausen.Actually I take him to be a Swiss;—he hails from Basle so far as I amconcerned; he is so utterly in orderand to so little purpose. A HISTORY OF LATE EIGH- TEENTH CENTURY DRAMA1700 to 1750, 1750-1800 byAllardyce Nicoll. Two Volumes. Cam- bridge University Press. Price 16/-each. WHEN a new book of ProfessorNicoll's is announced you canalways count on its being indispensableto you.Here is the trained Historian at hiswork: here he astounds you with thesame rapidity with which he collectsall the known facts and sorts themout; and if you are lucky enough tobe able to add dates and other factsto the huge collection all the better;—but it is not often you can add any- thing to the Nicoll heap.At the end of the first volume theauthor gives us a Handlist of plays,1700 to 1750, which runs into a hun- died and seven pages. It is trulywonderful. At the end of the second volume he gives a Handlist of Plays»1750 to 1800, which runs into ahundred and thirty odd pages.By the way, I would be inclined toquestion Professor Nicolis statementthat " the fashion for private theatresalmost certainly came from Franceand to say that, if it came via France,the fashion was started in Italy. GILBERT AND SULLIVAN byA. H. Godwin. J. M. Dent &amp; Sons.Price 6/- net. I witnessed the performance of sevenof the Gilbert and Sullivan operettasduring their first runs at Theatres,Op£ra-Comiques and Savoys.How I enjoyed them ! It was thetunes, the jingle and the singers—especially Grossmith—that caught andheld me. The words were lost on me.Now I find it is the words whichI go searching for.How good they are. I believe theactors today speak them far better thanthey did in my day. Then theyplopped them out of their chubbycheeks, smiling a conceited kind ofsmile about nothing—half singing theseincisive sparkling phrases—or thoseabout the heart.I should very much like to see afirst-class English company of 1927 in" Patience ". Next to that I get con- siderable pleasure reading this able bookby Mr. Godwin.It was so sunny in the London ofthose days, and not to sing would havebeen an insult to Queen Victoria, thatlady who kept all things and peoplein their right places. Seldom was abutcher found editing a paper then—because halfpenny papers had notbeen invented. Butchers have managedtheatres, but not in Queen. Victoria'sday :—they were one and all too busychopping up meat for the Royal Family.Those today who doubt this never knewLondon in those days, no Butcher'sshop being complete unless it hadthe Royal Arms over its portals with" Purveyor to the Royal Family " infine gold letters.And on the gold the spring sun ofLondon would twinkle and the carriagewheels would go round flashing, andthe horses* hoofs trampled musically,and Sullivan heard it and Gilbert sawthe point.—London then Was the world.Why bother what the thinkers in Ame- rica were thinking, or the other pro- found nobodies were saying. Londonwas the world,—well then :—and hadit not been so no Gilbert, no Sullivanwould have collaborated together foryou and me. Make London the world again forus artists, and by jingo we'll live upto it. ESSAYS ON OLD LONDON bySydney Perks. Cambridge UniversityPress. Price 12/6 net.CITY STREET NAMES by LouisZettersten. Selwyn &amp; Blount. Price3/6 net. MR. Zettersten covers a lot ofground in his handbook, whereasMr. Perks touches here and there in ascholarly way,—the Guild Hall, greatfire of 1666, and the subsequent schemesof restoration are the subjects of thesehis brief essays.Mr. Zettersten was a business manin the city, and if he had an hour forlunch gave fifteen minutes to food forhimself and forty-five minutes to col- lecting food for us, which food heserves up for us in this little book.His idea was to see a new ally,street, court or institution each day,and each evening he would look upall about the said institution, court,street or ally.Mr. Perks being City Surveyor tothe Corporation of the City of Londonis right there on the spot, and has" been able to consult records notusually available to the general public ",and the result he gives us in his hand- some volume.Both authors refer their readers toHorwood's Plan of London which wasrecently reprinted in its entirety in" The Mask " So The Mask willprove useful once more. BERNARD SNA W MANAND HIS WORK: HaroldSkimpole B. A. _ George Allen &amp;Unwin Ltd. Price Si- net. A celebrity is often unfortunate in hisbiographers, who more often thannot misrepresent the man and his workwhile doing their level best to utterthe truth.Mr. Shaw is more than lucky iiihaving as biographers doughty sapperswho shovel and shove away like any- thing.Let them but stick at it and in timethe snow will all be cleared away andthe suburban villa will look its best.Mr. Skimpole and his publishers havedone a remarkable thing in producingthe book for so small a sum ; but Ian not so sure that this is not one ofthe books which ought to have costtwenty-one shillings or even two guineas.It is written as its subject deservesand the several comparisons of Mr. Shaw with Mr. Chesterton are veryright and proper.There is very liitle I can find faultwith in the little volume, which shouldprove a welcome addition to many li- braries of southern England. RIP VAN WINKLE GOES TOTHE PLAY. Brander Matthews.Charles Scribner's Sons. Price 10/6 net. PROFESSOR Brander Matthews isnow seventy-four years of age andseems to have haunted the playhouselonger than even our own 44 Car ados".(Mr Chance Newton) has done.He has been 44 for sixty-four yearsan incessant and indefatigable playgoer".Born in 1852, Mr. Matthews tookhis first dip in the Stygian pool at theage of eight when he saw Boucicault'sstage version of 44 The Heart of Mid- lothian " ; and as early as 1869 hebegan writing about Theatres, yet is asyoung as he was then, and is 44 con- vinced that the methods of today arebetter than those of yesterday ".This is one of the best books he haswritten.It is a collection of short readableessays on things Theatrical which werewritten in 1913, 1917, 1920, 1922,1923, and 1924. So that the lastwas written when he was in his se- venty-second year, and may we all doas well in our sixty-second.That he gives us nothing written in1926 is only because the hearty oldgentleman is collecting those writingsnow, and probably intends to let ushave them in 1 929 when he will havesome foot notes to add.Most of his 44 old fashioned" no- notions are right notions. He tells uswhere they come from ; he quotes Ristorior Jepherscn or Rachel or some otherauthority. He is proud to do so. Wouldthat he were equally proud to quotethe authorities when he comes outwith one or two 44 modern" notions.These he commends, and takes thecredit for them, which is a somewhattricky and reprehensible thing to do.He is at times a little long-winded,as, for example, at the beginning ofthe essay on 44 The Question of theSoliloquy " where he takes two pagesto say when it justifies itself and whenit doesn't.He could have done it in six lines.He writes very tolerantly of modernacting, for he keeps himself most care- fully informed on modern developments.I won't say that I should haveenjoyed eighty or a hundred pages moreabout the one or two great Americanactors and actresses so little known to us, ...Jepherson and Clara Morris, forexample, in place of the same numberof pages devoted to odd scraps relatingto thirty or forty Europeans about whomwe probably know rather better thandoes the good Professor.Still, we cannot find fault with thislast little book by the genial American44 guide, philosopher and friend " of thelate William Archer. MAGAZINES. THE ARCHITECTS' JOURNAL.Monthly. Architectural Press. London. IN The Architects' journal for March16th there is an interesting articleby Mr. J. F. Mcßae on the newMunicipal Opera-house at Marseilles.The old Opera-house was destroyedby fire in 1919 and the new one isnow being built by M. M. CastelEbrard and Raymond. Twelve pho- tographs of the building and its detailsand four reproductions of plans andsections help us very generously to seewhat it is Mr. Mcßae is describing,and the Architects' Journal is certainlyto be congratulated by us on this : forwe too often look in vain in the illu- strated architectural magazines for re- cords of what is being built in theway of Theatres.And if we would experiment a littlemore in England, and if theatres werebuilt for the Public, the Drama andthe Actors, instead of for some groupof profiteers who already have toomuch money to know what to do withit all, we should begin to push alongat home, and then no doubt our finemagazines would avail themselves ofthe opportunity and issue articles wellillustrated which would cause everyoneto say 44L00k—that's a lovely theatre".Meantime our Contemporaries mightshow us more often what is being doneby French, German and American ar- chitects to render their playhouses livelier. THE DRAMA (Monthly) edited byTheodore Ballou Hinckley, 58 E.Van Buren St. Chicago, U. S. A. ONE often finds there excellent ar- ticles by Mr. Barrett H. Clark ;and besides this it is more serious thansome of the other better known thea- trical monthlies and, it seems to us,prefers to be rather more exact thanflashily effective.What new Theatre Monthlies mustguard against is the flashy showing offof material ill-digested and over pic- tured without any reason for its pictures. EDITORIAL NOTES. 200 FRENCHMEN ANDSELWVN OF AMERICA SAYGERMAN GOODS ARE BEST. FROM THE CONTINENTAL DAILY MAIL.O MARCH 24TH I 9 27* 0 44 IF Mr Edgar Selwyn, the AmericanI theatrical magnate, has his way Max44 Reinhardt will go to New York and44 stay there.44 i want to build a theatre forhim Mr Selwyn told me, 41 A Rein- hardt theatre worthy of the man ".44 But there are others who want himtoo. I was at a luncheon party givenin his honour in Paris the other daywhen 200 Frenchmen distinguished inall the arts invited him to give a seasonof his plays in Paris next June with aGerman company and assured him ofa great welcome.44 They all spoke in French. Rein- hardt replied in German and I did notunderstand a word of it till an inter- preter helped me out . Mr Selwyn should pop over toBerlin if he wants to see how Germanyand the Germans in Germany builtProfessor Reinhardt a theatre " worthyof the manThe Grosses Schuaspielhaus was thetheatre: previous to that he had theKleines Theater which was quite worthyof him: then the Deutches Theaterand then the Kammerspiel. He hasnot been without theatres and still hasa few in Germany and Austria.The notion that the Germans do not honour their foremost producer is quitefantastic and to be attributed to thewrong kind of brain wave.And the other notion (illustrated too)of two hundred Frenchmen seated attable—in Paris—and all solemnly rai- sing their glasses of rich Burgundy tothe toast " Professor Reinhardt whomwe all honour and admire " has pos- sibly its funny side, even if some ofus cannot but see the tragic horror ofsuch a situation.The tragedy is that Paris is so de- stitute, not of talent but of courage tosupport home industries : so fearful toback its own bob-tailed nag.Rather like London was and, let ushope, is no longer going to be: forwe note that people from the highestto the lowest are growing not a littlecross at the continued attempt to dumpill foreign goods into our little Blighty. A PALTRY AT TA C Ko AND A WARNING. oTHAT modest retiring play-writerand dramatic critic, Mr. St. JohnErvine, had a last fling at the well- meaning scene designers last month ontaking leave of the Morning Post whichhe has always enlivened with his dash- ing Ulster ways.Mr. St. John Ervine said that thesesame scene designers were " arrogantfellows, " who actually consider them- selves to be equal in authority to dra- matists and actors ", and yet " theyforget, these arrogant ones, that theauthor and actor can dispense altoge- ther with the artist but that the artistcannot dispense with them .We would warn Mr. St. John Er- vine to take care.The artists have done him no harm;on the contrary, they help his playsevery time ; but it only needs a wordfrom the source of all this evil—fromMr. Gordon Craig—(for " he is re- sponsible through his disciples for muchthat is dreadful ") for the vanguard ofthe scenic movement to advance toreally deadly purpose.Mr. Craig has never yet advocated theindependence of the scenic design ; butshould he say the word—should hetell his followers how to do that trickof " dispensing with play writer andactor " (and we don't doubt that hecould show them that trick in a twink- ling) Mr. St. John Ervine might cometo be sorry he had thrown that parti- cular challenge in the faces of this particu- lar, unoffending, generally helpful group.It is a pity that Mr. St. John Er- vine was so wrath with Mr; AubreyHammond, the mildest of men; and Mr. Ashley Dukes, the most open mindeddramatist in England. Yet he admits that44 all our scenery is far better done thanit was " when he began play-going.Then what has he to He grumbles that all is so vivid ;that he has 44 to protect his eyes fromsome of the glare and glitterWe remember when the dramaticcritic was always complaining that thestage was so dark he could see nothing.But these London Dramatic Criticsare a farce.—Wonderful brainy men,they are now and again, like the rest ofus, obsessed with their own importance.If the actor is to be less than thedramatist, and scenic men still less, letthe dramatic critic fade away entirely#Let him be friends with one man only—his companion in misfortune, ....tiestage manager.We revere the dramatic critic withthe stage-manager. To us they are allimportant; but only when subdued,—unseen and unheard by the public.Let the one produce the play andget no praise, and let the other reportwhat he saw, and avoid telling us allabout himself and his eyes and hisidea 3 and what he deplores—for itdoesn't matter. There are three or fourdramatic critics who are swollen out toan unseemly size with their appallingself importance, and it doesn t lookwell least of all on the Sabbath, jWe have said that, if he wishes,Mr. Craig can give his followers thecue HOW to produce a drama withoutauthor or actors.We think everyone will agree withus that he has been provoked sufficientlyto justify him doing that. Mr. St. JohnErvine has never ceased speaking ill ofMr. Craig's work: Mr. Agate too ; Mr.• -Ivor Brown follows suit, ana so on.A paltry business—which we havefollowed month by month for severalyears. "We can recall nothing morediscreditable in the annals of the stagethan the annual attacks made on thework of this artist who is held sohighly by his fellows in every Euro- pean land and by some of the bestcritics in Europe and America.Why these particularly nasty attacksshould come from Ervine, Agate andCo, who are supposedly Britishers, noright-thinking man can say. That theyare malicious one would not assert,—butthey are contemptible and there an end. OUR FRONTISPIECE:THE OLD QUEEN'S THEATRE.IN the present number of The Maskyou will find an interesting book,4t A Playgoer's Wanderings reviewed. The author, Mr. Walbrook, devotes achapter to three old London Theatresnow passing away. He does not giveus photographs of these so we have hadone made specially for readers of 44 ThzMask" of that one which pleases usbest; the old Queen's Theatre madefamous by the names of Henry Irving,Salvini, J. L. Toole, Lionel Brough,Charles Wyndham, Sam Emery, EllenTerry, Henrietta Hodson and a num- ber of other excellent English actors.Some of us pass the doors of thisTheatre daily and are unaware that itsarchitect was Charles j. Phipps, andthat Albert Moore R. A. painted thefrieze over the proscenium.It was built as a speculation by Mr.Lionel Lawson of The Daily Tele- graph. -Mr. Chance Newton tehs us veryinteresting things in his book 44 Cuesand Curtain Calls" about Irving andthis theatre.It was at this Theatre in 1875 thatSalvini appeared tor ine second timein London as Othello.It was this Theatre which Mr. HenryLabouchere managed! for a tsme, it beingconsidered a very fine theatre in ad- vance of the times in many ways." It had a comfortable auditorium andan up-to-date system of stage machi- nery " writes Mr. Erroll Sherson inhis admirable book " London's LostTheatres of the 19th century". THE RO YALCOBTHEATRE, LONDON.O A NOTE ON PLATE 10. OTHE illustration showing the RoyalCobourg Theatre, Lambeth, as justopened, May 11th 1816 (Plate 10)is from an engraving by Stow of thedrawing by Schnebbelie, R. B. thetopographical artist, published by KobertWilkinson at No. 125 Fenchurch street,London on January Ist 1819.The Theatre was designed by thecarpenter-architect of Liege, RudolphCabanel (1762-1839). In 1833 itchanged its name and was called theVictoria Theatre and is now known as44 the old Vic .The figure in the foreground, itsback turned to us, is supposed by someto represent William Blake. jirinrFiri-rrik K e R ,WE regret to hear of the death ofMr. Joseph Harker, aged 71 ;who, though out of sympathy with theNew Movement in the Theatre, wasa kindly personality and a thoroughlysound maker of sceneries. SOME NOTES ON OLDFLORENTINE THEATRES.WITH REFERENCE TO THE ACCOMPANYING CITY PLAN. TN the four corners of this plan are fourscrolls held by cupids, these scrollsgive the number of churches, monasta- ries, schools, and theatres to be foundin the four quarters of Florence in theyear 1783. No theatre is included in thescroll which refers to the SOUTH SIDE ofthe Arno, although there was the famousAnfiteatro in the gardens of the PittiPalace ; this can be found without dif- ficulty.N. B. The Teatro and Arena Gol- doni were both built later, in 1817 and1818 and these came to be situated, thefirst in the Via St. Maria, the wordSanta marking the exact spot, and thesecond in the Via della Fornace, the en- trance being above the word ViaTHE THEATRES ON THE NORTHO SIDE OF THE ARNO. oIN THE 44 QUARTIERE DI S. CROCE " (UPPERLEFT HAND CORNER).(1) The Teatro Coletti, is to be foundbelow the church of S. Croce and sur- rounded by the Via Santa Maria, Viadelle Colombe, Via Pietra Piana, and Viadel Giardino. Built in 1740. the entrancebeing from the Via del Giardino, it wassometimes called the Teatro di Via delGiardino.It was reconstructed in 1760, whenit became known as the Teatro dei Ri- soluti, or the Teatro di Via Santa Maria,the entrance being now from that street.About the year 1828, it became knownas the Teatro Alneri when it was rebuiltby Vittorio Bellini,(2) Teatro dei C a dentin which is notmarked, but was situated in the Corsodei Tin tori, on the exact spot where anerror in the old cliche has chanced tocome. This existed in 1692.44 QUARTIERE DI SAN GIOVANNI " (LOWERLEFT HAND CORNER).Here were 3 theatres.(0 Teatro Cocomero, (situated justbelow the letters F O of the word Fon- damenti in the Piazza del Duomo).The theatre was built in 1650.111 1651 it took the name of Acca- demia degli Imtnobili.In /652 there was a split in the Ac- cademy, and the Immobili moved to theVia della Pergola ; those that stayed onbecame the Accademia degli Infuocati.It was restored in 1725 and 1754.In 1859 it became Teatro Niccolini,the name it is still known by.(2) Teatro della Pergola, (situated tothe left of the Duomo, surrounded by theVia della Pergola, Via di Pinti, ViaS. Egidio and the Via Nuova). Builtfor the Accademia degli Immobili byFerdinando TaccA in 1652.In 1689 it was restored and paintedby A. D. Gabbiani.In 1755 it was reconstructed by Giu- lio Mannajioni; it was restored again in1789 and in 1828 reconstructed. Sincethen it has been several times restoredand changed.(3) Teatro Niiovo (situated just belowthe letters M E of the word Fondamentiin the Piazza del Duomo).Built in 1779 for the Accademia de- gli Intrepidi, it was known as the Teatro della Palla a corda ; it was destroyedabout the year 1913.4* QUARTIERE DI S. MARIA NOVELLA "(LOWER RIGHT HAND CORNER).(1) Teatro della Piazza Vecchia, (si- tuated at the North of the Piazza Vec- chia between the churches of S. MariaNovella and S. Lorenzo). Built in 1762for the Accademia degli Arrischiati, itwas the smallest Theatre in Florence.Restored in 1796 and again in 1839,it made way for the Hotel Baglioni so- metime about 1885.(2) Teatro di Borgo Ognisanti, si- tuated in the road of that name, (justbelow the letter N of the word ARNO).Built in 1778. by G. Parletti the ar- chitect for the Accademia Soileciti, itwas often restored, the last time beingin 1866. It came to be known as TeatroRossini and was destroyed in 1888.The scroll of this quarter tells usthat there is a third theatre to be ac- counted for : we have hunted but cannotfind it.Any enthusiastic student who disco- vers it will have a copy of the map sentgratis (mounted) if he will inform us ofhis discovery and if it prove correct. THE MODERN PAINTERAS VIEWED BYMR. THOMAS CRAVEN. U. S. A. "Y\ 7HEN Mr. Thomas Craven sat himself* down to solve the question *4 Havepainters minds ? ,} he sat himself down tono purpose.It seems a shame that he should havesat down at all: or have hit upon suchan assinine question to resolve.Glued to his seat, the great mind ofMr. Tom Craven revealed itself: nodoubts in Tom's mind a flat 'No' fol- lowed by three or four No, 110, no's.14 The modern painter is an inferiorbeing " ; (Go it* Tom ! (&lt; He is dum anddull and conceited " ; (Tom's going itall tight!) 44 bleats like a sheep aboutbis soul " ; 41 of all the workers in thearts is he the least alive " (Got him there,what ?). 44 The general public has no con- ception of the feebleness, stupidity andignorance of the painter " ; (We like thatrather that stupidity AND ignorance).44 He is inarticulate and proud of it ".We don't say Tom is ; Tom says thepainter is. What the Painter will say toTom the next time he catches sight ofhim will probably be sufflcienty articulateeven for the sensitive ear of Tom.44 The painter, dolt that he is, eitherdoes noi read or does not understand ".Tom should count himself lucky if thepainter doesn't read this article of his.And all this and* much more besidesappeared in 44 The American Mercury "March 1927.We commend Thomas Craven to thetender mercies of Augustus John. THREE VIEWS ON WOMEN ANDTHE DRAMA. WE are half way through a transitionperiod, the transition being fromthe Masculine to the Feminine. Thegreat days of drama were strictly mascu- line. Tragedy is a sign of a manly peo- ple : comedy is a sign of a womanlypeople. The keynote of the feminine ageto which we are coming is a sort ofhysterical refinement. The tune in thetheatre is being called by women —.whose taste is for light stuff rather thanfor solid materialMr. St. John Ervine : in a speechat a Dinner of the Authors' Club.THE legitimate stage does have to ca- ter for the women, for men don'tgo, except to support their wives. Andwhile women love the sentimental playthey love to weep gently they donot like full-blooded tragedy. They likeplays that appeal to the heart, but theymust not be too real.44 But the men ? why they choose themusic-halls and revues ! "Miss Sybil Thorndike.IT is the women who are wanting in asense of the comic. While men facethe horrors of real life with a laugh, butdon't want to see them oti the face them seriously, and quite like tosee them enacted on the stage.Mrs. H. IV. NeVinson,WE invite comments from our rea- ders. and shall later have a wordor so on the subject ourselves. KEEPING YOUNG DAME Madge Kendal, writing theother day to a London journal inanswer to the query7 as to who was thegreatest Englishman, says : 44 In myjudge- ment, the greatest Englishman, afterShakespeare, was Lord Byron " Andgood for Madge Kendal, say we. MR CYRIL MAUDEAND LITTLE THEATRES. MR. Cyril Maude, interviewed by aLondon journal, said all sorts olgood things recently for the Little Thea- tres of America, and spoke happily aboutthe movement in England.By the way, his interesting book on44 The Haymarket Theatre " is a valuablelittle work of reference. Published aslong ago as 1903, by Grant Richards, itis none the less the book 011 the subjectfor you to get if you are studying theBritish Theatre. PLAN OF THE CITY OF FIRENZE, 1783.Designed, and engraved by Francesco Magnelli and Cosimo Zocchi. Plate II.