Bruno's Weekly 3 20 November 1st, MCMXVI naaq_1916-11-01_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 20 F. Couiton Waugh Illustration 1 On a Poem by Don Marquis John Black cre 2 About Masters, About Strikers and About Children. Guido Bruno cre 2 O. Henry, Prison and Publicity 2-3 Walt Whitman A German Appreciation in 1868. 3 Love and Death. Rainer Maria Rilke cre 3 Plan H. Thompson Rich cre 3 The Doer of Good. Oscar Wilde cre 4 The Master. Oscar Wilde cre 4 August Strindberg by Gulbranson Illustration 4 Democracy. Elizabeth M. Walker cre 4 The Last Adventure of the Child Edna Wahlert McCourt cre 4-5 Prudery 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Epistolae Hominum Obscurorum. Being the Correspondence of a Chicago Girl and a Greenwich Village Man DORA cre 5 Drawing by Clara Tice Illustration 5 Greenwich Village, N.Y. BILL cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 Books and Magazines of the Week. 6 Tit-Bits From Our Village. Renee Lacoste cre 6-7 Wistaria. Sadakichi Hartmann cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 7 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Ten Cents November Ist, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 20 NOVEMBER Ist, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright igi6 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. . ' ' , - _ . . - F. Couiton Waugh On a Poem by Don Marquis John Black 'I"1 HE 'wind was in it, and the rain,Laughter and sorrow, hope and pain,And I was sure, then, as I heard,It was a bird.But then the note grew rich and strong.The carol deepened to a song.At once I knew the 'voice and motion—It was the Ocean.How vain my idle guesses! LoveIVhispered it was the music ofThe lute that knows no counterpart—A warm, true heart! About Masters, About Strikers andAbout Children. Guido Bruno COLIDARITY of action, if sincere, must be the sequence ofharmony of mind. To sacrifice one's individuality is jus- tified only by the good it will bring to all and to everybody.To give up individual thinking and the control over one's ownactions should be the extreme act to manifest brotherly love,a last resort to maintain one's own self respect.To act blindly upon somebody's request, without the directimpulse in one's own self is the sheep act of following the bellweather, is an expression of weakness, of a decadence of self- respect. Good will result for the world if good results foryou. If your gain is a farthing, the gain of the world is anegative one—is loss.If you spit in a lake, you lose your sputum, you lose the energyof creating it, you lose the muscular force to eject it. Thelake will not rise, even if hundreds of others spit in it becausethey sympathize with you.Yours was only the pleasure of exerting yourself, of exaltingyourself while you were giving—and of seeing the little bubbleon the lake's surface.Strikes, such as the carmen's strike we are witnessing at pres- ent, bring benefit to none.You, striker, risk the wages of a month or of a longer periodfor the gain of a few cents each day.You risk the ruin of your family life for the pleasure ofshouting approval of your leaders.You neglect your duties toward your pregnant wives, towardsyour sick children, you expose yourself and those nearest toyou to eviction.You beg alms on the street and play hand-organs to arousepity in the hearts of man. . . . Why all this self-sacrifice, allthis pain and humiliation?The gain of the pennies you ask as increase to your wages?No. .. .! You want to act in solidarity. You want to bemagnanimous. To be blindly obedient towards men, otherschoose for your leaders.It is pitiable that you have to have masters.We all were born to be masters. The laws of the land gaveus the constitutional grant to be masters.But conditions of living, conditions that you cannot change andthat will be the conditions of your children, are such that wehave to recognize masters.So then, let us keep our hearts and our minds free of slavery.Let us be masters in our own homes.Let us preserve the patriarchal home, where we are lords ofthe manor, heads of our families, troubadours of our women,heroes of our children. ...Be this home only a three-room tenement flat, we can make itour castle: equal to every mansion of the masters on Fifth Avenue.As proud and as free, as happy and as hospitable. Let usacknowledge as masters only such men as grant us honorablythe means to sustain a home in fair exchange for our labor.Let us give them every day the hours for which we receivepay for them—and nothing else.Let us be wise in the choice of our masters.If you do not like to be a motorman, or a train guard, trysomething else. If you are not satisfied with the money paidyou, look for another employer.But cease to be a child; abused by the other sort of leaderswho rob you of your individuality, who press you into theirsystem, who brand you with their own iron—and who sendyou begging on the streets, who chain you like animals to ahand-organ.Cease to be children who refuse to eat in order to punish theirparents.Be yourself above all and ever. Then you will be happy.And then only of real service to yourself, to your family, toyour fellow-man, to your country, and to the universe. O. Henry, Prison and Publicity different are our days from those of the othergenius that American literary endeavors have producedsince the discovery of our continent!Rufus Griswold, the noble friend and biographer of EdgarAllen Poe, hinted at Poe's most likely incarceration in debtor'sprison in order to slander his character, to ostracize him amonghis contemporaries; he even succeeded in staining his memoryfor coming generations. People seventy-five years ago—longbefore Gould fortunes were made—looked contemptuouslydown on a man who had worn prison garb; more than that,they despised the person who had sinned against the laws ofman.Today! What a change! We have seen some of our"greatest men" ride in their limousines to prison, we haveheard of the luxurious lives some of them lead in the seclusionof their cell, providing they have the necessary means to payfor such luxuries.The gruesome features of prison life become the memoriesof a cruel past. To be subjected to a term of imprisonmentmeans to our aristocracy (and therefore to the billions ofreaders of our society columns) simply to "get into trouble"—as long as a rich man is in question. Robbing, stealing, evenmurdering in order to gain BIG amounts of money is differentfrom robbing, stealing and murdering for mere trifles.The jailbird with millions is the hero of a romance ... asort of pirate of yore.To have been in prison is a glorious reminiscence for theman of later achievements. Proudly can he speak about histrial, his conviction and his prison life, while stumping forsome political candidate (see Thaw in Brooklyn) ; it is aneffective climax during an after dinner speech while the guestof honor of some fashionable club.I am quite sure Professor Alphonso C. Smith mentioned inhis just published biography of O. Henry the years of sorrowO. Henry had to live deprived of his liberty as a matter olfact. I have not yet read his book. But I feel confident thathe did not make this painful period in Porter's life the mainfeature of his work. He would have done wrong to have men- tioned it. Most likely he spoke of these years in the mostconsiderate and the most delicate manner.jßut: he must have forgotten the ethics of publicity men andof newspapers of our day!Those years in prison were made the catch-word of an effec- tive publicity campaign in our daily papers. All of thembrought the astonishing news of O. Henry's prison career asmain features on the first pages next to the cable news fromEurope. Doubleday, Page &amp; Co., O. Henry's publishers and watchfulkeepers of all his copyrighted material, perhaps did not dislikethis spectacular revival of interest in O. Henry; such tricksalways help the sale of copyrighted literary property that iskept out of reach of the poor man's purse by copyrighted highprices.Verily, an astonishing tribute is being paid in such mannerto the genius of America's only originator of a literary stylecharacteristic of and expressing the country.Cannot one write wonderful short stories and at the sametime be even a murderer? And does our interest have to bearoused in the story writing of a man because he was a mur- derer ?Where is there a connection between short stories and prisonlife? Must we throw mud and dirt upon both men who rep- resent to the world American originality in letters?Common decency, if not respect for the feeling of O. Henry'sliving near relatives should have prevented newspapers frompublishing so ostentatiously this chapter in the great author'slife. But what would an American publisher not sacrificeupon the altar of decency if it means a few more editions:more money for his copyrights? Walt WhitmanA German Appreciation in 1868. From the Allgemeine Zeitung {Augsburg), May io, 1868.WHITMAN! Who is Walt Whitman? The answeris: A poet! A new American poet! His admirers saythe first, the only poet America has hitherto produced. Theonly specifically American poet. No follower in the beatenpaths of the European muse, but coming fresh from the prairiesand Western settlements, fresh from the coast and the greatrivers, fresh from the crowded seaports and cities, fresh fromthe battlefields of the South, the odor of the soil which createdhim still clinging to his dress, hair and beard. One whoselike has never yet been; one who stands firm and self-con- scious on American feet, a prophet of great and strange thingsto come. His admirers go still further: Walt Whitman is infact the only poet in whom the restless, searching age hasfound its expression, the poet par excellence, the poet.Thus or, one side his admirers, among whom we meet evenan Emerson; on the other, the fault-finders and abusers; besideboundless praise and enthusiastic recognition, the bitterest sar- casm and merciless invective.To all this the poet remains indifferent. He accepts thepraise as his due and meets his adversaries with contempt.He believes in himself; his self-reliance is unlimited. "He is."says his English publisher, W. M. Rosetti, "above all else theone man who has earnest convictions and confesses that nowas in the future, he will be the founder of a new poeticalliterature, a great literature suitable to the material grandeurand incalculable destinies of America." He believes that thefuture will consider him as much the maker of America as itwill Columbus as the discoverer of the Western continent, orWashington as the founder of the States. A sublime convictionindeed, expressed more than once by the poet in magnificentwords, none more splendid than those beginning the poem:Come, I will make the continent indissoluble,I will make the most splendid race the sun ever shown upon,I will make divine, magnetic lands,With the love of comrades,With the lifelong love of comrades.This has a proud ring. Has the man also the right to uttersuch things? Let us become intimate with him and considerhis life and work. Let us open his book.Are these verses? The lines are printed like verses, to besure, but verses they are not. No metre, no rhyme, no strophes,but rhythmical prose—the verification of the Psalms. At thefirst glance rough, unpliant, formless, and yet not devoid ofharmony for a sensitive ear. The language simple, solid,straightforward, giving everything its right name, fearingnothing, sometimes obscure. This strain rhapsodical, prophetic,and often unequal blending the sublime and commonplacesometimes to a degree that verges, on tastelessness. In spite ofevery other dissimilarity, he reminds us sometimes of our Hamann, or of Carlyle's oracular wisdom, or of the "Parolesd'um Croyant." But out of all breathes the Bible—its lan- guage, not its faith.And what does the poet give us in this form? Above all,himself, his ego—Walt. Whitman; this ego, however, is a partof the earth, of humaniy, of the universe. With this convic- tion and linking the sublimest to the most insignificant objects,he rolls out a huge panorama before us, always taking Americaas his starting and closing point (for the future belongs to afree people.) A cosmopolitan spirit, so to say, pervades Walt.Whitman and his Americanism, such as is peculiar to contem- plative natures, who, alone with infinity, spend lonely dayson the seacoast or lonely nights under the starlit skies of theprairies. He finds himself in everything and everything inhimself. He, the single man, Walt. Whitman, is humanityand the world. And the world and humanity are one grandpoem to him. Everything he sees or hears or comes in contactwith, even the meanest, the most insignificant, the most com- monplace, everything appears to him as the symbol of some- thing higher, something more spiritual. Or, rather, materiaand the spirit, reality and the ideal are one and the same tohim. Thus, self-made, he appears to us loafing at his ease,singing his songs, a proud, free man and only a man, openingto us world-wide social and political vistas.A wonderful apparition in truth! We acknowledge that itimpresses, alarms and strangely fascinates us. And yet we findthat we are not yet finished with our judgment, that we arestill influenced by our impressions. In the meantime we areprobably the first in Germany to form an opinion of the exist- ence and activity of this fresh power. The queer fellow de- serves to be considered closer by our poets and thinkers,threatening, as he does, to overthrow all our ars poetica, ouresthetic canons and theories. And true it is, that after havingread in these solemn pages, after having listened to the deep,sonorous roar of Walt. Whitman's muse, rushing on our earlike the continuous beating of the ocean's waves, our tradi- tional versification, our endeavor to force our thoughts intocertain traditional forms, our jangling of verses, our countingand measuring of syllables, our making of sonnets, strophesand stanza almost childish to us. Have we really arrived atthat point when life demands new modes of expression even inpoetry? Has this age so many and such important things totell us, that the old vessels are insufficient for the new contents?Are we standing before a poetry of the future, as already foryears a music of the future has been predicted to us? Andis Walt Whitman greater than Richard Wagner? Love and Death. by Rainer Maria Rilke QN horseback, on horseback, on horseback, through the day,through the night, through the day.On horseback, on horseback, on horseback. And the fortitudegrew so tired and the longing grew so big. There are nomore mountains. Scarcely a tree. Nothing dares to arise.Strangers' houses crouch thirstily near swampy springs. No- where a tower. And always the same picture.One has two too many eyes. Only in the night often oneseems to know the way. Perhaps during the night we alwaysride back over that stretch of land that we have gained sodifficultly under the foreign sun. That might be it.The sun is heavy as at home in the heat of summer. Butin the summer we said good-bye. The clothes of the womengleamed after us long from among the green. And now weare riding on horseback, eternally on horseback. It must beautumn.At least there where sad women know of us.(.Editor's Translation) Plan H. Thompson Rich wITH these pillars of songAnd these blocks and columns of laughter,We will build us a tower of loveLoftily into the years. The Doer of Good. Oscar Wilde JT was night-time and He was alone.And He saw afar-off the walls of a round city and wenttowards the city.And when He came near He heard within the city the treadof the feet of joy, and the laughter of the mouth of gladnessand the loud noise of many lutes. And He knocked at thegate and certain of the gate-keepers opened to Him.And He beheld a house that was of marble and had fairpillars of marble before it. The pillars were hung with gar- lands, and within and without there were torches of cedar.And He entered the house. And when He had passed throughthe hall of chalcedony and the hall of jasper, and reached thelong hall of feasting, He saw lying on a couch of sea-purpleone whose hair was crowned with red roses and whose lipswere red with wine.And He went behind him and touched him on the shoulderand said to him, "Why do you live like this?'And the young man turned round and recognized Him, andmade answer and said, "But I was a leper once, and youhealed me. How else should I live?'And He passed out of the house and went again into thestreet. And after awhile He saw one whose face and raimentwere painted and whose feet were shod with pearls. Andbehind her came, slowly as a hunter, a young man who worea cloak of two colors. Now the face of the woman was as thefair face of an idol, and the eyes of the young man werebright with lust.And He followed swiftly and touched the hand of the youngman and said to him, "Why do you look at this woman andin such wise?" And the young man turned round and recog- nized Him and said, "But I was blind once, and you gave mesight. At what else should I look?"And He ran forward and touched the painted raiment ofthe woman and said to her, "Is there no other way in whichto walk save the way of sin?"And the woman turned round and recognized Him, andlaughed and said, "But you forgave me my sins, and the wayis a pleasant way."And He passed out of the city.And when He had passed out of the city He saw seated bythe roadside a young man who was weeping.And He went towards him and touched the long locks ofhis hair and said to him, "Why are you weeping?"And the young man looked up and recognized Him andmade answer, "But I was dead once, as you raised me fromthe dead. What else should I do but weep?" The Master. Oscar Wilde Now.when the darkness came over the earth Joseph ofArimathea, having lighted a touch of pinewood, passeddown from the hill into the valley. For he had business inhis own home. And kneeling on the flint stones of the Valleyof Desolation he saw a young man who was naked and weep- ing. His hair was the color of honey, and his body was as awhite flower, but he had wounded his body with thorns andon his hair had he set ashes as a crown. And he who hadgreat possessions said to the young man who was naked andweeping, "I do not wonder that your sorrow is so great, forsurely He was a just man."And the young man answered, "It is not for Him that I amweeping, but for myself. I too have changed water into wine,and I have healed the leper and given sight to the blind. Ihave walked upon the waters, and from the dwellers in thetombs I have cast out devils. I have fed the hungry in thedesert where there was no food, and I have raised the deadfrom their narrow houses, and at my bidding, and before agreat multitude of people, a barren fig-tree withered away.All things that this man has done I have done also. Andyet they have not crucified me." August Strindberg by Gulbranson Democracy. Elizabeth M. Walker J AM nothing but a plain, ordinary, every-day businesswoman, and I presume that I look it.This morning I got up with a feeling of happiness andgood-will toward all the world. As I dressed, I sang, andafter a hastily snatched breakfast, I left for my work, fairlybeaming with a contented, pussy-cat feeling.There was a baby on the car—a sweet, dimply baby—thatI wanted to squeeze, and I felt somehow or other personallyrelated to every single passenger.I grinned at the newsboy by the Subway exit, and laughedaloud when a very fat man bumped blunderingly into me.Then, just as I reached the top of the hill near my office,I met a dear friend of old school days, and stopped to greether, much excited, and thinking that of all things that couldhave happened, this was the pleasantest.Suddenly. I felt a sense of discomfort, and looked up. Icaught the scornful glance of a tall, dudish man—an "aristo- crat"—who, thrusting his trim form between my friend andmyself, posted a letter, and with utter disgust in his voiceasked sneeringly, "Why d'you have to stand in front of a mail- box ?"I wonder if he would have said that to any woman?Today my work seemed hard. The Last Adventure of the Child Edna Wahlert McCourt GIRL was walking in a darkened woods where no birdssang and where the withered leaves sent grewsomeechoes from beneath her feet. Suddenly she saw a womanlying on the ground before her—a heavily breathing, raggedwoman who was dying. The Girl's soul, struggling fright- enedly between a vague longing to help the woman and to runaway, became slowly fascinated by the dying eyes that heldher, spell-bound, while the near-dead features grinned satiri- cally, and the drawn lips sneered, "Afraid?""No-o," whispered the Girl."Come here."The Girl came closer, and suddenly her heart was filledwith a great pity. She fell on her knees beside the dying woman and though she trembled, her eyes filled with tears."Let me help you. What can I do to help you?"''Heaven forbid that anyone help me," croaked the oldwoman, half raising herself on her elbow. But then she fellback, striking as she did so a box that she had been concealingunder her shawl. She winced; a feverish gleam shot throughher eyes; she mumbled incoherently before the Girl caughtwords addressed to herself: "Help, you offered me . . . help,Child? There is no help for me, yet. But, do you see thisbox? All my life has been a theft—except where this hasbeen concerned. Whatever else I am or have or appear tohave, I have stolen. All things have I stolen—all things butthis. This is mine!" She clutched the Girl's dress and begged:"See that this is buried with me!"Her eyes closed.But the Girl quite forgot her, as she gazed on the box ofthe thief-woman. It was wrought gold and gleamed and glit- tered as no thing which had ever come before to her sight.For she was a child of the forest, and all the beautiful thingsshe knew—the sunset, the song of the birds, the glassy ArabianNights of the streams were hers—belonged to her. Whilethis glittering golden box—it belonged to the dead woman!She glanced quickly at the corpse. What good would thebox do it. Quickly the Girl hid the box under her own shawl.And, as she hurried away with it, no one would have mistakenher footsteps for those of anyone but a Woman. Prudery I was asked to join a society pledged not to paint or modelthe nude! I wonder if this society allows its members tomodel a horse without a rug on his back, bandages on his legsor blinkers on his eyes. Surely such a society would insist onblinkers!Why, by such reasoning even flower painting is indecent, forflowers have sex!—Walker Winans in "Animal Sculpture" 1913. Epistolae Hominum Obscurorum. Being the Correspondence of a Chicago Girl and aGreenwich Village Man DORA. Drawing by Clara Tice Chicago, Thursday, A. M. My Dear:Your letter makes me mad!Happy! Who ever said I was happy? And who ever saidI was beating the other fellow to it? I say just as you aresaying now: I get so very very weary of the never varyingnecessity forever to keep up the chase. For if you slacken upthe least bit, you are lost. Cheer up, dear. It is a mentalcondition, and remember—anybody can get way way down, butit takes a mighty effort and a big man to shake off and triumphover depression.You say you have so much work to do. Of course you have.Where in heaven's name would you be without that work?Why, it would be horrible to have all the time in the world tothink; thinking—that way lies madness. I know exactly howyou feel.Now stand up, shake your shoulders which are so nice andbroad and meant to'carry trouble lightly. Go out in the sunand walk and think how much I care for you and how nearI am to you, and others who care for you. Do away withthis gloom, because you are only harming yourself. You areyour own world. Be power. Do not allow the least trifle toeffect you for the worse.Please, please—and I know—don't wait for something tohappen to cheer you up. Do it yourself. Whether it is theeternal scoop or not we have to look and there is anovher sideto life. So keep your dreams bright and cheerful, and I amsending thoughts to you as strong as I can.With much love, Greenwich Village, N.Y. BILL. Sunday, P. M.I see you, dearest, leaning over your drawing board withsome indifferent fashion plate on it, and interrupting your workpenning down these words intended to bring me cheer. Youare kind. You speak of the world that one is oneself, of workwhich is one's life. And you are forgetting that you are givingme back my own words. But times have changed since weused to sit in the lobby of the Lasalle Hotel and talk philo- sophy. My last letter to you must have been gloomy. I don't knowwhen I wrote it. Perhaps it was on that rainy day on whichI tramped from one editor to another and tried to sell him thatstory you can see in this Sunday's paper.It's all over now. I am quite happy that all is just as it isand I wouldn't have it changed for anything in the world.And I would write you a happy letter with a lot of plans init and with a lot of energy if there were not that sentence,"please don't wait for something to happen to cheer you up,do it yourself "This is a funny place which I choose to live and to workin, and its best characterization lies, I think, in this one sen- tence of yours. Everybody seems to wait for something tohappen. I have told you all about Greenwich Village andabout Washington Square. Yes, it is quaint here. But nothingthat you can't find in any other city. If you will take a walkup to the Newberry Park, in front of the Newberry Library,you can well imagine yourself on Washington Square. Trees,old houses, partly old-fashioned residences, partly rooming- houses, a few queer eating-places, a little bit of vice, theUniversity as a background here as well as in Newberry Park,some tragedy and some romance—and there you are. But thepeople here—you surely couldn't duplicate them anywhere.And such bunches of them—just one like another, just as ifthey had been made after the same pattern. And still theythink that they are "so different." Everyone of them didsomething some time ago, and spend the balance of their livesin telling each other what they did, and seem to study waysand means to get in some way or another an appreciation forit. They all live in expectation of something big, somethingunexpected that will change their entire lives. They waitpatiently for years but they wouldn't move a finger to graspthis big unexpected even if it should be in their nearest reach.There are poets who are reading constantly a set of poemswritten years ago to people who don't even pretend to listento them, and they still talk of the wonderful poems of Mr. So- and-so. There are artists who once painted pictures and theyhave been exhibiting these same pictures for years. They seemto live in a glorious past, to scoff at the present and to forgetthat the future is the past of the present.Days appear to repeat themselves. Everybody seems towait for some elemental disturbance of the universe, especiallycrated for the benefit of their own so very important ego.Such are some of my present surroundings. And then, thereare men and women who strive and work and dream andstarve, but those you cannot see in the orange and purplegathering places of our so-called Boheme. These men do notgrow their hair long and these women do not bob their hairshort. Their garb is not different from the poor people's at- tire. They are workers, laborers. They wear clothes to com- ply with our police regulations. But they do not expressthemselves through their clothes. In garrets and cold atticsthey create paintings that will bring warmth and beauty tothe world ; they write books and poems that are so simple thatthey will live forever. These people are the real owners ofGreenwich Village. They are living in the real mansions ofour "republic in the air." The gaudily dressed masses areoutside of the gates; these know they can never enter the man- sions, but they also know that no one will interfere with theirpresence at the gates.Ideas and inspirations seem to lie in the air but—they remainthere too. Everybody tosses them playfully about; you or Imay have our turn at the juggling them. . . .The winter frolics are in full preparation.But another time about all this. Books and Magazines of the Week. Others '"jpHE September issue of Kreymborg's magazine, the last oneto reach our desk, is a "Woman's Number," edited byHelen Hoyt, one of the oldest and truest banner bearers of the"new verse." Helen Hoyt is no mean writer of verse but herpoems are always tainted with a certain eroticism, that is theconstantly objectionable flight of phantasy of college andboarding room girls. It is an abusive employment of talent andof genius. Outside of H. D., who is represented by two poems,too good to be in such company, OTHERS is filled with musicthat reminds one very strongly of the concert in our backyardsgiven by the cats of the neighborhood at certain times of theyear.Cold water is the only remedy for both—for cats and writersof such verse. The Path of Joy That eternally untiring idealist, Leonard Abbott, is the soulof the Ferrer colony in New Jersey, and his generosity, mostlikely, made possible the publication of The Path of Joy, writ- ten, edited and published by the pupils of the Ferrer School.The idea of printing children's poetry and prose in theCuriosity Corner of a magazine is not new. But to have boysand girls under fourteen years of age edit and print theirwritings in a magazine of their own is a novel and extremelyinteresting experiment.The September issue is a very artistically gotten up book,and its contents keep pace with its exterior."A Midnight Frolic," a poem by the ten-year old HeloiseBrown, is a little masterpiece and a fairy-land conception ofNature. Contemporary Verse Of two good acquisitions can this organ of otherwise suffi- ciently heard poets boast of in its current issue. Of a good- looking original front cover design and of Orrick Johns amongits new contributors. Orrick Johns is a poet; one of the fewwho need but to follow their intuition and we are the gainersof brilliant thoughts in the rhythm of pleasing music. OrrickJohns is rarely serious and that is his charm.We have too many serious and hard-working poets inAmerica. The Miscellany This little quarterly journal devoted originally to book-platelore and to the interests of the American Book-plate Society,has branched out lately into the larger field of art and of lit- erature. There is an interesting article by N. Tourneur: R. L.Stevenson in Grub Street. M. Alexander contributes a shortsketch but containing much on Japanese poetry. New York Branch Library News Book illustrations is the topic of this month and the com- plaint is voiced that the illustrator in modern illustrated booksdoes not follow the author as closely as he should. A vividillustration of this evil is the following anecdote: "Dan Beardwas selected to make the illustrations for Mark "AConnecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" Said MarkTwain to him: "Mr. Beard, I do not want to subject you toany unnecessary suffering but I do wish you would read thebook before making the pictures."Mr. Beard replied that he had read it twice. Mark Twainexpressed surprise. "I did not think that was the custom withillustrators, judging from some of the results I have seen." Tit-Bits From Our Village. by Renee Lacoste /GREGORY MASON, writer and war correspondent, and hiswife, Eleanor Flowers, have returned to the village froma tour of southern Mexico and Yucatan. They brought backinteresting stories and pictures of the ancient ruins in Yucatan.Hypolite Havel and John Reed are going to open a coffeehouse in Fourth street near Fourth avenue—an American in- novation of an old European practice.Announcement has been made of a costume dance to be givenby Frank Shay and Lloyd Thomas on Friday, November 24th.A Scheherezade Revel at Webster Hall, the cards read, andthere is a queer little design in the upper right hand corner indicating the parts of the Scheherezade dance that were sup- pressed by the police when the Ballet Russe presented it intown.The prize offered by the Liberal Club for the best two-colorposter advertising their Hallowe'en party was awarded toMark Tobey. After last season's avalanche of posters all de- picting thinly clad maidens, it is a relief to find one in whichthe spirit of the modern and the faint echo of the old fashionedcan mingle so harmoniously—two monks are represented read- ing a circular and their expression of shocked anticipationtells the story.An interesting program is scheduled by the Provincetownplayers for the opening of their feature-clubhouse at 139 Mac- dougal street on November the third. Three one-act plays areto be presented: "Bound East for Cardiff," by Eugene O'Neill;"The Game," by Louise Bryant, and "King Arthur's Socks,"by Floyd Dell.The versatility of Sasha Hourwich being such as it is, Iam at sea as to which phase of his personality to touch uponin introducing him in this column—as a writer, a statistician,a tennis player, a dancer, an authority on any given topic, oras a modern Hoyle . . . As soon as he lets me know his realpreference I shall make it a point to record his views. (As Iwas dictating this to my secretary he made the objection: "ButI don't see any sense to that paragraph?" And I replied:"But there's no sense to Sasha either!")Helen Herendeen may be seen about the village again. Shehas been selected to do a solo dance at the Liberal Club'sHallowe'en Party.An uptown girl dining at the Greenwich Village Inn theother evening thought she had discovered a real Bohemian inthe person of Morgan Draper.-"Mike," ordered Morgan, "bring me two coffees, a pot oftea, some cocoa, and two glasses of milk."After Mike had complied and Morgan sat reviewing thisparade of liquids, the uptown girl surveyed him in rapt ad- miration. "There is a genuine Greenwich villager," she finallywhispered to her escort. Wistaria. Sadakichi Hartmann rather late in the season, the wistaria hadappeared in greater profusion than in previous years.Once the common property of hundreds of porches they hadbecome scarcer and scarcer within the city limits. They dis- appeared with the old homesteads or sickened away with thelack of air, as is the doom of all vegetation in a big city.The pennate leaves were still small and undeveloped whilethe flowers, more ethereal in color even than the pale blue sky,hung like a drapery over the weathered-stained woodwork ofthe rear porch from which the white paint had peeled off.The long loose clusters seemed to drop from the roof, to runin rippling waves along the columns and broke over the baseof the balustrade like a waterfall.It would have been difficult to find more beautiful settingfor the tall lithe figure standing on tiptoes near the steps lead- ing to the garden and reaching with one of her outstetchedarms for the pale lilac flowers above her head. Wind and sunproduced on the swaying wall a continuous ripple of light, andin her kimono of cerulean blue, loose and flowing as if robingsome lady of Haronobu who only at the hips blossoms forthinto feminine contours, she resembled the swaying flowersaround her. The tender green and subdued turquoise bluesthrew vague shadows over the rose tints of her arms and neck,and the sun ornamented them with splashes of pale gold. Itwas a picture aglow with an inner life—a vibrant flame butmuffled as in a sleepy vision, making one think of old rosegardens, faded love letters and forgotten melodies.It was one of the few parts of the city which could advanceany claim to being considered old; where gabled houses ofquaint and dignified air, with colonial doors, old time knockersand sidegates, iron wrought newel posts, and oval windowsover the aisle ways, still spoke the language of another age.Something lingered there of former years, of a happier—noscarcely happier—time (that is a superstition of old people) ; it was merely a note of melancholy created by ttie memory offar off days. Everything about the house and courtyardlooked old and grey. It was a place that invited to indolenceand dreams. Even the wisteria shared the languor and at in-a few petals slowly floated to the ground.She had lived there all her life. She had grown up thereas an only daughter amidst old furniture and dim mirrors,which no longer reflected the candle light of old time festivi- ties. The spacious mansion was dim and silent, as if peopledwith ghosts. The wall paper was faded, dust had gatheredin the marble figures on the mantel piece, spiders wove theirwebs, on the garret stairs, and the old tables and chairs shookupon their curved legs. There she lived her quiet tranquilexistence, now that her parents were dead and she had mar- ried, remote from the turmoil of the city. In simple householdduties and solitary pleasures her life wended its way in thesilence of those rooms. She made embroideries, charming littlecompositions filled with innocence and sadness of a childlesswoman. She amused herself with books, toyed with flowerstrying in a vague way to solve the psychology of their per- fumes, or watched the gold fish sport in the old-fashionedbowl. Life which is to most women a mere diary, she tried tofashion into a poem, whose gentle strains echoed unconsciouslythe sorrow nestling at her heart. How often had she come out to the porch—as a child gazingenquiring into spaces—as a young girl when her dainty feetwere covered with the first long dress—and now as a marriedwoman to listen dreamily to the noises of the outside world,td warm herself in the sunshine away from the dust and dinof the street. Nothing had changed. As with so many women,marriage had really meant nothing to her, it had only pouredthe sweet poison of sensuality into her life, and made her morethan ever wish to lead her inner life, jealousy guarding allesthetic pleasures as secrets of her own.Of what was she dreaming? I suppose of what all thosethousands of women dream who stand at parlor windows andgarden gates gazing into vacant space. The passerby wonderswhy such an air of vague melancholy and resigned sadnessclings to them. Through their minds may drift the most com- monplace things—thoughts of shopping—of flirtation—but un- derneath them is a deeper emotion, which makes them stareso absent-mindedly, and yet so imploringly into life. It is alonging for something they do not possess—something they donot even divine the nature of. Some shattered bowl beyondrepair! The storm of life rages on, they stand at the foam- wet shore and look on with the same yearning as does thebeach wanderer who sees mighty ocean steamers plough thewaters for distant lands that his own eye will never alightupon.A bee roamed about the yard—perhaps to bring a messagefrom one flower to another. One of the pendulous clusters almosttouched her face and its faint aroma caressed her senses withvague suggestions, like a whiff of primitive times, as she leaned against a column her eyes half closed. How she enjoyed thedelicate invasion of spring right here in the city garden, whichmeant to her as much as the entire wealth of form and color inthe universe. It is a frail and timid spring that scarcely sprin- kles a green shimmer upon the greyness of the town. Yet itis the same spring that every season pervades the whole earthwith meditative sweetness. The cares of winter are forgotten,as with a thin vague haze, murmuring of the green worldoutside, it envelopes all objects in the languor of a dream.Suddenly she heard a merry laugh. Se looked about. Thereover the fence opposite, appeared a little fellow with a shock ofblonde hair, and peered curiously into the yard: "Say lady,give me some flowers. I want to make some bee jam for thebaby." The sun played upon its head and shining from therear made happiness that she had hoped for, had never enteredher life, waved her hand in greeting, and threw a cluster overto him with a cheerful "Here you are." The boy seriouslynodded, "Thank you, lady," and disappeared from view.The scene had suddenly changed from her, everything hadlost its color. The garden seemed to lie in shadow, as it were,although the sun poured upon it as before. An immense lone- liness possessed her. The line between her thin but well cutlips grew straight. What could it be that affected her so?She had often felt the emptiness in her life—that her woman- hood was not complete—but she had never felt it so keenlybefore. The great happiness that she had hoped for, hadnever entered her life. The room that had been her nurserystood empty. Would it ever ring with childish prattle andlaughter? Would she ever hold a new life to her breast?What else but that deep hope had inflamed kisses upon her lips.She was destined to pine away like an unopened but*.Was it her fault, was it her husband's? She did not know.Why it it that women know so little about things on which really the welfare of their life depends? Why have some morechildren than they can support and others none? She knewthat there were some who did not wish for any, something shecould not understand. And, yet as she went over the list ofher married acquaintances they were nearly all childless. TheNew Englanders were played out as a race, a large percentagewere no longer capable of fatherhood and motherhood, herhusband had told her. Just like these wisteria, coming from aforeign land with their vitality exhausted so that their seedsare useless. How often had she tried to replant a few branchesalong the trellised walk but c*«spite the tender care bestowedupon them they would not grow. There had never been achange for their existence. In summers past, the present stemshad yielded all they could give. And what remote causes,operating from time immemorial through series of generations,had condemned her to the same insufficiency. Was the sap oflife also extinguished in her family?She had remembered that she had read somewhere thatChinese women in quaint flowered gowns would sing litaniesto the goddess of fecundity. Uh! that the same pagan angelof annunciation would enter her quiet home. And by a suddenwild impulse she plucked a big bunch of wisteria and calledout to the boy, "Do you want some more flowers?" The boy'shead appeared once more, smiling and nodding with a curiousmien. In feverish haste she hurried back and forth from theporch to the fence, with her arms full of blossoms and the littlefellow clapped his hands in glee.Then she looked with a half happy, yet painful smile at thedemolished flower wall, a silent symbol of her beautiful butempty revolt. She had sacrificed her favorite flowers for aflower that may never bloom in her life. OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One of the original 500 copies printed.This book, written by Oscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew York THE ONLY PRIVATE SCHOOL IN OUR VILLAGEMiss Cornelia Kingsland Barsow will re-open her school atTwenty-seven West Eleventh Street, on Thursday, October12th, for children between five and fourteen years of age.FIVE TEACHERS—ManuaI and Art Work—FRENCH.There prevails a delightful atmosphere of the school-roomin a private home.Rates reasonable. 14 Stories by Maupassant,For 35 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations incolor by Clare Victor Dwiggins. 1 6mo, stiff darkgreen paper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) NewYork, M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems, Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting cataligue of books. R. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the past twenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.Write for catalgoue and send one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from a public gravedigger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Square, New York City.