THE OCTOGENARIAN 125    himself; his lips moved with low- poken words.  IV  Reaching his street, he walked its length and in the same preoccupied mood, mounted the steps of his house. When he went in Mabel encountered him in the hall and addressed him sharply.  "Why are you so foolish!" she ex- claimed.  He stopped, still smiling, and stared at her.  "Oh, you know what I mean," she said. "Here it is, the first day you are out alone, and you stay so long that almost begin to think something had happened to you. I don't see why you have to give me so much worry and trouble. You don't seem to realize that you're not a young man any more. You've got to be mighty careful. I'm tired of worry over you!"  Her words jangled a little in his ears, but he did not comprehend their mean- ing, nor made any effort to catch a sig- nificance from her sentences. He still smiled. Turning slowly, he began to go upstairs.  "Don't sit down and go to sleep," she called. "Jim'll be home any min- ute now."  He reached the landing and passing-     through the hall turned in at his room.  Walking to his chair, he seated him- self with a sigh. He found that the exertions of the day had made him very tired. Sighing again, with content, he leaned back in the chair, permitting the old remembrances their full sway once more.  But now they were not entirely di- vorced from the present moment. In- termingled with the old days, that loomed somehow fabulous and strong in his mind, were the indignities of his later years; to these he gave a smile of indulgence. After all, he had lived more than these others--and their con- cerns were trivial. They had no re- sounding memories; they could not un- derstand.  A curious numbness came over his senses. He was extraordinarily tired. He closed his eyes. He seemed to sleep.  When Mabel called him, he did not answer. She screamed up the stairs; he gave her no response. Running up in anger, she entered his room. His eyes were still closed and all the colour had gone from his cheeks. And now the end bequeathed, as its last expres- sion, a venerable benignancy to his old face.  "Jim!" called the woman. "Jim! Come up here quick!"     The Evil Doers  By John F. Lord BOTH created untold agony for the human race; both sent many people to the asylums nervous wrecks; both increased many fold the unpleasant- ness of city life. Their works were dissimilar and yet alike. They could not rist without each other. One manufactured pianos. The other pianists.