66 REPETITION GENERALE    third cocktail has sent his acumen packing; the woman's third has brought her acumen back with a rush. She is lit, true enough--as lit as the man--but she is yet, by some esoteric phenomenon, again master of him and of the situation.  All of which is respectfully sub- mitted to such teetotaler moralists as believe that when a woman has had three cocktails she is completely in the villain's power and ripe for the Italianos.  3  Pathological Note.--The exact na- ture of disease is a matter that still gives pause to MM. the pathologists. All that may be said with certainty is that a given condition is an apparent departure from the normal or that it tends to destroy the organism and pro- duce death. As for mere abnormality, it would be rather absurd to assume that it is to be regarded, ipso facto, as regrettable. The perfectly normal human being, the absolutely average man, is surely anything but an ideal creature. A great many admittedly abnormal men, even in the direction of what is called disease, are his obvious superiors, and this class includes many so-called men of genius. As for the fact that disease tends to produce death, this is a matter of small signifi- cance. Life itself tends to produce death; living is a sort of gradual dying. All that distinguishes what is known as a healthy man from what is known as a diseased man is that the latter prom- ises to die sooner--and even this prob- ability is not always borne out by the event. Men afflicted with diseases re- garded as fatal often live so long that their physicians begin to regard them as personal enemies and poison them to get them out of the way.  The fact is that certain diseased states are very favourable to the higher functioning of the organism--more fa- vourable, indeed, than states of health. One of the diseases that American sailors were saved from during the late     war by the virtuous watchfulness of the Hon. Josephus Daniels is of such curious effect upon the mental powers that, under certain conditions, it would be much more sensible to call it a bene- fit than to call it a handicap. Tr[ue] enough, ninety-nine out of a hundred victims who show signs of its mental effect move toward insanity, but the hundredth moves toward genius. Beet- hoven, Nietzsche and Schopenhauer were such victims, if the word may be used of giants. The mild toxemia ac- companying the disease kept them keyed up to stupendous effort. All three died of it in the end, but while they lived it acted upon them like some extraordinarily powerful stimulant, and there is not the slightest doubt that their great achievements were at least partly due to it.  In this case, of course, ideas of loath- someness reinforce mere fear, and so most sane men would rather do with- out the stimulation than face the dis- ease. But there are other maladies, not popularly regarded as loathsome, which also seem to prick up the intellect. One of them is tuberculosis. It is perfectly possible that the superior mental de- velopment of the white races may be due to the fact that they have suffered from tuberculosis for many centuries. History shows a vast number of ex- traordinary consumptives, and it is common observation that even the stupidest man, once he is attacked by the tubercle bacilli, begins to exhibit unusual mental alertness. Perhaps the time will come when promising young men, instead of being protected from such diseases at all hazards, will be deliberately infected with them, just as soils are now inoculated with nitrogen- liberating bacteria.  This plan, of course, will tend to diminish the length of their days, but that will be no objection to it, for its aim will not be to improve the candi- dates quantitatively, but to improve them qualitatively. The science of hygiene, which is largely in the hands of gushers and quacks, lays too much stress upon mere longevity, and when