118 HEAVENLY SOPHISTS    before, of what women think. Your generalizations plainly show how blind you are to the forces that govern hu- man society, so go right on and strengthen my contempt for you."  "I was about to point out," Rockett continued calmly, "that most women can be classified in so far as they make the pleasures of life tolerable, as witty, wise, ugly, comely, intellectual, vulgar, discreet and sometimes, but rarely, in- telligent."  "Unquestionably you are a profound ass!" cried Primrose, "and I can waste no more time on you. First you tell me not to generalize about women and then you go ahead and do so. You are a disgrace to the reputable name of so- ciety and if these were the days when manslaughter was common, I should unhesitatingly kill you. Your explana- tions of your conduct with my wife, or I should say misconduct, are incredible. Now my married life is a farce. I shall have to simulate an affection for my wife-"  "She won't notice the difference," Rockett interjected.  --"and respect her, although it will be very hard for me to do."  "By all means keep things as they were before," said Rockett, arising painfully from the gravel the moment Primrose stood up. "Live up to your moral code, for it is far more important that you remain a man of principle than that you stray enjoyably from the road of exemplary social conduct."  "I'm not ashamed of my obligations to people," said Primrose. "Maybe that's why I'm so stupid."  "Undoubtedly," said Rockett.  "And being stupid, I can't fathom my wife's purpose in speaking disdain- fully of you. She did that frequently, now that I think of it."  "Then you should have become sus- picious of me long before this," said Rockett. "Your wife is comely. Lack-     ing practically all the other virtues, she was obliged to resort to the most ob- vious subterfuges. It is very common for some women to deride the men whose welfare they secretly worry over. I don't know whether you get my mean- ing, but one of the stories that Mrs. Primrose enjoyed told the experiences of Queen Hippolyte, wife of Acastus, king of Iolchos, who accused Peleus, their guest, of making violent demon- strations of affection for her simply be- cause he had disdained her own over- tures to him.  "Now don't get excited," continued Rockett hastily; "Hippolyte was an aw- ful sneak and had a private grievance against her husband. Possibly that's Why she is said to have been witty."  "Well, I'm sorry my wife wasn't sufficiently sympathetic," said Primrose. "After all, the entire matter is hardly worth a second thought."  "Not even a first," said Rockett.  Mrs. Primrose laughed just then. She startled both men, for they had been unaware of her presence.  "I felt sure you would shoot him," she said wistfully, to her husband, "but I suppose I'm not worth killing a man for."  "I should say not," said Primrose un- comfortably, as he handed Rockett a cigar.  Mrs. Primrose regarded the men with much amusement.  She smiled cynically.  "I heard every word of your conver- sation. I followed you both and stopped at the skylight-stairs."  "Did he tell the truth regarding you?" inquired Primrose.  "Well, he forgot to say that I found him not at all exciting," she said.  Primrose laughed.  "But you agree with me, don't you?" Rockett asked mournfully.  "Come down to tea," said Mrs. Primrose. "You are a pair of fools."