WHAT IS ISN'T 39    "It is far from safe to pin one's faith to the obvious."  That would be Lilligore's text. It was so obvious that a letter-carrier could have no use for a legal document which did not concern him that it never entered Manning's mind to consider him. Nor was it less obvious that a window-cleaner was not a man to take away a volume of law reports. And what could be more obvious than that a man who, having started to leave an office, returns for his umbrella, goes out directly he has secured it? You take it for granted. You'd wager your life on it. You'd be positive even that you saw him go.  In other words, from certain given facts we take other facts for granted. We say "this is," or "that is." But to learn later that what is, very often, isn't.  Lee Calvert, apparently, must have killed Elliot Holland. There was, seemingly, no other conclusion. No one else could possibly have got into that room. And he had a motive for de- siring his death. Even had Arrow- smith's motive been known, he must be absolved, because he was absent at the time. No wonder that first jury con- victed.  But now it was different. A doubt, at least, had been raised. And the finding of a file in the Gardener Broth- ers' storeroom identical with that found blood-stained beneath Elliot Holland's desk had lost all its significance, seeing that such files were apparently scattered all over Manhattan Island.  Yes, Owen Wills had no doubt what- ever now that Lee Calvert would be ac- quitted. The Judge himself would re- fuse to accept a verdict otherwise. It would not be in keeping with the evi- dence.  So, in so far as freeing his friend went, his work was finished. But there was now a supplementary labor before him. Lee Calvert must be absolved as well as acquitted. The real culprit must be brought to book. And the real culprit, he felt sure, was waiting here in the anteroom, trepidantly a-tremble     in all probability, because of what Leda --his Leda--had told him of her brief examination.  But when he opened the anteroom door it was to find the room empty. In the corridor he came upon the offi- cer who had had the witnesses in charge.  "What have you done with them?" he asked.  "Nothing, sir. The woman testified and I understood the man wasn't to be called. I heard Mr. Lilligore say that you were his last witness. They asked if they might go, and I let them."  Wills descended in the elevator to the ground floor and crossed the street to the saloon on the corner. It was an even chance that he'd find them in the back room. But they were not.  He took a taxicab across town to the Ninth Avenue Elevated and traveled northward, alighting at Twenty-third Street, whence he walked two blocks to their lodgings.  They were not there. For a long while he stood on the corner watching for their return. While he waited a newsboy came by, bawling an "extra." He bought the paper and saw in great headlines:  "CALVERT ACQUITTED!"  * * * *  It was between ten and eleven that same night when Owen Wills rang the doorbell of the Holland home in East Sixty-first Street and handing a carte de visite to the maid who responded asked for Mrs. Holland. He waited in the small reception room, to the left of the entrance hall, in which Lee Cal- vert had so restlessly paced on a cer- tain October afternoon six months be- fore. Waited to be eventually led up the same broad, curving staircase and along the same softly carpeted corridor to the same dOor.  In the little room that was like a hol- lowed opal Bianca and Lee were to- gether. Their countenances seemed transfigured. And Owen caught in his heart a reflection of the radiance. Their joy overflowed. Their gratitude was too profound, too poignant for words.