THE BEANSTALK 85    dive--deep with the sun's first days I'd [s]ink, down through that water.  THE GIRL Yes--yes.  JACK They did not wish me to run. They wished me to go at dawn to the mill, and at noon, still they would hold me they would hold me at the mill. But at [n]oon I was far away, where the berries hang red and full on the briars, and the grass grows cool in the shade of for- ests and woodlands without an end. And at night, though sometimes I danced on the square, I sought rather, yonder, the strange black ways where only the stars will venture to guide, where the gnomes grope forth from their mines in doubt whether flowers that last but a day have a charm their gold has not also.  THE GIRL And they did not wish to allow you this?  JACK They told me I must be wise--that I must learn the precepts of the sages, that I must build myself a red-tiled house and toil at day to make the grain grow rich and ripe. They talked so much of what this world is. But do I not know as much as they of this world? Do I not know of the depths of the pool, of the flat purple lilies that grow in the marsh, and the drawings of shadows the evenings make? And their precepts-, why what do they tell of the rain in your face, or the touching of hands in the dance? I was young and they warned me of living. Is to be young a time only to learn to be old in.   THE GIRL (shaking her head fiercely) They did not understand you.  JACK But you--? Why have you left your country?  THE GIRL In my book, this book, I wrote my thoughts, the thoughts that stole to me     in the night, that creep over the grey hills to me, that the wings of the swal- lows told me. Oh, it is a great wisdom. But they would not listen to me.  JACK (in amazement) They would not listen to you?  THE GIRL I went to the councillors, and I stood before their great council tables where they pondered their affairs of state, and I told them the magic of play, and the truths of unbelievable things, of the prayers in children's gestures, and the wisdom in old women's eyes. I told them the love that a soldier has for an enemy's strength, and the nimble way a laughing word could make them friends forever. I begged them to seek that beauty that huddles beyond palace gates. I told them the gospel of streets and of common troubled peo- ple. And I told them the unsaid things in the stories they told them- selves.   JACK History?  THE GIRL Yes--history. What it was the Sleeping Beauty feared when the Prince wakened her, why it was Cin- derella danced best of all her last dance --and the music that each strand of hair played to Rapunzel's lover.  JACK You must have helped them greatly in their counsels.  THE GIRL They were too old. They would not listen. And at last I took my book and came away. I could not live in a land where the wise would not listen, and the young might not speak.  JACK Ah--it is that way in all worlds.  THE GIRL But I shall make them listen in your world.