WHAT IS ISN'T 5    could come of it. A delirium of joy and--"  "Yes. And--what?"  "The awakening. Exiles. Satiety. Reproaches. Probably hate."  "Nonsense! That's only a morbid fancy."  "I'm sorry you think so, Lee. But it's the only way I can see it. Intui- tion tells me we must wait."  For the briefest moment he sat gaz- ing at her in wistful silence. Never had she appeared to him so beautiful, so adorably desirable. His whole being ached to possess her. The subtle per- fume she exhaled, like the scent of flowers, warm and sweet, intoxicated him. Then, abruptly, his arms were about her, he had drawn her close, his lips were avidly upon hers. And swift as winged darts the ardent seconds sped.  It was she, at length, who all at once drew away, startled.  "I heard something," she whispered.  Calvert's smile was indulgent.  "You're full of fancies today, dar- ling," he told her softly.  But she lifted a cautioning finger. "No," she breathed, still nervous with alarm. "Someone jarred the door."  "A draft probably."  Already she was on her feet and crossing the room. Precipitately she turned the knob, drawing the door in- ward. The corridor was empty.  "You see," he said.  "Still, I'm unconvinced," was her re- joinder.  Again he smiled. "You are morbid today."  "But if Elliot should come in unex- pectedly! Think of it."  "Very well. Suppose he should. All the better. He'd learn for himself then what you refuse to tell him."  "That wbuld be far worse," she de- clared. "There is but one way, as I've told you. We must wait."  "For what? Until when?"  "I've already told you for what. We've spoken of it many times. How can I say when? But it won't be long, dear. I feel that."     "Your feeling isn't much to tie to. We may have to wait for years for the apoplexy he's been cautioned against."  "I won't talk of it," she said, drop- ping limply into a chair.  "Because you really have no more faith in it than I. Vanderslice is an alarmist. And Holland's right in giv- ing his warning little heed. He's too young a man to have brittle arteries. Forty-five isn't old any more."  "Oh, why will you make me go over that again?" She had turned to him imploringly. "Dr. Vanderslice is not an alarmist. He named a dozen men at least we've known, no older than Elliot, who went in that way. But he refuses to be careful. He eats and drinks what he likes, takes practically no exercise, and makes no effort what- ever to control his temper. There can, I tell you, be but one end. I've urged him to be careful until I--"  Calvert, frowning, caught her up.  "You've urged him?" he cried.  "Naturally. Would you have me do otherwise?"  "I couldn't have done it."  "That's the one reason why I've asked you not to come here. If you should meet what might not happen? This way my conscience is clear."  "My conscience is less sensitive." And once more a smile--this time but a faint one--lifted slightly the corners of his sensitive clean-shaven mouth.  "Lee!"  "Oh, I admit it. Why lie? Natu- rally I want him out of the way. He's standing in the middle of the road to my happiness and yours. We might push him aside, but you won't have that. You are determined that we shan't go on until he's dead. It is you, my dear, who make that condition. Not I."  Again Adam was blaming Eve for his temptation. But, if Eve had any defense ready, she was prevented from voicing it by the falling at that moment of a light tap on the door. Calvert im- pulsively sprang up. But it was only a maid with tea.