136 CRITICISM AT A GALLOP   the cruel captain of industry who learns to see the light through Little Hedwig, a street waif. . . . From his very first appearance on the stage in " Camille," his training for farce has therefore been well-planned and thorough. His work in the farce in point is smooth, agreeable, comical -- with just a suspicion of self-bur- lesque. The farce itself is the custom- ary recutting of the long familiar French pattern, with the customary sur- reptitious luncheon taking the place of the transmarine adultery. The dia- logue is without lustre.  "The Dancer" is the unacknowl- edged adaptation by Edward Locke of an Hungarian comedy-drama of the same title produced several years ago in the original at the Irving Place Theater. Mr. Locke's adaptation has been further adapted by the Messrs. Marcin and Anspacher. The net re- sult of these various labours is a zeal- ously Americanized version of what was in the original a not particularly interesting revamping of the thrice- told tale of temperamental clash be- tween Bohemian and Puritan. The play's casting is on a par with that of the Democratic party.  "The Girl in the Limousine" is a reboiling of "Up In Mabel's Room" by Wilson Collison and Avery Hop- wood. The latter, it begins to look, is selling his artistic soul to the highest bidder. He is devoting his talents to the manufacture of lucrative slops. He is walking the dramatic streets. And yet he confesses that he already has saved, and has tucked away in the bank, more than $150,000! "Where's Your Wife," by M. and Mme. T. G. Springer and M. Joseph Noel, is at bottom the bewhiskered conte of the person who overhears a man and woman in an adjoining room discuss- ing the killing of a dog, a sparrow or what not and jumps to the conclusion that murder has been committed. What has here been derived is amateurish and humourless farce.  "Too Many Husbands" is slender and occasionally amusing ormolu by     the most curious of British Jekyll- Hydes, W. Somerset Maugham. It amounts in the main to a brace of roguish situations embellished with the perfectly amiable, if not witty, stage dialogue for which Maugham is familiar. The novelist Maugham and the dramatist Maugham rarely appear in public in each other's company. The novelist Maugham is an artist. The dramatist Maugham is a Piccadilly Clyde Fitch. The present comedy, concerned with a woman who inad- vertently commits bigamy, is excellent- ly played by the Messrs. Lawrence Grossmith and Kenneth Douglas in the roles of the husbands and let down with a loud thud by Miss Estelle Win- wood in the role of the wife.  "His Honour Abe Potash" is a Yid- dish version of George Broadhurst's "The Man of the Hour" by Montague Glass and Jules Goodman. It contains some good round laughs and gives Mr. Barney Bernard another opportunity for one of his supremely adroit char- acterizations. "The Luck of the Navy" is vociferous German spy melo- drama imported from England. "Five O'Clock" is a boobish dramatization by the actor Frank Bacon of Freeman Tilden's amusing story called "The Defective", published in this magazine seven years ago. I shall probably have something more to say of the play in a future chapter.  VIII  The circumstance that there ap- peared in the theater a person who knew more about writing English than about writing what are called plays once again contrived to dumfound and overawe the reviewers and the public in the in- stance of Miss Zoe Akins and her "Declassee." The story of Tarkington and his "Clarence" was here repeated. The consequent turgescence in the newspapers reached the old Tody Ham- ilton mark. It was wonderful to be- hold. The Times literally tore off its chemise, jumped on the sofa and bounced itself up and down in an or- giastic frenzy. The Tribune, ordin-