4 WHAT IS ISN'T   For reply she gave him her hand, and its soft, warm pressure said very dis- tinctly:  "I know. I understand."  Stepping past him, she closed the door, and spoke actually.  "Here, Lee, we shall be quite safe from interruption."  Against the wall to the right was a dainty little sofa-like thing of white en- amel and lavender satin, whereon they sat down.  "I've tried, Bee," he said, dismally. "It's no use. I can't keep my promise. For twenty-four hours I've been in pur- gatory. Either you must find some way of getting out of going or release me from my promise not to follow you."  "But, my dear," she rejoined, not unkindly, "don't you see how impos- sible either is? What would happen?"  "You mean your husband's sus- picions would be confirmed?"  "Unquestionably."  "Well! Let them. Better still, tell him the truth. Confess you no longer love him. Ask him to free you."  "Oh, my dear!"  It was not the first time he had asked her this--no, nor the hundredth--but never before had so much hung be- tween consent and refusal. In the two years of their love--of their passion, mutually avowed, yet ungratified and wrapped in what they had believed to be an impenetrable secrecy--there had been only the briefest separations. A week had measured the longest. And for being mostly behind a veil their meetings were all the sweeter. In the clandestine there is zest.  But there had come a time now when, some whisper or some intuitive convic- tion of the truth having penetrated, at least vaguely, to the Elliot Holland con- sciousness, Bianca was, after but five days' warning, to be taken abroad.  To Calvert, therefore, her exclama- tory protest in response to this ultimate and paramount voicing of his old ap- peal was like a sudden knife-thrust at his last hope. He winced visibly, and a swift color dyed his cheeks to the temples. The next instant, though, the     flush receded; and he bent forward, burying his face in his palms.  Into Bianca's expressive eyes there came then a cloud of pity masking the starshine. It was with a gesture of pleading that she laid, yearningly, a hand upon his slanted shoulder.  "Lee!" she murmured. "Don't! Please don't!"  She could feel the slow, deep rhythm of his breathing. And it seemed to her the full-pulsed throbbing of his heart in pain. He gave her no reply, and she went on:  "I'd do it--oh, so willingly, so glad- ly!--if there were the tiniest use. But I know him so well. It would only make matters worse--a thousand times worse."  "Worse?" he echoed into his cupped palms. "As if anything could be!"  "But, think, dear. It's not for long. Two months perhaps. Three at the most. He must be back by the middle of January. There's a--"  He straightened quickly and turned to her, his eyes blazing.  "Look at me!" he cried, sternly. "Look at me, and say that again!" She looked at him, and, looking, quailed. Her gaze fell and she sat mute.  "Three months not long!" he repeat- ed. "Not long? One month to me would be eternity. If you loved me half as much as I love you you couldn't think of it."  Her eyes narrowed. The line of her lips straightened. She held her breath as if in pain.  "Do you want to drive me quite mad?" he went on. "I'm not-far from it now."  Abruptly she recovered herself.  "It's because I love you so dearly that I can face it bravely. If I had no thought but my own selfish desires, I'd have been yours long ago. Wholly yours. We'd have been at the world's end by now."  "Would to God we were!" he re- turned fervently.  "Oh, don't say that!" she begged. "You know that no lasting happiness