WHAT IS ISN'T 27    in his own office, and the pink of smart- ness, flashed to her approval and en- couragement. It was as though he said: "Be frank. The truth can harm neither of us."  And Bianca, her regard still hover- ing, said "Yes," in answer to the Dis- trict Attorney's question.  "But you saw each other after that?"  "Yes."  "When and where?"  "The following day between one and two, at Giro's restaurant."  "He didn't plead with you then to give up your trip?"  "No."  "He seemed more resigned. Was that it?"  "He didn't seem resigned."  "How did he seem? Nervous?"  "He appeared distressed--more dis- tressed than ever--at the prospect of my going."  "But he never once asked you not to?"  "No."  "Didn't that strike you as peculiar?"  "No. We settled that definitely the day before."  "You settled it definitely? He knew the day before that there was no hope of your retracting?"  "Yes."  "You'd never given him any hope on previous occasions, had you?"  "No."  "But that didn't stop him, did it?"  "No."  The District Attorney took a step nearer to the witness.  "Did he speak to you at luncheon about his call on your husband that morning?"  "Yes."  "What did he say about it?"  "He merely told me that he had gone there to deliver a letter of credit."  "Didn't he say how your husband received him? Was he cold? Was he polite? Was there a quarrel?"  "I remember him saying that Mr. Holland seemed vexed."  "What made him say that? Did he     tell you how he exhibited his vexa- tion?"  "He spoke of him flushing, I think. Of his face being red."  "That suggested apoplexy, of course."  "Naturally."  "Did he say anything about him be- ing likely to die of apoplexy?"  "He knew that Mr. Holland's physi- cian had cautioned him in that respect."  "You're sure of that?"  "Quite sure. I told him myself."  "And you remember, of course, that when your husband's body was first discovered it was supposed he had died of an apoplectic seizure?"  "Yes."  "Well, now, Mrs. Holland, I want you to tell me candidly if you do not now regard it as a peculiar coincidence that your friend, coming to you direct from your husband's office, where in fact your husband was lying dead, sup- posedly of apoplexy, at that moment, and had been so lying before this friend could have left the office building, should have spoken of his flushing, of his being vexed, of his face being red, and, for the first time since learning of your proposed going abroad, not have put in a final plea for you to forego that European visit?"  Marvin Lilligore was on his feet be- fore the question was concluded.  "Don't answer, Mrs. Holland," he cautioned, and addressing the Court: "I object, your honor. How the wit- ness may or may not regard the testi- mony is not admissible as evidence."  The objection was sustained, just as the District Attorney knew it would be. Yet he had, notwithstanding, managed by his question to get his desired inti- mation before the jury. Later, in cross- examination, Marvin Lilligore might strive to obliterate its effect; but the reasoning was too sound, he believed, not to weigh against the accused.  CHAPTER IX  It is the practice of many of the more successful legal practitioners, in direct examination as well as in cross-exami-