48 TWILIGHT OF LOVE    when they kissed again, she looked into his eyes gravely.  "I've wanted a lover for a long time," she said. "First I wanted a young lover, and no one came. I used to go out-of-doors at night and walk and walk, and then I hoped that I'd find an adventure. But everything was common and I would come back home almost sick. I feel safe with you . . . you know some of the disappointments of life!"  He kissed her again and waved to her as she stood at the door watching him go down the street, but her final words had chilled him a little. A part of her charm was spoiled for the mo- ment; there was some return to his first impressions of her, when he had felt at once her insufficiency, her almost old- maidish pathos. Her confession had sullied a part of the glamour, deprived him of some portion of his pride. His role was not so much that of one who conquered miraculously, in spite of the oppressive years, but of one who was accepted with pathetic eagerness, be- cause there were no others.  Presently, however, this cloud to his pleasure was dissipated by warmer recollections, and the charm of the hours in prospect. When he reached his rooms he was smiling.  Before retiring he looked at himself earnestly, in the glass, measuring his face against his age. The study seemed to satisfy him, for he was still smiling as he turned out the light and stepped into bed.  III  The next morning he wrote his first love letter since the days of his youth; this was a profound pleasure. In the afternoon he went to his club and found the old fellows there strangely agree- able, since they seemed so inferior to himself. They were old, and their words and acts acknowledged the fact; he had a secret they could never understand. Someone told him he was looking ex- ceptionally well and asked for the ad- dress of his doctor; he laughed at the ass, but said nothing.     That evening they went out together to dinner and once more he found her wholly charming. The moment of doubt, the pathetic moment, with which the first evening had been clouded, was gone and made no return. When they entered the restaurant she slipped her hand through his arm and he was proud of their advance through the aisle of tables. It seemed to him that many men must envy him, especially those who were old, in the full sense, with their youth gone forever; he was not old!  This was the initiation of some months of entire delight. They did all that young lovers would do; they walked arm in arm through the streets; they motored out into the country and dined together in the obscure dining rooms of village inns; they went to the theaters and afterwards visited the cabarets. Sometimes they remained at home and read stories out of the maga- zines to each other.  He still strolled into his club from time to time, but no one knew of his love affair. It seemed impossible to confide this, although his secret knowl- edge of it never failed to establish his sense of superiority. But to make the others know of his luck--he shrank from that. On this point his feelings were complex. He felt them for the first time on one of those occasions when he and Virginia were having din- ner together.  They had gone to a roof garden and during the progress of the dinner he was surprised to see one of the old fel- lows of his club come in with another man, a stranger. Suddenly he devel- oped a desire to remain unobserved; the girl across the table was smiling at him with affectionate glances; he did not want this idiot to see her.  In a measure, he was ashamed, ashamed that the other might suspect his response to these languorous smiles. His wish was attained; the two men passed without observing him or the girl. Afterwards he accused himself of a certain baseness, because of his unexpected shame.