WHAT IS ISN'T 7    taurant with a high-class Italian clien- tle. Outwardly unpretentious, snug- gled cozily between taller brownstone fronts on a cross-street off Broadway in the vicinity of Lincoln Square, it is of another world from that of Park Avenue and its nabobs, which is but little less than a mile to the eastward. Yet rarely does the Italian ambassador forego at least one dinner at Giro's on the occasions of his metropolitan visits, and the prince of operatic tenors is a regular patron.  As a rendezvous for young Calvert and Bianca Holland it very nearly ap- proached the ideal. While near enough to their homes to be convenient of ac- cess, detection was the most remote of possibilities, yet it provided invariably a variedly delicious menu and the serv- ice was as enticingly perfect as that of the smartest restaurant in the city.  On the day following his indiscreet visit to the Holland home Calvert ar- rived at Giro's some minutes in advance of the appointed hour of one. As was his habit, he avoided the larger front room, preferring to reach the smaller one in the rear by means of the con- necting side-passage, rather than risk the thousandth chance of recognition.  Their table--the one to which they had been directed on their initial visit, more than a year ago and which on sub- sequent occasions he had invariably re- served by telephone--was located in a partially curtained alcove, and not un- til he was under the alcove arch did he see that it was unoccupied.  In his impatience, overestimating the time involved in the journey from his Wall Street office, he imagined himself late, and the absence of Bianca, in its first effect, was a sickening let-down.  "If nothing happens," she had said.  And there recurred to him too that phrase of hers: "We are on the knees of the gods."  But, consulting his watch, he was re- assured. She had still six minutes.  He sat down and of the hovering waiter ordered a cocktail. When it was brought and he had drunk it and lighted a cigarette, he heard a clock     in the front room strike one. From that moment he began counting the minutes. The fact that she was rarely punctual somehow gave him little con- solation. Today was not like other days.  "If you are not there at one," he had told her, "I'll come here."  He had meant that. He still meant it. But he must, he supposed, give her some grace. It would only mess things up to go,and miss her. The question was: how long should he wait?  He contented himself for five min- utes, his eyes fastened on the edge of the curtain in constant expectation. Then he gave her five minutes more. When it was half gone he resolved that he would not wait beyond the quarter- hour.  He began tapping on the table with the edge of the menu-card, estimating each tap as a second. In this way he counted two minutes more. He had begun on the third minute when she came.  Curiously enough, he was actually surprised to see her. His hope had be- come attenuated to that degree. He rose but he had no words.  "I'm awfully sorry," she was saying, "but I couldn't get here a second soon- er. At the last minute Cecile insisted on another fitting of one of my frocks, and I was late getting to her because-- But you must know, yourself, Lee, how it is. There are always a hundred things to do the last day."  "So long as you're here it's all right," he smiled. "But I nearly had the wil- lies waiting."  He had forestalled the waiter by tak- ing her wrap and drawing out her chair for her. And now, when she was seat- ed, he availed himself of the opportu- nity, still standing behind her, to touch with appreciatively caressing hand the velvet of her throat and cheek.  By neither a jot nor tittle had he re- ceded from his determination of the previous day to follow her abroad, whether or no. But he had no inten- tion to mar their luncheon hour by in- troducing the subject before dessert.