WHAT IS ISN'T 25    jury-selection, now and then glanced observantly at him without seeming to do so. And he took in all and more than is here recorded. Indeed, on that first day, he had noticed in crowding past him, that he exhaled an unmistak- able smell of alcohol; and after that the only change was in variation of degree.  That which drew Wills's attention most fixedly upon his neighbor was an inarticulate something that escaped him on the first day when Calvert, under guard, took his place in the dock. It was more in the nature of a gasp--a suppressed gasp--Wills thought, than anything else. But whether it indi- cated surprise or pity or dismay it was difficult for him to determine. Out of the corner of his eye he tried to gather something more from the man's ex- pression, without any positive success. He ascertained only that his gaze con- tinued fixed upon the prisoner with an unfaltering intensity. A more casual observer than Wills would probably have divined that he was endeavoring to decide, in advance of the evidence, whether Calvert was innocent or guilty. But the young lawyer had a theory which militated against such a con- clusion. And, as in partial justification of this, it was but a minute or so later that the gazer turned to him with:  "Good-looking chap, isn't he? His portraits in the papers haven't done him justice. Don't wonder he made a hit with Holland's wife."  For answer Wills nodded pleasantly, wihout opening his lips. It was, never- theless, the beginning of an acquaint- ance which was to ripen as the trial progressed.  So thoroughly had the case been fea- tured in the newsprints that the Dis- trict Attorney's outline of it to the jury presented nothing that was not already common property. And those who hung on his words, hoping and expect- ing some sensational revelation had small reward. As ultimately developed, however, there were generalities in the arraignment which were of such lati- tude as to include certain effective sur-     prises, cleverly reserved for the wit- ness stand, undiscounted by so much as a suggestion in advance.  They came in the second stage of the State's presentation, when, having proved the corpus delicti, it became in- cumbent to establish a strongly impell- ing motive, seeing that there was no single actual witness to the commission of the crime.  That Bianca Holland would be called for this purpose had been, as already stated, rather widely rumored. And, in connection with the rumor, it was believed by the many who had followed the matter from the first that her testi- mony would be chiefly as to the luncheon at Giro's on the day of the murder, and, generally, concerning her relations with the accused. Certainly, even the most sensationally imaginative could hardly have foreseen what was prepared for them, including not mere- ly the bolt from the blue furnished by Bianca herself, with lowered eyes and in a voice so faint as to be nearly in- audible, but the corroboration from a member of her own household as well as from her deceased husband's brother.  There had been something more than a distinctly audible stir in the court- room when her name was called. There had been a susuration--starting faintly like a faint whisper of the wind in a forest--and rising to a murmur as of rushing waters. Old Judge McCready his abundant white hair seeming to bristle and his clear blue eyes snapping, rapped thunderously for order. And the voices were stilled.  The silence following was one of a strained expectancy.  Then, suddenly, there was a slight recurrence. Necks were craned. At the back of the room a man stood up. A dozen followed his example. In an instant more than half the assemblage was on its feet.  A door to the right, behind the jury box, had opened and a black, close- fitting toque, draped with a widow's veil, had become visible.  Again the Court's gavel echoed re-