What Is Isn't  (A Complete Novelette)  By Charles Stokes Wayne    CHAPTER I  WHEN Lee Calvert, defying a discretion hitherto regarded as obligatory, rang boldly the door- bell of the Elliot Holland home in East Sixty-first Street, and, having asked for Mrs. Holland, handed the servant his carte de visite, he forged a link in the chain which was eventually to shackle him.  That he did it unwittingly, not being gifted with ability accurately to foresee the future, is scarcely worth consider- ing, since an infallible prescience would probably not have deterred him. Cir- cumstances had arisen which he felt made the call imperative. Conse- quences, likely or unlikely--such was the emotional turmoil of the moment-- he had no thought for.  Save, however, for an unusual pal- lor, there was nothing in his appearance to indicate the nervous strain he was undergoing. A rather tall, well-pro- portioned young man, noticeably good- looking, carefully--almost meticulously --groomed and smartly dressed, the gaze of his blue-grey eyes as it met the enquiring look of the maid was unwa- veringly direct, and the movement of his gloved hand in presenting the card was markedly steady.  But, waiting in the small reception- room to the left of the entrance hall, and released from observation, his self- command was less perfect. Still hold- ing his hat and walking-stick, he moved about restlessly, with bent head and furrowed brow. In the five minutes' interval before the maid's return he twice glanced at his watch, and for the     first time a fear loomed that Bianca might decline to see him.  This, though, was eventually dissi- pated. It ended in his being led up a broad, curving staircase and along a softly carpeted corridor to an open door before which his guide halted and, with a gracefully indicative gesture, stepped aside.  The next instant he was facing Bi- anca Holland.  In every conceivable sense this wom- an was to Calvert the most desirable of God's creatures. Even the more in- different men conceded her beauty and her charm. Nearly as tall as himself, her figure had all the slender, sinuous symmetry of a hamadryad, its lines en- hanced now by the teagown she was wearing: a pale, filmy fabric which seemed to hold in its folds the faint silver grey of earliest dawn, just as the night seemed captive in her hair, and starshine in the depths of her large, dark, languorous eyes.  The room, though he failed to ob- serve it, was a fit setting for this jewel he so highly prized. It was cosily small, half boudoir and half library, with no striking, glaring color any- where, but a blending of tints that sug- gested nothing so much as a great hol- lowed-out opal.  Before either uttered a word he had read in her look--in her shadowy smile, in the faint parting of her sensuous, sensitive lips--not reproach, but ques- tion. In this wise he answered it:  "I had to come. There was no other way."