Lost Love  By Morris Dallett    I  I SAW Suzanne's wide eye before she caught sight of me, and by the time she had recognized in a black suit and yellow hat--which drew at- tention away from greying hair--the ambling playwright of three years he- fore, I had marked her drooping mouth and the rouge on her lips. I had noted, too, the slant to her hat and the pretty brown ringlets of hair beneath. In truth, I had remarked the fact that Suzanne was almost exactly the same girl who had left the musical comedy stage some time before to marry a young friend of mine. And I was sur- prised that she had not changed.  I never had understood the affair: she was a very fast girl--a bad girl as I had known her--and he was actu- ally prudish. To see them, one could have understood an affair, but surely not marriage.  So I was glad when Suzanne recog- nized me and waved a prettily gloved hand from across the sidewalk.  "Hello!" she called.  I sauntered over to her, and stam- mered a little breathlessly:  "How are you?"  "Hungry," she answered, and slipped her hand through my arm. "Take me to luncheon."  I willingly hurried her into the near- est cafe.  The head-waiter, who had known me in my earlier days, seeing whom I was with, led us to a nicely secluded table. He looked surprised.  "Am I as old as all that?" I mur- mured, changing my hat check from a trouser into a vest pocket.     "I come here several times a week and he recognized me," she smiled back, and began taking off her gloves. I looked at her again.  The gloves were long and bright red, matching in colour a belt around her waist and a cluster of cherries on the little hat. The dress itself was black, knitted like a sweater. The heels of her shoes were red, like the gloves and her lips: that I had noticed before.  I was trying to find out the condi- tion of her hands when she turned to me suddenly and said:  "You look so well I know you haven't been writing lately."  I smiled all over, admitting the fact while ordering luncheon.  "Sorry I can't buy you anything de- cent to drink," I said.  "Do you want something to drink?"  "World without end, amen."  She called a waiter to her side and talked to him. He seemed to under- stand, and hurried off.  "I have a little gin left," she went on, turning back to me, "and they are going to put it into a lemonade for us."  I stumbled through a prayer of thanks and asked the obvious question with my eyes.  "Oh, then you haven't been hear- ing about me?"  "No. I have been away."  "I've been divorced from Curtis for three months."  "Really?"  "Yes. Almost four months now."  "Ah!"  "You aren't very surprised."  "I expected something of the sort."  "Why?"   75