THE DAWN 63    of her mother's arms there were com- mingled a pathos of remembrance, of hope, of fear, of resignation. It was almost a silent caress of parting, when words are not said, lest they loose the hysteria of tears. It acknowledged a barrier, yet established a sympathy. Then Ruth knew that her mother un- derstood.  A moment later her mother left the room, and almost unconsciously she wandered out into the garden. Only a faint light remained, flushing in the western sky, the lingering ghost of the departed day. It was the hour of hush; the crickets were not yet singing. A few feet in the air, close to the lower branches of a tree, a school of gnats danced their last figure before the night.  She had been there only a few mo- ments when she heard quick footsteps in the grass. Without turning, she knew that Walter had seen her and was coming. An intuitive certainty told her that he had been watching, waiting for her appearance.  His nearness gave her none of her old fears, no former trepidation. An     immeasurable experience seemed to lie between that last encounter and the sec- ond of this hour. She was even indif- ferent. She comprehended Walter--he was no mystery. A schoolboy. It was almost childish to talk to him.  "Hello!" he said. "I'm awfully glad you've come back. Terribly slow around here!"  In the dusk she smiled wanly, in- scrutably. He looked at her face and something in her expression, this new, mysterious pose, puzzled him, shook his assurance. His easy words died on his lips. He stood in front of her awk- wardly, holding his hat in his hands.  "Let us take a little walk," she said.  She moved off across the lawn and, sheep-like, he followed at her side. In a moment her languor passed, yet a cer- tain melancholy persisted. There was no mystery in him--but there was ex- citement: the excitement of tormenting him, of fooling him, of stirring the emo- tions of his wanting.  This was her role and now she under- stood it; at last her heart had the knowl- edge of her power and her cunning. Now she was a woman.     The Lake  By Frances O. J. Gaither  THE west wind blew again last night And swept the water hyacinths in . . . Now yellow sands go blue bedight Like some embroidered mandarin.   A MELANCHOLY man is one who has remembered more than he has forgotten.