28 WHAT IS ISN'T    nation, to spring without warning from one topic or feature of their case to another of distinctly contrasting inter- est. The District Attorney had passed very lightly over the matter of Bianca Holland's relations with Lee Calvert. He had apparently been satisfied with her responses to the effect that she had known him very well for two years, and she had experienced no little relief at being let off so easily. But almost on top of his failure to get upon the rec- ord an opinion from her as to the sig- nificance his point gathered from the incident at Giro's he took her at one bound back to that question of rela- tions.  With a pretense of kindly considera- tion he prefaced his query with a state- ment as to her privilege. If to answer would tend to degrade or incriminate her she was at liberty to refuse on that ground. And then he shot his bolt:  "Were, or were not, your relations with the prisoner at the bar meretri- cious?"  Bianca seemed to quiver and then wilt under the impact. Her lids drooped, her hands gripped the arms of her chair. She had been sitting up, rather tense. She slipped back until she rested against the woven cane net- work behind her. Shame dyed her cheeks.  Her counsel indignantly voiced his objection. The District Attorney com- bated it, and the Court sustained him.  The question was repeated.  "They were not," Bianca murmured.  "Merely platonic?" A sneer accom- panied the words.  The witness was silent. And this time Judge McCready came to her res- cue.  "I think," he said, "that the witness has already made it clear that she re- gards the word 'meretricious' at one pole and the term 'platonic' at the other. She will admit, I believe, a happy mean."  The District Attorney bowed.  "I am grateful to your Honor," he said. "I shall be glad to accept the witness's definition of just what the re-     lations were. But I may add that I purpose to prove there was more than a mere brotherly and sisterly affection existing."  He turned again to the witness.  "Do you admit that, Mrs. Holland?" he asked.  Bianca's "Yes" was just audible.  "The prisoner was in the habit of kissing you, embracing you?"  The audience strained to catch her answer.  "We were and are very much in love with each other."  Very clearly, with perfect enuncia- tion and telling emphasis, in a voice of infinite refinement and melody, yet with an unmistakable pride--glorying, in- deed, in the confession--she spoke; her eyes not on her interlocutor, but on Lee Calvert; on Lee Calvert's eyes, rather, which met them directly in mutual caress.  The spirit of romance, which has a place in the hearts of all men, rose to her. The courtroom palpitated with appreciation and threatened applause. A buzz, like the first ripple of wind stirring the leaves in a wood, was de- tected by the presiding genius on the bench, and once more his gavel beat a warning tattoo on the block at his right hand.  Owen Wills, watching the District Attorney--he was a large man of mid- dle age and sandy complexion-saw his jaw set and two lines deepen between his eyebrows. His witness had cun- ningly circumvented him; had turned his purpose to her own profit and the profit of the man she loved and be- lieved in. Still, her answer had not been wholly relevant; it implied assent, but it lacked explicit confession. Would the questioner demand a definite "yes" or "no"? Could he take that risk of antagonizing a jury now suddenly more than half disposed in her favor and so inclined to resent so much as a tinge of persecution? Wills was disposed to think he wouldn't. And Wills was right.  "That is all, Mrs. Holland," he said. "I thank you."