8 WHAT IS ISN'T    And in order to guard against any pos- sible broaching of it on her part, he had predetermined his initial topic even to the extent of holding in mind his open- ing sentence.  Curiously enough, though, when the order had been given and they were alone, they both spoke at once, and both in identically the same words:  "I've something to tell you."  Then, in chorus, they laughed at the coincidence. And never to Calvert, watching her, had Bianca been, he thought, just like this. Yesterday he had fancied her eclipsing all past ra- diances of desirability. But today her loveliness held for him an added charm. Her skin was fairer, clearer, more deli- cately tinted. Her eyes brighter, yet brimming more with the love he craved above all things. And he sobered ab- ruptly under the distress of the realiza- tion that, should he have permitted her to have her way, he would now be look- ing at her for the last time for what would seem at least a century.  It was in the hope that she might mean to tell him she had yielded that he granted her the precedence he had so jealously striven to keep.  "Very well, dear," he said. "My story can wait."  "Elliot saw you yesterday." That was her news.  "Saw me?"  "Yes. Leaving the house."  "There were no fatal results."  "How do you know? There might have been."  "I saw him an hour ago, myself. He was quite fit then. Well, what hap- pened?"  "He said that it was evident he was not taking me away any too soon."  "Was that all?"  "It was quite enough as he said it. But it wasn't all. He called you some horrid names."  "And you, too?"  "Oh, no! He blamed himself rather. He said he never questioned my fidel- ity. I'm too cold a woman to lose my head. But in the long run even I might prove not altogether immune to the     flattery of an unscrupulous libertine. He was glad he had taken steps in time to save me."  "What a cur!" Calvert muttered. "Still, I'm glad he saw me. I'm glad he regarded me as dangerous. It must have added to his sense of insecurity. What a fool to think that by taking you abroad he can alter the situation any!"  "He doesn't understand, you see. His vanity is something prodigious. He im- agines that by devotion, at this late day, he can make me forget you."  Calvert's mouth twitched under the stab of that "by devotion" and the lan- cinating pang it inflicted.  "Good God!" he murmured through teeth tight-closed. "The thought of you going to--to that!"  She leant nearer to him, pressing against the table-edge.  "Oh, Lee!" she breathed sympathet- ically. "You have nothing to fear. You know you haven't."  "It isn't that I doubt you," he pro- tested. "You, can't think that. It's only the thought of to what you'll be subjected. To his kisses and embraces. Every minute I'll be picturing you in his arms. I know what the torture will be."  "But you're exaggerating it. Elliot isn't like you. He's seldom demonstra- tive. And I! You wouldn't know me if you could see me with him. I'm glacial. I am, really!"  "Stop!" he commanded. "Stop! You're only making it worse." And almost savagely he ground out the red cinder of his cigarette in the basin of the little iron match-stand.  For a little space neither spoke. Bi- anca, her eyes all pity, gazed at his drawn profile as he sat with face avert- ed, his chin lowered, and his eyes fixed on the red velvet carpet.  Presently she said:  "But you had something to tell me. What is it? I'm curious."  It was all of half a minute before he responded. Then he faced her once more.  "Oh, that!" he said. "It was only