132 CRITICISM AT A GALLOP    Goose," "Just to Get Marrieds " and "She Would and She Dids," to say nothing of an equal number of pot- boilers such as " The Ruined Lady," "Carnival," " Miss Prudence," "Half a Bride," etc., annually tried out in Plainfield, N. J., and Stamford, Conn., and subsequently shelved. This Miss George, to whom the Reed labour owes its production, is -- as I have observed throughout the fifteen year period of my receiving passes-- per- haps the most proficient and brilliant comedienne on the American stage. But, as I have also observed during the same period, this same Miss George is not only the poorest judge of dramatic manuscripts on that stage but, more, a performer with evidently so little confidence in her own estab- lished brilliance and her own amaz- ingly durable blonde comeliness that she resorts to all of the cheap con- trast subterfuges of the hinterland Thespian in sedulously surrounding herself upon the platform with an en- tourage of brunette pie-faces and male incompetents so grotesque that it must be gathered together only after the most painstaking effort and diligent search. What Miss George needs is very stern managerial direction.  II  In "The Gold Diggers", which pur- ports to picture the chorus girl in her off-stage life, Avery Hopwood has written a first-rate, amusing show for Tom Sullivan's "Monte Carlo Girls" on the Burlesque Wheel. The show is being currently presented by Mr. Bel- asco. If Mr. Hopwood intended to write a burlesque show, he has written a very good one. If, on the other hand, he intended to write a legitimate comedy--which is the likelier assump- tion--he has written a play that bears perhaps the same relation to the chorus girl that the Katzenjammer Kid car- toons bear to the occupation of the eastern bank of the Rhine.  To argue against Hopwood's chorus girls that they are not especially life- like is, however, perhaps not wholly     fair, since the chorus girl is probably not much more especially life-like in actual life. The point is that Hop- wood, instead of photographing his characters, has merely silhouetted them and then, to make the silhouette pass for a life-like picture, has cut a hole in the nose, inserted the tip of his forefinger through the opening and mistaken its periodic wiggle for a vraisemblant satiric grimace. A skil- ful writer, he has of course not neg- lected to write into his play some comical lines, but the humour of these lines uniformly moves from the line towards the character's mouth instead of the other way 'round. His play is as funny as a false-face, and has the same affinity with nature. It is a seltzer siphon filled with yang-ylang; a slapstick coated with sugar. Its chorus girls make one laugh not as Helen Green's or W. E. Hill's chorus girls make one laugh, but as James Forbes' and Roy McCardell's. It is a travesty atop a travesty. Mr. Belasco's pro- duction of the piece will alone be re- sponsible for its success. Miss Ina Claire is absurdly starred above a com- pany the least of whose principals is her superior in talent.  III  Plumbing the astonishment and en- thusiasm engendered among the local hazlitts, theater managers and theater patrons by Booth Tarkington's wholly delightful comedy, "Clarence", we dis- cern the astonishment and enthusiasm always displayed by the parties in point when there is presented to them the unaccustomed spectacle of a play by a man who knows less about writ- ing plays than he knows about what our coloured friends call writing writ- ing. So rare in the theater is the ap- pearance of a man who knows how to write, and so regular the appearance of men who know merely how to write plays, that the advent of the former is almost always the occasion for a generally unanalyzed jubilee. When the Sammie Shipmans and Owen Davises who know all about writing