AUNT IDA 107   Ethyl, born in New York, a wicked city girl. . . .  III The day after Ethyl accepted his proposal--it had occurred, most fitting- ly, in one of New York's gayest res- taurants, with an accompaniment of jazz and a half-dressed girl in pink singing "What Are You Going To Do About That?" she met him in one of the corridors of Dernheim, Orlindorfer and O'Brien and said,  "Andrew, just think, we're engaged and you've never met any of my folks. I hinted to Mama how things were and she says you're to come in Sunday for dinner and meet the family."  Andrew nodded. He had insisted, the night before, that they marry im- mediately--in a day or two, in fact. He found he couldn't get his mind on his work when Ethyl was there in the office. He didn't even care whether Mr. J. Ames, of the Ames Store, Can- terbury, Conn., ordered silk or not, when any minute he might see Ethyl, fresh, fluffy, passing by an open door. Ethyl wouldn't work when they were married--he had money enough for that. And Ethyl--what if she changed her mind about marrying him? It didn't seem possible that such a se- ductive, bewitching city girl would be willing to marry an ordinary fellow like him.  Once married, though, he felt he could breathe easier. He could man- age her. He looked forward to it--to toning down her city ways--her wick- edness, though he didn't know the form her wickedness or his instruction might take.  That Sunday of meeting Ethyl's peo- ple always remained a sort of a hazy nightmare to Andrew. He never quite remembered what happened. Ethyl, in a new white dress, met him at the door. Immediately he seemed surrounded by a pack, all barking at once. These gradually resolved themselves into peo- ple, Ethyl's people, her mother, blonde and rather fat, with a ready laugh,     over-dresed, red-cheeked, rather loud; her father, a tall, sallow man, nearly bald, who spoke little; half a dozen cousins, three or four aunts, an assort- ment of odd relatives. There was much laughter and talk, good natured teasing of him. and Ethyl, a taking for granted, a natural acceptance of Ethyl's "affair," pleasantries, then a dining table set with quantities of deli- catessen.  He got away, finally. Ethyl went to the door with him and, looking around to be sure no one was there, he kissed her.  "Did the folks frighten you?" she asked. "I guess it seems pretty bad, meeting them this way, but you won't get them all at once, like this, very often. You see, Mama has four sis- ters and they all have children and Dad has two brothers here in New York. You'll like them when you get used to them. We have lots of fun."  Andrew felt vaguely disturbed about the relatives, though he was too much in love with Ethyl to take them seri- ously. They did not fit in with his idea of Ethyl, however. There was noth- ing alluring, wicked, about them. To be sure, a few of the girl cousins were as slim and almost as fair as Ethyl herself, with the distinguishing mark of the "city girl." One of them looked every inch a screen vampire though she talked with a lisp, Andrew noticed. Still--so many respectable looking rela- tives . . . Oh, well, he wasn't going to marry the family, that was certain. The next day at the office Ethyl seemed as bewitching, as alluring as ever.  A few days afterward they were married. Andrew lay awake the night before his marriage, thinking of it. He was going to marry Ethyl! Ethyl! A city girl--with a past, like as not--with charming litle ways of holding her head, of flirting, of looking out of the corners of her eyes--Ethyl!  They were married in church. Ethyl's people had a favorite denomination, it seemed, though of course, they never attended services. Although it was not the same church Andrew had attended