62 THE DAWN    was beating faster, her assurance had gone, her fears had returned. Her eyes dropped, yet not before they had recorded the details of his face. He was not a schoolboy like Walter; he was a man!  He spoke to her again; her lips de- nied her will to answer.  "What is the matter?" he asked. "You're not afraid of me, are you, lit- tle girl? I didn't want to frighten you. You smiled; I thought you wanted me to talk to you."  Something in the sudden tenderness of his voice shamed and angered her. How quickly he had penetrated her se- cret. He saw how young she was, how little she knew. At first, in the dusk, she had deceived him, but only until he had come closer and spoken to her. She resented his changed attitude and found his sudden consideration hate- ful.  Her cheeks flushed; she raised her eyes and met his own fearlessly.  "No, I don't want to know you," she said. "What right have you to speak to me? Please let me alone!"  He looked a little surprised; an in- stant later he smiled and gave her a slight bow.  "I beg your pardon," he said. "Be careful when you smile the next time!"  Replacing his hat, he turned and walked away.  She stared after him until his figure was obscured in the dark, lost in the crowd.  Her mind reviewed the encounter and little by little her anger passed into a sense of satisfaction. It seemed to her that a very significant experience had been added to her necessary knowledge. For a moment at least she had fooled him, for an instant she had been able to play the part of a woman. A few more words, a slight increase of her assurance--and she could have talked to him easily! She looked about her with confidence. The next time she knew she would succeed.  Ruth turned slowly and walked back the way she had come. Her thoughts were not definite, they were vague as     mists, but their nature was wholly pleasant.  When she reached the apartment house she was smiling. In the elevator she bent toward the mirrors at the side of the cage, patted her hair, read- justed a hairpin, took out her powder puff, and powdered her nose shameless- ly. Some of the mysteries of life, those mysteries that aroused her fears, were passing. But the allure was im- mensely more potent.  V  Two days later Ruth went back to her home. She met her father in the evening and returned with him. At the door her mother kissed her, as if hers had been an absence of years. This display of emotion made Ruth smile a little, with the indulgence of one who has acquired a philosophy of toleration. How little her mother understood; how blind she was! For her, Ruth was still a child, still the object of protection. It did not matter. Perhaps her mother would never understand the change.  There was a pleasant dinner during which Ruth talked more than ordina- rily, telling everything about Edith, her home, her habits, the excitements of the city. Once or twice she was surprised by a certain intent look with which her mother met her eyes. It puzzled her a little, but she went on, relating the in- cidents of her trip.  After dinner her father retired to some work in his study, but her mother remained.  For some moments they were silent. Ruth grew a little embarrassed. At last she stood up, looked about her with a counterfeited languor, and prepared to escape. Then her mother arose, came around the table and with a sur- prising impulse, circled the girl in her arms.  She said nothing at all. She only embraced her, hugged her close, and kissed her young, smooth cheek. Con- cealed in this act there was some emo- tion too subtle for expression, and in a measure Ruth sensed it. In the touch