ADVERTISING    Complextion like a Rose The Magic Power of Beauty Beauty is the most precious possission a woman may attain. All the arts, crafts, and science in the world's history have centered around the subject. Deep thinkers and men of genius have dignified feminine beauty with their comments. Poets have sung its praises, musicians have set it to melody, literarture has painted it in word pictures, sculptors have carved it in marble, and painters immortalized it in color Lives have been sacrified, wars waged and kingdoms lost and won- all for a woman's beauty. What wonder then that every woman longs to be beautiful! The FIRST ESSENTIAL OF BEAUTY IS A LOVELY COMPLEX-TION. Often one who has no other claim to personal attractive-ness appears really beautiful because of a clear, fresh, radiant complextion. Many years ago a famous blood specialist compounded a formula that has an almost miraculous effect in clearing the skin of imperfections and creating a soft, dainty, rose-tint complextion. Fould's Standard Arsenic Complextion Wafers have stood the test of over half a century, and by their aid many thousands of women have achieved that first step towards beauty- a charming complextion. Price $1.00 box, 6 large boxes $5.00. Fould's Famous Arsenic Complextion Soap has a most powerful action on the complextion when used in connection with Fould's Standard Arsenic Complextion Wafers. "It is the only specific soap for skin blemishes and diseases on which we can always rely." Made from the purest and most expensive ingredients, dainty, fragrant and refreshing, with remarkable beautifying qualities 50c cake. Special Offer- For limited time: 6 Large Boxes Fould's Standard Arsenic Complextion Wafers and 1 Large Cake Fould's Arsenic Complextion Soap, sent to your address in plain wrapper on receipt of price, $5.00. H.B. Fould Company, Dept. A 27 William Street New York City   Bromo-Seltzer Headache? Bromo-Seltzer      December 10th- Last Day Mark Twain Sale Closes "You're Afraid" "I ain't afraid." "You are." "I ain't." "You are." What would have happened next if you were a boy? A frightful mix-up. With the calm unreasonableness of youth these two boys fought without even knowing each other- just as you have fought many a time- just because you couldn't help it. Mark Twain 25 Volumes- novels- Boys' Stories- Humor- Essays- Travel- History His was not the light laughter of a moment's fun, but the whimsical humor that made the tragedy of life more bearable. FREE Paine's Life of Mark Twain- 4 Volumes We have a few sets of the fine four-volume edition of this famous life story on hand- not enough to dispose of in the usual way, so we will give you a complete set FREE with your sent of Mark Twain if you send the coupon at once. ONLY A FEW SETS You must have Mark Twain. If you wait you can have him later, but you can't have him at the present price and you can't have this marvelous biography free. If you want a set of Mark Twain for less than one will ever be offered to you again- you must act at once. Mail the coupon at once. It brings both sets- all charges prepaid for your examination. Return the books to us at our expense if they are not what you thought them to be. You sent no money- you have no obligation. Never again will this set be offered at this low price with the biography free. Send the coupon now-to-day. Harper and Brothers Established 1817 Cut this Coupon and mail it today   Harper &amp; Brothers, 196 Franklin Square, N.Y. Send me, charges prepaid, a set of Mark Twain's work in 25 volumes, illustrated, bound in handsome green cloth, stamped in gold with trimmed edges, and Paine's Life of Mark Twain, in 4 volumes, bound to match, FREE. If not satisfactory, I will re-turn them at your expense, otherwise I will send you $1.50 within five days and $2.00 a month for 18 months. For cash deduct 8% from remittance. Smart Set 12-19 Name Address Occupation If you prefer the beautiful half-leather binding write to us for particulars.     Kill the Hair ROOT My method is the only way to prevent the hair from growing again. Easy, painless, harmless. No scars. Booklet free. Write today, enclosing 3 stamps. We teach beauty culture. D.J. MAHLER 372-XX MAHLER PARK, PROVIDENCE, R,I.   In answering advertisements please mention SMART SET