WHAT IS ISN'T 35    it was a bit of fun. He had been given explicit directions and had had to wait several days for just the right opportu- nity.  "If it would be any satisfaction for you to know it"--it was Lilligore who spoke, addressing his adversary--"I ar- ranged it. Or, rather, my office did." He turned to the clerk.  "Call Martin Cleary, please!"  Cleary was a young Irishman. "A window-cleaner," he said. He had en employed in February by the su- perintendent of the office building in which the Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas offices were. On the morning of Val- etine's Day he was cleaning the win- dows of those offices. He was in the middle private office. It was unoccu- ped at the time. It was nearly noon when he finished there. He opened the connecting door to the first private of- fice. There had been a gentleman en- gaged there when he began, which was why he did the middle-room windows first. When he opened the door he saw that the gentleman was gone. There was a book on the desk by which he had been sitting. The witness picked it up and stuck it beneath his jumper. Then he heard the noon hour strike, so he went back to the middle office, closed the connecting door, took up his pail and brushes and other tools and went out through the library. He gave the book to the superintendent, who had ordered him to pick up anything handy that was likely to be missed. Like the letter-carrier, he had understood it was just for a practical joke.  The audience now was being greatly entertained. It was almost as amusing as a vaudeville performance, and Lilli- gore, with the soul of an impresario, introduced a fourth sensational feature. He called the leading-lady, so to speak, for the defence.  The State had depended on Bianca Holland to establish a motive on the part of the accused. The defense would prove by her that Stephen Arrowsmith had even a stronger motive.  Bianca, an impressive contrast in her mourning with the garish mistress of     her dead husband's profligate brother- in-law, took from the hand of the prisoner's counsel a proffered let- ter.  "Have you ever seen that before?" he asked.  "I have."  "Tell the jury where and when, if you please."  "I found it among my husband's correspondence, about a month ago."  "By whom is it written and signed?"  "By Stephen Arrowsmith, who mar- ried Mr. Holland's youngest sister."  Marvin Lilligore reached for it again.  "I ask to read it and offer it in evi- dence."  The Court bowed.  The letter, dated a week prior to the murder, ran:  "Dear E. H.: I have just learned that you are going abroad for an indefinite stay. Sev- eral times of late I have tried to get an in- terview with you, without success. I must see you before you go, and you must arrange to make me a substantial payment on account of my properties. If you refuse me I will not be responsible for the consequences. I'm a desperate man and my back is against the wall. I would be justified in taking extreme measures. You have been starving me for years. Now I must eat or-- Well, it's your own risk. Don't try me too far."  To Lilligore's surprise, the District Attorney offered no objection.  The final witness for the defense was Owen Wills. He took his place on the stand carrying a pig-skin traveling bag, which he placed beside the chair. Un- like Pandora's fabled box, the one gift that emerged from this bag when it was opened was the gift of Hope. Hope for Calvert. For its contents quite overthrew what had been in the first trial an apparently damning bit of evi- dence against him.  The bag was practically filled with paper-files, each of the identical pattern used by Holland's slayer. And each tagged with a different name and ad- dress.  From a hundred New York business houses and offices Wills had personally collected them.