The Octogenarian  By C. Farley Anderson    HE was seated in the public square, dappled with sunlight that shifted through a tree over his head and enlivened his aspect with splotches of [fl]uctuant brightness.  He was very quiet, very composed; notion was no longer easy to him. His [th]in hands, all knuckles and tightly [s]tretched skin, grasped a thick cane; his black felt hat was pulled down to shade his eyes; his chin fell forward on his chest, where the white beard was [s]pread out like a handful of loose un- woven silk.  He felt the warmth of the sun and he enjoyed the quiet of the little park; these were his only sensations. There was no necessity for thinking in these moments and he preferred, to mental activity, the calm blank of his mind; after too many years of thought one tires.  In a vague, different way, he was conscious of other people in the square: two shouting children ran by his bench like the passing of swift little winds, a woman slowly wheeled a baby coach along the gravelled path, a boy and a girl sauntered by arm in arm--no one gave him any notice, and he required none. Here he could sit, without dreams without troubles, almost in nirvana.  Presently the sun fell slantwise over his shoulder and no longer warmed him quite as pleasantly. Then he knew the afternoon was nearly gone. He grasped the thick cane firmly, and pressing up- on it, stood on his feet. For a moment he was motionless, as his sense of di- rection was no longer acute. His hesi- tancy passed; he walked slowly out of the park, following the proper path.  His home was not far away, but     there were three corners to cross and it took him longer to finish the journey than one might have suspected. The crossings were always difficult for him; he was afraid of the street cars, the au- tomobiles, even of the horse-drawn ve- hicles.  He always made three or four trials at each corner--a step off the curb, a withdrawal, another abortive attempt-- until the final courage for a dash spurred him to its accomplishment. Sometimes a younger person paused long enough to understand his predica- ment, and then, to his inner relief, he was piloted over the street in safety.  This afternoon, whilst still a block away from his home, the agreeable calm of the park passed, as usual, from his spirits, and his perturbation began--a vague uneasiness, a vague shrinking- His ill-defined emotion was in a mea- sure similar to that of a young boy who returns to his mother in the un- etsy fear that one of his recent esca- pades may have reached her ears. He tried to recall all his acts that day, be- fore leaving for his afternoon in the square. Now he remembered smok- ing his pipe near the front window; had he by any chance left it there, with the objectionable ashes blowing over the floor  A few yards from the house his pace became slower and he mounted the steps at last with an increased droop to his bent shoulders. There was no one on the porch, and he was glad of that, because a moment before he had made an unlucky discovery.  Just as he walked up the steps, slowly, with some slight pain in his   119