THE OCTOGENARIAN 121    [t]he vision of the room passed from his eyes, as if the light had been swiftly [t]urned out. His head dropped forward, the swayed a little in his chair; a second later he felt Jim's supporting arm about him.  "What's the matter with you?" his son asked.  The dizziness was gone and the room had resumed its normal aspect. He raised his hand and passed it across his eyes.  "I-- I don't know--" he replied, [s]lowly, in hesitation.  Jim stood near him a second longer and then, returning to his chair, took up his cigar and puffed rapidly, as if [a]nnoyed.  But the old man seemed to feel still the pressure of his boy's supporting [a]rm across his shoulders, even though Jim was assuredly sitting down, smok- ing as before. In some way, his senses were more acute and, irrationally, old memories came back to him. He looked at Jim; the face of the younger man changed under his scrutiny; he seemed to see him again as in other years, a boy, eager for stories about the war.  It must have been nearly a quarter [o]f a century since he had told one of [t]hese tales, true incidents of his own youthful experiences. When Jim was young he used to enjoy his father's re- cital of the exciting chase after Mor- an, with Hobson's cavalry--they each [h]ad forty rounds of cartridges. And [t]he fight above Cincinnati, when the [r]aider was captured. That was a long [t]ime ago, now--the days when Jim [li]ked these stories. An irrational sense [o]f doubt possessed the old man then, for an instant he wondered if his lis- tner could have been someone else, []o: it was Jim. But his boy had grown [ol]der, and forgotten.  He stood up slowly and found that he was unsually tired. His legs were [n]ot quite steady and his knees pained [m]ore than ordinarily.  With an unsteady gait he left the room, whilst the younger man remained his chair, still smoking.      II  Going upstairs he groped his way through the dark hall and found his room. All the street-lamps were glow- ing, but there was still a streak of dull light across the sky in the west. He stared out of the window; his white beard was nebulous in the gloom; his face seemed ghostly.  As before, his thoughts were turning back in vague reminiscence, to past years. He was thinking of himself, yet with the detachment of one who re- calls the exploits of another personal- ity. The fact of his youth, the events of his younger years, were not quite real to him. Time had carried him into a different world, from which the cir- cumstances of that former period seemed half fabulous.  Then, ascending through the scale of his years, he came to that more recent time--not over a decade ago--when Jim and Mabel had been married. With a dull, scarcely comprehended regret, he remembered the months when Jim and he had lived alone together. He recalled Jim's words, when the boy had confessed his intention to marry.  "You'll stay with us, Dad," he had said. "We both want you; you'll like Mabel."  For a short time he had really found the new arrangement agreeable. It was pleasant to watch these young people, their enthusiasm, their affection. They returned to him some measure of his own forgotten romances, gave him the precious emotion of living again, made lost moments come back in vivid recol- lections the faces of young girls, the sweet faint smells of perfumes, the sounds of stiff new silk rustling with a dainty tread.  He did not blame them or the change that had come; it was natural and he ac- cepted it with the resignation his pro- longed lie had taught him. Many times he knew he was too old, many times he understood his helplessness, and his burden to these others: before that problem his helplessness was accentu-