34 WHAT IS ISN'T    the sender, but it was unsuccessful. Mr. Delray himself furnished the lat- ter facts, and they were corroborated by a dozen other witnesses, each of whom swore to ignorance of how the disappearance had been effected.  With the purpose, evidently, of asso- ciating these seemingly disconnected matters with the event of the murder, each witness was questioned as to his or her presence in the office on the day of the greater crime, and particularly as to the coming and going of Mr. Stephen Arrowsmith.  Manning adhered closely to his testi- mony as given in the former trial. He was sure that Arrowsmith had returned for his umbrella, had secured it, and had immediately gone out again. From that moment he was absent, the wit- ness said, until after the discovery of the body. And the telephone operator and mail clerk supported him. Some of the others were not so sure. After this lapse of time it was hardly possible they should remember.  This introduction of the name of Ar- rowsmith had the effect of transmuting a negative interest into a positive one. The audience was quick to see in it the emergence of a hithero unmentioned suspect, and when, a little later, the clerk of the court called three times the name:  "Leda Arrowsmith! Leda Arrow- smith! Leda Arrowsmith!" the entire room was on tiptoe.  There came presently through a side door--for both she and the man whose name she bore by courtesy, though sum- moned, had been kept in an anteroom until now--a tall, blonde, rather show- ily, yet poorly, dressed woman of some beauty in spite of lines of dissipa- tion.  Having given her name and address, she was asked:  "Are you Stephen Arrowsmith's wife?"  "I'm called that," she answered, and smiled shamelessly.  "You mean you've never been mar- ried to him."  "That's the idea. You get me."     "You've lived together how many years?"  "Five or six."  "You know his financial condition pretty well, then?"  "Just as well as he does."  "Money's been pretty tight of late, eh?"  "You've said it."  "You both need clothes, don't you?"  "You only have to look at us to see that."  "How long is it since Steve had an umbrella?"  "So long I don't remember. I know he hasn't had one since we took the room on Twenty-second Street, and we're on our second year there now."  "That's all."  The District Attorney asked two questions.  "Have you an umbrella?"  "No."  "Doesn't Arrowsmith borrow one now and then?"  "I never knew him to."  When Leda had been led back to the anteroom, John Dumphrey was called.  A letter-carrier at the rear of the room rose and came forward.  "Does your route include the offices of Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas?" was Marvin Lilligore's first question after the oath had been administered.  "It does. Yes, sir."  "Tell the jury, please, what happened there on the morning of February sev- enteenth last."  "I called to deliver the mail as usual.  But as the mail clerk was not at his desk and there was a postage-due letter I took it to Mr. Manning. When he turned his back to get the six cents due I was standing by the open safe. There was a blue-backed paper there and I slipped it out and put it under a stack of letters I had in my hand."  "Had you orders to do that?"  "I had."  "From whom?"  "The Assistant Postmaster."  "That's all."  On cross-examination the witness said that he was under the impression