WHAT IS ISN'T 31    "I identify a letter F that I scratched on it."  "When and where did you first see it?"  "In the banking house of Gardener Brothers, Wall and Nassau streets, on December 27th last."  "In what part of the banking house?"  "In the storeroom in the basement."  "Were there others like it?"  "Not exactly. There were several patterns. Some were of brass."  "Had you ever seen one precisely like it?"  "I had."  "Where?"  "In your office, sir."  "The one that is now here--this one?" And the District Attorney took up from the table the file found beneath the desk of the victim.  "Yes, sir."  "Your Honor," said the prosecutor, taking the file from the witness, "I offer this in evidence, and ask that it be marked Exhibit X."  The Court nodded.  "Cross-examine."  Mr. Lilligore compared the exhibits. They were as like as two pins. His face was serious. Here, at the last moment, was something really danger- ous. Something it would be difficult to combat. Abruptly he turned to the witness.  "December 27th was a Sunday, was it not?"  "It was. Yes, sir."  "How did you get into Gardener thers' storeroom on that day?"  "The janitor let me in."  "Why didn't you go on a weekday?"  "I wanted a chance to look 'round without interruption."  "Wasn't it that you wished to keep your visit a secret from the firm?"  "No."  "You asked the janitor not to men- tion your having been there, didn't you?"  "I may have."  "Didn't you?"  "Well, yes. We weren't for giving our case away."     "I thought so. Did you give him money or--just a cigar?"  "I slipped him a couple of smokes."  "That's all."  Three days later the case went to the jury, following a forceful, logical argument for conviction on the part of the District Attorney, in which he em- phasized particularly the sheer impossi- bility of the crime having been com- mitted by other hands than those of the prisoner. And he backed up his con- tention with a clever and convincing linking together of the evidence bear- ing on the impelling force of passion for the victim's wife, and the admitted "madness," "purgatory," and "a con- science palsied by amorous desire, de- nied, unsatisfied."  The closing appeal of the defense was eloquent to a degree. Yet it had no more proven fundamental fact for its basis than a hitherto stainless char- acter--and that qualified by an admit- ted fracture of the tenth command- ment and a playing fast and loose with the seventh. The perilous injustice of relying on evidence of a purely cir- cumstantial nature was dwelt upon at length. It was, indeed, Lilligore's sole reliance.  The charge of Judge McCready was a model of impartiality. He told the jury just what to consider and what to ignore, and he cautioned them against accepting as true circumstances unsup- ported by evidence sufficiently strong to appeal to their reason.  For twenty hours, with each tick of the clock portentous, the question hung balanced. Hope and Fear see-sawed in the hearts of Lee Calvert and Bianca Holland until it seemed to both of them that even the worst would be a relief. The suspense itself became unbearable torture. The rack and the thumbscrew appeared humane in comparison. And then, when torment could do no more, a whisper came. The judge had been summoned; the jury had arrived at a decision.  Bianca, in the judge's chambers, sur- rounded by friends, saw the slight fig- ure with the rubicund face and white