Cyrus Townsend Brady 119    "If it does not run counter to my duty."  "Do you think Mr. Keene is an enemy, a traitor, as Mr. Longfield asserts?"  "Dear Miss. Le Moyne, I rarely ‘assert' anything myself. It's dangerous, in my work."  "You mean?"  "Evidence is the only thing that counts, and without it one is so apt to be--ah--mistaken."  Her face lighted. She could not help it. He stared at her, his eyes twinkling.  "Pardon me the liberty," he said gen- tly, turning through the open doorway, "but, for your sake, I hope not."  And with that somewhat enigmatical remark, he was gone. What did he mean? He had smiled as he vanished from her sight. Somehow she took com- fort from the fact. And she needed comfort, for she could not escape the conviction that she was not playing fair- ly. She was inclining more and more to one side; was it the right side? To one man; was he the right man? She had something to do herself, she decided. And for her, to decide was to act. She rose and called her maid.  There must have been some fatality about the place where Keene spent the night, that little open plateau by the cliff overlooking the river where, he had been caught napping before. For when he opened his eyes in the morning it was to gaze into no woman's face, but to see Longfield, who had indeed kicked him roughly out of sleep and now stood over him, gun in hand.  "Get up. Got you at last," he said harshly.  Keene, covered by the pistol, arose, got on one knee, and then, with a scien- tific football tackle as vigorous as it was sudden, he bowled Longfield over like a stricken tenpin.  As the latter went down, for the tackle was clean and low and hard, his pistol went off harmlessly and he called loudly for help. He was no mean antagonist,     but Keene was a year or two younger and as hard as nails. Longfield was a bit soft, and the life he had lived had not been so clean. The two, battling des- perately, rolled over and over in the clearing, but youth was finally served. Longfield lay panting and exhausted, at the mercy of his conqueror. Now, as he knelt upon him, his hand on his enemy's throat, Keene was at a loss what to do with him.  He finally disarmed him, and having possessed himself of both weapons, Longfield's and his own, he rose to his feet and allowed the man he had just mastered to sit up.  "You nearly had me that time," he said coolly, "but it takes more than one German blackguard to get me."  "What do you mean?" roared Long- field furiously.  "I mean what I say. You're one of the brutal, blood-thirsty, sneaking gang of traitors that's been hounding me since I left Baku. I thought I'd shaken them off, but you're worse than all the others."  "I am in the Secret Service," said Longfield quickly.  "Doubtless, but of Germany."  "Lies, lies," protested the man.  "Truth!" said the American imper- turbably. "I suspected it at the club. The way you looked at that poor mess boy, the way you speak certain vowels, the mouthing to which you give way. Why, you almost said ‘haus-frau' the other night! You actually went away from that dinner party humming ‘Heiden- Roslein.' I traced you to the closed sa- loon of one of the most notorious enemy aliens on the coast. I intend to give you up as soon as I've delivered the platinum to the government. That's what you are after, I suppose."  "That and the woman," returned Longfield insolently.  "You'll never get either."  "I mean to have both."  Longfield had his back to the bay and river toward which Keene's face was