56 Any Depot Platform in Dry State    entered joyously, little Victor nestling securely in the crook of his left arm.  "Ah, thank you, messieurs! Thank you. I am grateful. But what a sur- prise. Permit me to shake your hands. And so healthy. And my faith, I believe he knows me. See how he holds to my buttons! What can I ever do to repay you, and Madame, who tells me she has had care of him. If you knew what this means! I have a son again. Only"--his face clouded--"my permission expires in three days, and then poor little one, what is to become of him, unless, perhaps, mes- sieurs, the doctors at the hospital are right. . . ."  "The doctors?" asked Gravault Won- deringly. "There is nothing wrong with the child, surely? Did you not say he was healthy?"  "But Marie, m'sieu. I am speaking of Marie, my wife."  He studied their astonished faces eagerly.  "Is it possible? Have you not heard? I have found Marie in a hospital, mes- sieurs. A miracle, yes. It seems that she went to fetch a basket from the barn, and a splinter struck her. While she was insensible, an ambulance picked her up and brought her to Paris. They did not know of little Victor until she began to cry aloud, to plead for him. Mes- sieurs, she is insane, they say. Byt to- day the doctor said: ‘My lad, if you can find your child, there is one hope that     the touch of him on her breast may bring her back to her senses.' And to-day I have been in despair--where to look? Where to seek news? But now, if you will permit me--I shall take Victor with me. Yes, a thousand thanks. And after --but it is nine o'clock. I must hurry. An revoir."  The door closed upon his excited exit. "Good night, messieurs," said Madame Destries dully. "If I may, I shall slip round to the church."  There was a long pause after she left them.  "After all," said Chautard in a low voice, "that does not prevent me doing what I said. To-morrow I shall go to the hospital. Meanwhile, will you play a game of chess with me, Gravault?"  "Willingly. That occupies the mind."  "All very well, but what am I to do?" grumbled the antique dealer dolefully.  "Oh, you--" said his brother as he opened the board, "occupy yourself with Musette."  "Bah!" Musette's master grunted and settled himself in a deep chair. His eyes closed. When they opened again, he saw a strange sight. The game of chess was at an end. His brother, a newspaper in front of him, was peering over the top of it at Chautard. And Chautard, a hand- kerchief draped over his hand, was re- hearsing some new variations in the emo- tional gestures of the little preacher, in preparation for the next day's visit.     ANY DEPOT PLATFORM IN DRY STATE  By F. R. Odle  DOWN on the depot platform, bathed in the bleak wintry breeze, Shy long ago of its contents, with nothing inside it to freeze; Shorn of its former glory, tapped of its last amber dreg; Bungless, beerless and friendless, stands an empty eight-gallon keg.