Robert W. Sneddon 49   Gravault hesitated.  "Very well."  They walked on. All at once Gra- vault stopped.  "Tell me, Chautard, what if I go back and have a look. It is just possible it may be little Victor."  "You are crazy!"  "Crazy or not, comrade, I shall go and see. Wait here. It will not take a min- ute."  Chautard shrugged his shoulders. "You are obstinate as a mule. Go, then, on your fool's errand, but don't blame me if you find nothing but a cat."  Gravault hastened across the field. He could hear nothing more, but as he came up to the ruin, the wail was repeated. He peered in through the window, then cautiously climbed in. A moment later, he came out carrying a bundle in his arms and hastened to rejoin Chautard, who had seated himself on a pile of stones.  "Well?" asked Chautard.  "Look!"  Gravault's voice was trembling, and Chautard turned his head sharply.  "Oh, mon dieu!" he cried. "So you were right. But I could have sworn Marie Florin would not have deserted her child."  "It is strange," Gravault replied gravely. "There is no trace of her any- where. What can have happened?"  "The child was lying there?"  "Beside a bundle of clothes. It is plain she left him."  "These women! What folly!" grum- bled Chautard. "Too bad. But what are you going to do with the youngster?"  Gravault was surprised at the ques- tion.  "Eh? We must take him with us," he answered very simply.  Chautard sat down again on the pile of stones and threw up his hands.  "What has come over you, Gravault? We have enough to do to look after our- setves--two old men!"     "I am not so old," Gravault hastened to assure him. "The child is no weight to carry. Feel him." He held the baby out.  "Bah!" ejaculated Chautard regarding the child curiously. "It is a little animal. My advice to you is--" He paused, then added hastily; "is to leave him by the roadside. Someone else will be sure to pick him up."  "Who?" demanded Gravault derisive- ly. "A general, eh? An American Gen- eral?" He still held out the child to Chautard.  The notary, putting out his hands to ward off the extended burden, suddenly felt his thumb grasped in the convulsive grip of sturdy little fingers. In vain, he tried to free himself.  "Peste!" he spluttered at last. "Who would have imagined such strength? It is a little man. After all, it would be a pity to leave him. Only do not expect me to handle him."  "A regular little soldier," chuckled Gravault proudly. "Enough, little one; that will do for your wrestling. Keep away from lawyers if you would be happy. If you must pull at something, here is my beard. Now, march!"  The procession limped on its way. The miles grew longer. Gravault's feet be- came uncertain and he lurched at the knees.  "Here," cried Chautard roughly, "give me the brat. Not a word. You were a fool to take him, but the mischief is done."  A kindly motor driver going their way picked them up and dropped them at a railroad station. In the canteen presided over by two girls, they were fed on sand- wiches and coffee.  "Have you a bottle for the little one?" asked one of the girls, bending over the counter. "We can give him one and some milk. A boy, isn't it? How often do you feed him?"  Chautard, who was still holding the child awkwardly in his arms, looked