94 The Long Arm in the Clearing    pointed to the tamaracks. Through the close circle of them, I saw projecting a white arm that moved! Two long min- utes later, we had dragged, through a hastily chopped orifice in the circle of trees, the naked and scarred body of Henry Curtis. The old man was lacer- ated and torn, and could hardly speak. We carried him very tenderly into the kitchen and laid him on the blankets be- fore the fire Curtis had built. I poured brandy down his throat and Jim chafed him with the same fiery fluid. Eventu- ally, we were rewarded by seeing his eyes open, consider us gravely, and then close again, while the deep breathing told us that he slept naturally. It was then I thought of MacGregor, and found him lying unconscious beside the door.  Henry Curtis, as I had learned from his nephew and MacGregor, had become almost a fanatic on the subject of plant breeding and super cultivation, and had concentrated his attention upon a real, or fancied, relationship between plants and animals. I'll leave the naturalists to settle the widsom or folly of it. In his travels in Bolivia, he had come across a giant specimen of the sundew, or the devil's-tree, as they call it there. The thing belongs to the mimosa family. This plant had the queer faculty of moving certain long, tentacle like leaves, and it uses these to feed itself with the insects that settle upon it. In North Carolina, there is a branch of the same family known as Venus' Fly Trap. Curtis had discovered this and determined to try an experiment following out his pet the- ory with the Carolina soil. He wanted to try the effect of certain foods upon a plant bred from the specimens he had procured. This explained his residence in the Swamp.  "MacGregor and I worked over that plant for ten years," said the old man the next day. "We cultivated and se- lected, and Luther Barbank could not have been more patient. Then I tried the experiment of feeding the plant raw     meat, and it grew and thrived wonder- fully. Finally, we produced a really gi- gantic specimen, and I saw that it would necessarily have to be protected, fenced, so we built that tamarack hedge about it to keep it within bounds. A thing like that spreads. It grew and grew. It de- veloped into a monstrosity, a veritable bloodthirsty giant of a plant, and it be- gan to exhibit selective ability to find its own food. We began to miss the chickens, small pigs and the like, and we caught it at work. The tentacles had grown tremendously, and were tough and strong. It was interesting to me to watch it at work, and though MacGregor warned me that it should be destroyed, I could not bring myself to do it, for my theory was being borne out in it. Then MacGregor went away to Florida for a few days. He had been in the habit of feeding the plant, and for the first two or three days, I did it. Then I became interested in a new series of experiments in the greenhouse and I for- got it for nearly a week. Four nights ago, I waked, to find myself being dragged to the window. I tried to free myself and could not. Instantly, I knew what had happened. The starving plant had found me and was supplying itself with food. I was dragged out through the window and up and over the tops of the hedge, from which I fell."  The old gentleman took a sip of the brandy and water and continued:  "The fall stunned me, I imagine. At any rate, the thing must have made heroic efforts to digest me, but evidently it had not yet reached the growth that would permit that, but its effluvia was anaes- thetic in quality, and it held me until I was thrown to one side. From what you tell me, the dog must have found me, or scented me, lying near the edge, and in his efforts to dig me out, got caught himself. Then you boys rescued me, and I thank you both. MacGregor here tells me you contemplated arrest- ing him for my murder, Drake."