Cyrus Townsend Brady 117    in a day; therefore Longfield decided to wait until morning before seeking fur- ther. Unless Keene had chartered a boat, he would have to come back by way of the camp. Hence it would be impossible for him to escape. Carefully apportion- ing the watches for the night, Longfield turned in and went to sleep, confident that the next day would see the end of Keene and the beginning of the end of Barbara LeMoyne, though he did not put it exactly in that way.  Keene did just what Longfield had conjectured he would do. He went on alone to look over the ground, before doing anything else. He had no idea that Longfield was in the vicinity. He did not for a moment believe that Bar- bara had given Longfield any clue. He felt perfectly safe.  It was with the strangest feeling that he drew rein on the little plateau whence she had come to his assistance. It well indicates his feelings that he thus at first identified it, rather than by the battle he had fought. As he surveyed the clear- ing, it all came back to him. There he had stood when Po-Yanpen had made that furious lunge. There he had grappled with Wan-Aman. Over that cliff, he had thrust the Malay. He stepped to the edge and peered over.  A tree growing far below him, near the water's edge, had been uprooted in some autumn storm. Amid its roots he saw the skeleton of one of the Malays-- Po-Yanpen himself, or Wan-Aman pos- sibly--which had lodged there and had been hidden by the tree. Held there by the tree's roots, it had not gone out to sea with the rest. If the old tree had not blown down, the body might have re- mained concealed until it moldered away. Some of the bright cloth of the jacket, a part of the shining sarong, a faded hand- kerchief, caught on the branches, told their tale. He turned away to pleasanter things.  There he had fallen, only to awake in her arms, so white against the heavenly     blue above him. There under that tree she had dragged him before she left him. He recalled how he had looked and lis- tened. Down that hill he had crawled to the boat. Upon that azure sea he had been borne away.  As he stared seaward, he gave thought to young Seymour, who had shared all his dangers, who had backed him up with youthful energy and enthusiasm in the long journey from Baku to within a few days sail of that bay and shallow river below him. If it had not been for the devoted comradeship and loyal support of Seymour, scarcely more than a boy, even he could not have passed through all the dangers. In keeping watch over white men and brown men and yellow men, strangers all, they had divided the time. If Seymour had not broken down at last, at the close of the long voyage across the Pacific, almost in sight of the goal, with success practically within their grasp, Po-Yanpen would never have dared attack him. He would never have met Barbara. Young Seymour's life seemed to be another of those wondrous ties that bound together the man and the woman. And now he slept peacefully, far below the tossing waves, beyond the far horizon.  Longfield? He lifted his head and laughed at the thought of him, not mirth- fully, but in scorn. As he did so, his eyes fell upon the open crest of the over- looking hill not far away--just out of earshot, he noticed, as he remembered how she had called to warn him and in vain. She must have stood there. He stared up at it and laughed again, but differently, this time, in sheer gladness of heart. He would go up there later. He would stand where she had stood. He would kiss the spot her feet had hallowed.  A traitor, he? His brow clouded at the accusation. He had brought that platinum across the world for the United States. Why had he hidden it? For safety, its safety and his own. He knew