12 The Dollar    "I am going to--I am going down to the lake!"  "Great Scott! What for?"  "Everything--nothing!" said the girl. "I can't tell you."  Sexton hesitated.  "Do you need money?" he asked, after a moment.  "No," she said. "I haven't any, but I won't need it where I am going."  "Well," said the reporter, almost re- gretfully, "I'll have to call a policeman. I can't let you jump into the lake, you know."  She grasped his arm quickly.  "Please don't!" she begged.  "If you'll give me your name and ad- dress, and go home, and promise not to do anything until I've seen you to- morrow, I won't!  "If you don't promise," continued the reporter, "I'll call a policeman at once!"  "I can't get home," she said weakly.  "Of course, you have no money. Here's a dollar. It's all I've got. Now, you hustle along, as fast as you can. Get something to eat first, if you can, then go home, and don't stir out of the house till I come to-morrow. What is your name, and where do you live?"  The girl told him. Suddenly she seized his arm again. She was crying.  "Thank you, oh, thank you!" she sobbed. "I don't think--I don't think I shall now!"  "Good girl!" approved Sexton. A mo- ment later, he said: "Good night!"  The walk to his room was long and cold. ...  As he turned into the office next morn- ing, he encountered Fortune, who grinned at sight of his victim.  "How did you enjoy the walk home last night?" inquired the second reporter, sinfully joyous.  Sexton was surprised.     "How did you know I walked home?" he demanded. "Did you follow me?"  "Didn't have to," chuckled the other. "I knew you'd never pass that bill."  A weakness came over Sexton; he caught his breath.  "Wha-at!"  "You mean to say you didn't get wise that it was phoney?"  Sexton leaned heavily against the nearest counter. He shook like a man with a chill.  "My God!" he said.  There was a silence, while the second reporter looked anxious.  "Fortune," Sexton said slowly, after a moment, "you are a damned scoundrel --and probably a murderer!"  Quickly he turned and dashed out of the doorway. He snatched a morning paper from the newsstand at the corner, and began hastily to scan its columns. Page after page he turned without find- ng that for which he looked. It was not in the paper.  He took the elevator to the second floor, and burst dramatically upon his city editor.  "I want the morning off," he said. "Good story, I think, and possibly--"  "Sorry, Sexton," said the gray-haired young man at the littered desk, "but I have other plans for you. I want you to hurry down to the lake, at the foot of--"  The reporter wavered. Then he calmly interrupted his chief.  "A girl's body has just been pulled out," he said. "She is young and rather pretty, although poorly dressed. There is no clew to her identity. In her purse, there is a counterfeit one-dollar bill."  "How did you know?" asked the city editor. "It happened early this morn- ing, and the police report has just come in. How' did you know?"