82 Conventional    wanna marry me for my job!" she blurted, slandering her own insight.  "Ferget it! I gave you more'n any job, Hatty; I gave you sixteen months of all my dreamin'," he said simply.  Something in her throat caught as he spoke, and suddenly Mr. Clarence Hol- ling, even with the favorable reflection cast from his automobile and remodeled house, looked all of his fifty years to Hatty. All of his kisses then seemed the frosty peckings of a belated passion, against the memory of that one indubita- ble kiss the boy before her had once given her. With eyelids blinking, she looked down and opened her handbag. She took out the ring she never wore at the office but put on only at night when Mr. Holling took her to dinner or the theatre. She was feminine enough to hold it out so that he might be impressed properly by its sparkle.  "There!" she whispered, in what she meant for defiance, but which was mere- ly confusion. "I'm--I'm engaged to Mr. Holling!"  "You're--what!"  "Engaged to Mr. Holling." Her voice was even lower.  He looked at her steadily for almost a minute without moving. Slowly, some- thing like a trickle of sunshine filtered back into his blue eyes, and a smile spread over his face.  "Let me see it," he said.  He took it, and holding it in one hand, felt in the pocket of his tunic with the     other. He brought forth a little green box and opened it. A diamond glittered in the slotted bed of the tiny casket. With a recently acquired connoisseurship he coolly compared the two jewels. Fi- nally, he held out Mr. Holling's diamond and squinted critically at it, turning it so it flashed in the light.  "It's a beauty, I'll hand him that," he said judicially. "Maybe, it's a little bet- tern'n the one you're gone to wear now; but when I get his job, I'll give you one that'll make it look like a piece out of a plate glass window."  He drew her left hand to him, and as though he had spent a lifetime slipping on engagement rings, he placed his dia- mond ring on her third finger. His own fingers went fumbling in the pocket of his tunic again.  "In about two hours, you'll be wearin' this," he said, holding out a plain gold ring, "and then you'll come back to the office with me, and while I start in again on the job what's been waitin' for me till I got back, you'll hand ol' double entry his solitaire."  As their hands came together, two tears of gladness glistened in Hatty's eyes, and then some way she got her fin- gers free of his, and--  "Gee, Johnny!" she exclaimed. "Can you beat it! Look how it fits!"  There, on the principal finger of a girl's left hand, the plain gold band al- ready gleamed sedately beside the bluish flame of Johnny's diamond.     CONVENTIONAL  By Frederick Moxon LAST night a girl banged into me, (The wind was wild and wet) To-day she would not speak to me Because we "hadn't met."