8 "A Souvenir from Captain Butts"    es, or what you wish, clung to the rungs of a light ladder that reached from the deck platform down over the side. Four seamen in their yellow dungarees and an officer in overalls stood on this platform, watching idly the swaying hulk of the Asheville. Suddenly a flash lamp showed aboard the freighter, and simultaneously there was a slight exclamation in the water alongside.  ‘Was iss das?" queried the officer sharply.  "None o' yer blighting business," was the harsh answer, and therewith fol- lowed the swing of an arm, and the mo- mentary glint of a metal object as it de- scribed a short arc and fell upon the platform. The resulting explosion, while not violent, was sufficient to blow the group of five into the sea, and cause a torrent of language inside the hull of the "tin fish." An agile figure, grizzled about the chin, and with a terrier-like head, hurriedly climbed the few rungs of the iron ladder and leaned over the conning tower hatch.  "Just divide this among you, you skunks," the figure yelled savagely, and forthwith dropped a most effective hand grenade into the staring group below. This time the submarine rocked to the explosion, and Captain Butts yelled a volley of language that would have barred him from theological circles.  There was another muffled explosion from the sub's stern, and she lifted per- ceptibly, to sink back again. A few mo- ments later, there was a pattering of bare feet along the vessel's deck, and Captain Butts was joined by an almost wholly naked McPherson.  "I'm thinkin' she'll no progress vairy far wi'out yon propeller wheel," he chortled. "Man, ye're a bonny schemer. Hoo many o' th' Hoons d'ye ken ye fetched wi' yer surprise party?"  From an oilskin case fastened about his neck, Captain Butts methodically took a very business-like automatic pistol, and slung a leg over the hatch.     "I'll be able to tell you that in ten min- utes, Mac," he answered briskly. "In the meantime, do you keep a keen eye down there and a grenade handy in your hairy mitt. If I'm not back in what you think is good time, you know what to do."  McPherson looked at the skipper ad- miringly.  "I'm no concealin' fra' mysel' that you've got a keen nairve, skipper," he remarked. "It's ma dooty to warm ye, hooever, that yer takin' yer life in yer hands. Ye ken th' Hoon is no a square player,"  "This gang will be when I get through with them," returned Butts truculently. "I find myself capable of a few atrocities on my own account, and may the Al- mighty help the dirty scuppercat that starts anything below there!"  The little Captain dropped down to the interior of the submarine and gazed at the effects of his bomb. Then he shuddered slightly, and passed along to the stern, his fierce little goatee stuck straight out ahead of him, and his auto- matic at the ready. As he passed behind the dynamos, a blackened figure struck savagely at him with a short iron bar, and Butts shot instantly. Three others came forth out of the darkness with up- lifted hands and a cry of "Kamerad," and these the Captain conducted to the foot of the ladder.  "Get on deck!" he snarled at them, and they wasted not an instant.  "Overboard wi' ye," ordered McPher- son. "I'll no object if ye cling to yon bit ladder, but mark me, one squint of yer een, and Davy Jones wi' be havin' a few new boarders."  Captain Butts climbed smartly out on the sub's deck.  "All clear, Mac," he said. And then, cupping his hands, sent a hail over to the steamer. "Lay alongside here!" he ordered,  Twenty minutes later, Briggs, with his men once more aboard the ship, had