Robert Shirley 91    "Yessah. You's de pussecutin' lawyer, Yassah," he replied with a toothed grin.  "Then you know that if I feel like it I can have you taken down to Eliza- beth City and locked up as a witness, don't you?" I went on, whereupon he turned as pale as a negro can turn.  "For de Lawd, I ain't done nothin'!" he cried. "Hones' to goodness, I ain't!"  I looked at him and sympathized with his fright. Probably there was a good reason for it. There generally is with men of Ben's stamp.  "Why are you afraid of this place, Ben?" I asked him. "Tell me the truth, now."  He glanced about him and dropped his voice.  "Dis heah's de debbil's islan', suh," he said tremblingly. "Black man ain't got no show heah. Debbil he ketch a niggah heah after dahk an' dat man never shows up no moah."  "What makes you say that?" I in- quired.  "Two men has bin took dat away," he exclaimed. "Bat Minogue an' Hahvy Johnson come down heah an dey ain't come back no moah."  MacGregor came around the corner of the house just then, and stopped when he saw me talking to Biggoty.  "Wi' ye tak a look at th' green- house?" he inquired, with what seemed elaborate solicitation.  I nodded.  "I'm coming," I answered, and walked away from the negro. Of course, I took no stock in his statement, but there was certainly a mystery about the place. MacGregor waited, and as I came up to him, he turned with me. I walked per- haps a dozen paces with him, and then an idea struck me. I would put this thing to him without delay. I stopped and swung about to face him. We were standing within ten feet of the tamarack trees-that formed the circle.  "Mr. MacGregor," I said in my court- room manner, "I'm going to ask you     some direct questions, and I want direct answers to them. There's a mystery here, and it is time it was cleared up. To begin with, why are you concealing something from us? Why did you not tell us frankly what was in your thoughts last night when you heard about Mr. Curtis' disappearance?"  "I misdoot ye have th' right--" he began, when I stopped him.  "I'll soon convince you of that," I replied grimly. "As I told you last night, I happen to be the prosecuting at- torney for this county. I'll make it a legal matter if I can't find cooperation any other way. Just now, it is my duty to find out what you know. To begin with, why did Biggoty tell me that two men had disappeared from this place al- ready?"  The Scotchman looked at me with startled eyes.  "Twa men?" he echoed.  "Yes," I replied sharply. "I have their names. Minogue and Johnson. You'd better tell me all you know."  He looked at me calculatingly, and seemed to weigh the matter in his mind.  "Mayhap I will--when I'm certain Meester Curtis has surely gone away fra' here," he replied.  "Do you mean to say there is a doubt in your mind?" I asked with some as- tonishment. "Then I think I can con- vince you that he has gone, and most unusually. Look up there!" I caught him by the shoulder and swung him about, pointing up to where the white shirt still fluttered in the breeze. His eyes followed my hand, and I saw his face pale. Suddenly it became suffused with blood, and he clapped both hands to his head and staggered back. I caught at him, but with a cry he plunged for- ward again and fell to the ground. I stooped over him and turned him on his back. He was breathing stertorously. I knew the signs. The man had suffered a stroke of apoplexy, or at least, what re- sembled one.