The Long Arm in the Clearing  By Robert Shirley    JUST around a bend of the cypress- grown point, we came full upon a house half hidden in the cane- brakes. The silences of the Great Dis- mal Swamp lent an air of unreality to this human habitation. A house, in that place, was as incongruous as a telephone in Pharaoh's palace. The negro lad who had rowed me ran his skiff alongside the splintered plank that served for a landing stage, and I stepped ashore. "Dis heah's de place," he muttered, and began hurriedly backing his boat into the canal. The sun had fallen low behind the trees, and the lad was fearful that darkness would find him still in the mazes of the swamp. I threw a silver dollar into the skiff and started up the weed-grown pathway to the house.  As I mounted the crumbling steps, one of these gave way, and I caught quickly at the rickety rail to steady my- self. This, too, splintered under my hand, and I leaped back to the ground. Then I observed that the front door was barred by two rough boards nailed across it, and heavy spider webs crossed and recrossed from board to lintel and post. As I forced my way through the tall weeds, I gazed curiously at the ruin of rot and decay, wondering what had possessed my friend, Jim Curtis, to come to such an uninviting place, and why he had sent for me in such a hurry. I pulled the letter from my pocket and looked at it again. It read: Dear Tom: The nigger who takes you this will guide you back to me. I've run across a mystery that is more in your line, as a prosecuting at- torney, than in mine. Besides, it's getting on      my nerves. Bring a couple of guns with you and come.  The darkness was beginning to close in quite rapidly, and I was not particu- larly enamored of the prospect. To be somewhere in the middle of the Great Dismal Swamp at seven in the evening, in the midst of a silence that could be cut with a knife; to have the messenger who had conveyed me hither prove as communicative as a broiled lobster, and to have him depart as if he were afraid disaster would overtake him if he de- layed, was sufficiently disconcerting, but to find no trace of the man I had come to see was annoying.  I made up my mind to investigate the place while the light still held, and with this idea in mind I turned toward the kitchen, or L, that leaned for support against the main building. To one side, as I walked forward, I noticed a cir- cular plantation of trees, close set. I judged them to be tamarack. They grew probably to the height of fifteen feet, and bore evidence of having been, at one time, carefully tended and clipped. The foliage was so dense, and they were set so close with their interlacing branches, that they formed a wall as impenetrable as that of a citadel. I wondered idly what they could enclose, for they were not over fifteen feet from the house.  "Hello, Jim! Hello, Jim Curtis!" I called loudly, and walked on toward the kitchen. Some distance off in the swamp, I heard crashing, then the sharp bark of a dog, followed by a man's voice.  "Hello!" echoed the voice, and I turned to the opening that gave access to   83