Ferdinand Reyher 79    the men back, but the work has been so radically changed, and the whole place so reorganized, that we've been unable to give quite a number of the others their old places. You see, it wouldn't be fair to those who have learned the game in the meantime."  With open-mouthed incredulity, John- ny Lamb looked up at him.  "No vacancy just now! You haven't taken the ol' boys back? It wouldn't be fair--fair to them that's taken our places?"  "I'm sorry, of course--"  "I can't get my old place back?--Why, the ol'--Mr. Carew promised me my job'd be waitin' for me here when I got back, Mr. Holling."  "Unfortunately, Mr. Carew himself could not have foretold, at that time, the extent of the changes that would take place."  "Who's got my job?"  "Well, no one person, Lamb. It's really been split up and joined with other jobs. Miss Weller, for example, is doing one part of it."  "D'ye mean to say Hatty's got my job?"  "Part of it."  Turning abruptly on his heel, Johnny went over to Hatty.  "Hatty, will you have lunch with me?" he asked. She noticed a determined tilt to his chin.  She had promised Mr. Holling that morning to lunch with him, so she mo- mentarily hesitated.  "Yes," she said finally.  As abruptly as he had left Mr. Holling, Johnny now turned and left Hatty. He went down to the street, bought himself a package of cigarettes, half smoked three of them, and went back for Hatty. In the hallway, he met Harry Beddoes, who had also been in France, and was now back in his old place in the office.  "How'd you slip in?" Johnny asked him curiously.  "Ain't they takin' you back?"     "Nope. No vacancy at present-- 't wouldn' be fair to them that suffered here while I was in France, see?"  "You're the fifth they turned down. Ned Hawkins, Abe, Lil Cutey Cunning- ham, Rudens, an' you. Oh, an' Frank Boydelle, too."  "Why, the ol' man hisself promised me my job back."  "Well, what're ye goin' do 'bout it?"  "Get another one, I guess."  Beddoes laughed raucously.  "Y'are, are ye? Guess again! Ye got a fat chance, ol' timer. This burg's been gone through with a fine-toothed back- comb a million times by every doughboy in ten divisions. We got all the khaki in the world here now, an' more of 'em comin' each day. Jobs're rarer'n beef- steaks in France. Everybody, most, I know is out a job."  "I heard 'bout it in France already; but I never thought the ol' man'd renege on his word."  "They're goin' at top speed, and you're jus' as green as a pickle to 'em now, bein' 'way so long, they figger, an' it'd take you days to catch up, and they'd be losin' all the time on ye, they figger, I guess. Ye can't hate 'em for that," said Beddoes, with the smug judicial air of the securely placed.  "I can't, can't I!" exclaimed Johnny. "I went over there for fun, I guess. I went over there so's they could wallop me from in back, eh! I'll see if I can't hate 'em for that!"  He stalked into the outer office feeling as though he would like to pitch Mr. Holling out of the window and follow that gentleman's flight with a few well- chosen selections from the rest of the firm. Hatty was waiting for him, a hu- man tempest of emotions--puzzled at his sudden departure before; wondering vaguely if he really intended to come back for her; hoping he wouldn't; hoping he would; fearing their meeting; praying for it. She had told Mr. Holling of Johnny's luncheon invitation. Shrewdly,   6--L.S.