Florence Baier 101    You've cut yourself off. It's hard on human nerves--that sort of thing. I wonder you've the courage to chance it."  Camilla did not answer. She rose and sent down the boxes by the maid who came in answer to her ring. When they had gone, Carlotta shrugged her shoul- ders with an air of accepting the inevit- able and moved toward the half-open door. Her voice was quite casual.  "We'll probably regret this afternoon all our lives," she said. "I'm sorry I haven't persuaded you. But there's no use going over it. Shall--shall you leave a note for John?"  Camilla shook her head.  "Why should I? I've nothing to say."  "No"--for all the lightness of her voice, Carlotta's lips quivered a little as they touched Camilla's--"there's nothing to say. Shall I take your bag? It might make it easier for you to slip out without it."  Camilla stood at the window, watching Carlotta as she went down the drive. It seemed odd that she did not go through the lane as usual, and the sight of her carrying the bag was almost too much for Camilla. Would Carlotta try, even now, to delay her or prevent her going? Would she,go to John or William? The house was very still. The clock ticked off the minutes, and the things that Car- lotta had said ran through her mind in rhythm with its ticking. The agonies of indecision flooded back upon her. Was it true that she could never be happy? Was the brief rapture of love worth the sacrifice that she would be called upon to make for it? Only an hour remained between her and the moment when she would be getting into the train. After that, the thing became irrevocable.  She ate her dinner early, done in the dining-room, and quite without tasting it. When the clock pointed to half-after eight, she put on her hat and went down- stairs. In the dim vestibule where Cedric had kissed her, she gave a quick gasp and stood still. John Mackensie was     standing in the open door, which he had just unlocked.  "I--I am going over to Carlotta's," she explained.  "Carlotta's?" He looked at her stu- pidly, and from her to the figure of a messenger boy scudding down the drive on his wheel. "Carlotta isn't home. She sent you this from the city." He held out to her a square, creamy envelope with her name across it in Carlotta's dashing, angular writing.  She took it with a sense of abject de- spondency, waiting until her husband had gone on into the lighted dining-room and she had heard the scrape of his chair at the table, before she opened it. It began abruptly:   You should receive this just as you are starting for the station. And having received it, you will not go. Between us, we should have made a clever woman, Camilla, and a courageous one. I seemed to have reached the limit of endurance, this afternoon; and I could see no way out. It was your plan of escape, clear, definite, detailed, that set me to thinking. I could never plan like that. This is a shabby trick I am playing you--  It is I who am going away. I piled up the chances of misery, while I was talking to you, and for all that they are there, I'm going to risk it. I am writing this from the restaurant where we are dining. I have been very sure for a long time that Archie cared about me-- and it was your escape--or mine.  I know that I am cutting the ground from under your feet. I imagine you'll have a tre- mendous throw-back into conventionality when you realize what I have done. I am quite sure you will not follow me. One sister gone is a tragedy. But two! You yourself can see the farce a second elopement would be. And neither you nor Cedric could endure a lifetime of farce. I think, perhaps, you will suffer horribly for a little, dear. And I am sorry. But, as I said, it was your escape into life--or mine. The whole thing depended on which of us acted first. Carlotta.  P. S. I'm taking your bag. It was all so nicely packed. And when I am on board, I shall ask Cedric for the boxes. I have taken nothing and your gowns will be lovely for me.  Through a blinding mist, Camilla twisted the letter slowly into a taper and, burning it, dropped the blackened wisp into the grate. Whichever way she turned, an ironical complication confronted