44 After Renunciation    forgot to yelp until it was too late. She stood watching me, her lips straight and tight, but her eyes starrier than I had ever seen them.  "You old fraud--how long were you going to keep it up? Forever?"  She was sitting on the arm of the chair now, and her hands had seized liberal locks of my hair, playfully menacing. She tugged spitefully, till I seized her wrists in self-defense. . . . Marcia's wrists--my wife's.  " ‘It is a far, far better thing that I do,' " she quoted, in Marcia's own voice, the old, laughing, understanding voice I loved. "If you could have seen yourself, Jimmy--strutting to the guillotine like a matinee idol! Did you really think I was doing it for him? Didn't you ever guess that it was all the other way? Why, when I saw him kiss that Strang child, that night at Loring's, I nearly     cheered. I knew that he would have to wake without my waking him; he honest- ly believed he cared as much for me as ever--until that night. Jim, Jim, I've tried so hard to play the game! I'd taken his youth, you see, lived on his ideals, his boyishness, his illusions--and grown tired of them. I couldn't drop him, like a squeezed orange, could I? I had to be sure, first--" She sighed, wearily. "Oh, how tired I got, Jim! you'll never know what a job it is to stay young, when you want to be comfortably middle-aged--and that wasn't the worst of it. I--I discovered you, Jimmy--af- ter all those silly, wasted years, I knew. . . ."  Every story ends somewhere. I sup- pose mine ends here. But it's my con- viction, in spite of everything, that I'm still at the beginning. The calendar says --it doesn't matter what it says--it lies!     AFTER RENUNCIATION  By Anna Spencer Twitchell I HAVE not let him know my love, Nor put its rapture in a song, But with stern guard on lips and eyes, I have been strong. I have shut out his prayers and turned, Blindly, from his dear arms and kiss-- Oh, I have found, someway, somehow, Courage for this. Oh, road whereon he lonely walks, Oh, sailing moon, a silver rim, Oh, winds and clouds and stars, to-night Be kind to him.