70 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"   "Listen--" Johnny Lamb began.  "Aw, gee, go on! Ain't you satisfied I'm standin' in front of you? D'ye wan' me to put on a list'nin tube?"  "When are ye goin' out to dinner with me, an' a show, or anything you wan'a do, like a dance or somethin', see?"  "See!" she mimicked with scorn. "Say, wha' d'ye think I lis'en with--my eyes?" She looked up at him laughingly, and gripped his arm. "Go on, go on, fair one, tell me some more--dinner, show, dance an' anything I wan'a do--keep on, it's like music to my ears, me bein' a poor kid f'm Harlem with no pleasures o' me own."  Her patter of mockery disturbed him, and quick to see that perhaps he really was hurt, she said impulsively:  "Hones', Johnny, ma's all ready with the add-hot-water-and-serve, so'I'll have t'be runnin'. But lis'en, ol' dear, any night, any place you say--tell me t'mor- rer when the big time's cornin' off! Nighty-night!"  A quick pressure on his fingers and she was gone, leaving Johnny Lamb in a state of beatific trance.  They had exactly three "big times" to- gether. The first took place three days after the evening on which he had made the initial excursion to Harlem with her, and the third and last, one week later. This occasion was a gala event for Johnny Lamb, imbued for him with something of an international flavor. After they had departed from their American business office on that great night, they had dinner at an Italian restaurant, with spaghetti in strings as long and slippery as the Piave. With a final spurt through demi-tasse, an apple, a brick of Neopolitan ice cream and a domino of Camembert cheese, they hurried to a French musical comedy in which an English actor was starring. They concluded with a Yellow Peril, a tête-à-tête over an inlaid marble-topped teak wood table and a steaming mess of chop suey, that well-known midnight in- door sport of Longacre Square and Col-     umbus Circle. It was as they walked arm in arm from the Harlem station through the desolation of that province to Hatty's home, that they reverted to their inalienable American citizenship again. For a time, Johnny had been strangely silent.  "Gee, Johnny," Hatty burst out finally, "I'll admit they ring the curfew up here in the suburbs; but at that they can't do no more'n pinch you for conversation. Be a sport now and shatter the stilly night with a few well chosen remarks on any- thing, will ye?"  For answer, he pressed her arm closer. "Hones'--hones', Hatty--when I get to thinkin' this is the las' time, maybe, I'll have a chance to see ye--why, aw gosh, girl, can't ye see, I haven't got much heart left to chew the rag."  "The las' time!" She stopped short, disengaging her arm and gripping his. She looked up close into his face. "The las' time--say, what's the answer?"  He fancied there was a tremor of solici- tation in her words, and the fancy warmed his heart.  "I'm drafted," he said. "I go t'-mor- rer."  "Why--why didn't ye tell me?" she asked slowly. "Gee, I never even guessed you was goin' so soon."  "It'd a been sooner, but old man Carew begged me not t'enlist. . . . An' my mother and sister was both dependent, an'--well, I'm goin't'-morrer."  There was a heavy silence between them.  "You'll write t'me?" she asked.  "You bet. And you?"  "I'll do it if I have to use Miss Wasser- man's machine."  They had reached her door. As she stood facing him he gripped her arms and drew her close to him. His eyes were gleaming near to hers; his lips an inch from her lips.  "Hatty--" his voice was husky-- "I'm not goin' to say it now--but when I come back to you, I'm goin' to say--to