118 White Treasure    he had been under surveillance, that German spies were everywhere, that he had narrowly escaped a thousand dan- gers, that it was one thing to bring the platinum to the shore and another to deliver it. Besides, he wanted the pleas- ure of giving it in his own way. He had no bargains to make. The government could have it for whatever it chose to pay, or for nothing, after he had led its agents to the place of concealment and had said: "There it is, take it." Of course, now that Seymour was dead, he felt morally bound to see that the boy's old mother back East got something out of it.  As for himself, he did not care. To do the thing was reward enough. At least, he had not cared until he dis- covered he loved Barbara LeMoyne. She was rich, not fabulously, but sufficiently so for luxurious independence. He would have liked to match fortunes with her before seeking her hand. As it was, he was almost at the end of his resources. He had spent his money freely, the sav- ings of years, in that dash from Russia to California, and now it was practically all gone.  Besides, what did it matter. If she loved him in the end, as he determined she should, she would be as superbly in- different to any such disparity as he was. Love was all. Let her give him that, and for interest on the obligation he would return her--the world.  His memory returned to him complete- ly. He plunged into the forest path, penetrated its deep recesses unerringly, marveling that he had ever forgotten, until he stopped before the vine-covered mouth of the cave, or niche, in the rocks, upon which he had chanced and in which he concealed his treasure. With hand that trembled a little, he quickly lifted the vines so as not to break the screen and peered within.  It was there!  Six thousand pounds of platinum for the American government!     VII  Back in San Francisco, the wires were calling Longfield, and in vain. He had left the station up the road and had given no address, the agent said, when the cabalistic messages had been relayed to Bay San Juan with frantic appeals for instant delivery at any cost from ob- viously anxious senders. There they lay in the station awaiting his return.  Other wires came from the East, not the orient, but the Atlantic side of the continent. And after reading one of them, a quiet, soft-voiced, unobtrusive man named Stevens called upon Miss Barbara LeMoyne. He narrated little of his plan or purpose, or even of his de- sire. He showed her abundant evidence, however, to establish himself in her good graces. When he asked her questions afterward, she answered fully and glad- ly, withholding nothing. He was well satisfied, apparently, with what he learned, for he thanked her warmly as he turned to go. Her last words checked him.  "Mr. Longfield told me that he, too, was in the Secret Service of his govern- ment. I think he must have gone to Bay San Juan. If you find him, I have no doubt you can count upon his giving you every assistance."  She remembered afterward how the man's face had changed as he stood listening to her parting words. His lips straightened under the sudden compres- sion of his jaws, his eyes flashed. But when he spoke, it was in the same smooth, easy, pleasant, even gentle, way she had noted.  "Quite so. He told you that, did he? Well, it's quite true. On government service! I should dearly love to meet him, and I expect to do so."  Before he left the room, she called to him:  "I've told you everything?"  "Yes."  "Tell me one thing in return."