Illusions  By Roger Hartman    NOTHING had ever seemed so completely absurd to Porter Cresson, as Marcia Playre's re- iterated statement that years had built a barrier between them which love could not brush away, forget, ignore, obliterate. Her strangely passive attitude toward what seemed to him an obstacle utterly contemptible was the one flaw he found in her amazing power of clear reason- ing, the swift, sure, straight thrusts of her thought, which were an endless de- light to him, schooled as he was to con- sider women, in the mass, as creatures of emotion and impulse--beings whose nearest approach to intelligence was an intuition compounded nine parts of de- sire and one part of hope, with a trace, perhaps, of fear.  It was because Marcia really thought, as he thought, really dissociated herself and her prejudices and desires from her mental processes, that he had first con- sidered her as distinct from a world of women who were no more to him than more or less pleasing components of a great natural color scheme. It was as if a man, used to finding a mild pleasure in the contemplation of an autumn hill- side, content to consider its crimsons, umbers, chromes, and greens as splashes of color agreeably stimulating to the reti- nal nerves, should suddenly discover one leaf to be surpassingly individual, vivid- ly and intimately alive, a quiveringly sensitive being reacting as he reacted.  His first attitude had been that of the involuntary discoverer. He found him- self a Columbus standing on the shore of a new continent, the thrill of it un-     diminished by pre-calculations, an acci- dental astronomer before whose unex- pecting eye a glorious new planet swam into view. Instinct gave him the pro- prietory tone of all discoverers toward their discoveries. He had found her; she was his. It was a simple proposition in elementary male logic. And Marcia, with her deep, clear, understanding eyes, softly touched with humor, read his mind and, as a mother enters into the play- world of her child, suffered him to cling to his illusion. For all the splendid in- dependence of her, the fine passion of self-ownership which had kept her free of life's entangling alliances, she let this man dream that he had some title in her which took precedence even of her own.  Discoverers have always been just a little prone to ignore the prior patents of the aborigines. She did not quarrel with Porter Cresson's naïve establish- ment of a protectorate. Being Marcia Playre, it was given her to see beyond the man's boyish bent for strut and parade; to know and value the clean, fine, honest soul of him. Perhaps, even then, she understood that she was to love him as only the Marcia Playres may love--with clear eyes that penetrate il- lusion, and a courageous spirit that knows how soon, and in what ashen bitterness, the flowers fade.  I am trying to be just toward Porter Cresson, and it is less difficult than I had fancied it would be. There was no malice in him, then or later. As far as a man may be the thing men mean when they say the word gentleman, Cresson   33