6 "A Souvenir from Captain Butts"    suing submarine. He began to see pic- tures of an open boat exposed to shell fire, or of a German prison; and he had a vision or two of Captain Butts facing a firing squad in a German prison yard. He turned to the skipper, who was hum- ming a little tune.  "He's overhauling us, sir," he re- remarked.  "Looks that way to me," was the an- swer. "In fact, Mr. Briggs, I rather think he'll be alongside by eleven to- night."  Briggs looked at his captain and frowned. The imminent danger of cap- ture by a German submarine did not usu- ally produce smiles and doubtful har- mony in the merchant seaman of those days, and yet Captain Ephraim Butts was smiling and harmonizing through his teeth.  "Keep her as she is, Mr. Briggs," the skipper said. "I'm going below."  Down in the Captain's cabin there was a consultation. The consultees were Cap- tain Butts, McPherson and Ensign Starret.  "The facts are, Mr. Starret," said Captain Butts, "that we're letting that hound astern overhaul us. Mac here tells me he could outrun her if he wanted to."  "Then what's the idea?" asked the en- sign.  "They know we've got copper, and they want it. What they'll do to this crew is another question, but they won't sink the Asheville. They want her intact, and they'll try to get her into a German port somehow. That's why I doubt a great deal if they'll knock us about much. The old hooker must be capable of being run by a prize crew."  "But you don't intend to let 'em get away with that, surely," protested the ensign. "My orders are to--"  "Steady there," counseled McPherson.  "If you are thinking about turning this ship over to the enemy without putting up a fight, I'll have you know I'm not in on it," snapped the young officer. "My     job is to knock out every German I can, and if we get done in while doing that, why it's our job, that's all!" The young man's face grew red and his eyes snapped. "I didn't expect to get mixed up with a bunch of curs on any ship that ever flew our flag," he finished.  Captain Butts jumped to his feet and his tough little frame stiffened as he stepped forward.  "I'll thank you to keep a civil tongue in your head, Mr. Starret," he snapped. "You're in charge of your gun, but I'm in charge of my ship, and I don't mind telling you that I don't take talk like yours from any man, from the Admiral both ways. By the hokey, young man, but I've bashed the face off many a man for less than that!"  McPherson introduced a pacifying ac- cent into the situation.  "Ye'll be recallin' that ye've not yet been tellin' our young friend here, what ye're plan is, skipper. I've not th' least bit o' doot but that he thinks ye have in mind surrenderin' th' hooker, now."  He looked inquiringly at Starret, and the latter growled:  "It looks a lot like it to me."  "Then I'll be tellin' ye that there's nowt o' that in th' wind. Man, we're contem- platin' reversin' th' polarity o' that plan, an' doin' a bit o' diplomatic skulduggery o' oor own."  The result of the ensuing conference was that Starret was taken into the skip- per's confidence, and the incipient storm abated. When Butts had finished out- lining his plan, the young officer shoved out his hand.  "I'll apologize and take back every- thing I've said, Captain Butts," he re- marked. "And you can count on me to the last ditch. I'll admit I ought to have known you better."  "Then we understand each other," said the skipper. "The bulk of the crew will abandon ship as soon as the sub comes up; your men and some of the pick of my own will remain hid aboard here.