Ferdinand Reyher 65    His idea of running a business in a crisis was to look up the word crisis in the dictinoary, and then, turning to the Book of Customary Procedure, do what had always been done before in precisely the same way. Old man Carew, thought Mr. Holling, had been speaking ironical- ly about engaging an inexperienced ste- nographer- he could not have been seri- ous, of course not! Hunting, and being given, employment was a sacred proposi- tion in Mr. Holling's eyes; it was some- thing of mercantile ceremonial; a sort of commercial confirmation. One came humbly, with a starched air if not in a starched dress, bearing typewritten and properly endorsed catechisms of recom- mendations and references. No emer- gency nonsense about Mr. Holling. In his soul's horrified recoil from the spec- tacle of Hatty asking for a stenogra- pher's job on the basis of having been a telephone operator, he was hardly con- scious of what she said to him.  "Gee, Mr. Hollow, I learned to op'rate a switchboard in four days and that's some complicated job, I'll tell the world. You put me on and I'll guarantee--"  "Do you mean to say you have had no stenographic experience?" asked Mr. Denham, who had come up and over- heard.  "Gee, come to think of't, oncet I--" meditated Hatty slowly, but Mr. Denham gripped her arm firmly and checked her.  "Not another word, please!" he said almost harshly, before she could dig up from her past any incriminating evidence. "You're engaged! What's your name?"  Hatty beamed up at him with delight. Here was a man who appreciated great talents in the rough:  "Harriet Weller," she said.  "Here, write it down with your ad- dress and telephone."  Hatty scrawled it.  "Do you see that desk over there? From now on, that's to be your business residence, Come along please, Miss Weller."     He gently touched her elbow and Har- riet advanced toward her future business residence. Behind them, Mr. Holling was emitting gurgling noises expressive of supreme spiritual agony. It was al- ways a bitter reflection upon himself, felt Mr. Holling, that Charles Denham with his sense of humor, should be his imme- diate superior. This latest grotesquery of the humorous Denham, taking old man Carew literally at his word and en- gaging a "stenographer" whom certainly even Washington would never take from them, was really too much.  "Mr. Lamb, this is Miss Weller, one of our new stenographers," Mr. Denham was announcing soberly on the other side of the room to Johnny Lamb. "You'll be kind enough to give her what assist- ance she may need at first in becoming accustomed to the work."  So, having palmed off Hatty on sunny Johnny Lamb, Mr. Denham hastily de- parted from the room with all his sol- emnity intact--until the door shut behind him. Johnny stood there with a great grin, playing like May sunshine over his face. It was patent that he did not share Mr. Holling's attitude toward the ad- visability of attaching Hatty to the firm of Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough. He lifted the edge of the desk which was to be Hatty's. The central section made a combination leap and dive, and there stood Hatty's typewriter.  "Ooh!" said Hatty. "It's like a Jack- in-the-box, ain't it?"  "That's your typewriter," laughed Johnny.  "Gee!" said Hatty looking at the type- writer and transferring the wintergreen from the left to the right molars, "that don't look so awful hard to work, does it? Is it anything like a pieaner?"  Johnny threw back his head and laughed, and a ripple of sprightly titter- ing ran around the room. As they stood there, they looked like the joy twins; a sudden lightness had come into the place; the whole office, with the exception of