"Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"  A NOVELETTE  By Ferdinand Reyher    I  "YOUR job will be waiting when you get back " were the last words old man Carew said to Johnny Lamb as they shook hands be- fore the boy went to camp.  Once in a moment of wild excitement, Mr. Holling laid aside his manner of being in perpetual attendance at a pe- culiarly solemn memorial service and barked at Hatty:  "Say, young lady, what'n h-, er blazes, are you supposed to be round here, anyway?"  Hatty had so far been jostled out of her usual cheeky self-possession as to stand in open-mouthed amazement be- fore the startling tableau of the man of dignity in a towering rage. But she had speedily recovered her unquench- able self, smirked at him, and answered, with a triple wriggle of her chewing gum:  "Just Hatty!"  In a way, that was exactly it--that is to say, during the first months in which Hatty honored the otherwise nor- mal firm of Morningfield, Carew &amp; Mc- Cullough with her presence. Having been "just Hatty" at that time, explains, perhaps, her presence with the firm in the year of peace, 1919.  Hatty was a war relic. Regarded dis- passionately, one might say that she was     one of those recurrent minor atrocities of a war supposedly ended. She would have remained a simple lily of Harlem if it had not been for the war, and with no serious intent would she have ap- proached nearer to the swift running cur- rent of Nassau Street than One Hundred and Forty-sixth Street. The war made her; although to be just, she really dis- covered the war by herself, and in no sense could she have been called a war baby.  Business men will recall, sobbingly, that fatal winter, 1917-18, when a rapa- cious Government cast its hungry eye round for the last available crop of ste- nographers. There were whole days when the click of a typewriter in the abandoned region of Wall Street sounded as lonely as a nightingale in Yonkers. Then, when all the good stenographers and passable typists had surged toward the Potomac, a herd of wild ones stam- peded the hitherto peaceful, domestic offices. Daily they came, the silk stock- ing army from Jersey City, Queens, and Rahway to register at one of those busi- ness colleges where they make a Schwab secretary between Tuesday and Friday of the same week, position guaranteed. After six days and a diploma, the un- loosed host's of Remington and Under- wood overran lower Broadway, wild for plunder. To be a stenographer within walking distance of Wall Street in 1918, was like being an heiress once upon a   61