20 The Harbor    alarming clearness. Her tragic disap- pointment made it a never-to-be-forgot- ten event. Crowded together were all the members of the family, frightened like dull animals at the solemnity of the occasion. Frain, Emma and Hulda gathered in a group near their eldest brother, Egbert, who looked as if he were listening to words spoken in a strange, fascinating language. Mother Hansen sat a bit apart, as if she had no right to take an active part in the quarrel. Be- side her was an empty little rocker where Hilma had spent many hours, humming as she rocked, like a little girl. Even Karen did not suspect that her mother was ceaselessly caressing, in the darkness of her pocket, one of the girl's beloved ribbons.  Auntie stood a little in front of a group of agreeing relatives, and before them all, Karen and her father paced up and down, like speakers in a debate-- talking, talking, talking!  "No one shall lizzen to her! Shut up!" her father roared, and then flew into a torrent of angry speech. The family did not have to clean up or change its way of living. Did not people pay them well for boarding them? The coughing boys were merely lazy--they could work if they cared to. The girls were not bad, never; they were smart. Smartness removed all sting of evil. Hilma was the fool. She had gotten into silly trouble. Karen was another fool-- coming home, spending money, because her mother, the great stupid, had sent her word about Hilma. What if the man to whom they had just married Hilma did come from a hut beside the cranberry marsh--he of the humped back? Had not the city boy's father paid the crooked man to marry Hilma? It had cost them nothing! Why fuss? The thing might happen to anyone. Lucky there had been a crooked man handy. What if Egbert were thin? What if his chest did pain him? All could not have plenty in this world! Why howl always of the     dirt? The good Lord made it, did He not?  The mother, staring backward at her brood, had slipped away to call back the spirit of baby Selma, to plant childish flowers in a warm, sheltered corner of her garden--candy-tuft, pink poppies, and forget-me-nots.  Karen never forgot the first result of the family meeting. Someone had wak- ened her in the middle of the night. Someone with gray, visionary eyes, had sat upon her bed and asked her ques- tion after question. A cold, thin hand had pressed hers gratefully, and lips that seemed old despite the softness of youth, had kissed her, and the next morning her father had ranted about Egbert, the wise fool who had run away in the night, he with his fine talk of education, with nothing but a cough and a pair of worn shoes to his name.  Suddenly, sitting in that dusty barn, Karen stretched her arms eagerly out toward another shadowy vision. With a little cry, she dropped them, shuddering to think that memory could be so potent, for, after all those years, she thought she was holding Emma in her arms again, Emma who had died, coughing, in the midst of the boarding season, while the old father stuffed and padded the walls with horse blankets to keep the tumult of her sickness from the rest of the hotel. Karen's heart had ached far worse than the lungs of the poor girl who had been cheated out of all the world--even out of life itself.  After that, life at the Hansen Hotel was just an orgy of doctors and nurses and beefsteaks and cream and eggs-- with death, who refused to loosen his grip, leering in at the windows of the square house of dreams.  For three years, Karen, with a de- termined expression on her face, scrubbed; but alas, she scrubbed too late.  One spring, Egbert returned. In March, with the wind howling in the trees, with rain beating in the windows,