Roger Hartman 43    out the inconvenient sequel of going to a "far, far better rest." He could have all the sensations of self-immolation, and then, rubbing off the grease-paint and hanging the powdered wig on its block, could put a gardenia in his button-hole, tilt back his topper, and drive, in a beau- tiful limousine, to what welcome waited him chez Madesmoiselle Strang! All of which Marcia saw quite as clearly as I did. To secure it for her darling, she was perfectly willing to butcher a dozen sober-sided old adorers like me, and her- self into the bargain. Still, I went. One good point about being fifty is that one learns to do with half-loaves rather nicely.  We were married--a bleak, civil cere- mony in an ugly law-office--a week after the decree had been signed. Marcia wore traveling things and looked quite pleas- ant about it. She sent a cable to Cresson from the railway station.  "I want him to know it's final--a closed chapter," she explained. She would have had me help her with the composition of that cable, but I managed to avoid it. I was having a touch of gout, you see. Gout seemed to be the most suitable ailment--aristocratic, mod- erately painful--and beautifully sugges- tive of aging decrepitude. Besides, one can travel with it--in a compartment. I had read up on the symptoms and I flat- tered myself that I was convincing in the part. At least, Marcia hovered over me with a charming solicitude all the way east. Women, I think, enjoy little ill- nesses in others.  It was rather hard to remember that she was my wife. I kept thinking of her as Porter Cresson's wife, thanking her as one thanks a friendly outsider for little services. It wasn't pleasant to look ahead and see myself feigning old age until I no longer needed to pretend--I believe I ventured to construct air-castles in which Marcia would presently dis- cover that she always had cared for me, air-castles in which I was permitted to     resume my proper self, to be as young and eager and foolish as I felt. But I knew that they were only dreams. Such things don't happen.  There was a cable for Marcia at New York. I knew it would be from Cresson, and I knew, too, what was in it. She showed it to me as we drove to the pier --my poor foot lifted carefully to the op- posite seat of the cab.  Congratulations to you both. Edith and I married yesterday. Porter.  I managed to appear surprised. Mar- cia evidently expected it of me. She folded the flimsy sheet small and tore it meditatively, letting the fragments flut- ter through the window. I tried not to look at her, but her silence drew my eyes against my will. I could see her profile, touched with a distant sadness that hurt me horribly. But there was nothing I could do. I complained fretfully about an entirely mythical twinge in my foot. She leaned forward and adjusted the cushion skilfully. It took two porters to assist me up the gangplank and along the deck. I saw that it was best to risk overplaying my part. Marcia needed something to distract her. Nursing is a sovereign anodyne for feminine heart- aches. I saw her lips twitch a little as I collapsed into the chair where my porters deposited me. I had a sudden, horrible fear that she was going to let go. If she cried--if Marcia cried--I knew that I shouldn't be able to keep my little secrets under that test.  The door closed; I heard the clink of silver as Marcia tipped the men. For safety's sake, I had shut my eyes and was leaning back, behaving as much like the interesting invalid as I could. There was an interlude of silence. Then, so sud- denly that I gasped and stared, Marcia pulled away my foot-rest and let my falsely petted foot drop with a thud on the carpet. It was so unexpected that I