Robert W. Sneddon 55    should not have robbed you of words, you a notary, experienced in matters of this kind."  But Chautard did not appear to hear. He seemed to be listening for some ex- pected sound.  "Can it be possible," suggested the antique dealer in a modest whisper to his brother, "that he is afraid Victor will be taken from him?"  Chautard looked up fiercely.  "The child is ours. Mon dieu! Why should we give him back to misery?"  "Not to misery, my friend," said the apothecary gently, "not to misery, but to his father."  "His father! You are talking senti- ment now. In the trenches, what time has his father to think of anything but the filth, the rats, the noise, the hazard of death, the assault? He has no time for paternity. Tell me, what has a sol- dier to do with a child?"  "You are wrong, Chautard," said the apothecary in a voice which he could not keep from trembling. "You are wrong. Without the children, we should have no soldiers. For what does a soldier fight? For his country, an acre of land, a house, a city? No! He fights for the family, for the many families which make up a nation. If he has no family of his own, he fights for the family of his neighbor, for the wife who has no man; for the girl who has no brother, for the child who has no father. He fights that they, too, may live and breathe the air of the good God in liberty, in equality, in fellowship, that each may have his or her rightful chance. He fights with all his courage--for an ideal, perhaps you will say. But a father--a father fights with his love behind him. He defends the doorway of his home; he stands across the cradle. Listen, old friend; we others who are, like you, with- out children, we understand. Perhaps we too might have done as you. But now--where is that address? Let us send Madame Destries to bring this     father here if she can--and then, we can talk things over."  Without a word, Chautard fumbled in his pocket and brought out the scrap of paper on which he had noted down the address. It was in the rue de Grenelle, close by. Madame Destries was des- patched with orders to say nothing be- yond the invitation to come, and in si- lence they waited. Once, Chautard tried to speak, but Gravault laid his hand on his shoulder, almost in a caress.  "Wait," he counseled. "Wait. When the time comes, our hearts will speak the right word."  Victor Florin came back with Madame Destries, his honest face flushed with his haste.  "Ah, Monsieur Gravault, this is a pleasure," he cried. "Pleased to make your acquaintance, m'sieu. Good eve- ning, Monsieur Chautard. Lucky you caught me. I was just about to go to the hospital. What is it you want of me? You have heard my news, eh? You have heard something from the vil- lage?"  The excitement died from his eyes as Gravault the elder shook his head.  "We have heard nothing from the vil- lage, but--but there is someone"--he sought for words. "Dame!" he contin- ued roughly. "There is someone you know here to see you. Go with Madame Destries." And he thrust him out of the room.  Madame Destries came back almost at once. She was between laughing and crying.  "Never have I seen anything like it. No! Not even in the cinema. It was beautiful, messieurs. What a man! At first he could not believe--and the little one sleeping like an angel--and then when he picked him up, to his breast--I thought of my little Henri, and I could not say. . . ." She looked at them plead- ingly. "He will not take little Victor away, surely."  The door burst open. A new Florin