"A Souvenir from Captain Butts"  By Robert Campbell    MAYBE you've heard of Captain Ephraim Butts. It is just pos- sible that you've met him if you've ever done any scouring of the Seven Seas. Dig back into your memory for a wiry, choleric, ruddy man about five feet eight, with snapping gray-blue eyes and the general air of being about to blow up; always as trig as a model in a Fifth Avenue shop, and always with his blue cap set at just a little of an angle on his lean, terrier-like head. Slip on his chin a slightly grizzled fringe of a goatee, giv- ing him a fierce and impulsive look, cock his head at an inquiring angle, and add a sharp, raspy voice, holding tones that made you jump to hear it, and you have a fair picture of Captain Butts. I say, dig back into your memory; but if you have ever seen Butts you won't have to dig far, for Butts is a man whom no one ever for- got, and many have cause to remember.  Captain Butts had been to sea ever since he could remember. Before the war began, he had earned his reputation all over the wet wastes where ships travel, because no emergency ever found him helpless. He drove his ship here and there, and when the seas would take toll of him and his ship, Butts snarled at     them, set his tough little frame to the job, and whipped them. Since the war, he had had three ships torpedoed under him, had an Admiralty record of sinking three, "tin fish," as he most impolitely called the submarines, and was possessed of a secret sorrow. So much for the past his- tory of Captain Ephraim Butts. Now for the newest things; newer and stranger- so strange that to no one except Butts, who made the circumstances, could they have occurred. The Asheville lay in the Erie Basin, waiting orders to join a convoy. In her capacious hold reposed something like eight thousand tons of copper. It was to be delivered at the Albert docks up the Thames. Captain Butts walked swiftly up and down the Asheville's bridge, and now and then cast a cocky eye up at the wireless antennae, as if he expected to see the message for which he was waiting come skittering down the aerials. Up the bridge ladder climbed Angus McPherson, the grizzled, but wholly capable chief en- gineer of the Asheville. McPherson and Captain Butts knew each other to the last eyelash. They never agreed on any single subject, apart from the fact that they had the upmost confidence in each other; re-  1