World for All Other Crimes-- 25    beach. "We shall marry and live here safely on the cliffs. We shall bring up our children to be good, to see good, and to do good!"  "Kent, I can't come. I came to tell you that. After all, Life cheated me, Life cheated you! You came too late! The waiting was all for nothing. My children are but two old women who sit beside the fire thinking of the spirits of their lost youth--in the square house of dreams."  "I'll take care of the old women, I'll take care of every one," Kent almost screamed at her retreating figure.  "I can't come; I promised," Karen sobbed back, as she stumbled along the cliff pathway. "I promised, and it nearly broke my heart-- Oh, Kent, don't break what little heart is left--don't break it all!"  Karen ran blindly along, sentences and words beating at her brain, harsh thoughts forming into expression on her lips. Suggestions of things she had been thinking ever since she was a tiny girl burst from her mouth. The world was a dwelling place of selfish monsters! Monsters that sapped and fed upon her life and heart's blood! As long as she could feed those who demanded food, nothing else mattered. After all, what was a lonely life? What counted a bruised heart?  Beneath her feet curved the harbor, a place of shelter for voyage-worn ships. Pines crept to the water's edge and the blue sky arched high its unheeding head     like a great, smooth bell. Above tossing, green waves, sea gulls, pink legs tucked under shining wings, wheeled and shrieked in everlasting freedom. From an old house of dreams, smoke drifted across the world--a gray flag of memories and from a little house in the pines some one sang on and on about a harbor--for God's saints.  Karen laughed aloud at the song. What a taunt--when two old women could mar and torture life year after year.  Suddenly, her tear-blinded eyes became aware of a familiar little be-shawled figure standing mutely beside her, listen- ing to the music. The girl turned ab- ruptly away.  The little figure crept nearer and, a bit timidly, placed her hand on Karen's arm.  "I'm a saint. Ain't I suffered enough --to make a saint? Will giving happi- ness give peace? Aye, it does! Karen, I know--at last! Punishment is over, you are a saint, I am a saint. Me and Auntie--together we shall make out. My good child has done no wrong. She is a saint in the happy harbor. Run, oh, run--let some one make it a happy har- bor--here where we all died from sor- row. Oh, make it a happy harbor, at last!"  Gently at first, and then sternly, using all her failing strength, the old woman pushed Karen back toward the man who had earned her, and who waited for her in the house on the cliffs above the harbor.     WORLD, FOR ALL OTHER CRIMES By Harry Kemp  WORLD, for all other crimes forgiven, This can never be atoned; The braying jackass is rewarded And the singing bird is stoned.