32 The Return    the far corner Foo Chow noted a bed, the white-faced occupant of which was vainly trying to rise. Just as he made for him the bomb struck fair, plunged through the roof and exploded in the room with a blinding flash and a crash- ing scattering of deadly fragments. There was a moment of paralysis among all of them while the smoke cleared. One of the nurses who had been thrown to her knees rose unsteadily and noticed Foo Chow standing upright and perfect- ly motionless amid the tangled wreck- age. Upon his usually imperturbable face was an expression of puzzled in- credulity, and he looked down with amazed eyes at the spreading stain soil- ing the immaculate whiteness of his coarse night garment. Then he raised his head, looked with a sudden smile at the waiting white face in the corner bed, and toddled toward it.  The nurse, realizing he had been badly hit, was after him as fast as she could go, but before she reached him Foo Chow had his third burden in his arms and was moving with it, somewhat un- steadily now, toward the hall door.  "Foo, Foo Chow, put that man down!" the nurse commanded. "You're hurt yourself; you must not--"  "All light, all light--can do," he in- sisted and teetered out and down the stairs, wavering somewhat uncertainly, but gathering all his strength to reach the cellar with his burden.     The nurse had to turn back. Others demanded her immediate attention. There was the crash of another bomb, and yet another, and through the smoke, the wreck and the confusion, the groans and cries of those stricken demanded her aid. Above them the venomous humming faded into the distance as the cowardly destroyer sped off under the stars that blinked as if to shut out the shameful sight of him from the eyes of his victims.  Again Foo Chow entered the room. Now his steps lagged. The stain upon his nightshirt had widened and spread. The yellow of his face had faded to a pasty gray, and over his dull eyes a film was spreading. Clearing it away with a backward brush of his hand, he looked about the room for another of his com- rades to be carried below. He started unsteadily toward a still occupied bed. Just as he reached it the nurse turned to see him sway, crumple, and collapse, with groping hands that still stretched out in their work of rescue. As she gained his side, he made a pitiful effort to get upon his feet, but weakness conquered the im- pulse. He looked up into her face for a moment with something of the old smile upon' his now colorless lips. Then his gaze fell to the slow, spreading stain on his breast. He shook his head weakly, the tired eyes closed, the lips struggled to frame the last words: "No--can-- do."     THE RETURN  By Harrison Dowd  THEN love, that dry as dust old thing, Came kneeling by my bed. "Though you've renounced me many times, I'm here again," he said. And I, whose tears were scarcely dry From the last angry pain, Reached out and grasped his withered hand- And found him young again!