28 Studies in Saffron    to linger behind and drop at last like a dead lily pad to the muddy bottom of a logy canal. Behind the coolie, his wife and children floated on a man-made water way, eking out a bare living with a flock of ducks the boy tended and a few cor- morants, those falcons of the rivers, which fished for their masters as philo- sophically as the submissive coolies delved for the mandarins for their meagre food. Either they would remain thus, on a coolie level, or he would raise them, with the assistance of many Foreign Devils' yen, to admire him in a mer- chant's cap when he should return tri- umphant from the Dragon's Field. Thus he dreamed behind the imperturbable mask of his face, the faint, set smile of which won many grins from the Foreign Devil soldiers, who made him the good- natured butt of their rough jokes.  Foo Chow they particularly singled out because of his willingness to do any- thing that came to his hand. No mat- ter what was required of him, his un- varying reply was "Can do." If the short-handed cook at the mess tent want- ed brought over from the commissary a load that looked too much for two men to handle, Foo Chow somehow got under it with his cheerful "Can do," and tee- tered off. If the doughboys wanted their clothes washed, they naturally singled out Foo Chow for the imposition, and though he might have toiled like a galley slave through a long, trying day, he would smilingly accept the added burden with his invariable "Can do." If, with the filth, mud, and grime of a long ses- sion in the trenches, the rest billet got into the condition of an Augean stables, the cleaning of it was always assigned to this diminutive yellow Hercules, who accepted the unenviable commission with his philosophical "Can do," for Foo Chow had the sort of faith in himself that moves mountains, and if someone had asked him to go and fetch the moon, habit no doubt would have prompted him to reply without the least hesitation,     "Can do," and immediately start upon the mission, confident of his ability to get the satellite.  Now, the doughboys resting after a stretch of active service have a rough and unintentionally inconsiderate humor, and they very naturally turned Foo Chow's super-willingness to their pleas- ure as well as profit. He became a sort of serious, unconscious comedian for them. So long as there was nothing to which he would not answer "Can do," they took the keenest delight in putting him up to the impossible.  When a refractory mule went on a strike and refused to submit to the galling trappings of labor, one of the teamsters insisted that even Foo Chow could not harness him. "Can do," replied that individual with his usual alacrity and the stubborn courage of an inborn pride in his ability to accomplish anything. He was rescued from the rash attempt with some difficulty, but, several hours later, he appeared with a chastened and subdued quadruped and a triumphant "Can do!" though how the task had been accomplished was something that for- ever remained a Chinese puzzle to the would-be jokers.  The engineers in dull moments were given to sending him on long trips back to the supply station to get left-handed monkey wrenches, back-cutting saws, and all the other supposedly humorous impossibilities that have done such time- honored service; and many were the arguments in spluttering pidgin English in which Foo Chow indulged, while try- ing to live up to his much vaunted "Can do." The camp cooks, looking to escape labor, would insist that Foo could not cook this or that, and he would indig- nantly refute the allegation to his nick- name by an immediate demonstration, no matter how much extra time he put in at the expense of his own meagre leisure. In vain his shrewder country- men would point out to him the folly of his ways. Foo Chow had his pride