Volume s, no. 5 January, 1913 dollar a ^ ear An Illustrated Magazine by Indians Published Monthly by THE CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIA& magazine issueb in tfye interest of tfje iStatfoe American top CarlisleJXfcb ifH&n ^ M. FRIEDMAN, Editor. Volume 5	January, 1913	NuMB*^ Contents: Cover Design—Indian Blacksmiths— By William Deitz (Lone Star), Sioux Industrial Progress of the Nez Perces and Other Northwest Indians—Illustrated— By Frederick A. Woeflen - - - Carlisle System Trains Students for Life— By Harvey K. Meyer - - - - Ne-bun-esh-kink; The Ideal Soldier— By J. A. GilfiUan - - - - Getting into the Job You Are Fitted For— By Meyer Bloomfield, Director of Vocational Guidance, Boston -	-	-	- Indians Much in the News Now-a-Days—	^ From the Brooklyn Citizen - - - Indian Legends, Stories, and Customs Editorial Comment— Congressional Appropriations for Indian Civilization - Indians Needless Victims of Diseases Osages Gain by Change - Among Our Contemporaries - Concerning Ex-Students and Graduates - 183 $ # 20- 209 210 21* 222 PUBLISHED BY U. S. INDIAN SCHOOL. CARLISLE. PA.	. Entered as second-claw matte:. Ten numbers each year. One dollar per rear. Primed br Indians of ,1V under the initructlon ol Arthur G. Brown. Art work and Indian designs under the direction ol Anael Dfco William Lone Star.THE RED MAH Industrial Progress of the Nez Perces and Other Northwest Indians: By Frederick A. Woelflen. HAT Uncle Sam has been successful in his endeavors to civilize, educate, and make the Northwest Indian a prosperous and contented citizen of the United States is evident from the careful investigation of his growth. It is a fatigable question when an inquisitor asks you, “Is the American Indian a drag on the best interests of western development?” Ignorance of the actual conditions surrounding their Progress “up from savagery” and inacquaintance with the adver- sities of academic and vocational education which the tribes of the nierican Northwest have experienced have brought down upon . e Indian volumes of unjustifiable criticism and contempt. It is '/npossible ^or people not conversant with Indian life of the West ully to appreciate what is being done for them not only by the overnment, but what they as tribes and individuals of a clan are °ing to better themselves and for the uplift of their standards of 1Vlng- They are doing much that must be accredited to them on eir own initiative. In order that the greatest credence may be given to this state- ment it must be shown what development has taken place since the tribes of the Northwest were a roving lot—a restless mob of '^ndals. In the history of the Pacific Northwest probably the greatest character as a warrior yet a peacemaker, a monarch yet a savage, a hero yet an unapproachable demon in war, is Chief Joseph of the Nez Perces. The struggles of these people do not date back more than four decades; their history as a tribe, in a c'iniax of their glory, was made when the Middle West was a thickly Populated center of the country. Their modern history is almost new> and their development has come since the opening of the.....it ............^yrw^w^r^emssnbyts^ 184 " ' THIjE^DMAN : Janum' 1 U\......ik,ii».....niith.juti^iL.iiis.....................uk...-^! timbered and arid areas of the Pacific Coast; but now they are ® race of progressive, thrifty, industrious, and aggressive pe°P.' oiling their rich lands, unincumbered by debt, and producing the*1’ pro rata share to fill the great granary of the United States. In their rovings over the lonely stretches between the Rockies an the Pacific Ocean, in their warfare, in their moments of latent valiance, Chief Joseph held uppermost in his mind those element of peacemaking which have contributed so materially to the sett ment and production of homes for a fairer race than he chaW pioned. It is said that, while with his shattered band of Ida warriors he viewed the vast plains and valleys then bearing the fre® footprints of Lewis and Clark, he told his tribe of the future of1 lands that they should be compelled to abandon to give to the more aggressive pioneer. He wanted to settle down by “V banks of the Snake River, enjoy the fish and the game that abound^ in it and about its banks, and till the fertile lands that lay above * In a targe measure die tribe has followed his teaching. It ^aS settled in a little valley that is rich in historical memories of pion®®|j life of the Northwest It is a tribe of which the more establish® red skins of the Middle States may feel justly proud, in face of1 inclement conditions. Those not acquainted with the conditions among the Indian- imagine that he is yet a being painted in gorgeous colors and giveI> to massacre and destruction. Were those persons to-day to g° the little settlement of the Nez Perces in Idaho, a few miles dista from Lewiston, these lurid impressions would readily be dispell® • Settled in a picturesque little valley may now be found 1 remnants of this valiant tribe, owning prosperous-looking homes an farms and tilling with their own hands the lands made rich by { “man who has made the water run up hill.” Beside their whit® neighbors they have erected homes that would do credit to a*1) American tiller of the soil. They cultivate fields the yields of whic often surpass those of their fairer-skinned competitors. As evidences of their eagerness to rise to a plane higher tha1* they can hope to enjoy, these Indians, not educated by books, by hand-to-hand association with nature, are sendingtheir children to the white schools to prepare them for that education to which all In1- ans aspire but all cannot attain. Prosperity with them has not dull® the edge of progressiveness. Uncle Sam has provided those f»cl'p January 'ill ( TheKedMan j ties of practical education which have rendered tillage of the soil a pleasure and a profit. He has employed expert agriculturists to instruct them in the proper rotation of their crops, to show them how to care for their orchards, and how to raise stock uninfected by disease. He has employed women to cooperate with the Indian housewife, that she may better be enabled to apply the principles of home sanitation, hygiene, and dietetics. This has had a wonder- ful effect in broadening the view of what can be accomplished by the race. Indians have shown extreme aptitude in adopting the more progressive methods of performing their household duties. The variegated blanket has been replaced by the more modern tunic; the long braid has been transformed into a more attractive ton- sorial fashion; the moccasin has given way to the American footwear, and the tepee has passed into legendary history, to be replaced by the attractive, well-furnished, clean, and cosy home. The Idaho tribe is classed as being one of the richest in the country. Its reservation, rich in diversity of agricultural pursuits, covers over a hundred thousand acres of farm and timber lands in the Northwest. Although much of their holdings has passed in- to the hands of the more aggressive race, they still retain approxi- mately 170,000 acres of the best land that money can buy. In dollars and cents the tribe, numbering five less than 2,000 members, is worth $6,000,000. The average Indian farmer tills his farm, varying in size from 40 to 300 acres. There are many whose wealth exceeds $100,000. After reviewing the brilliant career of these Northwest Indians, whose pioneer adventures are not less brilliant than those of the Sioux, the Cherokees, or the Choctaws, it might be believed that it would be difficult for them to cast off their migratory ways and settle down to industrial life, but through the assistance of Uncle Sam’s agents they have come to appreciate what land can do for them. Thousands of dollars have been expended annually by the Government for the general welfare of the tribe, all of which is beginning to show results. As a guardian of their affairs, Uncle Sam has been a good steward, and if he can bring to maturity that which he is now planning, the Nez Perce Indians will not be a de- teriorating people, but will become a healthy, and increasing race. The Government, as well as the churches of the Northwest, is sending special women agents to teach them the finer duties of; 186 Jl TH^fenMAN | ■'»■« I household occupations, to instruct them in cooking, sewing. an^ other arts of the home. Gradually women are abandoning the bright-colored blankets to take up the twentieth-century fashions, with modern headgear to carry out the modern aspect of Indian life; The Northwest Indians are good financiers. They are “close and frugal in all their investments. They are characterized as 3 “spot-cash” people, not because they are compelled to deal out their cash, but more particularly because they are able to transact a cash business. It will be hard to find anywhere in the whole United States a people more prosperous, contented, and thrifty and who within a brief period of time have arisen to the distinction as a race that has been achieved by the American Indians of the Northwest.Carlisle System Trains Indian Students for Life: By Harvey K. Meyer. UNIQUE organization of school work is that now in vogue at the Carlisle Indian School, whereby a student may acquire an education without any ex- pense whatsoever and where the opportunity is afforded, besides, for the earning and accumulation of an amount of money that can be utilized in home building, home furnishing, or in business at the termination of the school period. Students are not admitted at Carlisle unless they can establish a claim to at least one-fourth degree of Indian blood. Those accepted for enrollment are provided with transportation from their homes to Carlisle. Tuition, board, clothing, and all other essentials are given students from the fund that is annually appropriated by Con- gress for the maintenance of the school. However, as all students are required to devote an equal amount of time to the academic work and some selected vocational activity, it has been found by the compilation of carefully kept daily records that by the everyday work the students earn an aggregate total that compares very favor- ably with the amount made available by Congress. Last year the value of the labor of the students and the products turned out by them in connection with the instruction work reached the big total of $101,088.53. Thus a certain amount of labor, resultant from the students’ practical application of instruction given, is the only actual compen- sation and material return for the complete education afforded. In addition to this very radical departure from the usual business requirements in connection with school work, students get the op- portunity to make use of their training in earning money under what is known as the “Outing System.” Employment under this system is so regulated that it is an apprenticeship rather than mere service for the sake of remuneration, and during the months of............................................ ^ 188 II TheEedMak t -I cessation from the academic work the majority of the students avail themselves of this opportunity to broaden further the instruc- tion given by their labors in manufacturing establishments, on farms, and in selected homes, and to utilize the training they have received in working for wages. This system was put into operation in 1880, one year after the Carlisle School was opened, when two students were placed in homes of kindly disposed Quaker ladies. From this beginning it has grown to the extent that last year 463 boys and 332 girls, or a total of 795, received this opportunity of employment during a part of the year. The first idea of the organization was to take advantage of the cooperation extended by the patrons of the system in the additional training it afforded, and, although a large sum is now represented by the total earnings of such outing students, the educa- tional value of such constructive work is not lost sight of nor con- sidered of lesser importance. During the past several years the majority of the young men furthest advanced in their selected trade have been at work during the vacation months at their special line of work. Students apply for this privilege of such apprenticeship during the school year, and, after it has been determined that the general efficiency and standing of the applicant is satisfactory, the matter of selecting a suitable place of employment gets attention. In all cases employers must give satisfactory references before they may obtain a student’s assistance. In all cases where girls are to be placed m homes for the practice of the household arts one of the two so-called “field agents” visits each home and files a report, which, in all cases, must be entirely favorable to insure further consideration. One of the conditions is that a girl must be taken in as a member of the fam- ily and that the patron will not spare time or energy in teaching the girl the more practical side of domestic science and domestic economy. There are more than twice as many applications each year 3s can be considered from employers who agree to give the students this home life and to cooperate with the school in looking after the physical, moral, and mental welfare of those who are selected for them. The earnings of students during their period under the Outing System last year amounted to a total of $30,234.64, Since the systemwas put into operation the large sum of $521,179,43 has been earned, I he greater part of such earnings must be saved, and is placed on deposit, at interest, to the student’s credit. A regular banking department is maintained to care for these funds, and $40,000 is usually the sum so held for students. In many cases several hundred dollars or more has been accu- mulated during a period of enrollment at Carlisle, and when stu- dents complete a course and go to their homes they have the necessary funds to establish homes of their own or to supply what is required to go into business or to take up work in their special trade or line of work. Carlisle is the finishing school for the smaller training schools maintained by the National Government for the education of Indian young men and women. With the broadening influence that is in- culcated by constant association with the patrons of this Outing System and by working shoulder to shoulder with men and women °f the more aggressive white race, not a little of the credit for the success of students trained at Carlisle must be given to the splendid system whereby they learn to take places in everyday life before their school days are over. With ready funds on hand at the termination of their period in school, and the lessons in frugality taught them by the required saving of their earnings the Carlisle students have not only a com- plete education whereby they can begin life as useful members of their communities and economic factors in their relations to their fellow citizens, but they have a considerable asset whereby they can make a more encouraging and better start.Ne-bun-esh-kink, The Ideal Soldier: By J. A. Gilfillan. HE subject of this brief sketch was a full-blood Oj'*3' way, born about the year 1835, near Gull Lake, Mi11' nesota, 11 miles northeast of where the city of Brainer now stands. When he grew to man’s estate he was on® of the bravest of the Ojibways in their perpetual war® with the Dakotas or Sioux. As the bravest of the brave he was the most respected warrior of the nation. In the sixties, the Ojibvva)s were living in the little frontier town of Crow Wing, in a most wretch- ed and dreadful state. Their former missionary at Gull Lake’ James Loyd Breck, had been driven off and the mission buildup burned after the troubles following the Sioux massacre of 1^62. There were, therefore, no good influences to protect them. The devil was let loose. Crow Wing was a frontier town of saloons, a® the scum of frontier whites gathered there. There were also manJ mixed-bloods who joined in the dreadful revelry. Whisky flo'vefl like water, and the most of the population lived for whisky, 1°" dances, gambling, and general debauchery. The poor Ojibways> thrown into this seething caldron, lived, as one of them afterward* told me, in the “very fire.” Before they knew white men and their vices, their lives had, in their native Gull Lake, been peaceful, oT' derly, and comparatively happy. Now the cup of suffering 'vaS pressed to their lips, and they were made to drain it to the very dregs. All their earthly possessions, except an old blanket, and everything they earned by the sale of berries, furs, by hunting, or by working for the lumbermen, went for the dreadful “fire water- And with their last earthly possession, the blanket, they were rolling in the dust, for they did not have even a bed or a wigwam. The women and even the children followed the universal example around them. The aged Ojibway clergyman, Enmegabowh, who was 'n Crow Wing during that dreadful time, though almost in hiding, told the writer that a record which he kept there and which he still had By J. A.Conditions Among the Five Civilized‘Tribes SCENES AMONG THE CHEROKEES OF OKLAHOMAP January ( TheEedMan |t........».......; showed that some hundreds, perhaps three or more, of Ojibways, °ut of a total population of perhaps 1100, had been murdered in Crow Wing in a year or two. Many of these murders were of each other when crazy from fire water, and when they did not know what they were doing. The white element in Crow Wing looked on the Indians as their natural prey and acted accordingly, and most of those who were partly white, but who were educated, and could speak the English language, took the same view. But God, who is good, saw the unutterable misery of his poor Ojibway children and opened for them a blessed avenue of escape. The beautiful White Earth Reservation, the garden spot of beauti- ful Minnesota, about 110 miles to the northwest of Crow Wing, was secured for them for a new home where they could begin a new life away from all the dreadful conditions that surrounded them. It contained 36 townships of prairie timber, lovely lakes, groves, and streams—an earthly paradise fresh from the hands of its Maker. It had never been defiled by man’s occupancy; it had been kept concealed for them till now. The unspeakable misery of the Ojib- ways aroused in them the desire for a different life; they made prep- aration to start. But now came the mighty head chief of all the Chippewas, the famous Hole-in-the-day, representing all the interests that wished to detain the poor Indians still longer in that furnace, that they might continue to prey upon them—representing the liquor inter- ests, the gambling interests, and the Indian traders. This mighty Hole-in-the-day, just as the Indians were ready to start, barred the way, and declared that the first man who attempted to go toward White Earth should be killed. He and the others did not want their city of Crow Wing to be broken up by any exodus, nor their revenues cut off. “Sir, ye perceive that by this trade we have our wealth.” The Ojibways drew back terrified when the head chief thus barred their way, and did not know what to do. Then it was that the hero and the leader came to the front. Ne-bun-esh-kink stepped out and drew his long butcher knife and held it in his hand ready to strike, and taking the road to White Earth in front of them all said, "I see salvation for my children in that place—White Earth—and I see it nowhere else. I will bury this knife in the breast of the first man who attempts to stop me from saving my children, be he whom he may.’’ With that he started on the road,and the Indians, having found a leader, fell in behind him. Those who would have attempted to stop them were afraid to try it. The cursed village of Crow Wing was emptied and is to-day a desolate prairie. The joyful Ojibways marched on Hke the Israelites from under the bondage of Pharaoh, and on the 14th of June, 1868, they set eyes for the first time on the earthly paradise of lakes, groves, and prairies, that was thenceforth to be their home. O, what a different life! A hundred miles away from white men: no whisky, no gambling, no murder. Each family took land; 1°.? houses were built for them by the Government; they were given rations till they could raise a crop; oxen, wagons, seed, and far® implements were also furnished. Schoolhouses were put up 111 their midst for the children. But the best of all, and the crown of all—a log church—was given them not by the Government, but bv individuals, and their old friend En-me-gah-bowh, a full-blood Cana' dian Ojibway, was placed in it as their minister. Here they met every Sunday to sing their Ojibway hymns, to review their past liveS in Gull Lake and Crow Wing, and to listen to the blessed Gospel preached to them in their own Ojibway tongue. Here at last, amidst those beautiful surroundings, amidst the lovely peaceful groves and prairies of White Earth, their weary spirits at lastf found rest. AH that they had suffered in Crow Wing now seemed like a dreadful nightmare. Oh, how sweet was the awakening, to find that it was all past and gone. All these things had their natural and blessed effect. The words of En-me-gab-bowh in their ears every Lord’s Day bore fruit in their hearts; they threw off the old life and put on the new. A great many of them, both men and women, were baptized and becam6 Christians. En-me-gah-bowh saw more fruit than in all the previ' ous years of his ministry. One of the first to cut off his scalp lock and be baptized was the hero and leader, Ne-bun-esh-kink; and having raised that standard he held it high, with all the intensity that was a part of his nature, and never lowered it. The writer first saw him in 1873, when he had been a Christian for some years. He was a man of medium size, dressed in citizen s clothes, with good regular features—a face where all was harmonious- In his eyes was an inquiring, searching look, a look from which it would have been impossible to conceal anything. Good nature and good judgment were there, but above all, resoluteness. Thoughbrought up in the unfavorable surroundings of an Indian village, though having passed through the dreadful experiences of Crow Wing, and though utterly without education, yet here was a man! A rounded, full, complete man, by whatever means he had attained it. In any company of the most highly educated, of the most highly civilized, he would have been recognized as no whit inferior to them, nor as their superior, as by nature and acquirement he was. God has other ways of educating men than by books and in the halls of universities. He also has the education of the forest and the prairie; the education out of the book of nature and the experience of life; and He can evolve as fine a result from the one as from the other. In the following winter Ne-bun-esh-kink was taken ill with con- sumption and died. When his disease had progressed far he often sent for some Indians, old friends of his from Gull Lake, but still pagans, to come to him in his one-roomed log cabin. When they would go in the evening, they would find him lying on his bed, his voice so weak that they could hardly hear him; but he would talk to them about the Indians and the life they should lead, and urge them to become Christians. Then, one of them who was always present told me, he would seem to gather strength as he talked, and he would ask his wife to make him some tea, and finally he would rise from his hed and pace the floor and talk, as they said, like a man inspired. My informant, who was then the Great Medicine Man of the whole Ojibwav nation, frankly told me that he did not understand most of what Ne-bun-esh-kink said; that he thought to himself as he was listening to him, “What is this anyway that he is saying?” and that he thought the aim of it was in some way to take away his preemin- ence as Great Grand Medicine Man. But he told me that years afterwards he had been baptized, and that all of it came back to him; that he believed he remembered everything that Ne-bun-esh-kink had said in those night-long conversations, and that he now under- stood it all. It brings to mind that similarly the apostles did not understand the words of the Saviour; that it was hidden from them; but that after their minds were illuminated by the coming of the Holy Ghost, they remembered it all, and understood it all. So when my informant had received the Holy Ghost in baptism and confir- mation, the little-understood and almost forgotten words of the dying chief were all remembered and became living. When they.......................... 'y rfnwiwyj>.t^ E ThbKedMam \\ Uk ..riling iik Jkj ill it, .dl i......ih, .riiiliu lulb. ..jijtn.,iii[^„iii!', Ill il!,i!ii.VlOhl 1'B1 **"'■- were spoken, he was “the natural man who receiveth not the thing5 of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him;” when he ha become a spiritual man he understood them by the Spirit. Besides the above-mentioned Medicine Man, others who were there were Te-cum-i-gi-thick, a prominent chief, still living; Wendji-ma-du > aiso a chief, and still living, the most eloquent man in the Ojibway ni' tion, and others. They were pagans, but they all became Christians after Ne-bun-esh-kink labored with them. Like Sampson, he s|e" more in his death than in his life. He was mightiest in the dyin& hour. Looking back through the mist of years to see what Ne-bun esh-kink was, the impression is that he passed through the burning fiery furnace of Crow Wing, and there all the dross was burnt out o him and a perfect man alone was left; and also that such was the straightforwardness and intensity of his nature that when his eyegot sight of truth, no earthly impediment could keep him from it. he been in Grant’s place, at the head of the armies, he would ha'e been in Richmond a year before Grant was. When a Sioux ene®/ was to him the truth, no power could keep him from him; when in t ^ Christian religion he saw the pure truth, his intensity in pursuit it and in leading others into the truth was the same. His renia"1" He under the shadow of the church of St. Columbia, on a hill ov'e,r looking the beautiful land into which he led his people to inherit- waiting for the resurrection morn, to arise a soldier of Truth. JGetting Into the Job You Are Fitted For:* By Meyer Bloomfield, Director of Vocational Guidance, Boston. RIENDS of Carlisle: Mr. Frankfurter has men- tioned the fact that I lecture at Harvard, and that gives me an opportunity to make a confession, which I make in secret and in confidence. We are beginning to be a little bit afraid of Carlisle. I don’t see you looking sorry for it, but we are. We are beginning to be very much afraid, in fact, we have been very much scared, scared blue on one or two occasions, which perhaps you will never forget and we will never forget. Any way, let me say this: We would rather be licked by Carlisle than by Yale. And I want to say further that you are most welcome to Cambridge and Boston. There is no team and no group of visitors we enjoy so much in Boston and Cambridge as the Carlisle students and the Carlisle friends. You are all right. I am glad that I have been here all day to-day to carry back with me not only impressions of very great personal value to myself, but some knowledge and understanding of the young men and the young women of this great institution. And I hope that in the few minutes that I shall occupy this platform, I may make clear one or two propositions which I think will appeal to you all. You are all members of the student body; you are all engaged in the finest of all occupations,—making yourselves into men and women. What is education? The boy or the girl, the man or the woman who can’t do anything for himself is helpless. The man who can't do anything for others is useless. There was a time when education was supposed to be a sort of privilege of the very rich or very exceptional people, w'ho were being decorated well with orna- ments for show. That idea no longer holds among sensible people. Unless you can contribute yourselves to others, you haven t any education. Now that is a pretty good test to apply. Of what use am I to another? What can I do for another? If you can answer that question honestly, you can tell whether you are an educated man or woman, or not. Industrial education! That sounds like a big, heavy phrase. It is very simple. It means that kind of education which gives your * Address at the Carlisle Indian School.200 ...mir ..................................................................ui!!.- •*iiiii*,,’*ihi"" t. THEiBbdMAN Li""" J inllli^ ........ .............................................................................................jiIiIIl.-..tiiil' ''*1,1 ll" ,I^" eyes, ears, muscles, and senses the same kind of training you g>ve to your memory. Book education appeals to your memory to a large extent. Tool education enables you to think through y°ur fingers. Some time ago people didn’t believe you could think through your fingers, and they thought the mechanic, the man who made a hat or a piano, the woman who made a dress, and the woman who could cook were not doing anything educational, but were doing something menial. We don’t hold such foolish ideas any more- In fact, we believe that the time is coming, when the woman who can cook will get the recognition and compensation which fe'v professions will be able to equal. Imagine cooking being called a'1 educational subject, and yet, you girls can testify to the fact that in your domestic courses you use your brains, your observations, your imaginations, just as with your book studies. When the Uni- versity of Wisconsin began to give courses in dometic science and home making, people laughed. They said, “What are the college® coming to? The idea of having girls go to colleges to learn how to cook!" Some of the proudest women of this country are the grad' uates of colleges where they have received training in domestic science. One of the finest colleges in Boston is devoted to the practical training of women. At Carlisle you receive not only * training which makes you good, but good for something. It isn r enough to be good. You have to be good for something. In the course of a year, many hundreds of young men and young women come to my office to find out what they can do. Some o them are college graduates; some of them have graduated from two colleges; some are students; some have just been floating around f°‘ many years. I usually begin by asking them this question: “What can you do?” If they answer “I can do anything,” I feel like saying good-by to them. The man who thinks he can do anything, the man who says he can do anything, is the hardest man on earth to do anything for. But for the boy or girl, the man or woman who can answer, “I know how to cobble shoes, I know how to fit clothes, shoe a horse, how to mend, how to wire, how to repair machinery? the problem is very easy. Recently a young man came from I reland, and the same day that he landed, he came to my office to see what I could do for him- asked him what he could do. He said, “I have had some exper1^ ence in drafting, and have worked on the construction of roads.January .i| f 201 4 telephoned to two companies, one of them the General Electric Company, as they were doing a great deal of construction work. The Superintendent said, “Send the young man over. If he knows how to work, how to take orders, he will learn quickly enough, and I will take care of him.” The next morning he went to work with the General Electric Company, and he has been getting ever since then $14 a week. That is what industrial education does; it makes you good for something. We are not all alike. Some remember well, some don’t remem- ber well; but if we give some people a drawing to make, a design to work out, they will do it beautifully. They are both needed. Some think with abstract ideas, others with concrete material. The time will come when what you do at Carlisle will be done in every public school in the country. No boy or girl ought to be allowed to go through a grammar or high school without a chance to do the very thing you are doing. In the first place, a good deal you read about in the books you never will be able to understand until you practice with your hands. What is the use of talking about trees unless you know what wood is good for, and what wood can be made to become under your hands. At the present time in this country, throughout the whole United States, when a very high grade mechanic is wanted, when a company making machinery that requires beautiful designs wants a man to do some good work, they send to Europe for him. Aren’t Americans just as clever, just as able? Of course they are. But in the schools they have never been given the chance to develop the taste and the power and the strength to do beautiful things. Carlisle is setting an example; and remem- ber that industrial education, that education which teaches you to do something definite, to serve others, is doing as much for you as books, libraries, and literature. We want both. We want litera- ture; we want things. In a way, the Carlisle graduate has a greater responsibility than the student of any other type of school. Some of you are going to become teachers for those who haven t your advantages. It will be your duty to fit men and women to make themselves self-supporting. Unless people are self-supporting, they are hopeless. This country is going to be great only as its men and women are self-respecting, self-supporting. 1 his country receives at times something like 1,000,000 new- comers from abroad each year. Unless those who are here standIx,0irJ4:,0kTlI j» 202 up for American ideals, for American industry, we shall not make the progress we ought to make, and shall not be the influence we ought to be on the new people. Some of you, 1 hope all of you> are thinking seriously of what you are going to be. I hope you think about it often,—lose sleep over it. If you have, ask yourselves this question: “Am I really fit to be what I want to be; and if not, am I getting the opportunity to be, and am I using the opportunity I now have to be what I want to be?” Don’t wait until to-morro"- To-morrow is as near now as it ever will be. If you think some* thing is an obstacle to you,—anything in your habits of work, powei or lack of power, is an obstacle to your success now,—the chances are that same obstacle will pursue you and trip you up and prevent y°u from succeeding in your occupation. What you are successful m now lays the foundation of what you are going to succeed in later on. You are not going to find new habits, new strength; you are going to gain increased strength or weakness, but not new strength- so that in everything you do now, whether you fail or succeed, vou are laying the foundations for your chosen calling. I hope you ha'e chosen to be something worth while. It doesn t matter what you have chosen, if you are going to fit yourselves for it and do wel • Some choose professions, some trades. I here isn t any difference in the value of those choices, the only difference is how are you going to appear in that chosen calling. Are you going to be success ful, useful, or just drift along? It doesn’t matter what you choose to be. It matters how you are going to be what you choose to be- Think about your future life work, and make sure that every study you pursue, that every experience you have here, helps you to the success that ought to be yours.Indians Much in the News Now-a-Days: From The Brooklyn Citizen. )T for several years past,” said a close observer of American affairs recently, “has the American Indian filled so much newspaper space as he does now. There seems to be a widespread revival of interest in the Indians and their affairs. Many tribes are figuring in the news. The interest has extended even to sporting matters, for there were three Indians in the American team which set out from New York the other day to win honors for America in the Olympic games at Stockholm, Sweden, and ‘Big Chief’ Meyers, catcher of the New York National League team, is one of the most prominent baseball players of the year.” A glance over recent newspaper files seems to bear out these ob- servations. Apaches, Sioux, Navajos, Osages, Cherokees, Arapa- hoes, Shoshones and members of other tribes have attracted atten- tion recently from writers and readers. Here are some of the head- lines of the stories referring to Indians: “Apaches Still Prisoners—Only Six of the Tribe Ever Fought United States, but All Held in Bitter Captivity—Land Rights the Cause.” “Would Move Apaches to Old Home.” “Indians Sue for Divorces.” “Farming Attracts Indians.” “Indians Aid Themselves.” “Seek Riches of Indians.” “Reject Osage Oil Leases.” “Sioux Indians Go Shopping.” “Would Oust Navajo Indians.” The case of the Apaches is the theme of one of the most interest- lng of these reports. Twenty-six years ago, after bitter warfare, marked by frightful barbarity and cruelty on the part of the Indians and by ruthless severity by the whites, the Apache warriors, with their women and children, surrendered to the United States troops. Since that time they have been held in captivity, first in Florida and Alabama, and since 1894 in Oklahoma. A new generation, guiltless of the terrible deeds of blood and fire, has arisen, and it is proposed to transfer the Apaches now held on the Fort Sill Military Reservation in Oklahoma to their old home on the Mescalero Apache Reservation in New Mexico. Some of the Apaches came from New Mexico, and those who desire to returnto that State may be sent there. A bill to that effect was passed recently by the United States House of Representatives. Passions of a quarter of a century ago have died down. The tomahawk and the scalping knife, the rifle and the firebrand no longer bring death and desolation to the isolated farmsteads and ranches and mining camps of the southwestern United States, but the older res- idents of New Mexico and Arizona still recall with horror the old bad red days of the Apache chiefs Colorado, Geronimo and Cochise- However, for the most part, they are willing to have the remnants of the captive Apaches settled on their old reservation. I heir recollections of death and destruction are not what has stood in the way of the return from exile of the Apaches. The stumbling block has been the fact that when the Apaches shall be returned to their source of orgin their land in Oklahoma should rightfully revert, according to agreement with the Indians, to Kiowa, Comanche, and Kiowa-Apaches, by whom it was ceded to the United States on condition that such action shall be taken “when it shall no longer be used for the above purpose (the settle- ment of the Apaches), unless it shall have been purchased outright in the meantime by the United States.” White men have their eyes longingly on these lands, as they have on others belonging to Indian tribes. A notable instance m point is that of the Navajos, one of the proudest and most interest- ing of all American aboriginal families. “It may not be long, says a recent report, “before the proud tribe that has so well preserved its indentity will be swallowed by civilization, as other tribes have been. The initial movement for the opening of the Navajo reserva- tion to settlement has been taken in a memorial which the Legis- lature of New Mexico has sent to the President and Congress, and the officials of Utah and New Mexico, which are also involved, and powerful private interests will undoubtedly help. “The Navajo reservation contains about 2,300,000 acres. As the tribe numbers less than 2,000 members, according to the best figures obtainable, this would give about 1,200 acres apiece to them- It is declared that this allotment is unjust, because white citizens could not take up so much public land. It is declared also that the new State has been handicapped because of large reservations of land in it by Federal officials on account of forests and minerals. Simi- lar conditions exist in Arizona.“The reservation is known to be rich in minerals. White men who have been at the Government station tell of gold and silver ornaments they have seen among the Navajos and of tales of large deposits that have been worked by the Indians in their crude way. Many white men have tried to get permission to prospect and de- velop the mines, but they have met with stern refusal. Some pros- pectors who have ventured within the reservation limits in search of gold have disappeared, and cowboys have told of seeing Navajos wearing their clothing. There is also much land that might be turned to agriculture. Many opportunities are offered for building dams to irrigate what is now desert country, and the soil will yield bountifully. "The Navajos will not let themselves be dispossessed willingly, they are regarded by men who know Indians as the proudest tribe in the country. They have kept to themselves in all the years of invasion by white men, and there have been few intermarriages. I'hey practice agriculture to an extent and have many arts, as is shown in the highly prized blankets made by their squaws. They are averse, however, to progress.” Other tribes besides the Navajos are in peril of losing their lands. This is especially true in what was formerly Indian Terri- tory and is now part of the State of Oklahoma. Grabbing of terri- tory is leading to scandals, it is said. The white promoters who are interested in the oil, mineral, and agricultural wealth that lies in the Indian lands were never more active than they are now. It is asserted that in the scramble for wealth desperate measures are being taken. Tales of bribery, of fraud in obtaining deeds from ignorant Indians and even of violence are common in Muskogee and other Oklahoma cities. “So bad are the conditions that Federal agents in many cases have stepped in to protect heirs of Indians,” it is report- ed. "Secret-service men are in the field, and they are watching de- velopments, but they cannot see everything that is going on. ’ It is encouraging to the friends of the Indians and of fair deal- ing to note that, while the Federal Government is watchful of the interests of its wards, the Indians themselves are preparing to act on the principle that the best aid comes from oneself. 1 he Society of American Indians, which held its first meeting at the Ohio State University in October, 1911, and more recently was in executive session at its Washington (D. C.) headquarters, has announced the; TheEedMam .1 January I1 Jill. ........................................ grjzr±'*sxxr I 206 "1 creation of a legal aid department, by which to prosecute, through its attorneys, the claims of the Indian tribes against the Government. This action is aimed at a class of lawyers who in times past have collected exorbitant fees for their work, rea] or imaginary, in behalf of the Indians. The Society recently had introduced into Congress a bill known as the Carter code bill. Its aim is the codification of laws relating to the Indians. Conflicting laws now frequently work injustice to their interests. Indians of various tribes, formerly willing to live as “blanket In- dians” and eat the bread of sloth as proteges of the Government, are turning to agriculture in increasing numbers. The Govern- ment Indian School at Carlisle, Pa., recently gave out figures which asserted that in 1891 it was estimated Indians were farming 46,800 acres of land, and this acreage was increased to 381,615 in 1911- Ten years ago it was estimated 10,290 Indians were actually culti- vating lands allotted to them. In 1911 this number had more than doubled, growing to 24,366. Instruction in agriculture in the Indian schools of the United States, led by Carlisle, which shows the highest point of development, is credited with being responsible mainly for this increase in the number of Indian farmers. “In adapting their course of study and methods of instruction to the environment of the pupils the Indian schools supported by the Federal Government,” says Superintendent M. Friedman of the Carlisle School, “are years in advance of the public schools for white children in the various States. For years there has been a tendency in our public schools to educate the boy and the girl away from the farm toward the activities of the city, notwithstanding the fact that a large element of our population is now resident in the country districts and must remain so for years to come.”Why Grows Are Black. Sadie M. Ingalls, Sac and Fox. (SMINCE upon a time there lived a crow with some of his friends. Since their provisions were nearly all gone, his friends decided to go out hunting and the crow was obliged to stay alone. Before leaving him, his 4e1 friends told him not to touch the meat until they came back. Somehow his companions were a very long time returning home and he was beginning to get hungry, so forgetting the promise, he ate the meat. When his companions returned he was asked if he ate the piece of meat, but instead of telling the truth he denied the fact. He was told that he would receive a punishment from the Great Spirit, and this was that hereafter his feathers would always be black, while heretofore he had possessed green plumage. ■rHJKp The Arapahoe’s Belief in Mescal. Lida Wheelock, Oneida. STORY is told of the Arapahoes who believe in a mysterious worship known as “Mescal.” This form of worship is only known to the old men of the tribe, the women and the younger people believe that it is dangerous and that if they partici- pate in it, it will work evil against them. The old men assemble in a secluded den or camp and perform certain ceremonies while they burn the "mescal,” which is supposed to be the root of some sacred plant. These ceremonies last from three to four days, and then they move to another place, while the camp they have deserted is in turn occupied by the young men. Only the men that have the courage dare enter the camp that the old men have left. When the old men return they begin to form a ring and then the dance known as the “Sun Dance” begins, which lasts until the fourth night, and during this dance the men fast and continue to look at the sun. They believe that the sun is a spirit who givesthem power, strength, and endurance. On the fifth day a great feast is prepared to their honor and glory. This form of worshiping their great spirit is handed down from one generation to another. The Coyote and the Wind. Caleb Carter, Nez Perce. HE coyote, once upon a time, made himself a dwelling place out of tall bunch grass. It was in late fall, and the wind would always blow it apart. This made the coyote very angry, so one day he devised a snare in which to trap the offender. As he was fixing up the snare he thought to himself, <£I will fix him!” The next morning he set out to see if he had caught the wind- Upon arriving he beheld a man with big ears and of great stature. “Well," he said, “so you are the person that has been tearing mY wigwam up, eh?” With that he pulled his ears right and left, kicked him on the nose, and slapped him till he had him begging for mercy- The coyote then made him promise that he would never bloj such cold, stormy winds again. But the coyote doubted his word, and again he had him begging. When the coyote would get tired, he rested. All this time the wind was making all kinds of promises, so at last the coyote let him go with the understanding that he wou kill him on his next offense. So to this day the winds on the weS side of the Rockies are warm and known as the “Chinook winds.Cbttorial Comment Congressional Appropriations for Indian Civilization. E notice in some places a tendency to lament the fact that large appropriations are needed each year for the American Indian. It is said in these quar- ters that, while we have appropriated for the red man for years, there is still an Indian problem. Many are wondering when the expenditures will end, and are asking how much more it will take before all Indians are good citizens. Aside from our duty as a Nation toward the original inhabitants thereof, a little knowledge °f the true facts shows the wisdom of the present course. It is only since 1880 that our Indian policy has been rational ai_|d educational. Before that hundreds of millions were spent in a Policy of war, extermination, and repression. The money thus spent was full of harm both to the Republic and to the Indian. I he amount of money spent since 1880 has been less, but it has been spent for a far better purpose. As a result of these short 32 years of education in health, industry, sobriety, morality, and in the elements of knowledge, the Indian problem is really nearing solution. Primitiveness cannot be changed to civilization in a few decades. Our Government will have work to do in Indian administration for years to come, but the end is not far away. Thousands of Indians are citizens who earn their living and have the respect of their white neighbors. Many of the reservations are broken up into individual allotments which are farmed to good Purpose by the Indians. Thirty-nine thousand Indians are in school, and a large proportion of the Indian population can read and write English. There are 35,000 returned students. Approximately two- thirds of the Indians are Christians. Polygamy is on the decrease, and the Indians generally are living more and more on terms of amity and mutual respect with their white neighbors. The red man ls forsaking the roaming habits of former years and taking up pro- ductive occupations. The results, measured in men and women of good character who are industrious, self-reliant, and self-supporting, have abundantly demonstrated the wisdom of the most liberal appropriations for In-IM»n!>nnr ■','r”ir’"iir..... ► 210 He THEKsBDMAM ill • '*anuar:f lJ ........^......AiujLAJUkA^l! flbkv^w^jss/*1 dian civilization and education. Remarkable results have attended the efforts of the last 32 years of intelligent legislation and guidance It is not unreasonable to expect that the desires of the America11 public will be gratified by a continuance of governmental encourage ment of the Indians to prepare themselves for healthy, patriotic Christian citizenship. Congress, actuated by an enlightened pu^' lie opinion, is not unmindful of its duty in this respect, and the history of the past 30 years has proved that, whichever is the dominant party, these humane obligations will be met in a spirit o high-mindedness and justice. Indians Needless Victims of Diseases. N a report just made public by Surgeon-General Rupert Blue, of the United States Public Heal1 Service, based on an investigation at first hand m*0 Indian health conditions, he makes this signified statement: On the whole it may be said that t h e prevalence tuberculosis among Indians is very greatly in excess of that among the w^lte race, depending on locality, and the survey as conducted has revealed a situati°n so serious as to require the precaution of vigorous measures for its relief- The investigation on which this report was based was made ij* conformity with legislation passed by Congress last year, whic appropriated $10,000 for an investigation of the health conditi°nS among Indians. As a result of this report, there can be no further question of the serious prevalence of disease among the India1’5, Not only does the report show a most deplorable condition in 01 homes and on the reservations, but it advances the opinion, base on acareful study, that approximately 72,000 Indians have trachoB1®' The examination was made in a number of States where India*1* reside, and in schools both on and off the reservation. The rep0 emphasizes the fact that "the sanitary conditions on reservation* are, on the whole, bad and require improvement in house conditio*1 and habits of living.” Emphasizing the possibility of danger to t white race, the report says: "There is danger of the spread 0 tuberculosis and trachoma from the Indian to the other races^ reason of the increasing intercourse taking place between them-A MEMBER OF THE NEZ PERCE TRIBE, IUAHOGBRONIMO Kamo us Wak Chib* «*f tiif. Aiachks, Who	Rkchnti.v a Pkisonkk OH THK UNI'I'KP STATRS GoVKKNMRNI" ""	^	1 ;,. 215 -J iipi nil H' »»JT ’’H"’	’’I*	i|t hi ji ji- JMKMr .umi* ’mmmi .|^ f January 'M it TheBedMak IllllJlk ,aliIlU.atlJl^.,|ltlll,..llll|bjlltllluJll^.»llil>M^llk...jifel^^.rillb^J|ll^l Congress has been asked for $300,000, or more, to handle the In- dian health problem, and there is no doubt but that every dollar of this will be needed. In fact, at this time, when many of the reser- vations are without hospitals or dispensaries, a large initial outlay will be needed. The report says: “The suppression of tubercu- losis and trachoma from among Indians will be difficult, and long continued efforts and the expenditure of considerable funds will be squired.” The report makes specific recommendations, including a definite organization of the physicians to prosecute the work among Indians. Hospital facilities and reservation dispensaries in various portions of the reservation are strongly advocated. The report further em- phasizes the need for more nurses, for the regular inspection of sanitary districts on the reservations, the isolation of tuberculosis patients in hospitals provided for the purpose, and stronger efforts for the education of the Indian to fit him to protect himself against tuberculosis. The report is one of the utmost value, coming from an outside medical force, and will no doubt find a ready response by a larger appropriation and a stronger staff of expert health workers in the field. It is a well known fact that the health of the Indian has been long neglected, and attention is now being focused on it not only because of the deplorable death rate and affliction of the Indians themselves, but because of the imminent danger which the white race is facing because of the opening up of the Indian country and the settlement of white families in and around the Indian reserva- tions. These things are of too vital consequence to be minimized or de- layed. The facts are plain: The health of the Indians has been in a most deplorable state for many years. The condition of living among the Indians has made this possible. Unsanitary homes, un- cleanliness in the home, lack of knowledge of the danger and spread of disease, habits and customs which help to spread disease, and the vicious liquor traffic, have all had their influence in weakening the Indian’s body. If a strenuous campaign is instituted at once, these diseases can be checked and the Indian saved. It is patent, however, that the time has come £or work. This situation has passed the era of statistics. The hardest kind of per- sonal work by nurses and physicians, and facilities for carrying onf 216 their work in the places where disease is rife, are fundamental- At the same time, let the campaign of education go forward, an let every school in the country “clean house.” Osages Gain by Change. |HE new Osage Indian Tribal Council elected tbe latter part of January, to supersede the council dl® missed by the Secretary of the Interior, has decide » according to a dispatch received by the I ndian Office’ to approve leases on oil lands to the highest bidders in accordance with regulations prepared by the lnte nor Department. The old council was dismissed because of irreg' ularities brought up in connection with its dealings with the Unc Sam Oil Company, which was endeavoring to secure a lease on Osage oil land. Under the new leases the Osages will get a large cas bonus and a royalty larger by one-third than they would have re- ceived from the Uncle Sam Company. This saving amounts to thousands of dollars. Shortly after the action dismissing the old Osage Council- a’1 attack was made on Secretary of the Interior Fisher by represent tives of the Uncle Sam Company. This attack on the Secretary " made before the House Committee on Indian Affairs. It isa^6 known fact that these charges are pure bombast, and are made a- a last resort to aid an already defunct company. Such a relia medium as the Financial World of New York calls attention to t fact that the Uncle Sam Company has no funds, and that “it, th^>e fore, could hardly finance a deal, calling as these leases do, for ove $500,000 in cash.” Throwing further light on this enterprise- says: k- Ever since 1907. the Uncle Sam Oil Company has been persistently ing the public for more money for stock. It has succeeded in raising a c° ^ million of dollars for which, up to the present moment, it has not returned 0 penny in dividends. It sold stock as high as 50 cents a share, but it is n0 offered as low as 5 cents, and by none other than the company’s presl himself. Acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs Abbott characterizes L wholesome result of the Government’s activity as the “greatemoral victory in the history of the Osage tribe." He states that Fred Lookout, who was elected chief of the new council, “is a hard- working, honest farmer. He and his wife are graduates of Carlisle. He is one of the Osages who does not refuse to work because of the unearned increment in oil-land royalties the Osages enjoy.” Secretary Fisher is right when he asserts that an attack by the Uncle Sam Oil Company is a badge of honor. The pernicious financial operations of the men back of this company have been of a character which has not only tended to debauch tribal officers, but if victorious would have kept from the Indians a proper return °n their property. The Indians are possessed of millions of dollars of property in land, minerals, and timber. The action in this case should aid in serving notice on crooked exploiters and gamblers in Indian property that their schemes for dispossessing the Indian will be met with the most aggressive resistance on the part of the Government. N else. O one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone —DICKENSComment of Our Contemporaries DISEASE AMONG THE INDIANS THE warning of Superintendent Friedman of the Carlisle School that if the Government does not take practical action very soon to check dis- ease, especially tuberculosis among the North American Indians on reserva- tions, the gravest results may be looked for, is at once significant and impressive. On the Indians the march of civilization has imposed modes of life that are alien to race traditions. Mr. Friedman points out that their mortality rate is now 35 per thousand per year, about twice that of white persons in the United States, And of all the deaths he figures that 30 per cent are from tuberculosis. Malnutrition is blamed for much of the existing evil. Not every Indian in mechanical employment keeps a reg- ular job. Not every Indian farms his land allotment intelligently and indus- triously. Sufficient food at determined intervals is too infrequently to be had by the Indian family. The race has not developed resisting powers against the ‘White Plague.” And sick and well live together in such a way that the disease has all the opportunity in the world to spread. Of course the Superintendent of Car- lisle holds that his school and other schools are doing their part in edu- cating the young Indians, men and women, who spend a time with them and then go back to the reservations, in the science of fighting disease. But the operation of this process is slow, and its results are inadequate. One doctor is now allowed to a tribe scat- tered over a large territory. Moredoc tors and more nurses can only be sup plied by Congressional appropriations' That civilization is under a m°ra obligation to protect the race which >’ has prevented from making a livelihoo by hunting and fishing, from the P'agU^ of civilization’s bringing, can hardl)' denied by anyone. The obligal'°n should be accepted by the Govern me11' of the United States. The pl®a 0 Superintendent Friedman should not fall on deaf ears.—Brooklyn Eagh- How grave the danger is and disgraceful is the record of the Govern ment in this matter is being shown the columns of The Herald, and ^ fore its investigation is finished we lieve the country will be so shoe that a reform will not be long dels) —New York Herald. INDIAN SCHOOL CENTERS AN we learn from Indian sCk°^ what is most needed f°r ^ schools of Nebraska? For a 8 many years part of each summer been spent by the writer upon reservations in the United Sta[eS' learning lessons from the 1° people. There are a great ® lessons to be learned from these Nebraskans. The plan for °r^0 izing and conducting day school® Indian reservations, as carried out the United States Government, ^ to me very important in its relation changes in Nebraska country scno In the first place, a day school ^ Indian children on the reservationIII<LI<C1<- "Itr'"HIT’’ 'l!|[r,n||[r>r'i]|l''_ ’’[FIJI 11.il »___ r -«» ~ Mi! K Januar> -I Th 'Ei EedMan                                              I 219 i I 1, A. -T. ■ ■■ lf* A T l| IILhIju .jflh- Ai irfhi !<■ irfli iiti iA -iiiii.... ..... a'ways for its center a man and a	community. All the Indian fathers w°man, Never a man alone, never a	and mothers visit the school center "0,nan alone, but always a man and	frequently, and watch with critical in- a w°man; sometimes a man and wife,	terest the work of the school garden SOrnetimes a brother and sister.	and school home, and bestow their The man and woman in an Indian	approval on the children who excel. school always keep a home in the same	Half of each school day is given to lard with the school house. The	studies with books and half to work 0me is a part of the school and the	with things, in these Indian school School is a part of the home. No	communities. To many Indian chil- 'l0nie. no school; no school, no home,	dren, working over a book is a very There is always a garden with the	serious and sometimes a sad task, but school and the home in these Indian	I have never seen an Indian child schools. The man works in the gar-	whose face did not lighten with in- den every day during garden season	ward joy when the hours for manual Wlth the school children. The	work, under the direction of a skilful "’Oman works with the school chil-	man or woman, came. The work life ^ren in the school home every day of	of the school is its inspiration, as it lhe year. The school, and the garden,	seems to me properly directed work ar>d the home, work all together for	life must always be. training of the Indian children	The Indian day school seems one every day of the school year. The	of the best models for the future Ne- f°od for the school home is raised in	bra ska rural school. A man and a 'he school garden by the school chil-	woman working together. A school ^ren' working with the man in the	home beside the school house. A garden. The food for the noon meal	plot of ground large enough for a gar- °f the school children is cooked every	den and experiment fields. A work school day of the year by the school	shop with tools. A hall for public ?lrls, working with the woman in the	meetings of all kinds. An athletic school home and eating at a common	field. A center of social and intellec- school table.	tual and religious life for the com- THe school house, and the school	munity.—Nebraska Teacher. home, and the school garden, and the schoolchildren, and the man, and the	INDIANS OLD AND NEW Woman, form a school community,	| ^ROM the picture writing of the which is the center of social life and	earliest Indians down to the ele- ’nterest and thought in the Indian dis-	gantly printed monthly known asTHE tt'ct. There is generally a small work	RED MAN there lies centuries of his- shop added to all these, where the	tory, and nowhere can this fascinating hoys and girls are given simple lessons	human study be better pursued than m the use of tools and in the making	through Uncle Sam’s public records, every-day articles and repairs for the	for the Indian has ever been a factormsrjkTtsx? » 220 Iiinm.- 'ynyyynii'Y m»'i’y qp1 y y-y c ThbEedMan ‘ l.wlllu .,!il6it..iilllii, jUli,.,ii)lli..iil!lli,.ji Ilk j itdin. ............Ill............... A...i.iifili! IK- January T| kza&rjsrA in the development of the country which he once called his own. To exterminate or subdue him armies have established their strongholds in the West. To civilize him the Govern- ment is now fostering schools for his highest education in the East. The Indian and his ancestors, their bones, their arrowheads, their orna- ments and their customs, are often enough embalmed in deeply scientific publications whose scholarly language is frequently beyond the reach of mor- tal ken. Many of these ethnological tomes are, however, highly illustrated, and are rendered especially valuable by the interlinear arrangement of the text of some quaint Indian legend with the corresponding English words. Among the latest additions to Indi- an study is the two-volume encyclope- dia called “The Handbook of Amer- ican Indians.” This contains in alpha- betical arrangement, articles on every branch of Indian history, biography, and customs, with illustrations. Later still is the handsome volume by La- Flesche and Miss Fletcher, on “The Omaha Tribe.” The first author is a member of the tribe in the service of Uncle Sam. A few months ago a small book on “Chippewa Music” was prepared by Miss Densmore, giv- ing a delightful insight into that phase of Indian life. These books can be consulted at the libraries, or can be purchased from the Superintendent of Documents, whose pricelist on “Indi- ans,” by the way, has many interesting titles and suggestive annotations. But for the study of the modern Indian, I know no more pleasing pro- duction than THE RED MAN. t*16 organ of Carlisle Institute. Pa- ^ shows the Indian of to-day at his best a* a college student, well developed * brain and brawn, capable not only oj beating a Georgetown College footba team, but also of filling the highest places in legislative halls. Here is photographed the work of a Boston sculptor showing the old-time India'' standing astride his horse with uplnte head. The statue is called The Ap peal to the Great Spirit.” In striking contrast is a photograph of a group Carlisle athletes in basketball costume- A glance at the knots of muscle en veloping these sturdy puts to flight the vision of a vanishing race. The Indian girls at Carlisle are shown at their domestic work, sewing and cooking like their white sisters- Many of the Indian schools give Pr'7,eS to those who make successful hous®' keepers in the real life which foil0*5 such training. In the issue of c magazine for June, 1911, wasanexcep tionally interesting paper by ^e' George P. Donehoo, ‘‘Carlisle *n the Red Men of Other Days, s'nC then reprinted in pamphlet form- Interest in the magazine led me to searching the reports of the 1“ tute, and I found that in 1909 thef .he were 91 tribes represented among pupils, of whom 719 were boys »# 413 girls. The contrast between t old Indian and the new is illustrate ^ in this report by the picturesque c° tumes of a class entering the sc and the dapper, tailor-made gafrrl of the graduating class. The report for 1910 shows thetitude of the Institute on the religious	Report on Indian Tribes by Whippley,- question.	Ewbank, and Turner. “It has always been Carlisle’s aim	The Government officials were not, to insist on absolute religious freedom	of course, the first white men to reveal among the student body; and yet, while	native lore. They acknowledged their 't has maintained equality and im-	indebtedness to the real pioneers, the partiality as between various religious	Jesuit and Franciscan missionaries, beliefs and denominations, the school	whose zeal for souls and ripe scholar- has felt that, although supported by the	ship made it possible for them to live Government, it nevertheless takes the	unarmed among the natives, and to place of the parent and is therefore re-	make a complete study of their lives sponsible for some positive work along	and languages. religious lines. Therefore while the	Atone time.an exciting discussion various students are allowed to select	arose as to which should control In- their own denominations in the great	dian affairs, the Department of War Christian church, it has been insisted	or the Department of the Interior, constantly that every student affiliate	Testimony from all sources was heard, with some church. * * * The experi-	one side protesting that the Indian was ence of the world has been against the	nothing but a savage, ready at any divorcing of ethics aud a sincere re-	moment to massacre the settler on the ligious belief. The two constantly	frontier, the other declaring him an overlap. * * * It is most gratifying to	injured, peaceable aspirant toChristian- know that what has been for years a	ity. It was stated that after butcher- very vexing question has been at last	ing out soldiers, they would walk over settled by the adoption, practically in	to the United States Indian agency and toto, for the entire Indian Service of	draw their money, provisions, and the rules governing and the principles	blankets from that branch of Uncle guiding religious work and teachings	Sam’s bountiful Interior Department, in vogue at Carlisle.”	This was rather galling to the War The live Indians of the past are	Department, described for us by the army explorers	Among those giving testimony in sent to conquer the old wild west,	this controversy were such men as Many of the reports of their explor-	General Sherman and General Sheri- rng and surveying expeditions are re-	dan and such women as Helen Hunt plete with Indian life and lore, among	Jackson, fora time officially connected which Ives’"Exploration of the Colo-	with the Indian Service. Rather rado of the West” is perhaps the most	laughable was the testimony of one fascinating both in narrative and illus- officer who stated that the only white tration. Of the Pacific Railroad Sur~ men who had been able to live with veys, Volumes III, VI. and XII con- the Indians, sharing their tents, were tain faithful accounts and pictures of Kit Carson and Father de Smet, S. J. the Indians; Volume III containing the —M. Pellen, in America.Concerning €x»&tubmfcef anb tf^rabuatcs Clarence Three Stars, an ex-student of Carlisle, who has been teaching school for many years near Pine Ridge, S. Dak., is now attorney of Bennett County, in that State. :x\ w *29 W In a very nice letter from George Gen- dron, who is located near Republic, Wash- ington State, he gives the following interest- ing account of himself: “I am trying to get started in farming. I have a farm of eighty acres, forty of which are under cultivation— nearly all sod, plowed last spring. I have a nice large house, and I am surrounded by fine people. I have, also, a barn and good farming machinery. Please remember me to my classmates who were with me in Room 10.” S/A. * tv; Eliza Dyer writes to Superintendent Friedman from Mission Post Office, S. Dak., as follows: “I am so sorry that I could not come back to Carlisle this year, but mother’s health is very poor, and I must stay with her.” v. "Sf “ In a very interesting letter recently re- ceived from Clifford Taylor, he says: “Upon the day of my arrival, after greeting relatives and old friends, I donned overalls and went to plowing. Myhandswere tender, and mus- cles and tendons ached after the day’s work, but I stuck to it and soon muscles and ten- dons ceased complaining and I felt all the better for the hard work. AH the spring and summer I helped my brother with the farm work, and I am glad to say the crops turned out well. For three weeks we made hay; result, twenty-four tons of hay. I am now working at my trade of tailoring, in Bartlesville, Okla. Kindly remember me to my classmates.” ■XX w Iii a nice letter to Superintendent Fried- man, dated December 4th, A. Ella Johnson, who was graduated from Carlisle last spring, tells of her work at Batavia, N. Y. Ella is cooking, an occupation which she finds very interesting and she says, and rightly, too, that she considers “cooking the foundation of good housekeeping.” In addition, she says: “I am doing my very best to show the world what I learned while at Carlisle- Since I am the only Indian girl working10 this town, 1 fee) the responsibility of demon- strating just what Carlisle is doing for race. ” VyN w- V7? Mr, Thomas Man!, one of Carlisle’s mos> successful graduates, was elected on No- vember fifth last to the office of States Atto1' ney of Roberts County, S. Dak. Mr. Mani’s election was a notable tri umph, considering the fact that there are'fl Roberts County (one of the oldest counties in the State) about seventeen white votef® to one Indian voter. Mr. Mani waselecte by a majority of 795, defeating his op?®" nent more than two to one. »-> August Mesplie, one of our ex-students, who married Miss Emma Northover and IS now living on a farm near Wapato, Wash-' sends the following message to Supef>nten ent Friedman: “I have a good home an^ am trying to improve it all the time, have forty acres of land, twelve head 0 cattle, and money in the bank. I w‘s^ 10 say that the education I received at Carlis has enabled me to face and master difficu*ties common to the average man who is ou' the world trying to earn his living. J s ^ always speak highly of ‘old Carlisle, f°r feel that it is a place of which every India1’ boy and girl should be proud.” ■L&N w W/ r William Lone Wolf writes from ton, Kans,, as follows: “I am working8 my trade of black smithing. I °wn ® tools and would own the shop if it were sale. I also own three houses; the one which I live has six rooms; of the other9' one in Arkansas City has seven r00^’ another in Grande Springs, Kans., eight rooms. I have a fine piano an automobile, but, better still, I have °u children, a boy and three small gi"8-A Recipe For Success IT eep your head cool your feet warm—your mind busy. Don’t worry over tri fles. Plan your work ahead, then stick to it—rain or shine. Don t waste sympathy on yourself. If you are a gem, some one will find you. Don’t whine; tell people you are a failure and they will believe you. Talk and act like a winner, and in time you will become one.Carlisle 3nfctan ^rijool Carlisle, rPenngplbama ill. ;f riebman, &uperintenbent HISTORY The School was founded in 1879, and is supported by the Federal G°vern ment. First specific appropriation made by Congress July 31. 1883. PRESENT PLANT The present equipment consists of 49 buildings and 311 acres of I*” The equipment is modern and complete. TRADES Practical instruction is given in farming, dairying, horticulture, dressmaking cooking, laundering, housekeeping, and in TWENTY trades. ACADEMIC There is a carefully graded school, including courses in agricultur teaching, stenography, business practice, telegraphy, and industrial art. OUTING SYSTEM This affords an extended residence in carefully selected families, "'it struction in public schools, sewing, housekeeping, and practice at their tra Jj( Students earn regular wages and at present have about $40,000 to their in bank drawing interest. credit PURPOSE To train Indians as teachers, home makers, mechanics and industrial le»de either among their own people or in competition with the whites. Faculty.................................................................................. 79 Enrollment for fiscal year 1912......................................................... 1,031 Returned students and graduates____________________________________________ 5,616 RESULTS - Graduates and returned students are leaders and teachers among their pe°P 291 with the Government as Supervisors, Superintendents, Teachers, e[C'' . Government schools. Remainder are good home makers, successful in ness, the professions, and the industries.