VOLUME 4, NO. 5 JANUARY, 1912 DOLLAR A YEAR Published Monthly by THE CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIApjgC5' ft. & magazine ts&ueb in tfje interest of tfjc J^atibe American tip Carlisle# Cf)t Eeb Jlan % Volumr Jfour. dumber Jfibe #ublisfjet> bp <H. &. Snbian jfecftool, Carlisle, JJa. ifl. Jfritbman, <£bitor Entered u second-class matter September 21. 1910, at the post-office at Carlisle, Penna., under the act of March S, 1879 Contents for January, 1912: Cover Design—The Indian as a Guide— William Deitz, “Lone Star," Sioux.. How the American Indian Named the White Man— By Alexander F. Chamberlain, Ph.D. - - 177 Carlisle’s Former Students Who Are Making Good— By George W. Kellogg—Illustrated	- - 183 Languages of The American Indians—Part II— By Dr. A. L. Kroeber in Popular Science Monthly	192 The Indian in the Professions— By J. M. Oskison	- - - - 201 Legends, Stories, Customs of Indians— By Carlisle Indian Students	- - - 209 The Editor’s Comment - - - - 211 Illustrations: Blackchief’s Hay and Oats; Joseph Charles in his Sugar Bush; Solon Shanks and his Electric Truck; Carlisle’s Ex-Students with the Stein-Bloch Co.; Tall Bull, Cheyenne Chief; Homes of Omahas Educated at Carlisle; Group of Graduates and Ex-Students; Home of James E. John- son, Class 1901; Athletics at Carlisle; Carlisle Bakery Views. Tin Rki> Man is a production of the Carlislk Indian Pkkss, a department of the United States Indian Industrial School, located at Carlisle. Pennsylvania. The mechanical work is executed by apprentice-stodents under the direction of the Instructor in Printing. The borders, initial letters, sketches, headings, cover paces, etc.. herein shown are the work of our Native Indian Art Department under the supervision of Angel Decora-Deitz. The publication aims to place before its readers authentic reports from experienced men and women In the field, or investigators not connected with the government service, which may aid the reader to a fuller understanding and broader knowledge of the Indian, his Customs, Education, Progress, and relation to the government. The institution does not hold itself responsible for, and need not necssarily agree with, the opinions expressed In its columns. All communications regarding subscriptions and other subjects relating to this publication should be addressed directly to Thb Red Man, United States Indian School, Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Subscriptions will be received with the understanding that one volume will cost One Dollar. Ten numbers will prob- ably constitute a volume. Uima/lj *• batk numhm en band. No advertisements will be published in this magazine which are foreign to the immediate interests ol tbe schoolTH E RED MAM How the American Indian Named the White Man: Alexander F. Chamberlain, Ph. D., Professor of Anthropology, Clark University, Worcester, Mass.; author of article on "North American Indians” in the Encyclopaedia Britannica. ALE FACE” is not the only name by which the “white man” is known to the “red.” When the race of man now called by the rest of the world “Indians,” “Redskins,” etc., first saw Europeans, not every tribe, nor every individual in each tribe, perceived them in quite the same light; and in nam- ing them, therefore, considerable variety obtained, to peculiarities of personal appearance, difference in dress, c aracteristic movements and actions, manner of arrival, incidents accompanying or seeming to accompany their advent, etc. Some 0	these suggested rather commonplace reactions, while others associated the newcomers with the mythological past or future of *	e Indians themselves. (<	physical appearance of our race suggested names like “white > white skin”, “white (pale) face”, etc., just as we ourselves have de- nominated other varieties of mankind “red”, “yellow”, “brown , ’ a^ough not one °f these terms can be said to be at all exact. lhe Algonkian Ojibwas, Miamis, Delawares, the Iroquoian Mo- awks and Cherokees, the Haidas, Yuchis, and a number of other Peoples have given us names signifying “white”, "white person , *te skin”, etc., although it is possible that in some cases the In- 'an term is a mere translation of the English expression "white r*an, • More genuinely Indian, perhaps, is the appellation which . as een given to us by the Algonkian Arapahos, Nihanatayechet, e,> yellow-hided”. Bat these same Indians call us also Nana- Za<lanet, or “white skin”.178 l^e fteb iflait, bp &eb 4Wen America was discovered, and, in large measure conquered or colonized, in an age when the “Soldier, Full of strange oaths and bearded like the pard,” was a common representative of European culture in its migratory aspects. The aborigines of the New World, in general, not only did not affect hirsute adornments of the face, but even went so far as to remove any stray hairs that might ultimately develop into beard, whiskers or moustache. Thus, one striking appellation for the white man came easily to the Indian. It is, indeed, rather sur- prising that this peculiarity of the European physiognomy has not given rise to more names for the white man in Indian languages. A typical name of this sort is the Kiowa Bedalpago, or "hairy mouth'’. The Zuni Indians called the first Spaniards (the name is now applied to the Mexicans) Tsipolokwe, i. e., “moustached people”. One of the names for white men among the Algonkian Miamis is Mishakiganasiwug,\.e., “they of the hairy chest”, in reference to another peculiarity observed by the Indians in the physical appear- ance of the Europeans. The ears of the white man have also served to furnish him with a name. At first blush, it would seem very uncomplimentary that the Kiowas call a white man and a mule or a donkey by the same term, takai, literally, “ears sticking out”. But M r. Mooney informs us that the name as applied to us refers to the fact that the white man’s ears, “as compared with the Indian’s, stick out, while those of the latter are partly concealed by his long hair”. This relieves us of the ignominy of being directly compared with the burro. Nor have the eyes of the white man been forgotten. An old vocabulary of the language of the Crows or Upsarokas, a Siouan tribe, gives for “ white men”, Mashteeseeree, i. e., “yellow eyes”. That the voice of our race has not been altogether pleasing to the Indian is certain, for one of the Kiowa names for white men, Gattonko, signifies “growlers”. The clothing, etc., of the European newcomers is responsible for not a few of the names bestowed upon the race by the American aborigines. The Natick or Massachusetts Indians termed the first Englishmen they met Wautaconuaog, “coat men”, or “they who wear clothing”. The Kiowa Gantonto means “cap-wearers”, and the name Kentabere, which the Mohawks of the Lake of the Two®be fteb ifflan, bp &eb iflcn	179 fountains, Que., bestowed on the first Scotch settlers, was given ln reference to their ‘‘Tam o’Shanters”, which the Indians thought resembled ota, i. e., a cow-dropping. Association of the newcomers with something characteristically fion-Indian, or unknown in the New World, in part or altogether, Save rise to another group of names. Thus, the “medicine-men" 0	the Cental Eskimo, Dr. Boas tells us, call the white man, in their s®cret-language, Kidlatet, a word derived from kidlak, "iron”. Long ^ported the name for white men among the Siouan Oto as Mazottkka, or “iron- makers”; and the Haidas of the Queen Char- otte Islands term the white men Yets-haidagai, i. e., “iron people". he fact that the white men brought with them iron and its use evi- nt|y niade a great impression upon the minds of the Indians. e iron hatchet suggested other names. Thus, one Iroquoian tribe applied to the Dutchman the name Asserotii, “he makes atchets (or axes)”, and a corresponding term, OnseronnU is that by ich the French are known to-day to the Mohawks of the Lake of t e Two Mountains. This seems to have been a rather general appellation for the Europeans. The possession of swords and similar weapons suggested among many tribes the names “knife-men", "big nives , “long knives”, “people of the big (or long) knives”, etc. >s name is on record very early, for “knife-men" is the meaning ° the Narragansett Chauquaquock of Roger Williams, and the Massachusetts Chogqussog of Cotton. The term seems to have n used later of the English-Amerians in particular, for whom a “ame signifying “long knives”, or “big knives” occurs among many gonkian and Siouan dialects. Such, e. g., is the meaning of the ]>bwa Chimokoman; Hidatsa maetsihateki\ Dakota isangtanka\ Black- °°t ^makkistoapikwa»\ Delaware M’chonsikau, etc. References to the ships by means of which the white men cross- 1	j- 6 °cean are contained in some of the names given them by the n wns. 1 he Nootka word for white man or European signifies apparently, “house-adrift-on-water,” and the Ojibwa Wemitigosbi, ^!t >ts cognates in other Algonkian dialects, may refer to “wooden / essels, * or, as has also been suggested, to something else “wooden toitigo) , perhaps “boxes” or “trunks,” unless this latter explanation ® due simply to folk-etymology,—in Ojibwa, mitigwash means a rpI1*c’ valise,” etc. The Montagnais of northeastern Quebec call renchnian, Meshtukushu, plainly a derivative of mesbtukush,180	®f)e iflan, bp »eb iWcn ‘wooden canoe.” The coming of the Europeans from over the sea, or out of it as some of the aborigines may have thought, furnished the basis for another set of names. One of the names of the white men among the Pt. Barrow Eskimo in the time of Richardson was Emakblin, i. e., "sea man.” The Algonkian Delawares called the Dutch, and then the Europeans in general, Schwonnaquin, or “people from the salt (sea).” The eastern origin of the white man is referred to in such names as the Quebec Mohawk Tiorhensaka, i. e., “in- habitant of the east,” by which the Englishman is known; the Moqui term for Americans, Pahana, or “eastern-water-people,” etc. Some tribes have satisfied themselves more or less until closer acquaintance made another name necessary, with calling the white man simply “foreigner,” “stranger,” etc. This is the meaning of the Kutenai nutlukine, the use of which seems now restricted to desig- nate a Frenchman, the Navaho Nakhai (the Mexicans were termed ironically Nakhai diyitti, i. e., “holy foreigners”), etc. A curious and interesting series of names is represented by the Pequot VVaunux, Penobscot A wenoch, Passamaquoddy Wettoch, Micmac Wettjooch, all of which, applied sometimes to the English- man and sometimes to the Frenchman, and sometimes also used in a rather general sense, signify literally “Somebody is coming,” or “Who is this coming?”—one of the most primitive methods of refer- ring to the “stranger” or “foreigner,” but one that is responsible for similar names in other parts of the globe. Mythological, or partly mythological, relations are discernible in a number of Indian names for the white man. The Eskimo Kab- lunak is said by Rinkto refer to the legend of the girl and the dogs, although what is perhaps a better interpretation would connect it with “daylight.” The Shoshoni Taivo, Paiute Tavibo, is derived from Tabi, “the sun,” though, in the sense of “easterners,” perhaps and not of “sun men” otherwise. Something similar may be said of one of the Eskimo names for white men Shakenatanagmeun, “people from under the sun,” a term in use at Point Barrow. With the Maidu term Sakini, i. e. “ghosts,” or “spirits," suggestd perhaps by the “white color,” we reach another field of ideas exemplified a- mong the aborigines of Australia and elsewhere. In distinguishing the different European nationalities one from another, the Indians have developed some curious appellations. Thus the Modoc word for German, Muni tchuleks gitko, means®fje &eb illan, bp &eb itlen 181 t ickset fellow;” the Pima parlesick, Frenchman, is derived from Span>sh padre, “priest;” the Creek word for German given in 5 by Adair, Yah yah algeh, signifies “whose talk is jaja;' one Jibwa name for a Scotchman, Opitotowew, means “he who speaks <{* erently;” a Hidatsa term for Frenchman, Masik’tL, signifies rue white; the Mohave name for a Spaniard or Mexican is haiko & ana, or “long white man.” In the Chinook jargon of the Co- ia river region, and in several Indian languages of the Pacific COast also, the American is named after Boston and the English- ^an,and Canadian after King George, z. g., in Klamath, Kutenai, trier Dene, etc. At the beginning of the nineteenth century, n the North Pacific coast, Boston stood practically for all the ^nited States as King George did for England. Morever, to the e Algonkian Micmacs on the shores of the Atlantic at the present kJ e United States is Boston, and any inhabitant of it Boostoon- tvaach, while the Quebec Mohawks, in like manner term an rrierican Wastonronon. tio ^not^er example of the aggrandizement of purely local appella- , • ?S to seen *n ^e Cherokee name for Americans, Aniwatsini, Ic > according to Mr. Mooney, is derived from Watsini, a corruption of “Virginia,” or rather “Virginny.” de ' Course> ^e names by which the various European nations ■gnated themselves often drifted in the Indian languages of the AK ne”t- ^lus Englishman has given rise to the modern Canadian enaki Iglizmon, Delaware Ingelisbman, etc., and the French S	<*ts (others have thought Yankee) has been suggested as the rigm of the numerous Algonkian terms for Englishman repre- inlvT ^ Oj'bwa Shagenash and its cognates. In Abenaki and “p assachusetts respectively we find as corruptions of the English nchnian,” Pelajemon, and Punachmon. The Chinook jargon thM ^°r ^renc^man>^” Pasaiuks (the Klamath has borrowed it in orm Pasbayuks), is said to be a corruption of the French W'^ an ^nc^an su^x- as ' |6 ^'^wa word for German Anima, is the French allemand, js 1S a so the Micmac Alma. The influence of Pennsylvania Dutch q Seen in the Cherokee Tahchee for German; in Sac and Fox a rJ?an is called Tucbia, in Klamath, Detchmal, etc. E -ti r°m ^rench espagnol have come Nipissing Espaniio, Ojibwa Ppayo, Sac and Fox A ’payo', Quebec Mohawk Eskwanior,182 3Tf)c &eb iMan, bp l&eb itten etc. Both Cherokee Aniskwani and Klamath Spaniolkni are de- rived from the Spanish espanol with suffixes peculiar to these two languages. When the Indians came to name the Negro a number of tribes simply called him “blackman,” or “black white-man,” and let it go at that; or ‘‘black foreigner,” etc. The Kutenai Kamkokoktl aqktsemakimk and the Delaware Nesgessit lenape would seem to signi- fy “black Indian.” The Narragansett Suckauttacone means “black Englishman,” the Menominee Apesen wameo/ikosin, similarly, “black Frenchman," and the Navaho Nakhai lizhini, “black Mexican.” Thorough-going records of the various Indian languages would no doubt give us many more names of the white man than we now possess, for the Red Men were often quite capable of studying the new race in much detail, sometimes with a rather rich vein of sarcasm or humor of a very pointed sort, where time and occasion permitted. This is indicated, e. g., in the terms for Mexicans and Americans contained in the ethnological dictionary of the Navaho language recently published by the Franciscan Fathers. Among the terms applied to the Mexicans we find: “Holy,” “immortal,” “hairy,’ “fluffy,” “beard,” “shawls,” “long hats.” The Texas rangers were called “iron shirts,” “leather leggins,” etc., the early American soldiers: “Those who sleep on their ears,” “those who shoot from the side;” “those who burn their kneecaps, (at the fire);” “the sun- burnt ones;” “those whose foreheads protrude (this from the shape of their caps),” etc. Altogether the investigation of the ways in which the “Indian” named the “white man” is one of the most inter- esting aspects of the study of race-contact in the New World. j—	> “THERE is no greater blessing in this WORLD THAN A STEADY JOB, WITH IN- CREASING EFFICIENCY AND HENCE INCREAS- ING WAGES AS TIME GOES ON; AND THE ONLY WAY TO INSURE THAT HAPPY STATE FOR EACH INDIVIDUAL IS TO GIVE HIM THE TRAINING FOR SOME SKILLED VOCATION IN LIFE, WHETHER IT BE IN BUSINESS, IN A TRADE, OR IN A PROFESSION.—P. H. HanitS.Carlisle’s Former Students Who Are Making Good: By George W. Kellogg. THE records of Carlisle, by the progress of Carlisle’s students, by the “get there” in evidence in the large percentage of returned students and graduates from Carlisle,—is proved the untruth of the uninformed white man’s pessimistic wail: “The only good Indian is a dead Indian.” In the ten years of my acquaintance with New York In- _ .	dians I have seen the crude, raw material sent to rnsle, and after a few years, returned a moulded, rounded, smoothed, polished, useful product. Out of the fifty or more of Car- e students and former students whom I have met, I cannot recall ^who did not have the bearing of a lady or a gentleman. Out "e dozen of Carlisle’s returned students and graduates with , ,°m I have become well-acquainted, there is but one who, by 1	e men, has been pronounced a failure; there are three who, in Presence, have been commended by white men; and the rest, I now by my experiences with them, are making good, for h*'Sle 'S return‘n8 faithful, efficient, trustworthy housekeepers, °r whom there is a demand greater than the supply. Of these, I ^now tw°- In the face of a general prejudice against Indians, by ^ tconduct and conscientious discharge of duties,these girls have ^ 3 e ^emselves valuable and necessary to their employers; they Ve ^ade their services, and the services of others of their kind, anted elsewhere. In Rochester and Philadelphia respectively, ^ 1Ss Carrie Parker and Miss Ada Charles have made good, and the ^ ^°ne better financially than the average girl at the bench in e actory or behind the counter in the store. mployed on a farm, a returned student applied to the best of v**.a ll’ty what he had learned at Carlisle. He was diligent, perse- •	r,n£’Prudent, provident. He pooled his savings with the sav- k 8s of his brothers and sisters. With this fund, he and they N f°r cash, and for their parents, a home in the city of Syracuse. °t nowing that his statement would be used for publication, this th ^ man’ *n a recent conversation, said: “Now that we have fa- er and mother settled confortably and have made clear the way to 0 e for their needs while they shall live, it is my ambition to184 &eb JWan, bp £eb iHen complete my education. I am hoping that I shall be able to prepare myself and work my way through Cornell.” This young man is Horton G. Elm. For the progress which he has made, for what he is and for what he desires to be, he gives the credit mainly to the influences of Carlisle and of General Pratt. Freeman Johnson, graduated from Carlisle in 1907, is winning his way at the trade which he learned there, with the clothing manu- facturing house of Stein Bloch Company at Rochester, N. Y. Mr. Johnson’s example of breaking away from the reservation and en- tering the competition with the white race, has been imitated by a number of Indian boys, among whom Carlisle is represented by Jerry and Eddie Black; and as they are associated in their work with Mr. Johnson, it is evident that Mr. Johnson first made good. Of him and his Indian associates, the manager of one of the departments in the house where these boys are employed, made this statement: “Those boys are a commentary; they are making good.” Nellis A. Johnson, of another family and another tribe, is also a resident of Rochester. He is married and has one child. He is industrious and energetic. In his home life, he is a continuous contradiction of the prevailing opinion that the Indian man regards labor as becoming to women only, for, besides looking after such home work as the average white man does, Mr. Johnson, in order to make lighter the labor of his better half, will stitch a garment and do much other work that a white man would scorn; and the faculty of doing such things, Mr. Johnson says, was acquired while he was a student at Carlisle. During the season just past, Mr. J ohnson acquired the reputation of being a home gardener of unusual ability. Soil, which for a num- ber of years had grown weeds and grass only, and which was a mix- ture of sand, some clay, and boulders, Mr. Johnson turned with a spade. He made a pile of the boulders, and laid out his garden in regular oblong sections, a section for each kind of vegetable; and between and around these sections, he had sunken paths. In this garden he grew potatoes, corn, beans, tomatoes, cucumbers, squashes, melons, lettuce and onions; and he had some space in which there were a variety of flowers. When asked where he got the idea of laying out a garden with such regularity, and where he learned to grow successfully so much on so small a plot, Mr. John- son’s answer was: “At Carlisle.”(Jaki.isi.k's Nkw Vokk students who akh making c.ooi* JOSBl’H CllAKI.es AN l> FAMILY IN 1IIS 8l«(JAR BUSIICaklisi.k'b Nkw York hti’oknts who akk making c;ooi>—Solok Shanks AND HIS RLBCTKIC TRUCK Carlisle's Nkw York 8TU1>knts who akp. making c.oon— Shkkman Smith. Fattrrson Him. Jkkkv Black, Eduik Black, Simon Grand, Hkkbman Johnson and Burt Mosks, KMl'LOVKRS OF THR StHIN-BLOCK CO., ROCHBSTKR. N. Y.TRUE INDIAN TYPBS—TALL BULL. CHEYENNE ‘all Bull rrcrktly mark Carlisle a visit ani> was MUCH I NTK It KSTRI) IN TUB WORK OH VIIR INSTITUTION (Photo by Hen«el)HOMES OF OMAHAS EDUCATED AT CARLISLE A SERIFS OF 27 P1CTUKBS WKRB kECKNTLY RECEIVED SHOWING HOW OUK EX-STUDENT* FROM TIH* ONE TRIBE OWN GOOD HoMKS, ARF. ENGAGED IN BUSINKKS, THE TRADES AND IN FARMING Al l. SUCCESS - FULL. TllEV AKB MOULDING 1HK LIFE OF THE TRIIiH.Cfje £cb Jtlan, bp &eb fflen	189 Mr. Johnson is one of the several hundred employees in the col- ar ™a^ufactory which is operated by Cluett, Peabody and Compa- y> e is assistant foreman of the shaping department there, and has n er his immediate supervision, twenty-seven machines and al- ' ost fifty employees. In answer to an inquiry, Mr. Johnson said: my situation, and my ability to hold it, to what I learned nite I was a student at Carlisle.” ’ tur It”	was received at Carlisle in 1891 and was re- In 1901. Fora number of years he followed house-painting, quired	*le ^lac* learned at the school. Eventually, he ac- Res^ In> °Wn name three and one-half acres on Tonawanda c . . rvat,on. This, with several acres more, which he rents, he temK,atCiS answer to an inquiry which was made about Sep- j	’ 1911, Mr. Blackchief said that he has had growing dur- his h Season ^ acres of oats and 18 acres of wheat, and that of 0f 11 arvested crops, there are two acres of potatoes, three acres BUdTh'3*1^ ^Ve 3CreS beans. % the date mentioned, Mr. moreC le* a^ plowed eleven acres for wheat, and had nine acres er -rei(t0 Pi°w for the same purpose. He has a horse, a cow, a heif- §u’j| Fee and fifty chickens. Proof*0 fQ ®*ac^chief’s growing crops as I s^w, were positive a au ° ^amsta*cing» careful, thorough cultivation. In answer to anni;6^'0?’ ^r‘ blackchief replied that in his farm work, he had •PPM what he had learned a.Carlisle. Seein ** f ^*ac^chief is doing is illustrated by this incident: vation a re,C?nt Photograph, an Indian lady who had left the reser- that th ^ lIme^: <l^here did you get the volcanos? I never knew Blarlrrk^ r."ere on our Reserve!” The “volcanos” were Allen Amicf S Stac^s hay an^ oats, the too ,reservati°n influences, within a half-mile of the long-house, former r> ^ )-injustIy tabooed rendezvous of paeans, so called, this My firet mvb°y 'S .m^king 8°od' vvanda R ' .most intimate friend from Carlisle, I met on Tona- there je*ervatI°n in the summer of 1902. It was my first visit lacrosse "T & Stranger among strange people. He was playing sweater tl”1 1attTaCte^ Mention especially by the bright red heads int	buckskin moccasins, and the belt of woven which he w	keen worlced the word, “Carlisle”—all of v°re. He introduced himself in this way: “A picture for190 tEfje &eb iHan. bp £cb &\tn me of each that you have taken; my name is Adam Spring; my postoffice is Akron, New York.” He got the pictures. I have had ever since his friendship and his confidence. Adam worked in the Gypsum mines and plaster mills in the vi- cinity of the reservation; and, about a year after his marriage, he awoke to the fact that in this mine and mill drudgery he was not making the best use of what he had learned at the school. So, in 1904, he and his wife, with seven dollars in cash, and with their personal belongings in two suit cases, struck out for Rochester, where he secured employment as freight handler, and she, as cook. Both were on the alert for the opportunity to better themselves and there condition. Mrs. Spring, being expert with the needle, secured later, a more lucrative position in a clothing manufactory. Adam answered in person a contractor’s advertisment for steam- fitters. Being ask his nationality, and where he had been educated, Adam answered, “American” and “At Carlisle.” The job was clinched. Adam was given an order to be presented to the foreman. The foreman looked at the order, at Adam, and remarked: “Well! I wonder what they will send next?” With every movement scrute- nized by his fellow workmen, and particularly by the man in charge, Adam went to work as a steam-fitter’s helper. Adam talked little and kept busy. There was no task too difficult for him to accomplish. Eventually, the man in charge of the work, conquered by his ever- increasing curiosity, blurted out: “Say, young fellow, where did you learn your trade?” Adam answered: “At Carlisle;” and held the job nine months, until the contract was completed. On this job, in the building which is occupied by the Duffy-Powers depart- ment store, this Carlisle boy made good. Adam went after another job, got it and held it as long as he re- mained in Rochester. After a residence in the city of about five years, he and his wife returned to the reservation. Adam had supported the house with his earnings, while his wifejhad banked almost all of hers. With her savings, and on a small tract of land which she owned, Mrs. Spring built and paid for a small, but neat and comfortable home. They returned to the city for the following winter, in order to earn more money to pay for a proposed enlarge- ment and improvement of the home. They were on the reserva- tion again in time for the spring planting.ftfce &eU itlan, bp &eb iflen 191 Adam, in the meantime, applied for and drew his share of the u which had been derived from the sale of Seneca lands in Kan- sas, and which is held in trust by the Government. With his money> Adam bought land. Besides working out for white farmers an for others, Adam cultivates ten and one-half acres. As good arrner as he is a mechanic, Adam is a firm believer in the or ing of Indian lands by Indians; and he referred with ap- parent pride to his two and one-half acres of beans, from which he xPected to realize more than is ordinarily realized from forty acres y such Indians as let out their land to white men to be worked on ares, for the white man usually makes sure of his share, and the jan takes, and must be satisfied with what is'left; while Adam is PP ving to the best of his ability the knowledge of practical farm- he obtained while he was a student at Carlisle, f 'l • 3 ^0me Pa'd for, with the winter’s fuel already provided with1 1 e'^ °Wn Wooc^ w'th two hundred chickens on hand, own .^rov's’ons sufficient and to spare from the products of their and, and with the intention of opening a store, Adam, with the peration of his efficient helpmeet, is making good. jje ‘ ° omon Scrogg was at Carlisle three years. After his return, ^^secured employment with the Rochester Post-Express, com- for ^ *^e k°ttorn' He has been employed there continuously f ^ 1 years and has been advanced to the position of assistant know^h m ^ da’ly Pressroom. “Solly,” as he is generally ervat'n, ^ a '3r*=e number of friends among his people on the res- Seneca*1 ^ ^ C’ty‘	belongs to the Tonawanda band of since he was seventeen years of age, he has been one p , V He is a member of the Masonic order and of the stpaH “t.er'an Church, and is married to a Rochester lady. He is Ey’ ln us^r>ous, and is making good, and r ,rl use^ occupations and self supporting; respectable, Pected in the communities where they live; setting examples _8 "orthy of imitation by their people; prepared for citizen- ry work™^ at^VOCat'n£ 0Penly citizenship for their race; by word, these m ' ^ cor,duct—making good in every sense of the word— ceivpH enr>an^ women are proving that the training which they re- a Carlisle, has been worth while.Languages of the American Indians: Dr. A. L. Kroeber in Popular Science Monthly. Curator of Anthropology, University of California. PART II. HE Eskimo have often been proclaimed as an Asiatic people. While confined to the shores of Arctic America, their east and west range is tremendous. If one follows the coast, as they must have done in their migrations, the dis- tance between their eastern and western out- posts in Greenland and Alaska is at least 5,000 miles. Yet over this whole stretch the lan- guage is so uniform that any one dialect is almost entirely intelligi- ble to the people of regions thousands of miles away. The only divergent language belonging to the Eskimo stock is that of the Aleutian Islands. Where the Eskimo came from is still a moot problem, but as there is nothing in Asia to which their language bears any relationship, their Asiatic origin must at best be viewed as doubtful. How the Languages Sound. Many popular misconceptions are still prevalent as to the nature of Indian languages. It is commonly supposed that they are charac- terized by strange and harsh sounds such as “clicks” and “gutturals. On examination, the so-called clicks turn out to be nothing but a form of 1 produced more with one side of the tongue than the other and sounding nearly like tl or hi. This sound is perfectly well' known in Welsh and in many other languages of the old world- The guttural sounds also are generally not abnormal, and often less conspicuous than in Hebrew and Asiatic languages. As a rule «'e may state that no native American language possesses any sound formations that cannot be exactly paralleled and duplicated in one or more languages of the old world. What is more, it need hardb be said that among a thousand or more languages and dialects there is opportunity for every range of variation, and any attempt to characterize the phonetics of all Indian languages by one term °r by a single description must necessarily be fallacious. As a matter of fact there are many forms of native speech that are exceedingly smooth, harmonious and pleasing even to English ears. On th whole the American Indian finds English as full of strange soundse iflan, bp &cb jffflen	193 and difficult sound-combinations as we think the Indian languages be when first we hear them. Writing of Indian. as th* ^mer’can language was written in a native alphabet. So far t e Indians possessed a means of visible communication, it was the^1CtUre Wr't*n^‘ t*le highest development of this, in Mexico, picture writing took on to a certain degree, but only partially, a netic character. Pictures and symbols were sometimes in- as k 3S Suc^’ anc^ at other times read as sounds, almost exactly ho 6 r uses with which we amuse idle moments. Even then, svll	c^aracters usually represented whole words, or at best never ^ aS	not stand for individual sounds they were AntIrUe.letters> anc^ did not form an alphabet properly speaking, lane	an philology accordingly rests on an oral learning of the hy the^CS' ^	them has had to be in systems applied Th fln% estl^ator ^rom other languages, or specially devised by him. Span' ° jmer Was lhe earlier and less satisfactory method. The Enel^k USe^ t^le ^oman alphabet with its Spanish values, the were'S 0130 an^ ^mer‘can the letters of English. Where sounds were usC0’'lntered which are not present in these languages, they custo ^ ^ e er omitted, or represented by a character whose M^re^ Va'Ue somewhat resembled the sound in question, and sc' ,r^cent studies have generally been based upon a systematic Princi'T^'h0 moc^cat'on °f the Roman alphabet. In this, certain Tk*> CS .lave now been universally accepted for half a century. F^°tStelmportant of these are three: sound ’(fVer^ character or letter must represent one and only one by one	eac^ s°und, whenever it occurs, must be denoted Written b° 6 Sanie character. Third, single sounds must be f°r comh^	!etters, and vice versa, double letters are used only to> it doesnatI°nS SOUn^s' ^ these principles are strictly adhered Roman 001 muc^ matter what characters or modifications of the ly convers ^ ^ ernP*0ye^> as l°ng as the investigator is sufficient- are some "•'t^ ^an^ua£e not to confuse those sounds which explanadot at.S!m'*ar; anc^ provided also, that he furnishes a key or Ployed b°ni^IVin^ t*16 exact Phonetic value of every character em- certain n'-	^11 the choice of characters there are, however, 6	eiences- English k and c, for instance, are usually only194 ®fje &eb ittan, bp &cb iflcn two different ways of writing the identical sound. In any scientific system of orthography k is preferable because it has the same value in every European language that uses the Roman alphabet, as well as in Greek and the alphabets derived from it. The letter c, however, stands for a great variety of different sounds. In English and French it represents not only the sound of k, but of s, in Spanish th, in German ts, and in Italian, in certain cases, ch. K, which can not be misunderstood, is therefore always used in scientific systems. In the same way the five vowel characters are pronounced in al- most exactly the same way in the great majority of the languages of Europe. Philology, therefore, uses these letters exclusively with their “continental” values rather than with the English sounds, which are quite specialized and which sometimes require two letters, like ee or oo, to represent a single sound, and in other cases express a diphthong or double sound, such as a-i, by the single letter i. In general, very few students of American languages employ pre- cisely the same set of modifications of the Roman alphabet, for the reason that the great majority of them are working with different lan- guages, whose sounds are unlike, so that precisely the same set of dia- critical marks would be inappropriate and even inaccurate. The foundation of the system is, however, universally accepted, and may be roughly described as consisting of the vowel characters with their continental values, the consonantal characters with their English values, plus diacritical and typographical modifications to meet particular requirements. Number of Words. There has been particularly great misapprehension as to what may be called the extent or size of Indian languages—the range of their vocabulary. This is not surprising in view of the fact that similar misstatements are still current as to the number of words actually used by single individuals of civilized communities. It is true that no one, not even the most learned and prolific writer, uses all the words of the English language as they are found in an un- abridged dictionary. All of us understand a great many words which we habitually encounter in reading and may even hear frequent- ly spoken, but of which our speech faculties for some reason have not made us master. In short, every language, being the property and product of a community, possesses more words than can ever be®fje 3&eb 4Han, bp &eb iflen 195 ,USe by a single individual, the sum total of whose ideas is necessari- y much less than those of the whole body. Added to this are a pertain mental sluggishness which restricts most of us to a greater ess degree, and the force of habit. Having spoken a certain We a number of times, our brain becomes accustomed to it and are apt to employ it to the exclusion of its synonyms, man h6 ^e^ree to which all this affects the speech of the normal air? |jaS’ however, been greatly exaggerated. Because there are, 0	.including technical terms, a hundred thousand or more words us 7 m °Ur ^‘ct'onar’es> and because Shakespeare in all his writings ti^6 only fifteen thousand different words, and Milton only six of ISa ’ 11 has been concluded that the average man, whose range Shak U ant^ Power exPression is immeasurably below that of ry ®sPeareand Milton, must use an enormously smaller vocabula- |jfe . as been stated that the average English peasant goes through the ^ °L*t 6Ver using more than six or seven hundred words, that words°Ca ^ *ta*'an Srand opera is only about three hundred words' 3 f ^at most us c^° weH ^ we know a couple of thousand civiliZed I	WCre C3Se woulcl on'y be natural that the un- more 6 c ’ wb°se life is so much simpler, and whose knowledge |ary LOn nec*> should be content with an exceedingly small vocabu- erroneou ^°Wever’ certain that the figures just cited are very will sit^ 3n^ °ne W^° cons*^ers himself an average person yocabul °U n an^ ma^e a list or rough estimate of his speaking be said	t0 ^ar ab°ve 3 thousand. It may safely uses th a s°-called “ average man” knows, and on occasion that his6 names at least a thousand different things; in other words, To tlies °Ca ary possesses more than a thousand nouns alone, at least - mus. e added the verbs, of which everyone employs speech th^h *1Unc*rec*: adjectives; pronouns; and the other parts of to all co 6 S °rt an^ ^am'liar words that are absolutely indespensable that it js™municati°n in any language. It may be safely estimated c°untrv th'1 e^cePt‘onaHy ignorant and stupid person in any civilized thousand ^ r n0t 3t ^'s command a vocabulary of at least two great deal 'h^'h ^ Pr°bably the figure in the normal case is a Wh ° • servation th^ 006 ^ Pro^essecl to declare on the strength of his ob- a a particular Indian language consists of only a few196 me »et> fflan, bp fceti itten hundred terms, he has displayed chiefly his ignorance. He has either not taken the trouble to exhaust the vocabulary, or has not known how to do so. It is true that the traveler or settler can usually con- verse with natives to the satisfaction of his own needs with a knowledge of only two or three hundred words. Even the mission- ary can do a great deal with this stock if it is properly chosen. But of course it does not follow that because the white man in most cases has not learned more of a language, that there is no more. On this point the testimony of the philologist or student who has made it his business to learn all the language as nearly as may be, is the only evidence that can be considered. If now we re- view the Indian languages that have been most thoroughly explored, so to speak, and of which dictionaries are in existence that are even tolerably representative, as of Aztec, Maya, Algonkin, Eskimo, Sioux and several other idioms, it is found that all of these contain 5.000	words, and some considerably exceed this number. What is more, we discover that professions of an incomplete knowledge of a language usually come from the very men who have compiled these dictionaries or who have given years to the study of a language. It is the old story that it is only by increased information that one obtains a perception of one’s ignorance. The words are there in the Indian languages; it is only when we have learned several thousand that we begin to realize how many there must still be which are unrecorded. It may safely be said that every American Indian language, whether or not it has yet been studied, possessed before coming in contact with white civilization a vocabulary of at least 5.000	different native words. How the Grammar is Ascertained. Just as the Indian speaks sounds without being able to repre- sent them in writing, and just as he possesses thousands of words without suspecting it, he also follows complex intricate rules of grammar without being in the least aware of the fact. There is of course nothing strange in this. We are so accustomed to being taught grammar in school that we often allow ourselves to slide in- to the hasty opinion that we speak and write grammatically on occount of this training. There are, however, perfectly illiterate and uneducated people, who, merely through association with those who talk grammatical English, speak with entire correctness. The®ije $\et> iWatt, bp J\eb itlen 197 ^st grammarians among the Greeks and Hindus did not invent e rules governing speech in their tongues, but only perceived and Set down in systematic shape the grammatical forms and con- structions already existing in those languages. So it is only a hasty gment that would conclude that Indian languages are without grammar or form, merely because the Indian does not know that ere is such a thing as grammar. he Indian’s ignorance, however, brings it about that the structure of no Indian language can be learned ready made, but as be gradually explored and worked out step by step. With ??. lnterpreters this is a fascinating pursuit, and with proper th ° l^1C^ Gaining it is often not as difficult as might at first seem, w°?K U 'S always a laborious and lengthy task on account of the at of the languages and the intricacy of their structure. or lnstance, when forms like the following are obtained: l-emlu-i	I eat m-emlu-i	you eat l-emlu-ya	I ate m-emlu-bi	you will eat emlu-bi	he will eat is obvious on comparing the Indian forms with their English ev 'Va ents ^at the stem emlu is the only element that occurs in js one these Indian words, and the word eat the only one that that°ni/n0n tQ t*le translat'ons- There can, therefore, be no doubt whe?W * meanS t0 eat'' In the same way comparison shows that erever we have the English pronoun “I,” the Indian language in ofth^011 ^ossesses the prefix /-. Similarly “you” is the equivalent ocecPrefiX m > w^e "he” does not seem to be expressed. A suffix the/>CUrS W^en English rendering is in thq present tense, -ya for can reT' ^ ^le English future. These five phrases, if we notoe,y °n *heir having been accurately translated, therefore reveal dements* Stem’ ^ut ^ree pronominal elements and three tense Press /l	show, furthermore, that person in the verb is ex- or bv C Prefixes, instead of by independent words, as in English, jn ni0^n ln^s> as *n Eatin; and that tense is denoted by suffixes, as these S °tler languages. In other words, we have derived from eram examP'es a partial idea of that most difficult element in all g mmars’ th* conjugation of the verb.198	&eb iflan, bp &rb Jflen It is, however, not always as plain sailing as this. The average Indian, even if he has been an official interpreter, has been accustomed to give only the gist or substance of what he has to translate. He has never been troubled with the finer distinctions of tense, mode, number and case, some of which are quite abstract. He is very apt to slur these distinctions over, and to give an approximate instead of an exact translation; so that it is usually necessary to obtain a great number of examples, and patiently compare them, before any positive deductions can be made with safety. In many tribes even the best interpreter’s power of expressing himself accurately in English is quite limited, even though he may understand an ordinary conversation perfectly well. If his own language makes no dis- tinction between singular and plural, as not infrequently happens, he uses the English plural and singular indiscriminately. Many Indian languages lack gender and express “he” and “she” by the same pronoun. Most Indians, unless they have gone to school for some time fail to observe this distinction, and even the school gradu- ate in his unguarded moments is apt to relapse into the habit of calling a woman “ he.” When “he,” “ she,” “ him,” “her,” “it,’ “they” and “them” are all expressed by the one general pronoun “him,” the investigator has met a serious difficulty. His only recourse in such an event is to desist from the attempt to obtain exact translations of individual phrases or detached sentences, and to write down from dictation narratives or other con- tinuous texts of some length, subsequently getting these translated as nearly as may be word for word. Even if the translations are inaccurate in detail, they will be enough to give the drift of the story- Then, by knowing the context, the student is often able to correct the faulty expression of his interpreter. By the context he will know whether the pronoun refers to a man or a woman, to one person or several, and whether it is in the subjective or objective case. A single narrative or description may be of but little aid, but .r when a considerable series has been obtained, and has been care- fully analyzed, he has in hand sufficient material to determine almost any point, provided he gives it proper time and consideration. I* is for this reason that the collecting of texts in Indian languages has been carried on to so great an extent of recent years, and is justly looked upon as a basis of all analysis of Indian languages that pre- tends to any thoroughness or completeness.Zi)t fceb iWan, bp fceb iflen	199 The Phonograph. reat hopes have often been placed in the phonograph, but ept as an indirect accessory, the instrument has proved of no lce at all to the student of Indian languages, invaluable though may be for recording aboriginal music. The phonograph still re r°'?Vces sound with too great imperfection. When we hear a afe .. ln our own language we do not observe this fact, because we of thetenm^ *°r W*Ut We Can reco8nize rather than for those parts stand 10,1 which we fail to recognize. Just as we can under- art- ,a ?erson who mutters or whispers or speaks with indistinct ation, simply because we succeed in hearing the majority of the ?°Unc^s wh>ch he utters, and our imagination and familiarity with We ^an^ua£e enable us to supply the missing sounds, until we think recorT 3CtUally heard the whole -so we do in listening to a speech made' r°m t*le Phonograph. We can follow the whole of a record but we*1 °Ur °Wn ^an£uaSe’ even if it is mechanically only tolerable; niade^"Can ^ar.t^y write down correctly a single word of a record can ”i aii_ ent'rf*y foreign language. This may seem strange, but asi y je verified by experiment. ao» 6. °n*y yalue of the phonograph to the student of Indian lan- easily be verified by vaiue °f ,ht	r —-.—- The I r)- • 1 lrect °ne of assisting him in the procuring of texts, and r ’rH*1 ln^ormant has every opportunity to speak as naturally obtained \ ^ ^ w’shes- When a body of such records has been he- word' f ^ can gone over sentence by sentence, and if need be nec ^ W°rd’ w'th an interpreter, who speaks as slowly as may satisfactSSar' correct dictation. By this double method the most and the ^ teXtS Can °htained. Though the labor is increased, final n- 'nstrnn>ent serves only for the first step of the process, the »r°duct .s a perfect written text. ^	“Gluing Together. ” the gany attefnPts have been mad e to describe briefly and generally c°nimonl ^ma^'Ca structure of Indian languages. It has been they “glue”S i tHe lanSuages, as a class, are agglutinating, that Pasting to ? ^ e*ement to another to form words. But just such Aryoan 1 ^tler °f w°rd elements into words occurs in many of the is hard to's'1*'^^ ’ ^aCt 'n ^orrns °f speech all over the world. It same pro ^ ^ °n account of some subsidiary difference the ess s aould be called “inflection” when it takes place in our200 ®fje &eb iflan, bp &eb jffleit own language, and“agglutination” when it occurs in Indian or other idioms. It is probably only a desire to set off ourselves from all other people that is at the bottom of the distinction between “in- flecting” and “agglutinating” languages. Polysynthesis. A different description of American languages is contained in the word “polysynthetic,” meaning a high degree of combination. There is no question but that many Indian languages are extremely poly- synthetic, uniting into a single word, especially in connection with the verb stem, many elements of expression which in English and even in Latin and Greek have to be expressed by a number of separate words. Thus the English sentence “I will roll it there with my foot” would be expressed in the Washo language, from which the preceding illus- trations have also been drawn, by a single word containing eight syl- lables. and divisible into six distinct elements: di-liwi- lup- gic- ue- hi I-foot-with-roll-thither-will What is particularly characteristic of the polysynthetic process as exemplified by this word, is that most of the elements as used here can not stand as separate words. They are thus more like our pre- fixes and suffixes and are more properly word-elements than words in themselves. Thus if the Washo wishes to say “I,” as in answer to the question “Who is it?,” he says le; whereas in composition, as in the above long word, “I” is expressed by the prefix di-. Theword for “foot” is mayop, yet the element or prefix meaning “foot” in a polysynthetic compound shows no relation whatever to mayop, being liwi. In the same way there or thither as a separate word, as in answer to the question “to where?” is di; in a compound word the suffix -ue is used. It is necessary to observe that some American languages do not show this peculiar polysynthetic character, but it is true that the majority of them do possess it, and that some carry it to an extreme degree, so that with references to the languages as a class, it can not be denied that they tend to be polysynthetic. Every variety of grammatical form can, however, be found >n the native languages of America, just as they possess a tremendous diversity of words and of phonetic characters. Some of the Ian-QTfje &cb ittan, ftp &eb iflen	201 guages are very simple, others very complex. Some can be readily earned and analyzed, others present great obstacles. In spite of a the work that has been done by ethnologists, missionaries and others, the great majority of languages are still practically unknown. hey offer a tempting and almost unlimited field of philological re- search. Their study is urgent because many have become extinct most of the remainder are fast perishing before the inroads of h °r ^Pan's^: and it is of the utmost importance on account k "e aid which it furnishes to history and archeology. Our future nowledge of the history and pre-history of the American Indian Wl depend more largely on our knowledge of his languages than on any one other thing. ' The Indian in the Professions:* By J. M. Oskison. BUSINESS, or profession, is writing and edit- ing. In my small way, I’ve tried to make myself an interpreter to the world, of the modern, pro- gressive Indian. The greatest handicap I have is my enthusiasm. I know a lot of Indians who are making good; I know how sturdily they have set t	their faces toward the top of the hill, and how they’ve est °n w^en t^e temptation to step aside and rest was strong- th H'	tr^ t0 wr'te about them I lose my critical sense. Then ask C 't0rS symPathize—“Too bad he’s got that Indian bug”—and makeS’ a^°^t t^le covvboys. Now, I’ll write fiction about cowboys, but I e[|1	a°d shoot their forty-fours till everybody’s deaf, eve* W- , not rePeat the old lies about the Indian for anv editor that “M °" accePtance! the hi T ^ ^ ndians that go through Carlisle really do go back to and a ” T ^°n 1 they?” It was an assertion rather than a question, .ty110, ern magazine editor made it to me not a year ago. c° ii°l‘re wrong,” I said. “I can send you accurate statistics r- Friedman, superintendent of the school, which show *®*tra Unlver,i*y. CoIumKu- ^!>Cr be,ore «h® Writ Annual Conference of The American Indian Association, Ohio Stale • cto r 12 to 15, 1911. Mr. Oskison is Associate Editor of Collier's Weekly.202 m)t &eb iflan, bp *eb Men exactly what has become of the Carlisle graduates. They go back to useful, serviceable lives. They plow and trade, become soldiers and mechanics, enter the professions—teaching, nursing, the law, the diplomatic service, the ministry, medicine, politics, dentistry, veter- inary surgery, writing, painting, acting. If you want me to do it, I’ll assemble a gallery of individual Indians who are getting to the top of their professions in friendly, honorable competition with 90 million white Americans that will fill half of your magazine.” Did he want me to do it? Not he! Better for him one Indian who had slumped than a hundred who had pushed ahead. If only Congressman Carter or Senator Curtis would go back to the tepee and the blanket! That would be a story worth telling! Let us develop this profession of reformer; let us develop self- confidence—make ourselves effective, sane and scientific. Cut out mere complaining, and develop the lawyer’s habit of investigation and clear arrangement of facts. Last Spring, at Carlisle, I heard a Siceni Nori, a graduate of the school of 1894, talk to the graduating class of 1911. Mr. Nori is, I believe, a Pueblo Indian, and is a teacher at Carlisle. 1 should like to quote all of that good speech to you, changing it here and there to make it fit you. The gist of one paragraph I cannot resist using. It is one in which Mr. Nori ran over a list of Carlisle graduates who are making good in business and the professions: "If it shall be the pleasure of any one here to take a trip to Cuba and it becomes necessary to have the assistance of a dentist, just look up Dr. James E. Johnson, who is enjoying an annual in- come of $4,000, and his wife, also a graduate, employed by the gov- ernment at a salary of $1,200 per annum; or, if you desire to take the water trip, take the Pennsylvania Limited and go to Tiffin, Ohio, where you will find Dr. Caleb Sickles, another graduate and a promi' nent dentist who is equally successful; then, if you have time, go to Oneida, Wisconsin, where you will find Dr. Powlas, a prominent phy* sician who has the largest practice at his home at DePere, Wis.j and is a real leader and missionary among his people. Then pro- ceed to Minnesota and find Carlisle graduates practicing law and other professions in the persons of Thomas Mani, Edward Rogers and Dr. Oscar Davis. Or, if you took the southern way you would find along the Santa Fe route, Carlisle graduates and ex-students working in the various railroad shops and taking care of sections of___®{je &eb iHatt, bp &eb iflen	203 st^n ^reat railroad system, preferred above all other kinds of q1 e ^bor, for they have shown their worth as good workmen. ’ y°n might meet Chas. A. Dagenett, a graduate, who is National her rVlS°r°^ ^nd'atl Employment.andwho has by experience gained *	at this school under the Outing System, been able by untiring g °rt’t° systematize and build up what is really the Carlisle Outing is ntCm *°r t^e ent’re Inchan Service, and for 300,000 Indians. It 0t °ften Possible to find a man who can be equally successful in p * 11n£ ^at he attempts, but we have in a Carlisle graduate, Chas. acr Cr> Wor'd‘famous pitcher of the Philadelphia Athletics, ac marksman and a jeweller by trade, and a past-master in all.” Ve^J. month I get the “Southern Workman,” the school maga- 'annoU MS^e^ at Hampton. Over in the back is a department of “Ind- of i °,*s which is inspiring reading. Here are printed bits of news you ’n*1 ^raduates who are busy in the world. In one paragraph the H 'u reat^ f^at ^l'zaheth Bender is taking a nurse’s training at 'ey has nemann hospital in Philadelphia; in another that Eli Beards- South i^°ne t° take a job as engineer at the Grand River School in as a ’ a a; ’n a third, that Jacob Morgan, a Navajo, is working month'th'01-^ amon£ b's people in New Mexico. Month after And 6	tb080 who graduate into the professions lengthens. 1°^ °n^ 3t ^"arl'sle and Hampton are the professions recruit- schools,af ”lembers> but Haskell and Sherman Institute, the high Un:v klahoma and scattered colleges from Dartmouth to the ford US'!y °- ^ashington are turning them out. With me at Stan- ly waTherSlty WaS an India" named Jeffe- ff°m Washington. Not had in S ^	football player, but one of the best students we ford in°Ur ^ dePartment. Another law student who came to Stan- ly spent*1/ tlme a Cherokee named Hughes. He had previous- good talk"0 y<?arS ’n Dartmouth. Last fall at Muskogee, I had a former chier"^ *	Cherokee named Bushyhead, son of a in Mexic ^ my tr'be- He had just come back from six months for an '' 6Fe went to learn Spanish. He was fitting himself HowPPOmtment in the Diplomatic Service. Sioux whrny ^lere *Cnow little Bison, that thin-faced, keen-eyed There’s the"3'1*8 t0 C°^on'ze Nicaragua with American Indians? Professio	°* Pr°fessional man who stirs the imagination! he told nie	6 ^'son ls a veterinary surgeon—very modestly, e once that there isn’t a better horse doctor in the coun-204 Qtfje &eb iflan, bp £eb fflen try—but he has also been a showman, an artist’s model, a com- panion for an invalid man who wanted to see the ends of the earth before he died. Now he is a colonizer, a practical diplomat having business with the Estradas and the Zelayas of Central America. He comes to my mind, a figure of adventure, out of a tropical up- land where the bright-plumed parrots screech. He brings the bright feathers and stories about curing a mule for a native of Nic- aragua; about the fine land waiting for development, and about the power 5,000 Indian men would be down there when a revolution broke out. To my mind Little Bison is a type of promise. He lives by his wits. And that is my definition of a professional man. Not to fol- low worn trails, but to be ready to break out new ones—let this be the aim of those of us who enter the professions—whatever they be. The professions are wide open to us. We have the strength and the steadiness of will to make good in them. Prejudice against the Indian simply does not exist among the people who can make or mar a career. Always the climb for the top will be going on. The Indian who fits himself for the company of those at the top will g° up. He will go as swiftly and as surely as his white brother. There is no easy, short road up—either for the Indian or for the white man. Conscientious, thorough training, character, hard work—the formula for success in the professions, is simple. I believe the average Indian would rather work his brain than his hands. That has been accounted our misfortune, /think it will be our salvation. There is room for us in the professions, there is a wide market for brains-A ‘iROU,‘ °l' GRADUATES AM) RETURNED STUDENTS OF THE CARLISLE SCHOOL AT THE COMMKNCEMENT EXERCISES OP l«ll HOME OF JAMES K. JOHNSON. CLASS 1901 '<• JOl'«SON HAS A WHLL KSTAHUSHHtl DKKTAI IRACT1CK IX SAN JI’AN. I'. R.i HIS *8 ALSO A CAKLISLK GKADl’ATR. HK IS A STOCKBKIDf.K INDIAN NU WHILE AT 8CHOOL WAS AN ALL-AM BRICAN QUARTHMHACKTRACK TEAM b*UTEAM CLENNS.WARNER CORNELL.' 94 DIRECTOR OEATHLETICS INDIAN FIELDRobin Red Breast. Iva MlLLER, Cherokee. |HE war was over and many prisoners had been taken captive, and some were sent into slavery. Among the captives was a brave warrior who had fought courageously until he became unconscious from a blow received on the head. r	--This warrior was first taken to a natural subter- half an..stone cav®» which was very long, the main part being one- Th 01' e ^rom entrance. He was kept there six days and nights. cidedSC^yenth day he was brought forth and told that it had been de- *	at must be sacrificed in order to appease the anger of v 'jreat Spirit. SOrt^f W.as out into a large open field, where he noticed that a him to dtar k660 erected- Binding him to a stake, they left beasts 'e starvation and thirst, or else to be eaten by the wild willinS T’ 1° Were at enmity w'fh the red man at this time. He would his peo^ l 6 d°ne tllis t0 aPPease the Great Spirit’s wrath against lv r. e’ *)ut ^or his enemies such a sacrifice could not be willing- V Performed. Pq had yet ^	rema'ned hound to the stake, and no succor bUt th C°me' ^ end of the thir dday a number of deer passed, had no ^ remembered how he had slain their brothers, and so they verv w C‘?rnPass*on on him, but passed by. He was now growing ^ little ^ t*mes Was unc°nscious. anguish 6 / Pass*ng on her way to her nest heard his cries of k'nd his C°m'n^ nearer> found that with patience, she could un- away. wChttersK f‘ora whole day she worked pecking his fetters to thp Cn, 6 Was Anally unbound he sank weak and exhausted crounn rr • heak full Qf r'ntting to a near-by stream, she returned with her c°nsciousnes W3ter; she continued to do until he regained Mentally nEnding off from around his left arm, she acci- C e a hole in his arm, and it was now bleeding. With a210 ®fje &cb iflan, bp &eb iflen finger of his right hand he painted the little bird’s breast red with his blood. That is why certain robins of to-day have red breasts. In a few days the warrior recovered his strength and was able to find his way back to his wandering tribesmen. The chief, his father, had been killed in the battle in which he was taken prisoner, and so he succeeded him as chief of his tribe. He always re- membered the little bird who had saved his life, and would not allow his people to harm the robins in any way. The Adoption Dance. Virginia Gaddy, Delaware. HE Adoption Dance is one of the ceremonial dances of the Shawnees. This is quite different from any one of the festive dances. They come many miles around and camp; their faces are painted and their persons decorated with beads. They dance all day and night without eating- A bon-fire is built in the center of the camp and they dance around this. The fire is kept burning about the same all the time. This serves also as their light. The adoption dance is rather quiet, more so than the other dances. The women do most of the singing and sing very lo''- They dance around the circle in twos. The men dance together in front, and the women together in the rear. The two leaders in front are usually the ones who are adopting the child. They carry tin pails; in these are rubber balls, which bounce and keep time with the drummer. This is all the music they have to dance by. If a large crowd is assembled, they niay have two or three drums. At these dances good order is kept. No drunkenness is allow- ed. The dance is in a grove, and if anyone does not behave th« dance they have a great feast which lasts all day, and visitors, and all others who attend the dance, are invited to partake of the feast- decently they tie him to a tree for the rest of the dance. AfterCbitor's Comment EnnJ’riDIANS AGREE TO ®«S4™EIR |^HE news dispatches of the day of C 1° i?ate r^at tbe recent mission Artt HU8h L‘ Scott’ U- A., to their child 'nfluence the HoPis to send successfulren ThSChC|01 HaS bee" ^ f°ught by Chief Yuk *" arv k. . , Yukeoma, a reaction- fluence' c * *?°lonel s loKic and in- ,ribe with him thC Semimem °f thC whtn0^ f0“r yearS a8°’ at the time bitterly	‘ Indians were most influence?1!?6'1 t°education and the tribe’, chief clvllr/-atlon, ten of the Carlisle to fa.	86,11 t0 as Prisoners of w *1.’ They Came dian custn J wlthlone hair< In- With paearwf a"d drCSS’ a"d imbued some of rh ' ^ tfle 8rouP were several m * Pnests of tbe tr'be, and tr°Shoe ,t0 tHe ^vemmem.Ven mU°h ed to hive *1- tuhe'r arrival’ they ask- 0thef Studpnf	CUt Sh°rt’ like the ‘hey improv ^ fr°m that time on “White m 6 * rapid,y In learning the lte Man’s Wav«s” t-u Christians, speak F i fy are read and wri.P	English, can t0Ward aonir " 6 made Pro8ress am°nK the beststud	They are c°urteoUs 1 Cms ,n the ^hool- Wel|-behaVed UStr,°US' StUdi°US and Wa^,0fwhr,H0P'S is Louis Te- America’s „rp * developed into ntr’ with 5 tong-distance run- 0res of medals, cups, and other trophies, which he has won in America and Europe. He will be a member of America’s Olympic team which goes to Sweden next year and will, undoubtedly, give a good account of himself in the Marathon. We note the change of sentiment among the Hopis with pleasure and hope that they are sincere in their re- cently expressed desire for education and training for their children. THE LEADERSHIP OF HAMPTON. THERE has been a wonderful growth in Indian education since the first large and concerted movement was made by the Federal Government towards the education of its wards in 1879, by the establishment and sup- port of a large Indian School at Carlisle, as the nucleus of a system of Indian education. But some years before this, the work had already been inaugurated and given an impetus when a number of Indian prisoners of war were brought from Florida and placed in the Hampton Normal and Agricultural School at Hampton. Virginia. The experiment gave heart and courage for larger things, and now it can hardly be said that the Government is neglecting the education of the aboriginal Americans. From that time to this, Hampton has been of great usefulness to the Ind- ian Service, serving as a beacon light to guide and inspire in educational matters. This service has extended beyond the Indian Service. The influ-212 ®fje £eb 4$lan, bp &Eb fflen ence of the common-sense methods at Hampton has spread and it can truly be said that Hampton is not only the pioneer in Negro education, but of industrial education throughout the nation as well. It is fortunate that Hampton has had as leaders such strong, tactful, earnest, practical men as General Armstrong, who found the school in 1868, and Dr. Frissell who succeeded to the work a number of years ago. Under the common-sense guidance of such strong leaders, and with a corps of able workers knit together by a harmony of purpose and splendid cooperative effort, Hampton has continued to grow both in its own establishment and in its influence throughout the education- al world. It is well that there is a Hampton to act as a balance wheel and as an inspirational incentive to Negro edu- cation. But Hampton’s work has not ceased here. There has been a revo- lutionary reorganization in education in every state in the South. That Hampton has been quietly effective in this read- justment, there is not the slightestdoubt. Her methods and ideals have been far- reaching. With all our discussion of industrial training in the public schools, there has really been only a pecking at the surface. It has been mostly agitation and education. The real work re- mains to be done. While the work has been going on in some places in Europe, notably in France and Ger- many, for more than a century, Hamp- ton was the first to emphasize it in America. For years she has champi- oned the cause of vocational training- not only by an excellently administered school, but by a host of trained me® and women who go out each year to spread the gospel of service and work among the people. CARLISLE’S SCOPE SHOULD BE ENLARGED. THE Annual Report of the United States Indian School at Carlisle* Pa., by Hon. M. Friedman, Superin- tendent, for the year ending June 30* 1911, has been issued from the school press. It is a most interesting docu- ment to those interested in Indian ed‘ ucation in general and the Carlisl* school in particular. In the rep01” aside from the statistics, Supt. Fried' man gives an exhaustive discussion 0 the use Carlisle students make of th*1 education, and of their success in world. He cites many example -ho graduates and returned students have “made good” and are a credit1 their race and their nation. He prov** conclusively that Carlisle 1 ndians donot “return to the blanket” as has been 50 often stated by those presumably 0 acquainted with the facts. Case *• case is given in which Carlisle have been successful in the trades *n in farming, in the professions, gover® ment service, politics and even Pf0" fessional sports. Not only have 1 made their way in the world, but m have become leaders among their people, thus setting an example* ^ has more influence than can easily •	nil ^ comprehended. The girls as «'ei . the boys have turned out well.GTfje fceb 4Han, bp &eb iSlcn 213 any are the possessors of fine homes oth re*°'Ce 'n fhem and their families; ,ers bave heen successful in nursing other similar work. Supt. Fried- «« well says: Everywhere throughout the coun- sn A 6 r''s*e graduate and returned sta 7 **• ^nown f°r his ability to the °n °Wn ^eet and ^or having look C°Uraee of h's convictions. He , e'ery man straight in the eye in aN *tr'ct'y t0 ^'s own affairs m a>l things.” derf..]6 ^ar*‘S*e School has been a won- the federal* Ind'an education and ing bett.r K°VernmentCOuld do noth- thusin	t0 en|arge its scope and EveninTeitSUSefulneSS'-Editorial’ 29, 19li me1, Carlis'e’ December tugg® worm worm has turned, •he Am ^',S cue ^rom °therraces, protest !l'Can Indlan has begun to race Pernr thC caricatures of his and thp by the cheaP theater* ThrouEh t.m°„V,ng-Pi«^es shows. Carli*'e School thPer,mendent 31 the Indians declare “ y°Un8er Amer'can noble reHm	e P|Ctures of the lndthechTDren by thebW and hbelous. - rrS arC misleadinS f°otbalI eU 6 V,Ctorious Carlisle '"■Ct, '* ™ ".is "O'offered) ,h„ with civilizatay " has caught UP ■T—"Thi’ ’ ,e“ th« eleven	supremacy of indic*ion thTtUU1,0.be Uken 3San ’ the Poor Indian, was at no time so benighted as his palefaced brethren made him out to be. Nearly every other race has filed protests, more or less vigorous, against coarse and vicious caricaturing and lampooning. It is the form of dramatic censorship that is effective and that de- serves support. The stage loses noth- ing by the removal of the racial cari- catures. In fact, their removal clears the way for some realism that is badly needed. The Indian has had a hard time of it in literature and on the stage. It is hard to believe that the noble red man was at any time the solemn prig that Fennimore Cooper made him out to be. On the other hand, he could never have been so bad as some other authors painted him. We have been studying the Indian for a good many years now, and it is about time that we learned something about him and tried to be fair to him. Our fore- fathers, who bought his heritage for a few bottles of rum and some beads, decided that he was a bloodthirsty scoundrel because he resented the bunco game when he came to. Lat- er, we decided that he was a noble red man with crude virtues that should make the paleface paler for shame. This last indication—the protests against the stage caricatures—makes us believe that he may be just a human being, after all, with an ordinary hu- man being’s little vanities. He objects to being made sillier than he really is, even as you and we and your race and our race.—Editorial, San Francisco, (Cal.) Post, December 12, 1911.214 ®be &eb itlan, bp »eb illen THE INDIAN AS A CITIZEN. ACCORDING to the superin- tendent of the Carlisle Indian School, the American Indian is finding himself and is taking his proper place with the white man as a good citizen, true patriot and self-respecting and self- supporting workman and Christian. This is true of the Indians who have not been pauperized by misdirected government bounty and by sham phi- lanthropy, administered by ignorant faddists electing to pose as friends of the Indian. The best Indians are those for whom the least has been done, and who, consequently, have done most for themselves. The American Indian does not dif- fer to any remarkable extent from men of any other race. When compelled to it by necessity, he will learn to change his habit of life and adapt him- self to new environment and new con- ditions fairly well. The trouble has been, in the treatment of the Indians in the past, there has been altogether too much made of the idea that the Indian is the ward of the nation. He has been given great reservations, large annuities in money, rations when needed, and generally trained to the idea that it was the duty of the govern- ment to support him in idleness. When dissatisfied, he took to the war- path, and when brought back to the reservation was more tenderly treated in the future for fear that he would break out again. No people of any race in the world could have stood such deliberate pauperizing treatment and emerged from it any better than the Indian5 did. Under a more sensible policy they are showing their real capabilities- If the Indians had been put from the start squarely on the plane with other people, compelled to work °f starve, receiving nothing that they did not earn, they would have merged readily in the population within 8 single generation. Metlakatlah, Alaska, is an object lesson of how readily the Indians can be trained into the paths of civilization* with no money aid and nothing save guidance and instruction. There ,s as decent, orderly, self-respecting. in' dustrious and thrifty a community *5 can be found anywhere, and the Ind- ians did it all for themselves, undef the guidance of one white man who devoted his life to their interests.^" Editorial, Seattle (Wash.) Post-In" telligencer, December 4, 1911. INDIANS ON TOP. HERE’S a good one from theNe* York Mail; all the Indians men* tioned were educated at Carlisle excep1 Meyers: “The Indian may be fading from tl** map; he may have reached the sunse' of existence as a nation; but as a men1' berof the sportive colony, his rank w» Number One in 1911 at almost every start.	( Tewanima, an Indian, won the 1 big marathon and proved himself t0 be the best long-distance runner America. There were only two Indians in1 world series melee and both wett La stars—Bender rivaling Baker with 1®f)e &eb itlait, 3R.clJ iflen 215 Ma!r'CS’ and Meyers ranking with In (S°n and Doyle for the Giants. meH utba11’the CarIis|e team trim- Brow arvard> Pennsylvania, and th"?"’ W,hi'e ThorPe Proved to be year Uaround foot-ballist of the er R j rus^er’ Punter and goal kick- World60 W ^mer'can League and lackpHk^r'eS P'tC^ers’ while Meyers from th " °"e Hlt °f crowding Wagner batt'ng fold'’,0f thC National League LlSLEAMEr,SET BY CAR- E AND HAMPTON. is known (o most of high /S J*S 3 SC^°°^ l^at Prod uces a at ama7in 1 ucates Indian youth »to“t,n$151.>vear similar in t	1 Iess than any JumD 'tUtl0n haS >et reP°rted- There nL	'Sle *° HamP»>n. s°™ewW| y°Uth 3re tau«ht- with a money, h CSS amaz'ng showing in lowing as”! , equa,,y gratifying make the product,v'ty. For both Wafd races y 3 8'rl °f these back‘ from the fi practlca>1y self-supporting hA"Wc?,i:eoa~ • schools, acadPm-	8 e s’ Private Wil1 shV at th ,8S Snd ,lke instituti°ns Cou,d do likewise SU“oSt,0n that 'hey say 4iron	Pupils,” they baskets, m n°! ma*ce wagons, weave and trucks n^,aaure wheelbarrows They couldn’t anTk^ h*W ta studies.”	keeP “P with their p°ssib|y not v • and ^e negro wk M '* 'S the indian 1101 'he Anier' a'8 be'°w the ‘^P*. ncan-Anglo-Saxon. No one who has knowledge of the two types of school will question which graduates the child with the stronger body. A little more work of the hand, a little less of the mind, a little more self-support, a little less spending, and every college in the land would be a greater force for good citizenship.— Editorial, Newburgh News, New York State. CARLISLE INDIAN SPEAKS BEFORE INDIAN RIGHTS ASSOCIATION. AT THE annual meeting of the Indian Rights Association held Thursday evening, December 14th, in the hall of the College of Physicians in Philadelphia, S. J. Nori, Chief Clerk of the Carlisle Indian School, delivered an address on ‘The Carlisle Gradu- ate.” Mr. Nori is himself a graduate of the school in the class of 1894, and is a full blood Pueblo. He has made a careful study of the subject and, with a natural eloquence, he made a pro- found impression on his hearers. Splen- did reports have come from the officers of the association of his address and the unusual interest which followed his remarks. LONGFEATHER DOCTORS SICK TREES IN ATLANTA. N. LONGFEATHER, a full- blooded Apache Indian, has opened up a branch office here of the firm of Longfeather & Shepard, experts in forestry and landscape, as well as doc- tors of diseased trees, with offices in the Argyle building, 345 Peachtree St. Mr. Longfeather is now working on216 ®fje &eb iflatt, bp fceb iflen the Adair estate, and says that he likes Atlanta so well he is going to live here. He is a graduate of the Carlisle Indian School. Longfeather was born in a wigwam and his history is most interesting. His life of 23 years has been spent in studying trees and how to treat them.—The Georgian, (At- lanta, Ga.) December 22, 1911. THE FIGHTING SPIRIT. AN INTERESTING letter from Hugh Soucea, a Carlisle grad- uate, now employed in the Service, It shows a splendid spirit: Dear Mr. Friedman: At the closing hours of 1911, I am sending to you and the whole school, my hearty congratulations for your year's suc- cessful work. May the work ofthecoming year eclipse the present with greater success. Some one has said that the time to make new resolutions, is all the time. If we have been a failure this year, we should not lose courage and lie where we have fallen to be stepped upon by those who have triumphed, but, instead, we ought to get up and go into training once more for the next combat in life’s great battle, the winning of our daily bread. Perhaps some of us may feel we have been defeated this year, through the loss of business, position, or friends, and are now looking to the future with fear. If we look back, we can see where we have made our mistakes and we are sure to thank the great trainer for life’s battles, Experience. One must never feel when he has been defeated, that he has lost everything. He will find that he has not lost his most pr*®- ious treasure, that which the Divine Povrt1 has planted within him, Manhood. Last fall this place was nearly swept aw*y by a terrible flood. After it was all over, 1 looked upon its path of destruction. It had overturned or pushed aside everything th** was weak. Only the structures whose foundations were solid stood the ordeal. ® we construct our business or our lives up®n weak foundations, we will be swept aside easily by the currents of life’s dangers. Every Carlisle student is proud of thi* year’s football team, but we know that C»r" lisle always feels prouder when she learn* that her returned students are not idle bo* are helping themselves by helping others all lines of industry. Here in Shiprock we have a strong foot* ball team too, organized for the educati®” of the Indian race. With Mr, Shelton, £>uf superintendent, as center, and the employ** as guards and tackles, we have been charg" ing, tackling and pushing aside all obstacl** which the flood of Oct. 6th has brought H* our path. We are still on the defense, h°‘ we have great confidence in our captain an center, who not only never gives up in *n®" thing he undertakes, but meets defeat a smile. When I came here last fall, this place W*1 a garden spot amid the surrounding d®5*1* It was a beautiful place up to October 6*® when the San Juan River swelled a milH0*1 times its size. With all these setbacks, °u* superintendent did not lose heart, but start to rebuild the school. So we think ®° superintendent deserves a place on the t**®* of All-Indian School Service Superintend ents.	Yours most truly, Huch Soucea, Class I*94,E WHO helps a child helps humanity with an im- mediateness which no other help given to human creature in any other stage of hu- man life can possibly give again. * Phillips Brooks uBHSBH8BBBC3dtarlislf Hn&ian Industrial §r(iool iW. ;f rtebman, &uperintenbent . nr'ATinw The Indian School is located in Carlisle, Pa., in beautiful * Cumberland County with its magnificent scenery, unexcell- ed climate and refined and cultured inhabitants. HKTDRV The School was founded in 1879, and first specifically provid- " ed for by an Act ofthe United States Congress July 31, 1883. The War Department donated for the school’s work the Carlisle Barracks, composed of 27 acres of land, stables, officers’ quarters and commodious bar- racks buildings. The Guardhouse, one of the school’s Historic Buildings, was built by Hessian Prisoners during the Revolutionary War. PRFSFNT ^e present plant consists of 49 buildings. The school cam PLANT pUS’ to*>ether with two school farms, comprises 311 acres. The buildings are of simple exterior architectural treatment but well arranged, and the equipment is modem and complete. APADFIVTIP The academic courses consist of a carefully graded school 1	‘ including courses in Agriculture, Teaching, Stenography. Business Practice, Telegraphy and Industrial Art. TRADFS Instruction of a practical character is given in farming, dairying. *	horticulture, dressmaking, cooking, laundering, housekeeping and twenty trades. Di itinjP ^ Outing System affords the students an opportunity for ex- SYSTFM tended residence with the best white families of the East, enabling •	them to get instruction in public schools, learn practical house- keeping, practice their trade, imbibe the best of civilization and earn wages* which are placed to their credit in the bank at interest. PURPOSE ^ a'm °f Carlisle School is to train Indians as teachers. * homemakers, mechanics, and industrial leaders who find abun- dant opportunity for service as teachers and employees in the Indian Service leaders among their people, or as industrial competitors in the white communi- ties in various parts of the country. Faculty____________________________________________________ 75 Total number of different students enrolled last school term.............. Total Number of Returned Students___________________________________________________________ Total Number of Graduates_______________________________ ____ 1192 4693 , 583 Total Number of Students who did not graduate________________________________411® RESULTS These students are leaders and teachers among their people- ’ 265 occupy positions with the Government as teachers, etc.. 10 Government schools; among the remainder are successful farmers, stockmen, teachers, preachers, mechanics, business men, professional men, and our g'rls are upright, industrious and influential women.