VOLUME 4, NO. 8	APRIL, 1912	DOLLAR A YEAR An Illustrated Magazine by Indians Published Monthly by THE CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIAT T T 3 magazine issueb tit tfje interest of tfje i^atibe American bp Carlisle4b	iWgn # M. FRIEDMAN, Editor. Volume 4 _April, 1912_NumberJ Contents: Cover Design—Thf. Indian Carpenter— By William Deitz, “Lone Star," Sioux Agricultural Progress Among Indians— Illustrated—By F. H. Abbott, Assistant Commissioner of Indian Affairs - - - The Fool Soldiers; A Tale ok the Sioux— By Thomas J. King, Jr. - - - Coleraine—Illustrated— By Laura S. Walker	- - The Silver Lining—Selected	- - Indians as Money Makers and Students at Carlisle— From New York Evening Sun - The Legend ok the Tacquish— By Agnes V. Waite, Serrano - - Editorial Comment - - - Book Review - - - - Comment of our Contemporaries Concerning Ex-Students and Graduates PUBLISHED BY U. S. INDIAN SCHOOL. CARLISLE. PA. Entered as second-claa* MtW. Ten numbm each rear. One dollar pef fear. Printed by Indians of man\j trib** under the instruction of Arthur C. Brown. An work and Indian designs undrt the direction ot Angel DeCora *» 3U 319 327 329 330 340 341 349 350 355Agricultural Progress Among Indians: By F. H. Abbott, Assistant Commissioner of Indian Affairs. HRIVING farms on Indian reservations are a more effective means to stay the white man’s invasion than delegations to Congress; industry and self-support surer safeguards against the intrigues of the grafter „ than courts of law. The best evidence of this is the ^i living examples of thousands of successful Indian farmers found to-day in all parts of the Indian country. The earliest missionaries among the Indians, looking into the future, recognized these truths, and laid the foundations for the governmental policy of agricultural and vocational education as the best means to Indian civilization. As early as 1567, Father Roger, a Catholic missionary, is found laboring to win the Indians of Florida to industrial pursuits by encouraging them to select allot- ments of land and to build thereon commodious houses, procuring for them agricultural implements and instructing them in the art of agriculture. The Moravians, next in chronologic order after the Catholics, in the middle of the eighteenth century established missions in New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, teaching agricul- ture and the related industries. A little later the Quakers took up work among the New York tribes, building mills and blacksmith shops among them, introducing farming tools, and giving instruc- tion in their use, while the Indian women were instructed in house- hold duties, including weaving and spinning. The first Indian treaties, and the first acts of Congress relating to Indians, accepted the views of the early missionaries with re- spect to the need of agricultural and industrial education. The314	The Red Man by Red Men treaty entered into between the United States and the Delaware tribe concluded at Vincennes the 18th day of August, 1804, con- tains the following: Suitable persons shall be employed at the expense of the United States to teach them to make fences, cultivate the earth, and such of the domestic arts as are adapted to their situation, and a further sum of three hundred dollars shall be appropriated annually for five years to this object. The United States will cause to be delivered to them in the course of the next spring, horses fit for draft, cattle, hogs, and implements of husbandry to the amount of four hundred dollars. The Act of March 3, 1819 (3 Stat. L., 516), authorized the President to employ capable persons of good moral character to in- struct the Indians in the mode of agriculture suited to their situa- tion. On November 20, 1826, Thomas L. McKenney, Chief of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, in his report to the Secretary of the In- terior, advocated the same policy. He said in that report: If, after they shall have acquired a knowledge of letters, and of the arts, they are thrown back into uneducated Indian settlements, is it not to be appre- hended that the labor of instructing them, and the expense attending it, will be lost ? To make the plan effective, therefore, and to follow out its humane de- signs, it is respectfully recommended that, as these youths are qualified to enter upon a course of civilized life, sections of land be given to them, and a suit- able present to commence with, of agricultural or other implements suited to the occupations in which they may be disposed, respectively, to engage. As early as 1891, 239 farmers were employed on the various In- dian reservations, at a total expenditure of $169,320; in 1901 this number had increased to 329, at an expenditure of $212,470. Three years ago the Government was paying 355 farmers $244,671. Dur- ing the last three years, while less than a dozen farmers have been added to the force, the salaries paid have been increased to $297,190, representing an increase of more than $50,000 annually. In 1891 it was estimated that Indians were farming 46,800 acres of land, and this acreage was increased to 381,615 acres in 1911. Ten years ago it was estimated that 10,290 Indians were actually cultivating lands allotted to them in severalty. In 1911 this number had grown to 24,366. The total number of allotted Indians living being 174,608, the figures, therefore, indicate that a reasonable per- centage of them are doing something toward farming. Many of these are living in commodious farmhouses and are successful farmers and stockmen, living socially on an equality with their white neighbors.The Red Man by Red Men 315 In carrying forward the Government’s policy of developing In- dians industrially, Indian schools have played the most important Part. Instruction in agriculture for boys, and domestic industry f°r girls, is as old as Indian schools themselves. As early as 1870 several of the reservation schools had farms and gardens where the Indian boys worked under the direction of competent men, and the girls performed the duties of the kitchen and the sewing room under the direction of competent women. In 1874 a manual laborers’ school was established at Devils Lake, and another at the Wichita Agency. More extended and systematic work in this line was under- taken, however, with the establishment of the larger boarding schools, beginning with Carlisle, which was opened in 1879. T his class of instruction in Indian schools apparently originated, not so much out of any well-planned educational theories, as from the necessities of the situation. Circumstances compelled those in charge of Indian schools to utilize the labor of the boys on the school farm, in the construction and repair of school and agency buildings, in the building of roads and the making of sidewalks, in the feeding of live stock, and the care of the dairy; and the labor of the girls, in the kitchen, in the dining room, and in the laundry. T he industrial training offered in Indian boarding schools, supple- mented by the outing courses in Carlisle and some of the larger Indian schools, where pupils receive vocational training in the best °f homes, constitutes as nearly the ideal in education as can be achieved. Indeed, Indian schools to-day, because of the practical 'ndustrial training offered by them, are at least twenty-five years in advance of the public schools of the country, and are types of what I believe the public schools of the future will be. If the Government for so many years has been on the right track Vvith reference to agricultural training on reservations, and if its Schools have been performing so well their function in the scheme °f agricultural and industrial education, why are not a larger number °f adult male Indians successful farmers? Why so many thousands °f uncultivated acres on the Indian reservations of the country? In the first place, considering the period during which Indians have been subject to civilizing influences, they have made a remark- able showing in agriculture. There are good reasons why they are not farther advanced along these lines at the present time, and the strongest of these reasons is not to be found in defective Govern- ment policy, nor in the failure of the Indian schools as a whole to do316	The Red Man by Red Men their part. The chief explanation is to be found in the physical and economic environment of the reservations. Twenty-five years ago most of them were too remote from the railroads and the markets to make it profitable to raise surplus grain and live stock. A gar- den and small field to raise produce sufficient for family consump- tion was all that was required. White men living under similar con- ditions would have had no incentive to become large farmers. More recently the railroad has come, accompanied by a flood of white settlers and land buyers, and the Indian naturally has been unprepared to meet the new situation. Where the reservation lands were adapted to agriculture, an easy means to live has been offered to the Indian, either through the sale or lease of his land. In far too many instances he has accepted the easy way and neglect- ed to improve and till his land with his own efforts, reaping the larger reward that would come therefrom. Not being trained to find pleasure in counting dollars, he has not viewed the situation nor taken advantage of his opportunities, as white men with highly developed commercial instinct under similar circumstances would have done. Where the lands were arid or timbered, requiring irri- gation or clearing to make them productive, he has lacked not only the experience and training, but generally the cash and equipment necessary to convert them into producing farms. Where the lands have been unsurveyed and unallotted, the Indian could not convert a portion of them into cash to make improvements, and establish on the remainder a permanent home, without which there would be little incentive to labor; and having his property restricted by Government control, he has lacked the means of credit available to the white man living under similar conditions. The most important job ahead of the Indian Office to-day is, first, to make available to the Indian enough of his land-wealth, converted into working capital in the form of cash, livestock, and agricultural equipment, to make self-help and self-support possible; and then, to help the Indian landlord, in an environment which offers him an easy living from leasing or selling his land, to see the advantage of tilling his land with his own hands; the necessity, if he is to live the white man's life and educate his children in the white man’s school, of making for himself on his land, a home in every way equal to the average white man’s home. To meet this situation, definite steps are being taken by the Indian Office to organize and make more effective the work of itsThe Red Man by Red Men	317 fanners and industrial teachers. Expert-farmer examinations have been held, the first, on March 30, 1910, for the purpose of inducing a body of trained and practical men to enter the service, and to stimulate the men now in the service to better efforts by holdieg out before them the inducement of promotion. Fifty farmers secured through these examinations are now in the field. In order to make more effective the farmers’ efforts, three bul- letins have been sent out during the last three years, oneencourag- lng the Indian fair as a means of stimulating the spirit of competi- tion among individual Indians; another, urging superintendents and farmers to utilize agency and school gardens and farms in such a way as to bring the largest production for the use of the school; to produce, where necessary, pure seed for the use of Indians on their allotments, and to give proper training in agriculture to Indian boys where the land happened to be connected with an Indian boarding school. Another carried to the superintendents and farmers in the service a careful outline from various superintendents of the meth- °ds used by them to induce Indians to go upon and improve their allotments, and the plans found effective by them in creating an in- terest in agriculture on the part of the Indians. These bulletins have had a far-reaching influence. Indian fairs have increased from three to twenty since the fair bulletin was issued, and without a sin- gle exception the superintendents report an increased interest in agriculture, as a result of these fairs. From practically every school and reservation in the Service come responses from farmers and Superintendents which indicate renewed effort on the part of all in making the school or agency farm a matter of real profit and bene- fit to the Indians. Government farmers, many of whom were for- merly employing their time in unsystematic work, are now devoting all their energies to helping Indians by means of house to house visits to equip, stock, and successfully farm their allotments. In some parts of the country Indian agricultural associations are being formed, bulletins and other valuable literature from the Department of Agriculture and farm papers are being read, and the Indians are taking places alongside their white neighbors as progressive farmers. Indeed, the most hopeful sign in Indian affairs to-day is the agricultural awakening that is going forward among the Indians themselves. For, until the Indians themselves arise to a full real- ization of their powers, their responsibilities, their opportunities and their duties as land-owning citizens, supporting themselves and318 The Red Man by Red Men their families in fairly decent, sanitary homes, as citizens of the States wherein they live, the Government will have to continue its jurisdiction over their schools, their health, and their property, and the Indians will not be able to enjoy that degree of independence to which they are entitled. While the future is full of difficulties and hard work for those engaged in Indian affairs, it is a future full of hope—a hope inspired by a remarkable record of progressive industrial achievement for and by the Indians of the country.The Fool Soldiers; A Tale of the Sioux: Ify Thomas J. King, Jr.* MONG the Sioux of the Cheyenne River Reserva- tion, I have found some most lovable characters, principally among the oldest full bloods, many of whom I have learned to regard very highly. Of these affable old folks, in whose welfare and future J am most keenly interested, there was one old couple of whom I was particularly fond. The quiet, kind manner- •siiis of Strikes Fire and Drags Iron, his wife, strongly appealed to me. Strikes Fire’s death, which occurred a few months more than a year ago, left a large vacancy at the agency for some time, as I had undertaken for him, but a short time before, a mission which promised to bring to the old man the one thing he most desired. His death ended my mission, but I feel its object might well be recorded in The Red Man as a tribute to a grand old man, and that those who read may realize how untrue is the statement attributed to an able general that “There is no good Indian but a dead one.” But few words are necessary to bring to the reader’s mind the horrible Minnesota massacre. At a time when the military forces "ere absent during the great struggle of the Rebellion, the hostile Santee, and other eastern Sioux, arose in power and committed horrible depredations. A party of Santee had done much pillag- ing, captured a number of white prisoners and made straight way for the Missouri River, a distance of several hundred miles. Even- tually, they reached the east bank of the Missouri, not far distant from the mouth of Grand River, where they camped, the long, forced march having wearied their ponies and afforded but little opportu- nity to replenish their provisions. Shortly after their arrival, a squaw man, whose name Strikes Fire did not remember, but who was known among the Indians as “Duck," learned of their presence with the prisoners. Knowing of the camp of friendly Tetons near the mouth of Bad River, at a *Mr. King it Superintendent of the Cheyenne Rivet Indian Agency. The Indimi under hit jurisdiction are the ft lack feet, Miniconjou, Sans Arct'and Two Kettle Sioux.320 The Red Man by Red Men point not far distant from the old fort (no doubt the old stockade at Fort Pierre), he set out in a boat to advise the Tetons of the pres- ence of their ancient enemy with white captives. On receipt of the news from “Duck,” some of the younger men favored a rescue party. A council was held, but the rescue idea met with little support. The entire camp was friendly towards the whites and wished to assist the captives of the Santees, but at best they could muster only a small force, while it was known the Santees were on the warpath in large numbers. The younger men however, would not lose their determination, and on the afternoon of the same day the news was received, a rescue party headed north- ward. There were twelve determined men—a small party, indeed, to send against a powerful and angry people. From the apparently hopeless nature of their self-set task they acquired the title of “Fool Soldiers." The rescue party consisted of Charger, Strikes Fire, Crazy Bear, Charges the Dog, Waktegli, Four Bears, Swift Bird, Sitting Bear, Foolish, Pretty Bear, Black Tomahawk, and Red Dog. They started out afoot and had with them eight pack horses loaded with bedding and provisions for the trip, but just as they had started, Black Tomahawk brought up an extra horse, making nine in all. Considering the nomadic tendencies of the Indians and thetr familiarity with the country through which they traveled, it is not in the least astonishing that Strikes Fire should not have recalled many incidents of the trip. No doubt, but little attention was given to the trip except as to its purpose. He did recall quite vividly that the trip occupied four sleeps and that during the forenoon of the day following the fourth sleep, or while the sun was yet rising, to use his description, they came upon the camp of the hostile San- tee. Further than this he recalled only that on the day following the second sleep they met some straggling Santees; that on the day following the third sleep they met an Indian named Rattling Hail to whom they gave food and that they camped for their fourth sleep on Swan Creek near to a band of Hunkpapas. Through others than Strikes Fire I had heard of the story of the “Fool Soldiers,” but only in a general way as to what they had accomplished. Naturally, I expected the old man to relate a thrill- ing story of a short, decisive battle fraught with many acts of bravery and culminating in the daring rescue of the prisoners. Very soon I learned that the wisdom and diplomacy of the Indians selected aThe Red Man by Red Men	321 'v*ser and safer course. Even old Strikes Fire’s face beamed with good humor as some of my questions, at this point of his story, in- dicated my anticipation of a battle story. Shortly after their arrival, the “Fool Soldier” band sent to the individual Santees into whose hands the prisoners had fallen, an ■nvitation to a feast. This was particularly pleasing to the Santees for the Tetons found them in rather desperate straits for food and practically afoot as their ponies had about reached their limit. The •east seemed to have had its effect, and at an opportune time, while the Santees were yet in high spirits, Waktegli, of the Two Kettle Hand, informed them of the wish of the “Fool Soldiers” for a council about the prisoners. He advised them, in words which Were kind but not without meaning, that the Tetons expected right treatment. To this speech the Santees gave the Indian expression or approval. The council was held shortly after the feast. There was much bargaining and speechmaking, but only a single intimation of re- sistance. The latter came when a young Santee chief thought to retain his prisoner against any odds, but the wise counsel of his elders soon calmed his stormy heart. After much counciling, an agreement was finally reached whereby the prisoners would be ex- changed, each for a horse. The deliberations of the council being ended, the Indians passed to a large tent into which the prisoners were brought one by one. As each prisoner was brought in a horse was given in exchange. 1 here were eight prisoners—two woman, five girls and one boy— for whom eight horses were given in exchange; thus the rescue party Was left with but a single horse—the extra one which Black Toma- hawk brought up at the start of the expedition. The start for the return journey was made during the late after- noon of the same day. The stop for the night was at the H unkpapa camp where they had slept the night before. Because of the youth and feebleness of some of the prisoners, a travois was rigged to Black Tomahawk’s horse before leaving the Santee camp. On this the smaller children rode; the woman and larger children walked with the Indians. While at the Hunkpapa camp, the rescue party discovered an old rig for which they traded, that they might better care for their prisoners on the long return trip. During the remainder of the trip the old rig served as a means of transporting the smaller children322	The Red Man by Red Men and a refuge for the women and larger children when wearied by the forced march to safety. The rescue party held a council at the Hunkpapa camp and decided that one of their number should start ahead early the next morning to carry the news of the rescue and have the people pre- pared for the home-coming. For this mission, Strikes Fire was chosen because of his fleetness on foot. Therefore, by his separa- tion from the rest of the party, there are even fewer incidents to record of the home journey. Strikes Fire started out afoot early on the morning of the second day of the return and reached camp the same day as the sun was setting, having run the greater part of the way. The rescue party with the prisoners, returned the second day after his arrival. The prisoners were turned over to the members of the white settlement and, in this way, happily united with those of their own race through the brave and decidedly friendly act of a little band of brave men. What of my mission? This adventure was one of the bright- est spots of Strikes Fire’s life. He had always been friendly to the whites but was especially proud of this particular act of friendliness. He was not mercenary in his wishes. He did desire, however, that the Government recognize the act, and his one great desire was a medal to testify to the appreciation of the Government. During the fall of 1919, I endeavored to have something done for him and success seemed to point his way, but the matter was brought to a termination by his sudden death, shortly afterwards. To-day he rests in an unmarked grave, just as he had lived—an honorable but unnoted life. The “course of human events' has closed the story of Strikes Fire and the “Fool Soldiers.” ----<!> Rl«, looking	c"™ I»'EW*2|0m^LF:“A,“* .............VIEW OK THE I’MO NIX SANATORIUM FOR INDIANS The Government is now giving much attention to the health of the Indian* and It fighting ruheuulnsit Much remains to br done anil more funds are needed for the work. Good results are obtained at the nanatorium schools located at Fort Lapwai. Idaho. Phoenix. Arizona, and Laguna, N. M.Coleraine: By Laura S. Walker. FEW years after the Revolutionary War a town sprang up in Camden County that soon became an important place in that part of Georgia. It had once been an Indian village and was called “Cold Rain” for an Indian chief who lived there. After the white settlers purchased the lands from the State they changed the name to Coleraine. This town is situated forty-five miles above St. Marys on the St. Marys River and like most of the old towns of Georgia has a river front. Sailing vessels whose success- ful navigation depended on wind and tide came up the river twice a week to convey to St. Marys (at that time one of the most im- portant towns in Georgia) the immense quantities of export. These exports consisted of cotton, wool, hides, beeswax and tallow which were shipped to the northern markets. A great part of the land around Coleraine was owned by the Indians, the first socialists of America. Each year found their public granary full of fine produce. Their hunting grounds ex- tended deep into the forest of the Okeefenoke Swamp that was only a few miles away. This section abounds in wild turkeys, and the rippling waters of the Suwanee and St. Marys rivers furnished fish of all kinds. Deer, bears, panthers, and wild cats roved at will in these beautiful woods of Southern Georgia. Years of Indian history are imbedded in the lands around Coleraine. Historic events of a time when our State was primeval and the hills and valleys echoed the voices of the red men, remain untold. This part of Georgia was occupied by numerous tribes of restless and warlike savages and some hostile to the whites. At times they became belligerant and terror reigned in this frontier settlement. Various attempts were made to restore peace and good will, but every treaty was broken soon after it was concluded. Fort Pickering was built by the authorities of the United States Govern- ment at the old town of Coleraine, “which frequently became the permanent abode of the women and children”, while the men toiled *Sut« HiatorUu of Qtorgia: Daughitra of th« American Revolution.328	The Red Man by Red Men in the fields or forest with the trusty rifle always in easy reach. The “treaty of peace and friendship” made at Coleraine on the 29th day of June, 1796, was the abrupt termination of McGillivray’s treaty with Spain. Had the treaty at Coleraine not been made the United States would soon have been involved in serious complications with Spain. This important treaty was signed by the President of the United States, Andrew Jackson, and kings and chiefs and warriors of the Creek Nation of Indians, and ratified March 18th, 1797. The commissioners on the part of the United States were Ben- jamin Hawkins, George Clymer, and Andrew Pickens. The superintendent received instructions from the commis- sioners to make the necessary arrangements for the reception of the Indians. On the 16th of June all the kings, head men and warriors to the number of four hundred, marching under the flag of the United States, came to the commissioners, attended by the officers of the garrison. They danced the eagle tail dance from their camp and the four dancers at the head of the chiefs waved six times the eagle tail over the heads of the commissioners. Six of the princi- pal kings and head men came up and took the commissioners by the hand. They then handed their pipes to the commissioners and held them and the fire which they brought in their hands from the camp. The commissioners lit them and smoked. There was a short interval between each dance and wave of the eagle tail and the same interval in the shake of the hands and the lighting of the pipe. After these ceremonies, the commissioners made a short ad- dress which concluded thus: “You will all take a drink with us and smoke the pipe of friendship; our warriors will now welcome you here in their way.” A salute of sixteen guns was given, and then six chiefs were conducted to their apartments and they and their followers were entertained. On the 17th the commissioners met the representation of the whole Creek Nation present, the three commissioners of Georgia, twenty-two kings, seventy-five principal chiefs, one hundred and fifty-two warriors, and other officers of the garrison. The business was conducted until the 29th of June when the treaty was completed and signed. Gen. James Jackson, on the part of Georgia, made a long speech in which he pointed out the faithless observance of their treaties with his State by the Creeks, and exhibited two sched- ules of the property which they had stolen, amounting to the value of one hundred and ten thousand dollars, which he demanded to beThe Red Man by Red Men	329 restored. The Indians listened with profound attention, and when he had concluded, they adjourned—the Big Warrior facetiously re- marking, “I can fill up more paper than Jackson has done with a list °f similar outrages of the Georgians upon my people.” To commemorate the signing of this treaty, the Lyman Hall Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution will place a handsome boulder at Coleraine landing, June 29, 1912. This cele- bration will be of note to the Georgia people. The silence that has existed so long in this deserted town is soon to be broken by the march of progress and modern develop- ment which is now at hand in Southern Georgia. Coleraine covers 10,000 acres of land, and was sold August, 1910, to the Lewis Manu- facturing Company, of Waycross. It is the purpose of the present owners to rebuild the town of Coleraine. The Silver Lining '’J'HE inner side of every cloud Is bright and shining, And so I turn my clouds about And always wear them inside out, To show the lining. —Selected.Indians as Money Makers and Students at Carlisle: From New York Evening Sun. THE past school year over one thousand students have been enrolled in the Carlisle Indian School at Carlisle, Pa., and of this number over one- half are now working as “outing” students on farms, in households and in shops and manufacturing establishments approved by the school authorities. Should these outing students earn as much this year as they did last year they will have over $25, 000 to their credit in the school bank. At the school itself the Indian boys and girls by their work and study in the various shops and industries performed labor valued at $65,000 and more, the finished products aggregating $100,000. By reason of their earning power the young Indians produce nearly a dollar in return for every dollar appropriated for their school by the United States Government. The cost of each student last year was on an average of $170. So successful have the methods of the Carlisle Indian School been that schools in various parts of the world are applying them in whole or in part. As an instance, the Bolivian Government will establish a school for the Incas modelled on Carlisle. The Indian students of Carlisle at the present time are represented at the industrial exposition in Turin, Italy, by an extensive exhibit. I* comprises work from all the departments. The Carlisle Indian School was the first non-reservation school for Indians, beginning actual work in October, 1879 with eighty- two Sioux and forty-seven boys and girls from the Kiowa, Cheyenne and Pawnee tribes as the raw material. At the head of the insti- tution is a superintendent, now M. Friedman, who is under Robert G. Valentine, Commissioner of Indian Affairs in the Department of the Interior. The applicants for admission to Carlisle must be at least one-fourth Indian and from 14 to 20 years old. A physician’s certificate must accompany every application, and special care is taken that no Indian boy or girl afflicted with tuberculosis, the dread enemy of the Indian race, be admitted to Carlisle.The Red Man by Red Men 331 In the classrooms the young Indians study and recite with such mottoes on the walls: “Blessed is he who has found his trade and gets busy,” “Try the pleasant way in your work to-day,” and “Do not spit on the floor; to do so may spread disease.” The students have their regular text book study, just as in any school, in addition to their industrial training. This includes carpentry, blacksmithing, carriage and wagon making, painting, plumbing and steam fitting, tailoring, harness making, shoemaking, plastering, bricklaying, masonry, tinsmithing, printing, photography, domestic science, housekeeping, sewing, horticulture, cattle and poultry raising and dairying. There are also courses in business training, music, physi- cal culture, nursing, Indian art and telegraphy. Telegraphy Among Indian Students. The course in telegraphy was added to the curriculum at Car- lisle last year, for it has been found that Indians are peculiarly fitted by nature to become excellent telegraph operators. Their keen sense of hearing and highly-trained sense of touch are their main qualifi- cations. Most of the student telegraphers have a liking for the work, and the superintendent of a railroad in Pennsylvania, after having experimented with several graduates of Carlisle’s telegraph department, thinks Indian operators especially desirable because of their repose and lack of nervousness under the strain of work. In the West there is a great demand for Indian telegraphers, since railroads find it difficult to keep white men at some of the isolated stations in the deserts and mountainous regions. A life that the white man finds lonely the Indian seems to have no objection to. Encouraging Native Indian Art and Folklore. The Department of Native Indian Arts is the most distinctively Indian of Carlisle’s institutions. Those in charge of the depart- ment are aiming to make out of a crude and primitive art something that will be of vital interest in art development and susceptible of useful application to the decorative arts of this country. Already the creations of students in the department have attracted attention, especially from artists. The rugs and blankets woven by students from designs made by themselves have met with a ready sale, and the crafts department has undertaken to sell Pueblo pottery, bas- kets, Navajo art-squares, looms and blankets for the old Indians. Beadwork and metal-work are being developed. Silversmithing received an impetus last year by the arrival of a number of Navajo332 The Red Man by Red Men boys at Carlisle. Of some of their work the Arrow had the fol- lowing to say: “The silversmiths have finished some very pretty bracelets and candlesticks. The designs on the bracelets are en- tirely original, and they show excellent taste as well as decided talent for designing. The candlesticks would ornament any mantel.” At the head of the Department of Native Indian Art is a full- blooded Winnebago, Angel De Cora, whose own efforts secured her an education in various art schools of this country. Of Indian art she says: “Although at times I yearn to express myself in land- scape art, I feel that designing is the best channel in which to convey the native qualities of the Indian’s decorative talent. There is no doubt that the young Indian has a talent for pictorial art, and the Indian’s artistic conception is well worth recognition, and the school- trained Indian of Carlisle is developing it into possible use that it may become his contribution to American art.” Special attention is being paid at Carlisle to the study of Indian folklore and the manners and customs of various tribes. The students are being encouraged to put into writing the historical and mythological information that has been imparted to them by the older members of their tribe, and the very best of them are being published in the twoschool papers, the Arrow and the Red Man. The “Outing” System. All students at Carlisle are expected to spend at least one year under the “outing” system, which brings them into close personal contact with white persons in their homes and enables them to secure practical training in their chosen line of work. Special care is taken in placing both the boys and girls in desirable surroundings. An applicant for a student—and there were eight hundred more applicants than available students this year—must furnish references and give full information about the other members of the household, whether any use tobacco or liquor, what religious services are at- tended, the privileges the boy or girl is to have, the nature of the work and remuneration proposed. The “outing” student also has to fulfil certain conditions, as given in the following pledge for a boy or girl going on a farm: “I want to go out into the country. If you will send me I promise to obey my employer, to keep all the rules of the school. I will at- tend Sunday school and church regularly. I will not absent myself from my farm home without permission of my employer, and willThe Red Man by Red Men 333 not loaf about stores or elsewhere evenings or Sundays. I will not make a practice of staying for meals when I visit my friends. I will not use tobacco or liquor in any form. I will not play cards nor gamble, and will save as much money as possible. If out for the winter, I will attend school regularly and will do my best to advance myself in my studies. I will bathe regularly, write my home letter every month, and do all that I can to please my em- ployer, improve myself and make the best use of the chance given me.” The “outers” are visited twice a year by representives of Carlisle. Half of their wages are kept by the Carlisle authorities and given to the student when he finally quits the institution. One-fourth they may have to spend as their wages fall due, and the other fourth is saved for spending after their return to Carlisle. Both the employer and the Indian student have to send monthly reports to the Carlisle authorities. Carlisle’s weekly paper, the Arrow, from time to time chronicles the doings of the “outers.” Following are some samples: “Harrison Smith has returned from the country looking prosper- ous and well-fed.” “James Welch, who is working out on a poultry farm, has been given full charge of the entire flock, and we hope he will show his employer that he is capable of holding his job." “The quacking of Joseph Anamikwan, the small boys’ ‘duck,’ will be missed very much since he has gone out into the country for the spring and summer.” “Eunice Bartlett, who lives near Harrisburg, came in to spend the Christmas holidays. Some one asked her how she liked the school she is attending. She replied, ‘I like it fine, and the children don’t call me Indian, either.’ ” Play as Well as Work at Carlisle. But not everything at Carlisle is work. The students have time for the amusements that they enjoy—sports, music, literary societies, picnics, spreads, etc. The Indians have two bands, a man- dolin club and a glee club, for they seem to enjoy music almost as much as eating, which always furnishes untold pleasure at any gather- ing where refreshments are served. At the end of two school years some of the Indian boys and girls at Carlisle have presented an opera called “The Captain334 The Red Man by Red Men of Plymouth,” with several “heavy” solo parts and choruses com- posed of soldiers,sailors, Indian men, squaws and Puritan men and maidens. A “white” musical critic had the following to say about one presentation: “There really wasn’t much of an amateurish air about the per- formance at any stage of it, and the participants showed unusual talent and ability, especially those in special parts. Montreville Yuda as Miles Standish was very comical and proved himself a star. Carlysle Greenbrier, as Priscilla, performed well her part. She has a sweet soprano voice, not of great volume, but offgood quality. “The audience appeared to be well pleased with the work of Emma Esanetuck as Katonka, the Indian Princess, and with that of John White as Elder Brewster, howbeit judging from the very loud and prolonged applause, everybody’s work was appreciated. The Indians’ war dance around Capt. Standish and his friend Eras- mus (Lewis Runnels) was very realistic—very.” Football at Carlisle. Although Carlisle has her track, lacrosse and basketball teams and a baseball team until the game was abolished last year because too many of the players were attracted to professional teams, it is the football team that has made the name Carlisle known through- out the country. Every year thousands see the Indians play, seem- ingly because they are Indians, but at the same time Carlisle’s foot- ball teams are the most remarkable developed in this country. From a small school without powerful alumni the Indian football players go out to battle on the gridiron before hostile crowds. Only once a year is the team supported by the students of the school. That is at the annual game with the University of Penn- sylvania, when the entire student body is taken to Philadelphia to inspire the team for one game in the season with cheers and songs, as Harvard, Yale and Princeton are supported every time they play. Hearing the Carlisle yell, “Minnewa Ka, Kah Wah We! Minnewa Ka, Kah Wah We! Minnewa Ka, Kak Wah We! Carlisle! Carlisle! Carlisle!” may have something to do with the fact that the Indians have made their best record against Pennsylvania, which they have met on the gridrion every year since 1895. The first time Carlisle won from Pennsylvania was in 1899, when the Indians made 16 points asagainstthe Quakers'5. Thatsame year Carlisle overwhelmed the Columbia University team by a scoreThe Red Man by Red Men 335 of 45 to 0, just after Columbia had defeated Yale. In this game Coach Warner of the Indians first put to use the method of having the halfbacks crouch close to the ground before snapping the ball. Soon every college in the country adopted the system, and the old, slow, stooping position became a thing of the past. From 1896 to 1908 Carlisle played Harvard continuously, but the Indians succeeded in winning only once, in 1907, by a score of 23 to 15, although many of the contests were close. Perhaps the story most often told at Carlisle in connection with the Harvard games is the famous run that Charles Dillon in 1903 made the length of the field in the Harvard stadium with the ball tucked under his jersey. Football was first played at Carlisle in 1891 and 1892, when schedules were arranged between classes. It was seen that the Indians with competent instruction would make worthy rivals for any college team in the country. Early in the season of 1893 the first team representing the Carlisle Indian School met Dickinson College. In this game the leg of an Indian player was broken, and the school authorities immediately ordered all games cancelled. Two years later the Indians played their first games away from the school. Perhaps the most famous player that Carlisle produced during the first five years of football at the school was Metoxen, whom many football experts consider the most expert drop kicker de- veloped by the game in America. All the year round Metoxen was accustomed to practice drop kicking—in the gymnasium in winter time and out doors at every opportunity. Now he is a farmer, living on the Oneida reservation in Wisconsin. After leaving Car- lisle, Metoxen married one of the Indian girls who had attended school while he was there, as have so many of the famous Indian athletes. The greatest ends who ever played for Carlisle were Exendine and Rogers. On both defensive and offensive Exendine was re- markably fast. After leaving Carlisle he attended Dickinson College, and later became football coach at Otterbein University. Edward Rogers, a Chippewa Indian, was captain of the team in 1900. In 1904 he was graduated from the law department of the University’ of Minnesota, having worked his way through the university. He was captain of the Minnesota team the last of the three years that he played football there. While practicing law at Mahnomen, Minn., he was appointed judge of the Probate Court.336 The Red Man by Red Men The greatest quarterback of any Carlisle eleven was Johnson, who one year was selected for the All-American team. He possessed remarkable qualities in passing the ball, catching punts, moving in a broken field and playing on the defensive. This Stockbridge Indi- an married a Carlisle girl and has a home in San Juan, Porto Rico, where he did a $4,000 business last year as practising dentist, “with profit to himself and relief to the natives.” The largest and strongest man who was ever a member of a Carlisle team was the Seneca Indian Bemus Pierce. He captained the team in 1896 and later was one of Carlisle’s coaches. In recent years he has been living on his farm at I rving, in this State, but spend- ing several months in the fall coaching a college team. The team of 1907 was probably Carlisle’s most wonderful eleven, for every position was filled by a remarkable player. This eleven defeated Harvard by a score of 23 to 15 and Pennsylvania, 26 to 6. The linemen were Exendine and Gardner, ends; Wauseka and Lubo, tackles; Aiken and Afraid-of-a-Bear, guards, and Little Boy, center. The backfield was an invincible combination, composed of Payne and Hendricks, halfbacks, and Hauser, fullback. Mt. Pleasant, at quarter, was noted for his punting, drop kicking, catching of punts and defensive playing. This team will go down in football history as having shown to the public, football coaches and other teams the possiblities of the reformed game. Religous Life A mong the Students. Absolute religious freedom is allowed the students at Carlisle, but each student must affiliate with some church. The Roman Catholic church in the town of Carlisle arranges for the religious instruction of the Indian boys and girls who attend its services. Boys of Protestant belief either attend Sunday school in the town's churches or with the girls in the school’s auditorium. Weekly meet- ings are held at the school by the pastors of the Methodist, Episco- pal and Presbyterian churches. The school also has Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. organizations, and their leaders impress upon the students the opportunities for them in view of the fact that there are 11,000 pagan Indians in the State of California alone. The nature of the meetings is not exactly that implied by a typographical error in the Arrow, which mis- placed the “a” and “c” in “sacred:’’ “Harry Wheeler sang a scared song of his tribe in his native tongue at the Y. M. C. A. meeting last Sunday evening.”The Red Man by Red Men 337 Names of Carlisle Students. Especially amusing to Americans are the names of some of the students at Carlisle. Many are enrolled with the very names that their parents gave them in accordance with tribal customs. In the horse line there are Clara Spottedhorse, Jesse Horse Eye and Guy Plenty Horse. The “bears" are especially common. Among them are Joe Loud Bear, Hugh Weasel Bear, Stella Bear and Black- bear. Among other animal names are Lucy Prettyweasel, Rufus Youngdeer, Elsie Rabbit and Katie Wolf. The names of two Car- lisle students whose marriage occurred last year were Wiliam White Bear and Jennie Two Elk. A Miss Ironshield also became the wife of John Elkface. Names of a feather are Spring Chicken, John Feather, Morgan Crowsghost, William Owl and Julia Whitefeather. The parents of Sundown, David Redthunder and Charley Low Cloud may have been of a nature-loving disposition. One of the most prominent students at Carlisle is James Mumblehead, who has shown no indi- cation that he was suitably named. Bruce Goesback and John Runs- close have always found that they can walk along all right with each other. Other interesting names are Twohearts, Johnny John, St. Elmo Jim, Alpheus Chrisjohn, Rena Red Eye, Yankeejoe, Selina Twoguns, Pawnee Leggings and Willie Cornstalk. Some of the students have adopted “white” names to replace their Indian ones. For instance, a Hoopa Indian who was par- ticularly fond of acting became Raymond Hitchcock. Another boasts the name of Joseph Cannon. One Indian boy became Will Shakespear, picking out the spelling that he preferred. A few re- tain pure Indian names: for example, Tewanima, Ettawageshik and Shasbowobosh. Because one of two brothers chose to retain his Indian name, Wauseka, and the other bestowed the English surname Hauser upon himself, the many who saw the Cheyenne brothers play football and read of their superb tackling little realized that they were related. Ninety Indian Tribes Represented at Carlisle. By bringing together at Carlisle the most promising boys and girls of ninety Indian tribes, the United States Government is at- tempting in part to nationalize America’s primitive people. Al- though many of the tribes are hostile to each other because of tra-338 The Red Man by Red Men ditional troubles or long-standing difficulties, the younger members at Carlisle seldom show any animosity toward each other. They are taught to look beyond their reservations and tribal traditions and to form lasting friendships. These teachings have often exceeded the expectations of teachers, for a comparatively large number of marriages occur among the graduates. The largest number of students from any one tribe last year was 111 Senecas, sixty-nine boys and forty-two girls, while the Sioux took second place with sixty-seven boys and twenty-nine girls. One Porto Rican and two Filipinos attended the school last year. From Alaska there were nine Indians, six of them girls. Emma Esanetuck, one of these Alaskan girls was at Carlisle eleven years before she re- turned to her home at Point Barrow, said to be the northernmost town in Alaska. Last spring nine Sioux chieftains who were in Washington seek- ing the settlement of land questions went to Carlisle to see the Sioux students. All of the chiefs wore citizen's clothes but several bore such names as Killed Spotted Horse, High Eagle, White Swan and Bull Bear. The girls and boys of any one tribe are always glad to welcome any new arrivals from the home reservation, partly because of tribal feeling and partly on account of messages from their home people. Among the ninety tribes represented are the Mohawks, Tuscaroras, Seminoles, Tonawandas, Paiutes, Nooksaks, Miamis, Comanches, Creeks, Crows, and Arapahoes. What Carlisle Graduates A re Doing. Of the 514 living graduates of the Carlisle Indian School only five are considered failures by the authorities of the school, who have attempted to keep in close touch with the graduates, all of whom are most loyal to their alma mater. Three hundred are successfully engaged in vocational activities away from the reserva- tion, for they have not been content to remain wards of the Govern- ment. In the United States Indian service are sixty graduates employed as clerks, teachers, disciplinarians, scouts and interpreters. Of the 142 female graduates who are married not one has “failure” written after her name in Carlisle records. More than 4,000 Indian boys and girls have attended Carlisle ong enough to complete partial terms. Investigations in regard to 3,000 of them have shown that about 94 per cent are successfully earning their living, and for this Carlisle takes a part of the credit.The Red Man by Red Men 339 For instance, Raymond Buffalo Meat, a Cheyenne Indian and form- er student, writes from Omega, Okla., that he owns his own home and also a barn. “I have been trying to do what is right, and am a member of the First Cheyenne Baptist Church, where I am clerk and my father a deacon. Sometimes I interpret for the mission- ary. I will also inform you of my work. I have fifty acres of corn; it is pretty good; and ten acres of cotton; it is also good.” Elsie Valley, who is a laundress at Washunga, Okla., says: “I am certainly thankful for what Carlisle has done for me; it certain- ly has taught me how to earn my clothes and bread and butter.” The Arrow holds up, as industrious boys, one who receives a repu- tation as a farmer because he captured the first prize at a county fair for cabbages, and another former student who earned over $130 in one month by car building, although only a short time out of the Carlisle carpenter shops. Another former student, Stephen Glori, 18 earning $29 a week in the mechanical department of a New York newspaper. Recently the success of Mrs. G. W. Pease, a former Carlisle student, in running a large ranch and caring for a fami- ly, has attracted a great deal of attention. James B. Halftown, who attended Carlisle last year, recently wrote from his home in Tunesassa, N. Y., “I long to be at Carlisle with my old teammates at Lacrosse. I had bad luck this winter. Father and mother died, both inside of thirty days, and I have four little children to take care of. My grandmother stays with us to do the cooking, and I have to work. I am doing the best I can for them.”The Legend of the Tacquish. Agnes V. Waite, Serrano. S-j^RROWHEAD SPRINGS is the name given to a re- tfljk	sort in the mountains just north of San Bernardino, Hkm /t7~A\ *n Southern California. It is named “Arrowhead" because of a peculiar rock formation on the moun- NwLg&J J tain-side which when seen at a distance has the ap- pearance of an arrowhead, the point of the arrow being downward and in the direction of these springs. The springs contain sluphur water, and many people visit the resort for the purpose of taking rheumatic and other cures. A legend among the Indians of that vicinity connects these springs with legends of the “Tacquish,” an evil spirit, which flies from this point to the San Jacinto mountain on the opposite side of the pass. Its time of flight is determined according to the behavior of the people living in the vicinity of these springs. The Tacquish is said to assume the form of a large ball of fire, and when it passes across the gorge on its course, the people over whose heads it pass- es must shriek or holler in order that they may retain their hearts, which the Tacquish is seeking to destroy. When children are naughty and disobedient, they are brought under subjugation by threats of the Tacquish, whom they learn to dread, just as the little white children do the bogies.(Ebttorta! Comment Teaching Indians To Be Provident HE American Indians are naturally a very extravagant and wasteful people. For years the tribes owned the land as far as the eye could see. They roamed over it at will, and were the exclusive possessors of the _ products of its forests and the contents of its mines. They had plenty of meat to eat, as there was an abundance of wild game which the white man had not yet destroyed. The skins served as a protection from the cold. They feared not for the morrow for there was plenty to eat from whence to-day they had re- ceived their supply. Their lands were held in common by the tribe,—a custom which still prevails among some of the more back- ward tribes. These conditions made for wastefulness in the individuals. Our paternalistic governmental methods did not help, but to a certain extent accentuated these conditions. See how wasteful the Indians are when they receive their annuities, and how many squander their funds when the capital is turned over to them. In some measure, and with the uneducated ones, this is natural; but with a large number their property is valued too lightly. Where goods and wealth are acquired without much labor, this condition is com- mon with the whites,—hence it is not so strange that we perceive >t with the Indians. We owe it to the young people in our schools to teach them economy. Extravagant habits will not be eradicted in a Government school, where everything is furnished, unless the students are taught to be provident. They will not learn this valuable and in- dispensable lesson if there is waste in the school. It can never be taught to them unless those who teach and lead are economical and frugal,—not only with what is their own, but more particularly with what belongs to and is supplied by the Government. There is too much waste in the Indian Service. Too little attention is paid to saving the scraps, the bi-product and the prop- erty. There is no need to enter into details. The executive342 The Red Man by Red Men officers of our Service know it. A private business establishment would founder on the rocks of financial ruin if every waste and un- necessary loss was not eradicated. Our educators are more and more realizing that there is too much waste in the public schools for whites. The idea has somehow been established that education concerns itself only with imparting knowledge and training and that business principles have no place in the school. This error is beginning to be corrected. It must be corrected in the Indian Service. The reason is not only the saving of money for the Government and the practice of economy of administration,—important though this may be. We owe it as a duty to the Indian boys and girls whom we wish to train to be frugal and thrifty, as well as industrious and good. It is a very important lesson for them to learn. Let us begin to teach it when they are young. We cannot teach it unless we ourselves practice the virtue daily. Running Down the Bootleggers HE Circuit Court of Appeals has recently rendered a de- cision in the case of Friedman vs. The United States Express Company, in which it held that the old Indian Territory is still Indian country and subject to the same laws for the suppression of the liquor traffic among Indians as reser- vations in other parts of the country. Promptly acting on the deci- sion, the Department of Justice has instructed the marshals of that section of the country to enforce the law and arrest the violators. This decision will mean much for the thousands of Indians who reside in that section and who, while nominally enjoying the rights and privileges of citizenship, stand in as great need of protection as the Indians of other tribes. The Red Man is informed that the department of the Indian Service for the suppression of the liquor traffic is planning to increase its force in that section of the country' as rapidly and as far as funds will permit. The chief special officer states that his men will assist the marshals to enforce the law as interpreted by the Court of Appeals. The Indian Bureau has recently brought action against several men in the District of Columbia for violating the law in selling liq-■*AGRICULTURAL PROGRESS AMONf. INDIANS Good work it helm don? In the* education of Indium on the reservation by the well located and efliciently-udininiitered day schools. The picture* above were ta<en of Day School No. 2*) an the Pine Ridite Reservation. South Dakota.AGRICULTURAL PROGRESS AMONG INDIANS L Exhibition *1 iheit Kail ol iiioduvU raited by Indian* oti the Fort Bertbold Reservation. (2) Home of R. V\ . Dlxvy, an Indian, on the Fort Hall Re*rtation. (3) Pendleton Strike Axe. full-blood Uiage. with 600 pouud* of cotton which b» raised.AGRICULTURAL PROGRESS AMONG INDIAN* The Apache Indian* of Arizona ate counted a* rood worker* by those who know them. <l) and (3) ihows Apache; working on the road to the Roofcve'.t Dam. (2) *bowi an Apache teanuter known at Fat Hen. l'he Indian* of the \Ve«t are in great demand by the large railroad* and industrial concern* because of their laithfulnru and industry.The Red Man by Red Men	347 u°r to Indians. This is a splendid move, as many Indians come to Washington each year for the transaction of tribal or private busi- ness before the Department of the Interior, and in the past it has not been very difficult for them to obtain whisky. It is very evident that the Indian Office is going forward in breaking up the iniquitous liquor traffic among its wards, and that >n the future the law will be enforced to the limit. It is also evi- dent that there is no ground for some of the lamentation about the Government ceasing to prosecute “bootleggers.” Indications Point to the fact that the Government is now more vigilant, if any- thing, than it has ever been before and that, as a result, whisky agents will find very little consolation or rest while engaged in the nefarious practice of getting Indians drunk. The Page Bill, Senate No. 3 HE Carlisle Indian School has always championed the greatest extension and highest development of indus- trial training for the Indian youth of America. When it was opened in 1879, the subject was in its infancy and had attracted very little attention. It was, too often, the ambition of fond parents among the whites to make doctors and lawyers of their sons, and they placed much emphasis on the instruction which their daughters received in Latin, the higher mathematics and music. It is far from the intention of the writer to decry the proper em- phasis on the so-called “cultural” studies. But there is hardly any danger in this day of America becoming over-practical. As a matter of fact, we have hardly become well started on the road toward the establishment of vocational training in our schools. There has necessarily been much of agitation and education of the public. The advocates of making public-school education more closely related to the life-needs of the schoolboy and girl have spent much energy and aroused much discussion in meeting the argu- ments of those who are in favor of the elimination of everything of a utilitarian character from the schools. The former have also been devising ways and means for the introduction of industrial training. But only a beginning has been made. When we examine the highly developed system of industrial training in Germany where, for years, the need for thorough educa-348	The Red Man by Red Men tion has been recognized, and the people have liberally supported it. we realize its importance. It will hardly be claimed that the Ger- mans lack in learning and culture, and the reason is easily found in the fact that they have the most comprehensive and most highly organized system of education to be found in any country. ln Munich the system of continuation schools and industrial and tech- nical training is admittedly well nigh ideal. Germany has profited by this and is going foward with great strides in her industrial de- velopment as a nation. In our own country the work has been retarded because of lack of funds in the States and municipalities for devotion to such pur- pose. United States Senator Carrol S. Page, of Vermont, who has made a deep study of the subject both as a legislator and practical business man, and knows of the need for national stimulus, has in- troduced a bill in the Senate known as Senate No. 3, and spoken of as the Vocational Educational Bill, which will, if passed, place this country in a position to do real work and accomplish definite results in education for the people. It provides for the appropri- ation of fifteen million dollars for the maintenance of instruction in the trades and industries, home economics and agriculture in the public schools of secondary grade, in college extension work, m State district agricultural high schools and in normal schools. Ger- many and other foreign countries found out long since that national aid was necessary to utilize this work. In many respects this is the most important legislation before Congress. It has been commended and advocated by every impor- tant educational association and by educators everywhere. Senator Page has taken hold of a measure of far-reaching importance which, because of intrinsic merit and the existence of a real need, should have universal support.Book Review INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION I ''HE United States Bureau of La- bor has rendered important aid in the promotion of a national interest in 'he subject of manual, industrial, and technical education in this country. The Bureau issued important and ex- haustive reports in 1892 and in 1902. « has just issued another report on the subject of Industrial Education, which, because of the accuracy and compre- hensiveness of its treatment of thesub- Ject, makes it a most important contri- bution for both educators and laymen. Attention is given to every phase of the subject, and the information about typical schools has been gathered with Kreat care. Commissioner Neill an- nounces that the purpose of the study "'as not to go into any theoretical dis- cussion of Industrial Education, but rather to bring together the compre- hensive data respecting the various sys- tems of industrial education in this country and to analyze and present the 'nformation in such a way as to be of the most use to those interested in furthering the development of this im- portant branch of education. The report contains more than 800 Pages of solid matter, which is full of •nterest. A chapter is devoted to In- dian schools, and this contains a full account of the work of the Carlisle School. Other subjects treated are Publ ic Industrial Schools, Philan- thropic Industrial Schools, Apprentice Schools, Cooperative Industrial Schools, Evening Industrial Schools, Girls’ Industrial Schools. Negro In- dustrial Schools, Teachers, Vocational Guidance, Attitude of Employers and Employees, etc. Every official in the Indian Service should have a copy because of its im- portant relation and suggestive value to the work of Indian civilization. It is a handy encyclopedia on the sub- ject of Industrial Education, and has the additional distinction of being down-to-date. AN INTERESTING PAMPHLET ON THE INDIAN THE American Indian and Mis- sions. published annually by the Presbyterian Board of Home Mis- sions, has just been received and is an interesting pamphlet. It features an article on “The Place and Destiny of the Indian in the Nation’s Life,” by General R. H. Pratt, the first Superin- tendent of Carlisle, and who was at its head for twenty-five years. There are other articles by missionaries and men who have been in the Indian country and worked with the red man. Photo- graphs of some of Carlisle’s graduates appear, including S. J. Nori, a full- blood Pueblo, who is now chief clerk of the school, and Rev. James G. Dick- son, a Nez Perce, who graduated from Carlisle some years ago. A fine view is shown of the modem home of Wm. White, of Walworth, Wisconsin, who was also educated 3t Carlisle.348 The Red Man by Red Men tion has been recognized, and the people have liberally supported it» we realize its importance. It will hardly be claimed that the Ger- mans lack in learning and culture, and the reason is easily found in the fact that they have the most comprehensive and most highly organized system of education to be found in any country. 111 Munich the system of continuation schools and industrial and tech- nical training is admittedly well nigh ideal. Germany has profited by this and is going foward with great strides in her industrial de- velopment as a nation. In our own country the work has been retarded because of lack of funds in the States and municipalities for devotion to such pur- pose. United States Senator Carrol S. Page, of Vermont, who has made a deep study of the subject both as a legislator and practical business man, and knows of the need for national stimulus, has in* troduced a bill in the Senate known as Senate No. 3, and spoken of as the Vocational Educational Bill, which will, if passed, place this country in a position to do real work and accomplish definite results in education for the people. It provides for the appropri- ation of fifteen million dollars for the maintenance of instruction in the trades and industries, home economics and agriculture in the public schools of secondary grade, in college extension work, in State district agricultural high schools and in normal schools. Ger- many and other foreign countries found out long since that national aid was necessary to utilize this work. In many respects this is the most important legislation before Congress. It has been commended and advocated by every impor- tant educational association and by educators everywhere. Senator Page has taken hold of a measure of far-reaching importance which, because of intrinsic merit and the existence of a real need, should have universal support.Book Review INDUSTRIAL education T ''HE United States Bureau of La- •*- bor has rendered important aid in the promotion of a national interest in 'he subject of manual, industrial, and technical education in this country. The Bureau issued important and ex- haustive reports in 1892 and in 1902. If has just issued another report on the subject of Industrial Education, which, because of the accuracy and compre- hensiveness of its treatment of the sub- ject. makes it a most important contri- bution for both educators and laymen. Attention is given to every phase of the subject, and the information about typical schools has been gathered with Rreat care. Commissioner Neill an- nounces that the purpose of the study was not to go into any theoretical dis- cussion of Industrial Education, but father to bring together the compre- hensive data respecting the various sys- tems of industrial education in this country and to analyze and present the '^formation in such a way as to be of the most use to those interested in furthering the development of this im- portant branch of education. The report contains more than 800 Pages of solid matter, which is full of •nterest. A chapter is devoted to In- dian schools, and this contains a full aceount of the work of the Carlisle School. Other subjects treated are Public Industrial Schools, Philan- thropic Industrial Schools, Apprentice Schools, Cooperative Industrial Schools. Evening Industrial Schools. Girls' Industrial Schools. Negro In- dustrial Schools, Teachers, Vocational Guidance, Attitude of Employers and Employees, etc. Every official in the Indian Service should have a copy because of its im- portant relation and suggestive value to the work of Indian civili/.ation. It is a handy encyclopedia on the sub- ject of Industrial Education, and has the additional distinction of being down-to-date. AN INTERESTING PAMPHLET ON THE INDIAN THE American Indian and Mis- sions, published annually by the Presbyterian Board of Home Mis- sions, has just been received and is an interesting pamphlet. It features an article on ‘The Place and Destiny of the Indian in the Nation's Life,” by General R. H. Pratt, the first Superin- tendent of Carlisle, and who was at its head for tw enty-five years. There are other articles by missionaries and men who have been in the Indian country and worked with the red man. Photo- graphs of some of Carlisle’s graduates appear, including S. J. Nori, a full- blood Pueblo, who is now chief clerk of the school, and Rev. James G. Dick- son, a Nez Perce, who graduated from Carlisle some years ago. A fine view' is shown of the modern home of Wm. White, of Walworth. Wisconsin, who was also educated at Carlisle.Comment of Our Contemporaries Scores of articles are appearing in the newspapers and periodicals of the country which show that the kind of education given ai Carlisle is valuable both to the Indian and to the nation. A few editorials are published herewith because of their general interest to all friends of the Indian and of the School. IS A GOOD INDIAN IN HIS report recently made to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Superintendent Friedman of the Car- lisle Indian School declares that our aboriginal brothers are taking their places with the white men as good citizens, true patriots, and as self- respecting and self-supporting work- men and Christians. It is doubtless true that the Indian, as Superintendent Friedman says, is being redeemed from the old ways of indolence and superstition by the means of thorough education and its influence as a developing factor. It is obvious that the government has been doing a good work in its schools, for the influence of those institutions goes with the student back to his tribal connec- tions. and noticeable improvement is shown among the nation's charges. Hundreds of Indians, it is claimed, as a result of these beneficial influences, are leaving the reservations and are taking their places in white communi- ties as respected citizens and capable workmen, in the shop and on the farm. They are to be found in the professions, in trade, in the government service, andinthe busy marts of commercial life. It is being found that education of the right sort, which does not forget the moral nature and which gives thor- ough instruction and training in some vocational activity, is principally re' sponsible for the progress which the red man is making, and encourage® the extension of the work which has been proven so effective.—Editorial in Buffalo Commercial. SHOULD BE CENSORED SUPERINTENDENT Friedman of the Carlisle Indian school says the moving picture films showing Indian life and romance exhibited throughout the country are fakes, and that the Indians and the Government should make some organized effort to have the pictures censored. It is bad enough to give a false concept ion of 1°' dian life and ceremonies by means of faked pictures, but these pictures are not the only ones which should be cen- sored. Moving picture shows are at- tended by old and young of all classes and have become so popular that many such shows are maintained at good profit in every city of any size. I heir cheapness attracts many people who cannot afford to attend more expensive shows. Many of the films shown are as thrilling as they well could be and frequently fill those who see them with emotion. They are a powerful influ- ence for good or evil. Because of the large number of young people who attend the moving picture shows—youths and misses of an impressionable age—the pictures shownThe Red Man by Red Men 351 *	ould be subjected to a rigid censor- 'P* There are many educational objects which would prove fully as ^tractive as scenes of murder, violence *nd crime. Views of scenes which ever existed outside of the trashy dime 0r half-dime novels—scenes which *fouse in boys and girls a false concep- J*®n of the game of life, should always Prohibited. There are lots of things ''’orth knowing which could be taught >	fneans of the moving picture, and ose who cannot afford to travel might K'Ven glimpses of scenes in strange c°untries with profit, and these pictures w°uld deserve the patronage they 'Jould draw. Pictures which divert e minds of the young from things 'Vonh thinking about, to crime and evil, are vicious and should be forbidden. ’ Editorial in Albany Argus. education of Alaskan Indians 'T'HE Red Man, an illustrated magazine by Indians, published Monthly by the Carlisle Indian Press, ** Carlisle, Pennsylvania.—The De- ' ember issue, which is just to hand, wOuld seem, in make up and character contents, to answer the much- footed question, “Does it pay to educate the Indians?” The magazine ,s creditable in every way, and can readily be ranked among the high-class Periodicals. An article of special interest is found °n page 137, where the superinten- dent of the school, M. Friedman, an- swers the objections of Governor W. Clark of Alaska, to educating the Alaska Indians in the United States. Governor Clark claims that Indians that have been educated in the Uni- ted States return to Alaska “insolent and indolent, and their morals are un- speakable. The native will learn the white man’s vices much more readily than he will learn the white man’s virtues.” To this Mr. Friedman replies: "Careful records have been kept of the few Indians from Alaska who were educated at Carlisle, and the records they have made since their return to their homes, and are making now, are ample vindication of the Government’s aim of giving these Indians a practical education both in farming and the trades. These records, based on the accomplishments of the individual boy or girl, demonstrate that the Alaskan returned students have succeeded, either as self-supporting citizens or as leaders and teachers among their people.” The writer then backs his statement up with numerous authen- ticated incidents from the records that have been kept, thereby seeming to have entirely the best of the contro- versy. If Governor Clark’s opinions should obtain when carried into other things, the wheels of progress would stop. Like too many who see but the surface and judge the whole from the exceptional case, Governor Clark has undoubtedly formed his opinion, which of course could not be valued as com- pared with the superintendent of the school, whose business it is to follow these cases up. Many a white boy has come back to his country home from college a “smart Aleck, having learned what is not and never will be of any use to him,” yet the college and its teachings are not condemned352 The Red Man by Red Men and tabooed; and while an individual may occasionally be harmed by greater opportunity, no country and no people can fail to be benefited by giving its children the broadest opportunity and most liberal education, be they red, white, or black. Chemawa can give some splendid examples of the benefit of educating the Alaska Indian in the United States, and, faulty as our Indian policy has often been, in our schools as in the reser- vation, there has always been a steady move forward, and Mr. Friedman is eminently right in the position he takes as opposed to the views of Alaska’s governor.—Editorial, Portland, Ore- gon, Journal BELIEVE INDIAN FILMS SHOULD NOT REPRESENT RED MEN AS BAD CITIZENS THE protest recently made by Su- perintendent Friedman of the Carlisle Indian School against the untrue and misleading motion pic- tures of Indian life has met with favor in many quarters. The Greenburg (Pa.) Tribune makes this comment: “It has come at last. A protest has been raised against the untrue and mis- leading moving pictures of Indian life. The protest is raised by Mr. Fried- man. superintendent of Carlisle Indian School, who is speaking the sentiment of hundredsof well-educated and prom- inent Indians in this country. The Indians claim that the moving pictures are made to show them in a wrong light. In all the moving-picture show halls in this country the poor Indian has been pictured in a mighty poor position —usually as a snarling creature with vengeance inhiseye. Using the terms of old. the Indians are now on the ‘warpath and up in arms’ against the grossly inaccurate representations and are anxious that some organized effort should be made to bring to an end the falsehoods which are being thrown up- on the screens in show houses. "The Indians claim that the picture stories consist of impossibilities in Ind- ian life. The pictures show the red men in hold-ups, battles and savage acts of great cruelty. They hold that no possible good can come from this line of wild fabrications. Old days of war and strife are over, new days of progress have begun. "The Indians are taking their place as good citizens in this country, and noth- ing should stand in the way of their ambition now to become law-abiding citizens. The Indian has hope and is making himself heard in good society, in State Legislatures and in Congres- sional halls. ‘‘A better picture show of the Ind- ians would be to show them on their farms, in their automobiles and win- ning all prizes in the athletic world. Connect the Indian with such things and he will be placed in the true light to-day.”—Editorial in New York Tdi- graph. IS ONEIDA’S COUNSELOR ORTY years ago the Oneida In- dians located on the reservation near this city were engaged principally in hunting and fishing for a living- They drew a pittance from the gov- ernment which helped them meet the bare necessities of life and their’s wasThe Red Man by Red Men 353 a sorry plight. But the Oneidas are an 'ntelligent and progressive tribe, and today their reservation has been trans- fused from hunting grounds into agri- Cu'tural lands, and is thickly dotted comfortable farm houses. In 0r,y years the tribe has made a long *^vance toward civilization and now e reservation lines have been wiped ®t and township lines have taken 'neir p|ace. COLLEGE TRAINED INDIANS. These Indians have now the right to '°te and are governed by practically “e same laws as the whites. Among ^eirnumber are many men and women Who have received a college education and who are proving that they can prof- 11	by this advantage. One of these is Dennison VVheelock wbo has left the reservation and open- e<* a law and real estate office in De- Pere. ^je was admitted to the bar ast July in the supreme court chamber at Madison. He has already appeared ,n court on several cases and has shown 's ability by succeeding in some *he most important of them. Although Mr. VVheelock has left (be land of his fathers and cast his lot arnong the white population, he still ta*es an active interest in the affairs of bis people, and their confidence in him 8 such that his counsel is frequently sought in the more important affairs of 'be Oneidas. He is now in Washington, where he Was sent by a tribal council held re- ce"tly, and will appear before congress and the secretary of interior to present several important matters for adjudi- cation. One of these will be to ask legis- lation to enable the Oneidas of Wis- consin to recover from the six nations residing in New York a large sum of money claimed to have been errone- ously paid by the government to the New York Indians, and which right- fully, it is held, belongs to the local Oneidas. Another piece of legislation to be asked for is that Oneida married wo- men who have received no land allot- ments in the reservation be given the right to select allotments on the public domain. The government will also be asked to give the Oneidas the school district allotments on the reservation so that the Indians may establish public schools of their own, and do away with the practice of sending their children to government Indian schools. This question is also vital to the white people who have purchased lands from the red men and are opening up large farms on the reservation. WANT ALL TO SHARE BURDEN. The Indians also are asking that all restrictions as to sale, taxation and in- cumbrance of all lands belonging to In- dians in the reservation be removed. One reason for this is that many well- to-do Indians refuse to leave the juris- diction of federal laws, thereby escaping the paying of taxes, leaving the burden of building roads, bridges and schools upon the white settlers and those In- dians who are no longer wards of the federal government. Mr. Wheelock hopes to have all these matters adjusted to the satisfac- tion of a great majority of the people on the former reservation lands. Dennison Wheelock is 40 years old.354	The Red Man by Red Men He was born on the reservation, went to the reservation government school and was then sent to Carlisle, from which he was graduated in 1890. He afterwards went to Dickinson College in Carlisle, taking the classical course. He afterward studied law under a well- known lawyer of that city, John R. Miller. He was appointed assistant clerk and bandmaster of Carl isle school, and organized a band of sixty-five men at the school and took it to the world’s fair at Chicago, where it played two weeks. His band also played at the Buffalo exposition, and at the inauguration ceremonies of McKin- ley and Roosevelt. WIFE CARLISLE GRADUATE. Mrs. Wheelock is also a graduate of Carlisle school, and is a woman of talent. She is a Chippewa Indian from Minnesota. She is a member of the West Depere Congregational church and takes an active part in the church work. She is secretary of and a moving spirit in the Ladies' Aid society. The Wheelock children attend the public schools of the West Side.—The Mil- waukee Free Press.Concerning €x=&tubente ant) <£rabuattsi ?tad ?E Carlisle School kecp« in closc touch with all of its returned students and Who h	^*^'eve *haI *h's i* fundamental and that much good results when those gath *j 5°?e ou* hear *rom 'heir Alma Mater occasionally. Aiside from this the school •ivel l.	records which demonstrate the value of Indian education and conclu- y show that the only good Indian is not a dead Indian. N interesting letter from Mrs. Benja- t|),n ^heelock, ncc Ida Powlas, informs us p^3' while they have had adversities in the fgg ’ are now trying to get on their et and in every way are trying to take * 'heir little family and themselves. e and her husband arc both Carlisle Ps and have the spirit of rising even ,er what seems like sure defeaL -w. w ” W Otcic Quip, an ex-student, is located at ^ ',c Rocks, Utah. “I am getting along y ’ he says. “I go out every summer *	work on the Government ditch. When g comes, I hope to go out again. ank you, old Carlisle, I will remember you.” jH^EOR,3E Hancorne, who went home in Fid a*>oul 4 y*ar ago, writes from er> California, that he is much improved has hopes of returning to the school etimc. He hopes to be able to get into usiness school in San Francisco this ef) if he can save up enough money, w w Mrs. Emma Morrell Thompson, writes r^”- ^'0rt Stanl®y. Washington, that she 'vet the Arrow each week and enjoys about the old school. She says: e are all well and getting along fine." m-+- Mary E. Wolfe, Class 1908, it still em- •T* “ matron in the Indian School at *mawa, Oregon. She says: "I am ever rking and striving to be always a success. ” ^ Richmond Martin writes from Basom, •	*•! that he it now working on hit own farm. Until late last fall he worked for the Oneida Aluminum Company, at Niagara Falls, N. Y. He says, “I appreciate what Carlisle has done for me; also appreciate the Arrow which comes each week. It is good to hear what others are doing. It makes me work all the harder.” An interesting letter from Linas S. Pierce informtus that he it still in the Navy and his present address it U.S.S. Pennsyl- vania, Bremerton Navy Yard, Washington. m-p- A letter from Joseph Sheehan, an ex- student, tells us that he has given up print- ing because of his health and it now work- ing in a big shirt manufacturing establish- ment, the Oppenhiem Oberndorff Company, in Baltimore, Md. He is a member of the Baltimore CrossCountry Club Track Team and has taken part in some important races. Mrs. SArah Johnson, who was Sarah Vanacay when a pupil here, writes to the Superintendent from Cherokee, N. C. She was at Carlisle ten years and feels that what she learned here is what has helped her live right. Sarah is a Chippewa from Michigan who married Elige Crowe, a Cherokee, shortly after leaving the school. She lost her first husband and it now married to Mr. Johnson. A letter from Leander Gansworth, Class 1896, informs us that he has lately made a change in his work. He says: I am now setting type for the trade. We have a nicely equipped office, with a late model linotype Soon after taking up the356 The Red Man by Red Men work I secured the contract for setting up the proceedings (daily) of the International Con- vention of Machinists held here, and I have secured other big jobs. I have charge of the mechanical end of the business and have a night man working. We don’t do any printing but we do set type. At present we are working on a big catalog. I have also had two very Haltering offers to go to Washington State, but I am doing very well here and, as I have a home in Davenport, I declined. A card from Corporal Chiltoski W. Nick, Class 1905, is received from Fort William McKinley, Manila, P. I. Cor- poral Nick says he likes the Army very much and will re-enlist for another three years. He is a member of the Seventh Cavalry Band, U. S. Army. ■*»-*- Helen Lepolia Cheago. a Pima ex- student, is living at Phoenix, Arizonia. »-► Georoe Hoogradora, an ex-student, is located at Red Rock, Oklahoma. He is living on a farm and doing well. ■ * *- —r r James Seweryea, a Pueblo, who went to his home in 1890, writes from Laguna, N. M., that he has a farm there and raises apples, com, and some wheat. He sends greetings to all the Carlisle children. *	► Mary Mitchell Sherman, an ex-student, is now living at Milesville, S. Dak. She says: We are living on a 160 acre claim in Stanley county and like it here very much. We lost all our crops last summer on account of having no rain but we hope for better crops this year. ► Ray Pedro, a Pueblo, is now at Cold Spring, N.M. He says, ‘*1 am still in the Zuni Mountains working on the railroad. I am working for the American Lumber Company and like my work very much.” *>—► Emily Hardt Floyd, who has not heard from the school for twelve years, writes an interesting letter of her life since she left in 1898. She has been married for eight ye*1* and has three children. She is now living at Fond Du Lac, Wisconsin. Samuel J. Checote, a Creek, whoatteno* ed the Carlisle school from 1881 to 1884. writes from Okmulgee, Okla., that he is * preacher among his people. He is grateful for what he learned at this school, e*P*' cially the lessons learned from “our old dining room matron, Mrs. Platt, about th* Bible.” Preston Pohoxicut, an ex-student, now lives at Apache, Okla., where he is farming' He rents most of his land, however. He ha* been in the Indian Service and has worked in traders' stores sincft he left Carlisle. Mc is married and lives comfortably in his fo«r‘ room house. Jacob Walker Cobmoosa, an ex-student, is now living at Millerton, Mich. He say*! Although it is a long time since I left C *r‘ lisle, I cannot help but think of the teaching* received there.	, I learned the carpenter’s trade there apo am good enough to compete with my whit* brothers, who have always shown a friend* liness towards me. Carpentering is slack in Mt. Pleasant, so 1 am spending the wint* working in the cedar woods. Joseph R. Brown, of Wheaton, Minne- sota, writes: The training I received at Carlisle, with the experience I have had since leaving there, is now my chief asset. For a few years attcr returning from Carlisle I worked on farms, and for the last four years I have been ciU" ployed as foreman in the Weekly Footprint* office. Although 1 have not amassed a fortune or been elected President of the United States. I have been holding my own place in tht community. A card from Arthur Sheldon, Class 1904> brings information that he is traveling i” the interests of the Overland Auto Cotfl' pany. l-ast summer he traveled all throug the West and the Middle States and Canada- Now he is traveling in the Pacific States.<»»***(garlislp Jnftian Jnijnstrial Srljool ifl. ;friebman, &uperintenbent , np iTiAM The Indian School is located in Carlisle, Pa., in beautiful IUi\. Cumberland County with its magnificent scenery, unexcell- ed climate and refined and cultured inhabitants. HKTOPV The School was founded in 1879, and first specifically provid- ■ ed for by an Act ofthe United States Congress July 31, 1883. The War Department donated for the school’s work the Carlisle Barracks, composed of 27 acres of land, stables, officers’ quarters and commodious bar- racks buildings. The Guardhouse, one of the school’s Historic Buildings, was built by Hessian Prisoners during the Revolutionary War. PR PSPNT The present plant consists of 49 buildings. The school cam PI ANT pus’ t0£ether with two school farms, comprises 311 acres. The buildings are of simple exterior architectural treatment but well arranged, and the equipment is modern and complete. APAnFMir' The academic courses consist of a carefully graded school ' including courses in Agriculture, Teaching, Stenography. Business Practice, Telegraphy and Industrial Art. TI? A ncc Instruction of a practical character is given in farming, dairying, horticulture, dressmaking, cooking, laundering, housekeeping and twenty trades. OIT'TIMf'1	Outing System affords the students an opportunity for ex- SYSTFM tended residence with the best white families of the East, enabling them to get instruction in public schools, learn practical house- keeping, practice their trade, imbibe the best of civilization and earn wages, which are placed to their credit in the bank at interest. PI 1RPOSP	a'm	Carlisle School is to train Indians as teachers. homemakers, mechanics, and industrial leaders who find abun- dant opportunity for service as teachers and employees in the Indian Service leaders among their people, or as industrial competitors in the white communi- ties in various parts of the country. Faculty_____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 75 Total number of different students enrolled last school term.........................1192 Total Number of Returned Students.....................................................................4693 Total Number of Graduates................................................................................. 583 Total Number of Students who did not graduate...............................................4110 RP„IU	These students are leaders and teachers among their people; 265 occupy positions with the Government as teachers, etc., in Government schools; among the remainder are successful farmers, stockmen, teachers, preachers, mechanics, business men, professional men, and our girls are upright, industrious and influential women.