BEDTIME TALES 12 hooked the brassiere. Instantaneously, Doris saw the most voluptuous develop- ment that she had yet observed. "They're marvelous, Nelly!" Stretching out a hand, she touched each breast, gingerly at first, then more inter- estedly. "Why in the world do you want to re- duce?" "Oh, I don't know! Too much of a good thing is sometimes not so good." "The boys love them that way, don't they?" "Do they?" asked Nelly, laughing. "What do you know about the boys?" "I know that much, anyway!" Doris whispered. Nelly let the front of her coat flap loosely as she resumed the hair waving job. She didn't bother to readjust her brassiere, nor did she stop to re-button. "What lotion do you use on your skin?" she asked. "Oh, you should use something to keep it soft and pliable!" "What, for instance?" "We have a lotion that's wonderful. I'll show it to you after I'm through with your hair. It keeps your skin just like satin." "I'd like to try it." "And you should have a body massage once in a while. Tones up the sinews and the muscles and makes the flesh springy and lively. Did you ever have one?" "I've had a facial massage!" said Doris. "I mean a body massage." "All over?" Doris stressed the question incredulously. "Sure!" replied Nelly. "It must be funny. Do you give them, too?" "Certainly." "Does it make a person feel good?" "It does!" echoed Nelly. "I'll tell you what I'll do. You are going out for a grand evening with the 'best looking' young man in New York. You want to look and feel your best. I'll give you a massage and fix you up with the lotion 'neverything!" "No, you won't!" declared Doris. "Do you expect me to spend my week's pay in here this afternoon?" "Who said anything about the cost?" "Well, how much?" "We'll come to that later, beautiful! I'd be willing to give you a massage for nothing if I owned this shop." "But you don't own it!" laughed Doris. Nelly leaned over her, whispering con- fidentially: "That's very true, but who knows what goes on inside my booth? Nobody!"