BEDTIME TALES 46 Her cruel retort cut him to the quick, and squaring his jaw, he commenced to sketch. Her sang-froid had completely un- nerved him. For two hours he labored without a minute's respite; he sketched the outlines of her form, filled in those details which he considered of paramount importance, and shaded other details with that almost uncanny ability that had made him fa- mous. Quite often, he had been obliged to cau- tion her as to the importance of remaining immobile, but while he inwardly sym- pathized with her for the strain under which she labored to comply with his re- quest, he did not comment on it. He feared the reply which he felt certain she would deliver. She groaned slightly, and an uplifted arm dropped slowly to her side. Her eyes closed. Rene considered her sharply. "Made- moiselle -" he started, but the pallor of her features cut him short. Florette had fainted. Hurrying forward, he lifted her into his arms and deposited her on the long couch beneath the window. Then, with a cadmness that surprised him, he moisten- ed a handkerchief in the bowl of flowers on the table and spread it over her fea- tures. She stirred just a little, and her eye- lids fluttered. "Mademoiselle!" He leaned over and placed an arm beneath her head. "You are feeling better?" She nodded, and her eyes opened. "In- finitely better, but, oh, so tired!" "That is to be expected," he explained. "You have undergone a frightful strain." "It does not matter." Her gaze centered on him. "Alcide, my dearest, I--I cannot go through with it! I loved you so!" He fell back before the awful portent of her words. "Then you know my name?" he whispered, anxiously. "Know your name?" Her lips parted in a glowing smile. "Alcide, have I ever known the name of another since you--?" "Florette!" Sudden recognition had made all things clear in a blinding flash. "Florette Carmouche! Then ,you--you have forgiven?" "I have forgiven, Alcide, because I love you too much to refuse you even that!" She moved closer to him. "Love me, Al- cide! Kiss me until I can no longer think the awful thoughts that have haunted me for ten years; bury your head upon my breast and tell me that you--that you still care!" "Care!" he repeated. "Florette! I have never ceased to worship your memory, even -!" His voice died as his hungry lips fast- ened themselves upon her hand in a kiss so tender, so full of love, as to drive all thoughts of the past from her mind. The caress of an adolescent youth, she thought; so pleasantly different from those of the men who had sought her favors!