ALL-STORY

SOLID

 Address

Send No Money
Pay No C.O.D.

       Read every word of this amazing new offer—near this
Genuine Diamond Ring for a full week at our expense
—deposit nothing— absolu telyne risk or expense to you.
Mail free trial coupon below—do not enclose a penny. We
will send you on approval, at our expense, all chargespre-
paid, your choice of these handsome genuine diamond
rings. Pay nothing when the ring arrives—make no deposit
of any kind. Wear the ring a week; show it to your friends;
see if you can duplicate it for fifty dollars in the stores.
Then, after a week, decide. If you wish to return the ring,
do so at our expense and that settles everything. The trial
is entirely free. You pay nothing, so you can lose nothing.
But if you decide to keep the ring, just mail us $3.75 a
month until you have paid the amazingly low price of
$38.75. A year to pay—no interest.

  Genuine Diamonds

       The Ladies' Ring elaborate pi_erced model ex-

        in m solid trreen cold, with an 18*K hand engraved
        ^ ^adedwh^e gold fop8 A striking new mode . t is set

        withaltan?e brilliant. k*^^2i-kablyP bi^vaiuew-ort'hat
        iZt $50 (Wanywhere. Our price is only $38.75, with a year
        to pay ($3^ i a ni'" ~ .	flower illustration) is a hand-

      The Men S King Some new fluted desigru extra

       luc . .7 , ___i j „.7ih an 18-K hand engraved and

        massive 14-K solid	t ith a \arge brilliant, blue-white,

      beaded white ^Jd top. Set w.tn^T.to,duplicate

       thFsqrtag%r^fty^larsl,PUr PnCe isonly^ ’ payab,e

         $3.75 a month, a year to pay

                          Mail this Coupon Now —
                          Enclose Ring Size
                          Send No Money
                          Pay No C.O.D*

Worth *50 cPur;ctos3®~L
Genuine Dia*»«n

          Mail the Coupon f°f *

 7«	wSiS'.V1_. • in

  of IPfOt and « 7s tho

     Aw»*Y*~<3**"?ze*. 7w
     ....

 y°or c„. ~ ?5
 u”«i

''Of,

 Tor.th

 D tatZT1

A1350
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

i. s*	rnrr| Mv new $45.00 Radio Course given free when

KadlO Lourse rKLL I you enroll for the Electrical Course—Mail Coupon.

Men like you are needed right now to fill big-paying jobs in the electrical field,

There never was a time when opportunities for money making were as good as they
are now. Good jobs are open everywhere to men who know ‘what’s what.” Elec-
trical Experts earn from $12 to $30 a day. Even the ordinary electricians get top-notch pay. Why don’t
you get in on this and get a real man’s size job now? With my simplified Electrical Course 1 can quickly
fit you to hold one. Read W. E. Pence's letter below. This is only one oi thousands of
letters I have received.

You Can Be a Big Money Maker

I have trained over 20,000 men in electricity—thousands ©f successful men all over Af
the world attribute their success to my training. I can make you successful too. In U;

fact I will guarantee your success. If you will follow my home study course you can become an expert, draw-
ing a fat salary, in the same time it takes you to get a little raise in the work you are doing now.

$125

 Jumps
 From

A Month to

$750 Over

READ

 the Story of

 W. E. Pence

Age or Lack of Education No Handicap

 No matter how old or how young you are, or what education you have, there is a real
 future for you in electricity. If you can read and write I can put you on the road to
 success. I can help you to a position that will make people admire you and look up to you.

 Cash In on Your SpareTime

 Use your spare time to get a better job. Most
 of us have enough spare time every day to sell
 a little at about $10.00 an hour. Sell some to
 yourself at this price. Watch how quick
 k you will earn the money back if you
 put the time into study.

 I Guarantee Your
 Complete Satisfaction

 W. E. Pence

 in his working togs

 Mr Cooke:—

Electrical Working
Outfit Free

                               Chehalts, Wash.,
  Oct. 9,1921
  When I enrolled with you less than a year
  ago I was a common mechanic earning $25
  to $30 a week. Today I am an ‘‘Electrical Ex-
  pert” with a business of my own that gives me
  a clear profit of over $750 a month.

    / have mere work than lean do. The people
 around Chehalis come to me to fix their start-
 ers, generators and ignition troubles because
 they know that I know how to do it right.

    My success, T oue to you, Mr. Cooke. The
 thorough practical training which you gave me
 through your Easily learned Home Study Course
 in Electricity has made me an independent,
 highly respected business man in this com-
 munity. Sincerely yours, W. E. Pence.

 Every man who enrolls for
 my electrical course gets
 a big outfit of tools, ma-
 terial and instruments free.
 This includes an electric
 motor and other things
 not usually found in a be
 ginners outfit. These are
 the same tools and the'
 same material you will use
 later in your work. Every-
 thing practical *and good
 right from the start

 I am so sure I can make a big pay electrical
 expert out of you that I guarantee your suc-
 cess. I agree under bond to return every
 cent you pay me for tuition when you have
 finished the course, if you are not satisfied
 that it is the best investment you have ever
 made. If you don’t make good, this million
 dollar institution will.	^

   Act Right Now

 Let me send you my big free book ±
 giving details of the opportunities ^

                              electricity offers you and a sam- ^

                            .pie lesson also free. Mail the^^
                            coupon and get this at once.. ^

                          Learn how other men "got w\ V
                          themselves ready to hold f . Vt!	.

                      good paying jobs" andEngineer, Chic**®
                      how lean help you do Engineering Work**
                      the same. This is your XDcpt* {,uaV?,S0 L**i?rr,,nc®
                      big chance—take it, >	Chicago, III

                                             Dear Sir Send ai once Sample Let-
                                             f sons, your Big Book, and full particulars

                                              /of your Free Outfit and Home Study Course
                                              —all fully prepaid wttoout obligation on my

 uiiiauu cnuinttKinu ✓ Pirt
 WORKS, Dept. 5178 / Name.................... ........................

 2150 Lawrence Are., Chicago * Address	.....

 L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer

ny this advt

 if is desirable that you me

 thin magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

"W E, E, K. L Y

VOL. CXLVI

CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER 4, 1922

 Number 6

   The entire content! of thii magazine are protected by copyright, and muil not be reprinted without the publaheri'

FIVE CONTINUED STORIES

........Boice Du Bois .

Crafty Rogues.......

A Four-Part Story — Pari One

The Dance of Death......Fred Jackson .

A Six-Part Story — Part Two

The Fire People........Ray Cummings

A Five-Part Story — Part Three

Caste...........W. A. Fraser .

A Five-Part Story — Part Four

The Bird of Passage......John Schoolcraft

       A Six-Part Story — Part Six

NOVELETTE AND SHORT STORIES

 801

 847

 872

 902

926

The Storm Woman.......            John Holden ....         . 823 
The Adventures of Peabody Smith . ) William J. Flynn and \ . 864 
II-THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE FAMILY. \ George Barton |              
Anonymous.........                Stuart Rivers ....       . 893 
Broadway Stuff........            George B. Jenkins, Jr.   . 920 
French Louey’s Delay......        Raymond S. Spears .      . 944 
 The End Justifies the Means .... C. S. Callahan ....      . 952 
MISCELLANEOUS AND POETRY

The Price of a Pass......Izzy Kaplan’s Kolumn

Gems of Consolation.........822

Vision........Leslie Ramon	846

A Sprig of Myrtle . Roselle Mercier Montgomery	863

November’s Jewel..........871

Baker and Bread-Line .	. .

Cupid’s Helper .... James W. Campbell
In an Old Home . . Cora A. Matson Dolson

Tenanted.....Margaret Severance

Women versus Nature .... Miles Overholt
. Edmund Vance Cooke 957

958

 901

 919

 925

 943

ABOVE SUSPICION

By ROBERT ORR CHIPPERFIELD

Death, richly deserved, hovered for years over the head of Joseph Benkard, who
made friends only to betray them, but when it came it came like a bolt from above.

THIS SIX-PART SERIAL BEGINS NEXT WEEK.

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE BOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C., LONDON

Kkavk a. Minsky, President	Richard H. Titrebington’, Secretary	Christopher H. Popk. Treasurer

Slagle copies, lO cents. By the year, $4.00 In United States, Its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; 96.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Forei*n
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless re*istered
PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 1922
Entered as second class matter July lfi. 1W0, at the Post-Office at New York, ander the Act of March S. 1879

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN

 l
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

“We pay him $100 a week

“AND he’s worth every cent of it. Came
here several years ago asking for a job.
He got just that—a small job at a small salary.

  “Then I forgot about him—hardly knew he
was on the payroll until one day I got a letter
from the International Correspondence Schools
telling me that Thomas A. Andrews had en-
rolled for a course and had received a mark
of 98 for his first lesson.

  “ ‘There’s a man worth watching,’ I said to
myself, so I began to keep tabs on his work.
Pretty soon he began coming to me with
suggestions. I could almost see him growing.

  “Somehow, he was the first man I thought
of whenever there was a position open. And
he always made good because he was always
preparing himself for the job ahead. We pay
him $100 a week now and he’s going to be
earning even a larger salary some day. I
wish we had more men like him.’'

  There is an easy, fascinating way for you to get
this special training right at home in spare time.
One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in the
quiet of your own home, will bring you more
money, more comforts, more pleasure, all that suc-
cess means.

  Don’t let another priceless hour of spare time
go to waste! Without cost or obligation, let us
prove that we can help you. Mark and mail this
coupon now.

-------TEAR OUT HERE-------

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Box 2163-C. Scranton. Fenna.

Without cost or obligation, please tell mo how I can qualify for th»
position or In the subject bet ore which I have marked an X:
BUSINESS TRAIN IN6 DEPARTMENT

I_IOW do you stand when your employer checks
-*■ up his men for promotion? Does he think
of you? Is there really any reason why you should
be selected ?

  Ask ycurself these questions fairly. You must
face them if you expect advancement and more
money. For now, more than ever, the big jobs
are going to men with special training.

 Business Management
 Industrial Management
 Personnel Organization
 Traffic Management
 Business Law
 Banking and Banking Law
 Accountancy (including C.F.A.)
 Nicholson Cost Accounting
 Bookkeeping
 Private Secretary
 Business Spanish O French
 TECHNICAL AND
 Electrical Engineering
 Electric Lighting
 Mechanical Engineer
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machinc Shop Practice
 Railroad Positions
 Gas Engine Operating
 Civil Engineer
 Surveying and Mapping
 Metallurgy
 Steam Engineering
 Radio □ Airplane Engines

Salesmanship

□	Advertising

 □	Better Letters
   Foreign Trade
   Stenography and Typing
   Business English
   Civil Service
   Railway Mail Clerk
   Common School Subjects
   High School Subjects
   Illustrating □ Cartooning

INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT
  Architect

   Blue Print Reading
   Contractor and Builder
   Architectural Draftsman
   Concrete Builder
   Structural Engineer
   Plumbing and Beating
   Chemistry □ Pharmacy
   Automobile Work
   ..Navigation
   J Agriculture and Poultry
   Mathematics

 Name ....

 Street

 Address..

City...............................................State..

Occupation..........................................................................................

 Prrnont rt$idinn in Canada should tend this coupon to the Interna*
 Ko.-mU Correspondence BckoaJs Canadian. Limited. Montreal, Canada*

 In aniwcring tMi advcriinmcnt it it detirablc that you mention thin magazine.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

  CLEAN UP $100.00 WEEKLY FROM NOW TILL CHRIST-
MAS WITH “NIFTY NINE”. Weekly average 10') sales—
dollar profit each. 30—10 sales daily frequently made.
Demonstrating outfit c inches order. 30 other com-coaxers.
All Ideal for Christmas gifts—several at each house. Big
rush uow starting. Get free Sample outfit offer Postal
brings our unique plans. DAVIS PRODUCTS COMPANY.
Dept. 38. Chicago.

 AGENTS— MAKE $7 TO $14 A DAY. BRAN D
NEW ALUMINUM HANDLE CUTLERY SET. You take orders,
we deliver and collect. Pay you daily. Full or spare time.
No experience necessary. No capital. We need lloo Sale*
Agents, men or women, to cover every county in the U. S.
Demand enormous. Write quick. JENNINGS MFG. CO.,
Dept. 1S09. Dayton, Ohiu.__

  $13.45 FOR A STYLISH M ADE-TO-YOU R-M EASU RE
3-PIECE SUIT—regular $25.00 value. We are making this
bargain offer to prove our remarkable values in tailoring. Write
for our big sample outfit showing how agents make $35.00 to
$40.00 extra every week taking orders for high-grade tailoring.
WASHINGTON TAILORING CO., Dept. JL-304. Chicago.

TAILORING AGENTS. OUR VIRGIN WOOL TAILOREO
TO ORDER SUITS AND OVERCOATS SELL FAST AT

 $29.50. All fabrics, all styles the same price. Over «w)
 men uow making $50 to $150 a week. You get paid in advance.

 Quick service. Protected territory.__<5x9 swatch outfits fre--

 Write Salesmanager. J. B. SIMPSON, Dept. 304, 831-&43
 West Adams. Chicago.___

  LARGE SHIRT MANUFACTURER wants Agents to *11

 complete line of shirts direct to wearer. Exclusive patterns. Bl*
 values. Free samples. Madison Mills, 503 Broadway, New tors.

  Clarke made $18 an hour selling vestpocket windshield
cleaner needed by every autoist. motorman, engineer; one

rub keeps glass clear 24 hours; 60.000 sold. Amazing propo-
sition free." Security Mfg. Co., Dept. 633. Toledo. Ohio._

  Portrait*, photo pillow tops, frames, sheet pictures, medallions.

merchant's signs, waterproof and tea aprons, silk and wool
hose, luminous crucifixes*, catalog free. 30 days credit.
JAS. C. BAILEY CO., Desk K-ll. Chicago._

  AGENTS—Our Soap and Toilet Article Plan is a wonder. Get
our Free Sample Case Offer. Ho-Ro*Co, 137 Locust, St. Louis, Mo.

 NC DULL TIMES SELLING FOOD—PEOPLE MUST E^T.
FEOERAL DISTRIBUTORS MAKE BIG MONEY; *3.000
YEARLY AND UP. No capital or experience needed: guar-
anteed sales; unsold goods may be returned. Y’our name
on packages builds your own business. FREE SAMPLES
to customers—Repeat orders sure; Exclusive territory. Ask
Now! FEDERAL PURE FOOD CO.. Dept. 35. Chicago.

 BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY OWNER BUYS
GOLD INITIALS for his auto. You charge $1.50. make $1.35.
Ten orders daily easy. Write for particulars and free samples.
American Monogram Co., Dept. 54. East Orange. N. J._

  We pay $8 a day taking orders for INSYDE TYRES. Guar-
anteed to prevent punctures and blowouts. Double tire mileage.
Any tiro. Tremendous demand. Low priced. Write quick for
agency. American Accessories Co., B-201, Cincinnati, Ohio.

 27.000 RECORDS GUARANTEED WITH ONE EVERPLAY
PHONOGRAPH NEEDLE; new. different; cannot injure rec-
ords; $10.00 daily easy Free sample to workers. EYER-
PLAY. Desk 1112, McClurg Bldg., Chicago.

  A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN. Make Sparkling Glass Nami

Plates. Numbers, Checkerboards. Medallions, Signs. Big illus-
trated book free. E. PALMER. 500 Wooster, Ohio.

  $5 to $15 Daily Easy—Introducing New Style Guaranteed
Hosiery. Must wear or replaced free. No capital or experience
required. Just show samples, write orders. Your pay in
advance. We deliver and collect. Elegant outfit furnished all
colors and grades including silks—wool and heathers.
MAC-O-CHEE MILLS CO.. Desk 2211, Cincinnati. Ohio.

  Men A Women—or Managers of Good Live Crews—clean up
big money before the holidays selling our Sui>er-Bag. Sells on
sight. Big profits. Write to-day for territory. PRESTO
BAG CO., Dept. A, 81 S. Howard St., Akron, Ohio.

 AGENTS—90c AN HOUR TO ADVERTISE AND DISTRI-
BUTE SAMPLES TO CONSUMER. WHITE QUICK FOR
TERRITORY AND PARTICULARS. AM Kill CAN PRODUCTS
COMPANY, 7791 AMERICAN BUILDING, CINCINNATI,
OHIO.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

  Land Seekers! Attention! $10 to $50 starts you on 20. 40
or 80 acres near hustling city in lower Mich. Bal. long time.
Write today for FREE booklet giving full information, owigart
Land Co., Y-1245 First National Bank Bldg.. Chicago.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

 EXCHANGE PLOTS FOR	Photoplay Ideas accepted

any form: revised, typed, published, copyrighted. Sold. Advice
free UNIVERSAL SCENARIO CORP.. 918 Western Mutual
Life Bldg.. Los Angeles.

  PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES: $10 TO $500

EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed: details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
PRODUCERS LEAGUE. 383 Wainwright, St. Louis. Mo.

SONG POEMS WANTED

 WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG. We compose music.
Our Chief of Stair wrote many big song-bita. Submit your
•ong-pnem to us at once. NEW YORK MELODY COBI*..
403 Fitzgerald Building, New York.

   Mon's Shirts. Easy to Sell. Big demand everywhere. Make

 $13.00 daily. Undersell stores. Complete line. Exelusir.
 Ipatlems. Free Samples. CHICAGO SIliKT COMI .V.W.
 i) So. Clinton. Factory - -6. Chicago.___

  AGENTS—-FREE TRIAL OFFER. HARPER’S C0M8INA.
TION BRUSH SET AND FIBRE BROOM. Consists of Are
parts, has ten different uses. It sweeps, washes and dries win-
dows, scrubs ar.d mops floors, and does five other things. Over
100% profit. Write for our free trial offer. Harper Brush Works.
Dept. 66, Fairfield, Iowa.__

  $10 WORTH OF FINESt TOILET SOAPS, perfumes, toilet
 waters, spices, etc., absolutely free to agents on our refund
 plan. Lacassian Co., Dept. 614, St. Louis. Mo.

  NEW OIL LAMP BURNS 94% AIR—S. V. JOHNSON.
S00 ALADDIN BVILDINU. G09 W. LAKE. CHICAGO. II.!• .
inventor of wonderful new oil lamp that burns 94% air ana

 beats gas or electricity, is offering to give one free to the
 first usee in each locality who will help introduce it. Write
 him for particulars.	_

  AGENTS—MAKE A DOLLAR AN HOUR. Sell Mcndets. a

 patent patch lor instantly mending leak* m all utensils. Sample
 package free. Collette Manufacturing Company. Dept. 3§6-B,
 Amsterdam, N. Y.	_

  AGENTS $25.00 A WEEK FOR SPARE TIME. Suits $13 45.

 pants $3.45 up. Money back guarantee. Guaranteed quality.
 Line well known. Samples free. Write CHICAGO TAILORS
 ASSOCIATION, Dept. 107, Chicago.	_

   Sell the latest nationally approved cooking utensil, the
 Squire BROILET. Sells on sight. Convenient to carry ami
 show. $90 profit weekly easy for live agents. Get full details
 from A. B. Squire Mfg. Corp., 280 Madison Ave., New York.

  SALES A6ENTS WANTED in every county to give all or
 spare time. Positions worth $750 to $1500 yearly. We train the
 inexperienced. Novelty Cutlery Co., 77 Bar St., Canton, Ohio.

  AGENTS—$15 A DAY—EASY, QUICK SALES—FREE
AUTO—BIG WEEKLY BONUS—51.50 premium Fre. to every
customer. Simply show our Beautiful, 7 piece. Solid Aluminum
Handle Cutlery Set, Appeals instantly. We deliver and
collect. Pay daily. NEW ERA MFG. CO., 803 Madison St..
Dept. 20-G, Chicago._

  AGENTS: Get your money on the spot. $16.00 daily
demonstrating Serenolas. No waiting for commission or salary
checks. No delivering. No collecting. Big season just starting.
Write or wire. PERRY LUDLOW CO.. S-1907. Dayton. Ohio.

  ACT QUICK: $100 WEEKLY. Sells like wildfire. Klean-
 Rite. Now Washing Compound. No rubbing. Women cra/.\
 about it. 300Profit. Premium Plan Gets Business. Samples
 FREE. Bcstever Products Co.. 1941-A Irving Park. Chicago.

   AGENTS: New Reversible Raincoat—N>t sold In stores. Two
 coats iu one. Guaranteed waterproof or money hack. You take
 orders. We pay you daily. No experience necessary Sample
 furni>hed. Parker IBfe Co.. Oott 1108* Dftjton* Onto.

AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

  FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little book of money
making hints, suggestions. Ideas: the A B C of successful Story
and Mo\ie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your oopj
now I Just address Authors* Press. Dept. 19. Auburn. N. Y.

  STORIES, POEMS. PLAYS. ETC.. ARE WANTED for

 publication. Good ideas bring big money. Submit Mss., or write
 Literary Bureau, 110, Hannibal. Mo.

  BIG MONEY IN “WRITING PHOTOPLAYS. STORIES.
POEMS. SON 6 S. Send today for FREE copy WRITER'S
BULLETIN, full of helpful advice how to write, where to sell.
EDWARD'S, PUBLISHER. 601 Butler Building, Cincinnati.

  AUTOMOBILE MECHANICS. Owners. Garagemen. Repair-
men. send for free copy America's Popular Motor Magazine.
Contains helpful instructive information on overhauling, ignition
wiring, carburetors, batteries, etc. AUTOMOBILE DIGEST.
500 Butler Building. Cincinnati.

AUTOMOBILE SCHOOLS

  BE AN AUTO OR TRACTOR EXPERT. Unlimited oppor-
tunity. 7000 successful graduates. Write at once for our big
free catalogue. CLEVELAND AUTO SCHOOL, 1819 E 24th St..
Cleveland. Ohio.

Classified Advertising continued on page 6.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
argosy-allstory—advertising section.

In antietring Ikit aiiertitcment it it desirable that you mention thin magazine.

This Picture Begin With “B.” Like “Boy/“‘Barrel.” Etc?

How’s Your Eyesight?

TJERE’S a puzzle gamo that can bring you plenty of
spare-trmo fun and $1,000 besides. Have tho family
or friends play with you—see who can find the most ob-
jects In the picture beginning with “B/* like “boy/*
“barrel,” etc. Send in your list of “B’’-words as soon as
possible—YOU MAY WIN ONE OF THE $1,000 PRIZES.

Winning $1,000 Easy!

50 Prizes in All—Try Your “Luck”

Threo $1,000 prizes have been hung up with ether cash
prize*—50 IN ALL. If your list of ''B”-words la awarded
first, second or third and you have ‘’qualified" under
Class '‘A.** by sending a $5 Henber Pencil order during
this advertising campaign, you will win SI.000; if you
sent in under Class “ H" a $3 pencil order you would
win $300; if no pencil Is ordered you would win $25.
You may be the “lucky” person who will v/In $1,000. You
never know how “lucky'’ you ars until >ou have tried.

Others Have Won—You Can Win

If others, even school children as young a* 12 and 14
years have won $1,000, you can win. The following per-
sons each won SI.000 in previous advertising campaigns
conducted by this company: Thomas I>amloo. 1154 S.
12th St. Philadelphia. Pa.; Frank Vogel. 720 North I
St., Tacoma, Wash.; E. J. Kilkelly, Kenosha, Wls.; Mrs.
B. Bulfln. Milwaukee. Wls.; Mrs. Ella Phillips, Clifton.
Col. ; Walter Klee, Tenstrlke. Minn. ; Mrs. R. O. Steele.
Kimball. Neb.; M. Gould. Blackpool, Idaho, and Others,

You’ll Never Win Unless You Try! Act!

READ THESE RULES

■ '	• ............xvlfl

--tsi

Three $1,000^

 CASH PRIZES

Prizes Class“A” Class“B” Class“C”

1st ......$1,000.00 $300.00 $25.00

2nd ...... 1,000.00 300.00 25.00

3rd ...... 1,000.00 300.00 25.00

4th ...... 300.00 100.00 10.00

5th ...... 100.00 30.80 5.00

6th to 10th 25.00 15.00 4.00
11th to 15th 10.00 7.50 3.00
16th to 25th 7.50 5.00 2.00
26th to 50th 5.00 3.00 1.00
Class “A”—Prizo If you order $5 pencil
Class “li”—Prize if you order $3 pencil
Class *‘C”—Prizo if you buy no pencil
Prizes at Republic Bank, Minneapolis

  Advertising for Pencil

We want every one to become ac-
quainted with our pencils, the most
useful of all writing appliances. They
make suitable gifts for every occasion.

  LADY'S AND GENT’S STYLE
The illustration shows our Lady’s
Sterling Silver style (regular $3.50,
now $3 or two for $5, Lady's or
Gent’s). The $5 gold (Lady's or
Gent’s) comes in Colonial Hexagon
shape. The ITenber has many dis-
tinctive features: Repelling lead de-
vice; safety clasp; chase engraved
ba rrel; non-clogging median ism, etc.

 1.	Anyone living outside of Minneapolis
 may compete for the frea Prices except
 employee* or th«‘

 Itenber Company

 2.	Whoever sends in tne largest num-
 ber of words which correctly name the
 objects shown In tho picture starting
 with *B.” will be awarded first print,
 and so on down the list of 60 free
 prises One point will be allowed for
 •ach correct word, and one point de-
 cocted for each Incorrect word or
 omission of a correct word.

AODRESS YOUR
SOLUTION TO

 3.	to case of ties for any prlies offered
 the fu|| amount of each prise tied for

1	each tying contest-

 “?.* J*10 w*“nlng tho first prise
 will be published at tho close of the
 contest. Enlarged copy of picture will
 be furnished on request.

 4.	Your solution must not Include hy-
 phenated. obsolete, compound (words
 made up of two complete English words)
 or foreign words Webster' s Inter-
 national Dictionary will be u.ted as
 authority.

 5.	It la permlasable to name either
 singular or plural, but both cannot be

used. Synonyms and words of s&m*
spelling but different meaning wrill
count only one. but any part of an object
can be named.

6.	Contest closes Dee. 2. 1922. All s«l-
                     iara ed Dec “ ‘

utionsmaih’d and pout marked Dec 2.1922.
will be accepted. Contestants may ‘qua!
lify under Class A or B up to midnight
Dee. 16.1922.

7.	Write words on one side of paper
only numbering each 1. 2. S. 4, etc.

8‘ I*1™??, pr?m,ncnt people of Minna-
•etasJudaea, .Their decision

The Henber Co. DCiK Minneapolis,Minn
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Classified Adwrtlslnf continued from M« *■

HELP WANTED

WRITE NEWS ITEMS and Short Stories for pay in spare

 time, Copyright book and plana fro©. PRESS-REPORTING
 SYNDICATE, 433, St. Louis, Mo.

 RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS. STENOGRAPHERS. CLERKS.
 TYPISTS, wanted by Government. Examinations weekly. Pre-
 pare ut home. Writ© for free list and plan 301. payment after
 securing position. CSS, 1710 Market St., Philadelphia. _

 BE~A DETECTIVE—Earn $100. weekly; easy work;	ex-
 perience unnecessary; opportunities everywhere: open to	all;
 writ© today for fro.- particulars. Write Captain Wagner.	186
 East 79th Street. New York City.___

Make from 2 to 5 dollars a day painting Parchment Shades.

 without leaving the privacy of your own home. Eaay to learn.
 We teach you to do our work and positively guarantee to supply
 you with interesting spare time employment. Write immediately
 lor information. United Sha<lo Co., Dept. F. Sturgeon Bldg.,
 Toronto, Canada.	___

 SELL US YOUR "SPARE TIM if. YOU CAN EARN FIFTEEN
 TO FIFTY DOLLARS WEEKLY writing showcards at homo.

 No canvassing. Pleasant, profitable profession, easily, quickly
 learned by our simple graphic block system. Artistic ability
 unnecessary. We instruct you and supply you work. Wilson
 Methods. Ltd.. Dupt. G. 64 East Richmond. Toronto. Canada.

Used by three
generations
—still 100% gun

    The sturdy Stevens shotgun made
    its first “kills” in the hands of our
    grandfathers. With it our fathers
    first experienced the joys of hunting.

       And today young men treasure it,
    not only for its past, but because
    right today, the good old Stevens
    still maintains its unbroken record
    for hard and straight shooting.

      You can buy a more expensive
    gun than a Stevens; but you can-
    not buy better shooting qualities.
    Shotgun or rifle—a Stevens firearm
    is accurate.

      When a Stevens barrel is bored
    or drilled, the final reaming cuts
    away less than one-half of a
    thousandth of an inch.

         For rifling. Stevens uses a special proc-
     ess, slow scraping system removing /ess
     than the thirtieth part of a thou-
     sandth of an inch with each pass of the
     rifling cutter. A slow method—but when
     finished a Stevens barrel is accurate.

        And a Stevens will continue to shoot
     straight. Stevens guns are fitted so they
     can't shoot loose.

        When you buy a Stevens you are buy-
     ing unexcelled shooting qualities and you
     are paying a reasonable price.

         Stevens manufactures a complete
       line of small bore rifles and shotguns
       of every description. Ask at your
       dealer's or write for the interesting
       catalog describing in detail our com-
       plete line. Address:

       J. STEVENS ARMS COMPANY

          Dept.C-127 Chicopee Falls, Mass.
        Owned and operated by the Savage
        Arms Corporation. Executive and
        Export Offices: 50 ChurchSt.,N.Yi

 ^tevens

            Model 520 Sfevens
            repeating shotgun—

           Stevens made the
           first hammerle: s re-
           pealers. Price, inc.
           tax. $43.50

HELP WANTED-MALE

BE A DETECTIVE—EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY; good

pay; travel. Write C. T. Ludwig, 126 Westover Building,

 Kansas City, Mo.

   All men, women, boys, girls, 17 to 60. willing to accept
 Government Positions, $117—$190. traveling or stationary.
 Write Mr. Oznieut, 198. St. Louis, immediately.

  FIREMEN. BRAKEMEN, BAGGAGEMEN. SLEEPING
 CAR. Train Porters (colored). $140—|2t>0. Experience un-
 necessary. 83t> Railway Bureau, East St. Louis. 11L

  BE A RAILWAY TRAFFIC INSPECTOR! $110 to $250
 monthly, expenses paid after thre© months' spare-time study.
 Splendid opportunities. Position guarantied or money refunded.
 Write for Free Booklet CM-30. Stand. Business Training Inst.,

 Buffalo. N. Y.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

INVENTIONS WANTED ON CASH OR ROYALTY BASIS.

 Patented or unpatented. Wo have been in business 24 years.
 References. Adam Fisher Mfg. Company. 249, St. Louis, Mo.

PATENTS PROCURED—TRADE MARKS REGISTERED—

 A comprehensive, experienced, prompt service for the protection
 and development of your ideas. Preliminary advice gladly fur-
 nished without charge. Booklet of information and form for
 di»closing idea free on request. Richard B. Owen. 68 Owen
 Bldg.. Washington. D. C.. or 2278-J Woolworth Bldg.. N. Y.

  PATENTS. BOOKLET FREE. HIGHEST REFERENCES.
 BEST RESULTS. Promptness assured. Bend drawing or
 model for examination and opinion as to patentability.
 Watson E. Coleman, 624 F Street. Washington, D. C.

   PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide
 Book. "Bow To Get A* Patent.’* Send model or sketch and
 description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable
 nature. Randolph A Co.. 630 F. Washington. D. C.

  PATENTS. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE
 BOOK and record of invention blank. Send model or sketch
 and description for our opinion of its patentable nature. Firs.
 Highest References. Prompt Attention. Reasonable Terms.
 Victor J. Evans Co.. 762 Ninth. Waahington. D. C.

PETS

DOG OWNER’S TEXT BOOK FREE; expert advice on proper

 care, training and feeding. Free with 3 months' trial sub-
 scription to America's i>opu)ar dog and hunting magazine.
 Send 25c today (coin or .stamps). SPORTSMANS DIGEST,
 500 Butler Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.	_

TRADE SCHOOLS

  BEST PAYING TRADES—LEARN SIGN PAINTING—Pic-
 torial Painting—Auto Pain tint— Showcard Writing—Decorating
 —Paperhanging—Graining—Marbling. Catalog Free. The Big
 Chicago Painting School, 152 W. Austin Avenue. Chicago.

WANTED TO BUY

   Cart tor OM Gold. Platinum. Silvsr, Diamonds. Liberty
 Bondi, War, Thrift. Unused Poitaie Starnes. False Tasth. Man-
 neto Points, Jobs, any valuables. Mail in today. Cash sent
 return mail. Goods returned in ten days if you an- not satisfied.
 Ohio Smelting Co.. 301 Hippodrome Bldg., Cleveland, Ohio.

In antwerino any aivertUcment on thu page it it desirable that you mention Mit magazine.
ARGOSY ALLSTOR V—AL>VERHSI>?G SECTION.

5)

\w	w\%

Illustrated PocUet
Library in DeLuxe

It	I	IU	mWsZ'SM	\\\	\\\l Form

1	H

T2S i *

         I k4W'|,,P-- Every

;^k at^Tne 1 ITT«	Cultured Person Knows

    *k hV bla u	This Story of

°/.'	Passion and Revenge

STARTLING—shocking- — /s the story of the and the present — between you and Salome.

P beautiful love-crazed princess of ancient	Noeager> cur;ous mf„dcan spare the knowledge

Assyria, and a classic of classics. As true today	_ . . ' ^ ^ j * u

as then —a tale that repeats itself every day	th,s stor^ Nothing that pretends to be a

       of our modern life. For love and passion and	library can afford to be without this volume. And

revenge span the centuries. They create the	this is only one of twenty magnificent volumes

      bond of sympathy between the long ago	here offered you at a remarkable price.

Less than 10 cents a Volume

 Bound in Board

       The first low-cost books containing clear, big type, wide margins, and superb illustrations
       by such renowned artists as Gustav Dore, Aubrey Beardsley, E. A. Abbey, and Rene Bull

                                 j Not just a collection of flabby poorly Every man and woman needs the cultural
           r mi	/ printed booklets — but a row of sturdy influence of such books.

Ill ttlC	/ volumes bound in superior board, as The Gold Medal Library 5s an entirely

•y mw mm » / f *f	/ beautifully printed and handsomely il- new idea of book-making—unlike anything

mOIU lVMCCicll Library / lustrated as your larger books. Books you have seen before. The paper is liner.

                                  / that will thrill you, and carry you en- the type larger, clearer, and more legible,
baiyaeofOmar Khayyam.	/ tranced through romance and adven- the binding more distinctive, and the size

•r«r Thing in the World and Pax j ture—wondering that real literature can larger than in any other “little" library.
Nscum. Urummond.	/ tie so entrancing Glance at the list of Besides, the Gold Medal Library is hand-

[ ?, ° / titles. Each book is a masterpiece, but Bomely illustrated—a unique feature in low-
", Garden of Verse,. -Stevenson. / have J™ actually read them ?	priced books.

-hard's Almanac.—Franklin. /	y-v	r-~ 1 ‘ • s~\ i	S

By Fnend and Foe.	/	(JjlC tdltlOH Only	*	>

Agnes and Othci oems. I //yon don't like the booki, don’t keep them. We consider yoar money a deposit only. *

tom Ballads, Recessional, / When you see these books you will be so surprised at their superiority

id Other Poems. Kipling. / to any other low-cost book that you will wonder how we can afford to » ti i' •«'

1 Mr Hyde. Stevenson, / rnake such a bargain offer, Well we can t. We had planned originally >

Burroughs.	/ t0 ae,J these books right along for 10c, but find that this kind of	Williams.

7tract. Rousseau.	/ printing, paper, and illustrations costs too much. We will stand f	Barker

'terSeories. BretHarte. / by our original decision on this one edition to get the library go- A Company,
■eth. Allen.	/ tng. After thatthe price mustgo up to something like a proper * Cfl1

Country. Hale. / figure. 140.000 copies are already sold without one Jincof ad- /v v , r
rt. - Alien.	/ vertiaing The ones who get these books for less than > Wcw iork^ity.

/ 10care lucky. Be one of them. Act at once. Send the * p,**9e R*D<1 m* at onc® by

I coupon today.	S Parcel Post, the Gold Medal

/ No better value was ever offered than these wonderful * Library In 20 volumes, hand-

I m u.	/ little books at this, pricr. Consider your money a f somcly printed and illustrated. I

ol.-Wtldc.	/ deposit only, and if at nvy time within 5 days after > will w the portn»n *1.98 plus port-

x.indish.-Long■ / receiving the Gold Medal Library, you decide it in not * 8(r,,on*s my ful •*>* w-

             / just what you want, return it io us, and without * . m,cnt| '/ \,m "ot “‘m 1 J a

question, we will refund the entire purchase * bookv 1 "'ni retu,rn Jhemwith!n 5 d*ya “nd
pnce you I	rccciw niy money back.

> Natnc.................................

IE DAL LIBRARY,'

^It you want th# books »cnt prepild, »«nd cheek or money order
-T tor $2.26.

^ advertitement if it desirable that you mention this mairazinc.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 $20.00 Value
 Special Price
 $1385

Wrxtc/orour
Monthly Bui-
Utruqfmeu g.
iromrn 8 and
chi I dren s
clothing and
shot* All
your e loth
tha need s
supplied on
mail month

ly payment*

o C. 0. D.

Charges to Paj

6 Months to Pay

 Buy the Elmer Richards way. You can
 always be well dressed and pay in
 small monthly sums, so small you will
 never miss the expense. Money back
 if not satisfied. No charge for credit.
 Don't miss this bargain. Supply limited
 at this special bargain price.

Elmer Richards Co.

 Dept. 2278, Weit 35th Street, Chicago, 111.

 I enclose 50c. Send Moleskin

 Cloth Coat No. F-19. Sixe. ........................

  If I am not satisfied when I receive the coat 1 can return it and
  get my payment back with char ares Otherwise. I will pav ad-
  vertised terms SOc with coupon $2.25 monthly Total
  price, $13.85.

 Nam*,

 Address .

P. O .................................StaU

   Plaid

Backed

Stylish Moleskin

Cloth Coat

Down

 Send only 50c with coupon for this
 coat. Guaranteed rain proof, and is
 also suitable for stylish top coat. Made
 from moleskin cloth, a smooth, soft-
 finished material resembling chamois
 leather. Warm and comfortable m tiie
 coldest weather. Double-breasted
 belted style with stylish plaited
 pockets. Strap on sleeve. Yoke back
 with inverted plait, giving the coat
 plenty of fullness. Collar can be con-
 verted into military style, buttoning
 close up to neck or worn as shown
 in illustration. Backed with fancy
 plaid fast colored woven lining. All
 seams sewed, strapped and cemented.
 45 inches long. Sizes 34 to 46. Rich
 Leather Brown Shade.

 Order by No. F-19. Terms, 50c
 with coupon. $2.25 monthly, Total
 price, $13.85.

In anrtcerinfi tkii advtrtitcmcnt i* M d<#»rcile tkct ftm	thu me c:me.
argosy-allstory

W E. E K. L 'V

Vol. CXLVI	SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1 922	Nimbek *}

By BOICE DUBOIS

CHAPTER I.

“ THE CRACKER POT.”

ACCORDING to the ethics of literary
construction, the first chapter pro-

*	* vides a convenient vestibule wherein
the characters assemble for their formal
bow to the reader—hence the scrolling of
said “ First chapter,” within the sordid con-
fines of Chink-nail Connors’s Cracker Pot
Cafe, and that irrespective of the fact that
the fate of a kingdom was involved.

First of all we must turn the dial of time
back some thirty odd years, for the Cracker
Pot has gone the way of manv another
Cherry Hill resort that drew patronage from
1 A

  Water Street society; institutions that have
  folded their tents and stolen away, because
  they no longer dared lay down the gage
  of battle with the McAuley Mission.

    The name “ Cracker Pot ” rested on no
 ephemeral nom de phime, but was founded
 upon the substantial, though questionable
 hospitality of a barrel of crackers that al-
 ways stood in the center of Connors's bar-
 room floor. Of course this was a bif cheap,
 compared with a certain more affluent estab-
 lishment nearer the Bowery, where a thou-
 sand silver dollars were screwed to the bar-
 room floor, but it was far more acceptable
 to the Cracker Pot patrons.

    ‘‘ Bust open another barrel of crackers,”

8oi
802

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

was Connors’s oft-repeated command to one
of his aid de camps. “ You got to make
’em thoisty as a camphor ball before they’ll
irrigate.”

  Standing in the small barroom, with its
low ceiling yellow with the fumes of violent
nicotine, one could hear the throbbing life
of the Brooklyn Bridge, high overhead,
where the cable wheels of that day sang an
incessant metallic drone.

  The deep-throated whistles of the Sound
steamers might just as well have popped
their signals in Connors’s back room, so
close was the Cracker Pot to the East River,
and the gossiping bells of the old-time horse
cars were always jangling not more than a
block away. A section of New York where
the odor of tar and tobacco hung over each
alley, street and slip.

  Connors had acquired the sobriquet of
Chink-nail by assiduously nursing the
growth of the nail which decorated the little
finger of his right hand. It was a full
half inch beyond the hygenic danger zone
which prevails in polite society, but quite
orthodox, according to Chinese standards—
hence Chink-nail.

  Had you asked any of the frequenters of
the Cracker Pot: “ Do you know where
Connors came from?” they would have an-
swered: “ Sure—the Bowery.” But the
gentleman himself, in what you might term
his loquacious moods, would hint of a pre-
Bowery career; one which had culminated
in pugilistic honors; all of which the most
skeptical might have believed, after witness-
ing Connors’s modus operandi when ejecting
an undesirable.

   “ The gent is going to say * Good night,’ ”
Connors would announce, and if by reason
of stupidity the “ gent ” failed to accelerate
his departure, Connorg would invite his
Cracker Pot audience to witness the ease
with which he would speed the parting
guest. “ I'm going to put him out with four
fingers,” he would observe, meaning that he
would use his right hand without disturbing
the polished beauty of the chink nail.

  Just behind the barroom there was a
“Ladies’ Parlor” to which any stickling
patroness might have access through a hall-
way, the street door of which was uncom-
promisingly labeled: “ Ladies’ Parlor.

   In turn, behind the ladies’ parlor, there
was a roomy hall, the like of which—-pro-
viding the modem cabaret acknowledges
any embryonic prototype — must have
served as the parent stem, and as our story
opens, the raucous piano within this hall is
vibrating under the hammer touch of Mr.
Eddie Carbon, a most versatile ivory spe-
cialist, whose color harmonized with the
name he bore.

  Out in the barroom Emile, who flatly
insisted upon being called “ The Manager,”
had assumed the professional “ at rest ”
pose, which only a certain type of New York
bartender can negotiate; a bit of elegant
slouchiness, and the haughty countenance
that goes with it. He was waiting for the
return of Connors, who usually dined in
Chinatown on Saturday night.

   Facing Emile across the bar was one of
the habitues of the place; a human atom
who still bore some trace of his former dig-
nity and intelligence, but who was fast slid-
ing into the catalogue of derelicts. Even now
he was known to the Cracker Pot patrons as
“ Joie the Jug.”

   “ It’s this way, Joie,” said Emile. “ We
are dealing with crooks and 1 don't know
which way to play the game. Connors has
got the goods, but Captain Jake knows their
value—so there you are.”

   Joie was about to reply, but Emile inter-
rupted him.

  “ Easy there—easy—here comes Connors
now.”

   With toothpick perked at a jaunty angle
from the corner of his mouth, Connors
paused at the corner of the Cracker Pot
bar.

   “ Everything going all right, Emile?” he
asked.

  “ Cer’nly,” replied the white-aproned
manager.

  “ Anv word from Captain Jake?”

   “ No.”

   “ That's bad.”

   The smug satisfaction of animal comfort,
occasioned by a full meal, gave way to a
scowl that crimped the lines radiating from
Connors’s eyes, while his beauty nail beat
a speculative tattoo against the erstwhile
polished bar.

   “ No telegram or nothin'^” he asked.
CRAFTY ROGUES.

803

  '• No—just nothing.”

  “ It’s all wrong, Emile—I got to do some-
thin'. Here I am trying to run a nice, re-
spectable business, and along comes Jake
and loads me up with trouble.”

  Emile made no reply.

  “ It’s all wrong,” Connors continued.
Emile shot a long, bony finger to within
an inch of Connors’s nose; it was as square
as a piece of hemlock joist.

  “ It serves you right for mushing around
with one of your relatives,” he announced.

  “ Hold on there, Emile. He ain’t no hon-
est-to-goodness relation of mine. Jake slid
into the family album on a wedding. He’s
just the smell that sticks around wit’ th’
onion—that’s all.”

  “ All right—sooner or later Jake will eat
the onion.”

  Here Emile paused and glared at Con-
nors as if such profound logic could not
possibly fail to make an impression. Then
he leaned forward.

  “ Know what?” he finally asked.

  “ I'm listening,” was Connors’s laconic
reply.

  “ Four sailors who said they came to New
York on Captain Jake’s schooner were in
here to-night looking for you.”

  The news was evidently disquieting to
Connors. The truth was he regretted the
opportunity which had been given to Emile
to talk to with these men.

  “ What did they want?” he finally asked.
“ Said they intended to get their share
of big money, as promised by J ake, or hold
you responsible.”

  •* Me!” exclaimed Connors.

  “ Yes—you. They say that ”—here his
voice sank to a low, vibrating treble—“ a
certain foreign gov’m't would give a million
dollars to know what Jake brought into this
port.”

  “ Emile,” said Connors with a splendid
show of disinterestedness, “ you ought to
get a job telling fairy stories in some kinder -
garden.”

  “ It would be soft compared with handing
facts to some people I know of. For in-
stance, here is a nice, fat, little fact for you.
Those sailors know that Jake hid his ques-
tionable cargo right here in the Cracker
Pot, and they say that you are his partner

in the meanest conspiracy that ever got into

history.”

  Connors’s flabby cheeks lost their pinkish
glow. The versatile barman had hit hard.
It was bad enough to discover that Captain

Jake’s buccaneer crew knew something of
the possible value of the daring venture, but
far more disquieting to learn that Emile also
knew. He did not trust Emile, and now
came the question—how much information
did he really possess, and to what extent was
he twisting it for his own personal ends?
He also wondered what Emile knew con-
cerning Captain Jake's recent movements.

  However, he was not to be tortured for
any great length of time on the rack of
suspense.

  “ When this smelly relative of yours left
New York last Monday where do you sup-
pose he went?” asked Emile with a most ex-
asperating sneer.

  The question was a revelation to Connors,
who supposed that he alone possessed
knowledge bearing on Captain Jake’s secret
mission and the day of his departure. It
also filled him with apprehension. To ig-
nore Emile completely would be folly, and
yet it annoyed Connors to find that he was
being roughly shouldered by his own bar-
tender. If Emile had gained a full, or par-
tial knowledge of the monetary rewards
that were to follow the successful issue of
Jake’s venture, he would certainly demand
a share of the spoils—hence Connors’s de-
cision to assume a confidential, chatty man-
ner for the purpose of drawing the man on.

  “ I don’t hafta do no supposin’ at all,
Emile—I know,” was Connors’s reply.
“ Jake went to Washington.”

  “Yehl” was Emile’s sneering comment,
with a rising inflection that was saturated
with contempt.

  “ Sure, he went there on big business.
Excuse me, Emile, if I don’t draw you no
diagram of Captain Jake’s little trip, but
I'll say this: he’s liable to see th’ Secretary
of State down there. I don't know—maybe
Jake’s going to stay at his house all night,
talking things over, or somethin’ like that.
I tell you, Emile, it’s big.”

  “ Down in Washington!” Emile deri-
sively wagged his head.

  “ Of course. I oughta know, when I went
804

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

to the station with him, and just as the
train was starting says to him: ‘ So-long,
Jake, take good care of yourself.’ ”

  “ He couldn’t have got off that train this
side of Rahway or nothin’ like that—could
he?”

  Consternation was fast crowding surprise
from Connors’s face. There was no mis-
taking the assurance with which Emile had
asked his question.

  “ What do you mean—this side of Rah-
way?” Connors blustered.

  “ I mean that Captain Jake never went
to Washington, but came right back to
Newr York, after he kissed you good-by.
I mean that he cleared for Boston last
Tuesday. His old tub hit the Sound just
about the time you thought he’d be asking
the Secretary of State for a little more
demi-tasse.”

  Connors clutched the bar to steady him-
self. His implicit faith in Captain Jake
was shaken. He began to understand why
a full week had slipped by without receiv-
ing any word from him.

  “ I’m good for ap-a-plexy,” he moaned.
“ And me thinking that this international
bunk was easy money. Listen, Emile, there
ain’t no foreign government tremblin’ wit’
nervous prostration on account of what
Jake brought to New York and wished on
me. No easy money—no nothing. Do you
know' what that sw-ab-eared Jake’s last
words to me was?”

  “ What?”

  “ ‘ Chink-nail,’ said he, ‘ before the end of
the week, you and I will be up at the Hoff-
man House, eating with a certain foreign
ambassador. We’ll' be exchanging the re-
sults of my per’lous voyage for real money.’
That’s what he says to me, and of course,
Emile, I w'as going to look after your in-
terests, I was. There I was, saying to my-
self : Emile’s got to be in on this—and—”

  “ Sure,” interrupted Emile, who was sat-
isfied with the progress he wras making.

  “ And here I’ve been flossied by the man
I learned to call ‘ Uncle ’ at my mother’s
knee,” finished Connors with a sigh that
reflected confusion and uncertainty.

  Emile had been scrutinizing the few
Cracker Pot patrons that were scattered
about the room. Evidently he was satis-

fied, as he beckoned for Connors to accom-
pany him to the back room.

  The crestfallen autocrat obeyed without
protest.

  “ Sit down,” said Emile, pulling a chair
up to one of the tables. Then he leaned
across the board and motioned for Connors
to draw near.

  “ Jake told the truth,” he whispered.
“ You’ve got a fortune right in your hands
—something that can be turned into gold—
do you get it? Gold, I say! ”

  “ Nice words, Emile, and I gives you
credit. You mean all right.”

  “ I’m all right and I can prove it, but
first I want to ask you a question: Where
do I come in on this? Seems to me that my
interests what you was talking about ought
to be understood.”

  Emile, if I could trust my bartender as
easy as he can trust his boss we wouldn’t
need no lawyer. I’m square—I got to be—
you have been giving me quotations right
off my own stock ticker. You gets half.”

  “ All right—now, listen. Those sailors
came into this port on Captain Jake’s
schooner—didn’t they?”

  “ I suppose so.”

  “ Very well. They say that everything
is straight. I talked with them for a half
hour.”

  Connors winced.

“ This is our chance to check him up.
Where did Jake say he began this voyage?”
“ Said that he beat it up from the Gulf
of Guinea,” answered Connors, chewing on
the unlighted stub between his teeth.

  “ That agrees with my information—
what next?”

  Connors paused before answering. It
flashed through his mind that in reality he
was giving Emile more information than he
was receiving.

  “ Made his first stop at the Azores,” he
finally replied.

  “ Correct. Now get this—they were at
Fayal, where Jake’s got more friends than
he has in New York, and one of his pals
there tipped him off that the Portuguese
gov’m’t was burnin’ up the cables with mes-
sages to look out for a certain schooner that
was making for the States and to delay its
sailing—by all means.’’
CRAFTY ROGUES.

805

  “ You will have to excuse me. Emile, if

I don’t stamp my feet and whistle, like as
if I was up in the gallery at Harry Miner's

—but, honest, Emilie, these sailors don't
make no hit with me.”

  “ Why not?”

  “ Because 1 know Jake. He ain’t leaving
no valuable prop’ty behind him.”

  Emile was far too clever to belittle the
wisdom of Connors’s reply. He knew there
was some truth in it. Captain Jake was
as avaricious as he was cunning; a bold
and crafty manipulator who seldom left
anything to chance. Connors might be
right. Jake would hardly absent himself
from the place of concealment if his mys-
terious cargo was worth all he claimed.
Then again—had he really gone to Boston?

  Emile was not sure. The information
came straight enough, but even so, it might
be part of Jake’s plan to confuse the situa-
tion, for the purpose of furthering his dark
schemes.

“ Well—I’ll admit that he wouldn’t be
apt to,” said Emile, rather reluctantly,“ but
you never can tell. Anyway, I know how
vou can bring the entire thing to a head.”
“ How?”

   “ By taking a little trip to Boston. That’s
the only way you will find him.”

  The thought of surrendering such valued
revenues as the Cracker Pot receipts to the
option of his bartender cast no roseate hues
in Connors’s mind, although he saw that the
suggestion had a grain of wisdom in it.

  “ What would I do after I’got there?” he
asked.

  “ Comb the wharves until you got a line
on his schooner.”

  “ I might take Eddie Carbon with me,”
mused Connors. “ That co .>n would smell
out Jake's creaking old hulk, if he got within
a mile of it. Eddie’s the only good luck
Jake ever brought me. Honest, Emile, did
you ever hear anybody love a pianner the
way he does?”'

  “ You can't take Eddie.”

  “ Why not?”

   “ Because Jake left him here to look after
the stuff. He's the only man that dares to
go in that cellar. I wouldn’t put my head
in that pit for a block of houses. Eddie
ftaysr here.”

Then it’s all off. I don’t go to no
Boston—the Cracker Pot for mine,” saying

which, Connors strode out of the room.

  As he did so Joie the Jug slouched in
and seated himself a the table with Emile.

  “ How’s things breakin’?” he asked.

  “ Can’t say yet. You see, I’m shiftin’
round first on one leg, then on the other.
Gettin’ my information from too many dead
ones, but I'll have my bearings in the next
twenty-four hours—then I’ll know how to
act. Get out of here. I don’t want Con-
nors to see me talking to you. Beat it!”

  Connors was uneasy. In a few minutes
he returned and once more seated himself
at the table opposite Emile.

  “ Of course you can suit yourself about
this Boston trip,” said Emile. “ But I can
tell you this: if you don’t find Jake and
bring him back to New York there isn’t
going to be any Cracker Pot. Those sailors
say that you are standing in with Jake on
some deal that cuts them out, and they are
going to give you just three days to pro-
duce him. Three days, then they shoots up
the Cracker Pot. Have you got it?”

  ‘‘ That’s just my luck,” Connors moaned.

“ Here I've been slavin’ to make this a nice,
respectable, little business, and along comes
this swivel-eyed Jake and busts up my life's
savings. How’s a man goin’ to make an
honest livin’ any more? You know* all the
trouble I’ve had—what with this new re-
form—and Sunday closin’, and all that. I
tell you, Emile, it’s up wit’ the shutters for
me just as soon as the first gun pops. Why,
only last week the captain of this district
says to me: ‘ You’re doin’ all right, Connors,
but the broad highway for yours as soon as
any rough stuff commences.’ It’s a shame—
me standin’ all O. K. wit’ th’ police—
and—”

  “Shut up!” whispered Emile. “Here
comes a plaindothesman now.”

CHAPTER II.

THE BIBLE-BANCER.

THE street door bad opened and a
heavy-set. square-jawed man made his
way across the sawdust-covered floor.
Instantiy the soggy, smoke-banked at-
806

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

mosphere of the Cracker Pot seemed
charged with nervous tension. The big fel-
low’s face was far too familiar to some of
them. The “ live ones ” in front of the bar
took refuge in grim silence. In the dance
hall Eddie Carbon tame to a dead center
among the high notes of a wonderful musi-
cal wallop. There wras a restless shuffling
of feet and the face of a young woman
peered into the ladies’ parlor—it was blood-
less, strained, and gaunt.

  Connors alone was master of his nerves.
He had to be. It was his business, and,
besides that, he was a fatalist. “ You got
to let ’em pin crepe on the front door when
the undertaker comes,” was one of his pet
maxims.

  All formalities were dispensed with by
the clean-cut representative of the law. He
walked straight up to Connors.

  “ The captain wants to see you,” he an-
nounced.

  “ Sure,” responded Connors, replacing the
frayed cigar with a fat, poisonous looking
member.

  “ Right away,” added the brisk minion of
the law.

  “ Of course,” replied Connors, who in
some respects was now at his best. He had
no idea what the peremptory summons
might signify, and at the moment did not
know what scheme of evasion he would em-
ploy if the captain’s object was to question
him concerning Jake’s mysterious enterprise.
One thing, however, was certain: this was
no raid on the Cracker Pot.

  He moved toward the door with the offi-
cer. Standing near it was the Cracker
Pot’s oldest customer—Joie the Jug. Under
ordinary circumstances Connors would have
ignored him, but now he was willing to
capitalize even this small and meager asset.
He was likewise desirous of flashing a mes-
sage to Eddie Carbon, who had hurried for-
ward as soon as the first note of alarm had
reached the dance hall.

  Therefore, in passing out, Connors patted
the forlorn weakling on the back and said:
“ Look here, Joie, how many times have I
asked you to quit spending in this place?
You got a family, Joie, and I hopes I won't
have to ask you no more to stay out of
here.”

  Then with a warning wink to the negro,
he added: “ Eddie, I’m going out for a few
minutes with my frien’ here, so look after
all of my interests in the back room while
I’m gone—will yuh—Eddie?”

  As Connors passed out with his “ frien’ ”
the negro hurried into the dance hall, where
he lifted a trap door in the rear of the
piano platform and disappeared into the
black shadows below.

  On his way to the station house Connors's
mind was active. He was extremely anxious
to learn whether Captain Jake’s nefarious
project had anything to do with what he felt
was to be a third degree session, and won-
dered if the “ special ” at his side knew. He
decided to approach the subject as adroitly
as possible.

  “ Did you see that black man?” he asked.

  “ Yes.”

  “ He’s the best pianner tickler in America.
He can choke a pianner to death with its
own harmony.”

  Connors's jocularity was not drawing the
applause he anticipated, but an overpower-
ing desire to coax the officer into conversa-
tion impelled him to blunder on: “ Yep,
he’s a wonder. Ain’t had him long, either.
He came in on a schooner with a relative
of mine; a trip around the world, or some-
thin’ like that.”

  It was no use. If this silent, reserved
officer knew aught of Captain Jake's bold
venture, or of Connors’s affiliated interests,
it was not his intention to divulge it.

  Therefore, silence reigned until they
mounted the station house steps between
the flickering green lights. Then he spoke.

  “ Wait here,” he commanded, indicating
a small room opposite the captain’s head-
quarters.

  A moment later the officer stood before
the desk.

  “ Did you bring him?” asked the captain
while a grim sort of smile flickered under
his heavy mustache.

  “ Yes, sir.”

 “ Tell me—have we got anything on
him?”

  “ Very little. He’s clever and to a cer-
tain extent square. The scum of the river
front gather there every night, but some-
how he manages to hold them in line. In
CRAFTY ROGUES.

807

starting a round-up, it’s the first place I
look for my man. as he will go there sooner

or later.”

   “ They’ll nest there as long as the place is
open, but scatter when it’s closed—is that
the idea?”

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Well, if we can keep a bit of wholesome
fear in this man Connors it will serve our
purpose better to let him remain open, for
a while at least, but at the same time we
have got to make some concession to the
wave of reform that is now sweeping the
city. The whole town has jumped into this
uplift game, and it is growing by the
hour. My friends uptown telephoned again
right after you left. They wanted to know
if I had found a place for them. This was
what I had in mind in sending for Con-
nors. Some of the best people in New York
are behind the movement, and I want them
to feel that the department indorses their
action.”

  Here the telephone rang and the captain
picked up the receiver and listened atten-
tively.

  “ Not yet,” he said, evidently responding
to some question. “ Call me up in five
minutes. Yes, I will be ready in that time.”

  Again he turned to the plainclothesman.

  “ The past record of this man. Can we
play it up?”

  “ That’s the strange end of it. He’s
clean. I’ll tell you what you can do. though.
Rake up the reputation of the place before
he took it over.”

  “ Fine—bring him in.”

  Connors entered with the evident inten-
tion of sustaining his jocose mood. His
mouth was set with a stage-property smile
that congealed into an expression of inde-
cision the moment he caught sight of Cap-
tain Wallers’s stern countenance.

  The officer who had ushered him into the
chamber of torture was an adept in the art
of administering all those chilling injections
which are supposed to benumb the human
ego upon such an occasion.

  “ Stand here,” he commanded. “ A little
farther over—there. Give me that hat.
Take the dribble of tobacco from your
chin.”

In the meantime the captain had not

deigned to look up; when he finally did so
it was to plunge into his subject:

  " I'm getting some bad reports about you,
Connors, and I’m thinking of closing you
up.”

  The perspiration could be seen to form
across Connors’s brow.

  “ Captain, I tells you the truth—I'm
jumping in me sleep with nervousness to
keep that place right. Honest, there ain't
been no gents robbed, or suicides, or noth-
ing. Just ask the boys, captain. There
ain’t a scratch on the blotter against me.”

  “ What’s that?” thundered the captain.
“ That place has given us more trouble than
any other resort in the precinct.”

  “ Sure, but, captain, I asks you, please.
Give me a chance. That was before my
time—honest! ”

  Connors again turned to the officer.

  “ Did you see Joie—the fellow I spoke
to? He’s an example of that place before
I came—lost all he had, and now I'm trying
to make a man of him.”

    Who ran that den before this man came
along?” asked the captain.

  “ It was a gambling house,” answered the
officer, “ and must be crooked from the
foundation up, because we made four raids
the year before you came to this precinct
and always found it empty by the time we
broke in.”

  “ Order out a detail of men—I shall in-
vestigate that place myself.”

  If Connors had turned white before he
was ghastly now. The mere thought of
such a thing paralyzed him. At an}- other
time it might have been turned to his ulti-
mate advantage, but now! What sort of
an explanation could he make concerning
the revelations that would surely follow the
moment the captain entered the cellar under
the dance hall? Was ever a man in so much
trouble, he thought? What a horrible mess!

  The minutes went by. Connors could
hear the preparations that were going for-
ward in the next room. This was the end,
so far as he was concerned.

  Again the telephone on the captain’s desk
rang.

  “ Hello—no—not yet,” said the captain,
“ but an idea has just come to me. Hold
the line a moment.”
808

ARGOSY -ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Then he turned to Connors.

‘‘ How large is that dance hall of yours?”
Thirty by sixty/’ replied Connors.

" How would a room thirty by sixty do?"
questioned the captain through the receiver.

  " Yes—you can get that," he added.

  As he finished speaking, Connors noted
that his mood had changed.

  “ I shall defer my examination of your
place, Connors, for the present. A personal
friend of mine uptown—a young clergyman
—wants to come down in my precinct to-
night. and hold a mission service. That was
him on the wire. I want you to let him
have the Cracker Pot. Does it go?"

  At any other time Connors would have
stood aghast at such a proposition, but now
it loomed up in front of him as a miracle.
This would give him time to think: time to
locate Captain Jake and disentangle him-
self from an unsavory alliance. Certainly
the captain's friend could have the dance
hall—why. Captain Wallers had almost
asked it as a personal favor. There was
no doubt in Connors's mind as to what kind
of a man this gospel sharp was. It was
quite clear to him. He was a squirrel—a
bit of a religious nut, but never mind. Cap-
tain Wallers had made the request.

  Great possibilities began to swirl through
his mind. What was the loss of one night's
receipts to the possible advertising that
might follow if Newspaper Row saw good
copy in this Cracker Pot meeting. Why
not boost it—make it a howling success?
Steve Brody had to jump off the Brooklyn
Bridge before the silk hats and top coats
began to come down from Fifth Avenue.
This would be soft in comparison.

  •• Leave it to me, captain," he replied with
a dramatic wave of the hand. “ Leave it
to me. Ill make that bunch of dock rats
in the Cracker Pot get religion if you say
this Bible-banger is on the level.”

  ‘‘ I guess they need it,” the captain an-
swered.

  .As Connors went down the station house
steps the officer who had summoned him
turned to Captain Wallers, whose face was
expanded in a huge grin.

  •• Not so bad—was it?” questioned the
captain.

  “ I should say not.” responded the officer.

*	But if you had made your request without
setting up the scenery he would have re-
fused.”

  “ I was aware of that," said the captain,
taking up the telephone for the purpose of
notifying his friends that they might avail
themselves of the use of the Cracker Pot
for the proposed meeting.

  As Connors walked back to his establish-
ment confidence returned. The mental jam
began to break up. Captain Wallers did
not know of Jake’s mysterious use of the
dance hall cellar—that was the first big
stick to slide into placid waters and. so far
as Connors was concerned, it was the key
log.

  Entering the dance hall he saw that the
flow of spirits, both animal and distilled,
had become normal under the inspiration
of Eddie Carbon’s music—some of his own
steam-drill compositions.

  A few moments later both the negro and
Emile went into secret conference with Con
nors and were evidently satisfied with the
latter's report and the declaration that so
far as his trip to the station house was con-
cerned ‘‘ there was nothing to it.”

  Then he made his way to the platform.

  “ Frien's,” he began. “ you got to hand
it to Chink-nail Connors for keeping every-
body happy. You know—just like one big
family. And now you is all going to do me
a personal favor, and maybe I'm going to
put your picters in the papers. There’s a
frien' of mine uptown that's the barker for
a nice, respectable congregation, and he
says to me, * Connors, I hears a whole lot
about your place, and some night I want
to come down and put the gospel syringe
right into the hearts of them frien s of
yours.'

  £- * Certainly.' I says to him. So he's com-
ing down to-night—see? And we all got to
be nice and polite. You know how it is—
some of you ought to get kind of sore
about your past life. Of course, I ain't go-
ing to ask no one to do anything that’s
against his self-respect, or nothing like that,
but I got to do something that will be classy
—for my frien'. So I'm going to ask Joie
to try and bust up the meetin’—that 11
give me a chance to run Joie out, and be
treatin' this gospil man square."
CRAFTY ROGUES.

809

  “ I ought to get about two dollars for
that—huh?” said Joie from the audience.

  “ Leave it to me, Joie; leave it to me.
Then, if no one objects, we’ll have Emile
come walking down to the platform, unty-
ing his apron. He’s goin’ to walk right up
and say: ‘ I’m through wit’ rum.’ That ’11
be a good one. And now, kind frien’s, I
thanks you. Shoot a little harmony there,
Eddie, will yuh?”

  To the credit of the nondescript assembly
of Cracker Pot patrons but one applauded
Connors’s announcement, and that was Joie
the Jug, whose monetary interest prompted
the outburst.

  Even Eddie Carbon’s masterpiece, where-
in the correct staccato touch was secured
by shooting a bullet at the big brass gong
on the wall, failed to dispel the near-gloom
that seemed about to settle.

  Of the forty odd men and women six
walked out.

  Much sooner than Connors had believed
it possible the street door opened, and Cap-
tain Wallers’s official representative ushered
a small group of mission workers into the
Cracker Pot. The party consisted of four
men and two women. The former carried
a small portable melodeon, which they
placed upon the dance hall platform.

  The clergyman, whom Connors had desig-
nated as the Bible-banger, was a young
man, not over twenty-six. He was about
five foot ten in height, and as clean as
the proverbial whistle in limb and carriage.
As he walked to the rear of the hall Connors
noted the free swing and springy step of a
man in perfect health.

  There was no patronizing condescension
in the greeting he exchanged with Connors.
It was an honest grasp of the hand, accom-
panied by a wholesome smile.

    Without confusion this little group seated
themselves on the platform, and the clergy-
man assumed leadership.

    “ Miss Danvin will sing for us,” he an-
nounced.

    A young woman took her place at the in-
strument. She was dressed in white, and
every line of her face reflected idealism and
refinement.

    As her mellow contralto notes voiced the
  words of a simple hymn silence reigned.

  It was a voice rich in sympathy and it
carried the gracious personality of the sing-
er to every sin-tamished soul in the Cracked
Pot audience. Even Connors recognized the
folly of attempting to stage his crude drama
of “ repentant sinners.”

  Emile had tiptoed his way into the bar-
room. Joie the Jug had followed him.

  Connors found himself staring, stupidly,
at the young clergyman. He seemed to be
fascinated. Where had he seen him before?

  As the singer concluded there was a mo-
ment of silence, and in that brief space
something occurred which startled every one
in the hall. It was a low growl that appar-
ently came from beneath the floor and might
have emanated from a human throat, except
for its peculiar volume. This alone wTas
sufficient to alarm, but, accompanied as it
was by the distinct clank of a chain, it
caused a thrill of apprehension to sweep
over the audience.

  Eddie Carbon arose from his seat, but
sank back as Connors signaled him to re-
main quiet.

  It was the training of the clergyman that
bridged the situation. He was accustomed
to interruptions. Quick to divert the minds
of a distracted audience, ignoring the
strange occurrence, he stepped to the front
of the platform and began to speak.

  There was no text; no reduction of sacred
multiples by a common denominator of
slang; no priestly monotones; no eloquent
flights. It was a simple talk as one who
would speak—man to man.

  “ I have no patience with the man who
tells me that life is easy, for I know that
there is a tragedy in every human heart. If
I but knew some of you better, I am sure
that I would find men of heroic mold. I
believe that there are men here who would
go the limit to help a pal. Friends, this is
the best within you, coming to the surface;
the bit of good within mankind—floating,
because it was made to ride the troubled
waters. Listen, men, it is more. It is God’s
life preserver for humanity. The life belt
that will hold you up until the Great Skip-
per sends out the long boat to rescue you
from the tempestuous seas.”

  In this simple fashion he ended his talk,
and no one was more surprised than Connors
810

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

to discover that it was all over. But there
could be no mistake. The clergyman had
stepped down from the platform for the
purpose of shaking hands with his audience.

  Once more Connors scrutinized the
clergyman’s face carefully. Where had he
seen him before? One thing was certain—
it was during the pre-Bowery days.

   “ Mr. Connors, we want to thank you for
the use of your hall and hope that you will
allow us to come again. I feel assured that
some of these people would favor me with
their friendship,” said the clergyman, ap-
proaching Connors.

   “ Sure, they will,” responded the proprie-
tor. “ Cer’nly, they’ll be frien’s wit’ you.
Say—if they likes you down here they’ll
shoot th’ whiskers offen anybody that’s sore
on you. All you got to do is tell ’em—see?
Just point ’em out and say: ‘ There’s a gent
whose face I don’t like.’ Bing—off goes his
spinich.”

  Whereupon the young clergyman gave
evidence of possessing the saving grace of
humor, for he laughed—long and heartily.

   “ That’s fine,” he said. “ And now, Mr.
Connors, I will bid you good night—come
and see me some time.”

   As the street door closed behind the mis-
sion party, Connors saw the folly of trying
to mix religion and pleasure in the Cracker
Pot punch bowl—at least, from the stand-
point of profit. Within ten minutes the
place was empty. Eddie had made for the
trapdoor at the moment of the mission
workers’ departure. Emile was talking to
Joie the Jug—the only person in the bar-
room. Therefore Connors seated himself
at one of the tables to think.

  “ Well, he’s scrapped the night’s re-
ceipts!” was the burden of his intellectual
labor. “ But I like him. Who'd ’a’ thought
it? He’s human.”

  Just then one of the mission party re-
turned for some music, which had been for-
gotten.

  “ ’Scuse me,” said Connors, “ but what
synagogue does this preaching gent of yours
work in?”

  “ He is the pastor of a Madison Avenue
church,” was the smiling answer.

  “ Do you mind writing his name on a
piece of paper?”

  “ Glad to do it.”

  Without thanking him, Connors leaned
forward on the table and studied the bit of
paper. Occasionally he would lean back
and gaze at the ceiling, then renew his fixed
attention to the name on the slip before
him. At last a smile came over his face.

  “ It’s him! Who’d ’a’ thought it? The
smart little divil.”

  The words were scarcely uttered when
a burly figure dropped into a chair on the
opposite side of the table. Then a second
stalwart chap appropriated the one next to
him. Following them came a third, and
finally a fourth man.

  They were the sailors who were so anx-
ious to meet Captain Jake.

CHAPTER III.

“ THE JUGGLING SAILOR.”

THEY were as merciless a looking quar-
tet as ever trod the deck of a ship;
grizzled dogs of the sea of an age now
long since passed.

  “ Hot rum is what we drinks, and it’s go-
ing to be qn the house,” announced the lead-
er, striking the table with his fists so hard
that even the matches seemed frightened
and jumped out of the conical little recep-
tacle which held them. The other three
nodded in approval.

  Then all four glared at Connors.

  “ Of course,” he replied. “ Emile, bring
four brimstones for th’ rummies.”

  “ And after that—four more,” shouted
the leader to Emile.

  Connors had become hard as nails.
Selfishness might prompt him to whine a.
bit when his personal interests were touched,
but he was no coward. Far from it. He
took a bunch of keys from his pocket, threw
them on the table and with freezing sar-
casm remarked:

    This one opens the front door, that one
the safe, and if you’ll run in to-morrow I’ll
introduce you at the bank.”

  “ Cut th’ funny stuff,” warned the gruff
leader with a slicing thrust of his hand
across the board. Then he frowned at his
companions, as if to assure them of his
frightful frame of mind.
CRAFTY ROGUES.

811

  “ Sure,” said Connors. “ And now that
we all got seats we will ask the wild man
from Borneo to bring out his little box of
tricks so the show can start. What you
got up your sleeve?”

  ‘‘Where is Captain Jake?” asked the
leader, leaning across the table.

  “ I don’t know,” was Connors’s curt re-
ply.

  The big ruffian riveted his gaze on Con-
nors as if he would draw the truth from
him at all hazards, and his rage was fanned
by the evasive answer.

  “ You lie!” he shouted.

  Connors was a prizefighter, and these few
words had always formed the verbal prelude
that led to trouble. In an instant he had
found his feet—and just as quickly changed
his mind and sunk back into his chair.
There was nothing charitable about this
change of heart. It had been prompted
by the persuasive powers of three wicked-
looking guns that had suddenly appeared on
the table.

  The big sailor had not moved, or shown
any excitement. On the contrary, he had
tilted his chair back and was smiling. It
was a brutal sort of grin, and at the moment
Connors was fascinated by its glint of clev-
erness. Throughout the evening, problems
had been assailing Connors with great rapid-
ity and he therefore found it comparatively
easy to entertain another one. Who was
this big bmte of a sailor? Had he been a
member of Captain Jake’s crew? He
glanced at the fellow’s hands and was star-
tled to discover they were long and slim.
They were deft and flexible, while the hands
of his companions were tar-stained at every
crack and lin Then again the man’s
speech was not that of the Water Street
sailor. It was too glib. Too oily, by far.

    “ I hopes you won’t leave ’fore the show
is over,” the big one continued. “ We all
hopes that—don't we, mates? You see, I
don’t do no tricks. I juggles.”

   He had brought his chair down again
  with all four legs resting on the floor, and
  was leaning back in an easy attitude. At
  the same time he had drawn a murderous-
  looking dirk from his belt and was toying
  with it.

    “ I juggles—I does,” he repeated.

  Then, without looking up, but with eyes
fastened upon Connors, he tossed the ivory-
handled blade ceilingward, as if it mattered
not how high it might soar, or what might
happen.

  Connors followed the turning, flashing
blade in its flight—saw it strike, point up-
ward, in the ceiling, where it quivered for an
instant—then fell, striking the table, point
downward, where it penetrated to the depth
of a full half inch.

  It was the cold, calculating precision of
the thing that made such an impression
upon Connors.

  “ Now,” said the big fellow, “ I asks you
again—where is this here Captain Jake?”

  Connors, who had been weighing every
word and act, caught the false ring of the
words “ this here.” Had this juggling sailor
been a member of Jake’s crew he would
have asked: “ Where is Captain Jake?”

  “ Looka here, gents,” began Connors,
wishing to evade the issue, “ you’re off your
course. I ain’t no human lighthouse.
What’s the idea, anyway, coming to me?”

  “ Easy answered,” replied the big chap.

“ We comes because you is the monkey
that’s going to thrown down the coconut.
You climbs the tree. Jake came to New
York because he knew that you were
crooked enough to help him put his deal
over—that was what he told us—not so,
lads?”

  The three sailors nodded their confirma-
tion.

  “ The minute he gets here he tries to
throw us dowTi, so we comes to you. He’s
a nice one, he is, to go and hide on his pals,
but we knows who’s going to smoke him out.
Yes, sir! ”

  A brilliant idea came to Connors. He
would tell them the truth, so far as he knew
it. His faith in Jake and his wild scheme
was on the wane. The secret he was carry-
ing had become burdensome. It was deep
stuff. At best, he could not grasp it. Be-
tween the revelations made in part by Jake,
the insinuations of Emile, the demands of
the sailors, and Captain Wallers’s threat to
give the Cracker Pot the regulation acid
test, he was sick of it all. As it stood, they
all seemed to have more information than
he did. All he knew was that Jake had
812

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

loaded him up with trouble. Let these salt-
air sniffers comb the Boston Harbor them-
selves if they wanted to find Captain Jake
so badly. As for himself, he was not sure
that Jake had gone there. If he could
have been fooled about Washington, Emile
might have also been led astray concerning
Boston. At any rate, the whole business
was slippery.

   “ I’ll tell you the truth,” he said.

   “ That’s it—now we are getting a bit of
breeze in our canvas.”

   “ He’s in Boston.”

  “ That’s it—that’s it. How soon can
you get him back to New York?”

  “How soon! Say, I’ve told you where
he is; now go after him yourself.”

  “ Nothing doing, Mr. Chink-nail. We
don’t do business that way. We got to
stay right here under the coconut tree. Lis-
ten, we gives you three days to bring him
back to New York. Three days, mind you,
and if you don’t deliver this dog-eared skip-
per by that time, we shoots the Cracker
Pot so full of holes it ’11 look like a starry
night.”

   With this ultimatum, they all arose and
walked toward the barroom, while Connors
remained seated at the table.

   At the door they paused and the juggling
sailor collected the three guns; one from
each of his companions. Following this he
motioned for them to stand aside. Then
with his right hand he began to juggle
with the three weapons—tossing them in
the air, and catching them as easy as if
they were wooden balls.

   As Connors watched the sailor did some-
thing which startled him, although he was
more or less familiar with the work of pro-
fessional jugglers.

   In rapid succession, without disturbing
the order of the revolving guns, he had
fired each one as it came to his hand, send-
ing each bullet with a crash against Eddie
Carbon’s musical gong, and when the last
shot had been fired all three guns were
still circling through the air, whirling about
in a drift of smoke.

   As each bullet struck the bell clanged.

   “ How many times did I ring the gong?”
asked the big fellow as he handed his com-
panions their respective weapons.

  “ Three,” was Connors’s prompt reply.

  “ Right—one for each day. Three of
’em in which to produce this skunk of a cap-
tain.”

   Here he bestowed a grin of confidence on
his villainous-looking companions, after
which they walked out of the Cracker Pot.

   Connors remained seated at the table for
some time. He thought that there might
be some trick involved, and momentarily ex-
pected their return. Not until Emile's face
appeared at the door did he move.

  “ What did I tell you?” his bartender
questioned with brazen effrontery.

   Had Connors followed his inclinations at
that particular moment, he would have
licked his bartender, and it is reasonable to
assume that the job would have redounded
to his credit, as his nerves were a bit ragged.
However, wisdom prevailed.

  He arose and went to the door where
Emile stood.

  “ Did you ever read the lives of any of
the big captains of industry?” he asked, ey-
ing Emile menacingly.

   “ Certainly.”

  “ Well, all them fellows made big for-
tunes by minding their own business. Beat
it—I’ll ring a bell when I want you.”

  Then he pushed him through the door-
way, after which he locked the door.

   Again he seated himself at the table, and
tried to catch some dangling thread of
thought that would help to unravel the fast-
tangling mass of mysterious events. Finally
he went behind the platform and rapped on
the trapdoor. “ Come up, Eddie,” he called
in low tones.

  The negro promptly responded to the
call.

  “ Did you hear any shooting?” asked
Connors.

  “ Sure—somelxnly was bustin’ lead on
mah musical gong,” was Carlxm’s reply.

  “ Eddie, I want to ask you an important
question. Did you have a sailor on board
Jake’s schooner who could juggle with
knives and things?”

  “ Sure—they was all jugglers on board
the Bessie Bowles. Sword swallowers, wif
beans on ’em. That’s all.”

  “ Nobody on board that could do any
fancy work? You know—” Connors illus-
CRAFTY ROGUES.

813

trated by giving a dumb show of catching
objects from the air.

  “ No, boss, nothin’ like that. Only just
dumb stuff.”
u Then somebody is trying to put some-
thing over,” said Connors.

  Once more he sat down to think, while
Eddie Carbon returned to his charge.

  For the first time Connors was confused.
He tried to recall the vague, indefinite prom-
ises of fabulous wealth that had been made
by Captain Jake, the details of which were
to be divulged as soon as the skipper re-
turned from Washington. Bit by bit he
tried to piece it all together; all the myste-
rious fragments, starting with Jake’s voyage
from New York seven years before. Con-
nors was a younger man then, and Jake
had swayed his mind by wondrous stories
of adventure.

  Jake, at that time, was his idol. He
winced as he thought of it. Could it have
been possible that he had actually been
so foolish as to induce some of his friends
to back Jake's hair-brained scheme? Every-
body was to be made rich from that Congo
venture. Jake could be trusted—he was
square. The stuff was there and the dumb
natives did not know its value. No one
really knew whether it was diamonds, gold,
or ivory; but the stuff was there, just wait-
ing for some one to come and scoop it.
Certainly Jake knew—why, he could have
married an African queen on one of his
trips if he had wanted to. It sure was easy.

  Seven years—then Jake showed up one
night. Could he make use of the Cracker
Pot? Certainly, but what for? Oh, he
would explain the whole thing next day.

  That night Jake reached the Cracker Pot
about 2 A.M. Extreme caution was neces-
sary. Jake would allow a light in the cellar
only. Had it not been for the corner street
lamp both the barroom and the dance hall
would have been in total darkness. Several
queer-looking bundles were carried in and
a host of foreign smells accompanied them.
There were also vague shapes that silently
passed Connors in the darkness. The whole
thing was creepy and it made him uncom-
fortable—so much so that Jake was afraid
he would weaken, and told him to stay out
of the cellar.

  “Just 'tend to your business and leave
everything to Eddie Carbon—that is what 1
brought him along for,” Jake had said. And
now he had mysteriously disappeared. For
the first time Connors was just as anxious
as anybody else to locate this slippery skip-
per. In fact, it was absolutely necessary
to find him. The worst of it was he could
not trust Emile. Were it not for this he
would chance the Boston trip and take the
midnight express.

  He started to look at his watch, and in
doing so, became aware of the fact that the
little slip of paper with the clergyman’s
address’on it was still in his hand.

  He slowly unrolled it.

  Then a smile broke over Connors’s wor-
ried face.

  “ I got it, and so help me Bob, I’ll do it,”
he exclaimed.

  Within a half hour Connors boarded a
train at Chatham Square for the purpose
of executing what he considered to be a
most brilliant scheme.

CHAPTER IV.

THE LADIES’ PARLOR.

AS his train rattled north through the
^ Bowery Connors again studied his
bit of crumpled paper. This was
the name written by the mission worker:

The Rev. Bruce De Lisle.

  “If he's a regular guy he'll do it,” mut-
tered Connors.

  At Fifty-Third Street he left the train', and
descending to the street once more examined
the valued slip of paper. The address given
proved to be in one of the most aristocratic
sections of the city, a part of New' York
that had been erected in the brownstone age
-—that pre-victrola and antipianola period,
in which the silk hat and Brewster carriage
were still found among the flora and fauna
of Fifth Avenue.

  Within ten minutes after leaving the Ele-
vated station Connors stood before the mas-
sive residence that had the honor of being
the rectory of the most fashionable church
in Manhattan.

  Had the broad stone steps before him
814

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

been the Golden Stairs they would have
made no greater impression on Connors.

   “ I’ll bet myself a new hat I don’t get in.”
Discouragement overwhelmed him as he
stood in the vestibule fumbling for the bell.

  A moment later the door was opened by
a butler whose dignity was in keeping with
the correctness of his apparel. For a mo-
ment it staggered Connors to find himself
confronted by an array of brass buttons so
suggestive of the police department. In
fact, he missed saluting by a very narrow
margin.

  “ Is—the—er—” he began, edging nearer
the light so as to get the exact form of
clerical address from his paper.

  “ The—er—” He was forced to give it
up. “ You know—his nibs—is he in?”

  “ Do you refer to the Rev. Bruce de
Lisle?” asked the punctilious butler.

  “ Sure, tell his reverence that the Hon.
Chink-nail Connors, of the Cracker Pot
Cafe, has came.”

  Connors was trying to hide his embarrass-
ment under a cloak of paralyzing good
humor.

  “ Yes, sir,” said the diplomatic servant,
without moving an inch.

  “ What you got—sore feet?” asked Con-
nors, sarcastically.

  “ I beg your pardon, sir. Whom did you
say had called?”

  “ They ain’t no ‘ had ’ about it. I’m
here now.”

  “ Did you say ‘ Connors ’?” asked the
horrified butler.

  “ Yes, sweetheart.”

  “ Very well, sir. He’s in his study. I’ll
see if it will be convenient for him to grant
an audience.”

  “ Hold on,” exclaimed Connors. “ Let’s
get a new deck and play the game without
the joker. Come out on the pezaza and
pipe the street. They ain’t no audience
waiting to see him—just me, Chink-nail
Connors—that’s all.”

  By this time the unusual commotion at
the door had aroused the curiosity of Bruce
de Lisle and he came down from his study.

  “ Connors! ” he exclaimed. “ Well—well.
Come in.”

  Had he been one of the church wardens.
Connors could not have received a more

cordial greeting and soon found himself
seated in the aforesaid study on the second
floor.

  “ Now, Mr. Connors, what can I do for
you?” asked the clergyman, who, although
a trifle nonplused by the speed with which
Connors had accepted his invitation to call,
was nevertheless prepared for almost any-
thing.

  To his surprise, Connors was finding it
difficult to proceed. Seated on the edge of
his chair, he was evidently undergoing the
tortures of uncertainty. First he would grin
as if anticipating momentary recognition.
Then his hands, as if conscious of their
valued aid to speech, would attempt a
dumb show of responsiveness. At last his
mouth opened.

  “ I want you to come down and run the
Cracker Pot for me while I go to Boston,”
said Connors without batting an eye.

  The Rev. Bruce de Lisle was a man of
keen perception. He seldom made the error
of underestimating his man. Each human
unit that crossed his path was to be met
with an open mind, considered without bias.
He had no idea what was behind Connors’s
startling request, but would treat the man
that had made it with respect. The psy-
chological study alone would be worthy of
his patience and further interest.

  “ Why do you come to me, Connors, a
perfect stranger, with a request of this
character?” he quietly asked.

  Instead of answering Connors gave a
hurried glance about the room, then he
arose and opened the door leading to the
hall, as if to make sure that the officious
butler was not within hearing.

  “ Mr. Bruce,” he began, “ you haven't
got me, and you didn’t get me to-night
when I met you in the Cracker Pot, but I’m
square and I got the goods wit’ me. I asks
you fair—do you remember this?”

  Pushing back the chairs he cleared a
small space in front of the now astonished
clergyman. Then he threw himself into the
aggressive crouch of the pugilist, and as
light as a rubber ball, danced about what—
to him—was evidently the focal center of
an imaginary punching bag. His ease and
grace were phenomenal; a veritable wildcat
on springs.
CRAFTY ROGUES.

815

  As he paused there was an exclamation of
 recognition from the young clergyman.

  “ That is Jimmie Connors’s third lesson
 in shadow punching. I did not recognize
 you.”

  “ Sure,” said Connors as they clasped
 hands.

  Even as Connors had taken his “ first posi-
 tion ” the full significance of the strange
 request and the man’s right to make it, had
 swept through the mind of Bruce de Lisle,
 but for the moment he was amused by the
 cleverness with which the memories of other
 days had been conjured up. “ The really
 good days.” True, it was the big things
 that had made those student days at New
 Brunswick worth while, and Connors’s
 Athletic Club had no right to any such
 classification—all this he knew. But the
 mere recollection of the fellows who used
 to gather there—the freedom from restraint
 —the tests of physical strength. Oh, there
 were a thousand splendid memories that
 welled up!

   One of his treasured photographs was
 that of an old building down on the river
 front near the bottling works; a dingy
 butcher shop below—Connors’s club on the
 floor above.

   “ Do you remember the night I was in-
 troduced to the club, Connors?” he asked.

   “ Do I remember?” said Connors. “ The
 night I tried you out—don’t be afraid,
 says I. Shoot out your mitt—I’m here to
 get killed, I am. And then—oh, Lizzie!
 The mule kicked, and the lightening came.
 Also the floor came up and stuck splinters
 in my curly locks, and I went to sleep and
 heard the angels sing.”

   The Rev. Bruce de Lisle was enjoying
 the best all-around laugh he had indulged
 in for years—a laugh that was medicine to
 his bones. The silliest kind of mirth tears
 were blinding his eyes.

   “ And in due season—you came back,”
  added Bruce.

    “ Sure, in due season,” said Connors. “ I
  lifts my head from the floor and asks: ‘ Was
  many citizens killed by the earthquake?’ ”
  “ But it never made any difference in our
  friendship—did it?” questioned the smiling
  clergyman.

   “ Make any difference! Sure, it made

a difference. That was why I loved you.
Listen, Mr. Bruce. I’m square. I tells the
truth, I does. The day you took a chance
and bucked the river in the worst flood the
old town ever knew—you remember it?—
you were all in, and threw up your hands—
threw ’em up and yelled ‘ Help!’ Do you
know why I said my prayers quick and
kicked in after you, Mr. Bruce?”

   “ W’hy, Connors?”

   “ Because I remembered that punch.”

   “ And after you had rolled the yellow
waters of the Raritan out of me I said:

‘ Connors, you have saved my life. Call
on me whenever I can be of any service to
you.’ ”

   For the first time during the conversation
 Connors’s head sagged a bit.

   “ That’s what’s bothering me, Mr. Bruce.
I don’t want you to think that I’m going
to rock the boat. I—you know. I cashed
in on that promise once before.”

   Bruce smiled. “ You refer to my invest-
ment in the Congo Products Company?” he
asked.

   Connors expressed his affirmation by a
sheepish nod that gave evidence of his em-
barrassment.

   “Tell me,” continued Bruce, “whatever
became of the seafaring relative of yours—
did he ever come back?”

  “ That’s my trouble right now, Mr.
Bruce, and this is the only time in my life
that I regrets my lack of education.”

  “ Why, Connors?”

   “ I could do so much better if I knew
just what kind of nice polite cuss words
I could use in talking to you about this
yellow-skinned, puppy-eyed, soggy—”

   “ Easy, Connors,” interrupted the young
clergyman. “ I overheard part of your con-
versation at the door and on the strength
of that will suggest that we start all over
with a new deck—and make it a clean one
this time. What has Captain Jake done
now?”

   As Connors was about to launch out into
a full recital of his troubles the door bell
rang.

   “ Just a moment, Connors. I think that
this caller is also an old friend of yours.
Andrew Bailey—do you remember the
name?”
816

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “Fat Andy?”

•	“ Yes, I think we used to call him that
at New Brunswick. He usually drops in
Saturday night, and I know he will be glad
to see you. Do not hesitate about relating
your troubles concerning Captain Jake in
his presence, as he will undoubtedly remem-
ber him.”

  As Bruce de Lisle surmised, his caller
proved to be Andrew Bailey, the self-ap-
pointed advisory board of one in the mun-
dane affairs of his clerical friend. Also
New York correspondent of the Chicago
Clarion.

  The warmth of Bailey’s greeting gave
Connors the assurance he seemed to be in
need of, whereupon he poured out his full
measure of woe. As he concluded Bruce de
Lisle spoke:

  “ But, Connors, you have not made it
clear at all as to what the captain has stored
away in the Cracker Pot cellar.”

  “ Do you know why?” asked Connors.

  “ I haven’t the slightest idea.”

  “ Because I’m ashamed to tell you how
little I know about it, and if I told you even
that much you might not go down.”

  “ And yet you ask me to assume this re-
sponsibility in your affairs without taking
me into your confidence? You tell me that
some of my money helped to transplant
this so-called trouble from the French
Congo to your establishment and refuse to
acquaint me with any of the details. Now,
how do I know but that a degree of crim-
inal guilt will rest with me as the result of
my folly in becoming a party to it?”

  “ Mr. Bruce,” began Connors, “ wasn't
I square enough to poke my finger right
into the specked apple? Couldn’t I have
jumped this cargo business if I was a trim-
mer? Honest, would I dare ask you to
come down if I thought you would get in
trouble? Listen, Mr. Bruce, Captain Jake
is crooked and I got you to put your money
into his deal. Yes, I did, and I’m ashamed
of it. I tell you I got to find him so I can
break square with my friends; got to find
him or the Cracker Pot will be riddled;
got to find him in three days, so I can hold
off this bunch of cutthroat sailors. Don’t
you see? The minute anything starts the
police will close me up. Mr. Bruce, I needs

you now, I does. I needs you to watch a
thieving bartender; needs you because you
can fix it with the police if they show up
before I get back. Captain Wallers would

break a leg to help you, Mr. Bruce, and—
honest—it’s outside th’ ropes for me. if—-
Listen, Mr. Bruce, you are the only white
man I know and I asks you—trust me till
I gets back from Boston.”

  The Rev. Bruce de Lisle was in a quan-
dry. By all the sacred rights of gratitude
this man was entitled to call upon him in his
hour of dire necessity. This he knew. He
was also aware of the folly of attempting to
discuss the ethics of ministerial propriety
with Connors, who considered that the
Cracker Pot was respectability personified.

  As he weighed the consequences of this
temporary point of contact with the under-
world he saw that it had certain advantages.
Then again he realized that his consent was
made easier by virtue of the fact that he
had \isited the place in his ministerial ca-
pacity. Had even expressed a desire to re-
turn at a later date.

  “ What do you think about it, Andrew?”
he asked, turning to his friend.

  “ Well, do you acknowledge Connors’s
right to make this request?”

   “ I do,” said he with all the solemnity
of the marriage service.

   “ Can you square the job with your min-
isterial calling?”

   “ In view of the obligation—yes.”

   “ All right—that settles it. I believe that
Connors is telling the truth, and accept his
reluctance to go into certain details—on
honor. Stand by him, and if you want
any help from me I’m with you.”

  As had been said before, Connors was a
prizefighter, but even this species of the
race is more or less human. That was un-
doubtedly why Connors wiped his emotional
nose.

  “ Listen, Mr. Bruce. Listen, Fat—ex-
cuse me, Andy—I mean Mr. Baflev. I’m
swallowing a lump as big as the City Hall
clock, I am—and I don’t know what kind
of words to use, but God love you for this,
gents.”

   Bailey arose and looked at his watch.

  “ When do you start for Boston?” he
asked.

                    1	A
CRAFTY

ROGUES.

817

  “ The first train out,” answered Connors.

  “ That will be with the newspapers. You
have missed the midnight express. My pro-
posal is this: take us down to this place of
yours to-night so we can get the lay of
things before you go. By the way, will we
need a gun or anything like that?”

  “ Not unless you want to practice on Ed-
die Carbon’s musical gong. Mr. Bailey, the
Cracker Pot is as safe as a cradle.”

  “Who is Eddie Carbon?” asked Bruce.

  “ Eddie is a harmony king. He can play
a pianner upside down, Eddie can, but I’m
going to tell him to lay off on the concert
work till I get back. Eddie won’t bother
you, and ” — Connors hesitated — “ don’t
pay any attention to him, gents; he’s all
right, but he don’t talk much.”

  Bailey’s suggestion to visit the Cracker
Pot met with Bruce’s approval, and Connors
was anxious to draft some kind of note that
would excuse his absence to his bartender
without disclosing his destination. He also
intended to incorporate within this note
some allusion that would reveal Bruce’s
standing with Captain Wallers. This was
to be written as soon as they reached the
Cracker Pot. Within twenty minutes they
were rolling southward in a night-hawk cab.

  A dense fog was sweeping in from the
East River as they stepped to the curb
in front of the Cracker Pot. It was a soggy,
mist-dripping fog, that cast huge halos of
light around each street lamp and inked the
shadows in every lane and alley. Now and
then a mass of shadow would assume human
form, then slip past into the darkness.

  After admitting them, Connors locked
the street door and handed the key to
Bruce de Lisle.

  “ You may want it,” he said. “ There
are twTo for this door. Emile has the other
one.”

  Then Connors passed from the barroom
into the ladies’ parl»r, where a dim light was
burning; his companions waiting in the
semidarkness of the dingy barroom.

  Through the open doorway Bruce and
Bailey saw him lift his hand to turn on the
sickly looking jet of gas.

  Just what happened they did not know,
but as his fingers touched the gas cock the
light went out.

   2	A

  Their first impression was that he had
turned it the wrong way, and they momen-
tarily expected the flash of a match. This
conclusion was supported by the evidence,
as there had been an exclamation of sur-
prise from Connors and the sound of scrap-
ing feet against the bar floor. After that
silence.

  They waited. In all likelihood not over
fifteen seconds had elapsed, but it seemed
hours, then Bailey moved forward. He was
in total darkness, but by throwing out his
hands wras able to determine his position.
He was close to one of the door posts.

  “ Do you want a match, Connors?” he
asked.

  Not a sound came from the back room.

   “ Connors, what is it?” questioned Bruce,
who now stood at Bailey’s side, peering
into the darkness.

   Still no answer.

  Both the clergyman and his friend real-
ized the danger of their position; without
firearms, light, or knowledge of their sur-
roundings, and in one of the questionable
resorts of the city.

   “ Stand back,” said Bailey. “ I’m going to
light a match and find out what has hap-
pened. Safe as a cradle!” he muttered.
“ A cradle of rattlesnakes.”

   The flickering light of the burning match,
shaded by his hands, was far more disquiet-
ing than the darkness had been, as it allowed
imagination to people the dim recesses of
the room. This, however, did not deter
Bailey, who cautiously advanced until he
stood directly underneath the burner they
had seen Connors reach for. Then he real-
ized that the man had not made an error
of judgment in reaching for the light. It
was flowing with the wicked hiss that ac-
companies the escape of unlighted gas.
Bailey touched his match to the burner and
a flood of light followed.

  The room was empty.

  Writh one accord they reached for the
knob of the door which opened into the
dance hall, assuming that Connors had
stepped in there.

  It was locked and they saw that the key
was on their side of the door.

  At the left of the room was a door which
opened into the halhvay that led to the
818

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

street. This was also locked and the key in
evidence to proclaim the impossibility of
Connors’s disappearance in that direction.

  Their wonder grew as it dawned upon
them that there was not a window in the
room.

  The scant furnishings were next consid-
ered. There were three tables, six chairs
and a refrigerator. The latter was about
four feet wide, six in height, and perhaps
two deep. It was packed with a general
stock of saloon merchandise. Bailey opened
the comparatively small refrigerator door,
and a bottle slipped to the floor.

  “ It would have been a physical impos-
sibility for him to have disappeared in this
direction,” said Bruce.

  Finally they examined the floor—foot by
foot. Not so much as a loose board was in
evidence.

  It seemed quite beyond belief that a man
could disappear so quickly and silently.

  “ He must have passed you in the dark-
ness,” said Bruce.

   “ Never. I was too close to the door; but
suppose we examine the barroom?”

   The search proved to be a fruitless one.

  “ He must have slipped past us and made
for the street through the front door,” said
Bailey.

   “ Impossible,” replied Bruce. “ I have the
key in my pocket—Connors locked the door
behind him the minute we stepped inside—
he could not have disappeared by way of
this front room.”

   “ Listen, what’s that?” exclaimed Bailey.

   As they listened—in silence, straining to
register the full significance of the shout
that had startled them—they distinctly
heard the call: “ Bruce—Bailev—help—
help!”

  It was Connors’s voice, outside in the
street, and was followed by subdued mutter-
ings and the sound of scuffling feet.

CHAPTER V.

A CHAMBER OF HORRORS.

EVEN a clergyman’s fingers may func-
tion as thumbs under the stress of in-
cidents so exciting, and precious time
was lost as Bruce fumbled with the door.

The lock was ancient and the key was cum-
bersome.

  Once it was opened they fairly tumbled
out of the Cracker Pot, only to find that
they were engulfed in a mass of drifting
fog. The street lamps no longer battled for
recognition, but had succumbed; they were
mere negations of light value. In the con-
fusion and uncertainty, Bailey grasped the
arm of his friend.

   “ Don’t move until we get our bearings,”
he whispered.

  From some point within the blinding fog
they caught the sound of heavy blows,
rough oaths, and gruff voices.

  “ This way,” said Bruce, starting diag-
onally across the street.

  Not until they had reached the opposite
curb did they discover that their direction
was wrong. Then, through a rift, a mo-
mentary lifting or drawing of the moist
curtain, they saw an indistinct blur that
might have been a cab or carriage, and
heard the muffled voices of men within it.
Likewise, the bang of a closing door. After
that the rumble of wheels over the cobbles
and the galloping clank of iron-shod hoofs,
growing fainter in the distance; moving on
into the blackness of the night.

   That was all.

  Standing there in the drip and gloom
Bailey took a cigar from his pocket and
lighted it with exasperating coolness.

  “ Sorry you don’t smoke, old man,” said
he. “ Awfully comforting, you know, some-
times.”

  Bruce de Lisle did not attempt an imme-
diate response. When he did there was a
note of helplessness in his voice.

   “ What are we going to do?” he asked.

  “ Going to do!” exclaimed Bailey. “ We
are going to lock up this palace of mirth
across the street and go home.”

  “ Think you can sleep?” asked Bruce.

  “ Certainly—that’s one of the compensa-
tions of being fat. Besides that, I have
a trick brain. A delicate subcellar lobe, that
will dig the lining out of any problem over-
night. Come on—it’s getting ready to agi-
tate.”

   “ That mind of yours will probably be of
great value to us, Andy,” said Bruce aa
they recrossed the street and entered the
CRAFTY ROGUES.	819

Cracker Pot. u But there are a few fun-
damentals we ought to establish before
banking on this accommodating lobe of gray
matter.”

   “ For instance?” questioned Bailey.

  “To start with: was Connors kidnaped
or did he disappear in accordance with some
prearranged plan of his own?”

  “ Kidnaped—some one wanted him, and
they got him. His call for help proves that.
Furthermore, he came here with us, because
we asked him to. It was his intention to
go direct to the Grand Central Station and
take the first express for Boston.”

  “ That sounds fair enough,” was Bruce's
comment. “ Do we want to spend any time
on the question of who got him and what
they want him for?”

  “No; we do not. In my opinion, we
should dismiss that for the present. The
next three days may help us to solve that
section of the problem. Just now we better
stick to our known facts. We agree that
he was kidnaped, and that it was his voice
we heard calling for help. Also that he
was spirited away in a cab.”

   “ Correct.™

   “ The mystifying part of it to me is this,
granting that they got him out of the back
room by some means unknown to us, how
did they manage to reach the street?”

   “ I give it up,” replied Bruce.

   “ And I admit that it is too deep for me,”
said Bailey. “ I’ve had them pull coins out
of my ears and ducks out of my silk hat, but
I never supposed it was possible to whisk
a man right out of a room while looking
at him.”

   Further speculation being useless, they
locked up the Cracker Pot and started for
home with the understanding that Bailey
was to take breakfast with Bruce in the
morning.

  Therefore at 8 a.m. they were seated in
the dining room of the rectory for a brief
discussion of their future plans. First of
all. Bailey was to call upon Captain Wal-
lers and relate the peculiar circumstances
under which Bruce had become obligated to
Connors and to inform him of the latter’s
strange request and Bruce’s consent. They
agreed that it would not be wise to mention
Connors’s mysterious disappearance, as it

would defeat the man’s object in calling

upon Bruce for assistance. The conference
was short, as Sunday morning hardly

seemed to be an appropriate time for Bruce
to concentrate upon Connors’s sordid affairs.

  About an hour later Bailey delivered
Bruce de Lisle’s message to Captain Wallers,
who seemed both pleased and amused at the
loyalty of his clerical friend.

   “ Tell him not to worry,” said he. “ The
chances are that the place will be as quiet
as a Sunday school. This man Connors
is as square as a business of that character
will allow him to be, but sooner or later
we will have to clean him out.”

  Bruce had agreed to meet Bailey at the
Cracker Pot by ten o’clock on Monday
morning, which gave him ample time to fol-
low his usual custom of spending an hour
in the gymnasium associated with the Parish
House Community Service, where, to the
consternation of the staid board of govern-
ors, he sometimes instructed the young men
of his church in the “ manly art.”

  Upon entering the Cracker Pot they
found Emile industriously polishing sundry
bottles and brasses behind the dingy bar.
In front of it, a blear-eyed wreck was plying
a short rake over the sawdust-covered floor.
It was Joie the Jug.

  “ I am a friend of Connors,” said Bruce
to Emile by way of introduction.

   “ Yes, sir,” was Emile’s response.

  “ He’s gone away for a few days,” con-
tinued Bruce, scrutinizing the man’s face
for the purpose of trying to discover how
much he knew concerning the sudden de-
parture of his employer.

  One of Emile's tricks was to assume the
mask of dull stupidity when in doubt, and
this he now attempted, but there had been
one fractional moment of uncertainty, and
in that brief space Bruce noted the glint of
satisfaction in Emile’s eye.

  “ I am here with the knowledge and con-
sent of Captain Wallers,” he added, “ and
in a general way will look after the business
during his absence.”

   “ Yes, sir.”

   This terminated the verbal preliminaries
between them. Each had taken his measure
of the other.

   Directly after this Bailey left, after agree-
820

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ing to return late in the afternoon, and
Bruce seated himself at one of the little
tables, where he spread out certain papers
he had brought with him, but work was out
of the question—the atmosphere was all
wrong.

   The first thing to divert his atention was
the negro. Eddie Carbon was uneasy. His
black face reflected a weight of responsi-
bility. A dozen times he disappeared
through the trapdoor behind the platform,
Which was not twelve feet from the table at
which Bruce was seated. It was the shrill,
tremulous note of a female voice that
brought him to his feet. There was no mis-
taking the sound, or from whence it came.
Carbon had just closed the door over his
head as he descended the ladder, or steps,
leading to the mysterious chamber below.

   The quavering notes of anger, or fear—
Bruce knew not which— had scarcely died
out when he stood over the small trapdoor.
A great revulsion of feeling was sweeping
over him. Alert, tense, and with tread as
soft as that of a stalking tiger, he encircled
the rough-planked door, waiting for—he
scarcely knew not what.

   Chinks of light could be seen through
the cracks and crevices. He bent over to
lift the door, and as he did so heard the
soft crooning tones that only a negro can
express.

   Bruce hesitated. Three things restrained
him. First the doubt that he had heard
aright. After all, it might have been the
negro. Second, the wisdom of inviting a
disastrous conclusion to any adventure that
might be sure of success with Bailey’s as-
sistance. A thought which was far from be-
ing an idle one, as Emile was watching every
movement he made. His last restraining
thought was based on his promise to Con-
nors—a promise from which he was un-
doubtedly absolved by the strange disap-
pearance of the man who had exacted it,
but nevertheless a promise.

   Standing there, uncertain, but active of
mind, he distinctly heard that which star-
tled him. It was the snapping of teeth, ac-
companied by a growl; a deep-rumbling
snarl, more animal than human.

  If an opportunity had been given to
Bruce to lance the fast-ripening Cracker

Pot mystery, he had missed it, as Emile was
advancing to the platform, with Joie acting
as a rear guard. But the campaign had
evidently been mapped as a strategic one.
It was for the purpose of drawing Bruce
from the danger zone, as was shown by the
pail and mop which Joie carried.

  “ We always cleans up in here on Mon-
days,” said Emile. “ You’ll have to move.”

   Perhaps it was a full appreciation of the
responsibility, associated with the part he
was to play, that caused Joie to bungle his
act. At any rate, his clumsy efforts met
with disaster. Bruce was supposed to re-
treat under the menace of Joie’s industrious
mop, and this was what he did. Hence,
the splendid confidence of Joie, as shown by
the swirling strokes of his mop, one of
which overturned his pail.

   A torrent of black billingsgate slipped
from Emile’s glib tongue. It was lurid.

   Bruce clenched his hands until the nails
bit into his palms, but the outburst meant
nothing to Joie, except to add to his con-
fusion. This it did and to the point of
confusion confounded, for he again lost the
ability to measure distances accurately, and
brought his wet mop against Emile's im-
maculate white apron.

   With an oath the bartender wrenched the
mop from his hands, and the next instant
had struck the unoffending weakling a blow
that broke full across his forehead—as
brutal as it was unnecessary.

   Bruce de Lisle never hesitated for a min-
ute. There was one quick stride; one de-
lightful right-arm swing, and one beautiful
smash between Emile’s eyes.

   Emile’s first imitation was that of a wind-
mill. He was on his way, and his arms were
wildly thrashing the air. About the time
he was ready to land among a pile of chairs
at the side of the hall he doubled up, jack-
knife fashion. All of which was quite ap-
propriate in view of the splintered kindlings
his fall produced.

   “ You miserable skunk!” was the highly
improper clerical epithet used by Bruce as
he stood over Emile.

   Dazed, but disillusioned, Emile rested
among the splintered legs and rungs of the
Cracker Pot chairs. The ethics of the thing
was all quite new to him; quite anticlerical,
CRAFTY ROGUES.

821

   and irregular, but certain primitive instincts
 had always prevailed so far as the law of
 self-preservation was concerned, and he
 knew when he had enough.

   “ All right, if you say so. Lemme up.
I’m through.”

   Without offering to assist him to his feet
 Bruce waited until the subdued bartender
 had disentangled himself and was standing
 before him. Then he indulged in another
 highly unprofessional remark. “ Beat it,” he
 exclaimed. “Quick!”

   Without a word Emile limped back to his
 official headquarters with a clearer vision
 of the full scope and magnitude of the min-
 isterial calling.

   Then Bruce applied himself to the dress-
 ing of Joie’s lacerated forehead—a service
 which was amply repaid by the gratitude of
 his patient—a dumb, animal-like response
 that was pathetic, and although Bruce was
 not aware of it, his kindly act was destined
 to arouse the lethargic Joie to some show
 of appreciation before the night was over.

   The morning hours passed all too slow
for Bruce. Time had become a laggard.
The afternoon proved to be equally as dull
and commonplace, but six o’clock did even-
tually come, and Bruce hurried out to sup-
per.

   It was eight thirty when he returned, to
 find that Bailey had not put in an appear-
 ance. There were but a few people in the
 Cracker Pot at that hour, but shortly after
 nine o’clock several women entered, and
 their easy familiarity indicated that they
 were regular habitues of the establishment.

  Following them came a young woman
whose appearance riveted Bruce’s attention.
Her swaggering boldness attracted him first;
the rakish tilt of her sailor hat; the short,
blue jacket, with its snappy pockets, where-
in she had thrust her hands with sufficient
energy to crack the seams.

   He thought that he had never seen any
specimen of young womanhood quite so
hard; so utterly void of the conventional
feminine graces. The very swing of her
skirt as she walked to one of the empty
tables was aggressive and defiant.

   As Bruce scrutinized her face for the tell-
 tale lines of degeneration he believed would
 be in evidence he was surprised to note a

 profile that suggested the opposite of those
 things which are base and low. He saw
 the quick emotional play of a sensitive
 mouth and wondered if it was possible that
 she had deliberately chosen the companion-
 ship of those about her.

  Then he noted the deftly bound coil of
hair that was tucked under the broad-
brimmed hat. It was brown, like the russet
tones of autumn.

   She was evidently conscious of his mascu-
line appraisement and seemed to be anxious
to avoid any possible acknowledgment of
it that would signal her approval. In fact,
she evinced a degree of embarrassment quite
foreign to Cracker Pot society.

  Was it real or feigned? Bruce did not
know.

  While attempting to solve the problem
something occurred which caused him to
speculate anew.

  Eddie Carbon had once more emerged
from what Bruce now designated the
“ Chamber of Horrors.”

  Instantly the young woman’s attitude
changed. She was no longer playing a
part. The negro’s appearance was a revela-
tion to her, or it might have been that he
stood for a confirmation of her fears—pos-
sibly her expectations. With evidence of
suppressed excitement she leaned forward
and watched him from the moment of his
appearance until he disappeared through the
street door. Her face was registering the
keenest satisfaction.

  Bruce had began to suspect that he was
involved in a situation far more complex
than he imagined. Up to the moment his
interest in the Cracker Pot mystery had
been passive. He had been content to
wait developments. He had reasoned
that, no matter what might occur, it
was Connors’s problem, and all of the
characters involved belonged to the under-
world, but here was something new—some
evidence of interest in Connors’s affairs by
one who reflected both culture and refine-
ment, try as she might to disguise it.

  He arose and walked toward the table at
which she sat, but did so without any defin-
ite idea of what he intended to say after
his arrival.

  As his hand was on the chair at her side
822

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

she turned a questioning face toward him,	waiting for the signal to enter. Through the

and the next instant both were startled by	window, above the green shade, their surg-

the violence with which the street door had	ing forms could be seen; a seething mass of

been opened. It was Bailey, and his speed	frenzied humanity.

increased as he rushed through the little	At this critical moment Bruce found that

back parlor into the hall, where he quickly	his mind had tuned to its highest efficiency,

dragged Bruce to one side.	Like a flash the Situation dawned upon him.

  “ We are in for it, old man,” he whis-	Some master-hand was directing all of the

pered. “ Thank Heaven, I arrived in time,	seemingly disconnected events that had

There is the blackest crew of cutthroats out-	transpired. Captain Jake’s Boston trip was

side that could be gathered in seven States,	a bit of fiction for the purpose of removing

Twenty or more. Drive out these women.”	Connors, so that this raid might be carried

  Then, even in all his excitement, Bailey	out during his absence. True, they did not

could not refrain from the light, facetious	know that Connors had surrendered to the

remark, and with a broad grin: “ By the	deception, and that was why they had be-

way, who’s your little friend?”	come impatient, and forcibly removed him.

  If Bruce heard the question he ignored it.	One thing was certain. Bruce would soon

The danger of their situation was evident,	know what they were trying to defend. The

The voice of the mob was becoming more	value of Jake’s cargo was about to be re-

and more insistent. They were near the	vealed.

Cracker Pot entrance; in fact, the door was	The door of the Cracker Pot was opened

seen to tremble under the impact of num-	with a crash and the frenzied horde rushed

bers; rough-voiced men, who were only	inside!

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.

u	rr	u

GEMS OF CONSOLATION

                            ,"J',HE memory of a kindly word
                               In days gone by,

                             The fragrance of a faded flower
                             Sent lovingly,

                            The gleaming of a sudden smile
                            Or sudden tear,

                             The warmer pressure of the hand,

                             The tone of cheer,

                            The hush that means “ I cannot speak,

                           But I have heard!”

                             The message of a single verse
                             From God’s own Word:

                            Such tiny things we hardly count
                            As ministry;

                           The givers deeming they have shown
                           Scant sympathy;

But when the heart is overwrought,

                            Oh, who can tell
                            The power of all such tiny things
                            To make it well?
lomcvw

By JOHN HOLDEN

Author of “Four Stroke* at Midnight," “Beyond Control,** «fc.

A NOVELETTE—COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE

WHEN the stranger alighted from
the stage Sheriff Jim Harper’s
first feeling was one of surprise
that such an obviously refined and educated
girl should wish to stop at the wild railroad
construction town for even a single day.
Storekeeper Joe Blundell had just been tell-
ing him that he had felt obliged to send his
wife and daughters to Helena to live be-
cause of Geyser's swift retrogression from a
respectable dry farmers’ trading point to a
hell of iniquity since work on the B. and

X.	cut-off had begun. When the girl in-
quired if there was a small vacant building
for rent Harper received a mental jolt, such
as a lover of jewelry might experience at
sight of a pearl necklace dropping into a
gutter.

  “ There is. but I hardly think you will
want it.” Blundell told her.

  “ Why not?”

  Harper noted that her tone betokened de-

termination as well as culture. Her very
attractive eyes seemed unusually somber
and serious, and there was a trace of anxiety
in her fine features. Her tailored suit was
as businesslike as it was well-fitting.

  “ Well, you see—” Blundell looked em-
barrassed. “ This town, miss;—it isn't the
kind of burg you probably think it is—not
the sort of place it used to be by a long
shot. It's tough, miss. So tough that I
had to send the missis and girls away till the
railroaders get out. All those buildings you
see down there ”—he waved his hand—
“ are just saloons and low dance halls and—
er—all that sort of thing.’’

  “ I think I understand. Is the vacant
building situated near those places?”

  “ Yes—that's why I don't think you
want it.”

  The girl smiled in a mysterious manner
that increased Sheriff Harper's interest in
her.

S23
824

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ On the contrary, that is a point in its
favor. May I see the place? Are you the
agent?”

  “ I am, miss; and you may.” Blundell
noted a possible customer weaving his way
storeward and turned to Harper.

  “ You show her the shack, Jim. You're
not busy.”

  “ Sure,” said the sheriff. “ Come along,
miss.”

  “ Miss Juno,” said the girl. “ Since I am
going to become a resident of your interest-
ing little town, I suppose you’ll have to learn
my name sooner or later.”

  Harper removed his huge sombrero in a
courtly manner as he, in turn, told her his
name, but not his business.

  Courtliness was inherent in Geyser’s
sheriff. Even to the poor drabs who in-
fested the lowest dance hall, his manner
was Chesterfieldian. In other ways also he
differed from the ordinary run of Geyser
men. His strong features were always
clean-shaven, his heavy blond hair was
combed and brushed, his boots were shined,
the hands that could whip out six-guns or
bind an injured dog’s leg with equal facility
were as clean and muscularly sensitive as
those of a master pianist.

  “ Are you going into business, Miss
Juno?” he queried as they proceeded toward
the cluster of rough and unpainted struc-
tures that had given Geyser its present evil
name.

  “ Yes,” said the girl shortly, as though
her attention were too much engrossed with
the sights about her to permit of conversa-
tion.

  In truth, these sights were sufficient to
claim the attention of even a woman hard-
ened to life in a railroad camp during that
lawless period in Montana’s history.

  On both sides of a dusty thoroughfare
that did not even boast a sidewalk, a num-
ber of hastily carpentered structures stuck
up like sore fingers, rough-boarded, unpaint-
ed, unspeakably crude and garish in the
glare of broad daylight. The camp was
quiescent now. Here and there a besotted
individual snored in the ?unshine, his back
against one of the buildings, his head on
his chest. Occasionally a dance hall deni-
zen, kimono-clad and looking ghastly with-

out her make-up, flitted from one den to an-
other. Heaps of tin cans and litters of

rubbish offended the eye at every turn.

  With the coming of night, things would
be different. Darkness would hide the ugli-
ness; lights would blaze; hard-faced harpies
would again resemble real women. Raucous
laughter would mingle with the blare of
musical instruments, roulette balls would»
whir and click, dancing feet would scrunch
the floor, money would jingle on the long
counter of the Lone Star Saloon and Dance
Hall. The proprietor, Dan Sherrard, would
smile in his usual oily manner and pour in-
gratiating phrases of false fellowship into
the ears of poor fools from the camps.

  Harper did not fail to observe that Miss
Juno shuddered and her lips tightened and
looked hard and determined as she neared
the vacant shack opposite the Lone Star.

  “ That’s the place,” he said. “ If you
want an observation post for a close view
of hell, I can recommend it highly.”

  She glanced through a dusty window into
the bare interior, and before Harper had
even opened the door she answered: “ It’s
just what I’m looking for.”

   She examined the inside of the little cabin
and again smiled with satisfaction. Harper
looked at her more closely than before. His
curiosity was increasing.

  “ You wish to five here?” he queried.

  “ Live here and work here, too,” the
strange girl answered.

   “ Conduct a little store of some sort, may-
be?”

  “ Xo; not a store.”

  They left the place and headed back to-
ward Blundell’s.

  One of the dance hall women shuffled
around a corner and almost ran into them.
Miss Juno shrank back and clutched Har-
per’s arm in an involuntary gesture of re-
pulsion.

  “What a horrible creature!” she ex-
claimed.

  The woman glared and passed on, and
the girl quickly let go of Harper’s arm as
she realized what she was doing.

  In the mind of an ordinary' man the in-
cident would have banished any atom of
doubt that Miss Juno’s proposed business
might be open to question. The girl was
THE STORM WOMAN.

825

 too plainly disgusted with the evidences of
 iniquity on every side. In Harper’s mind
 it banished no atom of doubt, for the sim-
 ple reason that he had never entertained
 any.

    “ If you’re not going to open a store,
 maybe it's an office to sell stock or some-
 thing,” he ventured.

    “ No,” came the quick answer.

    “ You’re going to start some sort of clean
 and innocent amusement?”

    “ The shack isn’t big enough for anything
 like that.”

    “ Well, then, you’re a missionary of some
 sort, even though you don’t look it.”

    Miss Juno slowly shook her head.

    “ My mission here,” she stated, “ is to
 make money.”

    Her replies to his queries were mystify-
 ing. Harper said nothing for a while.

   “ I don’t wish to appear curious—” he
 began haltingly.

    The girl cut in with a rippling little laugh
 that was as musical as the tinkle of a
 flower-bordered brook: “ I’ve noticed that.”
 He felt foolish.

   “ You’ve got me there, Miss Juno,” he
 admitted. “ I am curious. I would like to
 know your business in this hell hole. In a
 way, it’s my duty to learn it. Living alone
 in that shack, directly opposite the largest
 and worst of all the dives, you will be in
 danger, and it will be my job to protect
 you.”

 The girl whirled upon him.

 “ Who are you, that you should talk
 about protecting a woman you don’t know?”

 “ I am the sheriff of Carson County.”

 In the silence that followed this announce-
 ment Harper could hear Miss Juno’s sharp
 intake of breath. She was staring at him.
 He thought that she paled and looked
 alarmed, but before he could make sure of
 it she regained her poise with a laugh.

 “ That being the case, I take it all back,”
 she said. “ Nevertheless, I don’t need your
 protection. As for disclosing my business
 here, this will tell you all that I wish to let
 anybody know for the present.”

 She handed Harper a printed circular,
 and he read it slowly and wonderingly.

 It stated that on the following Saturday
 night at 8 p.m., Miss Alice Juno would open

  an office and, in a speech from her door,
would announce her business in Geyser. So
far as she knew, no similar business had
ever been started at any railroad grading
camp before. She expected to render a
service to the railroad workers, and she
hoped to merit their patronage. At the
bottom was a blank line on which the loca-
tion of her office would be filled in with a
pencil.

  “ I got those prepared in advance: I in-
tend to have them distributed at all the
near-by camps,” she stated.

  “ Good idea,” approved Harper. “ Curi-
osity will bring you a crowd, all right—that
and your location opposite the Lone Star.”

  He expressed his willingness to do any-
thing he could for her, but she declined
his offer with thanks, and during the re-
mainder of the day, and the days that fol-
lowed, she proceeded to carry out her plan,
whatever it was, with energy and efficiency.

  Harper made no further effort to pry
into her affairs, but he could not help
noticing that she engaged the livery stable
to cart a sizable trunk and a typewriter, as
well as a cot, table, and some household
utensils, to her new dwelling. The type-
writer was the only clew in sight to indicate
her proposed enterprise, and it was a poor
clew. Writing machines are used in almost
every line of business. Even Sherrard, the
Lone Star proprietor, possessed one.

  In her office Alice Juno worked behind
drawn shades and kept her doors locked.
Her handbills were distributed, and the men
got to talking about her. Curiosity mount-
ed and indications were that quite a gather-
ing would be in front of her office on Satur-
day night. Incidentally, Saturday was the
last day of the month and therefore pay day.

  But no one’s curiosity was quite so great
as that of Sheriff Jim Harper.

II.

  Alice Juno’s artful arousing of public
curiosity did its work. Long before eight
o’clock on Saturday night men began to
gather in front of her office to guess at the
nature of her speech.

  Under-sized mule skinners from the grad-
ing machine camps were there in their dirty,
826

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

sweat-stained clothes; intelligent looking en-
gineers and cranesmen from the steam-
shovel cuts, well-dressed and clean-shaven;
muckers and dump men slouching around
with the mud and grime of their occupation
still upon them; timekeepers and clerks in
sport shirts and riding breeches; cooks
and flunkeys, stablemen and blacksmiths—
all the different workers from all the differ-
ent camps within fifteen miles or more. As
the hour for the unknown girl’s speech ar-
rived they milled around in front of her
door like baseball enthusiasts before a score-
board.

  From the door of the Lone Star Saloon,
across the street, Sheriff Jim Harper
watched the proceedings. He tried to ap-
pear nonchalant and unconcerned, but really
he was on pins and needles of expectation.
Alice Juno interested him immensely. He
admired her and he respected her. He won-
dered how many of the men in the street
possessed the nerve to do what that frail
girl was doing—start a new business in a
hell hole like Geyser and make a speech
to a crowd such as that. Her object, he
reasoned, must be stronger than the com-
monplace one of earning a living.

  The saloon was practically empty. Even
the women habitues, wide awake now and
more or less resplendent in powder, paint,
and tawdry finery, were outside awaiting the
unknown girl’s speech. The proprietor,
Dan Sherrard, joined Harper at the door
and gazed across the street with no excess of
good will.

  “ Hits your business quite a wallop, eh.
Sherrard?” Harper queried.

  “ Only for the moment.” Sherrard’s tone
was contemptuous. “ She’ll say her little
say-so, whatever it is, and then they’ll come
piling in here.”

  Promptly at eight o’clock the door of the
mysterious shack flung open and Alice Juno
stepped to the front of a tiny platform in a
manner so sudden and dramatic that the
crowd’s attention was caught immediately.

    Friends,” she began without an instant’s
hesitation, “ all of you want to write lots
of letters to friends and relatives back home,
but you don’t do it. You write only a few
or none at all. Why? Because conditions
in the camps are against it. There are no

desks to write on, there is too much noise
to think, you are tired after a hard days
work, your fingers don’t handle a pen read-
ily, and chances are there is no pen to han-
dle. If there is, the ink is missing, or
there’s no note paper or envelopes or stamps
or something else. You keep putting off
the job until finally it’s been put off so long
that you’re ashamed to write.

  “ Naturally, if you don’t send letters you
don’t get any, and then you think that no
one cares about j'ou. You are wrong, my
friends. No matter who or what you are,
no matter how alone and friendless you may
think you are, there is some one who care?
more for you than for any one else on God's
green earth! I want you to write to that
person, whoever it is, and to all your other
friends as well, and it is in order to make
writing easy for you that I have set up in
business here. I am a professional stenogra-
pher and typist, and I want you to write
your letters through me.”

  She paused, and Harper overheard com-
ments:

  “ Good idea, that.”

  “ She sure said a mouthful.”

  Alice continued:

  “ Perhaps the person who is longing to
hear from you is a brother or a sister, a hus-
band or wife, a father or a mother. A
mother! Do you hear that? I wonder hovr
many of you have mothers to whom you
have not written in weeks or months or
years? If you have, don’t you know that
she wants to hear from you? You do know
it. Then why not write?

  “If you have prospered no one will be
so glad to hear it as your mother. If you
haven’t—if you have gone down and down
until perhaps you are even living a life of
shame and disgrace—she still wants to hear
from you. If you are ashamed to tell the
truth about yourself—don't! Tell lies, tell
anything, just so she will know you are
alive. If you can’t think of anything to
say, I can and will. Don’t you realize that
even one short line from the child she
brought into the world may mean all the
difference to a mother between dreary days
of melancholy and hopeful weeks of happi-
ness?”

  In front of Harper and Sherrard, one of
THE STORM WOMAN.

827

  the tawdry women wheeled suddenly and
  stumbled into the dance hall, handkerchief
  to her eyes, sobbing hysterically.

    “ Mother! Oh, Gawd, I can't stand
  that!” She pitched into a chair, head
  buried in her arms, her bare shoulders heav-
  ing convulsively.

     Sherrard jerked her to her feet. “ Shut
  your trap. Babe, an' get t’ hell outa here!”
  He gave her a shove toward the rear.

     Harper joined the crowd. Another dance
  hall woman was sniffling. A great hairy
  brute of a man pulled a red handkerchief
  from his pocket and blew his nose loudly,
  as men will when emotion clutches them.
  Even Harper, the hardened man-hunter,
  who wrote his mother as regularly as the
  stage traveled, felt a lump rise up in his
  throat as the sad-eyed girl in front con-
  tinued to utter one homely truism after an-
  other. Her conquest of her audience was a?
  full and complete as though she were the
  greatest orator in America.

     “ As I said, I didn’t come here to lecture
on love, but to make money,” Alice went
on. “ So here’s my proposition: Write your
letters through me. No bother, no fuss with
ink, pens, and paper. Sit down beside
my desk and talk as though your loved one
were beside you, easy and naturally, and
every word that you utter will be typewrit-
ten by me just as fast as you speak it.
When you have finished, sign your name at
the bottom, and the deed is done. I’ll at-
tend to the mailing; I’ll furnish envelopes
and postage. That is my proposition, folks;
a plain business offer. Fifty cents a page,
double-spaced, is my charge—worth five
hundred dollars, maybe, to the one who re-
ceives it. That’s all I’ve got to say. Op-
erations begin right now; first come, first
served; line forms on the right. All ready?
Let’s go!”

  There was an outburst of applause as,
with a smile, she backed into her tiny office
and seated herself at her typewriter.

  A man near the door entered and took the
chair beside her desk. A line quickly
formed. Harper did not join it, but he
stepj>ed to the office door to obtain a better
view.

  The first correspondent was gazing at
the ceiling and speaking as though the per-

  son he was addressing was in the room.
  His tongue clattered along at a rapid rate,
  but not too rapid for the operator, who
  recorded it direct on the machine with a
  degree of speed that stamped her an expert.
  The man wound up in a flurry of words, ac-
  companied by a grandiloquent waving of his
  hands, one of which just missed the typist’s
  cheek, and then he slowly read his literary
  effort.

   “Holy mackerel!” he exclaimed.
  “ Who’d ’a’ thought letter-writing is as easy
  as that?” He signed his name and paid
  his money, throwing in an extra half dollar
  for a tip, then made way for the next in
  line.

    Harper moved back into the crowd of
  spectators who were not awaiting their turn
  and stood there, as pleased as a baseball
  fan whose team has won the world’s series.
  He overheard various comments:

     “ Great stuff!”

    “ She ought to make money at it.”

     “ I’ll say the girl has nerve.”

     “ Just the same, she’d better watch out or
  Sherrard will get her.”

    The last remark prompted Harper to
  step across to the dance hall and take a
  look inside. Only a few patrons were in
  the place. Sherrard’s scowl was an inch
  deep. Harper left and resumed his obser-
  vations outside.

    Suddenly a crash sounded in the letter-
  writer’s office and a shriek that was instant-
  ly muffled was heard above the blare of the
  Lone Star music. It motivated Jim Har-
  per as an electric flash sets off dynamite.
  Like a wild elephant he tore through the
  crowd, hurling men aside in his mad pro-
  gress, fighting, plunging, until he reached
  the place.

     Alice was gazing, wild-eyed, at her type-
 writer, which lay on the floor. Half a
 dozen men were holding a rat-faced indi-
 vidual who protested loudly that he had
 not meant to tip over the little table on
 which the machine had rested. Harper
 recognized him as a porter in Sherrard’s
 employ.

   He set the machine back on the table and
 noted that, while it was out of commission
 for the evening, it was not broken beyond
 hope of local repair.
828

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ Never mind; we'll get another,” he said
to Alice; then to the crowd:

  “ Don’t go away. Business as usual in
a minute.”

  He interrogated the porter and specta-
tors sharply, but no proof that the toppling
of the typewriter on the floor was other
than an accident was forthcoming, so he re-
leased the fellow.

  He crossed the street to the Lone Star
and accosted the proprietor.

   “ Sherrard,” he said, “ you’ve got a type-
writer that you’re not using at present. I’d
like to borrow it for Miss Juno.”

  The dance hall man sneered. “ That’s
nerve for you,” he said. “ That cursed girl
has ruined my business for the night. A
lot of those idiots who fell for her mush
are sending money away that would be
spent here. And yet when she meets with
an accident you want me to assist in my
own ruin by loaning her my typewriter.”
Harper bored Sherrard with eyes that
were like points of steel.

  “ Right away, please!” The words
cracked like a whiplash. “ 111 return it to-
morrow.”

  Sherrard consented then, and the sheriff
carried the borrowed typewriter across to
the new office, where Alice Juno was writ-
ing meanwhile with a pen. He stated that
he would be around next day to repair her
broken machine.

III.

  WriTH a few simple tools, Harper per-
formed his task the following morning, then
sat down for a chat with the most interest-
ing young woman he had ever met.

  Alice Juno was very charming on this
occasion. Success in her business venture
has chased some of the wistful sadness from
her eyes, but she was still a bit more sober
and serious than any woman in her early
twenties ought to be.

  “ Do you know, I’m still puzzled about
you,” Harper told her. “ I don’t know
what to make of you.”

  “ Why make anything?”

  “ Because I think you are in trouble of
some sort and I want to help you.”

  “ I have not asked for help.”

“ Proud young women rarely do seek it.

In the first place,” Harper went on, 111
cannot bring myself to believe that you are

here simply to make money.”

   “ I like to think that I will bring a bit
of happiness into this sad world also.”

  “ Yes—but there is more to you than
that. You made a lot of money last night
and you created a lot of happiness, but still
you are troubled and unhappy. I think,
Miss Juno, that you are here for some mys-
terious reason that you are unwilling to
disclose.”

  Alice rose and gazed out of her open
door, then turned and replied:

  “ You seem concerned. Why?”

   “ I am afraid that something will happen
to you. You are too pretty a woman to be
alone in a place like Geyser.”

   “ I can take care of myself.”

   Harper had also risen.

   “ My dear Miss Juno,” he said very earn-
estly, ‘‘up on the hillside back of this town
there is a bleak and desolate patch of ground,
with little mounds hang side by side, and
at the head of each mound there is a plain
piece of board penciled with the name of a
person who thought he was capable of tak-
ing care of himself. Already you have
made a vicious and powerful enemy here.
I cannot prove that Dan Sherrard was back
of the accident to your typewriter last night,
but—”

   He stopped, surprised by the girl’s quick
change of expression. Seeing that he no-
ticed her emotion, she turned quickly away,
then faced Harper again with the best imi-
tation of a smile that she could muster.

  “ That graveyard—it must be interesting
—I’d rather like to see it,” she said with
pseudo nonchalance.

  “ Of course. Why not go up with me
now? You’ll not get much business this
morning.”

   “ I will.”

   She locked her office and they sauntered
to the foot of a sun-baked butte where, in-
side a fenced inclosure, six or seven ugly
mounds of raw earth uplifted themselves.
The girl proceeded directly to the board at
the head of the first one and read the fast-
fading name that had been rudely penciled
thereon.

   In turn she looked at each of the other
THE STORM WOMAN.

829

   boards. Harper thought that she seemed
 relieved as she turned away from the last
 one and remarked that she ought to be get-
 ting back.

   “ I guess the reason I have taken such an
 interest in you is that I myself was an
 odd bird when I hit this country,” he ex-
 plained. “ You may find it hard to believe,
 but I'm an Easterner, just as you are.
 Somehow, I didn’t seem able to fit into the
 ordered life of the country town where I
 was bom. Too slow for me. I had to have
 excitement and I got it in ways that were
 disapproved of. When folks began to refer
 to me as a black sheep, I figured it was time
 to light out, so I lit.”

   “ Are you inferring that I am an odd
 bird?” One of her rare smiles lighted up
 Alice’s fair features.

   “ You are mysterious, and that is odd.
 You are beautiful, and that is an attribute
 of most birds.”

   Her smile was wiped off like chalk marks
 on a blackboard. “ I must ask you not to
 speak in that manner, Mr. Harper.”

   “ Then how about this manner.” Harper
 did not look like a man-hunter now; a
 very tender expression was in his winning
 eyes. “ I love you, Alice, and I want you to
 marry me. That may seem sudden, but it is
 the truth. I want to shoulder your burden,
 whatever it may be. I want you to be
 happy. I am not a black sheep, really. I
 would be very good to you, Alice.”

 She looked at him in a sad and wistful
 manner. “ I—I appreciate your offer, Mr.
 Harper, but it—it is impossible. Please do
 not ever mention such a thing again.”
 Harper had expected some such reply.

 It fitted in with everything that she said
 and did. “ Isn’t there anything I can do
 to help you?” he queried gently.

   “ Yes—let me manage my own life in my
own way.”

 On their way back they called at the post
office and Alice opened a bundle she had
just received from a printer in Helena. She
showed Harper a new circular which stated
her business and appealed to the men to
write letters to their friends and relatives,
and she remarked that she meant to have
them distributed along the whole line of con-
struction.

   Inadvertently she showed him something

 else. She laid what appeared to be a per-
 sonal letter on top of her package, and Har-
 per noted, without any intention of spying
 on her, that the postmark read, “ Willow-
 field, Ohio.”

   The name impressed him. Willowfield!
 That might have been the name of his own
 native village, with its huge willow trees
 weeping over the fields and meadows in
 which he had played as a boy.

   Probably that was where Alice came
 from. She had impressed him from the
 first as being a small town girl, and now,
 as he appraised her again, he felt sure that
 she was. Small town girls do not start typ-
 ing offices in rough Western railroad camps,
 of course, but on the other hand, big city
 girls do not, either.

   At her office there was no business in
 sight, so Harper proposed that they should
 visit his. She might be able to give him
 some hints on how to keep it in order, he
 said. She consented with a reluctance that
 vanished when she noted the “ Man Want-
 ed ” circulars that were pinned up in a long
 line on his wall.

    “ What are those?” she queried.

    Alert for any sign that would throw light
 on the mystery of her appearance in Geyser,
 Harper noted her sudden interest, just as
 he had previously noted her interest in the
 graveyard.

   “ Just reward circulars,” he explained.

 “ When a criminal escapes anywhere, the
 police send them out broadcast.”

    She was looking at the pictures and read-
 ing the descriptions underneath—methodi-
 cally, one by one, just as she had read the
 inscriptions in the cemetery.

   “ If one of these men shows up in Gey-
 ser*, you will arrest him, I presume?”

    “ I sure will.”

 “And pocket the reward?”

 “ That’s one of a sheriff’s perquisites.”

 “ Do you catch many of these wanted
 men?”

    I’m sorry to say that I don’t.”

 “ But you keep a keen lookout for them?”
 “ Each and every one.”

 Harper thought that she was talking in a
 casual manner in order to conceal an interest
 that was considerably more than casual.
g30	ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WTEKLY.

1 “ You seem interested in the notices,” he
remarked.

  “ I am,” Alice replied. “ I like to look
at a man’s picture and guess at the crime
he committed, then read the circular to see
if I am right. You don’t mind if I look at
all of them, do you?”

   “ Not in the least.”

  She finished her inspection with what
Harper could have sworn was an indication
of relief, the same sort of relief she had
shown after going through the graveyard.

  “ Do you receive new notices often?” she
queried.

  “ Every few days.”

  “ May I drop in again to look at any new
ones you may have?”

  Harper was only to glad to have Alice
drop in, and said so. He accompanied her
back to her office, then returned to his own,
and again set himself to the task of solving
the mystery of her appearance in Geyser.
He knew there was such a mystery quite as
well as he knew that Alice was in danger.
No woman was safe in Geyser, least of all
a pretty one who had antagonized the forces
of evil.

  Her interest in the grave boards and re-
ward notices was singular. Could it have
any bearing on her reason for being in this
town? Was he right in thinking she had
shown relief after scanning all the different
names? He was almost sure that he was.

  Then there was the matter of her appeal
to the workers in general to remember their
friends and relatives back home. Her busi-
ness was certainly an odd one.

   Like a flash of inspiration, a possible ex-
planation of all her odd actions came to
Harper. Some relative or friend had dis-
appeared, she suspected that he was work-
ing on the railroad, and she wished to get in
touch with him!

IV.

  The more Harper pondered his hypo-
thesis the more reasonable did it appear.
Alice figured that her name and mission
would spread to every camp on the far-
flung line of construction, and in that way
the man she wished to reach would know
she was in the country. Her appeal to the
men in general to communicate with their

loved ones was really a plea to some one
man to communicate with her. He won-
dered what relation this hypothetical man

would be to her. Probably a lover or her
husband; since she had given him to un-
derstand when he proposed marriage, that
her affection was already engaged. Harper
winced a little at the thought, but there
was no getting away from it.

  She had examined the grave board no-
tices to see if the name of the man she
sought was there and was relieved when it
wasn’t. She had scrutinized his reward no-
tices, and had asked to see any future ones
he might receive, for the same reason. She
was seeking a man and was leaving no
stone unturned to find him. This was the
only reasonable explanation of her presence
in Geyser that Harper could think of.

  A few days later he went to the post
office as usual and returned with some let-
ters. In his office he opened them one by
one. The first contained a Man Wanted
circular. He read it in his usual manner
and studied the picture of the wanted in-
dividual in an effort to recollect if he had
ever seen the person. He had not, so he
pinned it on his wall beside the others. He
opened and read two other letters, and
as he opened the last one he saw that it,
too, contained a Man Wanted notice.

   He looked at the picture first and noted
that the wanted man, one Rodney Allan,
was rather a handsome fellow, well dressed,
evidendy an office worker of some sort.
Nothing unusual about that. Harper start-
ed to read the description, and glancing
out of the •window as he did so, he noted
that Alice Juno was coming toward his
office. He read hurriedly because he wanted
to get it pinned up before she arrived. The
man was wanted for embezzlement com-
mitted in the town of—

  Jim Harper gasped as he read the name
Willowfield, Ohio. The place that Alice
came from. In a flash of understanding the
whole thing became clear to him. This was
the man she sought—Rodney Allan, who
was wanted for embezzlement. No wonder
she wished to see every new one that was
received.

  Harper’s big hand clenched and his usual
kindly expression was replaced by one that
THE STORM WOMAN.

831

 was not so good to look upon. He glanced “I — er — thought you might have got

 out of the window again. Alice was com- some new notices,” she quavered weakly,
 ing along in her usual demure and innocent- “ That—that’s why I dropped in.”

looking manner.	Her right hand was on his desk, within

 Innocent! Demure! He laughed harsh-	six inches of where the Allan circular lay,

 ly and cynically. That was a woman for	back upward, under the paperweight. Her

 you. An angel on the surface, with her	nervous fingers fidgeted closer and closer

 soul-stirring and tear-provoking appeals to	to it.

 the men to write to their mothers, while,	“ I just pinned up a new notice,” Harper

 under the surface, her real purpose was to	told her. “ Down there on the end—see?”

 get in touch with a criminal so she could as-	She rose and looked at it.

 sist him to escape the penalty of his crime.	“ That man doesn’t look like a bad

 Harper slammed the reward notice down	man,” she remarked as she returned to his

 on his desk. A pretty fool he had made of	desk.

 himself. That was the woman he had fallen	“ Lots of criminals don’t,” Harper

 idiotically in love with; whom he had asked	stated.

 to marry him! And the only use she had	“ Do you think that all these wanted

 for him was to learn if he was looking for	men are criminals?” she asked.

 Rodney Allan, so she could warn the latter	“ Why else would they be wanted?”
 to keep away from Geyser!	“ You are very cynical to-day.” Again
 Her knock sounded on his door. He	Alice was seated at his desk, her fingers
 turned the Allan notice over on his desk	only a few inches from the overturned Al-
 and placed a paperweight on it.	Ian notice. Harper wondered what would
 “ Come in,” he said, and she entered.	happen if he showed it to her. “ Can’t you
 She was not so demure now as she had	imagine that an innocent man might be
 been, in fact she was furiously angry.	wanted?” she queried.

 “That beast, Sherrard!” she cried.	“ Innocent men don’t run away,” Harper

 “ What do you think he did?”	replied.

 “ I’ve no idea. What?” Harper’s tone	Alice sprang up.

 was cold; but he concealed his feelings.	“They do!” she cried. “If they can’t

 “ Made me an offer to give up my busi-	establish their innocence, the only sensible

 ness and become a singer and dancer in his	thing to do is to run away. Oh, you are

 resort. Five hundred dollars cash he of-	hard, hard, Jim Harper! You have no

 fered if I’d close up my shop, and a hun-	heart; you don’t understand; you take it

 dred a week salary if I’d work for him.	for granted that every man is guilty until

The brute!”	he is proved innocent!”

 Harper reflected bitterly that only a few	Harper was on his feet too. He gave

 moments before he would have been taken	Alice another keen, penetrating look. No,

 in by such talk as that, would have be-	she was not acting now. A new thought

 come as indignant as she apparently was.	came to him. What if she believed that

 But things were different now.	the man she sought — Rodney Allan, of

 “ Well?” he queried. “ What was wrong	course—was innocent of the crime he was

 with his offer? Sounds generous to me.”	wanted for? His tone was not quite so

 Alice took a step backward and stared	cold as he replied:

at him.	“ I am a sheriff, Alice. My job is to

 “ Why, Mr. Harper!”	catch wanted men; not judge if they are

 There was a catch in her voice that was	guilty or innocent.”

 almost a sob. It had no effect on the	She regained the casual demeanor that

sheriff.	usually marked her visits.

 “ You can sing and dance, can’t you?”	“ Of course,” she said. “ Good day, Mr.

 he queried. “ And act too, maybe?”	Harper.”

 She sat down heavily in the chair beside	“ Good day,” replied the sheriff,

 his desk and continued to stare at him.	He watched her as she walked back along
832

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the stretch of roadway that separated her
office from his; then he turned to the Allan
notice again.

   “ Innocent or guilty, Allan,” he said, ad-
 dressing the picture on the circular, “ my
 job is to arrest you if you show up around
 here, no matter how hard it will be on the
 little girl.” He reflected for a moment,
 then put the notice in his inside pocket.
 “ Guess I’ll keep this out of her sight so
 she’ll not learn that I want you and warn
 you to keep away from here,” he added.

V.

  Harper was glad that he had formed
the habit of keeping an eye on Alice Juno’s
office, because, now’ that his duty compelled
him to wratch for the appearance of Rodney
Allan, he could do so without exciting sus-
picion. Her business was never very brisk
during the day, and it was then that Harper
attended to his other official duties.

  With the coming of evening, however,
men from the camps thronged her place,
and then Harper made it his business to
scrutinize each and every one of them. He
carried the pictures and descriptions of all
the wanted men in his mind, but it was-
Rodney Allan that he particularly watched
for. The chance that any of the others
were working on the railroad was small, but
Alice must have reason to believe that Al-
lan wras in this district, otherwise she wrould
not have located in Geyser.

   During most of the evening, Harper sat
on a chair in front of the Lone Star, from
which he could obtain a pretty good view*
of the typing office. Occasionally he
strolled past it, and at other times he kept
a watch on the post office.

  On every hand he heard complimentary
remarks regarding Alice’s efficient service.
At the post office, Joe Blundell informed
him that his sale of money orders had dou-
bled.

   “ Fine for the relatives back home, but
not so good for Dan Sherrard,” he re-
marked.

   It wras at Blundell’s store that Harper
first caught sight of the man he wanted.
Rodney Allan did not look very handsome
now. His muddy clothes indicated that he

was employed at the lowest kind of man-
ual labor. Ugly lines had formed around
his mouth, and in his eyes was the look,

well known to Harper, of a fugitive from
justice. Despite his changed appearance,
Harper recognized him instantly.

   He paid no apparent attention to the
man, and, since he did not wear his sher-
iff’s star conspicuously, Allan paid no par-
ticular attention to him. Harper wanted,
first of all, to confirm beyond a doubt his
belief that Alice’s mission in Geyser was
to meet Allan. Then he wished to see how
the man would treat the girl who had gone
to such pains to find him. Would he ap-
preciate her efforts? Also, what was his
relation to her? Since their names were
different, he was evidently neither her
brother nor her husband. Therefore he
must be her lover.

   Allan made an insignificant purchase and
 sauntered down the roadway in the direc-
 tion of the Lone Star. He did not seem to
 notice the typing office opposite the dance
 hall, and Harper wondered if, after all, he
 was mistaken in thinking that Allan was
 the man whom Alice sought. Certainly he
 was the one described in the circular; but
 that did not prove that Alice was looking
 for him.

  Allan entered the Lone Star. Harper
followed, and sat at a corner table where
he could watch the man without being seen.

   He had felt chagrined at the possibility
 that his hypothesis regarding Allan and
 Alice w’as incorrect; but now, as he watched
 Allan, he hoped that it was. The man was
 not in the Lone Star five minutes before
 Harper was as well acquainted with his
 character as though he had known him for
 years.

   Allan’s first act was to order wrhisky;
but there was nothing damning in that. It
was the manner in which the fellow acted
toward one of the dance-hall women—the
one called Babe, w’ho had wept when Alice
begged the men to write to their mothers—
that revealed to Sheriff Jim Harper what
kind of man he had to deal with.

   Allan called Babe to his table, and she
went readily enough, her business there be-
ing to help the customers spend their
money. He talked to her low and earnest-

                         2	A
THE STORM WOMAN?

833

  !y, and there was nothing particularly
wrong about that either. But when Allan
grabbed Babe and pulled her over to him
in a manner that was too coarse for even a
woman of her type to stand, he revealed to
Harper the sort of man he was.

  The sheriff was minded to arrest him
then and there, but he withheld his hand.
Despite the fact that Allan had not gone
to the typing office, Harper still believed
that he was sought by Alice. He would
wait a while longer and see what would
happen.

  It happened quickly enough. When
Kabe pulled away from him, Allan rose and
walked to the open front door and stood
there looking across the street. Harper’s
table was close to this door. He watched
the fellow closely.

   Allan looked across the street casually.
Suddenly he uttered an ejaculation and
stood staring as though he had seen a ghost.

  “ Who—who’s that across there?” Allan
asked this of a bystander. Harper heard
him quite clearly.

   “ Ain't you heard of her?” replied the
other. “ Where you been, anyhow? That’s
the new girl that writes letters for every-
body and begs them to get in touch with
their people.”

  “ God in Heaven!” Allan muttered.
Harper knew only too well what Allan
was thinking, and for the first time in his
life he was sorry because he had reasoned
out something correctly.

  In a moment Allan crossed the street.
Harper let him go. Hardened man-hunter
as he was, he did not quite have the heart
to apprehend the man that Alice Juno had
come here to find before she had a chance
to speak to him. He stood in the doorway
of the Lone Star and watched Allan enter
the typing office. He would wait until the
man came out, then step across and click
handcuffs on his wrists.

   In her office, Alice was unusually busy
that evening. A patron sat close beside
her desk, dictating in a low tone that only
she could hear, becaues of the clatter made
by her racing type-bars. Seated along the
wall, like customers in a barber shop, others
read or thought out their messages while
awaiting their turns. Being a touch typist,

   3	A

  as all experts are, she did not need to keep

her eyes on her keys. She glanced up as
each newcomer entered, smiling if she knew

the person, nodding and indicating the wait-
ing line if she did not.

  Suddenly she gasped, and her flying fin-
gers faltered for the first time since her
arrival in Geyser. Rodney Allan stood in
the doorway. He recognized her at the in-
stant that she recognized him, and started
toward her, an eager light in his eyes, a
glad smile of recognition on his features.

  But it was no part of Alice’s plan that
the public, and eventually the sheriff, should
know that Allan was any more to her than
any other railroad worker. She shook her
head and frowned at him. He stopped
short. She indicated the line of chairs and
he grasped her message. He took his place
there and she transferred her attention
back to her work.

  She flushed with chagrin as she found
that, in the ecstasy of Allan’s arrival, her
fingers had lost touch with her brain and
she had written meaningless words. She
was compelled to stop her customer, erase
the words, and ask him to dictate his last
sentences over again. But he did so with-
out realizing that anything unusual had
happened. Nobody in the room knew it.
Only a single person, Sheriff Jim Harper,
had noticed the little drama, and he was
outside, looking through an open •window.

   It was an ordeal for Alice to write letters
for all the men who were there before Al-
lan entered. She did not even have the
satisfaction of looking at him, since the
line of chairs was behind her. One by one
her customers dictated their letters and
went out, until finally .Mian’s turn came to
sit close beside her. Others had entered
after him and were now awaiting their turn
in the same manner that he had.

  Alice had regained her composure, and,
except for a wonderful look that she flashed
at the man beside her, her treatment of him
was apparently no different from her treat-
ment of others.

  She asked whom he wished to write to,
Allan gave a name in the ordinary way,
then her typewriter clattered even louder
than for the last man. The noise that it
made was her only reason for operating it.
834

1 ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

They could exchange whispers without be-
ing overheard.

  Allan spoke first. “ Why did you come
here?” he asked.

  "To find you, of course. I was worried
to death, Rodney.”

   “ You’re not safe in a town like this.”

  “ I’m all right. It’s you that are not
safe. Did the sheriff notice you?”

  “ Who’s he? I don’t know him. I’ve
never been here before. Went to the job
through another town.”

  “ Big man. He wouldn’t know you,
though. I looked over his notices of men
wanted and you weren’t among them. But
you’ve got to be careful.”

   “ I will.”

  “ Are you all right, Rodney? You don’t
look well.”

  “ I’m fine. And you?”

  “ Good enough. I’ll never be really well
till you’ve cleared yourself.”

   “I’ll do that.”

  “ You’d better go now. We can’t keep
this up. Some one may learn that I know
you. That H never do. The sheriff sus-
pects I’m looking for a wanted man, I
think. If he learns that I know you, he
may arrest you on suspicion.”

  “ All right. See you again. Good-bv.”
  “ Good-by.”

  Her flying fingers stopped, the noise of
her machine ceased, she whirled what
looked like his letter out of the roller and
handed it to him.

  “ Sign on the bottom,” she stated aloud.
“ You may leave your letter here if you
wish and I’ll mail it. One dollar, please.”
He paid it. “ Thanks, and come again.”

   “ I will,” said Allan.

  He went out, and Alice continued her
work. Her eyes were bright now, her bear-
ing buoyant, her smile joyous. For the
first time since coming to Geyser, she looked
happy. She was blissfully ignorant of what
was happening outside.

  Allan had not proceeded more than
twenty yards from her office before Harper
stepped suddenly out of a patch of dark-
ness and handcuffed him.

  “ What—what’s this for?” the prisoner
demanded.

  “ You know,” Harper answered.

  Allan swore.

  “ Who gave me away? Did any wom-
an?” he demanded.

  Harper winced as he had when Allan
tried to embrace the dance-hall girl. This
was the man that Alice loved—one who
suspected immediately that she might have
betrayed him.

  “ No!” he said. Without further words,
Harper took him to the jail and locked him
up.

  That part of his job was easy enough.
Now came the hard part—the task of tell-
ing Alice.

  He went to her office. At the mere sight
of him the happiness drained away from her
face. The thought that his appearance af-
fected her like that was like an arrow in
his heart.

  “ I’m sorry, Miss Juno,” he said, “ but
I’m afraid I’ve got bad news for you.”

  “ What?” she cried, and leaped up irom
her desk.

  “ I have arrested Rodney Allan.”

  She stared at him, horror-stricken.
“ What for?”

  “ For embezzlement committed in Wil-
lowfield, Ohio. Why? What is he to
you?”

  “He is my husband!” Alice exclaimed,
and after giving this reply she burst into
harsh laughter.

VL

  Not a muscle of Sheriff Jim Harper’s
face moved as he heard this unwelcome an-
nouncement. He was on duty now. Per-
sonal feelings were submerged.

  “ I see,” he said. “ Would you like to
visit Mr. Allan in his cell?”

  “ Yes,” said Alice, and in silence they
proceeded to the jail building.

  Harper let her in and she remained with
the prisoner for nearly an hour. A hard,
vengeful expression disfigured her fine fea-
tures when she came out.

  “ I want to know a few things,” she said.
“ How did you know that Mr. Allan is
wanted for embezlement in Willowfield?”

  “ I received a circular stating that he
is.”

  “ When?”

  “ A few days ago."
THE STORM WOMAN.

835

  “ Let me see it.”

  Harper took the notice from his pocket
  anti handed it to her.

  “ I was here in your office only yester-
  day,” Alice said, “ and I didn’t see that no-
  tice. Where was it?”

  “ Where you couldn’t see it, of course.”

  “ Oh! You kept it hidden from me?”

  “ Naturally. If you saw it you would
  warn Allan that I was looking for him. I’d
  have no chance to catch him then.”

  “ What made you think I would warn
  him?”

  “ Because you, too, came from Willow-
  field.”

  “ How do you know that?”

  “ I saw the postmark on a letter you re-
  ceived.”

  She flared up. “ Then you are both a
  sneak and a liar! ”

  Harper shruged his shoulders. “ Abuse
  me if you wish. Officers of the law are
  used to that.”

  “ I mean it. You tricked me by keeping
  that notice hidden while you led me to be-
  lieve you were letting me see all of them.”

  “ All right. What of it? I am a sheriff,
  you know.”

  “ Does a sheriff have to become a cheat
  and a liar?”

  “ A sheriff must enforce the law. And he
  couldn’t do that if he told everything he
  knew.”

  “ Oh, I despise you! ” Alice cried. “ You
  —you said you were my friend. And all
  the time you were only leading me into a
  trap to betray my husband.”

  “ I am still your friend.”

  “ Then prove it. Let your prisoner go.”
  Harper smiled grimly.

  “ That’s impossible.”

  “ It is possible, but you won’t do it.”

  “ 7'hat’s it: I won’t.”

  “ Oh. God!” She collapsed into a chair
  and sobbed.

  Harper looked down at her and shook his
  head in silent pity. Such loyalty to a worth-
  less man! He knew that Allan was worth-
  less just as well as he knew that Alice was
  one woman in ten thousand. The man’s
  attempted courtship of Babe in the dance
  had had proved the former. The pity
  of it. A man whose advances had been re-

  jected by a dance hall hussy was loved by
  such a woman as this. He sat down beside
  her.

 “ Mrs. Allan,” he said, “ I infer from
 what you said about innocent men being
 wanted the other day that you think your
 husband is innocent. Is that right?”

 “ I brow he is innocent,” she sobbed.

 “ What makes you think that? The Wil-
 lowfield authorities would not send out cir-
 culars unless the evidence in their possession
 was pretty strong.”

 “ He says he is innocent. That is
 enough.”

 Harper shrugged his shoulders.

 “ Why did he run away?”

 “ Because he could not prove his inno-
 cence.”

 “ Are you quite positive that, in addition
 to being innocent, he is a loyal husband?”

 “ The best in the world.”

 “ Has he never done anything that might
 lead you to believe he may not be true to
 you?”

 Alice rose.

 “ A while ago you spoke about doing your
 duty,” she said. “ Does your duty include
 the making of base insinuations calculated
 to stir up strife between a husband and
 wife?”

 Harper had been tempted to tell her
 about the dance hall incident, but, after
 all, what business of his was it? His duty
 was done. Alice and his prisoner were
 husband and wife. He recollected the bib-
 lical injunction not to put asunder those
 whom God has joined together.

 “ I’m sorry if my remark appeared to be
 an insinuation,” he said.

 She rose to go.

 “ Thank you,” she said coldly.

 “ Would you like me to accompany you
 to your office?” Harper queried. “ It’s dan-
 gerous for you to go about alone in Geyser
 on a dark night.”

 “ No,” said Alice, and went out.

 Harper stood at his door and wTatched
 her as she disappeared in the night. Then
 he slumped down in his chair and sat there,
 staring straight ahead of him.

 Outside, stumbling along the dark patch
 of roadway, Alice quivered with suppressed
836

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 fury as she approached the radius of the
 Lone Star lights. Her interview with Allan
 had aroused in her an intense desire to set
 him free by any means, fair or foul.

   The revelry in the dance hall was reach-
 ing its climax. None of the sensible work-
 ers who sought only mild recreation re-
 mained. No one that was even half sober
 was in the place now. The tin-pannv piano
 whanged, a fuddle screeched, a trombone
 blared. Heavy feet scuffed the floor, drunk-
 en laughter boomed, the shrill cries of aban-
 doned women cut through the hideous din
 of the riotous night. Outside an occasional
 sinister figure slithered through the darkness
 like a prowling wolf.

   But it was not of the danger that men-
 aced a lone woman on every hand that
 Alice thought. A new and terrible idea was
 sizzling in her brain.

  Those men in the Lone Star! She had
 swayed the men of Geyser once; had moved
 them by the power of her voice and per-
 sonality to do what she wanted them to do.
 Could she repeat the performance?

   Obviously the Lone Star revelers were in
 the mood for mischief. Could she inspire
 them to real deviltry? Could she make
 them do a lawless thing? Could she per-
 suade them to raid Jim Harper’s jail and
 liberate the man she loved?

   She played with the thought as a child
 plays with fire. The law had cheated and
 tricked her; why should she not trick and
 cheat the law?

   Sl.e felt suddenly that she could do it:
 that she could enter that sink hole of in-
 iquity and move the reckless men there to
 do her bidding. A sense of power welled
 up within her. Why not use her power?

   Allan was guiltless of any wrongdoing,
 and yet, through the power of circumstan-
 tial evidence and the technique of the law
 that makes one partner liable for the wrong-
 doing of the other, he would probably have
 to spend long years in prison. But she
 could save him from it.

  Suddenly her mind was made up. She
 hurried to the evil resort and entered it.

   Sherrard was at her side immediately,
 his snaky eyes agleam. his oily smile spread
 wide upon his degenerate features.

   “ You! ” he cried. “ Never was anybody

half so welcome! You have reconsidered

 my offer. You have come to me at last!"

   “ Sherrard,” Alice snapped. “ I want you
 to do me a favor. I want to talk to these
 men. Will you let me?”

   Sherrard made a sweeping bow.

    “ My dearest girl,” he said, “ the place is
 yours.”

                     VII.

    There was a little stage at the end of the
 dancing floor and it was toward this, under
 Sherrard’s leadership, that Alice made her
 way.

    She paid no attention to the fact that, in
 merely setting foot inside a resort of this
 nature, a respectable woman endangered her
 reputation. Sights that at other times
 would have sent her scurrying out of any
 such place made no impression on her now.
 She brushed against painted women that
 she had shrunk from on the street as though
 they were afflicted with leprosy and the
 contact affected her not at all. Blasphe-
 mous ejaculations and lewd phrases reached
 her ears, but did not register on her mind.
 Leering looks went unnoticed. Sherrard's
 significant phrase. “ my dearest girl,” car-
 ried no sinister meaning to her single-pur-
 posed mind.

   She thought of only one thing: she had
unwittingly' delivered the man she loved into
the hands of the law and she proposed to
brew a storm of disorder and lawlessness
that would set him free. The possibility
that she herself might be engulfed in such
a storm did not occur to her any more than
the thought of a holocaust occurs to a child
who strikes matches.

   On the platform Sherrard held up his
hand and demanded attention, and in a
moment he secured it.

   “ Men,” he shouted with no more regard
for the women in h{s employ than if they
were pins in his bowling alley, this little
girl wants to talk to you, and I want you to
listen. You know who she is; she’s the
sweet-faced kid that mails your alimony
to your ex-wife when you don’t want to do
it yourself. You may' have got the im-
pression that she’s a stuck-up sister who
considers herself too good to play around
with rough guys like you and me, but that's
THE STORM WOMAN.

837

   where you’re mistaken. She’s a regular fel-
low!” ’

   A drink-crazed reveler let loose a war
whoop and flung his hat at the ceiling.

   “ Hurrah for lil girl!” he shouted. “ Go
to it, kid; we’re all ears, like a jackass.”

   A wild outburst of shouts and cheers sec-
onded this sentiment. The tumult added
fresh fuel to the flame of Alice’s reckless
desire.

   “ My friends—” she began.

   “You bet we’re your friends!”

   “ It wasn’t only to write letters for you
that I came to Geyser. Principally it was
to find the man who means more to me than
anybody else in the world.”

   “ Hurrah for the man! ”

   “ He was driven away from home, men,
by the same kind of misfortune that prob-
ably drove some of you away from your
friends and family. He was unjustly ac-
cused of embezzling money. He didn’t—it
was his partner—but he was equally liable,
so he ran away and came out here to try
to earn enough money to make good his
partner’s theft. I don’t know whether any
of you know Rodney Allan or not—”

   “ I know him,” some one shouted.

   “ So do I; he’s all right.”

   It did not occur to Alice that encomiums
from men such as these were questionable
recommendations of character.

   “ Boys,” she went on, “ when I came to
Geyser, under my maiden name of Juno,
the first man I met was your sheriff, Jim
Harper. He acted like a pretty good fellow.
He helped me get started in business, he
swore he would protect me, he said he
would do anything he could to further my
interests.

  “ But he didn’t, men. All he wanted
was to gain my confidence, so he could learn
my real business. He suspected that I
wanted to get in touch with some one who
was wanted by the police, and he made up
his mind to learn who the man was and
grab the reward that would be offered for
his capture. That’s the kind of a friend
Jim Harper is.

   “ He succeeded, boys. He was too smart
for me. He knows all the tricks of the man-
catching trade, and I don’t. One of his
schemes was to encourage me to look at the

Man Wanted circulars on file in his office

in the hope, as I can see now, that I would

betray myself if one of them described the
man I was looking for. He hadn’t received
a notice about Mr. Allan then, so he failed

in that scheme.

  “ His next piece of trickery was to ex-
amine my personal letters. He found out
that I came from Willowfield, Ohio. Then
he received a circular saying that Rodney
Allan was wanted there, and he put two
and two together and rightly guessed that
Mr. Allan was the man I was trying to find.

  “ Then came his lowest trick of all. Har-
per pretended to show me all his new cir-
culars, but he kept the Allan one concealed.
That prevented me from putting Mr. Allan
on his guard. Mr. Allan learned that I was
here, as I figured he would, and this eve-
ning he came to see me. Harper was on the
lookout for him. He recognized him from
his picture and description and locked him
up.”

  Angry growls from her audience encour-
aged Alice.

  “ As if that wasn’t enough, men,” she
went on, “ this noble sheriff of yours insin-
uated that the man I came here to find is
not worth my efforts on his behalf, is not
true to me. No straight-out accusation,
mind you; just a mean insinuation that Mr.
Allan is no good. What do you think of an
effort like that to separate a husband and
wife? Because that is what we are, my
friends. Rodney Allan is my husband! ”
Fierce cries rang out.

  “ T’ hell with Jim Harper!”

  “ We seen him tryin’ to make love to
you.”

  “ You’re the kind of a wife to have.”

  At the side of the hall the woman called
Babe rose and began to push through the
crowd to Alice’s platform. Sherrard saw
her and grabbed her roughly by the arm.

  “ What’s eatin’ you?” he demanded.

   “ I want to tell that girl something,” Babe
said. “ She’s a good kid; she got me writ-
in’ to my mother. I want to tell her that
Harper is right; her man is a dirty dog.”
Sherrard shook her. “ You open your
trap about that, Babe, and I’ll hand you
a wallop. Understand?” He pushed her
away and she returned to her seat.
838

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Alice was playing upon the emotions of
her reckless audience now as a musician*
plays upon a harp. In passionate language
she appealed to them to cheat Jim Harper
of his prey, to storm his flimsy jail and lib-
erate Rodney Allan. They could easily do
it, she said. In the darkness Harper would
not recognize them.

   Wrere they real men, she asked, or only
imitation men? Would they allow a help-
less woman to be bullied and cheated and
lied to by a brute of a sheriff? Would they
give their companion worker, Rodney Allan,
a chance to earn the money he was charged
with stealing and thus prevent his convic-
tion, on technical evidence, for a crime he
did not commit? She ended up with the
greatest oratorical effort of her life, and,
quivering like a leaf, awaited their verdict.
It came quickly.

   “ We’re with you, kid!”

   “ Lead us to him! ”

   “ You’re dam’ right we’ll get Allan out!”

“ T’ hell with the sheriff an’ the law!”
Sherrard said nothing at all. He stood
at one side, eying Alice as a cat eyes a
mouse within reach of its claws, an evil
smirk upon his degenerate features.

  A great hair giant of a man appointed
himself leader of the mob. “ Follow me,
boys,” he cried. “ Let’s go!”

   Pell-mell, the men tumbled out into the
street, shouting and singing ribald songs.
Alice was at their head. Sherrard remained
behind in his establishment. Liquor and
excitement had not robbed him of his wits.
He would play the fox’s game. His crazy
patrons could brave the danger; he would
reap the reward.

  Toward the temporary jail in which
Sheriff Harper lodged his prisoners before
taking them to a stronger one, the mob
made its disorderly way. Some had lighted
makeshift torches, such as brooms and rags
tied to sticks after being soaked in kerosene,
and the flickering tongues of fire from these
shot high into the darkness of the night,
lighting up the marches in weird and terri-
fying fashion.

VIII.

  The tumult of such an advance could
not fail to awaken any one w-ithin a quarter

 of a mile. While they were still two hun-
 dred feet from the impromptu jail—a flimsy
 wooden structure, hurriedly flung together
 at the first influx of the disorderly element
 —a light flared up inside, showing that
 Harper was out of bed and doubtless pre-
 paring for the coming encounter. As the
 marchers approached, his door flung open,
 releasing a long shaft of light that fell upon
 the mob leaders and caused them to slow
 up a bit, and Jim Harper stood there con-
 fronting them.

   He was fully dressed, except for his coat.
 His pistol belt was about his waist, show-
 ing two holsters with heavy pistol butts
 sticking out of them. He stood there with
 a grim smile upon his firm features and
 eyed the approaching rabble with an ex-
 pression of contempt that suddenly changed
 to one of grave concern as he descried the
 girl he knew as Alice Juno at their head.

  “ That’s far enough! ” he shouted. Stay
 right where you are. I can hear anything
 you say. Another step and somebody is
 liable to get hurt.” His fingers played with
 the butts of his guns.

  The mob was not too reckless to heed
 his words. Those in front stopped dead in
 their tracks. Those behind continued to
 advance, and for a little while succeeded
 in pushing the front line forward. Then
 Harper whipped out two guns and the whole
 body halted as though their feet were caught
 by invisible traps, but not before they had
 arrived within thirty or forty feet of him.

  “ What do you want?” he demanded.
 Alice, in front, paid no more attention
 to his guns than if they had been firecrack-
 ers. She walked right up to him.

  “We want Rodney Allan!” she pro-
 claimed.

  Harper’s reply was calm.

  “ You know that’s imjwssible.”

  “ We’re going to get him,” Alice cried.
“ You can’t fight off thirty or forty men.
You’d better give him up.”

  “ What will you do if I don’t?”

  “ Storm your jail. Burn it down. Any-
thing.”

   “ Some one will get hurt.”

   “ It ’11 be you, then.” With a spring that
look Harper by surprise she flung herself
upon him and grasped him around the neck.
THE STORM WOMAN’.

839

   “ I’ve got him,” she cried to the men be-
hind her. u Come on! ”

   Alice’s unexpected onslaught threw Har-
per off his balance and sent him staggering
backward. Her slim arms, tightening about
his neck, were choking him. He continued
to clutch his guns, and for that reason could
not use his fingers to wrench her arms away
from his neck, but he had no thought of
firing the weapons. Seeing his predicament,
the mob surged into the office and piled up
on Harper, forcing him down on the floor.
Alice released him as the others grabbed
him, and darted for a key that was hanging
on a nail.

   As the sheriff and his assailants engaged
in a desperate conflict on the floor, rolling
over and over, upsetting chairs and tables,
one of his guns was kicked out of his hands
and clattered across the floor. Alice
grabbed it.

   He retained the other and could undoubt-
edly have used it to deadly effect had he
chosen. But even in the extremity of his
struggle against overwhelming odds, his first
thought was for Alice. He could not see
whom he was fighting. For all he knew,
she was one of the many who were over-
powering him, and on that account he re-
frained from firing. He even withdrew
his finger from the trigger, lest the weapon
should go off accidentally. He managed
to get his right hand, which held it, under-
neath his body, and on his knees like a
wrestler with half a dozen men on top of
him, he ceased struggling for a moment in
preparation for another effort to throw off
his assailants.

   Meanwhile Alice, with the key, rushed to
the cell door. The prisoner, of course, was
awake. With the first appearance of the
mob, Allan had crumpled in his cell as
dreadful thoughts of lynchers came to his
mind: then, as he saw Alice through the
bars, he realized that the mob meant to
free, not lynch him, and he stood palpitating
at the cell door and yelling encouragement
to Alice and her followers.

  She unlocked the door and thrust the
pistol she had picked up into her husband’s
hand. “ Run!” she cried. “ Get into the
bush outside the town and then make for
the mountains.”

  Allan grabbed the gun and made for the

door.

   Still on his knees, with his assailants on

top of him, Harper caught a glimpse of the
prisoner escaping and the sight nerved him
to a supreme effort. Since his pistol hand

was free, he was able to jam the gun into
his holster. That enabled him to use his
right hand. With a prodigious effort, he
heaved to his feet and struck out with both
hands, working toward the door as he did so.

  Only one thought was in his mind now:
to recapture the prisoner whom he had seen
escaping. He fought his way out, flung
off his last enemy, and, seeing Allan dash-
ing for the near-by trees that fringed a
creek, he made after him at top speed.

  Meanwhile an unexpected development
had been taking place outside the jail.
Many of the mob had been unable to get
inside Harper’s office, and others probably
retained sense enough to keep out, and these
had set fire to the building, doubtless with
the idea of freeing the prisoner by that most
desperate of all methods should their other
efforts fail. The fact that they might in-
cinerate Allan in the process had evidently
not occurred to them.

  With Harper gone, the men inside the
structure came tumbling out, Alice along
with them, and so surprised and delighted
were they by the blood-tingling sight of a
building aflame that they were diverted
from their purpose of pursuing the sheriff.

  The blaze was rapidly gaining headway.
Red ribbons of flame were darting higher
and higher, licking at the black sky like
the fiery tongues of monsters from the in-
ferno, lighting up the faces of men whose
passions were as uncontrolled as the flames.
The fire crackled, spat, and cannonaded,
as it gnawed at the dry board structure.

  Its fury seemed to add to the triumphant
frenzy of the men who had been intoxicated
with liquor, to begin with. They were be-
side themselves now. All thought of the
escaped prisoner seemed to vanish. They
had accomplished what they set out to do,
and now they would celebrate their triumph.
Their wild shouts, like those of Indians on
the war path, rang out above the fierce ac-
companiment of the roaring flames. They
danced and flung hats into the air.
840

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   But Alice did not join their revels. A
sudden revulsion of feeling swept over her as
she saw Jim Harper’s personal and treasured
belongings menaced by the fiery destroyer.
After all, Harper had done various deeds of
kindness for her; he was only doing his duty
now.

   Alone, she dashed into the office before
the flames, which had been kindled at the
back of the structure, reached it. She
grabbed one end of his cot and dragged it
outside.

   “Help me!” she cried to her followers.
“ We’ve got to save his stuff.”

   “ T’ hell with his stuff!” shouted some
one in reply. “ Let ’er bum.”

   She was going back into the place alone
for more of Harper’s belongings when a
heavy hand grasped her shoulder and the
big man who had acted as mob leader
grinned at her.

   “ Never mind that, girly,” he said.
“ We’re all goin’ back to the Lone Star to
licker up and celebrate right.” Before she
could protest he picked her up as though she
were a doll and swung her to a sitting pos-
ture on his massive shoulder.

   “ Come on, boys!” he cried. “ Back to
the joint! Let's make a night of it!”

   Alice was helpless. Her captor called
for cheers for her, and these were given
with ear-splitting vigor. The gang started
singing “ We Won’t Go Home Till Morn-
ing,” and set off for the saloon, leaving the
fire to bum itself out.

IX.

   To Alice, perched on the shoulder of a
man who was intoxicated with both liquor
and excitement, the triumphant parade
back to the Lone Star was not the hilarious
event that it w7as to the others.

   She wanted to escape from this crazy
mob, but her chance to do so seemed slim.
She had no desire to participate in a bar-
room celebration with drunken men and
abandoned women. Now that her husband
had been set free, she felt a reaction against
the lawless disorder of the night.

   But, having brewed the storm, she real-
ized that it would be no easy matter to
escape from the effects of it.

   At the dance hall, the man who carried

her on his shoulders seemed to sense her
desire to quit the riotous assemblage, and
he made it his business to guard her as
though she were a prisoner.

   “ Up to the bar, everybody!” he called
out, and pushed Alice there along with the
others. “ What HI you have, sister?’’ he
asked her.

    “ Nothing.’’ said Alice. “ I don’t drink.-’

   “Bunk!” he cried. “You can’t come
that on this bunch. Wine for the lady!”
he shouted, and the bartender set a glass
of the sparkling beverage on the counter
in front of her.

   Everybody was looking at her. seemingly
 in wonder that she was not as enthusiastic
 in celebrating their victory over law and
 order as she had been in battling for that
 victory. She did not wish to antagonize
 them; she felt that she owed them a great
 deal, indeed, so, by way of showing her ap-
 preciation of their efforts on her behalf, she
 swallowed the wine.

   “ Want to set ’em up for the crowd?”
the bartender asked her.

   “Sure she does!” bellowed her giant
companion.

   She paid for the round—a large amount,
since the Lone Star was packed now with
all-night revelers from other resorts who
had heard about the jail delivery. It
seemed a sinful waste of money to spend
so much for liquor. She would have pre-
ferred to reward the men in some other
way, but since they were not backward
about informing her that this was the re-
ward they preferred, she “ set ’em up ” a
second time, and then a third.

   Then the dancing started.

   Alice had no desire to dance, but she
quickly found that she was virtually com-
pelled to do so. On all sides she was sur-
rounded by her celebrating companions.
The first grabbed her as though she were
one of the painted women, and she pulled
away from him, only to pitch into the amis
of another member of the gang. This one
treated her in a less rowdy manner, and she
circled the floor with him, after which he
passed her along to a hilarious companion,
who danced with her for a while and in
turn passed her to another man.
THE STORM WOMAN-.

841

  She felt cheap and sordid and low, but
there did not seem to be anything she could
do about it. She flashed a silent appeal at
Dan Sherrard, who watched her from the
little platform at the end of the dancing
space. He grinned at her in a peculiar
manner, but did not come to her aid.

  Men and women were dancing now with
glasses of liquor in their hands. They
thrust these glasses into Alice’s face and in-
sisted that she should drink. She refused—
she was determined not to drink another
drop no matter what happened—and this
enraged one man to such an extent that he
threw his glass of liquor into her face. A
fight threatened then, but the man was
dragged away and the “ fun ” proceeded.
The woman called Babe wiped Alice’s face
and said, “ You gotta get used to rough
guys like that, deary.”

  Suddenly the big fellow who had born
her to the dance hall on his shoulder el-
bowed his way through the mob that sur-
rounded her, and, before she knew what he
was about, seized her as before and boosted
her up on top of a table.

   “ Le’s see y’ dance, kid,” he said.
Enraged and alarmed now, Alice looked
down at the crowd that surged around her,
laughing and shouting, cheering her and
commanding her to dance.

  “I won’t!” she cried. “You have no
right to ask me to make a show of my-
self!”

  “ Huh? Wha’s matter, kid?” The big
fellow was leering up into her face. “ Ain’t
we all havin’ good time togezzer? Ain’t
gettin’ ’shamed o’ your little playmates, are
yuh?”

  Looking all around her, Alice saw that
the drunken grins of the men were slowly
giving way to more alarming expressions.

  “ I want to get out of here! ” she ex-
claimed, and tried to jump to the floor.

  Hands clutched her ankles and held her
to the table top.

  “ What t’ hell’s the matter with you?”
snarled the big fellow’. “ Ain’t wre good
enough for you? We were all right a little
while ago when you wanted us to set that
damned good-for-nothin’ husband of yours
free. We did it, didn’t we? An’ now we
can go t’ hell! We can, heh?”

  “ Are you insane? Do you know what

you’re saying?” she cried.

  The big fellow’s laughter rang through
the hall. An ominous silence had fallen on
the lawless assemblage. Scowls were on
every face.

  “ Think we swallowed that guff o’ yours
about Allan bein’ an innocent guy? The
hell we did! Think we don’t know him?
I’ll say we do! Right this evenin’ he wras
here, lappin’ up booze and tryin’ to get
fresh with the girls—”

   “ You lie! ”

  “ How about it, boys?” The big fellow
appealed to his companions. “ Ain’t that
guy that we got out o’ jail the same one
that was gettin’ fresh with Babe?”

  “ He sure was.”

  “ Helluva nerve she’s got, pullin’ that
Sunday-go-to-meetin’ stuff on us.”

  “His wife? Maybe!”

  These and similar expressions came from
every side.

  “ You are liars! All of you!” Alice
looked down into the sea of brutal, leering
faces. “ Let me out of here,” she cried.

  “ Not till we’re through with you, kid,”
answered the big fellow. “ Not till you
show a lil appreciation of what we done for
you. We risked a heap o’ trouble to get
your man out, an’ now, by Jupiter, you’re
goin’ to give us a little fun.”

  Alice glimpsed Sherrard, elbowing
through the crowd to her table. He reached
her side and whispered:

  “ You’re in a bad jam, girlie. I can
get you out, but you got to be nice to me
afterward. See? I’ve been struck on you
from the minute I saw you—”

  With all her strength Alice slapped Sher-
rard’s face.

  “ All right, damn you! The w’olves can
have you. I’m through.” The proprietor
moved away, cursing and swearing.

  Babe saw him coming in her direction
and moved hastily off. She was afraid of
Sherrard. She went out to the veranda and
stood there, looking in at Alice, and from
her to the distant lights of the nearest rail-
road camp.

  Around the table on which Alice still
stood, the crowd of brutes jammed closer
and closer. She looked down into their evil
842

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 faces. She recollected that these men were
 the lowest dregs of all the camp? on the
 line. The stench of their liquor-laden
 breath was in her nostrils.

    There was no drunken joviality in their
 expression now. Because she refused to
 participate in their revel in the same way
 that the abandoned women of the place
 did. they seemed to think that she had
 duped and cheated them. Their drink-in-
 flamed eyes, on a level with her ankles,
 looked scarcely human. In all that crowd,
 now that Babe was gone, there was not one
 friendly face. The female habitues, de-
 lighted with the opportunity for revenge
 upon a woman who had spurned them in
 the past, were as merciless as the men.

    In a flash of understanding, Alice real-
 ized now what a dreadful mistake she had
 made when she inflamed these bestial men
 to lawless conduct. Deliberately, with the
 power of her eloquence, she had brewed a
 storm. She had persuaded them to outrage
 the law- that was her sole protection against
 their evil nature. Without the law, she
 could not have existed in Geyser. She had
 temporarily abolished that law without tak-
 ing into account that in so doing she had
 swept away the bulwark that protected her.
 Now’ she stood alone, unprotected, power-
 less to save herself from the abyss of an-
 archy that she herself had uncovered.

   “Shake it up. kid! If you think you
 can get us to do your dirty work and then
 tell us to go to hell, you got another guess
 cornin’. Show us the hootchy-kootchy! ”

    A closed fist jabbed at her ankles, and
 she kicked the owner of it full in the face.
 His snarl of rage was echoed by the others.
 Many hands reached up at her.

   Then the. miracle happened. Her agon-
 ized eyes caught sight of a figure that
 lurched through the open door—a man with
 blood on his face and clothing torn, but
 with a glint of determination in his eyes
 that brought an involuntary prayer
 thanksgiving to her lips. The man
 Sheriff Jim Harper!

  X.

When Harper caught sight of his p
oner, Allan, dashing out into the night,

one and only thought was to recapture him.
In the darkness he could see the fellow's

vague outline flitting toward the cotton-
woods by the creek and he made after him
on the run. His pace was none too fast,
because of the high-heeled riding boots he
wore. Presently Allan gained the shelter
of the trees and disappeared among them.

   The pistol that Harper had placed in his
holster was still there, and as he ran be
drew it for a shot at the fleeing figure in
front. Then a thought came to him and
he withheld his fire, thus allowing Allan to
reach the cottonwoods. The fugitive was
the man that Alice loved; he must not in-
jure him if it was possible to capture him
otherwise.

   Harper did not know that Allan possessed
his other gun, the one that had been kicked
out of his hand and which Alice had hand-
ed to the prisoner. He was soon to find
out, however. A sharp report rang out m
front, a stab of fire cut the darkness, and
the zip of a bullet warned Harper that lie
had narrowly escaped being hit. He
jumped behind a tree and returned the
shot.

   He knew now that it was his missing
weapon that .Mian possessed. Its report
was familiar. Five of its six chambers had
been loaded, the one underneath the ham-
mer being empty as always, and of these
cartridges one had been fired. There re-
mained four shots at Allan’s command.

   Harper, on the other hand, still had his
belt around his waist, and thus possessed
abundant ammunition.

   The sheriff paused for a moment behind
his tree, then edged forward to the shelter
of another. .Mian’s gun barked again and
again missed, and Harper heard the man’s
footsteps splashing in the creek and clam-
bering up the high rim-rock beyond it. He
hurried to the creek and crossed it as noise-
lessly as possible, but not without drawing
another shot. That left two in Allan’s gun.
Also the fugitive disclosed his position,
halfway up*the cliff.

Pistol in hand. Harper ran to a pathway
near by and made his way as fast as pos-
sible upward to the high benchland that
is- lay on that side of the town. From the
lis occasional sounds that Allan made he knew
THE STORM WOMAN.

843

   that the fugitive, unaware of the path's ex-
   istence, was also making his way upward
   with less speed and more difficulty.

  At the top, Harper lay prone on the
ground for two reasons. He was winded,
and, in the moonlight that now lighted up
the scene to some extent, he would be able
to sight Allan when the latter reached the
top.

   In a moment the fugitive appeared over
 the rim. Harper rose and ran forward.

   Allan, hearing the footsteps of his pur-
 suer, ran also—not away from the rim along
 the level land, but along the edge of it as
 though in search of a draw or coulee into
 which he could escape.

   To halt his quarry, Harper fired a shot
 into the air. Allan turned then and fired
 twice in quick succession. Harper felt a
 stinging sensation in his shoulder, but he
 did not halt. Allan had no more cartridges.
 The pursuit would soon be over. He yelled
 to the fugitive to stop, but the latter paid
 no attention.

   Harper fired again—not at the man, be-
 cause he was Alice’s husband, but in the
 air in an effort to frighten him into sur-
 render. It only caused Allan to dash to
 the edge of the rim-rock. He stood there
 for a second and Harper figured that he
 had him. He approached to within a few
 feet. He knew that beyond Allan there
 was a sheer drop of many feet to jagged
 rocks below.

   Allan, however, did not seem to know
that. Apparently he thought that the rim-
rock at this point was formed in the same
manner as at the point where he clambered
up. He put his hand on the ground and
jumped over, evidently expecting to land
on his feet two or three feet below.

   His feet struck nothing. He tried to re-
 cover himself with the hand he had placed
 on the rim. In the moonlight that now
 lighted up the scene to some extent, Harper
 glimpsed a frightful look on the man’s face
 as he grasped at the edge of the rock for a
 hold. He tried to grab Allan’s hand to
 pull him up, but he was too late. The
 man’s fingers slipped over the edge. A hor-
 rible thud sounded from below.

   As fast as he could, Harper made his way
 downward to where Allan lay. He was un-

  conscious, but his heart was beating. Har-
per hoisted him to his shoulder and stag-
gered down the slope. The sky-licking
flames from his burning jail helped to light
his pathway. The pain in his own shoulder
was increasing and his strength was begin-
ning to ebb, but still he staggered along,
carrying the unconscious husband of the
woman he loved.

  In the meantime the dance-hall girl
known as Babe was also engaged in a des-
perate effort. When she ran out of the
Lone Star and looked back at Alice she
tried to think of some way to help the girl
who had befriended her. Seeing the lights
of a railroad camp in the distance, she de-
cided to go there and summon help. She
ran at first, but speedily found that she did
not possess the stamina for such strenuous
exercise. Sobbing and gasping for breath,
she stumbled on through the darkness.

  Only too well she realized the danger
that threatened the girl who had inspired
her to write to her mother for the first time
in years. In her queer way, she loved
Alice. The typist had been so sympathetic:
had not laughed at the palpable lies she dic-
tated to her mother; had even suggested
additional ones. Anything to make her
mother happy, she said. And Babe’s
mother had replied! Babe had sent money
home then, had reestablished family ties,
had felt almost respectable again when her
mother invited her to spend a month or
two at the old home.

  That was an impossible proposition, of
course. Only too well, Babe knew that she
would unwittingly betray her real character
ten minutes after she struck the old town.
But letters from her mother arrived regu-
larly now. They were the only bright spots
in an existence that she loathed but could
not escape from, and never would she for-
get the girl who had made them possible.

  After what seemed hours of labored ef-
fort, Babe glimpsed a light in the bunk-
house, and toward it she directed her wab-
bling footsteps. The door was unlocked
and she plunged in. All the occupants were
in bed and apparently asleep. The oil
lamp was turned low, for some late-comer
probably.

  Babe spied a tin wash basin. She seized
844

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

it and pounded upon it with the dipper.
Immediately men sat up, sleepy-eyed and
profane, demanding to know the cause of
the disturbance.

  “The girl that writes letters!” Babe
gasped. “ They’ve got her in the Lone
Star and they won’t let her out. They’re
makin’ her drink, makin’ her dance! For
the love o’ Gawd, get her out, men; get
her out!”

  A man jumped out of his bunk and dived
into his clothes with no more regard for
Babe’s presence than if she were a wooden
post.

  “Come on, boys!” he cried. “Well
show that joint wrhat’s what. We’ll clean
’em out! Are you with me?”

  Every man in the bunkhouse was. They
flung into necessary garments, shot out the
door, and set off for town on the run. Babe
trailed along far behind.

XI.

   Alice's joy when she beheld her husband
that evening for the first time in many
months had been great, but not so great as
■was her joy now7 at the sight of Jim Harper
in the doorway of the Lone Star.

  Two seconds before he appeared she was
in the worst panic of her life. Fear had
almost paralyzed her. Vicious eyes were
gleaming up at her from all sides, hands
were reaching up and grasping at her an-
kles and skirts. In another moment she
would have been pulled down from the
table to a fate that she dared not guess at.

  But now Jim Harper had arrived! In-
stantly her peril seemed to dissipate. True,
he was badly done up, but what of that?
The sight of his broad shoulders, his de-
termined features, his glinting eyes, was
like the sight of water to a traveler crazed
with thirst. For the first time she realized
that during all the days she had been in
Geyser he was a prop upon which she had
unwittingly leaned. He was the law! The
same law that she had just now mocked
and derided and rebelled against. What a
fool she had been to unleash the storm that
had temporarily routed the law7! At its
very worst, it was still immeasurably pref-
erable to the anarchy that followed it.

  But the damage was done, the storm was
unleashed, and the mere fact that she
wished order restored did not necessarily
mean that it would be restored. With a
fresh chill of apprehension, she realized
that Harper was only one man against fifty
or sixty—an exhausted man at that.

   At first sight of the sheriff the mob that
surrounded her had momentarily ceased its
tumult; but now, as the men realized the
sheriff’s spent condition and recollected that
they had, as they thought, run him out of
town, the spirit of disorder inspired them
afresh, and they let loose a pandemonium
of yells and cries of what they would do to
him if he tried to interfere.

  Harper regarded them for a moment in
silence. His strength was going fast, but
this was the supreme moment of his life.
The woman he loved was in peril—deadly
peril. In their present drunken and in-
flamed state, the brutes w ho surrounded her
would stop at nothing. He drew his pistol
and summoned every ounce of his remain-
ing strength. This, the biggest effort of his
life, must not fail.

  He held his pistol by his side and ad-
vanced to within three or four feet of the
edge of the crowd. Every eye was upon
him.

  “ A passage!” he demanded. “ Open it,
or I’ll shoot it open!”

  His gun pointed toward the table. The
man immediately in front of it edged to
one side, then the next did likewise. This
left a third man directly in front of the
pistol. Evidently he meant to stand his
ground. But Harper’s glinting eyes were
upon him, and so was the sinister black
muzzle of the gun, so he, too, edged out of
the line of fire. In thirty seconds there w as
a clear pathway between Alice’s table and
the sheriff. She leaped dowrn, dashed along
it, and stood panting beside her rescuer.

  Together they backed toward the door,
the mob inching forward as the two retreat-
ed, but held at bay, despite its overwhelm-
ing numbers, by the gleam in Harper’s eye
and the threat of the pistol in his hand.

   Yells sounded outside, and Alice wheeled
in alarm to face this fresh menace.

  Then she saw it was no menace. It was
the men that Babe had aroused at the grad-
THE STORM WOMAN.

845

ing camp. They gathered around her and
Harper until they grasped the situation,
then flung themselves upon the mob that
kept inching forward as steadily as Harper
kept retreating.

    The scene that followed was probably
 the wildest that had ever occurred in that
 theater of many disorderly affairs. Fists
 swung on every side, curses mingled with
 groans, tables crashed to the floor, women
 screamed, pandemonium reigned. One of
 the big hanging oil lamps was struck by a
 chair swung high overhead by some frantic
 battler, and fell, blazing, to the floor. A
 fire started in some tawdry draperies and
 everybody made for the doors.

    All at once Alice realized that she was
 safe and that Harper was by her side. His
 arm was around her shoulder. Somehow
 it gave her a delicious feeling of security.
 Her battle was at an end. She wanted to
 rest. She wondered where her husband
 was. She wanted to ask, but she could not.
 A feeling of drowsiness was overpowering
 her. She fainted.

    The fighting ceased as the blaze inside
 grew. There was no attempt to save the
 Lone Star by the men who had just arrived
 from the camp. In fact they yelled their
 approval of its destruction just as the mob
 had previously cheered the burning of the
 jail. Harper shouted orders to them to get
 pails from Blundell’s store and form a
 bucket brigade to wet down the buildings
 adjacent to the dance hall and thus keep
 the fire from spreading. They began to
 carry out his orders, and then he carried
 Alice across to her door, which he burst
 open since he did not have the key, and
 laid her on her couch.

  Babe came stumbling in at that moment,
breathing like a broken bellows.

  “ Is—is she hurt?” she gasped.

  “ No,” said Harper. “ Just fainted. All
right in a minute. Stay here with her till
I come back, will you?”

  Babe was very willing to do this, and
Harper left the office. He saw that the
fire was being brought under control, and
he proceeded shakily to the residence of the
railroad doctor, stationed in the village,
where he had the slight but painful bullet
wound in his shoulder dressed.

   In her office, Alice awoke to find Babe

 seated beside her couch.

   “ Where is Mr. Harper?” she asked.

   “ He’ll be back in a little wrhile,” Babe
 told her.

   “ My husband—do you know anything
about him?”

   “ Not a thing, dearie — except that if
 Harper is back your husband is back too.”
 “ Who brought the men from the camp
 here, Babe?”

   “ I did,” said the dance-hall woman
 proudly. Tears softened her hard eyes.
 “ You—you got me writing to my mother,
 dearie,” she said. “ I—I’d do anything for
 you.”

   Alice looked at her.

   “ You are too good for the kind of life
 you are leading, Babe,” she said.

   The woman cried softly. “Too late
now,” she said. “ I can’t get away from it.
The best I can do is keep sending money
to mother and think up new lies about how
well I’m doing in a department store.”
Alice looked at the woman again. A
great question was in her mind now. Those
assertions of the men in the Lone Star that
her husband was a rotter—could they have
a basis of truth? Why had Harper asked
her if she was quite sure her husband was
true to her? She recollected various little
acts of Rodney Allan that, in the light of
this new and terrible possibility, seemed a
bit suspicious.

   “ Babe,” she said, “ you wouldn’t lie to
 me like those men in the saloon, would
 you?”

   Babe seized her hand.

   “ So help me God, I won’t.”

   “ Then tell me, Babe—you know what
 goes on in the Lone Star—is my husband,
 Mr. Allan, anything—anything like those
 men said he was?”

   Babe burst out sobbing.

   “ Is he?” Alice clutched the woman’s
 arm.

   Babe nodded.

   Alice sank back on her couch and for a
 moment lay there in silent misery. Then
 she whispered: “ Tell me—all about it—
 please.”

   Babe braced up. “ Only this evening he
 wanted me to beat it to Mexico with him.
846

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Said he still had the swag he got away with
in Willowfield. He’s been after me like
that for a long time. I wouldn't go. and
he got rough, and I slapped his face.”

  For a poignant moment the two women
looked at each other. Then their hands
met and they held to each other like drown-
ing persons. It was Alice who spoke first.

  “ Babe, dear,” she said, “ there was a
time not long ago when I couldn’t under-
stand why some women fall to the very bot-
tom. But now I do understand!”

  The door opened presently and Sheriff
Jim Harper entered.

  “ Jim,” said Alice in a tone that was as
hard and cold as Babe s used to be, u where
is my husband?”

  The big sheriff did not answer immedi-
ately. He looked at her with sorrowful
eyes as though dreading to speak.

  “ Where?” cried Alice.

  Harper sat down beside her couch.

   “ Please try to be brave, Alice,” he said.
“ It isn’t good news that I have for you."

THE

  “ Is he—” Alice was staring at him, hor-
ror in her eyes.

  Harper nodded. “ He is dead, yes. He
fell over the rim-rock in trying to escape.

He was alive when I picked him up. but
when I got him into the village he wasn’t.”
For a time silence reigned. Then Harper
spoke again, slowly and softly.

  “ If there’s anything I can do, Alice—”
There was no reply for a moment. Her
head was turned away. But presently she
spoke.

  “ There is something, Jim,” she said at
last. “ I want you to go away now. Leave
me alone with Babe. She understands me
and I understand her. But you may come
back, Jim. And if you wish to, you may
try to restore my faith in mankind. Per-
haps you'll succeed, perhaps not—but I
hope you can, Jim.”

  Harper pressed her hand.

   “ I can, dear,” he said.

  Then he went out. A great new happi-
ness was in his heart.

END.

xs v rr
  VISION

   ■"THE lure of the cold god, gold,

      And the power,

  Calling—to you and me.

  We will buy—rare jewels;

  The homage of men; the smiling lips
  Of women.

  And happiness
  Will not be ours.

  The beckoning banner of ambition
  Claiming every hour,

  Wheedling youth to lonely thrones
  Of honor.

  We will have—you and I,

   The plaudits of the crowd.

  And content
  Will not be ours.

  We can achieve—you and I,

  A crown of fame and a hoard

  Of gold; and we can later

   Wistfully regret

  We did not sometimes

Play.	Leslie Ramon.
 By FRED JACKSON

    Author of “ The First Law,” " The Third Act," “ The Diamond Necklace,” etc.

          WHAT HAS OCCURRED IN PART I.

DA COSTA, handsome dancing star of Ihe new ultrafashionable “ King of Clubs,” is rccognized
by Bartlett, gambler and sportsman, as his ungrateful and double-crossing protege. In a
private room the pair quarrel fiercely, with the result that the gambler murders his former
pupil. Katherine Kendall, beautiful heiress, is the first person to see the dead form of the man
with whom she had been somewhat infatuated. To save Katherine from unpleasant notoriety
incident to the investigation. Garret Carpenter, her deserving suitor, persuades the restaurant pro-
prietor to aid him fathom the mystery before notifying the police and to keep the tragic news from
the patrons. Bartlett, who has returned to his table, manages to reassume his old confidence as he
asks for his check preparatory to leaving the place. He is astounded to learn that through the
irony of circumstances, the management of the King of Clubs had arranged to allow no guest to
go home until daybreak to insure a prolonged success of the opening night. There are perhaps six
hours before daylight, and the blood stain from the wound incurred in the struggle with Da Costa
is spreading slowly through the waistcoat and coat—until it appears ominously dark and wet.
It is a fight between that dead man upstairs and himself!

CHAPTER VI—(Continued).

“ LET THE DANCE CO ON.”

UPSTAIRS, meanwhile. Silvers was
pacing the floor. He had locked
himself into the French drawing-
room with the corpse, over which he had
thrown a white cloth. From time to time

This story began in the Argosy*

 he glanced at it from under knitted brows
 as he waited.

 At Garry’s knock he admitted him
 promptly.

 “ I suppose the next thing is to look for
 clews,” he said, without wasting any time.
 “ I thought we’d better do that together—
 in case of trouble with the police later on!”

 Allstory Weekly for October 28.

847
848

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ I dare say,” agreed Garry.

   They drew back the white cloth and bent
 over Da Costa, without disturbing any-
 thing.

   “ There was evidently a struggle,” said
 Garry at once. “ His clothes have been
 mussed up a good deal—that’s plain. He
 resisted his assailant—or began the fight
 himself.”

   “ Looks like it! ”

   “ That seems to preclude the possibility
 of its having been a woman,” added Garry
 then.

   “ Maybe.” Silvers was noncommittal.
 “ I have known women to put up a pretty
 good struggle—at times! ”

   Garry made no answer to this; he was
 examining Da Costa’s clothes.

   “ No pockets in the trousers; they fit bet-
 ter without,” he observed. “ A wallet in
 his coat—some silver—three keys—hand-
 kerchiefs. That’s all!”

   “ The keys might tell us something if
 we can find out anything about them!”
 said Silvers. “ Anything in the wallet?”

   “ Money,” said Garry, investigating.
 “ Cards—that’s all! ”

   They looked at each other.

   “ Well?”

   “ Well?”

   “ I suppose if one knew about finger-
 prints the knife might tell us something,-’
 mused Garry. “ But my education stops
 short there.” He covered the body with
 the cloth again and stood up. “ We’d bet-
 ter see what the maid and the check-room
 boy have to say!”

   Silvers went to the door and called the
 woman by name, and she appeared prompt-
 ly. It was clear that she had been antici-
 pating the summons and was reveling in
 the sudden importance the tragedy had
 conferred upon her. She was only too
 eager to be questioned.

   “ Ada,” said Silvers, “ you know what
 has gone on in here to-night?”

   “ Yes, sir,” said Ada.

   “ What do you know about it?”

  “ Well, sir—not much,” said Ada,

 “ though I came running in w-hen the gen-
 tleman there did—and saw him—Da Costa,

I mean, lying there dead. It was the
scream brought me, like it brought him—

only he must have been nearer, because he

was here first!”

“ You heard no unusual sounds from this

room before the scream?” asked Garry.

  “ Well, no, sir. I’m not saving there
were no sounds! But with lending a hand
here—and taking a stitch there—as the
ladies come up for repairs and the like—
why—I wasn’t paying much attention to
anything outside my own room. And then,
the noise downstairs, and the band and all.
I never heard a sound till I heard the
scream; but that was so shrill and so kind
of hurt and awful—it just went through me
—and brought me out almost in spite of
myself, you might say!”

  “ Did you hear or see Da Costa when he
came up?” asked Silvers.

  “ No, sir. I heard nothing but the
scream, until he went through the room
searching like as if he was expecting to find
the young lady, and called ‘ Katherine!
Katherine!’ twice, like that—and then I
heard a kind of dull thud in the Turkish
room, and in he came carrying her—and
her as white as the cloth, there—and in a
faint, looking as if she was dead herself.”
“ Miss Kendall was in the Turkish
room?” asked Silvers.

  “ Yes, sir—if that was her name. She
was in there hiding, most like, for he had
to call twice before he saw her.”

  “ And nobody else was here?’’

  “ Only Mark, from the men’s room. He
came when I did!”

   “ Well,” said Silvers slowly, “ if that is
all you can tell us, go back to your post,
and send in Mark. But, remember—not a
word of this to any one!”

  “ No, sir,” she answered, nodding, and
passed out.

  “ This is bound to be awkward for Miss
Kendall if it has to go to the police,” said
Silvers, as the door closed behind her.

  “Unpleasant—that’s all. But beastly
unpleasant! I can testify that she was here
only a second before she screamed. She
had just left me, you see, and I was wait-
ing on the stairs for her!”

  “ But your testimony—” said Silvers,
with a shake of his head. “ You love her.
You’d lie for her!”

“ If need be,” admitted Garry, simply.

                               ' 3 A
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

849

  “ But it will not be necessary. We’ll find
  the murderer!”

     “ I hope so, ” said Silvers.

   At that moment Mark knocked, and
 they admitted him.

    “ Now, Mark,” said Silvers, “ w-e know
  that you came in here when Miss Kendall
  screamed—and saw what immediately fol-
  lowed. What we want to know’ is, if you
  saw anything or heard anything before
  Miss Kendall screamed—anything, I mean,
  Chat might throw a little more light on the
  case! ”

    “ Well, sir," said the boy slowly, “ I saw
  Mr. da Costa come up!”

    “ When was that?” asked Garry eagerly.

    “ About five minutes before I heard Miss
  Kendall scream.”

    “ Only five minutes before?” repeated
  Silvers.

    “ It couldn't have been much longer,”
  said Mark. “ It was just after he finished
  his dance. I happened to be standing at
  the door of the men’s room listening to the
  music. He came up, looking kind of white,
  and met a lady on the stairs, and stopped
  to talk to her. She was going down just as
  he w-as coming up, and they stopped to
  talk. It looked like he didn’t much want
  to talk to her, but she kind of hung on to
  him by the lapel of his coat. I didn’t hear
  what she said. Da Costa looked up at me
  and frowned, and I went in.”

  “ So you didn’t see whether the lady
  went downstairs again or came up here with
  Da Costa?” asked Garry quickly.

  “ No, sir—I didn’t!”

  “ You didn’t come to the door again?”

 “ No, sir! Not until I heard the
scream! ”

  “ Did vou recognize the ladv?”

  “ No, sir! ”

  “ But you can describe her, surely! You
can tell us what she looked like! ” cried
Silvers.

  “ Well, sir, she had—she had a kind of a
nice face—big eyes—and—a very low-cut
dress— and hair cut short.”

  “ What color was her hair? What color
was her dress?” asked Garry impatiently.

  The boy hesitated in some embarrass-
ment; then he looked up to meet their
anxious eyes.

   4	A'

  “ I don’t know,” he said. “ Yeu see—

  I’m color-blind!”

CHAPTER VII.

DEAD LIPS TELL NO TALE.

SILVERS and Garry looked at each

other in some exasperation. Then
Garrv said patiently:

  “ Still—you would know her again if you
saw her—wouldn’t you?”

  “ Yes—I guess so,” Mark admitted slow-
ly. It was plain that he was far from cer-
tain. Apparently, he was not as observant
as he might have been in respect to femi-
nine charms—or else the particular lady in
question had not entirely appealed to him.

  “ Well, suppose you try?” suggested Sil-
vers. “ Go down to the supper room and
have a look about. If you see the lady
there, dancing, or sitting at one of the
tables, let us know.”

  “ I’ll go with him,” said Garry, “ if
you’ll wait here!”

   Silvers hesitated.

  “ You see,” explained Garry calmly,
“ this boy may be implicated in this affair!
In fact, it is just possible that lie killed Da
Costa himself—and that he invented the
storv of the ladv on the stairs to mislead
us!”

  At this the boy turned white, his jaw
dropping, his eyes almost popping out.

  “ My God, Mr. Silvers, you don’t believe
that!” he gasped.

  “ No,” Silvers assured him; “ but it is
a possibility, as Mr. Carpenter points out
—so you had better try hard to locate that
woman! ”

  “ 1 will!” exclaimed Mark, and he start-
ed off with Garry, leading the way with a
most determined air.

  When they reached the supper room,
however, the lights were down again, and
two negro boys were dancing. They were
from the colored show that had that season
taken the town by storm, and they had
been engaged as a sort of special attraction
to do their sensational turn here. The cal-
cium lights that had been trained upon Da
Costa and his partner a little while before,
were now trained on them, as they shuffled
850

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

and shook and stepped about with amazing
celerity and verve.

  Garry and the check-room boy waited
until the dance ended and the negroes came
back for their encore. This time they sang
instead of dancing, and Garry beckoned
Mark to follow him to the balcony, where
the man who managed the calcium lights
was stationed.

  There, in Silvers’s name, he confiscated
one of the lamps, and while the electrician
kept the negroes covered with one white
spotlight, he switched the other upon the
tables, turning it this way and that, so that
Mark could see every one within its scope.
The guests thought it was part of the pro-
gram, and laughed and shielded their eyes,
or tried to sit motionless and proudly un-
heeding as the light struck them. And the
negro performers were too old at their game
to so much as look surprised. Accordingly
Mark was able to study the various groups
unobserved, and his survey was soon re-
warded.

  “ That’s the woman—there—with the
fan and the band of diamonds on her head,”
he cried excitedly, pointing. Following
with his glance the direction of Mark’s
outstretched finger, Garry saw Joan Olcott.
Leaning forward wTith a fixed, expectant,
almost fascinated glitter in her eyes, she
was intent upon the maneuvers of the ne-
groes; something in her responding to the
wild savagery in their every move and tone.
He thought of Salome. There was some-
thing about her that reminded him of the
evil, passionate, abandoned creature who
had become enamored of the Baptist—and
danced for his head.

  She was very pale—almost ghastly white,
with lips that were too full and too crim-
son. Her mouth was cruel. Her eyes were
too large and too intense. Her black hair,
cut short, was so thick that it stood out
crisply about her head, held in place from
the crown to the forehead by a circlet of
diamonds. She wore a gown of orange-col-
ored chiffon, and had rubies in her ears.

  Too vivid—too brilliant—she looked as
she leaned there across her table, with gaze
fixed upon the gyrating negroes. Her nos-
trils quivered as she breathed.

  “ Come! Let us go!” said Garry.

  They returned to the supper room, and
from the doorway Garry sent Charlie to
summon the woman.

  “ Tell her a gentleman wants to speak
to her about Guy da Costa,” he said.

  Charlie nodded.

  “ Any new developments yet?” he asked.

  “ Not yet,” answered Garry regretfully.

  Charlie started on his way through the
tables; Garry dismissed Mark and waited. •
The other man who was waiting—Bartlett
—cowering behind his palms in the far cor-
ner of the room, studied Garry thoughtful-
ly. He had been observing the crowd
closely—unceasingly—since his return to
his table; and he had wondered about Gar-
ry’s exits and entrances.

  Had the police been notified? Had they
arrived? Did they find any clews?

  These questions tortured him. He would
have liked to ask them, but this was mani-
festly impossible. He was not supposed to
know wrhat had happened in that little
French drawing-room upstairs. He must
not even suspect there was anything wrong.
Nobody else in those crowded rooms seemed
to suspect. He must be as gay and careless
and frivolous as they.

  But it was hard to do that—with the
wound in his side still bleeding.

  He had tried various postures to strive
to close the wound, but it was a vertical
gash, which his sitting position kept open.
If he could only lie down for a bit so that
the edges would come together and permit
the blood to congeal! But he could not lie
down. He had to sit there—drinking his
champagne—smoking his cigar—smiling—
and watching, listening, waiting for the ap-
proaching footsteps of the police.

  He had already placed a second napkin
over the first, against thj wound. The first
was saturated. But the blood stain did not
yet show above his waistcoat. Although
the stain had spread, it had spread all the
more slowly for his cleverness in placing
the napkins there.

  A waiter — his waiter — came by, eying
him. He summoned a smile and ordered
more champagne.

  From the Colemans’ table Katherine,
too, watched Garry with anxious, hopeful
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

851

 eyes. Deep within her, somewhere, she was	fened. White faced, her lips parted, her

 aware of an agony of pain, now—an end-	eyes staring, she stood regarding it. Her

 less aching. But it was very far down,	bosom stirred violently under her gasping

 She was keeping it hidden away down there	breaths.

 by the force of her will. But she knew that	“ Guy—Guy?” she whispered, through

 it was there, waiting to force its way up and	dry lips. Her eyes sought Garry’s for con-

 ox-erwielm her—the instant that she was	firmation.

 alone. However, she was able to smile, in	“Yes—Guy!” he admitted quietly,

 spite of it. She was able to chatter about	“ What do you know about it?”

   nothing—to jest—to flirt.

   It was very strange to her — that she
 should be sitting there, playing a part as
 though she were an actress in a play. And
 knowing all the time that this was not she
 —as she v?ould be.

   She had to struggle constantly against
 the mad desire to rise and pound the table
 and scream: “ Listen—all of you! There
 is a dead man upstairs—and they think I
 killed him!”

   The desire to tell all the world about the
 dead man was—at times—almost irresis-
 tible! It was only by thinking of Garry’s
 steady gray eyes that she could control it.

   The thought of Garry gave her strength
 —confidence. He was so cool, so absolute-
 ly safe and sane and dependable. She felt
 suddenly very tired, and wanted to creep
 into his arms and rest. But—the lights
 went up; the negroes bowed themselves out
 of view; the band struck up another popu-
 lar number; and smiling, Katherine got up
 to dance.

   Meanwhile, holding her ermine coat care-
 lessly about her, Joan Olcott crossed the
 floor and found Garry in the hallway be-
 yond. There was a vague look of anxious
 expectancy in her strange eyes.

  “ You sent for me? You've something
to say to me—about Guy da Costa?”

   “ Yes,” he answered quiedv. “ Will you
 come upstairs a moment, please?”

   “ Is that necessar\T?”

 “ Yes.”

   Her frown deepened, but without further
 question or protest, she followed him. He
 threw open the door to the little French
 drawing-room for her.

   She passed in. And as her glance flashed
 from Silvers—round the little room—she
 saw the covered body. By «some strange
 instinct she sensed that it was he. She stif-

  He threw back the cover—and she
screamed—hoarsely, in agony. It was
dreadful—the most dreadful cry they had
ever heard—the shriek of a soul in tor-
ment.

  “ My God! ” she cried, then, dropping on
her knees beside him. “Murdered!”

  Her lips just framed the word. She bent
over him — touched him — as though to
make sure that she was really seeing this!
Then—for an instant—she was motionless.

  Garry touched her shoulder and urged
her to rise, while Silvers restored the white
covering. She got up mechanically.

  “ Guy,” she whispered, as though to her-
self, “ dead—murdered—and only a half
hour ago—or less—he spoke to me!” She
looked at Garry. “ It isn’t true! I can't
believe it! It can't be true. I can’t realize
it!”

  “ You don't know who could have done
it?” asked Garry'.

  She gazed toward the covered figure
again—starded.

  “ Of course,” she murmured. “ Some-
body has done it. Somebody killed him!”

  Here was relief for her pent up feelings
—here was an oudet for the violent pas-
sions that strained at their bonds within
her.

  “Whoever it is—we’ll find him!” she
cried, with clenched fists and blazing eyes.

“ We must find him—do you hear? I'll
give every cent I’ve got to bring him to
jusdce! ”

  “ Have you any idea who he is?” asked
Garry, studying her.

  She hesitated—looked up, frowning.

  “ No,” she said slowly; “ no, though it
might be half a dozen. Men who are jeal-
ous of him. Or women he has trampled
underfoot” There came a strange bril-
liance into her eyes; her red lips smiled,
scornfully. “ All are not like me,” she add-
852

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ed. “ He struck me—and I kissed his
hand. He left me—and I begged him to
come back. Why? God knows. He never
loved me. Fie never made me happy. He
just — used me and laughed; but I was
never happy until he came into my life. I
haven’t been happy since he left me.”

  Great tears welled up into her eyes and
rolled down her cheeks.

  “ You and Da Costa danced together,
once—did you not?” asked Garry casually.

  “ Yes. When he first came to New York,
after the war. He was still in uniform
when I met him. Do you remember how
handsome he looked in his uniform? I was
mad about him from the first, and I offered
him the job—just to keep him near me. I
didn’t know, then, what a wonderful dancer
he was.”

  “ You danced on one of the roofs, did
you not?”

  “ Yes—but only for a few weeks. Mr.
Milbume—who was interested in me then
—compelled me to give it up. I wanted to
give him up instead, but Guy wouldn’t let
me. Guy was not so prosperous in those
days, and Mr. Milbume’s generosity is wrell
known. Guy and I went on seeing each
other anyway—until Mr. Milburne found
it out. Somebody told him. I’ve always
thought it was Mable.”
i “ Mable?” repeated Silvers.

  “ Yes—Mable Scott.”

  “ The little red-haired girl who’s dancing
with him here—or was!” put in Garry.

  “ Yes. She had just begun to dance with
him then—and she was keen on him—as
most women are. Mr. Milburne quit me;
and when he quit, Guy quit. Mable an-
nexed them both. You see, I don’t kid my-
self. He never cared a hang for me—it
was just Mr. Milburne’s bank roll! While
I controlled it, Guy stuck to me. WTien
Mable got her hands on it, Guy began to
get chummy with her. He never stopped
to think that I’d given up just about every-
thing I had for him. He never thought
about anybody but himself.”

  Her tone was bitter; her eyes glistened
with unshed tears.

  “ Isn’t it the limit,” she went on broken-
ly; “ how a woman will sacrifice everything
for a good-for-nothing like Guy—and snap

her fingers at the men that—that are really

decent and on the level?”

  Garry nodded.

“ And yet, knowing just how worthless
he wras, you still cared for him?” he asked.

  “ Cared for him,” she repeated, looking
at him. “ I loved him so much that I
wanted to die when he left me. I never
took to drink or dope until then. I’ve
never loved anybody else in my life but
Guy. I loved him so much that—there
aren’t any words to say it. It burned in
me! It drove me crazy! Men never love
as much as I loved him.”

  Garry leaned forward, fixing her with his
eyes, and seized her wrist.

  “You loved him enough to kill him!”
he cried sternly.

  “ Yes,” she answered without flinching.
“ And I would have killed him, too, only
some one else did it first. I wish to God it
had been I! Oh, to feel that knife going into
his throat! To make him cringe and suf-
fer! To wipe that accursed smile off his
face. If it had only been I! If it had only
been I!”

CHAPTER VIII.

THE LITTLE GIRL IN GREEN.

IS eyes held hers; she did not seek
to evade his glance.

  “ Well,” he said gravely, “ whether
it was you or another we shall soon know,
for I believe that nothing happens in this
world that is not led up to by a sequence
of events; and these events are links in the
chain that bind the murderer with his vic-
tim. You can’t efface these events. You
can’t destroy a single link in the chain.
They are unalterable. And sooner or later
—they are sure to be disclosed.”

  “ Links in the chain,” she repeated medi-
tatively. “ That is true, isn’t it?” And
she turned from him to the covered body
in the corner, and then back again. “ So,
one cannot escape the consequences of one’s
misdeeds, can one? There is really no past
—no future. There is just one long unin-
terrupted present. No break. No wiping
out and beginning again. No new start.
It’s hard—this world. Isn’t it?”
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

853

    “ It is what one makes it,” said Garry.
  She shrugged and reddened her lips—re-
  paired the damage to her eyelashes—the
  havoc her tears had wrought. She studied
  herself in the tiny mirror of her vanity
  box. And suddenly she laughed, her laugh-
  ter ringing hard and bitter in that tiny
  room.

   “ Even now I think of appearances. As
  though it mattered how I look—whether
  any one fancies me or not! Inside—I’m
  burned out. There is an emptiness that you
  cannot even conceive of. Because my
  world revolved around him. I thought only
  of him. All my plans included him. To
  win him back—to make him care—to hold
  him. And you thought I might have done
  this to myself—robbed me of everything.”
  She laughed again—the laughter giving
  place to sobs; and then she buried her face
  in her arms and gave way to her violent
  overwhelming grief. Both men stood help-
  less, awed by it!

   The moments lengthened. Gradually
 the force was spent. She raised her head.

    “ Well?” she gasped, finally, looking at
  them.

   “ You spoke to Da Costa a few moments
  before his death,” said Garry; “ out there
  on the stairs! ”

    “ Yes! ”

    “ What did you say to each other?”

    She drew a long breath with difficulty.

   “ I begged him to come back. He was
annoyed and said he would not. He said
he had other plans. He said I must be a
fool not to realize that he was bored with
me. And he asked me please not to annoy
him again. He was brutal—hateful!”

 “ And you?”

 “ I lost my temper. I told him he
couldn’t use me and then dispose of me so
easily. I told him I would pay him back
for everything. Then he laughed, and said
he didn’t want to seem rude, but he had a
good deal on his mind, and for me to write
it out and mail it to him. With that he
left me and came in here and slammed the
door.”

  “ What did you do then?”

  “ I went back to my table.”

  “ Did you tell any one what had hap-
pened between you and Da Costa?”

    Her eyelids quivered slightly.

    “ No,” she answered, looking straight at
 him. But something in her manner—some
 subtle change from her previous attitude—

 aroused his suspicions instantly.

    “ You are not telling me the truth,” he

 cried.

   “ I am! Why should I tell any one.?
 Whom should I tell such things?”

    He debated.

   “ Who else is in your party? Who else
 is with you here?” he asked.

    “ Moffat Fielding,” she answered reluc-
 tantly.

    “ Moffat Fielding?” he repeated, vague-
 ly, trying to associate the name with some
 half-forgotten facts.

    “ The son of Jim Fielding, of Toledo,”
 put in Silvers.

   “ Ah—yes,” cried Garry, brightening.
 “ He married some Follies girl — and his
 father chucked him out!”

   “ Yes — Dolorez Lorraine. But they’re
 not living together any longer.”

    “ I know. She got tired supporting him.
 What is he doing now?”

    “ Bootlegging,” answered Silvers, before
 the girl could speak; “ and selling dope, I
 think.”

    “ You can’t bring a boy up the way he’s
 been brought up — giving him everything
 he’s ever wanted—letting him go his own
 way, always, and then throw him out into
 the world to shift for himself. He does
 the best he can,” cried Joan fiercely.

    “ So he’s a friend of yours,” said Garry.

   “ A friend? Not exactly,” she answered
 grimly. “ We don’t have many friends in
 our class of society. Some of us just find
 ourselves on the same level and hang to-
 gether, that’s all. Fielding’s a rotter. At
 least that’s what you’d call him. I just
 call him weak and badly started off. A lot
 of us aren’t what we could have been if
 we’d got off to the right start. But it’s a
 lot easier to go down hill than up, and
 some of us just haven’t got the natural
 strength or character to climb. I haven’t!
 Neither has he, and that gives us a kind of
 fellow feeling. We can be ourselves with
 each other, and that’s rather a relief.”

 “ So you told Moffat Fielding how Da
 Costa had treated you,” said Garry.
854

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  She looked at him—shrugged.

  “ Yes,” she admitted, yielding. “ I told
him. I was so full of it I had to tell some
one! I was burning up inside! But he
didn’t do it! Don’t waste your time
hounding him! Better question Mable!”
“ You don’t like Mable, do you?” said
Silvers.

  Joan smiled.

  “ Not much,” she answered coolly. “ I
guess I envy her. You see, I can’t figure
things out in my head—things that would
be best for me, and then go ahead and do
them—no matter who is hurt by them—no
matter what damage they cause. Mable
can! She can shut her eyes to everything
but Mable’s best interests. She hasn’t a
real feeling or a real emotion in her. I’m
different. But I’m no fool. I see how
much further Mable gets with her system.
And I envy her because I can’t kill the
heart in me and play the game the way
she does.”

  “ And you think Mable may know some-
thing about this?”

  “ She might. It seems more likely than
that Moffat would do it—just to avenge
me. You see, he doesn’t love me. We’re
just pals!”

  “ But—you are disposed to protect him,
aren’t you?”

  “ Yes. The maternal instinct in me—
damn it!”

  Garry smiled.

  “ Well, there can be no harm in my hav-
ing a little talk with him, can there?”

  “ Xo-o—only that lie’s—I mean it’s a
shame to subject him to this sort of inqui-
sition. He won’t stand it the way I have!
He’s got nerves!”

  “ I’ll be easy on him,” promised Garry.
And turning to Silvers, he added: “ Will
you go and ask him to come up? Say Miss
Olcott wants him!”

   “ Let vie go! ” cried the girl anxiously.

  “ No—please. You see, for the sake of
clearing this matter up quickly, we must
make it absolutely impossible for you to
warn him or advise him. It’s for his own
sake—to help establish his innocence! "

  “ Yes, I see,” she agreed, sighing.

  Silvers left the room. Joan sat moodily
gazing into space.

  “ I hate to think of to-morrow—and all

the to-morrows to come,” she said slowly,
“ without hint in them—or any hope of his
coming back. They are going to be so—
empty! They were empty enough before
he turned up—but I did not know then how-
wonderful days and nights could be. You
see, I had never really cared for any one
before — this way! But now — I knozi'—
and I don’t know how I am going to face
them! I don’t know how I am going to
endure them.”

  “ But he was so unworthy,” said Garry.

  “ Yes, I know. But—that doesn’t make
it any easier. I tried to think of that when
he left me. It didn't help. You don’t care
whether they are worthy or not when you
feel this way. It’s a curse! I wish to God
it were / lying there now—dead—and he
were here alive and well in my place! It’s
easier to die than to live. It’s over
quicker.”

  Garry said nothing. He was thinking of
Katherine — and wondering if Guy had
meant anything like this to her—wondering
what there had been in the man to inspire
such devotion. And his heart ached for
her—laughing and dancing, down below,
as though nothing had happened.

  In the silence, lengthening between them,
Silvers threw open the door and ushered
Fielding in.

  He was a young man, very handsome.
That is, his features were finely modeled—•
almost too finely; his hair was very fair,
and brushed until it shone: his mouth
sulked; his lashes were quite long and sur-
prisingly dark in comparison with his fair
hair. Handsome, he was—but weak-look-
ing. And now he looked quite nervous and
helpless as his eyes wandered from Garry
to Joan.

   u Moffie!” cried the girl impulsively, re-
sponding to his look of anxious entreaty.
But Garry cut in.

   “ Fielding,” he said sternly, “ I regret to
inform you that a man has been murdereS
in this room to-night, and we sent for
you—”

  He got no further. Again Fielding’s eyes
flashed from Joan to the covered body on
the floor, and his face growing pale as
death, he cried out:
THE DANCE

  “ I know! It’s Guy da Costa! But she
didn't do it! It was the other one—the
pretty one—the little girl in green!”

  “ Moffie—for God's sake!” cried Joan.
“ You don’t know what you’re saying!”

  *• Don’t I?” he responded, taking hold of
the back of a chair for support. And his
voice came slowly, dearly, with great de-
liberation. “ I am saying that Katherine
Kendall killed him! I saiv the whole

thmgr

CHAPTER IX.

HEAVY, HEAVY HANGS OVER HER HEAD.

THERE is something reckless, some-
thing abandoned, something lawless
and barbaric about jazz. Under the
spell of it, Katherine found herself getting
on very well, laughing, swaying, flirting
devilishly. There was color flaming in her
cheeks now, and her eyes danced—those
strange eyes of hers that had a trick of
changing color with the gown she wore.
They had been blue-black at dinner, half
closed, languorous. They were green, now,
and had odd lights in them.

  Like the lamp that flares up with added
brilliance just before it bums out. she was
shining with a radiance that had never
been hers before—but it was a radiance
that had a new daring in it.

  Stuyvie Nettleton, who had known her
for years, and had never been particularly
attracted to her — he preferred the more
naughty and generous beauties of the re-
gion west of the avenue—came up to-night
to beg for a dance; and as she nodded and
danced off with him—for to-night she re-
fused no one—he whispered in her ear, bis
lips brushing her cheek.

“ What is it? You were a bud until to-
night! To-night you have bloomed into a
rose—a tea rose with a crimson heart—and
a sweetness that is simply overpowering! ”
She smiled.

  “ To-night,” she whispered back mys-
teriously, “ I have come to realize how im-
minent death is—and that life is short—
and I have been wasting time.”

  “ So now you are going to live?” he
asked, his heart beating faster.

OF DEATH.

  “ Now I am going to live,” she repeated,

trembling. She was wondering how much
time there would be left her—after the in-
quiry in that room upstairs was finished—
wondering if she would be dragged through
the hideous publicity of investigations, a
public trial—and she thought of the sleep-
ing draft that she had obtained from the
old family doctor after endless persuasion
and the employment of all of her wiles—
that sleeping draft that he had warned
her might prove fatal if she took too much.

  But Nettleton had not the vaguest con-
ception of the dark thoughts that flashed
behind her reckless glance. Holding her
closer, until he could feel the wild beating
of her heart against him, he breathed with
difficulty.

  “ There is so much that I could teach
you—about living,” he whispered.

  u Is there?” she asked, leading him on.
And the music throbbed, and screamed,
and beat wildly. It was easier to be quite
mad to music like that.

  “You see,” he went on boldly, “ I have
lived so much longer than you. I have
sought for happiness along so many roads.
I can save you a lot of vain pursuits. And
all of my experience is yours to command!”
“ It must be the glamour of hell he feels
about me,” thought Katherine, but she did
not say it: instead, she said:

  “ Strange—you have known me almost
since childhood, and you have never asked
me to dance before!”

  “ You have never been like this before,”
he answered. “ Until to-night you have
been a pretty child. To-night, you are a
woman, palpitating with life and the joy
of living, thrillingly alive and real, human
—my kind. I have often vaguely felt that
this side of you must exist and might be
brought out; but I have never had energy
enough to try experiments. So I just wait-
ed. .And now—some one else has tried—-
and succeeded. If it was Guy da Costa
I shall be grateful to him forever.”

  His name turned her cold. She could
not answer.

  “ Not that it matters,” went on Nettle-
ton suavely. “ All that concerns me is—
that some one has wakened the sleeping
beauty—with a kiss. And she wants more
856

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

kisses. Her lips plead dumbly for them.
Her eyes beg for them.”

  His clasp tightened, his cheek brushed
hers. She was stifling—felt she must col-
lapse in another moment if that screaming,
beating, vibrating jazz went on.

  And then young Coleman cut in. He
was still young enough to hate the older
man and all that he represented—money
without toil or effort—success with many
women, not one of whom had really cared
—a flippant view of all that was really
worth while in life—the perfection of every-
thing that didn’t matter and nothing that
did.

   “ May I break?” he asked, politely, cold-
ly, meaning more than that he wanted to
finish the dance with Katherine.

  It would have been against all ethics to
refuse, but Nettieton yielded her up un-
willingly. Katherine, as she changed part-
ners, was conscious of an inner feeling of
relief; but her face in no wise betrayed her.
She smiled after the departing Nettieton,
and called “ Thanks ”—she smiled up at
young Coleman and murmured:

  “Well—tjiis is nice!”

  And she thought that it was nice—there
was something distinctly nice about this
boy who was trying so hard and so awk-
wardly to be a man. He looked almost
grotesquely clumsy, dancing—as most col-
lege boys do—but he was really very light
and very graceful—and guided perfectly.

  “ I wish we could go home,” he said sud-
denly, after dancing for several moments
in silence.

  “ Why?” asked Katherine curiously,
looking up at him.

  “ I don’t know!”

  u Aren’t you having a good time?”

  “ Not very,” he answered frankly.
“ There’s something wrong. Guess I’m
feeling kind of ‘ down ’ to-night.”

  She wondered whether he sensed. the
thing that was hanging over them — the
dead man in the room upstairs—the pursuit
of the murderer — the awful danger that
was overshadowing her. He did not seem
like a sensitive type who might sense such
things.

  “ You're on the crest of the wave, all
right—aren’t you?” he added presently.

 “ Oh, yes,” she answered, “ I’m having
 a whirl!”

 “ I wonder,” he said gravely. “ It seems
 that way. But—”

 “ But what?” she gasped, staring.

 “ I suppose I’m an ass. But I feel as if
 —underneath—you’re not so happy!”

 “ Funny boy!” she murmured, nestling
 closer.

 “ If I can do anything. You know!” he
 said. “ The usual hero stuff. If ever you
 should need a friend—”

 “ Nice boy,” she whispered.

 And then—Stanton Wilcox cut in. And
 the jazz went on and on and on—and men
 and women danced and drank and smoked,
 and laughed and whispered together. And
 Bartlett, behind his screen of palms, looked
 on alertly, through eyes that burned som-
 berly out of a gray, set face.

' CHAPTER X.

 ACCUSATION FLIES FROM LIP TO LIP.

 UPSTAIRS, Silvers and Garry were
 staring at Fielding in frank umaze-
 ment.

 “ Do you realize what you’re saving?”
 cried Garry. “ Do you mean to say that
 you saw Miss Kendall kill Guy da Costa?”

 “ Yes,” answered Fielding, “ that’s ex-
 actly what I mean!”

 “No, no!” protested Joan Olcott.

 “ Don’t believe him. He isn’t responsible
 —really. He couldn't have seen such a
 thing! He was downstairs—with me-at
 my table! Besides—he has taken a dislike
 to Miss Kendall ever since Guy has been
 interested in her—and when Moffie dislikes
 any one—he’ll stop at nothing.”

 Fielding remained quite calm through all
 this—and smiled.

 “ I know what I saw,” he said, as Joan
 ended.

 “ How did she kill him?” asked Garry,
 then.

 “ How?”

 “ Yes—in what way—with what sort of
 weapon?”

 Fielding’s eyes wandered swiftly toward
 the covered body; there was nothing there
 to give him a hint. He parried.
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

857

    “ I can’t say exactly how/’ he said.
 “ All I know is—I heard him cry out, ‘ My
 God, you’ve done for me!’ and I heard her
 say, ‘ I meant to! I thought it all out!
 It’s only what you deserve!’ ”

    “ If this is true,” said Silvers, “ it was
 deliberate, premeditated murder! Do you
 understand that, young man? This testi-
 mony of yours is liable to send a young
 girl to the chair!”

    “ That’s what I heard,” he reiterated
 stubbornly.

    “ I tell you he isn’t responsible! He’s
 under the influence of drugs,” protested
 Joan. “ He always is. He has a habit of
 telling the most unlikely tales—and swear-
 ing to them. It isn't that he intends to lie,
 really. He believes them himself. His im-
 agination plays tricks with him. I tell you,

 I know him!”

    “ How is it that you heard all this and
 still didn't see how the murder was done?”
 asked Garry.

    “ I was hiding,” answered Fielding.

 “ Where?”

 His eyes wandered.

 “ In the other room,” he answered.

 “ Why didn’t }rou interfere — or make
 some outcry afterward?”

 “ I didn’t want to get drawn into it—
 on Joan’s account!”

 “ So? And what happened after Miss
 Kendall said that it was only what Da
 Costa deserved?”

 Fielding hesitated.

 “ I don’t know. I heard him fall. Then
 I sneaked out of the other cloor and went
 back to my table! ”

 “ "What other door was that you sneaked
 out of?” asked Garry.

 “ The door to that room in there!”

 “ But there is no door to that room in
 there,” said Garry quietly.

 *• No door?” he repeated.

 “ Only that one that you see. No door
 to the corridor outside!”

 Fielding looked confused.
 i; I told you he didn't see anything or
 hear anything,” put in Joan. “ He was
 with me—at my table—all the time!”

 “ Don’t keep saying that!” he cried fu-
 riously, turning upon Joan. “ Can’t yon
 see they want to make you the goat! And

 they will, too, if you don’t look out! I
 don’t care whether there’s another door or
 not! I don’t remember how I got out! I

only know she killed him—Katherine Ken-
dall. She killed him!”

   He bit at his finger nails; his eyes shift-
 ed warily from Silvers to Garry, and there
 was a defiant, hunted look in them.

  “ Come, now—why do you want to im-
plicate her?” asked Garry quietly.

  “ She killed him. Nobody else. She
did it!”

   “ God bless me, I believe he’s saying all
 this to clear me,” gasped Joan, laying her
 hand on Fielding's arm and turning him
 round toward her. “ Are you, you foolish
 kid?” she added more gently. “ It isn’t at
 all necessary, you know. And think of that
 poor girl if they believe your tale—think
 of the fix she’ll be in!”

  “ Bah! She’s got money! You can get
away with anything in this town if you've
got money!” he muttered. “ There’d have
cops in here long ago if I’d been sus-
pected! ”

   “ You see,” said Joan, simply, turning to
 the others, “ he just made all that up to
 shield me. He’s a regular guy, all right!
 He’d come through!”

   Fielding straightened up a bit with pride.

   “ You said it,” he admitted.

  “You mean — you did invent that
story?” asked Garry.

  He looked at Joan; she nodded encour-
agingly.

  “ Sure,” he mumbled, somewhat sheep-
ishly, and dropped his head.

   Silvers and Garry drew a long breath of
relief.

   “ Can you beat that?” asked Joan.

   “ Well, I thought maybe you did do it,”
he explained, “ and I didn’t want to see you
arrested—you’d have a hard tijjjp to get
off! I knew the Kendall girl wouldn’t!
And I guess she had cause enough to want
to kill him—same as the rest of us that
knew him. Not that I have it in for the
Kendall girl—but she was the only one I
could think of on the spur of the moment!
Her name just popped into my head.”

   He looked up anxiously at the others.

  “ It’s right—what she said,” he added,
indicating Joan with a jerk of his head.
858

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

“ I didn’t leave her table. T don’t know
anything about it at all! ”

  Garry leaned fonvard, fixing the boy
with his eyes.

  “ Did she leave the table—Miss Olcott?”
he asked.

  “ No, she didn’t leave, either—until you
sent for her!”

  “ But I did! You know I did, Moffie!”
she protested. “ I came up to the ladies’
room to powder my nose. That’s when I
met Guy on the stairs,” she explained, turn-
ing to the others.

  <c Oh, yes—then you did,” said Fielding.
It was plain he cared nothing for the truth;
he thought only of shielding Joan.

  “ Do you realize that you are liable to
get in very wrong with the authorities if
you persist in evading the questions and
deliberately falsifying?” asked Garry stern-
ly. “ Do you want to be held for perjury?
Or as an accessory after the fact?”

  He sneered.

  “ I’m not afraid,” he said. His bravado
was superb.

  “ Don’t be foolish, Moffie! We’ve noth-
ing to fear—either of us,” said Joan.
“ Tell them whatever they want to know—
frankly!”

  He looked at her.

  “ Sure—if you want me to,” he said,
graciously.

  “ I do,” she assured him.

  “Well?” he said, then, turning impa-
tiently to Garry. “ Fire away! What is
it?”

  “You knew Guy da Costa pretty well,
didn’t you?”

  “ Too damned well,” he answered grimly.
“ You know that old song, don’t you—‘ He
Made Me What I Am To-day.’ That’s the
bird. I met him in the service—Royal
Flying Corps. I was just out of college,
then. Hadn’t graduated—just quit to en-
list. Didn’t even drink, then. I had my
first drink with him. * What the hell,’ he
said, * we’ll all be dead in six months!
Let’s whoop ’er up while we’ve got the
chance.’ And maybe we didn’t whoop ’er
up! Gambled, drank, took dope! Gee,
the pace we went in France! It ’d have
been all right if we had got smashed up at
the finish. But we didn’t! And when we

came back—well—I just didn’t want to
settle down again, that’s all. Family tried
to make me, but I couldn’t! I’d got kind
of used to it all, d’you see?”

  “ I guess they never did understand him
much,” said Joan, as Fielding halted.
“ Any more than my family understood
how to handle me. Families, you know,
are to blame for a lot of things. Not that
they mean to be! Not that they don’t try
their damnedest! But—we’re not all alike
—are we? And they don’t understand!”

  “ It wasn’t as if I’d been a hero,” said
Moffat Fielding. “ I just wasn’t much of
anything—but a rotter—from the start!”

  “ Did you see much of Da Costa—after
you both came back?” asked Garry, then.

  “ Yes, I saw him all the time. I intro-
duced him around some. He didn’t know
many people here then. When he got him'
self fixed in right, he shook me! At first,
Avhen I w'anted to go back home, he used
to laugh at me and say, ‘ Hell, you went
to France and fought the damned Boches,
didn’t you? You saved the country for
them. Have a good time while you’re
young! There’s time enough to settle
down!’ My mother used to write for me
to come home. She sent money regularly
—still does. But I’m ashamed to go back,
now! ”

  “ And while you were going about with
Da Costa, you knew most of his friends, I
suppose?”

  “ All of them, I guess,” answered Field-
ing.

  “ Perhaps you can help us, then, to sin-
gle out one or two who might be capable
of a deed like this—and who had sufficient
motive?”

  Moffat Fielding thought for an instant.

  “ Who knows what any one is capable
of? I don’t know w-hat I’m capable of my-
self. As for murder—1 guess almost any
one might do it—given reason enough. And
nearly all of Da Costa’s friends had plenty
of reason. You see, he just couldn’t play
fair. Never did with any one. I was his
‘ buddy ’ and he didn’t w ith me. You’re
going to have a hard time finding the mur-
derer that way!”

  “ It begins to look like it,” admitted Sil-
vers to Garry.
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

859

  ‘ But that’s the only way we can pos-
sibly do it, since there seem to be no clews,”
said Garry.

  “ No clews?” repeated Fielding, glancing
again toward the covered body.

   “ A wallet with some bills in it and visit-
 ing cards,” said Silvers, shrugging; “hand-
 kerchiefs and three keys. Fie was killed
 with one of my steak knives!”

   Fielding looked up sharply.

  “ Three keys?” he repeated. “ Well—
they ought to lead to something!”

  Garry and Silvers exchanged a glance.

  “ How so?” asked Garry.

  “ Why—one key probably unlocks the
door of his apartment,” said Fielding; “ and
the other two keys might open some chest
or cupboard, there, that would reveal new
evidence. Let’s have a look at them! ’’
Silvers advanced toward the body again
and threw back the covering. Joan turned
aside. Fielding drew nearer, fascinated,
gazing down in horror and loathing at the
stiffening corpse. But the fat little man
was too absorbed in saving himself from
ruin to be upset by sentimental or super-
stitious considerations. He fumbled in the
dead man’s pockets and brought forth the
flat leather key case with the three keys
in it.

  Fielding took the case gingerly and re-
garded the keys.

   “ That’s his latchkey,” he said, picking
 it out. “ And that’s obviously the key to
 some cabinet or strong box. And that ”—
 he whistled-—“ that’s also a front-door key!
 I wonder whose!”

CHAPTER XI.

ON A MISSION AT M1DNIC.HT.

“I T’S going to be a delicate mission—en-
I tering Da Costa’s apartments and
searching his effects,” said Garry slow-
ly. “ And yet I agree with Fielding, here,
that it may be a swift and simple route to
the identity of the murderer!”

   “ It’s the only thing to do,” agreed Sil-
 vers. “ We’re not making much progress
 here. At least, we haven’t found out much
 so far, and it looks to me like we’ve gone
 as far as we can go!”

  He looked thoughtfully from Garry to

Joan and from Joan to Fielding.

  “ How about your going up there with

Fielding now?" he asked Garry.

  “ Now?" repeated Garry, hesitatingly;

  He was loath to leave the King of Clubs
while yet the mystery remained unsolved;
loath to leave Katherine in such jeopardy.

  “ Sure, now!” insisted Silvers. “ We’ve
got to go through with this investigation as
far as we can go by ourselves—so long as
we’ve started! And we haven’t got any too
much time left before the guests will be
wanting the doors opened! I’d be in a hell
of a fix with the cops if I couldn’t turn
over the murderer to them when I call them
in to take charge of the body—and I’m not
intending to get into any more trouble than
I’m in! When I open those doors at day-
break, I’m going to hold somebody for this
murder! I’ve got to—that’s all!”

  He stood over the body of Da Costa—a
sinister little figure—and looked down at it.
The body was still uncovered—and a ghast-
ly sight it was. Rigor mortis had begun—
the jaw had dropped—the eyes had set and
were staring glassily.

  “Somebody killed this chap!” he said
grimly. “ Somebody in this house to-night.
We’ve found two people who might have
done it. Miss Kendall—and Miss Olcott,
here! Maybe they’re both innocent! I
don’t know! But you can go gamble on
this: If I haven't got any more conclusive
evidence by dawn, I'm going to turn both
these women over to the police!”

  The others stared at him. Garry and
Fielding were speechless; Joan caught her
breath with a little smothered gasp.

  “ Now1, you're in this to save the Ken-
dall girl,” he went on, turning to Garry,
“ and you’re trying to save Joan Olcott,”
he added, to Fielding. “ Well—you can
both go to Da Costa’s rooms together—and
look about! If you find evidence there
that ’11 settle this thing—fine! If you don’t
—you’ll come back and say so, because I'm
going to hold both Avomen here till you
come back! And meanwhile, you’ll kind of
watch each other!”

  The eyes of the two men met, apprais-
ingly, challengingly.

   “ This thing is no game to me, see?” said
860

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Silvers. “It’s damned serious — and I
mean every word I’m saying! I’m not go-
ing to be ruined if I can help it! I’m go-
ing to get out from under, no matter who
has to face the music! That’s that!”

   “ Will you give me your word you won’t
prpceed against either of these girls until
we get back?” asked Garry quietly.

  “ Yes!”

   “ Do you think we can get into Da Cos-
ta’s apartment without any difficulty?”
asked Garry, then, turning to Fielding.

   “ Sure,” answered Fielding confidently.
“ I’ve been there hundreds of times. They
all know me around there!”

   “ All right,” said Garry. “ Let’s go!”

  And to Silvers, he added: “ How do we
get out?”

   “ Not the front way,” answered Silvers.
“ That might attract too much attention.
You know Guy arranged that nobody was
to be let out on any account before day-
light! God knows why he hit on that idea
—but it was just crazy enough to catch
’em—and it’s certainly turned out fine for
us—now' that this has happened! ”

  He indicated Da Costa’s body with his
foot.

   “ Fortunately,” he went on slowly, “ we
got a few private exits—planned ’em in
case of trouble with these revenue agents
—and one of ’em ’11 come in handy now.
This way.”

   They turned to follow Silvers out of the
little French drawing-room.

  “ May I go back to my table?” asked
Joan, with an uneasy glance toward the
corpse.

   “ Yes—and wait there until further no-
tice,” answered Silvers rather gruffly.

  But young Moffat Fielding took her by
the shoulders and looked straight into her
eyes.

   “ And don’t wTorry—trust me,” he said.
“ I’m going to see you through!”

   She smiled, with tears in her eyes, and
left them. The thunder and swing and
beat of the music downstairs lent her
strength as she passed once more into the
smoke-filled, noisy supper rooms. And as
she crossed the floor, her eyes met those of
Katherine Kendall, who was swaying in
the arms of Huxley Reed. But there was

no flash of recognition nor of understand-
ing. Though their positions to-night were
so nearly alike, they were dwellers in dif-
ferent worlds.

   Below, around a bend in the stairs, Sil-
 vers swung back a huge mirror that slid
 easily and noiselessly on grooved tracks,
 and revealed a narrow iron stairway, lead-
 ing downward. The night air—cool and
 damp—blew in upon them as they stood
 on the little platform landing. They but-
 toned their coats and put on their hats.

   “ There’s a door at the bottom that
opens outward at the slightest shove,” said
Silvers; “ but you have to have a key to
open it from outside. Here’s the key!”

   Garry took it.

   “ When you come back, come in this
way,” added Silvers. “ I will be looking
out for you! ”

   “ And you will do nothing until we re-
turn?” inquired Garry again.

   “Nothing!”

   The mirror slid back into place, shutting
 them out. Garry in the lead, they started
 downward, in silence.

   There was no moon visible in the over-
cast sky—no stars were out; and a cold
wind blew, with the hint of coming rain in
it. A dismal night, strangely suitable,
Garry thought, to the things that were hap-
pening.

    The unreality of it all held his attention.
 If—a few hours before—he had been told
 these things might occur, he could never
 have conceived it possible. To come in
 contact with murder—with mystery—with
 all the things one reads about in the news-
 papers and never vaguely associates with
 oneself or one’s own kind! It was incred-
 ible—and yet—true—hideously true!

   That Katherine—of all girls—should be
caught in a web like this. Katherine, so
dainty, so delicately reared, so carefully
bred—so sheltered—so guarded. In spite
of her willfulness — her recklessness — she
was so innocent, so young and fresh and
really so unspoiled. And to think that by
this time, to-morrow, the world might be
gazing at her pictures in the newspapers—
linking her name with Da Costa’s—discuss-
ing the murder and her possible guilt.
THE DAXCE OF DEATH.

861

 It was a maddening thought. He put it	usual for guests to present themselves dur-

  from him with a desperate effort for calm-	ing the absence of the host, and let them-

 ness.	selves in with his latchkey. However,

 “Here we are!” cried Fielding, shoving	Fielding and Garry were prepared to de-
 open the door at the bottom of the steps,	mand permission to enter—even to accom-
 and they stepped out into the street. The	plish their entrance by force if necessary,
 stairway had been placed along the side of	But force was not necessary,
 the building, shielded from view from the	“ Yes, sir,” said the dignified doorman,
 street by a kind of grilled-iron wall. The	“ Mr. da Costa left word that anybody who

   main entrance was just around the corner.

    “ We’ll find taxies in front,” said Garry.

    They started briskly7, each man fired with
 the burning desire to end the situation and
 save a woman.

   “ The Odillon,” called Fielding to the
 chauffeur, who stepped out to solicit pa-
 tronage as they approached the stand.

   Apparently he knew’ the building—as
 what chauffeur in town did not. The Odil-
 lon, on Park Avenue, was one of the latest,
 most exclusive, most expensive apartment
 houses in the latest fashionable section.
 Only motion-picture magnates or popular
 song writers or new war-made millionaires
 could afford to live there. It was built of
 granite and marble, and furnished with the
 objets d'art wrested from ravished France
 and Italy. The staff of attendants and
 servants had come en masse from the Con-
 tinent of Europe.

   “ So Da Costa afforded the Odillon,”
 said Garry, with a grim smile. “ He did
 himself well!”

   “ Oh — always,” answered Fielding.

 “ There was very little he denied himself
 in the way of pleasure or comfort. If his
 was a short life, it was certainly damned
 merry! ”

   “ But he didn’t exactly spread peace and
 comfort about him as he went,” observed
 Garry.

   “ No—not exactly! ”

   The cab drew up at the entrance to the
 Odillon, and they descended. A very pom-
 pous and impressive lackey in maroon and
 gold livery received them just inside the
 huge doors of the entrance hall.

 “ I want to go to Mr. da Costa’s apart-
 ment,” said Fielding.

 He said it somewhat determinedly and a
 little defiantly, for he felt it quite within
 the bounds of possibility that they would
 be refused admission. It was certainly un-

 called was to be admitted.”

  They followed a second lackey to the
elevator, pondering this.

CHAPTER XII.

PULSATING LOVE LETTERS.

THE elevator-man opened the door and
directed them to an apartment on
the twelfth floor of the building;
slamming the door and vanished. Garry
and Fielding looked about them.

  “ Evidently somebody is expected here,”
said Garry, “ or Da Costa would not have
left orders like those!”

  “ A woman, most likely,” answered
Fielding, with a shrug. “ In any case, it’s
nothing to do with us — or our mission
here!”

  He inserted the key in the lock, and
opened the door. There was stillness with-
in. A night light was burning dimly in
the hall, and by its light they advanced-
without being challenged.

  “ His valet leaves after he is dressed for
the evening,” volunteered Fielding. “ Never
stays at night! Gets here in time to bring
him his coffee in the morning.”

  “ The chances are there’s nobody here,
then,” said Garry.

  “ Most likely not! ”

  Garry thereupon turned on the lights.
And he whistled with astonishment as his
eyes wandered over the rooms. They were
handsomely decorated, and in perfect taste;
a man’s rooms, the dwelling place of a man
of cultivated tastes and more than ordinary
accomplishments. That is—the living room
and dining room and foyer were. The bed
chamber, which he did not see until after-
ward, was rather different.

  “ He got them furnished,” said Fielding,
“ or else had some decorator in.”
8€2

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   Garry picked up a book that was lying
on the small table near the davenport.

  “Nietsche!” he exclaimed, and then
smiled. “ With the pages still uncut,” he
added.

   Fielding moved to the hearth and beck-
oned for Garry to come and see. In the
open grate some one had been burning pho-
tographs and letters. Quite a heap of
them, half destroyed, lay there—-grim tes-
timony to Da Costa’s extensive acquaint-
ance among the fair sex. Not a personal
photograph had been left about.

  “ What do you make of that?” asked
Fielding.

   “ Looks a little as though some one had
been here before us,” answered Gariy.
“ And yet—who could have known of the
murder. The doors were locked. No one
—except ourselves—has left the club.”

  “ But the murderer—knowing what he
was about to do—might have come here
first,” suggested Fielding.

   “ That’s true,” admitted Garry. “ But,
in that case, it must have been a premedi-
tated thing—carefully planned. It didn’t
seem like a deliberate, cold-blooded kill-
ing!”

   “ Is there any use in our looking for evi-
 dence here?” asked Fielding.

   “ Why not look—so long as we are here,”
said Garry. “ The most careful person
sometimes overlooks something/”

   Fielding shrugged—and went round the
grand piano that stood in the window niche
with a Chinese embroidery over it and a
bowl of orchids on top—strange orchids of
a rare species, colored with reds and yel-
lows. There was a small carved cabinet,
half hidden away there.

   “ My guess is that the key fits this,” he
 observed.

   But the cabinet proved to be without
a lock—and empty. Along the further wall
were bookcases, but the key to them was
sticking in the lock.

   “ Let’s try the bedchamber,” suggested
Garry, leading the way. And he smiled as
he crossed the threshold.

   There was a huge, low sleeping couch,
piled with innumerable pillows of different
colored silks. There was a torchlike lamp
on each side of the bed, and a canopy over

 it. Tapestries, gay-colored stuffs, and em-
 broideries lined the walls; with here and
 there a nude of the modern French school,
 or a black and white, after Beardsley. A
 small marble statuette of a shepherd boy,
 piping, stood in the window, bathed in
 moonlight from out of doors, and in an
 amber glow from the hanging lamp above
 him. Across from him stood Da Costa’s
 desk—locked. And the second key that
 Fielding had fitted it.

   “ It will be empty,” Fielding predicted
 as he inserted the key in the lock. “ Some
 one has already been here to cover traces'.’’

   “ No harm to look,” said Garry.

   And then the desk opened under Field-
 ing’s hand—and it was not empty. Direct-
 ly in front stood a picture of Katherine—a
 beautiful picture — with “Yours, K.-’
 scrawled across the bottom of it in her big,
 careless hand. And beside the picture lay
 a little stack of letters—in the same hand
 —four letters addressed to Guy da Costa.
 There was nothing else to be seen.

   “ Katherine Kendall,” breathed Field-
 ing triumphantly, “ and some of her let-
 ters. I guess they’re evidence in the case!”

   “ I guess not,” answered Garry, reaching
 for them; but Fielding was before him.

   “ What’s the idea?” he cried, turning to
 look up at the older man.

   “ I’ll take those,” said Garry, without
 directly replying. His jaw was squared.

   “ Oh, you will, will you—and let Joan
 face the music with the cops? I guess not.
 They go back to Silvers!”

   They eyed each other in open antago-
 nism, now—each man fighting for the wom-
 an he loved. Fielding still sat before the
 desk, his hands closed over the letters;
 Garry stood over him.

   “ I don’t see that this has anything what-
 ever to do with the murder,” said Garry
 calmly. “ She was interested in Da Costa!
 Well—we all know that! Half the town
 knows it! She wrote him letters! Well—
 is that going to add anything to the knowl-
 edge we already have? Letters are such
 intimate personal things. I don’t like the
 idea* of having hers paraded before the pub-
 lic gaze!”

   “ Because you are in love with her,” said
 Fielding grimly.
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

868

“ Perhaps!”	“ Read them?” cried Garry. “ Read let-

 “ Well, I am in love with Joan. And	ters addressed to somebody else?”

 I’m just as anxious to clear her as you are	“ It’s either that—or turn them over,

 to clear Katherine Kendall. These letters	We came here to get any information that

may do it!”	we could about Da Costa’s affairs—and

 “Nonsense,” protested Garry; “they	we’ve got some! You don’t suppose I’m

 can’t have anything to do with the murder,	going to let you destroy these unread, do

I tell you!”	you?”

 “ Exactly. You tell me; but you don’t	Garry drew a long breath,

 know any more than I do about it! Sup-	“ Very well. We’ll read them,” he

 pose we read them and see! ”	agreed. He held out his hand for them.
                 TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK

U	XJ	tX

        A SPRIG OF MYRTLE

                  T'HERE is a bed of myrtle by the house—

                   * It is the flower of memory, they say—

She set it gayly there, a gay young bride—

                      It blossoms there for strangers, now, to-day!

                     Yes, strangers now are living where she dwelt,

                    There in the house to which she came, a bride—

                      Love in her eyes, and roses at her belt,

                      Her young, adoring mate, tall, at her side!

                    And, oh, she needs to pass it every day,

                      As to her little cottage she goes by!

                     Above the stranger voices, glad and gay,

                     Does she, I wonder, hear her first born cry?

                     Do well remembered voices call to her,

                    The laughing voices of her vanished brood,

                    As she goes by? And does she wince to see
                    The strangers in the doorway where she stood

                     To give her mother’s kiss to each in turn.

                     When each had learned, in turn, to say farewell?

                      The door she softly closed, at last, one day
                      Upon the past that she had loved so well!

                     Do figures that her eyes alone can see

                   Walk down the garden paths and bend above
                   The flowers that had known her tender touch.

                    Had blossomed to reward her care and love?

                  Does she remember? Who of us can say?

                    We marvel as we see her passing by,

                    For she goes gallantly upon her way,

                    And ever walks erect, with head held high!

                     And always on her lips there is a smile,

                    But once I saw her, when no one was by,

                    Pause at the gate uncertainly a while,

Then slowly turn and enter haltingly!

                     But, once within, she swiftly sped to where
                     The myrtle bloomed—a moment there caressed
                     Its blossoms! Then she rose, without a tear,

                    And passed—a sprig of myrtle at her breast!

                                          Roselle Merrier Montgomery.
 By WILLIAM J. FLYNN,
 Former Chief, United States Secret Service,

 and GEORGE BARTON.

 II.—THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE FAMILY.

IT did not require big headlines in the
morning newspapers to give the Vernon
Colfax case a sensational aspect. The
facts were sufficient to start the buzz of
scandal in business and social circles, and
for more than the proverbial nine days it
was one of the wonders of little old New
York.

  He was reported to have taken one of the
Hudson River steamers—it was the night
boat to Albany—and was assigned to room
thirteen on the starboard side of the vessel.

During the night some one heard terrible
groaning, and later there was a loud splash
on that side of the steamer. In the morn-
ing they found his room empty and a hardly
decipherable scrawl which intimated that he
was “ tired of it all ” and expected to
“ end ” his misery in short order.

  The family was well-known, and at one
time exerted considerable influence in the
community, but for years it had been run-
ning to seed. Vernon was generally looked
upon as the black sheep of the family, al-

The first story of this series appeared in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 23.

864	4 A
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

865

   though if the truth be known very few of

  them were snow-white. Naturally, the
  steamboat episode caused the wagging

   tongues to work overtime, but if they were
 surprised at the story of the reported sui-
 cide, the astonishment turned to shocked
 amazement when it was announced that
 Vernon Colfax had taken out a life insur-
 ance policy for fifty thousand dollars just
 a year and a day before the episode of
 room thirteen on the Hudson River steamer.

   In view of all these facts Peabody Smith
 was not surprised when he received a mes-
 sage asking him to call on Richmond Wil-
 liams, the president of the Harrison Insur-
 ance Company. Leaning back in his leather-
 covered chair, the veteran insurance man
 told the detective that while they were per-
 fectly willing to pay all just claims, they
 wanted to make sure that the Colfax case
 came within that category. He said they
 wanted a thorough investigation made of
 the case, and if Smith would assure him that
 the claim was legitimate the beneficiary
 would receive his check without further ado.

   “ Technically, I suppose,” he remarked,
 stroking his white mustache, “ we might in-
 sist upon the production of the body of the
 deceased, but we do not intend to go that
 far. Absence of fraudulent intent, and
 proof of death will satisfy all of our require-
 ments.”

   Peabody Smith listened carefully and said
 little. He knew that the company had been
 swindled in the past, and he was also aware
 that a sense of personal vanity prevented
 President Williams from acknowledging that
 fact. Also, he sensed a feeling of disap-
 pointment on the part of the business man.
 Smith’s fame had preceded him, and the in-
 surance expert expected to see an altogether
 different person. Peabody looked anything
 but the conventional detective. He resem-
 bled neither the detective of fact or fiction.
 He was not a miracle man, nor was he the
 awkward investigator who is supposed to
 typify the real sleuth. He was just himself.

   He was wrell-dressed, but so inconspicu-
 ously that President Williams, ten minutes
 after he left, could not remember what he
 wore. He had on a dark'suit of clothing,
 fitted to the season, and wore a violet in his
 buttonhole.

    5 A

  What the head of the insurance company
did know was that Peabody Smith had been

the chief of detectives in one of the large
cities; that he had been an Indian fighter
in his native town; that he had served for
twenty years in the United States Secret
Service; that he had an honorable record in
the Bureau of Investigation in the Depart-
ment of Justice, and had been an officer in
the Intelligence Bureau of the War Depart-
ment during the world imbroglio. He asked
a few pointed questions and then rose to
go. He smiled at the business man in his
sad way.

  “ As I get it, Mr. Williams, you are tired
of having your company swindled, and
you’re willing to go the limit to prevent it
in the future.”

  “ But,” said the other, “ I didn’t say this
was not a legitimate claim. And I said
nothing about the past.”

  “ Quite true, but I know, because it’s my
business to know what has happened in the
past. My scrapbooks cannot talk, but they
often tell me things that are useful in my
profession. You need not apologize for what
you are doing. My favorite author will tell
you that. Josh Billings says very truly that
the man who gets bitten twice by the same
dog is better adapted for that kind of busi-
ness than any other.”

  When Peabody Smith left the room,
Richmond Williams had a better opinion of
him than when he entered.

  That night the detective spent several
hours in reading up on the Vernon Colfax
case, and when he had concluded he had
fully digested all that had appeared in the
newspapers. The first thing in the morn-
ing he called upon Ralph Colfax, the last
of the family and the beneficiary of the in-
surance policy. He knew in advance a great
deal about that branch of the clan.

  To begin with, they were not connected
with those of the same name who had made
such an impression upon the public life of
the country. But having the same name
they had benefited by the similarity. Their
parents had died early, and the two sons
had continued living in the old family home,
which was in the lower section of the city,
almost surrounded by business houses. The
boys existed like Indians. Domestic life,
866

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

as it is known in most well-regulated homes,
was unknown there. They slept there, and
that was all.

  Peabody found Ralph Colfax at home,
and the surviving member of the tribe re-
ceived him with a certain rough-and-ready
courtesy. The detective presented himself
as a representative of the insurance com-
pany, and said that his purpose was to as-
certain the facts concerning the death of
Vernon Colfax. He lit a Pittsburgh stogie
and handed one to his host, and that little
move established a fellowship at once.

   “ As I understand it,” said the detective,
“ you were with your brother on this un-
fortunate trip?”

   “ Yes,” replied the other, “ but there isn’t
much to add to what has already been pub-
lished. It’s not a pleasant thing to say it,
but Vernon has always been the black sheep
of our family. He left home suddenly about
a year ago. I believe that he went to
South America, but I am not sure of the
details because he was always reticent about
himself and his personal affairs. All that I
know is that he went away unexpectedly
and—”

  “ That,” interrupted Peabody, “ was just
after he had taken out the insurance policy
in your favor.”

  “ It was not in my favor,” was the
prompt retort, “ and I don’t know why you
make such an intimation. It was made out
to his heirs.”

  “ But you are the only remaining heir?”
“ Well, yes,” was the grudging assent,
“ if you want to put it that way.”

  “ Pardon me for interrupting you,” said
the detective in a pleasant voice, but with an
unsmiling face, “ go ahead with your story.”1
“ Well, Vernon came home about a week
ago and he seemed to be in pretty bad
shape. He was a nervous wreck. I wanted
him to see a doctor, but he wouldn’t listen
to the suggestion. He lay around the house
like a man who was tired of life.”

  “ You didn’t send for the doctor, you
say. Did any one else see him?”

  “ Yes,” was the reluctant reply, “ Miss
Fordson called here one evening and spent
a few minutes with him.”

  “ And might I ask why Miss Fordson
called to see your brother?”

   “ Miss Amelia Fordson,” replied Ralph,
with the patient air of an adult who is try-
ing to instruct a child, “ is an old friend
of the family. At one time she expected to
marry Vernon, but there was never an actual
engagement between them. He began to go
wrong, and although she has always been
very friendly and sympathetic, the idea of
their marriage became more and more im-
possible.”

   “ So when she heard that he was home,
after a long absence, she was naturally anx-
ious to see him,” suggested Peabody Smith.

   “ Exactly. Yet it might have been better
if she had not come. The effect upon both
of them was bad. She left in tears and he
was a nervous wreck. He said he couldn't
stay in the city any longer; that he had to
be on the move. It was then that I sug-
gested the Adirondacks. The trip up the
Hudson on the Albany boat was only the
first part of the journey.”

  “ You were-to go with him?”

   “ Certainly. He wasn’t fit to go alone.
Events have demonstrated that. I tried
to get adjoining rooms, but that was im-
possible, and we were on different sides of
the boat. On the morning of the departure
I had a lot of little details to look after, and
I sent Vernon on ahead in a taxicab. May-
be that was a mistake, but he reached the
boat all right and lay down in his berth at
once. After that he refused to leave his
stateroom. I carried his meals to him, but
he scarcely ate anything. But when I left
him on that fatal night he seemed more
composed than he had been at any time
since his return home. The rest you know.
The next morning we found his room empty.
The man who had the adjoining cabin
heard him groaning during the night, heard
his door open around twelve o’clock and
then heard the splash as though a body had
been thrown overboard.”

   The detective nodded his head solemnly
and sat for some moments in reflective si-
lence.

   “ Mr. Colfax,” he said presently, “ what
sort of a looking man was your brother?”
Ralph rubbed his chin and gazed into
space, as though he were trying to conjure
up a picture of his dead relative. When
he spoke it was with deliberation.
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

   “ He was of medium build, had dark hair
and a dark mustache. But L can’t say that

he had any peculiar characteristics. By
the way, here’s a picture of him.-’

   He walked to the other side of the room,
followed by the detective. On the wall hung
a photograph of two young men. They
were Ralph and Vernon Colfax. It was
taken when both of them were at their best.
Peabody looked intently at the picture of
Ralph and then at the reality in the flesh.
The counterfeit presented a manly, robust
fellow. The original showed marks of dissi-
pation in every line of his countenance. His
face was puffy and his eyes were sunken and
underscored with dark rings.

   “ You look very much alike in that pho-
tograph, ” remarked Peabody. “ Might I
ask if you were twins?”

  “ No, there were two years between us,
Vernon being the younger. But I believe
there was a strong family resemblance.
Now, Mr. Smith, I’ve told you all I know
and I beg to be excused. If the Harrison
Insurance Company wants to get the reputa-
tion of fighting just claims. I’m ready for
them. I'll get the best counsel in New
York and give them a battle they'll remem-
ber.’’

   “ Who said anything about contesting the
claims?”

  “ Why, you—I—well, what are you here
for if it is not for that purpose?”

   “ My dear Mr. Colfax,’’ rejoined the old
man soothingly. “ this is a big claim and we
are at least entitled to reasonable proof of
death.”

   “ All right,” was the stubborn reply, “ I’ll
see that you get it.”

n.

  Peabody Smith smoked dozens of Pitts-
burgh stogies during the next twenty-four
hours, and Tim Borke declared that he
drank enough English breakfast tea to float
a battleship. But Tim always*talked in ex-
aggerated terms. Yet the old man was do-
ing a lot of thinking, and he sat by the hour
reading Josh Billings and wrinkling his
brows until the crow’s feet around his eyes
seemed to be multiplied by the hundreds.

In the meantime he made a careful ex-

amination of the stateroom on the Hudson
River boat that had been occupied by Ver-
non Colfax. Nothing had been disturbed.

There was a bottle of medicine and some

pills in a box. His shoes were under the
berth, and his bathrobe hung on a hook
behind the door. A book lay face down-
ward on the berth, as though he had been

reading before he reached his tragic deci-
sion. Peabody shuddered, not at the
thought of the tragedy, but at the idea of
any one treating a book in that fashion.

  Captain Harcourt, of the steamer, was not
able to shed much light on the mystery.
He said that he was on deck when the man
arrived. He was bundled up as a sick man
was apf to be, wore a long overcoat, green
goggles, and walked with the aid of a cane.
He spoke in a querulous voice and swore
when he was told that his brother had not
yet come. He went to his room at once and
remained there. The other details, as re-
lated to the detective by Ralph Colfax,
were confirmed by Captain Harcourt.

  That afternoon Peabody called upon
Amelia Fordson at her apartment on West
Ninety-Fourth Street. She was a cultured
woman who, without being rich, had always
been in good circumstances. The detective
contrived to gain her interest at the outset,
and she readily answered his questions. She
knew all about the incident of the Hudson
River boat, or at least had read about it in
the newspapers. She shook her head sadly.

  “ I'm not at all surprised,” she admitted,
“ and all that I can do is to feel intense
regret that such a promising young man
should have had such a sad ending.”

  “ I'm told,” said Peabody gently, “ that
you called on him a few days before this
unfortunate occurrence.”

  “ Yes,” she replied. “ I had not seen him
in years, and you can imagine my surprise
when I was called on the telephone and
heard his familiar voice.”

  “ He called you himself?”

  “ He did, and asked me if I would not
come and see him for old-times’ sake. I
knew that it would be an or deed, but I could
not find the heart to refuse. I’m sorry now,
because I would have liked to remember
him as he was in the good old days—a
handsome, manly, bright boy.”
868

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ You found him changed, then?”

  “ Greatly. He was alone in an armchair
in the sitting room. He kept the shades
down, saying that the light hurt his eyes.
He looked positively ghastly—like an old
man, in fact. He seemed to have aged
twenty years in the few that had passed
since we met. He said little, but held my
hand, as if he did not want me to go. After
that he grew nervous and hysterical, and
I felt that it was wise to leave him. The
next thing I heard was this dreadful story
about the Albany boat.”

  “ Did you ever hear where he went when
he left the city unexpectedly?”

   “ Never definitely, but it was my belief
that he went to the Argentine. In iffy short
visit we had no opportunity of talking about
his trip.”

   Peabody Smith was very thoughtful after
he left Miss Fordson. He stopped at the
office of one of the steamship companies,
and also made some inquiries at the rail-
road offices. When Tim Burke, his assist-
ant, met him that evening the old man was
engaged in going over a mass of time-tables.

  “ What’s the matter, boss?” he asked.
“ Getting ready for a vacation?”

  “ I don’t know whether you’d call it a
vacation,” responded Peabody, grimly:
“ but I start for Buenos Aires to-morrow.”
The veteran did not go away for rest and
relaxation, and yet he managed to combine
pleasure with business. When he reached
the lively capital of the Argentine he was
in the right mood to pursue his investiga-
tions. His fame had preceded him, and
he found the police officials eager to assist
him in his quest. It wTas several days be-
fore he was able to trace the movements of
Vernon Colfax, and in the meantime he
made it his business to haunt the streets of
the community, admiring the skyscrapers
and the up-to-date methods of the most im-
portant city in South America.

   In less than a week he had located some
men who knew Colfax when he was living
in Buenos Aires, and a day later he found
a young woman who had been one of the
admirers of the castaway. It was in the
older and the quainter part of the city that
Peabody Smith made the acquaintance of
Mercedes Runyon, and when she found

that he w as interested in Senor Col lax,
there was nothing that she was not willing
to tell him.

  They sat on the balcony of a white-
washed brick house. The lattice work
around it was covered with creeping flow-
ers, and off in the distance they looked
down upon a beautiful rose garden. The
girl talked of love in a low, tender voice
that made the detective experience twinges
of conscience as well as of sentiment.

   “ To know Senor Colfax,” said the girl
softly, “ was to love him. There was no
thought of marriage between us, and yet
I would have married him at any time if he
had asked me. He drank, alas, more than
was good for him. But always he was the
gentleman. He was so romantic, too. One
night nothing would do but that he should
have a heart tattooed upon his right arm.
That, he said, was to always be a reminder
of me.”

   Filled with these reminiscences, Peabody
called on the local police the next morning
and was given a most astonishing bit of in-
formation. They, too, had traced the
American, and they found that he had been
drowned two years before. The sad-faced
detective scratched his sparse hair and tried
to puzzle out the mystery. How could
Vernon Colfax be drowned from a Hudson
River steamboat six weeks ago if he had
died in Buenos Aires two years earlier?

   “ Are you sure about the date?”

   “ As sure as we can be about a matter
that will never be entirely cleared,” was
the reply.

   It seems that on or about the date men-
tioned the steamship Bolivar had taken a
party of excursionists on a trip along La
Plata River. That stream is subject to
sudden and violent gusts of wind. On this
occasion a storm broke with unexampled
fury and a score of the passengers were
lost. Vernon Colfax had been on the Boli-
var, and it was generally believed that he
was among the missing. Some of the bodies
were recovered, and that of the American
was identified by a brother who was said to
have come from New York. But there
were no official records of this, and Senor
Smith would have to rely on word of mouth
for his proof.
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

869

  Peabody was not the kind of man to
show emotion, .but he had difficulty in re-
straining himself at this announcement.

He made it his business to have another

meeting with Mercedes Runyon on the
flower-covered balcony. The girl did not
know what had become of Vernon Colfax.
He had left suddenly without telling her
where he was going. She recalled the dis-
aster of the Bolivar, but never dreamed
that he was on that boat. With 90 many
bodies that were never identified, it was not
surprising. Peabody left without enlight-
ening her. This was indeed a case where
ignorance was bliss.

  He returned to the United States with
the problem unsolved, but with much fogd
for thought. His first call was at the office
of the Harrison Insurance Company.
President Williams had heard of his trip
to the Argentine, but he was frankly dis-
appointed when he learned that the Colfax
case was still in the lumber room of unex-
plained mysteries.

  “ Ralph Colfax was in here yesterday,”
he said, “ and he raised a regular row. He
says that if he does not receive a check for
fifty thousand dollars within three days,
he’s going into court. Ordinarily I would
not mind a threat of that kind, but Colfax
has a sharp lawyer who has been waiting
to get a shot at us for years, and if he does,
I’m afraid that he will give us the kind of
advertising we are not seeking. He hasn’t
a thing on us, but you know we pride our-
selves on making payment twenty-four
hours after death, and this thing has now
run into the second month.”

  Peabody Smith never looked more like a
funeral director than he did at this moment.
His face was the personification of unre-
lieved sadness. He spoke in melancholy
tones.

   “ He gives us three days, does he? Well,
mv guess is that two days will serve our
purpose. That is unless all of my plans
go to smash. Now, while I’m here, I would
like to have an interview with the doctor
who examined Vernon Colfax when he took
out this policy.”

  Dr. Hendricks was in his office at the
time, and he was only too glad to talk to
the detective about one of the most impor-

tant policies that had been issued by the
company. Peabody Smith sat down in the

armchair that was offered him and curled

up his legs with the air of a man whose

whole object in life is his personal comfort.

When he spoke it was with that delibera-
tion that was so disconcerting to those who
were not familiar with his mannerisms.

“ Doctor,” he began, “ m view of the
size of this policy I suppose you gave the
applicant a pretty thorough examination?”
The physician bristled up in the attitude
of one who finds himself on the defensive.

  “ I personally examined Vemon Colfax,”
he replied, “ and I found him to be a pretty
good risk. If I hadn’t I wouldn’t have
recommended the issuance of the policy.”
“ Just so,” commented the detective in
the style of a cross-examiner. “ .And just
what did you find his condition to be?”

  “ Almost normal, I should say. The
man was not perfect physically when I saw
him. He gave evidence of having dissi-
pated, but in spite of that his heart and
lungs were in number one condition.”

“ What kind of a policy did he take?”
“ The usual one, I think. There was
one clause in it which said payment should
not be made if death was caused by suicide
within one year after it was issued.”

  “ And Vemon Colfax jumped overboard
just a year and a day after that policy was
handed over?”

   “ So I'm told. But I can’t be held re-
sponsible for that, can I?”

   " Presumably not. In making the exami-
nation, did you cause Mr. Colfax to strip?”
Dr. Hendricks laughed.

  “ I did. I remember that he protested
against that at the time, but I told him it
was usual in the case of big policies.”

   “ Now, doctor, think well over this ques-
tion. Did you notice anything unusual
about the applicant’s body? About his
right arm, for instance?”

   Peabody Smith leaned forward as he put
this query. The crow’s feet were thick
about his gray eyes. There was anxiety in
the grave face. He waited for the answer
with manifest impatience. Dr. Hendricks,
on his part, took his time in replying.
When he spoke it was with great positive-
ness:
870

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ Yes, there was one unusual thing for
a man in his station in life. I noticed that
his right arm was tattooed.”

   Peabody Smith relaxed. He fell back in
his chair with a sigh of relief. The strained
look left his face. He had the answer he
expected, and he smiled. And as he smiled
his whole countenance lit up with the same
effectiveness that comes when a light is
struck in a dark room. He paused for a
moment, then he put another question that
was intended to clinch the first.

   “ And will you tell me what object was
tattooed on his arm? Do you recall that?”
“ Oh, yes,” answered the doctor, now
fully restored to good humor. “ I don’t
think I could ever forget that. It was an
anchor.”

   The unexpectedness of this puzzled the
detective. It put the case back to where
it had been in the beginning.

   “ Now, doctor,” he said, persuasively,
“ don’t you think your memory has failed
you? Don’t you think the object that was
indelibly printed on his arm could have
been a heart?”

   “ No, I don't,” was the sharp retort of a
man who was in danger of losing his temper.
“ If you think I’m not capable of telling
the difference between an anchor and a
heart, then I’m not fit for my job.”
Peabody Smith had to be satisfied with
that, and he left the office and went to his
apartment and indulged in a session with
Josh Billings. It was his theory that the
wit and wisdom of the phonetic humc-ist
always had the effect of sharpening his
mental faculties. His sense of momentary
defeat soon passed away, and when Tim
Burke called an hour later he found the old
man in fine fettle.

   “ My boy,” he cried, “ I’m going to wind
this case up to-morrow—just twenty-four
hours before the time limit that has been
fixed by Ralph Colfax. It’s as clear as
noonday to me now. I only need one little
link to complete the chain of evidence.
Maybe I’ll get it and maybe I won't. At
all events, I’m going to stake everything on
a single throw of the dice.”

   “ I’ll bet on you,” replied the faithful
one, “ and I’m shocked to hear you use the
language of the gambling fraternity.”

“ You needn’t be,” was the calm retort,

“ because life itself is a gamble, and the
man who takes the biggest chances usually
gets away with the biggest pot.”

III.

                                                •

  Peabody Smith was at the office of
Richmond Williams at ten o’clock the next
morning. The president of the insurance
company greeted him warmly and hoped
that he had found what he wanted.

   “ Not yet,” was the cheerful retort: “ hut
I’ll eat my shirt if I haven’t got it before
the clock strikes twelve!”

   As they talked, a messenger brought in
a card stating that Ralph Colfax wanted
to see Mr. Williams. The president glanced
at the card and frowned in perplexity.
Smith caught sight of the name and ex-
claimed:

   “ Good; nothing could be better. Bring
him in and we may be able to expedite the
matter.”

   Ralph Colfax entered with a frown upon
his dissipated face. He glanced from one
to the other.

  “ I’m tired of being jockeyed by you
two,” he exclaimed,<c and if I don’t get my
money right away there’ll be trouble in this
town.”

   “ Colfax,” cried Peabody Smith, “ you’re
nothing but a bluffer, and you know it!
If I were Mr. Williams I’d take you by the
seat of the trousers and fire you out of the
office!”

  The bland president was surprised at
this language. He didn’t like it at all. As
for Ralph Colfax, it produced exactly the
effect that had been intended by the de-
tective. He turned on Smith hotly:

“ He can’t do that, and neither can you.”

   The sad-faced detective took off his coat
and rolled up his sleeves. The two men
looked at him in amazement. He spoke
to Colfax with spirit:

  “ Take off your coat and get down to
business. I’m twenty years older than you,
but if I can’t trim you in one round I’ll tell
Mr. Williams to give you that check before
you leave the room. Come on now and stop
your bluffing.”

Colfax squared off as though he pitied
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

871

  the poor old man. He took his place in
the center of the room.

  “No, no,” exclaimed Peabody; “take

off your coat and roll up your sleeves,”
Ralph followed instructions reluctantly,

but with an evident desine to satisfy this

eccentric person. He tossed his coat on a
chair and then rolled up his shirt sleeves.
Peabody watched him with fascinated in-
terest. As the operation was concluded,
the detective let out a cry of triumph:
Ralph Colfax had bared his right arm,
and imprinted thereon was the design of
an anchor.

  “ You are my prisoner.” shouted Pea-
body Smith. “ I arrest you for trying to
defraud the Harrison Insurance Company
out of fifty thousand dollars:”

   The man turned pale, and all of the life
seemed to leave him. He dropped into a
chair like a limp rag.

  Tim Burke had entered the room, and
he stood there beside President Williams,
awaiting the orders of his chief. But Pea-
body did not seem to see either of them.
He proceeded to address Ralph Colfax.

   “ You nearly got away with it. but that
anchor sealed your doom. I suspected you
from the start, but it was hard to make all
of the little pieces dovetail. That was be-
cause there was so much truth in your fic-
tion. It was true that Vernon went to
South America, and when you identified
him as the victim of the steamboat accident
you first conceived the idea of making easy
money by fooling the insurance company.
You looked so much like your brother that
you had no difficulty in impersonating him
in the examination with the insurance com-

Next Week: " THE

pan}% But you had to wait a whole year

to overcome the suicide clause. You hood-
winked Miss Fordson all right. Your voice
is that of your brother, and she thought it
was Vernon who called her on the tele-
phone. Then, by the aid of a darkened
room and some dever make-up, you con-
tinued the hoax when she made her brief
call.'’

  " But.” protested the prisoner feebly,

*• my brother went on the boat ahead of

me.”

  “ He did not,” cried Peabody, “ it was
you who went on the boat, wrapped in
blankets and well disguised. You changed
to your real self in the cabin and then came
out and circulated among the passengers
and talked constant!}' to the captain of your
sick brother in his bunk. You did the
groaning that night, and you tossed the
heavy stone overboard to imitate the body
of a man going into the water. Also you
lef the evidence of the poor unfortunate in
the cabin where it would be found in the
morning. It was little Miss Mercedes Run-
yon, of Buenos Aires, who spilled the beans
when she told me of how Vernon had tat-
tooed the heart on his arm. And, of course,
the fatal flaw was when you permitted the
medical examiner to see that telltale anchor
on your own arm.”

  “ Ralph Colfax ought to have known
better,’- said Peabody Smith to Tim Burke
that night; “ but men like him never seem
to get wisdom. It always comes too late.
Old Josh Billings described his kind when
he said that experience was a school where
some men leam what fools they have been.”

CHALKED HAT.”

u	n	u

NOVEMBER’S JEWEL

'\^ ’ HO first comes to this world below

       With dread November's fog and snow
   Should prize the topaz's amber hue—
   Emblem of friends and lovers true.
By RAY CUMMINGS

 Author of “ The Golden Atom," etc.

Irishman. I liked him at once—I think we
all did.

He began, characteristically, near the end
rather than the beginning of the events I
knew he must have to tell us.

“ I got away,” he chuckled, grinning
more broadly than ever. “ But where I was
going to, search me. And who the deuce
are you, if you don’t mind my asking? How
did you ever get to this God-forsaken
place?”

I smiled. “ You tell us about yourself
first; then I’ll tell you about myself. You
are the earth-man we’ve been hearing about,
aren’t you—the man Tao captured in Wyo-
ming and brought here with him?”

“ They caught me in Wyoming all right.
Who’s Tao?”

“ He’s the leader of them all.”

 This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 21.

 S72

CHAPTER XIV.

THE RULER OF THE LIGHT COUNTRY.

HOWEVER pleased the newcomer was
to see me, I had no difficulty in
assuring him with equal truth that
my feelings matched his. The first surprise
of the meeting over, we took him to the
living room, where Lua greeted him with
dignified courtesy, and we all gathered
around to hear his story.

  He was, I saw now, not more than twen-
ty years old, rather short—perhaps five feet
six or seven inches—and powerfully built,
with a shock of tousled red hair and a hand-
some, rough-hewn face essentially mascu-
line.

  He seemed to be an extraordinarily good-
humored chap, with the ready wit of an
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

873

  “ Oh. Well, they brought me here, as
you say, and I guess they’ve had me about
all over this little earth since. They stuck
me in a boat, and Lord knows how far we
went. We got here last night, and when
my guard went to sleep I beat it.” He
scratched his head lugubriously. “ Though
what good I thought it was going to do me
I don’t know. That’s about all, I guess.
Who the deuce are you?”

   I laughed.

  “ Wait a minute—don’t go so fast. Start
at the beginning. What’s your name?”
“Oliver Mercer.”

  His face grew suddenly grave. “ My
brother was killed up there in Wyoming—
that’s how I happened to go there in the
first place.”

  “ Mercer!” I exclaimed.

  He started. “ Yes—why? You don’t
think you know me, by any chance, do
you?”

  “ No, but I knew your brother—that is,
I know Bob Trevor, who was with him
when he wras killed.- He’s one of my best-
friends.”

  The young fellow extended his hand.
“ A friend of Bob Trevor’s—away off here!
Don’t it get you, just?”

   Miela interrupted us here to translate to
her mother and Anina what he said.

  Mercer went on:

  “ The assumption is, you people here are
.not working with this gang of crooks I got
away from—this Tao? Am I right in
thinking so?”

  “ You’re certainly right, that far,” I
laughed.

   I felt, more than I can say, a great sense
of relief, a lessening of the tension, the
unconscious strain I had been under, at this
swift, jovial conversation with another hu-
man of my own kind.

  “ Yes, you’re right on that. This Tao
and I are not exactly on the same side.
I’ll tell you all about it in a minute.”

  “ Then, we’re working together?”

   “ Yes.”

   “ Well, all I’m working for is to get back
home where I came from.”

  “ You won’t be when you 'hear all I’ve
got to say.”

  He started at that; then, with sudden

change of thought, his eyes turned to Anina.
The girl blushed under his admiring gaze.

  “ Say, she’s a little beauty, isn’t she?
Who is she?”

  “ She’s my sister,” I said, smiling.

  For once he was too dumfounded to
reply.

  Miela had finished her translation now,
and, as she turned back to us, spoke in
English for the first time during the con-
versation.

  “ Do you know why it is they brought
you here from the Twilight Country?” she
asked Mercer.

  This gave him another shock. “ Why, I—
no. That is—say, how do you happen to
talk English? Is it one of your languages
here, by any chance?”

  Miela laughed gayly.

  “ Only we three, in all this world, speak
English. I know it because—”

  I interrupted her.

  “ Suppose I tell him our whole story,
Miela? Then—”

  “ That’s certainly what I want to hear,”
said Mercer emphatically. “ And especial-
ly why it is that I’m not supposed to want
to get back to where I belong.”
jVIy explanation must have lasted nearly
an hour, punctuated by many questions and
exclamations of wonder from young Mer-
cer. I told him the whole affair in detail,
and ended with a statement of exactly how
matters stood now on Mercury.

  “ Do you want to hurry back home to
earth now?” I finished.

  “ Duck out of this? I should say not.
Why, we’ve got a million things to do
here.”	t

  His eyes turned again toward Anina.

  “ And, say—about letting those girls
keep their wings. I’m strong for that. Let’s
be sure and fix that up before we leave.”

  It was not more than half an hour later
when the king’s guards arrived to conduct
us to the castle. Meanwhile young Mercer
had discovered he was hungry and thirsty.
As soon as he had finished eating we start-
ed off—he and I, with Lua and Miela. The
guards led us away as though we were pris-
oners, forming a hollow square—there were
some thirty of them—with us in the center.
We attracted little attention from passers-
874

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

by; the few who stopped to stare at us,
or who attempted to follow, were briskly
ordered away.

  Occasionally a few girls would hover
overhead, but when the guards shouted up
at them they flew away obediently.

  The king’s castle was constructed of
metal and stone—a long, low, rambling
structure, flanked by two spires or minarets,
giving it somewhat an Oriental appearance.
Each of these minarets was girdled, halfway
up, by a narrow balcony.

  The first room into which we passed was
small, seemingly an antechamber. From it,
announced by two other guards who stood
at the entrance, we entered directly into the
main hall of the building. At one end of it
there was a raised platform. On this, seat-
ed about a large table, were some ten or
twelve dignitaries—the king’s advisers.
They were, I saw, all aged men, with beard-
less, seamed faces, long snowy-white hair to
their shoulders, and dressed in flowing silk
robes.

  The king was a man of seventy-odd,
kindly faced, gentle in demeanor. He bore
himself with the dignity of a born ruler,
and yet his very kindliness of aspect and
the doddering gravity of his aged council-
ors, seemed to explain at once most of the
trouble that now confronted him.

  We stood beside this table—they cour-
teously made way for Lua to sit among
them—and all its occupants immediately
turned to face us.

  Our audience lasted perhaps an hour and
a half altogether. I need not go into de-
tails. I was right in assuming that the king
desired to help us prevent Tao from his at-
tempted conquest of the earth. This was
so, but only in so far as his actions would
not jeopardize the peace of his own nation.
He sadly admitted his error in allowing
Tao’s emissaries into the Light Country.
But now they were there, he did not see
how to get them out.

  His people were daily listening to them
more eagerly; and, what was worse, the po-
lice guards themselves seemed rather more
in sympathy with them than otherwise. A
slight disturbance had occurred in the
streets the day before, and the guards had
stood apathetically by, taking no part.

Above all else, the king stoutly protested,
he would have no bloodshed in his country
if he could prevent it.

  In the neighboring towns of the Light
Country—the nearest of which was some
forty miles away from the Great City—the
situation was almost the same. Reports
brought by young women flying between
the cities said that to many Tao also had
sent emissaries who were fast winning con-
verts to his cause.

  “ Do all these people who believe in Tao
expect to go to our earth when it is con-
quered?” I asked Miela. “ How can they
—so many of them—hope to benefit in that
way? Aren’t they satisfied here?”

  Miela smiled sadly.

  “ No people can ever be satisfied—all
of them. That you must know, my hus-
band. They have many grievances against
our ruler. Many things they want which he
cannot give. Tao may promise these things
—and if they believe his promise it is very
bad.”

  “ He might come over here and try to
make himself king,” Mercer said suddenly.
“ If it’s like that maybe he could do it,
too, with this grand earth-conquest getting
ready. Tell the king that—see what he
says.”

  “ He says that he realizes and fears it,”
Miela answered. “ But he thinks that first
Tao will go to your earth, and he may never
come back. So much may happen—”

  “ So he’s just going to wait,” I explained.
“ Well, we’re not just going to wait. Ask
the king what our status is.”

  “ Ask him about me,” Mercer put in.
“ Are those Tao men going to grab me the
minute I show my face on the street, or
will he protect me?”

  Miela translated this to the king, adding
something of her own to which he evidently
agreed.

  “ It is as I thought,” she said. “ He
believes he can present you to the people
as men of earth who are our guests, and
that they will accept you in friendly spirit,
most of them.”

  The king spoke to one of his advisers,
who abruptly left the room.

  “ He will call the people now,” Miela
went on, “ and will speak to them from the
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

875

tower—all who can leave their tasks to
come. You will stand there with him. He
will ask that we of the Light Country allow
you to remain here in peace among us.
And this captive earth man of Tao’s ”—
she laid her hand lightly on Mercer’s
shoulder—“ he will ask, too, that he be
given sanctuary among us. Our people still
are kindly—most of them—and they will
see the justice of what he asks.”

  I suggested then that Miela tell the king
that we had determined, if we could, to frus-
trate Tao in his plans; and showed her how
to point out to him that such an outcome
would, if successful, make his throne secure
and insure peace for his nation.

  He asked me bluntly what it was I
thought I could do. The vague beginnings
of a plan were forming in my mind. “ Tell
"him, Miela, I think we can rid the Light
Country of Tao’s emissaries—send them
back—without causing any disturbances
among the people. Ask him if that wrould
not be a good tiling.'”

  The king nodded gravely as this was
translated.

  “ He asks you how?” Miela said next.

  “ Tell him, Miela, that there are some
things that might happen of which he would
be very glad, but which it might be better
he did not know. You understand. Make
him see that we will be responsible for this
—that he needn’t have anything to do with
it or know anything about it. Then, if we
do anything wrong against your laws, he
will be perfectly safe in stopping and pun-
ishing us.”

  Miela nodded, and began swiftly telling
this to the king. As she spoke I saw his
eyes twinkle and a swift little series of
nods from the aged men about the table
made me know that I had carried my point.
During the latter part of this talk I had
noticed the growing murmur of voices out-
side the castle. The old man who had left
the room at the Ring’s order came back.

  “ The people now are gathering,” Miela
said. “ In a moment we shall go up into
the tower.”

  The king’s councilors now rose and with-
drew, and a few moments later the king,
without formality, led the four of us
through the castle and up into the tower.

  We climbed a little stone staircase in the
tower and came into a circular room some
sixty feet above the ground. A small door-
way from this room gave access to the
narrow balcony which girdled the tower.
The sounds of the gathering crowd came up
plainly from the gardens below. We waited
for a time, and then, at a sign from the
king, stepped together upon the balcony.

  The gardens below were full of people—
gathered among the palms and moving
about for points of vantage from which to
obtain a view of the balcony. Most of
them were men and older women. The girls
were, nearly all of them, in the air, flying
about the tower and hovering near the bal-
cony, staring at us curiously. The women
were, for the most part, dressed as I have
described Lua.

  The men wore knee-length trousers of
fabric or leather, and sometimes a shirt or
leather jacket, although a difference of cos-
tume that made evident the rank of the
wearer was noticeable in both sexes. All
were bareheaded, with the exception of the
king’s guards, who were thus plainly dis-
tinguishable, standing idly about among the
crowd.	\

  As we stepped out into view of the people
a louder murmur arose, mingled with a rip-
ple of applause. Three or four girls, hover-
ing only a few feet in front of us, clapped
their hands and laughed. The king placed
Mercer and me on either side of him, and,
standing with his hands on our shoulders,
leaned over the balcony rail and began to
speak.

  A silence fell over the crowd; they lis-
tened quietly, but with none of that respect
and awe with which a people usually faces
its king.

  Miela whispered to me. “ He is telling
them about your earth, and that you came
here to visit us in friendly spirit.”

  There were some murmurs of dissent as
the king proceeded, and once some bolder
individual shouted up a question, at which
a wave of laughter arose. As it died away,
and the crowd appeared to listen to the
king’s next words, a stone suddenly came
whirling up from below, narrowly missing
the king’s head. A sudden hush fell over
the people at this hostile act; then a tumult
876

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

  of shouting broke loose, and a commotion
  off to one side showed where the offender
  was standing.

    Mercer wheeled toward me, his face
  white with anger.

   “Who did that—did you see' him?
  Which one was it?”

    The king began to speak, as if nothing
  had occurred, and an instant later several
  more stones whistled past us. The commo-
  tion in the crowd grew more violent, but
  it was evident that a great majority of the
  people were against this demonstration.

     “ It is bfetter we go inside,” Miela said
  quietly.

    The king was shouting down to his
  guards now, but they stood apathetically
  by, taking no part.

    Another stone hurtled past us, striking
  the tower and falling at our feet. The
  king abruptly ceased his shouting and left
  the balcony. As he passed me and I glanced
  into his frightened face I felt a sudden sense
  of pity for this gentle, kindly old man, so
  well-meaning, but so utterly ineffective as a
  ruler.

    I was about to pull Miela back into the
  room when a girl flew up to the balcony
  railing. As she balanced herself upon it I
  saw it was Anina. She said something to
  Miela, who turned swiftly to me.

    “ She is right, my husband. We must
  not leave the matter like this. They can
  have no confidence in you—our women
  most of all—if you do not do something
  now. A sign of your strength now would
  make them respect you—perhaps one of
  those who threw the stones you could pun-
  ish.”

    I knew she was right. Most of the crowd
  was with us. If we retreated now, those
  against us would grow bolder—our appear-
  ance on the street might at any time be
  dangerous. But if now wre proved ourselves
  superior in strength, the popular sentiment
  ^ in our favor would be just that much
  stronger. At least, that is the way it seemed
  to me.

    I did not need to ask Mercer’s opinion,
  for at Miela’s words he immediately said:
  “ That’s my idea. Just give me a chance
  at them.”

    He leaned over the balcony. “ How are

we going to get down there? It’s too far to
drop.”

  Miela spoke to Anina, and they both flew
away. In a moment they were back with
two other girls. All four clung to the out-
side of the balcony railing, and formed a
cross with their joined hands. Into this
little seat of their arms I clambered. My
weight was too great for them to have lifted
me up, but they fluttered safely with me
to the ground, landing in a heap among the
people, who had cleared a space to receive
us. As soon as I was upon my feet the
girls flew back for Mercer, and in a moment
more he was beside me.

  “ If we only knew who threw those
stones,” I said.

  I stood erect, and my greater height en*
abled me to see over the heads of the people
easily.	v

  Miela laid her hand on my arm.

  “ One of them I know. His name is
Baar, a bad character. He has caused much
trouble in the past.”

  She then told me hastily that she and
Anina would fly up and seek him out. Merj
cer and I were to follow them through the
crowd on the ground.

  The throng was pushing close about us
now, although those nearest us tried to keep
away as best they could. Miela and Anina
flew up over our heads, and, side by side,
Mercer and I started off. The people
struggled back before our advance, striving
to make a path for us. At times the press
of those behind made it impossible for them
to give us room. We did not hesitate, but
shoved our way forward, elbowing theni'
away roughly.

  Suddenly, some twenty feet ahead of us,
I saw Miela and Anina come to the ground,
and in a moment more we were with them
again.

  The crowd was less dense here, and about
us there was a considerable open space.
Miela pointed out a man leaning against the
trunk of a palm tree near by and glaring at
us malevolently.

  “ That is he,” she said quietly. “ A very
bad man—this Baar—whom many would'
like to see punished.”

  Mercer jumped forward, but I swept him
back with my arm.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

871

    “ Leave him to me,” I said. “ You stand
  here by the girls. If I need you, I’ll
  shout.”

    The man by the tree was a squat little
  individual, some five feet three or four
  inches tall, and extraordinarily broad. He
  was bareheaded, with black hair falling to
  his shoulders. He was naked to the waist,
  exposing a powerful torso. His single gar-
  ment was the usual knee-length trousers.
  I thought I had never seen so evil a face
  as his, as he stood there, holding his ground
  before my slow advance, and leering at me.
  His cheek bones were high, his jowls heavy,
  his little eyes set wide apart. His nose was
  flat, as though it had once been broken.

    I went straight up to him, and he did not
  move. There were certainly three hundred
  people watching us as I stood there facing
  him.

    “ You threw a stone at your king,” I said
  to him sternly, although I knew perfectly
  well he could not understand my words.
  u You shall be punished.”

    I reached out suddenly and struck him
  in the face as smartly .as I could with the
  fiat of my hand. He gave a roar of sur-
  prise and pain, and as soon as he could
  recover from my blow lunged at me with a
  snarl of rage.

    As he came I turned and darted swiftly
  away. I heard a shout of surprise from
  Mercer. “ It’s all right,” he called.
  “Wait.”

    I ran about twenty feet, then turned and
  waited. The man came on, head down,
  charging like a mad bull. When he was
  close upon me I gathered my muscles and
  sprang clear over his head, landing well be-
  hind him.

    He stopped and looked around confused-
  ly, evidently not quite sure at first what
  had become of me.

    Mercer gave a shout of glee, and, to my
great satisfaction, I heard it taken up by
the crowd, mingled with murmurs of sur-
; prise and awe.

    I stood quiet, and again my opponent
  charged me. I eluded him easily, and then
  for fully ten minutes I taunted and baited
  him this way, as a skillful toreador taunts
  \ his bull. The crowd now seemed to enjoy
  the affair hugely.

  Finally I darted behind my adversary
and, catching him by the shoulders, tripped
him and laid him on his back on the ground
A great roar of laughter went up from the
onlookers.

  The man was on his feet again in an
instant, breathing heavily, for indeed he
had nearly winded himself by his exertions.
I ran over to Mercer.

  “ Go on,” I said; “ show them what you
can do.”

  The commotion of this contest had drawn
many other spectators about us now, but
they kept a space clear, pushing back hur-
riedly before our sudden rushes. At my
words Mercer darted forward eagerly. His
first move was to leap some twenty feet
across the open space. This smaller oppo-
nent seemed to give the Mercutian new
courage.

  He shouted exultantly and dashed at
Mercer, who stood quietly waiting for him
at the edge of the crowd.

  Mercer’s ideas evidently were different
from mine, for as his adversary came within
reach he stepped nimbly aside and hit him
a vicious blow in the face. The man top-
pled over backward and lay still.

  I ran over to where Mercer was bending
over his fallen foe. As I came up he
straightened and grinned at me. “ Oh,
shucks,” he said disgustedly. “ You can’t
fight up here—it’s too easy.”

CHAPTER XV.

THE MOUNTAIN CONCLAVE.

“ |T is reasonable,” Miela said thought-
I fully. “ And that our women will
help as you say—of that I am sure.”
We were gathered in the living room after
the evening meal, and I had given them my
ideas of how we should start meeting the
situation that confronted us. We had had
no more trouble that day. After the en-
counter in the king’s garden Mercer and I
had followed the two girls swiftly home.
We were not molested in the streets, al-
though the people crowded about us wher-
ever we went.

■*“ Why did none of Baar’s friends come
to his rescue up there in the garden?” I
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

878

asked Miela. “ Surely there must have been
many of them about.”

  “ They were afraid, perhaps,” she an-
swered. “ And they knew the people were
against them. There might have been se-
rious trouble; for that is not their way—to
fight in the open.”

  Her face became very grave. “ We must
be very careful, my husband, that they, or
Tao’s men do not come here to harm you
while you sleep.”

  “ Why do you suppose they ever hap-
pened to bring me here in the first place?”
Mercer wanted to know. “ That’s what I
can’t figure out.”

  “ They knew not that Alan was here,”
said Miela. “ I think they wanted to show
you to our people as their captive—one of
the earth-men.”

  Mercer chuckled.

  “ They didn’t know what a good runner
I was, or they’d never have taken a chance
like that.”

  I told Miela then my plan for enlisting
the sympathy of the women of the Light
Country and for securing the active coop-
eration of the girls in ridding us of the
disturbing presence of these Tao emissa-
ries.

  We planned that whatever we did should
be in secret, so far as possible. Mercer
and I talked together, while Miela consulted
with Lua at length.

  I explained to Mercer that Tao might at
any time send an expedition to invade the
Light Country.

  “ How about that car we came from earth
in?” he suggested. “ He could sail over in
that, couldn’t he—if he should want to come
over here?”

  I knew that was not feasible. In the
outer realms of space the balancing attrac-
tions of the different heavenly bodies made
it easy enough to head in any specified di-
rection; but for travel over a planet’s sur-
face it was quite impractical. Its rise and
fall could be perfectly governed; but when
it was directed laterally the case was very
different. Just where it would go could not
be determined with enough exactness.

  Miela turned back to us from her con-
sultation with Lua.

  “ In the mountains, high up and far be-

yond the Valley of the Sun,” she said, “ lies |g|
a secret place known only to our women. I
Our mother says that she and I and Anina 1
can spread the news among our virgins to ff
gather there to-morrow at the time of sleep, f
Only to those we know we can trust will we
speak—and they will have no men to whom
to tell our plans. To-morrow they will 1
gather up there in the clouds, among the
crags, unseen by prying eyes. And you
and our—our friend Ollie ”—she smiled as
she used the nickname by which he had If
asked her to call him—“ you two we will
take there by the method you have told us.

We will arrange, up there in secret, what it
is we are to do to help our world and
yours.”

  This, in effect, was our immediate plan
of procedure. Nearly all the next day Mer-
cer and I stayed about the house, while the
three women went through the city quietly,
calling forth all those they could reach to
our conclave in the mountains.

  They returned some time* after midday.
Miela came first, alighting with a swift,
triumphant swoop upon the roof where
Mercer and I were sitting.

  One glance at her face told me she had
been successful.

  “ They will come, my husband,” she an-
nounced. “ And they are ready and eager,
all of them, to do what they can.”

  Anina and Lua brought the same news.
When we were all together again Mercer
and I took them to the garden behind the
house and showed them what we had done
while they were away.

  It was my plan to have the girls carry
Mercer and me through the air with them.

For that purpose we had built a platform
of bamboo, which now lay ready in the
garden.

  Miela clapped her hands at sight of it.

“ That is perfect, my husband. No diffi-
culty will there be in taking you with us
now.”

  The platform was six feet wide by ten
long. It rested upon a frame with two
poles of bamboo some forty feet in length
running lengthwise along its edges. These
two poles thus projected in front and back
of the platform fifteen feet each way. Run-
ning under them crosswise at intervals were
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

879

other, shorter bamboo lengths which pro-
jected out the sides a few feet to form han-
dles. There were ten of them on a side at
intervals of four feet.

  I found it difficult to realize the difference
between night and day, since here on Mer-
cury the light never changed. I longed now
for that darkness of our own earth which
would make it so much easier for us to
conceal our movements. Miela relieved my
mind on that score, however, by explaining
that at nearly the same hour almost every
one in the city fell asleep. The physical
desire for sleep was, I learned, much strong-
er with the Mercutians than with us; and
only by the drinking of a certain medicinal
beverage could they ward it off.

  It was after the evening meal, at a time
which might have corresponded to an hour
or so before midnight, that the selected
eighteen girls began to arrive. Miela
brought them into the living room with us
until they were all together.

  It was a curious gathering—this bevy of
Mercutian maidens. They all seemed be-
tween the ages of sixteen and twenty-three
—fragile, dainty little wisps of femininity,
yet having a strength in their highly devel-
oped wing muscles that was truly surpris-
ing.

  They were dressed in the characteristic
costume I have described, with only a slight
divergence of color or ornamentation. They
were of only two types—jet black tresses,
black eyes, and red-feathered wings like
Miela; or the less vivid, more ethereal Ani-
na—blue-eyed, golden-haired, with wing
feathers of light blue.

  When they had all arrived we went into
the garden behind the house. In a moment
more Mercer and I were seated side by side
on the little bamboo platform. Miela and
Anina took the center positions so that they
would be near us. The other girls ranged
themselves along the sides, each grasping
one of the handles.

  In another moment wre were in the air.
My first sensation was one of a sudden
rushing forward and upward. The frail lit-
tle craft swayed under me alarmingly, but
I soon grew used to that. The flapping of
those many pairs of huge wings so close
Was very loud; the wind of our swift for-

ward flight whistled past my ears. Look-
ing down over the side of the platform, be-
tween the bodies of two of the girls, I could
see the city silently dropping away beneath
us. Above there was nothing but the same
dead gray sky, black in front, with occa-
sional vivid lightning flashes and the rumble
of distant thunder.

  Underneath the storm cloud, far ahead,
the jagged tops of a range of mountains
projected above the horizon. As I watched
they seemed slowly creeping up and forward
as the horizon rolled back to meet them.

  For half an hour or so we sped onward
through the air. We were over the moun-
tains now. Great jagged, naked peaks of
shining metal towered above us, with that
broken, utterly desolate country beneath.
We swept continually upward, for the
mountains rose steadily in broad serrated
ranks before us.

  Occasionally we would speed up a nar-
row defile, with the broken, tumbling cliffs
rising abruptly over our heads, only to come
out above a level plateau or across a canon
a thousand feet deep or more.

  The storm broke upon us. We entered a
cloud that wrapped us in its wet mist and
hid the mountains from our sight. The
darkness of twilight settled down, lighted
by flashes of lightning darting almost over
our heads. The sharp cracks of thunder so
close threatened to split my eardrums.

  The wind increased in violence. The lit-
tle platform trembled and swayed. I could
see the girls struggling to hold it firm. At
times we would drop abruptly straight down
a hundred or two hundred feet, with a great
fluttering of wings; but all the time I knew
we werp rising sharply.

  Mercer and I clung tightly to the plat-
form. We did not speak, and I think both
of us were frightened. Certainly we were
awed by the experience. After a time—I
have no idea how long—we passed through
the storm and came again into tlie open air
with the same gray sky above us.

  We were several thousand feet up now,
flying over what seemed to be a tumbling
mass of small volcanic craters. In front of
us rose a sheer cliff wall, extending to the
right and left to the horizon. We passed
over its rim, and I saw that it curved slight-
880

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ly inward, forming the circumference of a
huge circle.

  The inner floor was hardly more than a
thousand feet down, and seemed fairly level.
We continued on, arriving finally over the
mouth of a little circular pit. This formed
an inner valley, half a mile across and with
sheer side walls some five hundred feet high.
As we swung down into it I noticed above
the horizon behind us a number of tiny
black dots in the sky—other girls flying out
from the city to our meeting.

  I have never beheld so wild, -so complete-
ly desolate a scene. The ground here was
that same shining mass of virgin metal, tum-
bled about and broken up in hopeless con-
fusion.

  Great rugged bowlders lay strewn about;
tiny caverns yawned; fissures opened up
their unknown depths; sharp-pointed crags
reared their heads like spires left standing
amid the ruins of some huge cathedral.
There was, indeed, hardly a level spot of
ground in sight.

  I wondered with vague alarm where we
should land, for nowhere could I see suf-
ficient space, even for our small platform.
We were following closely the line of cliff
wall when suddenly we swooped sharply
downward and to the right with incredible
speed. My heart leaped when, for an in-
stant, I thought something had gone wrong.
Then the forward end of the platform tilted
abruptly upward; there was a sudden, mo-
mentary fluttering of wings, a scrambling as
the girls’ feet touched the ground, and we
settled back and came to rest with hardly
more than a slight jar.

  Miela stood up, rubbing her arms, which
must have ached from her efforts.

  “ We are here, Alan—safely, as we
planned.”

  We had landed on a little rocky niche
that seemed to be in front of the opening
of a small cave mouth in the precipitous
cliffside. I stood up unsteadily, for I was
cramped and stiff, and the solid earth
seemed swaying beneath me. I was stand-
ing on what was hardly more that a narrow
shelf, not over fifteen feet wide and some
thirty feet above the base of the cliff.

  Mercer was beside me, looking about him
with obvious awe.

  “ What a place! ” he ejaculated.

  We stepped cautiously to the brink of the
ledge and peered over. Underneath us, with
the vertical wall of the cliff running directly
down into it, spread a small pool of some
heavy' viscous fluid, inky black, and with
iridescent colors floating upon its surface.
It bubbled and boiled lazily, and we could
feel its heat on our faces plainly.

  Beyond the pool, not more than a hun-
dred yards across, lay a mass of ragged
bowlders piled together in inextricable con-
fusion; beyond these a chasm with steam
rising from it, whose bottom I could not
see—a crack as though the ground had sud-
denly cooled and split apart. Across the
entire surface of this little cliff-bound circu-
lar valley it was the same, as though here
a tortured nature had undergone some ter-
rible agony in the birth of this world.

  The scene, which indeed had something
infernal about it, would have been extraor-
dinary enough by itself; but what made
it even more so was the fact that several
hundred girls were perched among these
crags, sitting idle, or standing up and flap-
ping their wings like giant birds, and more
were momentarily swooping in from above.
I had, for an instant, the feeling that I
was Dante, surveying the lower regions, and
that here was a host of angels from heaven
invading them.

  During the next hour fully a thousand
girls arrived. There were perhaps fifteen
hundred altogether, and only a few strag-
glers were hastily flying in when we decided
to wait no longer.

  Miela flew out around the little valley,
calling them to come closer. They came
flying toward us and crowded upon the
nearer crags just beyond the pool, clutch-
ing the precipitous sides, and scrambling
for a foothold wherever they could. A
hundred or more found place on the ledge
with us, or above or below it wherever a
slight footing could be found on the wall of
the cliff.

  When they were all settled, and the
scrambling and flapping of wings had
ceased, Miela stood up and addressed them.
A solemn, almost sinister hush lay over the
valley, and her voice carried far. She spoke
hardly above the ordinary tone, earnestly,

                          5	A
I

THE FIRE PEOPLE.

881

    and occasionally with considerable empha-
    sis, as though to drive home some important
    point.

      For nearly half an hour she spoke with-
    out a break, then she called me to her
    side and put one of her wings caressingly
    about my shoulders. I did not know what
    she said, but a great wave of handclapping
    and flapping of wings answered her. She
    turned to me with glowing face.

      “ I have told them about your wonderful
    earth, and Tao’s evil plans; and just now
    I said that you were my husband—and I,
    a wife, can still fly as well as they. That
    is a very wonderful thing, Alan. No wom-
    an ever, in this world, has been so blessed
    as I. They realize that—and they respect
    me and love you for it.”

     She did not wait for me to speak, but
   again addressed the assembled girls. When
   she paused a chorus of shouts answered
   her. Many of the girls in their enthusiasm
   lost their uncertain footholds and fluttered
   about, seeking others. For a moment there
   was confusion.

      “ I have told them briefly what we are
   to do,” Miela explained. “ First, to rid the
   Great City of Tao’s men, sending them back
   to the Twilight Country; and do this in all
   our other cities where they are making
   trouble. Then, when our nation is free
   from this danger, we will plan how to deal
   with Tao direct, for he must not again go to
   your earth.

      “ And when all that is done I have said
    you will do your best to make our men
    believe as you do, so that never again will
    our women marry only to lose all that
    makes their virginity so glorious.”

           CHAPTER XVI.

I

              THE FIRE PLANET.

   1 THINK I should explain now a little
   about the physical conformation of
   Mercury—the “ lay of the land,” so to
   speak—in order that the events I am about
   to describe may be more readily under-
   stood. It has already been made clear by
   : Bob Trevor, I believe, that Mercury re-
   volves on its axis only once during the time
   of its revolution around the sun. Thus,

       6	A

      W:- ’

just as a similar condition always makes our
moon present very nearly the same face to
us, so Mercury presents always the same
portion of its surface to the sun.

  It will be understood, therefore, that,
theoretically, there must be on Mercury
but one spot where the sun always is di-
rectly overhead. It could not be seen,
however, owing to the dense clouds. This
spot approximates the center of the region
known as the Fire Country.

  So far as I could learn, it was here that
human life on the planet began. Certainly
it was the first region where civilization
reached any height. When Columbus was
discovering America great cities flourished
in the Fire Country—cities of untold wealth
and beauty, now fallen into ruins like the
great cities of our own Aztec and Inca civi-
lizations.

  The Fire Country was then like the
equatorial regions of earth—a dense, tropic
jungle, hotter than most temperatures we
have to bear, but still, by reason of its thick
enveloping atmosphere of. clouds, capable
of supporting life in comparative comfort.

Its inhabitants were dark-skinned, but
rather more like our Indians than Negroid
races.

  Then, several centuries ago—the exact
time is uncertain, for no written records are u
kept on Mercury—came the Great Storms.

Their cause was unknown—some wide-
spread atmospheric disturbance. These
storms temporarily parted the clouds in
many places, allowing the direct rays of
the sun to fall upon the planet’s surface.

The resulting temperature destroyed all
life, withered all vegetation, with its scorch-
ing blast. The inhabitants of the Fire
Country were killed by hundreds of thou-
sands, their cities deserted, their land laid
a desert waste.

  These storms, which it appears began
suddenly, have returned periodically ever
since, making the region practically unin-
habitable. Its surviving races, pushed out-
ward toward the more temperate zone, were
living, at this time I am describing, in a
much lower state of civilization than the
people of the Light Country—a civiliza-
tion of comparative savagery. In the Light
Country they were held as slaves.
882

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  This region—thus very aptly known as
the Fire Country—embraces a circular area
directly underneath the sun. So far as I
could learn, it extended outward roughly to
those points where—if it had been visible—
the sun would have appeared some halfway
between zenith and horizon.

  Lying outside the circle, in a larger, con-
centric ring, is the zone known as the Light
Country. Entirely free from the equatorial
storms, no direct rays of sunlight have ever
penetrated its protecting cloud blanket.
Here exists the highest state of civilization
on the planet.

  Beyond the Light Country, in another
concentric ring, lies the Twilight Country.
It forms a belt about the planet, beginning
roughly at those points at which the sun
would appear only a short distance above
the horizon, and extending back to where
the sun would be below the horizon. In
this region, as its name implies, there is
never more than twilight. It is lightest at
the borders of the Light Country, and fades
into night at its other side.

  Still farther, beyond the twilight zone,
lies the region of perpetual night and cold
—the Dark Country. This area embraces
the rest of the planet, comprising something
less than half of its entire surface. Here
is eternal night—a night of Stygian dark-
ness, unlighted even by the stars, since the
same atmosphere makes them invisible.

  The Dark Country, so far as it has been
explored—which is very little—is a rocky
waste and a sea of solid ice that never
melts. Near the borders of the Twilight
Country a few people like our Eskimos ex-
ist—savages with huge white faces, and
great, staring eyes. There are a few fur-
bearing animals and birds, but except for
this fringe of life the Dark Country is
thought to be uninhabited, its terrible cold
making life in any form impossible.

  So much, in general, for the main geo-
graphical features of Mercury. The Great
City stands about halfway between the bor-
ders of the Fire Country and the edge of
the twilight zone. This level marshland,
the barren, metallic mountains, and a sort
of semitropic jungle, partly inundated by
water, comprise nearly all the area of the
Light Country.

  From the Great City, through the watery
jungle, extends a system of little winding
bayous—a perfect maze of them, with hun-
dreds of intercommunicating branches—
which it would be almost impossible to
traverse without losing all sense of direc-
tion.

  Beyond these bayous, into which their
sluggish currents flow, lies the Narrow Sea.
On its farther shore begins the Twilight
Country, much of it a barren, semifrigid
waste, with a little level, tillable land, vast
rocky mountain ranges, and a few forests.

  In spite of its inhospitable character the
Twilight Country is fairly densely popu-
lated; and, I realized when I got into it,
civilized life is exceedingly difficult to main-
tain there. I understood then why th^
Twilight People were so envious of land
in the Light Country; and, in truth, I could
not blame them for that, or for looking
toward our earth with longing.

  But just as the Light Country People
had defended their borders with implacable
determination, so was I determined that
they should not invade my world, either.
And I was ready to stake my life and even
the lives of those I loved here on Mercury
in the attempt to prevent them.

CHAPTER XVII.

THE FIGHT AT THE BAYOU.

MIELA proceeded to explain our plan
in detail to these fifteen hundred
enthusiastic allies. It was my idea
to build several platforms similar to this
one on which Mercer and I had been car-
ried up here into the mountains, only some-
what larger. We then proposed to seize
these emissaries of Tao—there were not
more than eight or ten of. them altogether
in the Great City—capturing them at night,
without alarm, if possible, and transporting
them summarily into the Twilight Country.
My theory was that if they were to dis-
appear thus mysteriously the people of the
Great City would have no particular cause
to make trouble afterward, and we hoped
that the affair would soon be forgotten.

  Miela thought it practical for us to carry
them in this way across the Narrow Sea.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

883

The Lone City, from which Tao was oper-
ating, was located near the edge of the
sea, and if we gave them food they would
be enabled to reach it in safety in a day or
two. The girls agreed enthusiastically with
this plan, and we selected a number to carry
it out.

  Meanwhile we planned also to organize a
system of aerial patrols, and detailed some
two hundred of the girls, who in varying
shifts were to fly back and forth along the
borders of the sea over its Light Country
shore, to make sure that Tao did not at-
tempt to make a crossing by water.

  “ Can’t they fly over as well as we can?”
Mercer objected. “ Their women fly, too,
don’t they?”

  The women of the Twilight Country did
fly, but for two reasons we did not fear
an attack from them in the air. First,
Miela doubted that the women would con-
cern themselves in the affair; they were stu-
pid and apathetic—fit only for child-
bearing. The men might, of course, force
them to the attempt, but even in that event,
Miela explained, it would result in little;
for generations of comparative inactivity
and the colder climate had made them in-
clined to stoutness. Their wing muscles
were weak and flabby, and with their
greater weight of body they flew very
badly.

  “ Suppose Tao should come over?” I sug-
gested to Miela. “ I don’t believe he will
—but if he should, how could we stop
him?”

  “ By water he would come,” she an-
swered. “ In boats—small they are, I think,
those he has. We could not stop him, for
the light-ray he would bring. But our wom-
en, flying over the ocean, would see him
coming, and tell our king. More we could
not do now.”

  “You mean this patrol would give the
government the warning it won’t obtain for
itself? There would be war then? The
people would arm to resist invasion?”

  Miela smiled sadly.

  “ There would be war, Alan. But our
government—our people—do not look for
it. They are like the peeta bird, that hides
its head under its wing when it is threat-
ened.”

  The time of sleep was now nearly over,
and wre thought it best that the girls should
fly back at once, so that their arrival at the
city would cause as little comment as pos-
sible.

  Mercer and I seated ourselves on the
platform as before; the twenty girls grasped
its handles, raising it until they were all
upon their feet; then, at a signal, we left
the ground. The trip back seemed shorter
than coming up. The girls all left the val-
ley together, flying up helter-skelter, and
circling about us as we flew steadily on-
ward.

  Near the Great City the girls spread out,
so as to approach it from different direc-:
tions and thus attract less attention, al-
though the time of sleep was not yet over
and we knew that few would be stirring
about the city.

  When we reached home we greeted Lua,
and dismissed the girls, arranging that they
were to come back again that evening—■
fifty of them this time—to carry the
larger platform we were to build. We then
had breakfast, and after telling Lua the
result of the meeting—at which she was
greatly pleased—we went immediately to
bed, for we were worn out.

  It was about noon, I suppose, when we
awoke. Mercer and I spent the afternoon
building the platform on which to carry
Tao’s men—a framework with fifty han-
dles instead of twenty. Miela and Anina
disappeared for the whole afternoon. I did
not know what they were doing at the time;
later I found out Anina was devoting it to
learning English.

  During the evening meal we planned it
all. Tao’s men were living in a house near
the edge of the city—the house Tao had
occupied before he was banished to the
Twilight Country. It had no other occu-
pants at this time.

  We had learned where they kept their
boats in one of the bayous near by, and
in it we intended to take them to the sea,
where we would meet the girls, who would
then fly with them to the Twilight Coun-
try. But we could not figure out how to
capture them without alarming the city.:
We were sure they were unarmed; they
had been carefully searched by the author-!
884

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ities when they entered the country. But
they were ten to our two.

  Mercer voiced the problem most emphat-
ically.

  “ Ten men in a house,” he declared.
“ Maybe we can catch them all asleep. But
even if they are,- how are we going to get
them out? There’d be a row, and we don’t
want any noise. Besides, there’s always
this confounded daylight here. If we tied
them up somebody might see us when we
got outside. How do we get them out of
that house without any rumpus, and down
to that boat? That’s what I don’t see.”

  “ I—do—that,” said Anina suddenly.
She had spoken in English, and we looked
at her in amazement. She lisped the words
in her soft, sweet voice, haltingly, like a
little child. Then she turned to Miela and
poured out a torrent of her native language.
Mercer stared at her in undisguised admira-
tion.

  As Miela explained it, Anina proposed
that she go into Tao’s house alone, and
decoy his men down to the boat where we
could capture them.

  “ But how will she get them there?” I
exclaimed. “ What will she tell them?”

  “ She says she can make them think she
is one of those few of our women who
sympathize with their cause,” Miela ex-
plained. “ And she will say that the earth-
man who escaped from them she has seen
lurking about their boat; perhaps he plans
to steal it. She will go there with them,
and they can recapture him.”

  “ They might not all go,” said Mercer.
“ We want to get them all.”

  “ It is Anina’s thought that they will all
go, for they fear this earth-man much—
and all would go to make sure of him.”

  I could not feel it was right for us to
let Anina do so daring a thing, and Mercer
agreed with me heartily. But Anina insist-
ed, with a fire in her eyes and flushed cheeks
'that contrasted strangely with her usually
gentle demeanor.

  In the end Mercer and I gave in, for
w7e could think of no better plan, and
Miela was confident Anina would not be
harmed.

  It was about what would correspond with
ten o’clock in the evening on earth when

the girls began to arrive. We waited until
all fifty of them had come in. Miela
named a place on the shore of the sea
known to them all. They were to take the
platform—starting in about two hours,
when the city would be quiet—and there
they would wait for us to join them in the
boat.

  We four started out together, but soon
Anina left us to make her way to Tao’s
house alone. Mercer, Miela and I then
hurried as fast as we could through the
city down to the marshlands, and to the
secluded, spot on the bayou’s bank where
the boat was lying.

  The bayou here was about a hundred
feet wide, a winding, brackish stream, lined
on both sides with trees whose roots were
in the water and whose branches at times
nearly met overhead. Its banks were a
tangled mass of tree roots, huge ferns, pal-
mettos and some tall upstanding kind of
water grass. Half submerged logs jutted
out into the sluggish current, making it in
places seem almost impassable.

  A narrow metal boat—a very long and
very narrow motor boat with a thatched
shelter like a small cabin over part of its
length—lay fastened to a tree near at hand.
I noticed at once some mechanism over its
stern.

  We had come up quietly to make sure no
one was about. Now we hid ourselves close
to the boat and waited with apprehension
in our hearts for the arrival of Anina with
Tao’s men.

  Half an hour, perhaps, went by. The
silence in this secluded spot hung heavy
about us. A fish broke the glassy surface
of the water; a lizard scurried along the
ground; a bird flitted past. Then, setting
our hearts pounding, came the soft snap-
ping of underbrush that we knew was the
cautious tread of some one approaching. I
was half reclining under a fallen tree, with
a clump of palmettos about me. I parted
their fronds carefully before my face. A
few yards away a man was standing mo-
tionless, staring past me and apparently
listening intently.

  He moved forward after a moment. I
feared he was coming almost upon us, but
he turned aside, bending low down as he
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

885

crept slowly forward. Sounds in the under-
brush reached me now from other direc-
tions, and I knew that the men had spread
apart and were stalking the boat, expecting
Mercer to be in or near it.

  Had they all come down here? I won-
dered. And where was Anina? I looked
down at Miela warningly as I felt her move
slightly.

  “ We’ll wait till they’re all near the boat,”
I whispered to Mercer.

  I saw Anina a moment later soaring over
the bayou just above the treetops. I sighed
with relief, for it was a signal to us that
everything was all right. We continued to
wait until the men had all come into view.
They went at the boat with a sudden rush.
Several of them climbed into it, with shouts
to the others.

  With a significant glance to Mercer I
leaped suddenly to my feet. I was perhaps
twenty feet from the boat, and the space
between us was fairly clear. A single
bound landed me beside it, almost among
four of the men who were standing there
in a group. Before they had time to face
me I was upon them.

  I scattered them like nine-pins, and two
of them went down under my blows. The
other two flung themselves upon me. I
stumbled over some inequality of the
ground, and we all three fell prone. This
was the first time I had come actually to
hand grips with any of the Mercutians.

  I felt now not only their lack of strength,
but a curious frailness about their bodies—
a seeming absence of solidity that their
stocky appearance belied. These two men
w'ere like half-grown boys in my hands. I
was back on my feet in a moment, leaving
one of them lying motionless. The other
rose to his knees, his face white with pain
and terror.

  I left him there and looked about me.
Miela was fluttering around near by, as I
had instructed her—just off the ground and
with the whole scene under her eyes. It
was she on whom I depended for warning
should any of the quarry attempt to es-
cape us.

  At the edge of the water another man
was lying, whom I assumed Mercer had
felled. There was a great commotion from

the boat. I ran toward it. A man was
standing beside it—an old man with snow-
white hair. He stood still, seeming con-
fused and in doubt what to do. As I
neared him he turned clumsily to avoid
me. I passed him by and bounded over
the boat’s gunwale, landing in its bottom.
The first thing I saw was Mercer struggling
to his feet with four of the Mercutians
hanging on him. One had a grip on his
throat from behind; another clutched him
about the knees.

  The two others let go of him when they
heard me land in the boat. One had evi-
dently had enough, for he dived overboard.
The other waited warily for my onslaught.
As I got within reach I hit at his face,
but my blow went wild. He hit me full in
the chest, but it was the blow of a child.

  At that instant I heard Mercer give a
choking cry, and out of the corner of my
eye saw him go down again. I could waste
no more time upon this single antagonist.
The man had his hands at my throat now.
I seized him about the waist and carried
him to the gunwale. He clung to me as a
rat might cling to a terrier, but I shook him
off and dumped him in the water.

  I turned to Mercer just as he was strug-
gling to his feet again, and in a moment
more between us we had felled his two as-
sailants. Mercer’s face was very white, and
I saw blood streaming from a wound on his
head; but he grinned as he faced me.

  “ Have we—got ’em—all?” he gasped.
He dashed the blood away from his eyes
with the flat of his hand. “ I fell—damn
it—right at the start, and hit my head.
Where are they all? Have we got ’em?”
Miela alighted in the boat beside us.

  “ Two are running,” she said. “ They
are together. Hasten.”*

  We jumped out of the boat. Miela flew
up, and we followed her guidance through
the dense woods. We could make much
better speed, I knew, than the Mercutians.
“ We’ll get them all, Ollie,” I shouted at
Mercer. “ They’re not far ahead. See up
there—Miela’s evidently over them now.”
We came up to them after a few hundred
yards. It was the old man, and one of
those whom I had first encountered. They
did not wait for us to attack them, but
886

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

stopped stock still, flinging their arms wide
in token of surrender.

  Miela came down among us, and we
went back to where we had lain hidden in
the palmettos. There we had left a num-
ber of short lengths of rope. While we
were tying the arms of these two prisoners
behind them and fettering their ankles so
they could not run Anina joined us.

  “ Two—in water,” she cried; and then
added something to Miela.

  “ Two were in the water. Now they are
in the woods, running. Anina will show
you.”

  Miela stood guard in the boat over our
first two prisoners, while Mercer and I
rounded up the others. It was half an
hour or more before we had them all trussed
up, but none of the ten escaped. We were
a long time reviving two of those we had
injured, but finally we had them all lying or
sitting in the boat.

  Mercer’s head had stopped bleeding. He
washed it, and I found his injury no more
than an ugly scalp wound.

  “ I fell and cut it on something,” he
explained lugubriously. “ Couldn’t see for
the blood in'my eyes. But we got ’em,
didn’t we?”

  Under Miela’s direction Mercer and I
shoved the boat out into the stream. I
need not go into details regarding the pro-
pelling mechanism of this craft. Miela ex-
plained it hastily to me as we got under
way. It used a form of the light-ray from
a sort of strange battery. The intense heat
of the ray generated a great pressure of
superheated steam in a thick metal cylinder
underneath the keel.

  This steam escaped through a nozzle un-
der water at the stern of the boat, and its
thrust against the water propelled the boat
forward. The boat was constructed to draw
very little water, and when going fast its
bow planed upward until only the stern
of the hull touched the surface. It was
steered by a rudder not much different from
some of those types we are familiar with
on earth. When we got out into open water
I found the boat was capable of great speed.
This I attributed not so much to the effi-
cacy of its propelling force as to the light-
ness of the boat itself. It was built of

some metal that I may perhaps compare
with aluminium, only this was far stronger
and lighter. The boat was, in fact, a mere
shell, extraordinarily buoyant.

  Miela sat in the stern, steering and op-
erating the mechanism. I sat with her.
Mercer was farther forward, beside Anina,
talking to her earnestly. Our prisoners lay
huddled in various attitudes—frightened, all
of them, and obviously in no condition to
give us further trouble. They were, I saw
now, not ruffians by any means, but rather
men of superior intelligence, selected by
Tao evidently as those best fitted for
spreading his propaganda among the people
of the Great City.

  We made slow progress down the bayou.
Some of its turns were so sharp and so
overhung with trees, and obstructed by fall-
en logs, we could hardly get through. Dur-
ing the latter part of the trip the bayou
broadened rapidly, dividing into many
channels like a delta.

  We came out into the open sea finally—
a broad, empty expanse, -with a mirrorlike
surface. The curvature of the planet was
even more apparent now; it seemed almost
as though the water should be sliding back
downhill over the horizon.

  We turned to the left as we came out of
the delta, and for the first time Miela put
the boat to the limit of its speed. The
best comparison I can make, I think, to
this rapid, noiseless, smooth progress, is
that of sailing on an iceboat.

  We sped along some five or ten miles,
keeping close inland. I saw some of the
small thatched shacks along here, though
not many. .For a while the shore re-
mained that same palm-lined, half-inun-
dated marshland. Then gradually it began
to change, and we came upon a broad beach
of white sand.

  We landed here, and found the girls with
the platform waiting for us. Miela took
Anina and one or two of the older girls
aside, and gave them last instructions.

  “ What do I do—just dump them on the
other shore?” Mercer asked me.

  “ That’s about it. I don’t know the lay
of the land over there. Anina does. You
do what she tells you.”

  “ You bet I will,” he agreed enthusias-
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

887

tically. “Some kid—that little girl.. We
get along fine. She understands everything
I say to her already. I’ll have her talking
English like a streak by the time you see
her again.”

  We had removed the cords from our pris-
oners’ ankles. I motioned them to get out
of the boat. We crowded Tao’s men on the
platform. They were surprised, and some
of them alarmed, when they saw how we
proposed to transport them over the water.
Miela silenced their protests, and soon we
had them all seated on the platform, with
Mercer at the rear end facing them.

  The fifty girls grasped the platform han-
dles. Another moment and they were in the
air, with Mercer waving good-by to us
vigorously.

  Miela and I, left alone, watched them
silently as they dwindled to a speck in the
haze of the sky.

  We were about to start back when we
saw a girl coming toward us, flying low
over the water. One of those we had di-
rected to patrol the coast, Miela said when
she came closer. She saw us, and came
down on the beach.

  The two girls spoke together hurriedly.

  “Tao’s men in the Water City have
caused great disturbance, Alan,” Miela said
to me.

  “ Where’s th2 Water City?”

 “ Near the Great City—across the
marshlands. Wre must get back. And when
Anina and our friend Ollie have returned
we must go to the Water City. It is very
bad there, she said.”

  Our trip back to the Great City was
without unusual incident. We followed
the main route at the best speed we could
make.

  “ We shall tell our king, of course, about
this disturbance,”- said Miela. “ Perhaps
he will think there is something he can do.
But I fear greatly that unless he appeals
directly to the people, and they arc with
him—”

  “ He’s an old man,” I said, “ and all his
councilors are old. They’re not fit to rule
at such a time as this. Suppose he were
to die—what would happen? Who would
be king then?”

  “ A little prince there is—a mere child.

And there is our queen—a younger woman,
only married to our king these few years.
His first queen died.”

  I questioned Miela concerning her gov-
ernment. It was, I soon learned, an au-
tocracy in theory. But of later years the
king’s advanced age, and his equally old
councilors whom he refused to change, had
resulted in a vacillating policy of adminis-
tration, which now, I could see plainly, left
the government little or no real power.

  Only by constantly pandering to the
wishes of the people could the king hold his
throne. The supreme command was held
by the king and his aged councilors. At
stated intervals the more prominent men of
each city met and enacted laws. The cities
were each ruled by a governor in similar
fashion, paying tribute to the central gov-
ernment somewhat after our old feudal sys-
tem; but for practical purposes they acted
as separate nations. They were united
merely by the bonds of their common need
of defense against the Twilight People, and
of intermarriage, which was frequent, since
the virgins, flying about, often found mates
in cities other than their own.

  There were courts in each citj'’, not much
more than rude tribunals, and jails in which
the offenders were held. The police I have
already mentioned. They, like the king’s
guards, were inclined in an emergency to
do, not so much what they were ordered,
as what they thought the people wished.

  It was all very extraordinary, but like
many another makeshift government it
served, after a fashion.

  Hiding the boat in another bayou, we
took our way home on foot. That is to
say, I ran, and Miela followed me, alter-
nately flying and walking. We made our
best speed this way, and very soon were
back at home in the Great City.

  We crossed the garden and entered the
front door, expecting to find Lua in the
living room, but she was not there. The
house was quiet.

  “ She would wait up, she told me,” Miela
said, and, raising her voice, called her
mother’s name.

  There was no answer, although now I
remember I thought I heard a footfall up-
stairs.
888

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  We went up to Lua’s room hurriedly. It
was empty, and our loud cries of anxiety
throughout the house evoked no response.
We entered our own bedroom, and before
I could make a move to defend myself I
was seized tightly by both elbows from
behind.

  At the same instant an arm hooked
around my neck under my chin and jerked
my head backward, and another pair of
arms clutched me around the knees. I
struggled vainly to free myself, shouting to
Miela to run.

  But there were too many holding me. A
moment more and my arms were tied be-
hind me and a rope was about my legs. I
was pushed into a chair, and as I sat down
I saw Miela standing quietly near by, with
two Mercutians holding her by the arms and
shoulders.

  The man who had pushed me to the seat
bent down and struck me across the cheek
with the flat of his hand. His grinning,
malevolent face was only a few inches from
mine. I saw that it was Baar!

CHAPTER XVIII.

REVOLUTION.

THERE seemed to be five of our cap-
tors, all of them as evil-looking men
as I think I have ever seen. They
rummaged about the room, evidently in
search for weapons they thought I might
have secreted. Then they ordered me to
stand up, and without more ado led Miela
and me from the house.

  This was once when I was glad of the
interminable daylight. I hoped we might
find some early risers about the streets, for
I thought certainly the time of sleep must
now be nearly over. But no one was in
sight as we left the garden. We turned
the first corner and headed toward the base
of the mountain.

  “To Baar’s house they are taking us, I
think. It is on the marshland below.”
Miela spoke without fear of our captors
understanding the English words. We took
advantage of this until after a moment we
were roughly ordered to be quiet.

  Lua, we thought, must have been taken

away before we arrived; we would find her
at Baar’s house when we arrived there. We
had come down to the level marshlands
now, the outskirts of the city, and were
passing along a path between occasional
shacks. Before us, standing alone in a rice
paddy, I saw a larger, more pretentious
house—a wooden structure on stilts, with
a thatched roof, which Miela said was
where Baar lived.

  We went in single file up its board in-
cline, and entered a squalid room with mat-
ting on the floor, a rude charcoal brazier
at one side, and the remains of a previous
meal lying on a table.

  Two women were in the room as we
entered. I took these to be Baar’s wife and
a servant. Two naked little children lay
on the floor, one of them crying lustily.

  Baar glanced around as he came in, and
with what I took to be an oath ordered
the children removed from the room. The
slave woman—I could see she was a slave
by the band upon her arm—picked them
up. Evidently she did not move fast enough
to suit Baar’s temper, for as she straight-
ened up the man cuffed her upon the head.
She stumbled to one side against Baar’s
wife, who was standing there, and the other
woman, with a sharp imprecation, struck
her full in the breast.

  Neither of them saw the look she gave
as she shuffled away, carrying the infants;
but I did. It was a look of the most in-
tense hatred, born and nourished, I realized,
by long ill-treatment.

  Miela and I were now bound securely
hand and foot, and Miela’s wings were
lashed to her body. Thus rendered entire-
ly helpless, we were laid together in a
corner.

  From the talk that followed Miela gath-
ered that Baar and his men were expecting
the arrival of others. He roughly ordered
his wife—a woman of the Twilight Coun-
try, obviously—to clear away the remains
of their last meal and bring other food. She
obeyed submissively.

  This, the first of the Twilight Country
People I had seen, was a thick-set woman of
perhaps thirty-five, although she might have
been older, for her black hair, which fell
in an unkempt mass to her waist, was be-
ginning to gray. She wore a single gar-
ment, a pair of silken trousers, drab with
tlirt. Her clipped wings were covered in the
usual way.

  I could see now why Miela had said
these Twilight women could not fly, for
this woman’s torso was fat and flabby. Her
skin was curiously pale—a dead, unpleasant
white. Her face was broad, heavy and un-
intelligent. Her eyes were large and pro-
truded slightly.

  Baar and his men ate breakfast, paying
no further attention to Miela and me. Sud-
denly Miela spoke in a frightened whisper.
“ They are going now in a moment to the
castle. The king they will kill!”

  It was evidently a widespread plot we
now overheard. Baar’s followers had for
some time been talking quietly with the
lower classes, and, finding they could count
on their support, planned now to murder
the king. Then with the queen and the
little prince held as hostages, they expected
that the men of science, threatened also
with a revolt of the peons, would release the
light-ray.

  The light-ray once in his control, Baar
could make himself king. It seemed an ab-
surd hope, but such was the plan they were
now discussing. And what was far worse,
I could see no way by which I could prevent
the attempt.

  “ They are going to the castle—now—to
murder the king?” I whispered, incredu-
lous.

  “ Yes,” Miela answered. “ So they plan.
Now—in a moment—before the time of
sleep is over.”

  “ Isn’t he guarded? Can they get in the
castle without arousing others?”

  “ There are the guards—a few. But Baar
has promised them great wealth, and they
will stand aside and let him pass. So it is
arranged.”

  The arrival of several other men inter-
rupted our whispered conversation. Baar,
his meal over, consulted with them hurried-
ly. He then instructed his wife to watch
us, and after a moment they all left the
house.

  The woman, who was now the only oc-
cupant of the room with us, shuffled about,
clearing away the meal. I tried desper-

889

ately to work my hands loose; I even tried
with my teeth to gnaw Miela’s bonds, but
without success. Every moment counted,
if we were to do anything to save the king.
I wondered again where Lua was—perhaps
in another part of the house here, bound as
we were.

  “ Miela,” I whispered, “ ask for food.
Tell her we have had nothing for many
hours. Perhaps she will loosen our bonds
a little to let us eat. We may be able to do
something then.”

  The woman answered Miela’s pleading
by setting us up side by side, with our backs
against the wall. She placed food before us,
and then, with a knife, cut the cords that
bound our arms.

  My heart leaped exultantly; but, instead
of leaving us and going on with her work,
she sat down just out of reach, holding the
knife in her hand and watching us nar-
rowly.

  “ We must eat, Miela,” I said, using as
casual a tone as I could and pointing to
the food smilingly. “ Eat, and pretend not
to notice her. Perhaps I can get to my
feet.”

  We ate the food she had given us. I
tensed the muscles of my legs, and believed
that, bound as I was, I might be able to
leap forward and reach the woman. It was
almost hopeless to attempt it, for I realized
she would meet my body with the dagger
point.

  We were still eating, and I was thinking
over this plan, when the slave woman ap-
peared silently in a doorway across the
room, behind the woman who faced us.
Something in her attitude made me look
away again casually and go on with my
eating.

  Miela had evidently not noticed her.

  The slave woman came slowly toward us.
A moment later she hurled herself upon
Baar’s wife from behind. At the same in-
stant I threw myself forward, falling prone,
but within reach of the seated woman. I
gripped her with my hands, fumbling to
catch her wrists, but before I could suc-
ceed she toppled forward and fell partly
over me.

  I heard Miela give a cry of fright. I
struggled free and raised myself up to a

THE FIRE PEOPLE.
890

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

half-sitting position. Baar’s wife lay be-
side me dead, with the slave woman’s knife
buried to the hilt in her back.

  Reaching over, I took the knife from the
dead woman’s fingers, and with it cut the
cords that bound my ankles. I sprang to
my feet. The slave had retreated and stood
shrinking against the side of the room, ter-
rified at what she had done. I paid no more
attention to her for the moment, but has-
tened to release Miela.

  We searched the house hurriedly, calling
to Lua; but she did not answer, nor could
we find her. When we returned the slave
woman was still standing where we had left
her, staring with horrified eyes at the body
of her mistress.

  “ Tell her what she did was right,” I said.
“ She may have saved the king. Tell her
to go to your house and wait for us.”

  The woman nodded eagerly when Miela
told her what to do, and fell on her knees
before us.

  “She says she will serve us always. She
has been very badly treated, Alan.”

  We sent the woman away, and with a
last hasty glance around hurriedly left the
house alone with its single dead occupant.
A large wooden mortar and pestle, used for
pounding rice, stood in the kitchen. I car-
ried the pestle away with me; it was nearly
five feet long and quite heavy—an excel-
lent weapon.

  We hastened up through the city—Miela
half walking, half flying, and I carrying this
bludgeon and running with twelve-foot
strides. But it was now hardly more than
three-quarters of an hour since we had
passed this way before, and there were still
few people about to see us. Baar and his
men had started some twenty minutes be-
fore us, I figured, and we must reach the
castle before them?"

  I made extraordinary progress over the
level country. But I could not run uphill
for long, and soon had to slow down to a
walk. Miela kept closer to me now. We
approached the castle grounds.

  “ Where will the guards be, Miela? We
must avoid them if we can. They might
try to stop us.”

  Miela did not know where they would
be; but under the circumstances, as Baar

had told his men, she believed the
guards would disappear from the vicinity.
This conjecture proved to be correct. The
guards, not wishing to be concerned in the
affair at all, had simply disappeared. We
saw nothing of Baar and his men on the
way up the mountain, although I had hoped
we might overtake them.

  As we passed hurriedly through the palm
gardens surrounding the castle I saw its
huge front doors were closed.

  “ Miela, we can’t get in that way. A
side entrance—or some other way—”

  “ I know,” she said. “ There is a smaller
door below, and others on the side.”

  We hastened on. Suddenly I gripped
Miela by the arm.

  “ What’s that—over there—see, beyond
the grove?”

  There seemed to be furtive figures lurking
among the palms.

  “ Those cannot be Baar’s men, Miela—
there are too many. What can it—”

  We had reached a little doorway under
the front terrace. There was no time to
investigate these advancing figures. Baar
and his men might already be inside the
castle.

  I slid through the doorway, every muscle
tense. Miela had brought the knife from
Baar’s shack, and with it clenched in her
hand was close beside me. I wanted to
make her stay outside, where she could fly
away if danger threatened, but she pleaded
to follow me, and I let her come. I needed
her, since I had no idea of the interior ar-
rangements of the building.

  We passed along a dim hallway and up
a narrow flight of stone steps. Not a sound
came to us; the interior of the castle was
silent as a tomb. At the top of the steps
we came almost directly into the inner patio
of the building. Across a bed of tall flow-
ers, nodding gently in a little morning
breeze that swept down from above, I saw
the head and shoulders of a man standing
in the center of the courtyard; the lower
part of his body was hidden by the flowers.
I tried to duck out of sight, but he had
seen me.

  He was not over forty feet away. I
stepped back, believing I could reach him
in a single leap; but Miela held me.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

891

  “ Not you, Alan. He would cry out.
The noise would bring others.” She raised
her knife, and her eyes blazed into mine.
“Never have I thought to kill a human.
But now I—a woman—must kill. Stand
quiet, Alan.”

  She flew swiftly up and poised over the
man. He had started toward us. Evi-
dently he was, so far, as anxious for si-
lence as we, for he made no sound. I saw
now he was one of those who had come
to Baar’s shack. His naked shoulders,* his
thick neck, and bullet head were all that
showed above the flower stems as he plowed
his way through them directly toward me;
but the hand he swung aloft to aid his
progress held a knife.

  He glanced up at Miela, poised in the
air above him, and saw the weapon in her
hand. At this new enemy he stopped, con-
fused.

  Miela swooped down at him, and he
struck at her with his knife; but she
avoided it with an incredibly swift turn,
and a second later had passed him and was
crossing the courtyard.

  Round and round she flew, her great
wings flapping audibly, a giant bird circling
its prey. The man turned continually to
face her. Several times she swooped toward
him, and as swiftly avoided his blow. From
every side she threatened. The man stood
now bewildered, striking wild in a frenzy,
as one strikes at a darting wasp. At last,
with an agonized cry, he turned and ran.
Instantly she dropped upon him; there
was a flash of her white arm; the man’s
body crumpled and lay still among the
flowers.

  Miela was back beside me. Her breast
was heaving; her eyes were full of tears;
she trembled.

  “ A terrible thing, Alan, my husband, for
a woman to do; but it had to be.”

  I pressed her hand with silent under-
standing.

  “ Come, Alan,” she said. “ They will
have heard his cry. The others—we must
meet them, too.”

  “ We must get to the king. I—”

  A vibrant scream rang out from the si-
lence of the house—a man’s voice, shrill
with agony—then suddenly stilled.

  “ Good God, Miela! The king—where
is he? Take me there.”

  She pulled me back through the door-
way. A man scurried past. I leaped at
him and struck him a glancing blow with
the heavy wooden pestle. He stumbled to
his knees. Without thought of giving
quarter, I hit him again before he could
rise. He sank back, senseless or dead.

  Miela was ahead of me, and I ran after
her along a hallway. The sound of scurry-
ing footsteps sounded from overhead; a
woman screamed.

  A broad, curving stairway fronted us. I
passed Miela halfway up, and, reaching the
top, ran full into another man who darted
from a doorway close by. The impact of
my heavier body flung him backward to
the floor. I leaped over him with a shout
of warning to Miela, and ran on into the
room.

  A man was standing stock still in its cen-
ter. It was Baar. He flung his knife at
me as I appeared, but it went wild. Two
other men were coming toward me from
opposite sides of the room. I swung the
bludgeon about me viciously, keeping them
away. Suddenly Baar shouted a command,
and before I could reach any one of them
they had scurried away like rats.

  A low bed with a huge canopy of silk
stood against the wall. A woman knelt on
the floor beside it, and against her knees
huddled a little half-grown boy.

  I heard Miela’s voice shouting in her own
language. The sound of men running came
from below. Then Miela’s half-hysterical
laughter, and then the words:

  “ They are running away, Alan—all of
them. I have been calling you to bring
me the light-ray. And they are running
away.”

  I turned to the bed, pushing its curtains
aside, and then hurriedly closing them again
with a shudder.

  Miela was beside me.

  “ The king is dead, Miela. No—you
must not look.”

  Her eyes widened; her hand went to her
breast.

  “ There is one who needs you.” I point-
ed to the woman on the floor

  She was staring at us, unseeing, one arm
892

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

flung about the child protectingly, holding
him partially under one of her long, sleek
red wings. The fingers of her other hand
clutched convulsively at the bed coverings;
she was moaning softly with a grief and
terror all the more intense because it was
restrained.

  “ There is one who needs you, Miela,”
I repeated. “ Comfort her—for we have
come too late.”

  The castle now was in thorough confu-
sion. Several waiting maids rushed into
the room, stared at their mistress and the
little prince, and, seeing what had hap-
pened, stood silently wringing their hands
in fright, or fled aimlessly through the halls.
One of the king’s councilors had come in,
stopping, bewildered, at the scene that met
him.

  “ Tell him what has occurred, Miela,” I
said.

  There came now faintly to my ears from
outside the castle sounds of a gathering
crowd—murmurs and vague muffled shouts.
The cries grew louder. A rain of missiles
struck the castle; a stone came through a
near-by window, falling almost at my feet.
All at once I remembered the lurking figures
we had seen among the palms in the gar^
den.

  “ Miela!” I cried. “ Hear that, outside!
A crowd is gathering. The men we saw—
out there! People whom Baar has—-
Miela, ask him, for God’s sake, to tell us
how we can get weapons. Where are the
other councilors? Send for them. We
must do something—now, at once. This
is revolution, Miela—don’t you under-
stand ? Revolution! ”

  I felt so impotent. Here in this crisis
I could talk to no one but Miela—could
issue no direct commands—could under-
stand the words of no one but her.

  Suddenly, from over our heads, a great,
solemn deep-throated bell began tolling.

  “ What is that? What does that mean?”

  A girl rushed into the room.

  “ It is the bell of danger,” said Miela
quickly. 11 The girls are ringing it to arouse
the city. Up here then will the people
hurry to find out what it is that threat-
ens.” -

  “ They’re outside now,” I retorted. “ Or-
der all the king’s councilors here at once.
Find out if any guards are about the place.
Send them here. Where is the head of the
city’s police? Send him here to me! Tell
him to call out all his men.”

  What was I saying? I had forgotten the
one vital thing!

  “ Miela! The light-ray! These men of
science who guard it, where are they? Send
for their leader. Get him here to me at
once—we must have the ray!”

  Miela stood very quietly beside me. Her
face was white; her eyes blazed, but she
seemed calm and unfrightened.

  “ He will come,” she said, “ and armed
with the ray. The bell will bring him.
Your other commands I will see are
obeyed.”

  The old councilor, who had been stand-
ing by, dazed, came slowly forward ,&t
Miela’s call. The king’s councilor! And
all the others were like him. The king was
dead, and here was the little prince hud-
dled in his mother’s arm! Realization had
been slow in coming, but now it broke upon
me like a great light.

  I flung the bludgeon away from me, and
stood erect.

  “ Miela,” I cried, “ tell him—tell them
all—their king is dead. It is I who com-
mand now. There is no one else—and I
have the power. Tell them that. It is I,
the man from earth, who commands!”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.

rr	t?	rr

Don’t fail to read the absorbing Novelette in next week’s issue

HER FATHER’S CONSENT

 By GEORGE BRONSON-HOWARD

 It will grip you from the very outset.
By STUART RIVERS

  SAM HILTON looked reproachfully	to see more of them, for they looked like the

  over the edge of the covers at his alarm	sort of eyes that could hold all manner of

  clock dancing and howling in a fit of	fun and laughter. Altogether she was very

  rage. With an air of patient suffering he	pretty. Sam reached this same conclusion

  reached out, shut it off and dropped wearily	just in time to insult her by yawning in

  back on the pillow. All at once he became	her face and stretching his arms over his

  charged with sudden life, and kicking the	head as he shivered in the chill morning

  covers over the foot of the bed, leaped out	wind.

  on the rug. He had just remembered that	“ I wonder,” he mused aloud as he shoved

  it had been almost seven hours since he had	his arms into the sleeves of his dressing

  last gazed upon Constance Gunning’s pic-	gown, “ if I shall see her to-day?”

 ture.	This prospect was so enticing that he hur-

Yawning and rubbing his fingers through	ried into the other room and set the coffee

  his rumpled hair, he stood before the dresser	pot on the electric stove, then he disap-'

  gazing sleepily into the eyes of a girl's pho-	peared into the bathroom, from which, in

  tograph that smiled back at him from a	a moment, some excited remarks testified

  silver frame. Her hair was evidently light	that Sam was coming to life under the

  and she wore it quite low on her forehead	effects of a cold shower,

  and piled up at the back, only one couldn't	After gaining certain distinction from the

  he sure of this because the shadows of	fact that he had led the Yale fotball team

  the background interfered. Her eyes were	to the championship, Sam had entered the
  also in shadow, but this only made one wish intricate world of Wall Street in the ca-

  893
894

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

pacity of bond salesman for Gunning & Co.
There he discovered that his physical con-
dition counted for much, and the same abil-
ity that had served him so well in college
counted for more, and he forged ahead so
rapidly that Mr. Gunning called him into
his private office and complimented him.

  This meant a great deal. Mr. Gunning
was not among the lesser powers in the
Street. Indeed, men said the market ate
out of Mr. Gunning’s hand, and when things
slid out from under and the lambs were
caught by their pretty pink toes, it was
whispered around that old man Gunning
had raked in a couple of country estates, a
few private yachts and a fleet or so of motor
cars.	o

   That day Sam had walked from the office
touching the floor only about once in every
three strides, and then he fell into real hap-
piness and real trouble all at the same in-
stant. Coming toward him was the most
radiant creature in the world. She was
talking and laughing with dried-up old
Peters, the head bookkeeper. Sam had in-
stantly loathed Peters and then loved him,
because the next moment he was being in-
troduced to Constance Gunning. Sam held
her hand for a long time and remembered all
the lonesome years of his life and marveled
greatly that he had been able to live through
them.

   Apparently Constance’s thoughts were in
perfect unison with his, for she never did
reach her father’s office. Instead she went
down to the street with Sam, where she let
him buy her a soda and told him that she
liked men with gray eyes.

   Their friendship was as swift as a ten-
inch shell—and as deadly. Two days later
Sam explained to Constance that he loved
her as no other girl had ever been loved.
Constance said that she had known it all
the time and kissed him and let him slip a
ring, with a very small diamond, on her
finger—and then the trouble began to make
itself apparent.

   Mr. Gunning had laid careful plans re-
garding his daughter’s future, but the possi-
bility of her becoming the wife of one of
his own bond salesmen figured in none of
them. Sam was called into the private
office for his second interview, and Mr. Gun-

 ning pointed these things out to him. The
 interview ended by Mr. Gunning requesting
 Sam never to show his face inside the Fifth
 Avenue house again, denied him the use of
 the telephone and the United States mail,
 and fired hitoji telling him to “ get to hell
 out and stay out! ”

   Sam had gone directly to a telephone, and
 a half hour later he and Constance were
 having tea in a little tea shop on Fortieth
 Street. She had tried to induce him to go
 with her to the City Hall so they could get
 a marriage license without further delay.

   With the picture of Mr. Gunning still
vivid in his mind, Sam had demurred, and
raised so many objections that Constance
had accused him of not loving her.

  “ I do love you,” Sam had answered
gloomily. “ But the trouble is that your
father doesn’t love me/”

   “That’s perfectly stupid!” Constance
had exclaimed. “ Because you are not mar-
rying my father; you are marrying me—at
least, you said you wanted to marry me—
maybe—”

   “ If you look like that again,” Sam bad
 interrupted, “ I'm going to kiss you and
 horrify the waitress!”

   So they didn’t reach any decision, but
went to a movie instead and sat in the gal-
lery because the seats were cheaper than
in the orchestra. The picture was a “ so-
ciety drama,” in which the thirty-five-year-
old heroine with curls to her waist, refused
to sell herself for gold, but married her
father’s chauffeur instead. Constance felt
very much cheered up and held Sam’s hand
when the lights went out for the next pic-
ture.

   “ You see,” she had whispered. “ That’s
 the way it’s going to be with us! We‘re go-
 ing to live happily ever afterward!”

   “ It listens well,” Sam had muttered, un-
 convinced. “ Only that chap turned out to
 be a prince in disguise, and if I’m a prince,
 my retainers and subjects have forgotten to
 mention the fact.”

   Then Constance had made herself quite
clear by saying that if Sam didn't get up
enough nerve to marry her, she would marry
some one else out of spite. Sam had pleaded
for a month in which to make a fortune so
he could give her something near to what
ANONYMOUS.

89$

she had been accustomed, and Constance
had reluctantly consented.

  Now, as he stood looking sourly at the
coffee pot and waiting for it to boil over,
he remembered only too well that his time
of probation was up by something like six-
teen hours. It was up to him, and up to
him dam soon or she would carry out her
threat.

  His rooms were in a remodeled building
on Twelfth Street, and after breakfasting
with the photograph propped up against
the sugar bowl, he walked down the stairs to
find the postman sticking some letters into
the little brass boxes at the left of the door.
The United States mail service was being
maintained for the express purpose of car-
rying letters from Constance to himself, so
he ran down the last few steps and peered
into his box as the postman went out of the
door.

  Ah! As expected! He could see the let-
ter through the little glass door. He fum-
bled with a key, reached inside and, to his
dismay, drew out a somewhat rumpled pos-
tal card addressed to him in lead pencil.
Turning it over and moving to the light, he
made out the following inscription:

  Buy M. Q. Oil. Sell at twenty-four.

  “Huh!” Sam muttered. “ Why M. Q.
Oil?”

  He turned the postal over and once more
inspected the address. There was no clew
to the sender, but he decided that a woman
had written it, and probably an old wo-
man, because the writing was more or less
irregular and cramped.

  “ Now who the deuce—” he began, and
again dropped his perplexed gaze to the
card. It had been posted down town, for it
bore the imprint of the Hudson Terminal
Station, but that was a large order and it
told him nothing.

  “ Now who the deuce—” he repeated,
and got no further.

  Somehow, though he could not tell why,
he vaguely associated the card with a wo-
man he had bumped into the day before.
He had been crossing Church Street under
the Sixth Avenue Elevated tracks and had
attempted to get out of an old lady’s way
as she scampered across the street. In that

instant a truck had appeared out of no-
where. Sam lifted her out of danger, and
when he got her to the sidewalk she had
expressed her gratitude in disconnected

gasps.

  “ Oh, that’s all right,” he had laughed.

“ Glad I could help.”

  Now, as he stood in the hall, looking
through the little panes of glass beside the
door, he tried to recall her more clearly. He
distincdy remembered that she had worn
a bonnet, tied under her chin with black
ribbons, and her eyes, he decided, were sort
of “ soulful-looking eyes.”

  “ That’s ridiculous!” he exclaimed aloud,
shoving the card into his coat pocket and
opening the door. “ Perfectly absurd! She
doesn’t know me from—didn’t even ask my
name! Besides, what in the world would
that old lady know about M. Q. Oil? Fool-
ishness—forget it!”

  But he didn’t forget it. He reached the
corner of Sixth Avenue, bought a paper
and the first thing he looked for was the
stock quotations. M. Q. Oil, the night be-
fore, had closed at twelve and an eighth.
Probably it hadn’t moved far away from the
figure for the past six months. Sam laughed
scornfully and tore the postal into little
pieces as he walked down to the station at
Eighth Street.

  There were two or three places Sam had
made up his mind to get in if he could, and
one of them wras Borden & Borden, brokers.
Joe Borden, the son, had roomed across
the hall at New Haven.

  Sam turned out of Broad Street into a
building, and an elevator whisked him up
to an office where a lot of men were sitting
in armchairs before a big blackboard on
which a boy was changing little cards that
he took from a belt around his Avaist.

  Sam didn’t see Joe at first, so he found
a seat at the back of the room and fell to a
study of the board. He knew it by heart
already and was on familiar terms with
most of the offerings. While he watched
the boy advance Steel an eighth, and then
a quarter, and then, walking to the other
end of the board, he stuck a new card
under M. Q. Oil. For those who had that
particular stock for sale, the little numbers
proclaimed that they could find buyers, and
896

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

those buyers were willing to pay fourteen
dollars a share.

  Sam blinked and drew himself to a
straighter position in the chair.

  “ Two points,” he muttered. “ This
morning! Now," he added excitedly,
“ what does that mean?”

  He began wishing that he had been a
little less hasty in destroying the postal. He
was not sure if it had said twenty-two or
twenty-six or twenty-four.

   “ It said twenty-four,” he decided at last,
and gave so much attention to the board
that Joe Borden entered the customers’
room, hung his hat and coat in a comer and
went on into an inner office without Sam
seeing him.

  During the next half hour the rise in M.
Q. was very slow, but it was as steady as
an eight-day clock. An eighth, a quarter,
another eighth, another quarter. Sam wet
his lips and began to figure on how much
money, in a pinch, he could raise. His
bank book showed something less than five
hundred dollars. He had a very nice set of
pearl cuff links and the electric stove, not to
mention the silver frame around Constance’s
picture, but aside from these very few
things, his possessions were unpawnable.

   At the same time five hundred dollars, or
even four hundred dollars, would buy a cer-
tain number of shares, on a margin of
course, and with a ten point rise. At this
point Sam started out of his chair, only
to sink back with a look of determination
crossing his features.

  Ever since the day he first entered Wall
Street he had taken a solemn vow never to
play the market. He had bought some few
shares outright and held them for a profit,
but never, never on a margin. This—well,
this was a totally different matter. How
in the face of the good Sam Hill did the
person who wrote that card know that M. Q.
Oil was going up? And if he had known,
why had he told him?

  He felt in his pocket for his check book
and—shook his head.

   u It’s only a little flurry!” he reasoned to
himself. “ A twelve-point rise! No, not
with me! I’m going somewhere and get
some lunch and by the time I come back
she’ll be down to rock bottom again.”

  Sam reached the street and headed for
the buffet iunch. At that moment he heard

an excited voice calling his name, and
wheeling, he found himself lacing Con-
stance, who was waving to him from her
father’s limousine.

  “ Come on, get in!” she exclaimed when
he approached. Her eyes were sparkling
with all the fun the photograph had prom-
ised. “ Father’s just gone up to the office,
so he won’t want the car all day. \Ve can
drive out into Westchester and pick flowers.
Hurry! He may look out of the window.”
Sam glanced apprehensively at the build-
ing which sheltered Mr. Gunning, and
brought his eyes back to the grinning face
of the chauffeur.

  “ You don’t care how I die, do you?" he
asked, turning to the girl. “ Don’t you like
me any more?”

  “ Don’t be silly!” she scolded. “ Hurry!
Isn’t this luck? I came down because I had
a hunch that I’d see you. Get in! Do
hurry! ”

  He hastened to obey, and she turned to
him with a frown as he settled himself on
the cushion. “ I suppose,” she observed
icily, “ that you know your month is up?
What are you going to do about it?”

  Instead of answering he took her hand,
and the chauffeur turned around in time to
catch them.

  “ Oh, drive anywhere,” Constance ex-
claimed. “ Out in the country. Quite far
out.”

  They came back to town very late in
the afternoon, and the chauffeur, on his way
down to pick up Mr. Gunning—who, very
much disgusted, had gone home in the sub-
way—dropped them at Vicars's, where they
had tea with some friends, so it was still
later when Sam took Constance home in a
taxi and helped her out in front of the
Fifth Avenue house. He was careful to hop
back into the cab again with the least pos-
sible delay.

  “ You will do something to-morrow, won't
you?” she pleaded, pausing on the sidewalk
and looking back at him. “ Please! ’’

  When Constance said “ please ’’ in that
tone of voice and gazed at Sam through
half-closed eyes, he always felt a mad de-
sire to shout aloud. He remembered, in

                          6	A
ANONYMOUS.

897

  time, that he was in front of Mr. Gunning’s
residence, and restrained the impulse, con-
tenting himself with leaning toward her

through the cab door.

  “Don’t you ever dare do that again I”
he threatened. “ Because I refuse to be
responsible for my actions!”

  She pouted, and if anything, Constance’s
pout was more charming than her “ please.”
“ Take me away, driver!” Sam gasped
in sudden panic. “Go! Beat it!”

  After taking most of Sam’s money, the
driver, when he reached Forty-Second
Street, dismissed his passenger and Sam
wandered over to Broadway and entered the
back room of a place where they once sold
very famous beer.

  He ate in abstracted attention, his mind
still filled with Constance’s pout, until a
newsboy came in with a sporting extra.
Mechanically he dropped three cents into
the boy’s hand and opened the paper at
the financial page.

  M. Q. Oil had closed at thirteen and a
half, but—and Sam gulped as he read the
figures—the highest point it had touched
during the day was twenty-six.

  Sam scowled darkly at the back of a
man’s head just in front of him, as though
the stranger was responsible for that sudden
flurry in oil. He was figuring how much
he had not won, and it made his head ache,
and he caught himself wishing there was a
law against writing anonymous postal cards.
But above these thoughts, as one ray of
hope like a flash lamp in a cellar, he was
utterly and entirely thankful that he had
not told Constance about the postal.

  “ Yes,” he nodded gravely. “ She would
have broken it off, and broken it off so
sudden that I wouldn’t ever have been able
to catch my breath! ”

  The paper said that some one had been
trading very heavily in M. Q. and went on
to give a dozen rumors that had been cur-
rent in financial circles for the activity in
the stock.

  In complete dejection he paid his check
and by way of the Seventh Avenue surface
car took himself back to his room. Before
he went to hed he covered a dozen sheets
of paper with figures. By his calculations
he and Constance should have been on their
7 A

way to the Maine woods, where they would
camp out for their honeymoon.

  Dressing the following morning was a
slower process than usual. He told Con-
stance’s picture all about the trouble, but
she only smiled back at him with so much
understanding that he felt better, put on his
hat and went downstairs to find another
postal in the brass mail box. Holding it
between shaking fingers, he read:

   Buy Southern Copper. Sell at seventy-five.

  “My word!” he breathed, gazing in
alarm at his reflections in the glass door.
“ I wonder if this thing is a sort of Black
Hand affair! They’ll come around and
blackmail me for my profits, or blow me
up!”

  He remembered having seen Southern
Copper quoted somewhere around fifty-five
the day before, and if it went to seventy-
five, and he had four hundred dollars’ worth
on a margin—he bolted from the house and
almost ran to the corner, where he snatched
up a paper to reassure himself that his mem-
ory was not at fault.

  Southern Copper had been offered at
fifty-five and an eighth and had found
takers at fifty-five. Sam ducked into a
drug store, and after finding Borden & Bor-
den’s number in the book, entered a tele-
phone both.

  His scruples were still very lively. He
didn’t in the least want to buy Southern
Copper on a margin, but there was Con-
stance’s ultimatum to be considered. “ With
a twenty-point rise and four hun—”

  His musings were cut short, for a voice
answered the call, and Sam wanted to know
if Joe Borden had arrived at the office.
Yes, Mr. Borden was there, and a moment
later Sam’s four hundred dollars belonged to
some one else.

  This made him feel very comfortable dur-
ing the walk down to the Elevated until he
suddenly remembered that the postal might
be wrong and that instead of advancing
twenty points, Southern Copper might drop
off an equal amount. He would be swept
as clean as a new broom could sweep him.
There was nothing cheerful about this, so
he was quite miserable during the ride
down town.
898

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

  When he at last reached the customers'
room of Borden & Borden’s office he was
met. almost before he set foot inside the
doorway, by Joe, who greeted him with a
howl of delight.

  “ Where’d you pick up that tip?” he
wanted to know. “ And why didn’t you tell
me it was a sure thing?”

  “ Sure!” Sam faltered, looking wildly at
the blackboard.

  ‘‘ Your stop order saved you!” Joe ex-
plained. “ She touched seventy-six, went
up like a rocket and dropped like a buck-
shot! If you get hold of anything else
like that and you don’t tell me—but why
didn’t you buy more?”

  Sam walked heavily to a chair and sat
down. “ I will,” he muttered, “ next time.”
He went down to the street again and,
against orders, telephoned Constance.

  “ Well?” she asked, as she recognized his
voice. “ Your month—”

  “ I want to see you!” he exclaimed. “ I
want to—”

  “ Mother’s coming!” she gasped excited-
ly. “ Meet me to-morrow at Vicars’s! I
have to go to Aunt Martha’s—”

  A clap of thunder ended the sentence,
and Sam knew that Constance had been in-
terrupted. He hung the receiver back on
the hook and left the booth, secretly con-
signing Aunt Martha to a life sentence in
Siberia.

  To-morrow—why to-morrow was twenty-
four hours away. The world might come to
an end before to-morrow, and besides, she
hadn’t said what time to-morrow. He start-
ed back into the telephone booth, but
thought better of it, and issued out into
Broad Street instead, where he stood on the
pavement and gloomily watched the crowd
until he turned at last toward the subway
and made his way uptown to Vicars’s.

  He dined in solitary state and tried to im-
agine that Constance was sitting across the
table from him. It was a dreary day, and
before it was over he hated himself and the
world and everything in it.

  That night he lay awake for hours, specu-
lating on the chances of finding another pos-
tal. He had gone over every possible solu-
tion of the mystery', only to confess that he
was no nearer the answer. WTien he thought

of the cards he always thought of the old
lady in the bonnet, but as this was totally
out of all reason he forced it out of his
mind and began all over at the beginning.

  He beat the alarm clock by half an hour
the following morning, and was downstairs
fifteen minutes before the postman put in
an appearance. Sam told himself that he
was crazy to expect a card; a sane man
would have breakfasted comfortably and
comfortably started out to look for a job,
and then the postman, who didn't know Sam
from a black cat, stuck the card in the box,
and Sam snatched it out again.

  It told him, in the same scrawled pen-
ciled words, to buy Union Motors and to
sell again after an eleven-point gain.

  He telephoned the order frop the drug
store and went down town to Borden &
Borden’s office, where Joe buttonholed him
and pumped him dry, which was easily
done, because Sam truthfully said that he
didn’t know anything about it.

  Joe was frankly skeptical about Union
Motors. He said he didn’t think Sam had
a chance of making anything. This piece
of news depressed Sam so much that he for-
got to call Constance on the telephone until
nearly two o’clock, when he found that she
had left the house. Also he failed to locate
her at Vicars’s, so he went back to the cus-
tomers’ room and watched his stock creep
slowly up the eleven-point gain which the
postal had predicted, add a few points, ap-
parently for luck, and begin to fall off as
slowly as it had gained.

  “ You won yesterday, too, didn’t you?”
Joe asked curiously, as he met Sam walking
toward the door after he had sold his hold-
ings in Union Motors. “ Who’s putting you
up to this? Come on, Sam. let me in on it."

  “ I told you I didn’t know,” Sam re-
peated.

  It was not an answer to inspire credulity,
and Joe snorted in utter disgust. “ Hey!"
he called over his shoulder. “ Will you tell
me if you get any more?”

  “ Yes,” Sam nodded. “ But I won’t get
any more.”

  He spent the evening trying to get in
touch with Constance until the butler, final-
ly out of patience, told Sam that Constance
had gone away. “ If hit 11 do you hany
good. sir.” he added with a touch of malice, the orchestra in the hope that he might

“ Hi don’t think as she’s cornin’ back ham
more!” Whereupon he rang off. and Sam

cursed him to the most remote generation

that he could think of.

The following morning Sam received an-
other postal, and vrhile he read it. held the

bit of pasteboard as though it were a live
snake.

  This was the message that he read :

   Buy Consolidated Electric. It will go to

   twenty-six

“ The}- don’t care how fast I get rich,”

he murmured to himself. Placing the card
tenderly in his pocket he took his way to
the Elevated.

  Upon reaching the broker's office he
dragged his friend into a corner and whis-
pered a few short words into his ear.

  “ Now."’ he finished. “ Don’t, for
Heaven's sake, blame me if the confounded
thing goes down! ”

  “Consolidated Electric!” Joe exclaimed
in alarm. " You don't mean to tell me you
are going to buy that? Not at this time! "

  “ If not sooner.” Sam nodded. “ Stick
around and watch.”

  He had shaken off his fear of losing.
Those postals were coming from some one,
or something, with inside information of a
kind not to be lightly disregarded. The
writing was the same, still small and
cramped, scrawled with the stub of a pencil.
Sam didn’t know why he felt that it was
the stub of a pencil, but his mind was very
dear on this point. .And another thing he
was sure of. the old lad} with the bonnet
was writing the cards.

  Consolidated Electric increased Sam’s
fortune to such proportions that he was be-
ginning not to care how much more he
made. With what he already had he and
Constance could laugh at Mr. Gunning,
and do :t to his face. But Constance was
not to be found. When he called her house
a disagreeable man’s voice informed him
that Miss Constance had gone away, and
that be was under orders not to disclose
her address.

  Sam groaned in an agony of spirit and
went to the theater where he sat all by him-
self in a stage box and stared morosely at

catch sight of the girl he loved.

  In a short week—the arrival of the pos-
tals had been as regular as the sun—he
reached a point where it bored him to think

of Borden & Borden. He felt that if he

was called upon to look at another stock

quotation he would buy out the stock mar-
ket and dump it into the East River. And
then the papers got bold of the thing.

  A reporter cornered him in the custom-
ers’ room and forced him to disclose the
story' of his life. While Sam wasn't look-
ing a photographer snapped his picture.

  “ But how much have you made?” the
reporter asked, not without a touch of envy.

  “ I don’t know," Sam answered. “ I
haven’t had time to count it up.”

  The reporter made a note of this, and
signaling to the photographer, departed to
do his worst with the power of the press.

  This, when it was helped out by some
genius of the copy desk, was quite sufficient,
and Sam beheld the smudged picture of
himself over the following caption:

  Samuel Hilton, the boy financial king oi
  Wall Street, who has won an enormous for-
  tune during the past two weeks by his almost
  uncanny stock transactions.

  Above the picture, and spread across
three columns, big black type announced to
Sam that he was fighting Wall Street to a
standstill, and that he was too busy to count
up his profits.

  ‘ That's nice, that is!” Sam exdaimed
hotly. “ Now, whoever it is that's sending
me those cards will know all about it! I
may as well expect to be bombed to-night.”
He was about to throw away the paper
when his eye fdl on another headline, stuck
inconspicuously down in one corner of the
sheet. It read as follows:

CLAIRVOYANT ROUTS JUDGE

Woman Tells Judjfe Braid's Inside History

  Sam had the paper again in his hands
and was perusing a short account of a
woman, giving her name as Mrs. James
Murry of East New York.” who had set
the court room in an uproar when she
claimed to receive a message from her spirit
guide who, so Mrs. Mum- said, informed
900

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

her that Judge Braid had dined the evening
before with a young lady who was not his
wife. Then followed this report:

    Mrs. Murry is an elderly lady, rather
  motherly-looking, and save for her somewhat
  soulful-looking eyes, is not the type of the
  usual clairvoyant. From under the brim of
  her old-fashioned bonnet, tied with ribbons
  under her chin, she gazed at the judge in all
  seriousness as she delivered her “ message.”
  Judge Braid sputtered in confusion, but
  whether her “ information ” was correct, he
  did not say.

     It is alleged that Mrs. Murry has been prac-
   ticing her trade of clairvoyant in the down
   town district, where she has been purport-
   ing to give information and “ messages ” per-
   taining to the movements of the stock market.
   She will be held for General Sessions, without
   bail.

  “ My word!” Sam grunted, and over the
top of the paper he stared out of the win-
dow' with startled eyes. “ Purporting! ” he
broke out in derision. “ I rather think she
has been ‘ purporting!’ ”

  He knew that it was up to him to do
something; but what? Of course there was
no shadow of proof that the old lady whom
he had saved from the truck and Mrs.
Murry were one and the same person, and
this much he allowed quite cheerfully; but
then he turned right around and decided
that he had better get her a lawyer.

  Sam told himself that he owed her this
much, and that it was only decent that he
should pay his debt. With this idea in
mind he searched out Joe Borden and told
him that he had immediate use for a lawr-
yer. Whom could he recommend?

  “ John Woods,” Joe returned without
hesitation. “ But hell stick you an awful
bill.”

  “ That’s the man,” Sam answered.
“ Write his address on this card.”

  Sam reached the door, opened it, and
stood face to face with Constance Gunning.

 “ Why—why!” he gasped. “Well—
where have you been?”

  “ Father took me out to Aunt Martha’s
and made her promise to keep me there. I
ran away at d came back as soon as I could.
And they told me I’d find you over here,
and is it true?” She gasped for breath.
“ The money, I mean?”

  “True!” he laughed. “But come on,

I'll tell you about it. We’re going first to
a jail, where I’m going to try to see a friend
of mine, then we’re going to a lawyer’s, and
after that we’re going to buy a car and go
to some State where they don’t ask you to
wait an unheard number of days—after
you get a license—before you can get mar-
ried.”

  “ Is it as much as that?” she asked, as
they reached the street.

  “ As w7hat?”

  “ The money you’ve made?”

  “ It’s more,” he assured her. “ It’s not
only enough for me to marry you, but it’s
enough to support you!”

   A short time later, with a ten-dollar bill
showing conspicuously between his fingers,
Sam interviewed an official who was not at
all in favor of Sam’s plan. He caught sight
of the money at this moment and led Sam
through a series of halls and doors until he
came to a cell in which a woman was sit-
ting on a chair, apparently perfectly con-
tented with her surroundings.

  Mrs. Murry was large, tall, raw-boned,
gawky, and awkward. In a daze Sam
glanced about the cell and his eyes lit on a
black bonnet, with brilliant red cherries
fastened about the brim.

  “ Take me away,” he breathed to the
official. “ I’ve seen enough. And all I’ve
got to say is that I have a fine opinion of
that newspaper man’s imagination and his
idea of an old-fashioned bonnet.”

  The official led the way back to where
they had left Constance.

  “ We don’t have to go to the lawyer’s,”
Sam explained when they reached the
street. “ It was a mistake.” He turned
to the driver and gave the address of the
building on Twelfth Street. “ I’ll pick up
a bag,” he said as the car rolled away.
“ Then we’ll stop for your things, and after
that we’ll only hit the high spots till we get
to a State that looks awfully good to you.”
“ But I want to know why we visited the
jail?” Constance demanded.

  “Ask me anything but that!” Sam
groaned. u Because if I answered you it
wouldn’t be the truth, and if I told you
the truth you wouldn’t marry me.”

  " Sam!"

  “ I mean I’m only weak from the chin
ANONYMOUS.

901

up. he explained. “ I haven’t committed
any crime. The fact of the matter is
that I haven’t enough sense to commit a

crime.”

  Sam left her still pouting while he ducked
into the house and produced a grip full of
clothes. With these they started uptown
and stopped in front of her home on Fifth
Avenue.

  Sam hopped out, helped Constance to
the sidewalk, and was on the point of hop-
ping back in again when his eye fell upon
Mr. Gunning walking serenely down the

steps.

  A malicious grin was on the man's face,
and Sam stood still in his tracks with his
heart doing some queer things in his breast.
Mr. Gunning advanced, held out his hand
and—unless Sam had taken leave of his
senses—smiled.

  “ That's great work you’ve been doing
down town,” he began. “ Compliment you
on it. Sorry you thought it necessary to
leave our house. Hope to see you back
again some day. I didn’t know you were
acquainted with my daughter. How is that,
Constance?”

  “ You didn’t know?” Sam repeated, find-
ing a strange difficulty in breathing. “ You
didn’t—”

  “ You didn’t—” Constance began, staring
in amazement. “ You—”

  “ Coming in?” Mr. Gunning asked. Ap-
parently he had overlooked Sam’s grip.

 “ We were—” Sam gulped. “ We
were—”

  “ Going for a ride, Thomas?” Constance
finished.

  “ Beautiful day,” Mr. Gunning remarked.
“ Stop in on your way back and have din-
ner with us. I’ve got something I’d like to
talk over with you.”

  “Thank — thank you,” Sam faltered,
and he helped Constance back into the
taxi.

  “ I guess this belongs to you,” Mr. Gun-
ning said. “ It’s a note some one left at the

office.”

  Sam was unable to speak. He simply
stared as Mr. Gunning turned back toward

the steps.

  W’hen they were speeding through the
park Sam turned to the girl and stared at

her.

  “ I think I know,” she said after a mo-
ment. “It was mother. I told her that
I was going to run away with you, and I
said that if I did I never expected to set
foot in their house again. I was mighty
serious. It scared them, don’t you see, and
father’s relented, and probably he was able
to fix it up with mother because you’ve
made all this money. Just think, Sam,
now I can have a wedding—what was the
note?”

  He raised the bit of paper and glanced
at it. then choked back a cry of amazement.
It was a post card, and in the same scrawled
writing his mysterious friend had given him
a parting message.

  “ * You are welcome,’ ” Constance read
aloud. “ What does he mean by that?”

  “ He!” Sam retorted. “ It isn’t a he, it’s
a she!”

  “ She—he—what do you mean?” Con-
stance exclaimed.

  “ I mean a woman w?rote this post card!”

  She screamed in derision. “ A woman!
That writing! Why, I’d know it at the
north pole!”

  “ You’d know it?” he breathed. “ Then
who’s—then—”

  “Why, it’s father’s!” she exclaimed.
“ Whose did you suppose it was?”

tj	u	tr	v

CUPID’S HELPER

      KilARY had a little bin

As empty as could be,

      And fearing winter’s icy blast
      She wed a coal man—me!

James IF, Campbell.
  The decoit, believing that Bootea was
designed for Xana Sahib's harem, knew
that as one favored in the prince’s eyes, he
would surely be put to death if he offended
her.

   So. traveling with the almost incessant
swift progress which was an art with all
decoits, in* a few days they arrived at Raj
gar, the town to which Amir Khan had
shifted. He had taken possession of a
palace belonging to the Rajput rajah as his
headquarters, and his army of horsemen
were encamped in tents on the vast, sandy
plain that extended from both sides of the
River Xahal. The local name of this river
was “ The Stream of Blood,’’ so named be-
cause a fierce force of Arab mercenaries in
the employ of Sindhia, many years before,
had butchered the entire tribe of Xahals—

                   This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 14.

                                                      902

CHAPTER XIX.

THE AFGHAN.

DEWAN SEWLAL had warned Hunsa
and Sookdee against their natural
proclivities for making a decoitv
while traveling to the Pindari camp, as the
mission was more important than loot—an
enterprise that might cause them to be
killed or arrested. Indeed, the Gulab had
made this a condition or her going with
them. She was practically put in com-
mand. Both Xana Sahib and the Dewan
were pleased over what they deemed her
sensible acquiescence in the scheme. As
has been said, the Dewan, recognizing the
debased ferocity of Hunsa. had promised
him the torture when he returned if Bootea
had any cause of complaint.

By W. A. FRASER

Author of " The Three Sapphires" Thoroughbreds, ” etc.
CASTE.

903

men, women and children—higher up in

the hills.

  As had been planned, some of the decoits

had come as recruits to the Pindari stand-
ard. This created no suspicion, because
free-lance soldiers, adventurous spirits,
from all over India, flocked to a force that
was known to be massed for the purpose of
loot. It was an easy service; little dis-
cipline, a regular Moslem fighting horde,
holding little in reverence but the daily
prayer and the trim of a spear, or the edge
of a sword. Amir Khan was the law, the
army regulation, the one thing to obey. As
to the matter of prayers, for those who were
not followers of the Prophet, who carried
no little prayer carpet to kneel upon, face
to Mecca, there was, it being a Rajput
town, the always shrine of Shiva and his
elephant-headed son, Ganesh, to receive
obeisance from the Hindus. And those who
had come as players, wrestlers, were wel-
comed joyously, for, there being no imme-
diate matter of a raid and throat-cutting,
and little of disciplinary duties, time hung
heavy on the hands of these grown-up
children.

  Hunsa was remembered by several of
the Pindaris as having ridden with them
before; and he also had suffered an apos-
tasy of faith, for he now swore by the
beard of the Prophet, and turned out at
the call of the muezzin, and testified to the
fact that there was but one god—Allah.

  And he had known his Amir Khan well
when he had told the Dewan that the fierce
Pindari was gentle enough when it came to
a matter of feminine beauty, for Bootea
made an impression.

  Of course, it would have taken a more
obdurate male than Amir Khan not to ap-
preciate the exquisite charm of the Gulab;
no art could have equaled the inherent pa-
trician simplicity and sweetness of her
every thought and action. Perhaps her de-
termination to ingratiate herself into the
good graces of the chief was intensified,
brought to a finer perfection, by the motive
that had really instigated her to accept
this terrible mission, her love for the Eng-
lishman, Barlow.

  Of course, this was not an unusual thing;
few women have lived who are not capable

of such a sacrifice for some one. The
“ grand passion, ' when it comes, and rarely
out of reasoning, smothers everything in
the heart of almost every woman — once.
It had come to Bootea. Foolishly, impos-
sible of attainment, everything against its
ultimate accomplished happiness, but noth-
ing of that mattered. She was there, wait-
ing—waiting for the service that Fate had
whispered into her being.

  And she danced divinely—that is the
proper word for it. Her dancing was a
revelation to Amir Khan, who had seen
noutchnis go through their sensuous, sug-
gestive, voluptuous twistings of supple
forms, disfigured by excessive decoration—
bangles, anklets, nose rings, high-colored
swirling robes, and with voices worn to a
rasping timbre that shrilled rather than
sang the ghazal (love song) as they gy-
rated. But here was something different.
Bootea’s art was the art that was taught
princesses in the palaces of the Rajput
rajahs, not the bidding of a courtesan for
the desire of a man. Her dress was a float-
ing cloud of gauzy muslin, and her sole evi-
dent adornment the ruby-headed gold
snake-bracelet, the iron band of widow-
hood being concealed higher on her arm.
Some intuition had taught the girl that this
mode would give rise in the warrior’s heart
to a feeling of respectful liking; it had al-
ways been that way with real men where
she was concerned.

  When Amir Khan passed an order that
Bootea was to be treated as a queen, his
officers smiled in their heavy black beards
and whispered that his two wives would yet
be hand-maidens to a third, the favorite.

  Hunsa saw all this, for he was the one
that often carried a message to the Gulab
that her presence was desired in the palace.
But there w*ere always others there, the
players and musicians—those who played
the guitar and the violin—and the officers.

  Hunsa was getting impatient. Every
time he looked at the handsome, black-
bearded head of the warrior he was like a
covetous thief gazing upon a diamond neck-
lace that is almost within his grasp. He
had come there to kill him and delay was
dangerous. He had been warned by the
Dewan that they suspected Barlow meant
904

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

to visit the chief on behalf of the British.
He might turn up any day. When he spoke
to Bootea about her part in the mission,
the enticing of Amir Khan to her tent so
that he might be killed, she answered:

  “ Hunsa, you will wait until I give you
a command to kill the chief. If you do not,
it is very likely that you will be the sacri-
fice, for he is not one to be driven.’’ She
vowed that if he broke this injunction she
would denounce him to Amir Khan. She
would have done so at first but for the idea
that treachery to her people could not be
justified but by dire necessity.

  Every day the Gulab, as she walked
through the crowded street, scanned the
faces of men afoot and on horseback, look-
ing for one clothed as a Patan, but in his
eyes the something she would know, the
something that would say he was the deified
one. And she had told Amir Khan that
there was a Patan coming with a message
for him, and that when such an one asked
for audience that he should say nothing,
but see that he was admitted.

  Then one day—it was about two weeks
of waiting—Captain Barlow came. He was
rather surprised at the readiness with which
he was admitted for an audience with the
chief. It was in the audience hall that he
was received, and the chief was surrounded,
as he sat on the rajah’s dais, by officers.

  Barlow had come as Ayub Alii, an Af-
ghan, and as it was a private interview he
desired, he made the visit a formal one,
the paying of respects, with the usual pre-
senting of the hilt of his sword for the chief
to touch with the tips of his fingers in the
way of accepting his respects.

  The chief, knowing this was the one
Bootea had spoken of, wrote on a slip of
yellow paper something in Persian and ten-
dered it to Barlow, saying. “ This will be
your passport when you would speak with
me if there is in your heart something to
be said.”

  Going, Barlow saw that he had written
but the one word:

jm °

  This, when translated into English, in-
terpreted one word, “ Afghan.”

  Hunsa, too, had watched for the coming
of Barlow. The same whisper that had
come to Bootea’s ears that he would ride
as a Patan had been told him by the De-
wan. Knowing that when Barlow arrived
he would endeavor to see the chief in his
quarters, Hunsa daily hovered hear the
palace and chatted with the guard at the
gates, the heavy double teak wood gates, on
one side of which was painted, on a white
stone wall, a war elephant, and the other
side a Rajput horseman, his spear held at
the charge. This was the allegorical repre-
sentation, so general all over Mewar, of
Rana Pertab charging a Mogul prince
mounted on an elephant.

  Thus Hunsa had seen the tall Patan and
heard him make the request for an audience
with Amir Khan. It was the walk, the
slight military precision, that caused the
decoit to mutter, “ Xo hill Afghan that.”

  And when Barlow had come forth the
Bagree trailed him up through the chowk;
and just as the man he followed came to
the end of the narrow crowded way, Hunsa
saw Bootea, coming from the opposite di-
rection, suddenly stop, and her eyes, go
wide as they were fixed on the face of the
tall Patan.

  “ It is the accursed sahib,” Hunsa
snarled between his grinding teeth. He
brooded over the advent of the messenger,
and racked his animal brain for some
scheme to accomplish his mission of mur-
der, and counteract the other’s influence.
And presently a bit of rare deviltry crept
into his mind, joint partner with the mur-
der thought. If he could but kill the chief
and have the blame of it cast upon the
sahib, who, no doubt, would have his in-
terviews with Amir Khan alone.

  During the time Hunsa had been there,
several times in the palace, somewhat of a
privileged character, known to be connected
with the Gulab, he had familiarized him-
self with the plan of the marble building—
the stairways that ran down to the central
court, the many tortuous passages, the
marble fretwork, screen niches and myste-
rious chambers.

  Either Hunsa or Sookdee was now al-
ways trailing Barlow—his every move was
known. And then, as if some evil jinni
CASTE.

905

had taken a spirit hand in the guidance of

events, Hunsa’s chance came. Barlow, who

had tried three times to see Amir Khan,
one day received a message at the gate that
he was to come back that evening, when
the chief, having said his prayers, would
give him a private audience.

  Hunsa had seen Barlow making his way
from the serai where he camped with his
horse toward the palace, and hurrying with
the swift celerity of a jungle creature, he
reached the gate first. His head wrapped
in the folds of a turban so that his ugly
face was all but hidden, he was talking to
the guard when Barlow gave the latter his
yellow slip of passport; and as the guard
left his post and entered the dim entrance
to call up the stairway for one to usher in
the Afghan, Hunsa slipped nonchalantly
through the gate and stood in the deep
shadow of a jutting wall, his black body
and drab loin-cloth merging into the gloom.

CHAPTER XX.

“ THOU ART A MAN!”

" T S the one alone?” Amir Khan asked
I when a servant had presented Bar-
low’s yellow slip of paper.

“ But for the orderly that is with him.”

  “ Tell him to enter, and go where your
ears will remain safe upon your head.”

  The bearer withdrew and Captain Bar-
low entered, preceded by the orderly, who,
with a deep salaam, announced:

  “ Sultan Amir Khan, it is Ayub Alii who
would have audience.” Then he stepped
to one side, and stood erect against the
wall.

  “ Salaam, chief,” Barlow said with a
sweep of a hand to his forehead, and Amir
Khan from his seat in a black ebony chair
inlaid with pearl shell and garnets, re-
turned the salutation, asking: “And what
favor would Ayub Alii ask?”

  “ A petition such as your servant would
make is but for the ears of Amir Khan.”
The black eyes of the Pindari, deep set
under the shaggy eyebrows, hung upon
the speaker’s face with the fierce, watchful
stab of a falcon’s.

  Barlow saw the distrust, the suspicion.

He unslung from his waist his heavy pistol,

took the tulwar from the wide, brass-
studded belt about his waist, and tendered
them to the orderly, saying: “ It is a mes-
sage of peace, but also it is alone for the
ears of Amir Khan.”

  The Pindari spoke to the orderly: “ Go
thou and wait below.”

  When he had disappeared the Pindari
rose from the ebony wood chair, stretched
his tall, giant form, and laughed. “ Thou
art a seemly man, Ayub Alii, but thinkest
thou that Amir Khan would have fear thou
sendest thy playthings by the orderly?”

  “ No, chief, it was but proper. And you
will know that the message is such that
none other may hear it.”

  “ Sit on yonder divan, Afghan, and tell
this large thing that Is in thy mind.”

  As Barlow took a seat upon the divan
covered by a red and green Bokharan rug,
lifting his eyes suddenly, he was conscious
of a mocking smile on the Pindari’s lips;
and the fierce black eyes were watching his
every move as he slipped a well-strapped
sandal from a foot. Rising, he stepped to
the table at one end of which the Pindari
sat, and placing the sandal upon it, said:

“ If the chief will slit the double sole with
his knife he will find within that which I
have brought.”

  “ The matter of which you spake, Af-
ghan, is a service, and Amir Khan is not
one to perform a service of the hands for
any one.”

  “ But if I asked for the chief’s knife, not
having one—”

  “ lnshall-a! But thou art right. If thou
hadst asked for the knife thou mightst have
received it, and not in the sandal,” he
laughed. The laugh welled up from his
throat through the heavy black beard like
the bubble of a bison bull.

  The Pindari reached for the sandal, and
as he slit at the leather thread, he com-
mented: “Thou hast the subtlety of a
true Patan; within, I take it, is something
of value, and if it were in a pocket of thy
jacket, or a fold at thy waist, those who
might seek it with one slit of their dis-
coverer, which is a piece of broken glass
carrying an edge such as no blade would
have, would take it up. But a man’s san-
906

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

dais well strapped on are removed but af-
ter he is dead.”

   “ BismiUahl” The Pindari had the pa-
per spread flat upon the black table and
saw the seal of the British raj. He seemed
to ponder over the document as if the writ-
ing were not within his interpretation. Then
he said: “ We men of the sword have not
given much thought to the pen, employing
scribblers for that purpose, but to-morrow
a mullah will make this all plain.”

   Barlow interrupted the chief. “ Shall I
read the written word?”

   “ What would it avail? Hereon is the
seal of the Englay raj, but as you read the
thumb of the raj would not be upon your
lip in the way of a seal. The mullah will
interpret this to me. Is it of an alliance?”
“ It is, chief.”

  The Pindari laughed: “ Holkar would
give me a camel load of gold rupees for this
and thy head; Sindhia might add a pro-
vince for the same.”

  “ True, chief. And has Amir Khan
heard a whisper of reward and a dress of
honor from Sindhia’s Dewan for his head?”
“ Afghan, there is always a reward for
the head of Amir Khan: but a gift is of
little value to a man who has lost his life
in the trying. Without are guards ready to
run a sword through even a shadow, and
here I could kill three.”

   He raised his black eyes and scanned the
form of Ayub Alii. There was a quizzical
smile on his lips as he said:

   “ Go back and sit thee upon the divan.”
When Barlow had taken his place, the
chief laughed aloud, saying, “ Well done,
Captain Sahib; thou art perfect as a Patan;
even to the manner of sitting down one
would have thought that, except for a
saddle, thou hadst always sat upon thy
heels.”

   Barlow smiled good humoredly, saying,

“ It is even so; I am Captain Barlow. And
this ”—he tapped the loose, baggy trousers
of the Afghan hillman, and the sheepskin
coat with the wool inside—“ was not in
the way of deceit, but for protection on the
road.”

   “ It is well thought of,” the Pindari de-
 clared, “ for a sahib traveling alone through
 Rajasthan would be robbed by a Mahratta

or killed by a Rajput. But as to the de-
ceiving of Amir Khan, dost thou suppose
that he given to a Patan the paper of ad-
mittance, or of passing, such as he gave to
thee. Even at the audience I was pleased
with thy manner of disguise.”

   Barlow was startled. “ Did you know
then that I was a sahib—how did you
know?”

   “ Because thou wert placed in my hand

in the way of protection.”

   Then Barlow surmised that of all out-
side his own caste there could be but one.
and he knew that she was in the camp, for
he had seen her. “ It was a woman.”

   “ A rare woman; even I, chief of the Pin-
daris—and we are not bred to softness—
say that she is a pearl.”

   “ They call her the Gulab,” Barlow ven-
tured.

  “ She is well named the Gulab. The
perfume of her is in my nostrils, though it
mixes ill with the camel smell. Without
offense to Allah I can retain her, for it is in
the Koran that a man may have four wives,
and I have but two.”

   “ But the Gulab is of a different faith,”
Barlow objected, and a chill hung over his
heart.

   The Pindari laughed. “ The sahibs have
agents for the changing of faith, those who
wear the black coat of honor; and a mullah
will soon make a good Musselmani of the
beautiful little infidel. Of course, sahib,
there is the other way of having a man’s
desire which is the way of all Pindaris—
they consider women as fair loot when the
sword is the passport through a land. But
as to the Gulab, the flower is most too fair
for a crushing. In such a matter as I
have spoken of the fragrance is gone, and
a man, when he crushes the weak, has con-
flict with himself.”

   “ It’s a topping old barbarian, this leader
of cutthroats!” Barlow admitted to him-
self; but in his mind was a horror of the
fate meant for the girl. And somehow it
was a sacrifice for him, he knew, an en-
largement of the love that had shown in
the soft, brown eyes. As he listened schemes
of stealing the Gulab away, of saving her,
were hurtling through his brain.

   “ And mark thee, sahib, Amir Khan has
CASTE.

907

found favor with the little flower, for when
I thought of an audience with her in her

own tent—for to be a leader of men, in

possession of two wives, and holding strong
by the faith of Mahomet, it is as well to be
circumspect—the Gulab warned me that a
knife might be presented as I slept. A jeal-
ous lover, perhaps, I think—it would not
have been Ayub Alii, by any chance?”
What Barlow was thinking, was: “ A
most subtle animal, this.” And he now un-
derstood why the Pindari, as if he had for-
gotten the message, was talking of the Gu-
lab. As an Oriental, he was coming to
the point in circles.

  “ It was not, chief,” Barlow answered.
“ A British officer on matters of state would
break his honor if he trifled with women.”

  “ Put thy hand upon thy beard, Afghan
—though thou hast not one—and swear by
it that it was not thee the woman meant
when she spoke of a knife, for I like thee.”
Barlow put his hand to his chin. “ I
swear that there was nothing of evil intent
against Amir Khan in my heart,” he said,
“ and that is the same as our oath, for it
is but one God that we both worship.”

  The chief again let float from his big
throat his low, deep, musical laugh.

  “ An oath is an oath, nothing more. To
trust to it and go to sleep in its guardian-
ship, one may never wake up. Even the
gods cannot bind a heart that is black with
words. It was one of my own name who
swore on the shrine of Eklinga at Udaipur
friendship for a prince of Marwar, and
changed turbans with him, which is more
binding than eating opium together, then
slew him like a dog. Of my faith, an oath,
by the beard of the Prophet, is more bind-
ing I think. Too many gods, such as the
men of Hind have, produce a wavering.
But thou hast sworn to the truth as I am
a witness. The delay of an audience was
that thou mightst be well watched before
much had been said, for a child at play
hides nothing, and if thou hadst gone but
once to the tent of the Gulab, Amir Khan
would have known.

  “ But as to this ”—his hand tapped the
document—" it has been said that the Brit-
ish raj doles out the lives of its servants as
one doles grain in a time of famine. If an

envoy, such as a rajah sends in a way of

pride, came with this, and were made a
matter of sacrifice, perhaps twenty lives
would have paid of the trying, but as it is,

but one is the account.”

  Barlow* shot a quick, searching look into
the Pindari’s eyes. Was it a covert threat?
But he answered: “ It is even so; it was
spoken of as a matter for two, but—”
The chief laughed. “ I know, sahib,
thou art pleasing to me. Of the sahibs I
have little knowledge, but I have heard it
said they w’ere a race of white Rajputs, save
that they did not kill a brother or a father
for the love of killing. What service want
they of Amir Khan?”

  “ There are rumors that the Mahrattas,
forgetting the lessons they have received—
both Holkar and Sindhia having been
thoroughly beaten by the British—are se-
cretly preparing for war.”

  “ A jo/ntr, a last death rush, is it not?”

  “ They will be smashed forever, and
their lands taken.”

  “ But the King of Oudh has been prom-
ised a return to glory to join in this revolt.
The fighting Rajputs—what of them?
Backed by the English they should hold
these accursed black Mahrattas in check.”
Barlow rose, and, the wary eyes of the
chief on every move, stepped over to the
table and pointed to a signature upon the
document.

  “ That,” he said, “ is the signature of the
Rana of Mewar, meaning that he also
passes the salt of friendship to Amir
Khan.”

  He turned the document over, and there,
written upon it, were the figures “ 74^2.”

  “ BismillaJt!” the chief cried, for he had
not noticed this before. “ It is the tilac,
the rana’s sealing of the document; it is the
mystic number that means that the con-
tents are sacred, that the Curse of the Sack
of Fort Chitor be upon him who violates
the seal; it is the oath of all Rajputs—tilac,
that which is forbidden. And the sahibs
have heard a rumor that Amir Khan Ifts
a hundred thousand horsemen to cut in
with. Even Sindhia is afraid of me and
desires my head. The sahibs have heard,
and desire my friendship.”

  “ That is true, chief.”
908

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ This is the right way,” and the Pin-
dari brought his palm down upon the gov-
ernment message. “ I have heard men say
that the English were like children in the
matter of knowing nothing but the speaking
of truth; I have heard some laugh at this,
accounting it easy to circumvent an enemy
when one has knowledge of all his inten-
tions, but truth is strength. We have faith
in children because they have not yet
learned the art of a lie. In tw'o days, Cap-
tain Sahib, thou wilt be called to an audi-
ence.” He rose from his chair, and, with a
hand to his forhead, said: “ Salaam, sahib.
May the protection of Allah be upon you!”

   “ Salaam, chief,” Barlow answered, and
he held out a hand with a boyish frankness
that caused the Pindari to grasp it, and
the two stood, two men looking into each
other’s eyes.

   “ Go thou nowr, sahib; thou art a man.
Go alone and with quiet, for I would view
this message and put it in yonder strongbox
before others enter.”

CHAPTER XXI.

THE GHOUL.

WHEN Captain Barlow had gone
Amir Khan took up the message
and read it. Once he chuckled,
for it was, in his Oriental mind, that the
deceiving of Barlow as to his knowledge of
writing was rather a joke. Once as he read
the heavy silk purdah of the door swayed a
little at one side as if a draft of wind
had shifted it, and an evil face appeared
in the opening.

   Presently he rose from his chair, took
the lamp in one hand and the paper in the
other, and crossed to the iron box in a far
corner of the room. He set the flickering
light upon the floor, and dropping to his
knees, drew from his waist band a silver
chain, at the end of which were his seal
and keys. His broad shoulders blanked
tfie tiny cone of light, and behind, through
a marble fretwork, a delicate tracery of
lotus flowers that screened the window,
trickled cold shafts of moonlight that fell
upon something evil that wriggled across
the white and black slabs of marble from

beneath the door curtain. The moonlight
glistened the bronze skin of the silent,
crawling thing that was a huge snake, or a
giant centipede; it was even like a square-
snouted, shovel-headed mugger that had
crept up out of the slimy river that circled
sluggishly the eastern wall of the palace.

   Once as Amir Khan fitted a key in the
lock he checked and knelt, as silent, as pas-
sive as a bronze Buddha, listening; and
the creeping thing was but a blur, a shadow
without movement, silent. Then he raised
the lid of the box and paused, holding it
with his right hand, the flickering light
upon his bronze face showing a smile as his
eyes dwelt lovingly upon the gold and
jewels within.

   And again the thing crept, or glided, not
even a slipping purr, noiseless, just a drift-
ing shadow; only where a ribbon of moon-
light from between a lotus and a leaf picked
it out was the brown thing of evil marked
against the marble. Then the divan blurred
it from sight. From behind the divan to
the ebony chair, and the wide, black-topped
table the shadow drifted; and when Amir
Khan had clanged the iron lid closed, and
risen, lamp in hand, there was nothing to
catch his eye.

   He placed the lamp that was fashioned
like a lotus upon the table, and dropping
into his chair, yawned sleepily. Then be
raised his voice to call his bearer:

  “ Abd—”

   The name died on his lips, for the brown
thing behind the chair had slipped upward
with the silent undulation of a panther, and
a deadly roomal—towel—had flashed over
the chief’s head and was now a strangling
knot about his tawny throat; the knuckles
of Hunsa were kneading his spine at the
back of the skull with a half twist of the
cloth. He was pinioned to the back of the
chair; he was in a vise, the jaws of which
closed his throat. Just a stifled gurgle es-
caped from his lips as his hand clutched at
a dagger hilt. The muscles of the naked,
brown body behind stood out in knobs of
strength, and the face of the strangler, pan-
reddened teeth showing in the flickering
light as if they had bitten into blood, was
the face of a ghoul.

   The powerful Pindari struggled in smotb-
CASTE.

909

ering desperation, and Hunsa, twisting the
gorilla hands, sought in vain to break the

neck, but it wras too strong.

  Then the chair careened sidewise, and
the Pindari shot downward, his forehead
striking a marble slab, stunning him.
Hunsa, with the death grip still on the
roomal, planted a knee between the vic-
tim's shoulder blades, and jerked the head
upward. Still the spine did not snap, and
slowly tightening the pressure of the cloth,
he smothered the man beneath his knee till
he felt the muscles go slack and the body
lie limp—dead!

  Then Hunsa crossed the roomal to his
left hand, and stretching out his right,
grasped the chief’s dagger where he lay
upon the floor, and drove it, from behind,
through his heart. He placed the knife
upon the floor where drops of blood, trick-
ling from its curved point, lay upon the
white marble like spilled rubies. He un-
fastened the silver chain that carried the
keys and crossed the floor with the slouch-
ing crouch of a hyena. Rapidly he opened
the iron box, took the paper Amir Khan
had placed there, and hesitated for a sec-
ond, his ghoulish eyes gloating over the
jewels and gold; but he did not touch them,
his animal cunning holding him to the
simple plan that was now working so
smoothly. He locked the box and slipped
the key chain about the dead man’s waist;
then, seizing the right hand of his victim
he smeared the thumb in blood and im-
printed it upon the paper just beside the
seal of the British raj, muttering: “ This
will do for Nana Sahib as wTell as your
head, Pindari, and is much easier hidden.”

  He placed the paper in a roll of his tur-
ban, blew out the flickering light, and with
noiseless bare feet glided cautiously to the
door. The purdah swung backhand there
was left just the silent room, all dark, save
for little trickles of silver that dropped
spots and ‘grotesque lines upon the body of
the dead chief. It fell full upon the knife
flooding its blade into a fingerlike mirror,
and glinted the blood drops as if in reality
they had turned to rubies. Without the
piirdah Hunsa did not crouch and run, but
walked swiftly, though noiselessly, as one
upon a message. Ten paces of the dim-

lighted hall he turned to the right to a bal-
cony.

  Here, at the top of a narrow, winding,
stone stairway, Hunsa listened. No sound
came from below, and he glided down. Be-
neath was a balcony corresponding with the
one above, and just beyond was a domed
cell that he had investigated. It was a cell
that at one time had witnessed the quick
descent of headless bodies to the river be-
low. A teakwood beam with a round hole
in the center spanned the cell just above
an opening that had all the appearance of
a well. Hunsa had investigated this exit
for this very purpose, for he had been some-
what of a privileged character about the
palace.

  He now unslung from about his waist,
hidden by his baggy trousers, a strong, fine
line of camel hair. Making one end fast
to the teakwood sill he went down hand
over hand, his strong, hard palms gripping
the soft line. At the end of it he still had
a drop of ten or twelve feet, but, bracing
his shoulders to one wall, and his feet to
the other, he let go. Hunsa was shaken by
his drop of a dozen feet, but the soft sand
of the river bed had broken the shock of
his fall. He picked himself up, and crouch-
ing in the hiding shadow of the bank hur-
ried along for fifty yards; then he clam-
bered up cautiously to the waste of white
sand that was studded with the tents of
the Pindari horsemen. On his right, floating
up the hill in terraces, its marble white in
the moonlight, was the palace where Amir
Khan lay dead. It still held a somber
quietude; the murder had not been dis-
covered.

  He had mapped this route out carefully
in the day, and knew just howT to avoid the
patrolling guards, and he was back in the
narrow chcru'k of the town that was a strug-
gling stream of swaggering Pindaris, and
darker skinned Marwari bunnias and shop-
keepers. Hunsa pushed his way through
this motley crowd and continued on to the
gate of the palace.

  To the guard who halted him he said:
“If the other who went up to see the chief
is gone, I wTould go now, meer sahib. As I
have said, it is a message from the Gulab
Begum.”
910

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ I looked for you when I returned from
above,” the guard answered. “ but you had
gone. The Afghan has gone but a little
since—stay you here.”

   He called within, “Yaeoub!”

   Lt was the orderly who had conducted
Barlow to Amir Khan who answered, and
to him the guard said: “ Go to the chief’s
apartment and say that one waits here with
word from the favorite.”

  Hunsa sat down nonchalandy upon a
marble step, and drew the guard into a
talk of raids, explaining that he had ridden
once upon a time with Chitu, on his foray
into the territory of the Nizam.

CHAPTER XXII.

THEY BRING THE AFGHAN!

HUNSA had come back to the palace in
haste so that the murder of Amir
Khan might be discovered soon after
Captain Barlow had left, and that the crime
might be fastened upon the saJrib. As he
waited, chatting to the guard, there was
suddenly a frenzied, deep-throated call of
alarm from the upper level of rooms that
was answered by other voices here and
there crying out; there was a hurrying
scuffling of feet on the marble stairs, and
Yacoub appeared, his eyes wide in fright,
crying:

  “ The chief has been stabbed! He’s
dead! He’s murdered! Guard the door—
let no one out—let no one in!”

  “ Beat the nakara," the guard com-
manded. “ Raise the alarm!”

   He seized his long-barreled matchlock,
blew on the fuse, and pointing up toward
the moonlit sky, fired. Just within, in a
little court, Y'acoub, with heavy drum
stick, was pounding from the huge drum
a thunderous vibrant roar, ami somebody
at his command had seized a horu, and
from its copper throat a strident shriek of
alarm split the air.

   The narrow street was now one surging
mass of excited Pindaris. With their rid-
ing whips they slashed viciously at any one
other than their own soldier caste that ven-
tured near, driving them out, crying:

“ This is alone for the Pindaris! ”

   A powerful, whiskered jamadar pushed
bis way through the mob, throwing men to
the right and left with sweeps of his strong
arm, and, reaching the guard, was told that
Amir Khan lay up in his room, murdered.
Then an hazari (commander of five thou-
sand) came running and pushed through
the throng that the full force of the tragedy-
held almost silent.

  The guard saluted, saying: “ Com-
mander Kassim, the chief has been slain."

  “ How—who?”

  “ I know not, commander.”

   “ Who has passed the guard here?”

  “ But one, the Afghan, who was ex-
pected by the chief. He went forth but
lately.”

  “ A Patan!” Kassim roared. “Trust a
woman and a snake, but not a Patan.” He
turned to the whiskered jamadar: “ Quick,
go you with men and bring the Afghan.”
To another he said: “ Command to enter
from there ”—his hand swept the mob in
front—“ a dozen trusty sowars and flood
the palace with them. Up, up. every room,
every nook, every place of hiding; under
everything, and above everything, and
through everything, search. Not even let
there be exemption of the seraglio—mur-
der lurks close to women at all times. Seize
every servant that is within and bind him.
let none escape.”

  He swept a hand out toward the Pin-
daris in the street that were like a pack of
wolves. “ Up the hill—surround the pal-
ace! And guard every window and rat-
run!”

  The guard saluted, venturing: “ Com-
mander, none could have entered from out-
side to do the foul deed.”

   " Liar! Lazy sleeper!” He smashed with
his foot the hookah that sat on the marble
floor, its long stem coiled like a snake.
“ While you busied over such, and opium,
one has slipped by.”

  He reached out a powerful hand and
seized the shoulder of a Pindari and jerked
him to the step, commanding: “ Stay here
with this monkey of the tall trees, and see
that none pass. T go to the chief. When
the Afghan comes have him brought up.”
Hunsa had stood among the Pindaris.
shoved hither and thither as they surged
CASTE.

911

back and forth. Once the flat of a txdivar
had smote him across the back, but when
he turned his face to the striker who recog-
nized him as a man of privilege, one of
the amusers, he was allowed to remain.

  The startling cry: “ The chief has been
murdered! The Sultan is dead! ” swept out
over the desert sand that lay white in the
moonlight, and the night air droned with
the hum of fifty thousand voices that was
like the song of a world full of bees. And
the night palpitated with the beat of horses’
feet upon the hard sand and against the
stony ford of the parched river as the Pin-
dari horsemen swept to Rajgar as if they
rode in the sack of a city.

  Hoarse, full-throated cries calling the
curse of Allah upon the murderer were like
a deep-voiced hymn of hate—it was con-
tinuous.

  The bunnias, and the oilmen, and the
keepers of cookshops, hid their wares and
crept into dark places to hide. The flicker-
ing oil lamps were blotted out; but some
of the Pindaris had fastened torches to their
long spears, and the fluttering lights waved
and circled like shooting stars.

  Rajgar was a Sheol; it wras as if from the
teak forests and the jungles of wild mango
had rushed its full holding of tigers, and
leopards, and elephants, and screaming
monkeys.

  Soon a wedge of cavalry, a dozen wild-
eyed horsemen, pushed their way through
the struggling mob, at their head the jama-
dar bellowing: “ Make way—make the
road clean of your bodies.”

  ‘'They bring the Afghan!” somebody
cried and pointed to where Barlow7 sat
strapped to the saddle of his Beluchi mare.

  “ It is the one who killed the chief!” an-
other yelped; and the cries rippled along
from mouth to mouth; tulwars flashed in
the light of the lurid torches as they swept
upward at the end of long arms threaten-
ingly. But the jamadar roared: “ Back,
back! You’re like jackals snapping and
snarling. Back! If the one is killed how
shall we know the truth?”

  One, an old man, yelled triumphantly:
“ Allah be praised! A wisdom—a wisdom!
The torture, the horse-bucket and the hot
ashes! The jamadar will have the truth

out of the Afghan. Allah be praised! It
is a wisdom!”

  At the gate straps were loosed and Bar-
low was jerked to the marble steps as if he
had been a blanket stripped from the
horse’s back.

  “ It is the one, jamadar,” the guard de-
clared, thrusting his face into Barknv’s.

“ It is the Afghan. Beyond doubt there
will be blood upon his clothes—look to it,
jamadar.”

  “ We found the Afghan in the serai, and
he was attending to his horse as if about
to fly; beyond doubt he is the murderer
of our chief,” one who had ridden with the
jamadar said.

  “ Bring the murderer face to face with
his foul deed,” the jamadar commanded,
and clasped by both arms, pinioned, Bar-
low was pushed through the gate and into
the dim-lighted hall. In the scuffle of the
passing Hunsa sought to slip through, im-
pelled by a devilish fascination to hear all
that would be said in the death chamber.
If the case against the sahib were short and
decisive—perhaps they might slice him into
ribbons with their swords—Hunsa would
then have nothing to fear, and need not
attempt flight.

  But the guard swept him back with the
butt of his long smooth bore, crying:

“ Dog, where go you?” Then he saw that
it was Hunsa, the messenger of his chief’s
favorite—as he took the Gulab to be—and
he said: “ You cannot enter, Hunsa. It is a
matter for the jamadars alone.”

  At that instant the Gulab slipped
through the struggling groups in the street,
the Pindaris gallantly making way for her.
She had heard of the murder of the chief,
and had seen the dragging in of the Afghan
through the struggling mob.

  “ Let me go up, guard,” she pleaded.

  “ It is a matter for men,” he objected.
“ The jamadar would be angry, and my
sword and gun wTould be taken away and I
should be put to scrub the legs of horses if
I let you pass.”

  “ The jamadar will not be angry,” she
pleaded, “ for there is something to be said
which only I have knowledge of. It was
spoken to me by the chief. He had fear of
this Afghan, and, please, in the name of
912

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Allah, let Hunsa by, for, being alone, I
have need of him.”

  The soft, dark eyes pleaded stronger than
the girl’s words, and the guard yielded, half
reluctantly. To the young Pindari, he said,
“ Go you with these two, and if the jamadar
is for cutting off their heads, say that those
in the street pulled me from the doorway,
and these slipped through; 1 have no fancy
for the compliment of a sword on my neck.”
In the dim hallway two men stood guard-
ing the door to the chief’s chamber, and
when the man who had taken the Gulab
explained her mission, one of them said,
“ Wait you here. I will ask of Kassim
his pleasure.”

  Presently the guard returned. “ The
commander will see the woman, but if it
is a matter of trifling let the penalty fall
upon the guard below. The mingling of
women in an affair of men is an abomina-
tion in the sight of Allah.”

  When Bootea entered the chamber she
gave a gasping cry of horror. The chief
lay upon the floor, face downward, just as
he had dropped when slain, for Kassim had
said: “ Ajnir Khan is dead, may Allah
take him to his bosom, and such things as
we may learn of his death may help us to
avenge our chief. Touch not the body.”
Her entrance was not more than half ob-
served, for Kassim at that moment was
questioning the Afghan, who stood, a man
on either side of him, and two behind.

  He was just answering a question from
the commander and was saying: a I left
your chief with the peace of Allah upon
both our heads, for he gripped my hand in
fellowship, and said that we were two men.
Why should I slay one such who was ver-
itably a soldier, who was a follower of
Mahomet?”

  The man who had brought Barlow up to
Amir Khan w-hen he came for the audience,
said: “ Commander, I left this one, the
Afghan, here with the chief, and took with
me his sword and the short gun: he had no
weapons.”

“ InsJialla! It was but a pretense,” the
commander declared, “ a pretense to gain
the confidence of the chief, for he was slain
with his own knife. It was a Patan trick.”
The commander turned to the Afghan.

“ Why hadst thou audience with the chief
alone and at night here—what was the

mission?”

  Barlow hesitated. A slight hope that
might save his own life would be to de-
clare himself as a sahib and his mission;
but he felt sure that the chief had been
murdered because of this very thing, that
somebody, an agent of Nana Sahib, had
waited hidden, had killed the chief and
taken the paper. To speak of it would be
to start a rumor that would run across
India that the British had negotiated with
the Pindaris, and if the paper weren’t
found there—which it wouldn’t be—he
wouldn’t be believed. Better to accept the
roll of the dice as they lay, that he had lost,
and die as an Afghan rather than as an
Englishman, a spy, who had killed their
chief.

u Speak, Patan,” Kassim commanded;
“ thou dwellest overlong upon some he."

  “ There was a mission,” Barlow an-
swered. “ It was from my own people,
the people of Sind.”

  “ Of Sindhia?”

  “ No; from the land of Sind, Afghan-
istan. Wre ride not with the Mahrattas;
they are infidels, while we be followers of
the true Prophet.”

  “ Thou art a fair speaker, Afghan. And
was there a sealed message?”

  “ There was, Commander Sahib.”

  “ Where is it now?”

  “ I know not. It was left with Amir
Khan.”

  There was a hush of three seconds. Then
Kassim, whose eye had searched the room,
saw the iron box. “ This has a bearing
upon matters,” he declared; this affair of
a wTritten message. “ Open the box and see
if it is within,” he commanded a Pindari.

  “ How now, woman?” for the Gulab had
stepped forward. “ What dost thou here—
ah! There was talk of a message from the
chief. It might be, it might be, because ”
—his leonine face, full whiskered, the face
of a wild rider, a warrior, softened as he
looked at the slight figure—“ our noble
chief had spoken soft words of thee, and
passed the order that thou wert Begum,
that whatsoever thou desired was to be.”

  “ Commander,” Bootea said, and her

                         7 A
CASTE.

913

voice was like her eyes, trembling, vibrant,	tumult; then he asked, “ What art thou a

“ let me look upon the face of Amir Khan;	Patan, or as the woman says, an Englay?”

then there are things to be said that will	“ I am a sahib," Barlow answered, “ a

avenge his death in the sight of Allah.”	captain in the British service, and came to

   Kassim hesitated. Then he said, “ It	your chief with a written message of friend-

matters not—we have the killer.' And	ship.”

reverently, with his own hands, he turned	Kassim pointed to the blood on the floor,

the chiefon his back, saying softly, “In	“Thou wert a good messenger, infidel;

the name of Allah, thou restest better	thou hats slain a follower of the Prophet.”

thus.”	But Bootea raised a slim hand, and, her

   The Gulab, kneeling, pushed back the	voice trembling with intensity, cried:

black beard with her hand, and they	“ Commander, Amir Khan was not slain

thought she was making oath upon the	with the dagger; he was killed by the

beard of the slain man. Then she rose to	towel. Look you at his throat, and you

her feet, and spoke to Kassim:	will see the mark.”

“ There is one without—Hunsa. Bring	“ Bismillah!” came in a cry of astonish-

him here, and see that there is no weapon	ment from the commander’s throat, and the

upon him.”	marble walls of the surya-maJial (room of

   Kassim passed an order and Hunsa was	audience) echoed gasps and curses. Kas-

brought, his evil eyes turning from face to	sim himself had knelt by the dead chief,

face with the restless query of a caged	and now rising, said: “ By Allah! It is

leopard.	true. That dog—” His finger was thrust-

“ There is no paper, Commander Sahib,”	ing like a dagger at Barlow,

the jamadar said, returning from his search	But Bootea’s clear voice hushed the ris-

of the iron box.	ing clamor. “ Xo, commander, the sahibs

“ There was none such,” Kassim growled,	know not the thug trick of the roomal, and

“It was but a Patan lie; the message is	few thugs could have overcome the chief.”

yonder,” and he pointed to the smear of	“ Who, then, killed him—speak quick,

blood upon the marble floor.	and with the truth,” Kassim commanded.

   Then he turned to Bootea. “ Xow,	He was interrupted by one of Hunsa’s

woman, speak what is in thy mind, for this	guards, crying: “ Here, where go you?

is an affair of action.”	You had not leave! ’ And Hunsa, who had

   “ Commander Sahib,” Bootea began,	turned to slip away, was jerked back to

“ yonder man ”—and she pointed a slim	where he had stood.

hand toward Barlow—“ is not an Afghan;	“ It is that one,” Bootea declared, sweep-

he is a sahib.”	ing a hand toward Hunsa. “ About his

   This startling announcement filled the	waist is even now the yellow and white

room with cries of astonishment and anger;	roomal that is the weapon of Bhowanee.

tulwars flashed. Barlow shivered, not be-	With that he killed Amir Khan. Take it

cause of the impending danger, for he had	from him, and see if there be not black

accepted the roll of the dice, but at the	hairs from the beard of the chief in its soft

thought that Bootea was betraying him,	mesh.”

that all she had said and done before was	“ By the grace of Allah it is a truth!' the

nothing—a lie, that she was an accomplice	commander ejaculated when the cloth

in this murder of the chief, and was now	passed’to him had been examined. “ It is a

aiving the Pindaris the final convincing	revelation such as came to Mahomet, and

proof, the reason.	out of the mouth of a woman. Great is

   To deny the revelation was useless; they	Allah!”

would torture him, and he was to die any-	“ W ill the commander have Hunsa

way; better to die claiming to be a mes-	searched for the paper the sahib has spoken

>enger from the British rather than as one	of?' Bootea asked.

sent to murder the chief.	“ In his turban,” Kassim commanded.

   Kassim bellowed an order subduing the	“ In his turban, the nest of a thief’s loot
   8 A
914

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

or the hiding place of the knife of a mur-
derer. Look ye in his turban!”

  As the turban was stripped from the
head of Hunsa the Pindari gave it a whirl-
ing twist that sent its many yards of blue
muslin streaming out like a ribbon, and
the parchment message 'ell to the floor.

  “Ah-ha!” and a man, stooping, thrust
it into the hands of the commander.

   The Pindari who held the turban threw
it almost at the feet of Bootea, saying,
“ Methinks the slayer will need this no
more.”

   “ Bootea picked up the blue cloth and
rolled it into a ball, saying, “ If it is per-
mitted I will take this to those who en-
trusted Hunsa with this foul mission to
show them that he is dead.”

   “ A clever woman thou art—it is a wise
thought; take it by all means, for indeed
that dog’s head will need little when they
have finished with him,” the soldier agreed.

  Kassim had taken the written paper
closer to the light. At sight of the thumb
bloodstain upon the document, he gave a
bellow of rage. “ Look you all! ” he cried,
holding it spread out in the light of the
lamp. “ Here is our chief’s message to us
given after he was dead. He sealed it with
his thumb in his own blood, after he was
dead. A miracle, calling for vengeance.
Hunsa, dog, thou shalt die for hours—thou
shalt die by inches, for it was thee.”
Kassim held the paper at arm’s length
toward Barlow, asking: “ Is this the mes-
sage thou brought?”

   “ It is, commander.”

  Kassim whirled on Hunsa. “ Where
didst thou get it, dog of an infidel?”

  “ Without the gate of the palace, my
lord. I found it lying there where the sahib
dropped it in his flight.”

   “ Allah! Thou art a liar of brazenness.”
He spoke to a jamadar. “ Have brought
the leather nosebag of a horse and hot
ashes so that we may come by the truth.”
Then Kassim held the parchment close
to the lamp and scanned it. He rubbed a
hand across his wrinkled brow and pon-
dered. “ Beside the seal here is the name,
Rana Bhi,” and he turned his fierce eyes
on Barlow.

   “ Yes, commander; the rana has put his

 seal upon it that he will join his Rajputs
 writh the British and the Pindaris to drive
 from Me war Sindhia—the one whose De-
 wan sent Hunsa to slay your chief.”

   “ Thou sayst so, but how know I that
Hunsa is not in thy hand, and that thou
didst not prepare the way for the killing.
Here beside the name of the rana is drawn
a lance; that suggests an order to kill, a
secret order.” He turned to a sepoy. “ Bring
the Rajput, Zalim.”

   While they waited Bootea said: “ It was
 Nana Sahib who sent Hunsa and the de-
 coits to slay Amir Khan, because he feared
 an alliance between the chief and the
 British.”

   “And thou wert one of them?”

   “ I came to warn Amir Khan, and—”

   “ And what, woman? The decoits were
your own people?”

   “ Yonder sahib had saved my life-
saved me from the harem of Nana Sahib,
and I came to save his life and your
chief's.”

   Now there was an eruption into the
chamber, men carrying a great pot of hot
ashes, and one swinging from his hand the
nosebag of a horse; and with them was the
Rajput.

   “ Here,” Kassim said, addressing the
Hindu, “ what means this spear upon this
document? Is it a hint to drive it home?”
Zalim put his finger reverently upon
the rana’s signature. “ That, commander,
is the seal, the sign. I am a Chondawat,
and belong to the highest of the thirty-six
tribes of Mevvar, and that sign of the lance
was put upon state documents by Chonda.
It has been since that time—it is but a seal.
Even as that”—and Zalim proudly swung
a long arm toward the wall where a huge
yellow sun embossed on gypsum rested—
“ even that is an emblem of the Children of
the Sun, the Sesodias of Mewar, the rana.”
“ It is well,” Kassim declared. “ As to
this that is in the message, to-morrow, with
the aid of a mullah, we will consider it.
And now, as to Hunsa, we would have from
him the truth.”

   He turned to the Gulab. “ Go thou in
peace, woman, for our dead chief had high
regard for thee. And Captain Sahib, even
thou may go to thy abode, not thinking to
CASTE.

915

leave there, however, without coming to pay
salaams. Thou wouldst not get far.”

CHAPTER XXHI.

“ I WILL TELL WHAT I KNOW!”

WHEN the two bad gone Kassim
clapped his hands together. “ Now
then, for the ordeal, the search for
truth,” he declared.

  Hot wood ashes were poured into the
nosebag, and, protesting, cursing, strug-
gling, the powerful Bagree was dragged to
the center of the room.

  “ Who sent thee to murder Amir Khan?'*
Kassim asked.

  “ Before Bhowanee, prince, I did not kill
him! ”

  At a wave of Kassim's hand upward the
bag of ashes was clapped over the decoit’s
head, and he was pounded on the back to
make him breathe in the deadly dust. Then
the bag was taken off, and gasping, reeling,
he was commanded to speak the truth.
Once Kassim said: “ Dog, this is but gentle
means; torches will be bound to thy fingers
and lighted. The last thing that will re-
main to thee will be thy tongue, for we have
need of that to utter the truth.’’

  Three times the nosebag was applied to
Hunsa, like the black cap over the head of
a condemned murderer, and the last time,
rolling on the floor in agony, his lungs on
fire, his throat choked, his eyes seared like
hot coals, he gasped that he would confess
if his life were spared.

  " Dog!” Kassim snarled. “Thy life is
forfeit, but the torture will cease; it is re-
ward enough—speak!”

  But the Bagree had the obstinate cour-
age of a bulldog; the nerves of his giant
physical structure were scarce more vibrant
than those of a bull; as to the torture it
was but a question of a slower death. But
his life was something to bargain for. Half
dead from the choking of his lungs, with an
animal cunning he thought of this. It was
the one dominant idea in his numbed brain.
As he lay, his mighty chest pumping its
short, staccato gasps, Commander Kassim
said, “ Bring the dog of an infidel water
that he may tell the truth.”

  When water had been poured down the

Bagree’s throat, he rolled his bloodshot eyes
beseechingly toward the commander, and
in a voice scarce beyond a hoarse whisper,
said: “ If you do not kill me, prince, I will
tell what I know.”

   “ Tell it, dog,- then die in peace,” Kassim
snarled.

  But Hunsa shook his gorilla head, and
answered, “ Bhowanee help me, I will not
tell. If I die, I die with my spirit cast at

thy shrine.”

  Kassim stamped his foot in rage; and a
jamadar roared: “ Tie the torches to the
infidel’s fingers; we will have the truth.”
Half a dozen Ptndaris darted forward,
and poised in waiting for the command to
bind to the fingers of the Bagree oil-soaked
torches. But Kassim waved them back,
and stood, his brow wrinkled in pondering,
his black eyes sullenly fixed on the face of
the Bagree. Then he said: “ What this
dog knows is of more value to our whole
people, considering the message that has
been brought, than his worthless life that is
but the life of a swine.”

  He took a turn pacing the marble floor,
and with his eyes called a jamadar to one
side. “ These thugs, when they cast them-
selves in the protection of Kali, die like
fanatics, and this one is but an animal. Tor-
ture will not bring the truth. Mark you,
jamadar, I will make the compact with him.
Do not lead an objection, but trust me.”

  “ But the dead chief, commander—”

  “ Yes, because of him; he loved his peo-
ple. And the knowledge that yon dog has
he would not have sacrificed.”

  “ But is Amir Khan to be unavenged?”
the jamadar queried.

   “ Allah will punish yonder infidel for the
killing of one of the true faith. Go and
summon the officers from below and we will
decide upon this.”

  Soon a dozen officers were in the room,
and the sowars were sent away. Then Kas-
sim explained the situation, saying: “ A
confession brought forth by torture is often
a lie, the concoction of a mind crazed by
pain. If this dog, who has more courage
than feeling, sees the chance of his life he
will tell us the truth.”

  But they expostulated, saying that if
916

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 they let him go free it would be a blot upon
 their name.

   “ The necessity is great,” Kassim de-
 clared, “ and this I am convinced is the
 only way. We may leave this punishment
 to Allah, for Allah is great. He will not let
 live one so vile.”

   Finally the others agreed with Kassim,
 who said that he would take the full onus
 upon himself for not slaying the murderer,
 that if there were blame let it be upon his
 head. Then he spoke to Hunsa: “ This
 has been decided upon, dog, that if thou
 confess, reveal to us information that is of
 value to our people, the torture shall cease,
 and no man’s hand in the whole Pindari
 camp shall be raised against thee, either to
 wound or take thy life.”

    “ But the jail, Hazari Sahib?”

    “ No, dog, if thou but tell the truth in
 full, that we may profit, to-morrow you
 may go free, and if any man in the camp
 wounds you his life will pay for it. Till
 noon you may have for the going; even
 food for your start on the way back to the
 land of your accursed tribe. By the beard
 of the Prophet no man of all the Pindari
 force shall wound you. Now speak quick,
 for I have given a pledge.”

   There were murmurs among the jama-
 dars at Kassim’s terms, for their hearts
 were full of hate for the creature who had
 slain their loved chief. But Kassim was a
 man famous for his intelligence. In all the
 councils Amir Khan had been swayed by
 the hazari’s judgment. It was an accursed
 price to pay, they felt, but the chief was
 dead; to kill his slayer perhaps was not as
 great a thing as to have Hunsa’s confession
 written and attested to. All that vast horde
 of fierce-riding Pindaris and Bundoolas had
 been gathered by Amir Khan with the ob-
 ject of being a power in the war that was
 brewing—the war in which the Mahrattas
 were striving for ascendancy and the Brit-
 ish massing to crush the Mahratta horde.
 It had been Amir Khan’s policy to strike
 with the winning force; perhaps his big
 body of hard-riding sowars being the very
 power that would throw the odds to one or
 other of the contenders. Their reward
 would be loot, unlimited loot, so dear to
 the heart of the Pindari, and an assign-

    ment of territory. To know, beyond doubt,
 who had instigated the murder of the
 chief was precious knowledge. It might
 be, as the Gulab had said, Sindhia’s Dewan,
 but there was the English officer there at
 that time; and the message of friendship
 may have been a message of deceit, and
 the true object the slaying of Amir Khan,
 who was looked upon as a great leader.

   Hunsa had lay watching furtively the
 effect of the commander’s words upon the
 others.

    Then he spoke. “ I will tell the truth,
 Hazari, for thou hast given a promise in
 the name of Allah that 1 am free of death
 at the hands of thy people.”

    “ Wait, dog of an infidel!” Kassim com-
 manded. “ Quick, call the mullah to write
 the confession, for this is a sin to be washed
 out in much blood, and the proof must be
 at hand, so the guilty will have no plea for
 mercy. Also, it is a matter of secrecy. We
 here being officers will have it on our honor,
 and the mullah, because of his priesthood,
 will not speak of it. Also, he will bear wit-
 ness of its sanctity.”

   Soon a Pindari announced: “ Com-
 mander Sahib, here is the holy one,” and at
 a word from Kassim the priest unrolled his
 sheets of yellow paper, and sitting cross-
 legged upon a cushion with a salaam to
 the dead chief, dipped his quill in a little
 ink horn and held it poteed.

   Then Hunsa, his eyes all the time fur-
 tively wratching the scowling faces about
 him, fear and distrust in his heart over the
 gift of his life, but impelled by his know-
 ledge that it was his only chance, narrated
 the story of Nana Sahib and the Dewan s
 scheme to rid the Mahrattas of the leader
 they feared, Amir Khan; told that they
 knew that the British were sending over-
 tures for an alliance, but that fearing to
 kill the messenger—unless it could be done
 so secretly it would never be discovered
 they had determined to remove the chief.
 When he spoke of the other Bagrees, Kas-
 sim realized that in the excitement of fix-
 ing the murder upon one there they had
 forgotten his troop associates, and a hur-
 ried order was passed for their capture.

  Of course, it was too late; the others, at
 the first alarm, had slipped away.
CASTE.

917

  When the confession was finished, Kas-
sim commanded the mullah to rub his cube
of India ink over the thumb of the decoit,
and the mark was imprinted on the paper.

Then he was taken to one of the cave cells
cut out of the solid rock beneath the palace,
and imprisoned for the night.

  “ Come, jamadars,” Kassim said, and his
voice that had been so coarse and rough,
now broke, and sobs floated the words
scarcely articulate, “ and reverently let us
lay Amir Khan upon his bed. Then,
though there be no call of the muezzin, we
will kneel here, even without our prayer
carpets, and pray to Allah for the repose of
the soul of a true Musselman and a great
warrior. May his rest be one of peace! ”

  He passed his hand lovingly over the face
of the chief and down his beard, and his
strong, fearless eyes were wet.

  Then Amir Khan was lifted by the jama-
dars and carried to a bed in the room that
adjoined the surya mahal.

  When they had risen from their silent
prayer, Kassim said: “ Go you to your
tents. I will remain here with the guard
who watch.”

CHAPTER XXIV.

THE FREEDOM OF HUNSA.

CAPTAIX BARLOW and Bootea had
gone from the scene of the murder
through the long, dimly lighted hall,
its walls broken here and there by niches
of mystery, some of them closed by marble
fretwork screens that might have been
doors, and down the marble stairway, in
silence. Barlow had slipped a hand under
her arm in the way of both physical and
mental sustaining. His fingers tapped her
arm in affectionate approbation. Once he
muttered to himself in English, “ Splendid
girl!” and not comprehending, the Gulab
turned her star eyes upward to his face.

  At the gate the soldier who had accom-
panied them spoke to the guard, and the
latter, standing on a step, bellowed: “ Ho,
ye Pindaris, here goes forth the Afghan in
innocence of the foul crime! Above they
have the slayer, who was Hunsa the thug;
and praise be to Allah! They will apply

the torture. Let him pass in peace, all ye.
And take care that no one molest the beau-
tiful Gulab. The peace of Allah upon the

soul of the great Amir Khan!”

  A rippling thunder of deep voices vi-
brated the thronged street, crying, “ Allah
Akbar! The peace of God be upon the soul

of the dead chief!”

  A lane was opened up to them by the
grim, wild-eyed, bandit-looking horsemen,
tulwar over shoulder and knives in belt,
who called: “ Back ye! The favored of
the commander passes. Back, make way!
Tis an order.”

  The faces of the soldiers that had been
wreathed in revenge and blood lust when
Barlow had been brought, were now
friendly, and there were cries of “ Salaam,
brother! Salaam, flower of the desert!”
for it had been spread that the Gulab had
discovered the murderer, had denounced
him.

  “ Brave little Gulab!” Barlow said in a
low voice, bending his head to look into
her eyes, for he felt the arm trembling
against his hand.

  She did not answer, and he knew that she
was sobbing.

  When they were past the turbulent crowd
he said, “ Bootea, your people will all have
fled or been captured.”

  “ Yes. sahib” she gasped.

  “ Perhaps even your maidservant will
have been taken.”

  “ No, sahib, they would not take her;
her home is here.”

  By her side he traveled to where the now
deserted tents of the decoits stood silent
and dark, like little pagodas of sullen crime.
A light flickered in one tent, and silhou-
etted against its canvas they could see the
form of a woman crouched with her head
in her hands.

  “ The maid is there,” Barlow* said, “ but
it is not enough. I will bring my blankets
and sleep here at the door of your tent.”

  “ No, sahib, it is not needed,” the girl
protested.

  “ Yes, Bootea, I will come.” Then, with
a little laugh, he added, “ The gods have
ordained that we take turns at protecting
each other. It is now my turn; I will come
soon.”
918

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  She turned her small oval face up to
look at this wonderful man, to discover if
he were really there, that it was not some
kindly god who would vanish. He clasped
the face, with its soul of adoration, in his
two palms, and kissed her. Then, fearing
that she would fall, for she had closed her
eyes and reeled, he took her by the arm,
opened the flap of the tent, and steadied
her into the arms of her handmaid.

   It was a fitful night’s sleep for Barlow.
 The beat of horses’ hoofs on the streets or
 the white sands beyond was like the patter
 of rain on a roof. There were hoarse, bull-
 throated cries of men who rode hither and
 thither; tremulous voices floated on the
 night air wild dirges, like the weird Afghan
 love song. Sometimes a long smooth-bore
 barked its sharp call. At sunrise the cap-
 tain was roused from this tiring sleep by
 the strident, weird, sing-song of the mullah
 sending forth from a minaret of the palace
 his call to the faithful to prayer—prayer for
 the dead chief. And when the voice had
 ceased its muezzin;

   “Allah Akbar, Allah Akbar;

   Confess that there is no God hut God;

   Confess that Mahomet is the prophet of God;

   Come to prayer, come to prayer,

   For prayer is better than sleep,"

the big drums sent forth a thundering re-
verberation.

  He could hear the voices of the two
women within, and called, “ Bootea!
Bootea! ”

  The Gulab came shyly from the tent,
saying, “ Salaam, sahib." Then she stood
with her eyes drooped, waiting for him to
speak.

   “ It is this, Bootea,” Barlow said. “ Do
not go away until I am ready to depart,
then I will take you wherever you wish
to go.”

   “ If it is permitted, sahib, I will wait,”
 she answered as simply as a child.

   Barlow put a finger under her chin, and
lifting her face, smiled like a great boy, say-
ing, “ Gulab, you are wonderfully sweet.”

  Then Barlow went to the serai, looked
after his horse, had his breakfast, and
passed back into the town. He saw a con-
tinuous stream of men moving toward the

 small river that swept southward, to the
 east of the town, and asking of one the
 cause he was told that the murderer—for

 now Hunsa was known as the ahtria—mur-
 derer—was being sent on his way. The
 speaker was a Rajput. “ It is strange, Af-
 ghan, that one who has slain the chief of
 these wild barbarians, who are without
 gods, should be allowed to depart in peace.
 We Rajputs worship a god that visits the
 sin upon the head of the sinner, but the or-
 der has been passed that no man shall harm
 the slayer of Amir Khan. Perhaps it is
 whispered in the bazaar that Commander
 Kassim coveted the chiefship.”

    Barlow, being in the guise of a Mussul-
 man, said solemnly: “ Allah will punish the
 murderer, mark you well, man of Rajas-
 than.”

   “ As to that, Afghan, one stroke of a
 tulwar would put the matter beyond doubt;
 as it is, let us push forward, because I see
 from yonder steady array of spears that the
 Pindaris ride toward the river, and I think
 the prisoner is with them. It was one
 Hunsa, a thug, and though the thugs wor-
 ship Bhowanee, they are worse than the
 mhangs who are of no caste at all.”

   As Barlow came to where the town
 reached to the river bank he saw that the
 concourse of people was heading south
 along the river. This was rather strange,
 for a bridge of stone arches traversed by
 the aid of two islands the Xahal to the
 Other side. A quarter of a mile lower down
 he came to where the river, that above wan-
 dered in three channels over a rocky bed,
 now glided sluggishly in one channel. It
 was like a ribboned lake, smooth in its slow
 slip over a muddy bed, and circling in a
 long sweep to the bank. On the level plain
 was a concourse of thousands—horsemen,
 who sat their lean-flanked Marwari or
 Cabul horses, as though they waited to
 swing into a parade, the march past. The
 sowars he had seen in the town were in front
 of Barlow, riding four abreast, and at a
 command from their leader, opened up and
 formed a scimitar-shaped band, their
 horses’ noses toward the river. As he came
 close Barlow saw Kassim in a group of
 officers, and Hunsa, a soldier on either side
 of him, was standing free and unshackled in
CASTE.

919

front of the commander. Save for the
clanking of a bit, or the clang of a spear-

haft against a stirrup, or the scuffle of a
quick-turning horse’s hoofs, a silence rested
upon that vast throng. Wild, barbaric
faces held a look of expectancy, of wonder-
ment, for no one knew why the order had
been passed that they were to assemble at
that point.

  Kassim caught sight of Barlow as he
drew near, and raising his hand in a salute,
said: “ Come close, sahib. The slayer of
Amir Khan, in accordance with my prom-
ise, is to go from our midst a free man. His
punishment has been left to Allah, the one
God.”

  Without more ado he stretched forth his
right arm impressively toward the murky
stream, where it rippled at some disturb-
ance carried on its bosom ribbons of gold
where the sun fell, saying:

  “ Yonder lies the way, infidel, strangler,
slayer of a follower of the Prophet! De-
part, for failing that, it lacks but an hour

dll the sun reaches overhead, and thy time
will have elasped—thou will die by the tor-
ture. You are free, even as I attested by
the beard of the Prophet. And more, what
is not in the covenant ”—Kassim drew
from beneath his rich, brocaded vest a dag-
ger, its blade still carrying the dried blood
of the chief—■“ this is thine to keep thy vile
life if you can. Seest thou if the weapon
is still wedded to thy hand. It is that thou
goest hand in hand with thy crime.”

  He handed the knife to a soldier with a
word of command, and the man thrust it
in the belt of Hunsa.

  Even as Kassim ceased speaking two
round bubbles floated upon the smooth
waters of the sullen river, and above them
was a green slime; then a square shovel just
topped the water, and Barlow could hear,
issuing from the thing of horror, a breath
like a sigh. He shuddered. It was a
square-nosed mugger—crocodile — waiting.
And beyond, the water here and there
swirled, as if a powerful tail swept it.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK

IN AN OLD HOME

 *T*HE thoughts of other days they keep;

      They will not brook a newer thing.

 From smoke-stained rafters, where they sleep,
   The boneset and lobelia swing;

 The old-time carpet on the floor,

 The hair-cloth sofa, straight and grim;
 While from those fallsWatch evermore
 Ancestral portraits, quaint and dim.

 And yet their rooms a lurking power
    Of sleep to wakeful eyelids bear,

 As if some dream-filled poppy-flower
 Had died, and left its essence there.

 A strange allurement, where my heart

    Feels all earth’s hopes and pleasures cease;

 Yet finds, from modern ways apart,

 A refuge, and a sense of peace.

Cora A. Matson Dolson.
By GEORGE B. JENKINS, JR.

  I’VE got a story for you,” Eddie an-
nounced importantly as he dropped
into a chair beside me in the Automat.
1 had dropped into this nickel-nursers’ Del-
monico for a cup of Java and a little rest.

  “ Spill the story, Eddie,” I suggested
amiably. Every one who knows I once en-
tered a newspaper’s booklovers’ contest
thinks I am an author. Eddie, who ill-
treats a wicked snare drum in the orchestra
of the Palatial Theater, has often told me
that he would write some of the things he’s
seen if he could ever find the time.

  Thirty minutes later I came out of a
doze. Eddie was evidently on the final lap
of the story. After the first hundred words
I knew we were both wasting our time, but
I didn’t have the courage to smear the glow
of happiness in his eyes. He thought the
yarn he was telling was a million dollars in
Liberty bonds, but to my mind it wasn’t
worth keeping awake to hear.

“ And that busted up the romance. Ali-
cia took the baby and went weeping back

to father. Gordon said, 1 You may be my
mother, but I think you’re a meddling old
hag. If you’d kept your mouth shut, I
wouldn’t have shot him.’ Then he leaped
for New York, shipped on a tramp as a
common sailor, and never came back. How
could he, after what had happened?

   “ Well, the old dame sold all the furni-
ture in the apartment,” Eddie concluded.
“ went down to Atlantic City and vamped
an ancient gent on the boardwalk. He had
a soft spot in the bean, and he married her
before the courts could say he was insane.
Now the old dame is worth millions. What
d’you think of that?"

   “ Rotten,” I replied mournfully. “ The
thing is absurd and unbelievable. Why,
you’ve made a woman deliberately ruin her
son’s life! And then marry money after-
ward! Tt may be true, Eddie, and every-
thing, but I wouldn't send that to a maga-
zine on a bet The dear public likes to
think of mothers as nice, sweet, white-
haired old ladies; they don’t want to admit

930
BROADWAY STUFF.

921

that mothers are just as selfish as men

are.”

“Some of them are worse!” Eddie de-
clared heatedly. “ Why, I could tell

you—”

  “ Don’t,” I interrupted. “ I’m going to
go home and write the story about the poor
girl who marries the young millionaire.
That yarn has been printed seven times a
month for the last five years. It’s what the
public wants, and I’m going to give it to
them.”

  Eddie groaned, and sipped his coffee si-
lently. His eyes traveled over the queer
crowd that inhabits the Automat. Song
writers who have never sold a song, moving
picture actors who have never been filmed,
weird-looking people who were born and
raised in New York City, smart, well-
dressed people from the Middle West, a
chorine or two, stage hands from near-by
theaters, soda fountain clerks and their
sweeties just from the opera, college pro-
fessors newly produced from a moving pic-
ture show.

  “ You gimme acute indigestion with that
chatter,” he said at last. “ I read a maga-
zine once, and it wasn’t half as interesting
as the joshing in the cigar store. Why
don’t you write some of the things that
have happened to me? They’d make a
good story; better than the ones they print
in magazines.”

  1 had heard this sort of remark before,
and I knew what he meant. Unfortunate-
ly the sort of things that had happened to
him were more suitable for publication in
the Smoking Room Gazette than in a mag-
azine that was supposed to travel through
the mails.

  “ There’s stuff happening on Broadway
every day,” he persisted, “ that makes the
magazine stories pale and sickly. Now,
take the case of—”

  “ Wait a minute! Is this sweet and
pretty? No devilish mothers in it? No
cold-blooded murders? No—”

  “ Pin your ears back and listen,” Eddie
interrupted. “ Here’s men and women.
They eat, sleep, fight. They fall in love.
What’s a murder or two?”

  “ I’ll cut the murders out,” I murmured,
but Eddie was off.

  “ She was Spanish, she said, but I always
thought that square-jawed kind came from
somewhere in Hungary, or one of those hick
nations that have got names you can’t pro-
nounce. But Lolita de Soto was different
from the usual run of hunkies.

  “ For one thing, she had small feet and
ankles, and a tiny mouth. But it wrasn’t
anything about her looks that got her over,
though the photographs in the Clipper made
her look different—and interesting—in a
queer way. No; Lolita got by on clothes,
and—the thing that one woman in ten
thousand gets from the devil.

  “ It makes a man stare, and then start
in her direction. I’ve seen her drift out of
her hotel and just pass across the sidewalk,
and men walking along in a hurry would
skid to a stop. Lolita had it—she was like
that girl you saw in the subway train last
week; the girl you saw for a bit of a sec-
ond, and that you’ll remember for the rest
of your life.

  “ Clothes? She had ’em by the dozen!
Anything she put on looked a thousand
times better than it would look on any
other woman in the .world. That’s what
Broadway thought, particularly Chet Van
Wert. And she drew down what she could,
which was much, and she played around as
much as she liked, which was much, and
the Van Werts got worried.

  “ For Chet backed Lolita in a couple of
flivver shows; that is, the shows fliwered,
but they were in the Rolls-Royce class
when it came to cost and upkeep. You
know the sort of chatter that flits about
Broadway about the angel of a show; well.
I’m not saying a thing, because I’m busy
concealing my own crimes.”

  “ Eddie, when does something happen in
this story?” I asked sadly. “ Are you going
to drift into autobiography?”

  “ Not to you,” he said, grinning; “ what-
ever that is. I’m busy telling you about
Lolita, Chet, and the bulldog-faced boy
from Montana.

  “ Montana was first seen in Row A, Seat
101, on the first night of the third show*
Chet had purchased for Lolita. Everybody
in the cast got into the gravy, to say noth-
ing of the lad who staged it, the scene paint-
ers, the costumers, the ushers, and the or-
922

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

cbestra. I played the drums, and I got
round-shouldered from carrying my weekly
jack home. Why don’t they grow free
spenders like that now?”

  “ They grow,” I assured him. “ I sold
a story last week.”

  “ The editor ought to be fired,” Eddie
commented. “ Anyway, Montana occupied
the same seat during the first week the
show ran, and sent invitations around for
every one in the company to come out to
his country place for the week-end; Sat-
urday night to Monday afternoon. Those
that went raved all during Monday night’s
performance. Of course Lolita didn’t go.
Too proud! Boy, they talked about the
sunken garden, and the reception hall, and
the guest chambers as though they’d never
lived in a sixth-floor back walk-up.

  “ I should whisper about Lolita?” Eddie
inquired, and then answered his own ques-
tion: “ Not in a million years! I do know
that Dan Reilly, the usher, took a note to
Montana on Tuesday evening. The human
bulldog was in the same seat; he had no
difficulty in getting it. Outside of the cut-
price theatergoers, relatives of the chorus
girls, and the ushers^ the theater was empty.

  “ On the following day I heard further
details. Lolita eame in. and that Wednes-
day evening performance was a scorcher.
On the stage die was sweet and lovely; back
stage she raised hell. She battled with the
he-lead, she slapped a chorus girl, she sassed
the stage manager, and she insulted every-
body in the cast.

  “ Chet Van Wert came around with his
usual armful of flowers. She was icily po-
lite to him, and he started to talk to Maida
Warren, a chorus lady. Lolita saw them,
and—the volcano erupted.

  “ ‘ That girl spoils the entire show, I
think,’ Lolita began, calmly. Then she
stared at Maida ten, twenty, thirty seconds.

4	Get her out of here! ’

  “ There was more to it, but we won't re-
peat the unpleasant part.

   “ ‘ I’ve invited her to go to dinner with
us to-night,’ says Chet, after Lolita had
stopped for breath. ‘ My friend Bob
Adams, from Montana, wants to meet her.’
“ Now Lolita had tried to meet Montana,
but he had ignored her note. Since she had

not been telephoned by the gent, Lolita felt

humiliated. Her annoyance wasn’t both-
ered much by the news that Maida was the
chick that Montana was coming to the show

to see.

  “ But Lolita thought fast. Adams from
Montana had turned her down, and that
made her like him. Women, you know,
like to be snubbed by a man. I remem-
ber—”

  “ Just a moment, Eddie. All the women
I’ve snubbed,” I said, “ have mstandy
snubbed me. Don’t generalize about

women.”

  “ Leave it lay. Let’s get on. Women
don’t follow rules, anyhow.

  “ So Lolita thought that she’d switch.
Immediately after ordering Chet to dis-
charge Maida, Lolita rushed over and they
embraced.

   “ ‘ Oh, I’m so glad you’re going to din-
ner with us, dear!’ That’s what Lolita
chortled. And maybe she got by with it;
I dunno.

  “ Far be it from me to pass a remark
about a lady. I know what Lolita was
after, and so do you. Chet Van Wert was
a good guy; a little loose with his money;
bugs about Lolita. But Lolita had heard
whispers that the family was going to give
Chet the razz, and she was looking for an-
other gent with gelt. From the booze, fa-
vors, autos, and et cetera, at Montana’s
country home, he must own a mint. So it
looked to Lolita, and I thought the same.

   “ After the theater I whanged a sneering
triangle in one of those all-night supper
clubs. Naturally, since it was the newest
and most expensive in New York, the party
of four went there. Lolita looked like what
she wras; Maida looked like what she was.
There was some contrast at that table.

  “ Chet Van Wert, young, clean-cut,
nicked a little by the bright lights; Adams
from Montana, heavy, thick-set, bulldog
face, prosperous; Lolita, jewels and more
jewels, a dress that shrieked, complexion—
too much, perfumed, blase and superior;
Maida, trim, smart, very faint complexion,
wearing a coat suit and a little frill of white
at her throat and wrists.

  “ I leave it to you to say who made a
hit. Before, Lolita had used her head: she
BROADWAY STUFF.

923

had monopolized Chet, or taken care that
he met her sort of women. Now, for the
first time, young Van Wert saw Lolita and
the other sort together.

  “ Montana had the same idea. From the
orchestra stand, where I whanged the tri-
angle and other utensils of my profession,
I could see that party of four. And Lolita,
with all her pep, personality, and passion-
ate clothes, was merely a good second. Not
an easy first, but a good second.

  “ But we never want what we can get.
Montana gave his entire attention to Maida,
but that penniless little chorine gave him—
nothing! She shed sweet smiles at Chet
Van Wert, and he looked more than mildly
interested, but not much more. He was
still somewhat under Lolita’s charm. And,
considering the length of time she had held
him hog-tied, and the stunts she’d pulled in
the meanwhile, he would be backing her in
more shows.

  “ Lolita, of course, was after new game,
new wealthy game. Adams of the bulldog
face was being tracked down. Nobody else
in that restaurant saw what was going on.
They just looked like a party of four, mixed
like most parties of four are, having supper
together.

I would have missed the rest of this
except for Alexandre, the head waiter there.

‘ Mr. Adams, at that table,’ he says to me,
leaving off the French accent because I
knew him when he was Alex, son of the
town druggist, ‘ wants a case taken up to
his apartment. Want to make ten on the
side, Eddie?’

  " I nodded, glad of the chance. It meant
chaperoning a case of regular stuff in a taxi
somewhere, me taking all chances of getting
pinched and so on. That’s where those rich
guys have it all over the poor—”

  “ Omit the sociology, Eddie,” I entreated.
“ I can hear that sort of a speil on the street
corner any night.”

  “ Well, I said all right. About three or
four, or some time, when the place began to
get rough, Lolita and her gang blew. They
all seemed to be O. K., though not pleased.
Isn’t it funny how booze makes you feel
worse if you feel bad. and better if you feel
good?

  ‘*4 grabbed one end of a case of Haig

and Haig, imported from Canada at night,
and bought a taxi. The chauffeur of my
machine tried to drive me up a dark street
so he could hold me up, and I had to shove
a gat in his spine before he’d slow down
from sixty an hour. But I got to the apart-
ment at last, and just in time to have seven
chills at once.

  “ ‘ Where’ll you have the sudden death?’
says I, pleasantly, dragging in the case.

  “ Chet was glued and mussy. He want-
ed to fight somebody.' It was a peach of an
apartment, and there was but one peach in
the room. That was Maida, and it looked
odd that she’d stuck with that crowd so
long.

  “ In about ten minutes Chet would be
wrestling with the furniture, if he couldn’t
get a scrap from any one. Lolita, looking
like she’s look in ten years, was standing
next to Montana. He was giving her a
sour glare. There was a mean curl to
Adams’s mouth that I didn’t like.

  “ Nobody answered; so I tried again.

* WTiere’s the cellar in this place? Or shall
I leave it here?’

   “ ‘ I was promised ten,’ says I, * and taxi
fare. That makes it twelve fifty.’

  “1 Borrow your gun, Adams,’ said Chet,
picking up a black automatic from the table.

‘ Think I’ll make this bootlegger sing a
song.’ Then he turns to me: ‘ Sing “ Sweet
Adeline,” ’ says he, weaving over closer.

  “ I stood there like a dumb fool. 1 I can’t
turn a tune,’ says I. ‘ Sorry. Twelve fifty,
gents, and I’ll wander.’

   “ ‘ Liar! ’ said Chet, and slaps me with his
open hand. ‘ Sing.’ And he lifts his hand
again.

  “ I don’t mind telling you that made me
mad. Before I had decided that Chet
should have one on the point of the jaw—
job or no job—Maida butted in. She caught
Chet’s hand and turned him around.

  “ ‘ Don’t be silly,’ says she. ‘ Let the
man—’	t

  “ That was when Chet was silly. I heard
a funny kind of gasp from him. He was
pointing like a hunting dog. There across
the room from him, in a regular moving
picture clutch, was Lolita and Adams from
Montana.

  “ I don’t know what most people would
924

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

do, but I know what Chet did. He had a
gun in his hand, and he had some sort of
right to Lolita. That woman would knock
your eye out, and Chet had shed a lot of
the family fortune, battled with his family,
and generally raised shrieking hell on her
account. W7ell, it looked like she was plan-
ning to toss him.

   “ ‘ What—Lolita! ’ he says, in a sort of a
scared whisper.

     I’ve told you that she wasn’t particular
in her language. ' Take that little chick and
get out,’ says she, only she didn’t call Maida
a chick. ‘ I’m through with you,’ says she.

   “ That automatic did make a lot of noise.
I just stood there, with my mouth open, and
listened to it spit. One, two, three! Chet
gave him the trio while Montana came to-
ward him.

   “ I’ve got to give that Western guy credit.
He’d stagger, but he kept on coming. W’hen
he reached the table he seemed to crumple
up and fall sidewise. He turned over a
couple of inkwells, and his hand went to
his heart.

  “ After a while I closed my mouth. I
had to. I felt the round muzzle of Chet’s
revolver sticking in my side. But Chet
didn’t have the gun. It was Maida.

   “ ‘ Don’t make a sound,’ says she. ‘ Keep
your mouth shut, and lead the way to the
taxi. I’m going to get Chet out of this.’

  “ You can bet I stepped softly. I took
one glance at Lolita, and saw her staring
at the gentleman on the table. By now
Chet was a white ghost; all the booze was
out of him. He clung to Maida’s hand like
a frightened kid.

  “ ‘ Go upstairs,’ says Maida when we
reached the hall, ‘ and push the button for
the elevator.’ We all climbed up one flight,
just as doors began to open. We were
standing there, me jamming the button
when an old guy, wearing a nightshirt—I
didn’t know anybody wore one of them now
—poked his head out of the door.

  “ 1 W'hat’s the matter? Burglars?’ says
he.

  “ I couldn’t say a word, but Maida was
calm enough.

   “ 1 That’s a taxi back firing,’ says she.

‘ He’s been having trouble with his car.’

  “ Well, it was lucky we were upstairs.

Lolita, on the floor below, let loose the loud-
est collection of shrieks I’ve ever heard. Of
course we three didn’t know anything about
it. W’hen the elevator finally came up to
our floor there was a crowd around her, lis-
tening to her scream. And so we got Chet
to the Grand Central Station without any
trouble at all.”

   Eddie sighed and looked reflectively at
his empty coffee cup. “ There's a good
story for you,’’ he said. “ Why don’t you
write that and sell it to a magazine?”

   “ Oh, for about a dozen reasons,” I re-
plied. “ I’ve listened to you, but— Look
at what you’ve given me! A man kills an-
other man and escapes. That’s no good.
I’m going to write the story’ of the poor girl
who marries the rich young man. Ever}’
magazine prints that story ever so often. I
need nourishment, Eddie.”

  He smiled in a superior and extremely
irritating manner. “ You’ve got me wrong,”
he declared. “ That’s the way with you
bum writers; you listen, but you don’t
hear.” He shook his head sadly. “ He
eats, he sleeps, he talks. He looks like a
human being, but—that’s all. Your head
should be used as the corner stone of a
mausoleum.”

   “ You can say what you like,” I retorted,
a trifle brusquely. “ I never argue with a
man twenty pounds heavier and ten years
younger. But the story you told me is
hopeless! If you don’t write the story of
the poor girl who marries a rich young
man, you’ve got to write the story with a
tw-ist on the end. Now, you haven’t given
me either.”

   Eddie gazed mournfully at the ceiling of
the Automat. I looked upward also and
saw it for the first time. At last he spoke.

   “ At times,” he remarked reflectively, “ I
believe you have the mental development of
a moving picture actor, but at other times I
am doubtful. Take the story I have just
told you, for instance. There’s about a
dozen words more to it.

   “ W hen the gang in the apartment house
came into Montana’s place, they expected
to see his dead body lying on the table But
it wasn’t there. And it wasn’t on the floor
under the table. And it wasn’t in the
room, either.
BROADWAY STUFF.

925

  “ So some of them says: 1 Home-made
hooch,’ and the rest of them says: ‘ My
God! Ghosts'.’ and the gang blows, leaving
Lolita to pick up her wraps and go home
alone. She made a quick exit.

   “ 1 rode in the taxi to the Grand Central
 Station, while Chet tells Maida how grate-
 ful he is for her saving him from the con-
 sequences of his awful crime. They get
 out, and I buy two tickets for California,
 and comes back to the apartment. Mon-
 tana has just finished washing his hands,
 and was climbing into a clean shirt.

   “ ‘ Well/ says he, * did it work?’

 “ ‘ Perfect,’ says I, and we shake hands.
 “ And the next day Mrs. Van Wert,
 Chet’s mother, pays us off. I’ve got that
 gat in my room now; I’ll show it to you
 some time.”

  “You were paid off!” I exclaimed.
“ Was this whole thing a frame-up?”

   “ Sure,” Eddie replied in a long-suffer-
 ing voice. “ I’ll explain it to you four
 times, and maybe you’ll understand it next
 week. Mrs. Van wanted to get Chet away
 from Lolita. She borrowed the country

estate and the apartment from a friend so
that Montana could make a splash. Adams
from Montana is a friend of mine who
works daytimes, sometimes, on the police
force. He’s supposed to be a detective.
The gun was not loaded; it was filled with
blanks. Adams dabbled his fingers in red
ink, and made red marks on his shirt.
Maida was in on the scheme, though neither
Chet or Lolita knew it.” Eddie sighed
deeply and began again: “ Mrs. Van wanted
to get Chet—” He patiently repeated the
same words over and over again.

  “ I get it!” I howled at last. “ I under-
stand! Don’t tell me that again!”

  Eddie lighted a cigarette and we rose, for
smoking is not permitted in the Automat.
“ And if you must write the story of the
poor girl who marries a rich guy—”

  “ I know!” I interrupted. “ You bought
two tickets for California. Maida was a
poor little chorus girl, but Chet married
her and they lived—”

  “ Sure,” said Eddie. “ Isn’t that a peach
of a story?”

  What do you think?

TENANTED

M

 Y heart was an empty castle,
 Wide open swung the doors,
 And the cold wind blew.
 And the rain beat through
 And trickled on the floors.

 The sacred room was vacant,
 But a cherub came to see—
 A smiling thing,

 With downy wing—
 And lo, I turned the key!

 And now the hall is lighted
 From basement to above.

      And the door’s barred tight
      Both day and night,

 To keep it warm for love.

Margaret Severance.
By JOHN SCHOOLCRAFT

Author of “Let the Wedding Wait,” etc.

CHAPTER XXI (continued).

HIGH FINANCE.

SPRINGTIME! It’s wonderful—it’s
marvelous! I knew it—I knew you
could do anything in the world you
put your mind to!”

The inventor shook his head.

“ It’s all right—but it takes two people
to run it, and I'm not two people. And that
father of yours is due for one big panning
from somebody! I tried to get a loan from
him to hire somebody and he kidded me on
and on until I spilled myself all over the
place and then told me to get to hell out
of there! Oh, my good gosh! If only he
worked for me sometime!”

He walked gloomily to the machine, and
with one strong wrench, tore the hopper off.

This story began in

 Kitty clasped him with both of her arms

 and almost screamed.

 “Springtime! You mustn't! It’s won-
 derful!”

 “ What's the use? I can’t turn with one
 hand and pick with the other, can I? And
 I haven’t the coin to hire any one.”

 Kitty looked at him—and then laughed.
 “ Silly old Springtime! just as though
 I wouldn’t turn the crank or blow up a
 bank or do anything to help you. There
 isn’t anything about this crank turning that
 I couldn't master, is there?”

 Springtime shook his head.

 “ Couldn’t be done.”

 “ Why not?”

 “ Well, it couldn’t, that’s all.”

                “ You could hire me to do it,” said Kitty,
                “ and pay me when you got the money.

the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for September 30.
            ga6
928

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 stead he slapped his thigh and guffawed in
 his best stable manner:

   “ Do you know what you remind me of?
These guys that pflay tunes on a table full
of bells. You know—” and he gave an
exceedingly broad imitation of the vaude-
ville performer, who with bells of all
tongues and sizes spread out before him,
plays “ Poet and Peasant.”

   Springtime did not stop; he smiled, for
Osborne had the gift of caricature, but
went on with his bell ringing. Then the old
man took out his watch and looked at it,
shook it, and held it to his ear.

   “ Son, you must be sick,” he said; “ it’s
eight minutes past twelve. Didn’t you hear
the whistles blow?”

   Apparently Osborne was ignoring Kitty
rather pointedly. She stopped turning the
crank and stretched herself cautiously,
rubbed her elbows and forearms and shook
herself. Her father, without any reference
to her as his daughter, said: “ Always keep
your help comfortable. Never coddle them.
This girl ought to have a chair to sit in.”
Springtime looked his contrition, and
Kitty walked past her father without a
glance. The old man knew just how far
he could go with Kitty and there was a
spark in her eye that told him this was one
of the times when he ought to keep still.
Springtime was rather elaborate in the way
he settled the beans down on the half-full
sack and in the way he pushed the full one
back so that the door could swing farther
than it had ever swung before, but if he
hoped to draw some favorable comment
from the old man it did not work.

  At noon he carried a chair down and
made a hay cushion for Kitty out of a grain
sack. When she was comfortable, there
was nothing to stop him for the rest of the
afternoon, and he set out to make a record.
AH afternoon while the sun spots crawled
across the floor and up the walls Kitty
clung to the handle, stopping only when
Springtime carried away a full sack, or to
fill the hopper, which he did as though he
were carrying buckets of water to a fire.
The bouncing of the black beans, and the
purring song of the good ones spurred him
on as a chanty spurs on a sailor.

   Neither spoke, except that at periodic

intervals Springtime asked if she were tired,
and Kitty said: “No, no! Don’t stop! ’
All afternoon his fingers flew like those of
an expert needle woman, and when a big
bag was full he tied it and juggled it out of
sheer happiness.

  When the plow works whistle blew and
Kitty slumped down in the chair, six bushels
were finished altogether; one by hand in
four days and five by machine in one day.
Springtime reckoned that what with the
stops he had had to make this was not a
sample, working day and that with uninter-
rupted time he could finish within three
more days. Free to follow the trials of his
fancy—free except for one thing, the loyal
Kitty who had stuck by the handle as a
mother sticks to a crib. In spite of his
success he felt that he was not the man to
make her happy, and as the unculled beans
diminished so the wandering half of him
began to shout for its rights.

  “ I wish,” said Kitty as she got out of
the chair, “ that you could top dad in get-
ting a good price for these beans. He al-
ways gets the top of the market, and he’s
as proud of it as a man could be of any-
thing. If you could get a cent or two above
him he would respect you more than he
does any one.”

  “ Those are great beans,” said Spring-
time. “ There isn’t a one there that’s a half
shade off color.”

  “ I know all about this price business,’’
said Kitty. “ I’ve shopped around for wo-
men’s things and I’ve seen the same things—
mufflers for instance—in two different
stores, with about a third difference in the
prices. One place would have a little card
over the muffler, saying £ Hand-loomed ’ or
something like that and that was what the
extra dollar or so was for. Do you know
what hand-loomed means?”

  Springtime shook his head.

  “ Neither do I. Nobody does, but people
fall for it, and the store that puts the card
on the muffler and sells it for a third more
sells ten times as many as the other store.

I wonder what you could call these? You
couldn’t call beans hand-loomed, could
you?”

  “ Hand-picked,” suggested Springtime.

  “ But they aren’t—they’re machine-

                           8	A
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

929

  picked, although you do most of the work

  with your hands, don’t you? Hand-picked
is overworked, anyway—we ought to think
of something better than that.”

    Springtime leaned his head on his hands
and thought, but could get nothing better
than “ milled.”

   “ Not so good, not so good,” said Kitty,
still turning the crank absent-mindedly. “ I
have it! Extra fancy—remilled!”

   “ Gee! ” said Springtime in awe. “ That’s
wonderful! Extra fancy remilled Michigan
beans. That ought to be worth five cents
more a bushel.”

  “You go and try it now!” said Kitty.
“ There’s just one place in town that would
give you five cents a bushel over the market
for remilled beans and that’s Pasquale’s
grocery. He has everything queer like alli-
gator pears and anchovies and funny salad
oils, and everything he has is the very best
there is and a lot more expensive than any-
body’s. He’s open now—will be until a
quarter to six. I know, because I’ve had
to run down there to get cream lots of times.
But first go to the elevator—they’ll tell you
there how much the regular price is, and
don’t you let these go for a cent less than
five cents a bushel above that price.”

  Springtime looked at Tom Osborne’s
daughter with still greater awe. She was
her father’s daughter with her father’s prac-
tical sense, but as she stood there, fawn-
like in figure, with the luminous eyes show-
ing their ruddy depths in the sunlight, she
looked more like a creature out of a fairy
tale.

   “ You're all right!” was all that he could
think of to say, although that half of him
which she owned body and soul wanted to
say more.

   He filled a small sack with his product,
walked down to the elevator and found that
the latest market quotation was two dollars
and ninety-five cents a bushel. Then he
went on until he stood before the aristo-
cratic plate-glass front of Pasquale’s store
It was not a grocery store, for the name
grocery store smacked of old days when the
open sugar barrel stood uncovered by a
front door that had no screen in the sum-
mertime; Pasquale, a neat, plump, good-
natured Italian, was a provision merchant.

   9	A

He took Springtime’s sack and poured some
of the contents into his palm. He recog-
nized them at once.

   “ Mr. Osborne’s beans,” he said.

  “ Yes. Remilled.”

  The thick eyebrows shot up.

  “ Remilled?”

  “ Sure—a new process which he is just
trying out. That’s a good sample; if any-
thing, the rest of the beans are better than
that. Absolutely no dark ones—every bean
is hard, plump, and as white as a china egg.
The remilling takes care of that.”

  “Sure! Sure!” said the provision mer-
chant with a twinkle in his liquid eye. “ I
give you two ninety-five a bushel.”

   “ Couldn’t possibly sell for less than three
five,” said Springtime as he tied up the neck
of his sample bag and slipped it into his
pocket. “ Two ninety-five wouldn’t pay for
the remilling. We’re planning to send them
to the big Chicago hotels.”

  They compromised on three dollars a
bushel—five cents above the elevator price,
and Springtime trundled his bushel down on
a wheelbarrow, and when he got there the
store was closed, not to him, but to cus-
tomers. Pasquale was working on his win-
dows, which he changed every day. One
was full of a pyramid of fruits of all kinds
with small bottles of rainbow-colored cor-
dials tucked into the crevices; the other was
empty except for a big sheet of white paper
which covered the entire bottom of the win-
dow. After he had been paid Springtime
lingered long enough to see his beans put
into a clean, new basket, which Pasquale
tipped slowly so that they spilled out in an
even flow, like lava running from a volcano.
He propped the basket there and then put
a small sign in the middle of the lava flow—
a card jagged at the ends to look like a
rustic sign post. The card read: “ Early
Osbornes. Remilled—the better bean.”

CHAPTER XXIII.

CAUGHT.

THE Osborne household lived under a
double strain after Kitty had given
Johnny’s story to the newspaper man
—first there was the strain of expecting
930

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

news, and second the great effort to keep
Ihe wary Johnny from knowing that any-
thing was in the wind.

  The net drew' closer about him. It was
less than a week after the newspaper writer
had set his typewriter chattering over the
story of the checker-playing marvel when
Mrs. Osborne fluttered into the tin shed
with a slip of newspaper flimsy and a tele-
gram. The girl ceased her everlasting turn-
ing of the crank and cried out with joy
when she read the telegram and the mes-
sage from her friend of the pen.

  “ Publicity brings results,” said the note,
and the telegram read:

    Mrs. K. Martin, 10 Harrison Street, this
  city, thinks checker-playing boy her runaway
  son. John. Please advise how to get boy here.

   R. Dean, Editor Wellsville (Ohio) Courant.

  “ Wellsville!” cried Kitty, turning the
slip over and over in her hand. “ Why,
that isn’t sixty miles from here on the State
road. Dad and I have driven it dozens of
times.”

  “ Wellsville,” said Springtime; “ I know
that burg. There’s a good hangout there
and the bulls are all easy. Sure, it isn’t
over sixty miles from here. The slick little
devil! I wonder if he knows how close to
home he is?”

  Mrs. Osborne charged toward the door,
but Kitty intercepted her. She did not trust
her mother’s judgment in times like these.

  “I’m going to find Johnny!” cried the
mother. “ He ought to know, most cer-
tainly.”

  “Oh, good gosh, no!” said Springtime,
and Kitty seized her mother by the arm and
hung tight.

  “ He’d be gone like a shot, moms!
Don’t, please don’t! You’ll ruin every-
thing even if you look as though there were
anything out of the way! You have no
idea what a wild lad that is!”

  “ That boy,” said Mrs. Osborne with
dignity, “ would want his mother again.
That I know, even if he is abnormal. The
reason why he seems not to want to go
home is because he doesn’t remember his
home. That is perfectly clear to me, al-
though it seems to escape the rest of you.
However, I decline any responsibility in

the matter, and you may count on ray si-
lence. Go ahead as you see fit.”

  When she had gone out of the shed
Springtime and Kitty looked at each other.
Those long silent hours there when Kitty
was turning the crank and Springtime was
playing bell ringer had built up a camara-
derie, so that she understood his unspoken
thought.

  “ Gee, we’ll have to be wary!” said
Kitty. “ We’ll have to be as cautious as
anything. We’ll take him home. You and
I in the flivver. I can drive it and you can
hang onto him—maybe he’ll fight when he
see where he’s going.”

  “ Pm wondering if it’s the right place,’’
said Springtime. “ It sure would be a
peach if we dragged him off to a mother he
didn’t belong to. I have an idea that a
mother with a lost kid would be so anxious
to believe that he was alive that any old
picture of a healthy lad would look like her
own. I’d better telegraph and find out. 1
know a fence there who’s wise to everything
in that town. How about it?”

  “ Right, as always,” said Kitty. “ What’s
a fence?”

  “ Never mind. You’ll never see one—
leastways the kind of fence I mean.”

   “ Be careful,” cautioned Kitty, “ and I'll
slip it to dad when he comes home.”

   On the way to the telegraph office Spring-
time met Johnny—Johnny with traces of
blood on his upper lip and a rent in his
knickerbocker suit. He stopped when he
saw Springtime coming and waited for him.

  “ Gee, I've been playing football,” he
said, “ and you ought to have seen me get
away with that ball! I sure showed these
hick kids what playing is.”

  “Go on!” said Springtime incautiously.
“ That town you come from is about half
the size of this one. I laugh at you when
you call this a hick place. Did you ever
hear the old proverb about people that lived
in glass houses not throwing stones?”
“Yeah?” said Johnny as he cocked an
eye at his pal. “ Where you heading?’

  “ Down the street.”

  “ I’ll go with you.”

  “ You will not. I’m busy.”

  “Oh, sleuth stuff!” mocked Johnny.
“ Or are you buying the girl a ring? Can't
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

931

spill it, can you? All right, don’t; I don’t

  give a damn.”

     He started up the street, and Springtime
  waited until he was well out of sight before
  he dodged into the telegraph office and sent
  a message to his friend, the fence.

Find out if there is iron dog in the yard of

   Mrs. K. Martin, 10 Harrison Street. Wire T.
   Osborne, collect.

  He signed his moniker of Springtime, for
the good reason that no man on the road
knew him by any other name. When he
was back in the house one shrewd twinkle
from Osborne’s eye told him that the old
man knew what was in the wind.

  AVhen the door bell rang the head of the
house got up with a grumbled, “ That’s for
me. I’m expecting a telegram.” He came
back into the dining room and finished his
supper in a silence which Springtime and
Kitty tried hard to keep from being sus-
piciously electric. When Osborne had fin-
ished he lighted a cigar and strolled out
into the darkness of the lawn, and after a
moment Springtime followed.

  “ The iron dog’s there,” said the old
man. “ I’ll miss the little devil. Don’t
know but what I’ll keep track of him and
see that he gets an education. He’s bright
—what he needs is ballast. You and Kitty
take him home—he might suspect me be-
cause I’ve been threatening him with so
many things that he won't ride with me any
more. You get out the old flivver in the
morning the minute he shows up out doors
and throw a sack of beans in the back.
Then tell him you’re carrying them to some
place for me, and ask him if he wants to
ride. He’ll fall—maybe; but gosh, if he
doesn’t put up a fight when he sees his
own burg coming over the horizon, I’ll eat
my hat. He’s sure a home-keeping spirit—

I don’t think! Watch your step or there’ll
be one kid missing at dawn.”

  They were all cautious, but even so,
Johnny caught a warning from somewhere,
and after he and Springtime had got into
bed the lad lay with his head off the pillow
and his bright eyes fixed on the wanderer.

  “ Springtime,” he asked, “ what’s all this
hush stuff?”

“ By gosh,” said Springtime, “ trust you

  to smell it out. Sure you’ve got a great
  nose for news. Osborne’s pulling some po-
  litical dope, and it's absolutely necessary
  that nobody know anything about it. I
  told him he needn’t be afraid of you, but
  he said you played around some with the
  son of the guy he wants to keep in the
  dark.”

   Johnny chuckled.

  “ I knew there was something up,” he
said, dropped his head to the pillow and
was asleep in two winks.

   Kitty and Springtime skulked around the
barn door until they saw Johnny come out
on the lawn. Then Springtime slammed
the doors back and Kitty backed the little
machine out with the exhaust wide open.
Johnny drifted over toward the drive and
stood watching while Springtime heaved a
sack of beans into the tonneau and then
put his foot on the running board. Kitty,
with the true touch of the artist, started,
and then stopped, and leaning out, said:

“ Oh, Johnny, do you want to come along?”
  “ Where you going?”

  “ Out in the country. Long drive.”
“Sure!” said Johnny, and vaulted the
fence and jumped into the rear seat with
the beans.

  “ Come around in front,” suggested
Springtime, “ there’s room for three, and
we’ll keep each other warm. It’s a nippy
morning.”

  Johnny clambered over and took a place
between Springtime and Kitty. As they
rolled out of the alley they saw Osborne
standing on a corner, and the hand that he
raised gave a signal of congratulation.
Kitty sailed past him for the reason that
she felt their greatest safety was in keeping
up such a speed that the boy would not
dare to leap out. It was a cold fall morn-
ing, so early that there was very little traf-
fic on the road. The rush of wind whipped
the color into Kitty’s cheeks and fanned
Johnny’s high spirits to a point where he
was almost a public nuisance. He hailed
every foot passenger with, “ Hey, bindle
stiff!” and he had a greeting for every
horse and cow that hung its head out of
the frosted pastures.

  The white road rolled under them at "i
932

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

good twenty-five an hour. Springtime sat
with his hand along the back of the seat
where he could grasp the lad’s collar at the
slightest movement. He did not dare to
look at Kitty often, nor did Kitty dare to
look at him, but when a sign post flashed
by which said, “ Six miles to Wellsville,”
Springtime stole a look at Kitty and saw
that she had not missed it. Her answer
was an increase in speed.

  Johnny kept up his chatter, then in the
midst of it stopped as dead as if he had
been suddenly struck dumb. Springtime
laid his hand as if by accident on the boy’s
arm, and looking at Kitty, saw that she was
pale from excitement. Johnny turned back
and stared at a clump of tall butternut trees
which stood in the middle of a field—three
trees placed in a triangle. He said nothing,
but turned his head to stare at a big brick
institution on a hill. Then a black water
tower swam up over the horizon.

  “ Springtime, you snitcher!” yelled
Johnny, and became a hundred pounds of
living fury. He was across Springtime in a
flash and had the door open almost before
the man could get his arms around him and
drag him back. Springtime forced him
back into the seat, and Kitty, white-faced,
kept the car up to the top of its speed. He
struggled like a wild cat, swearing at the
top of his voice.

  “ Springtime, you-” he cried; u you

low down dick! You- I'll get even with

you if it takes me all my life. Of all the
low down tricks I ever heard of. Oh, gee,
you’re a fine guy, you are! You’re a
prince! If old Bender knew about this.”

  “ I’m doing just what old Bender want-
ed done,” said Springtime grimly. “ And
take it easy, son! We’ve got you cold this
time and you might as well kick in.”

  Johnny kept up his struggling until he
was exhausted, then slumped down into the
seat and looked straight ahead of him. The
car rattled over a bridge with a pool under
it, and Johnny sat up to look at it, for that
was the swimming hole. A quarter of a
mile farther on a few scattered houses swam
to meet them, and then a circular high
board fence. At sight of it Johnny broke
into bitter speech again.

  “ I suppose the old man put you up to

this! He’s one wise old bird, he is! What
a hick! Oh, boy! Ha, ha!” But his
laughter was a bit forced. To tell the truth,

the net was closing so completely around
Johnny that he was almost ready to give

up.

   Once in the town, Kitty pulled up. for
she did not know just where the lad’s home
was.

   “ See this town?” said Springtime, who,
thinking of the long time Johnny had
tricked him, felt justified in gloating a bit.
“ See this town, wise guy? Well, it’s your
home burg, this is, and I'm bringing you
back to it, just the way Bender asked me
to. Now where’s this street you live on?”

  “ I don’t remember,” said Johnny.
“ Find it, Pinkerton. You’re so damned
smart.”

   “ Sure,” said Springtime, “ 111 find it.
Drive along till we meet a police officer.”

  Johnny squirmed, but was quiet, and
Kitty pulled up when they came to a traf-
fic officer, and within a minute they passed
a white house in the yard of which was
a black iron Newfoundland with a white
tip on his tail. Kitty halted a few doors
beyond, set the brakes and looked at
Springtime.

   “ I think maybe I'd better go ahead and
break it gently,” she said. “ These old
people can't take big news, even good news
very calmly. You come along in about two
minutes.”

   Springtime nodded, and Kitty, getting
out without a look at the sulky lad. walked
in through the front gate. The blinds were
closed on the front of the house, and a faint
path led to the rear—a path which Kitty
followed, and which, if she had been able
to read it, would have told her the story
of a mother’s heartbreak. In it were worn
over heel prints of dozens of wanderers,
for the word had gone forth that any man
who could spring a gag about having been
lured away from home by tramps as a lad
was sure to get a big feed in that white
house with the iron dog in the yard. Kitty
tapped on the back door, and while waiting
read the names scribbled on the door frame:
“ Frisco Mike,” New Orlean> Fatty,”
“ Cigarette.” She heard & soft step within,
and the door swung open and the woman
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

933

   who she knew must be Jehnny's mother
 stood there—gray, bent, spectacled, with a
 sad, welcoming smile which altered a bit

  at sight of Kitty.

   “ Is this Mrs. Martin?” asked Kitty,
 trying to speak brightly and to keep the
 tears from welling up in her eyes. “ My
 name is Katherine Osborne, and I’ve come
 to see you about something of importance.”

   The smile faded, and Johnny’s mother
 clutched at the doorknob to keep herself
 from falling.

    “ Come in,” she said in a low voice, and
 Kitty walked in and stood in the middle of
 the floor.

   “ It’s something quite nice,” she said.
 “ Something you’ll be glad to hear—oh, so
 glad to hear! It’s about a person you’ve
 been wanting to see for a long, long time."’

   The old hands gripped tight under the
 white apron and then came out in a gesture
 of appeal. With a low cry Kitty stepped
 to her and took the frail figure in her strong
 arms, where she held it tight, rocking it and
 crooning, “It’s all right! It’s your boy
 Johnny come home again. He’ll be in here
 in a minute or two and he won’t want to
 see you with tears on your face. He’ll
 want to see you smiling.”

   “ Oh, if you only knew! If you only
 knew how I’d waited and prayed! Day
 after day and night after night—wondering
 where he was when it rained or when it was
 cold!” She broke into helpless sobbing,
 and Kitty, seeing Springtime peering into
 a window, put out her hand to keep him
 back. She held close until the sobbing had
 ceased, then drew away, and taking out her
 kerchief wiped the tears from the face of
 Johnny’s mother first and then from her
 own.

    “ Now you sit right here,” she said, help-
 ing her charge into a chair. “ And be
 cheerful because you know Johnny is a
 queer boy, and I have an idea that the best
 way to make him want to stay home is not
 to appear to want him. That is, very
 , much. If you make a fuss over him he’ll
 be out of the door the next time he gets a
 chance.”

   Kitty went to the door and beckoned
 Springtime to come in. He was holding
 the lad by the coat collar and by one arm,

so that he could neither twist out of the

grip or slip out of the coat. Johnny was
still sulky, but was looking with interest
at two boys who stood on the other side
of the fence with their mouths wide open.
Springtime led him in, and shutting the
door, put his back against it.

  Johnny’s mother gripped her hands tight
and stayed in her chair, although her lips
were trembling. Johnny looked up at the
ceiling and down at the familiar old carpet,
sniffed the delicate scent of lemon cookies
and then spoke.

  “ Hello, ma,” he said, and took a step
across the room toward her. There was a
struggle going on in him—the same strug-
gle that goes on when any wild thing is
domesticated; the balance was very fine,
and one false move on the part of his
mother would have tipped it the wrong
wTay.

  She spoke in a calm, silverv voice:
“ Hello, son.”

  Johnny looked at her, puzzled, for he
was all set for a distasteful scene. He drew
a step closer.

  “ Well, I’ve been gone a long time.”

  “ Yes, son. You’ve seen a heap of the
world, I expect.”

  “ Sure I have, ma. Gosh, I’ve seen some
great places—Frisco, and Chi, and York.
Gee, you ought to see the tall buildings in
York, ma. They’d knock your eye right
smack out! And the levees at Newr Or-
leans. They’re great!”

  “ I suppose they are.”

  Johnny stopped and looked hard at his
mother.

  “ Well, you don’t seem very glad to see
me,” he said with a suspicion of sulk in his
voice.

  “ I am glad, Johnny; gladder than I can
tell you. But I suppose this little town
doesn’t seem like much after you’ve been
in those big places.”

  “ Well, I dunno,” said the lad doubtfully
as he drew another step closer—so close
that he was within arm’s reach of his
mother. “ At first I thought I’d die if I
ever had to come back; but seeing the old
swimming place, and the trees where I used
to get butternuts, and the old deef and
blind asylum on the hill, and those two
931

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Peaveys rubbering over the fence just the
way they used to—it seems kind of good
to be back here after all.”

  “ You’ll find a lemon cookie in the jar
there.”

  Johnny looked at his mother, puzzled,
and stepped up and put his hand on her
shoulder. She met his eye steadily, al-
though her hands were twisting the apron
hem.

  “ Say, ma,” he said, “ aren’t you going
to give us a kiss?”

  Then she took him in her arms, and
Springtime and Kitty looked out the win-
dow, for there was something so sacred in
the look on that old face that it seemed a
profanation just to watch it.

  After a time Johnny drew back and made
for the kitchen door, for outside there was
the stir of a constantly collecting crowd of
his congeners. Springtime blocked his way
and looked down at him grimly. The lad
swapped hard looks with him for a minute
and then his face relaxed.

   “ Aw, hell,” he said, “ 1 kick in.”

  “ For good?”

  “ Ain’t I telling you? Get out of the
way, you big lump! ”

  In spite of the bluster Springtime knew
that one wild thing had been tamed.

CHAPTER XXIV.

ACCOMPLISHMENT.

THE end was undramatic. All along
Springtime had felt that when he fin-
ished his job in the galvanized iron
shed, there ought to be a shower of meteors
or a concert by massed bands. Xothing
like that happened; the last bean fell into
the open mouth of the sack without either
exploding or making sweet music. Kitty
felt the possibilities of the situation, for as
the last one traveled along the belt, she
decreased the speed until it moved milli-
meter by millimeter. As it trembled on
the brink the movement was as slow as the
minute hand of a clock, and when it fell
she said with a long breath, “ There! ” And
after they had looked at each other for a
long minute, “ You did it!”

  It was over; all that remained was to

settle with Osborne and he would be free
to go. And even as he looked into that
friendly face that had helped him through
the dreariest job of his life, Springtime felt
that things had not changed since the time
when he had first discovered his love for
Kitty. He was as far as ever from being
able to take care of her, and as he trundled
the rest of his share to Pa.squale’s store the
cold northwest wind was as full of invita-
tion to him as ever before.

  Leaving Kitty would be a wrench, but
staying would be a denial to his strongest
instinct. The thought of what Kitty might
think of him if, after he had settled down,
he failed as a man of business, filled him
with panic. When he had come back and
counted out Kitty’s wages, he sat for a
long time in the tin shed pondering, and
the net result of that pondering was that
there were only three things left for him to
do: settle with Osborne, say farewell to
Kitty, and pick up Durkin at the mission.

  At the bank Osborne could see him. and
did; Springtime walked into the inclosure
and slumped into the deep chair.

  “ I’m through!” he said.

  “ Through with w’hat?”

  “ Beans! You and I can settle up now.
You said that when I had twenty bushels
done I could go, provided I didn't want to
stay and finish the other twenty.”

  Osborne looked at him without his usual
crisp snapping of the eyes. He fumbled at
a button on his coat and cleared his throat
and finally said vaguely: “ Settle up?"

  Springtime nodded, and still the old man
did not seem to comprehend; he put on his
glasses and took them off, put them on
again, and finally let them dangle from one
finger tip while with his free hand he moved
the papers on his desk.

  “ I suppose you want a settlement,” he
said.

  “ Man, if you knew how 1 had waited for
this time to come, you would not ask me
such a question. You’d know it!”

  “ I suppose you have been under a
strain,” said Osborne gravely, “ a bigger one
than any of us realize. You’re fifteen
pounds lighter than you were. So you’ve
finished—all through. What do you think
you want to do?”
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

935

  “ Drift!” said Springtime. “ God knows
what you have up your sleeve now, but I’m

warning you that unless I do get free, I’m

going to fight—in some way or another.
You’ve had the drop on me and you've put
me through the worst three weeks I’ve ever
been through.”

  “ Haven't you learned anything from it?”
asked Osborne, and there was a glimmer of
his old self in the sharpness of the question.
“ Nothing—except to hate work.”

  “ Aren’t you glad that you stuck it out—
didn't give up—made a machine to take the
drudgery out of the job? Put a real piece
of work through by being patient?”

  “Go on!” said Springtime bitterly.
“ How could I help being patient when you
had the drop on me? It was a case of
sorting beans or breaking rock, and I’m
darned if I don’t think I had rather break
rock. What’s the sense in patting me on
the back for doing a job I had to do?”

  “ You didn’t have to. You could have
sat there in the shed and smoked brown
paper cigarettes until you had made a
smoked ham out of yourself. There wasn’t
any way I could force you to pick over
beans, and the fact was that I didn’t want
to force you—I rather hoped yqu would
choose to do it once you got started. I
hoped you might learn to tackle a dull job
and stick through until it was done, for the
reason that there’s a great deal of just that
sort of drudgery in any kind of real man’s
work. Lots of times a man swears, when
he gets through building a house or training
a horse or anything that takes time, he’ll
never tackle such a thing again, but if he
has made a success of it he does take an-
other job and so on through life. If he’s
any good he takes on another, even if he has
failed. You're a rambler, and I didn’t know
but what—once you’d got around a dull
piece of work—it might mean that you
would stay here and go into something per-
manent—factory or office or farm manage-
ment. I think I could rake up something.”
Springtime tipped his head back like a
dog howling at the moon and bayed: “ No!”
“ All right, all right—I was only trying
to be decent. Things around here need new
blood—these things I'm in, and I don’t
know what will become of ’em when I’m

gone. Have to sew ’em up in a trust fund

of some sort to keep the women folks from
investing in California Air Preferred.

Things need new blood.” He cleared his
throat heartily and jumped back into his
old manner. “ And I may add,” he con-
cluded, rearing back in his chair, “ that that
same cast-iron nerve, that unadulterated
pluperfect nerve which has carried you
through life so far, would probably be quite
an asset even in as slow a town as this.”

  He took out his handkerchief and trum-
peted, shot back his cuffs, and all the bris-
tling aggressiveness of him came to the sur-
face.

  “You can’t make a silk purse out of a
sow’s ear,” he said, “ and the Chinese have
a proverb which says that rotten wood can-
not be carved—in plain United States that
means that a decent citizen cannot be made
out of a bum. Have you sold all your
share of those beans?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ What did you get for them?”

  “ Three dollars a bushel.”

  Osborne pushed his chair back and looked
at his prisoner, guest, and employee.

  “ Now, who the devil gave you three dol-
lars a bushel for beans when the top price
has been twro ninety-five for the past
month?”

  “ Pasquale,” said Springtime, trying to
keep the triumph out of his face, “ the pro-
vision merchant.”

  “ What did you do, blackjack him?”

  “ No. I just told him that they had been
sorted by a special process called remilling,
and he reckoned that was worth an extra
five cents a bushel. He has a lot of them
in his window now with a card stuck in them
that says: ‘ Early Osbornes. Remilled. The
better bean.’ ”

  Osborne made a note on a pad—a fur-
tive movement, which did not, however, es-
cape Springtime.

  “ No use,” he said gently. “ I’ve sold him
all he will take. Your share will have to go
to the elevator.”

  “ Beat me to it, huh? Son, that's what I
mean when I say that things need new
blood. I’ve been raising beans for years—
all kinds, hand-picked, hand-sorted, but the
remilled bean, the better bean, never! Oh,
936	ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

my gosh! Remilled! You know when I
started there were crooks in the provision
line, but the wooden nutmeg was about the
top of their speed. The best in those days
was plain best, but now there are a hun-
dred fancy ways of getting the extra cent
out of people. Good apples went by the
barrel, but now good apples have to be
wrapped and packed individually and shined
up. I have a plot of land out west of towm
here that I’ve been cutting up and selling
off, and those lots have been moving about
as fast as molasses in January. But across
the road a smart Aleck puts up a pair of
brick pillars and calls his place Runnymede
Manor and sells lots as though they were
hot cakes. Where’d you get this idea of re-
milled?”

   “ It was Kitty’s idea mosdy.”

   “ Thank God for that,” said Osborne de-
voutly. “ I could never look myself in the
face again if I had let a footloose bum like
you beat me out. And you still think you
had rather be riding brake rods than living
here with a good job, pay day every Satur-
day, and no cops to look out for?”

   “ I’d rather be the deadest bum,” said
Springtime solemnly, “ than the livest mil-
lionaire that ever lived!”

   That statement seemed to take all the
crispness out of Osborne again; he became
aimless and vague, and after he had figured
back and forth for five minutes he shut the
book and tore up the promissory note.

   “Hell!” he said. “Lets forget it. If
you’d been going to stay here I wrould have
stuck you for every cent you owe me, but
since you’re going back to the jungles you’ll
need every cent. You know there might be
a market for a small hand power bean sorter
like that one you rigged up.”

   “ You can have my share of it,” said
Springtime, rising.

   “ That’s a contract,” returned Osborne
quickly, but seemed on his part loth to rise.
He fumbled with the papers on his desk and
finally said in a hesitating way: “ You don’t
think you'd like to stay and do that other
twenty bushels?”

   Springtime looked down at him with a
-pitying smile.

   “ I’ve heard poor jokes in my time,” he
said, “ but none as bad as that.”

  That brought Osborne out of his chair as
though he were a bouncing ball ; he flung

open the bronze gateway and said: “ Beat

it!”

  The wanderer looked into the banker’s
half-shut eyes for a half minute, swapping
him glare for glare: he looked so hard that
as he backed out of the gate he bumped
into some one, and whirling, saw that he
was facing Mrs. Osborne. Back of her was
Kitty, flushed from the nip of the cold
northwest wind, wearing fallen-leaf brown,
with a small terra cotta hat pulled down
over her brow and ears.

  At sight of them something had occurred
to Osborne, for he reached out, and seizing
Springtime by the arm, dragged him back
into the inclosure, then spoke a few words
to his wife and to Kitty—words which
came to the wanderer, muffled and distant.
Osborne swung open a glazed door marked
“ Directors’ Room,” and when he had
ushered his wife and Kitty within, pushed
the unresisting Springtime after them.

  Mrs. Osborne instinctively chose the
chairman’s place and came to rest there as
a full rigged ship comes to anchor. Kitty
took a place close to a window with her
back t<^ the light where she could look at
Springtime, who stood near the middle of
the long table. When they were all within,
Osborne shut the door and advanced to
the head of the table and pointed a short
finger at Springtime.

  “ Do you know what that damned fool
has just done?’’ he said. “ Do you? After
getting around the dismalest job that man
ever undertook and showed that, after all,
he had some sense, he turned down a prop-
osition that any man in the village between
the ages of nine and ninety would have
jumped at! I offered to put him to work
at anything he wanted, and he knows what
that means. Turned it down—after get-
ting five cents more a bushel for beans than
any man in the history of the world ever
did get. And now he says he is going back
to the railroads to get himself beaten up by
fly cops! Can you beat it?”

  Springtime’s eyes, which had wandered to
Osborne when the banker began to speak,
turned toward Kitty, but he could make
nothing of her face, for the reason that she
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

937

stood in the shadow. Never had her half

of him loved her more, but never had his
wild half so thirsted for freedom, and the
third part of him, the common sense part
of him, told him that in the end she would
be happier without him than with him, for
he—a blowed-in-the-glass stiff—could never
keep her in fallen leaf-tweeds.

  “ The wild goose!” said Kitty softly, with
her eyes fixed on Springtime.

  She was thinking of the time she had first
seen him, and the change that work and
good living had brought in him. He was
thinner and paler, and his eyes, while still
humorous, had lost their hard look. Spring-
time carried himself differently, just as Dur-
kin carried himself differently. Still there
was something touching in that change, as
there always is in any change from wildness
to uniformity, and Kitty, feeling it, said:

*• The wild goose! ” again, very softly.

  Mrs. Osborne looked at Springtime and
her nearsighted eyes were blurred with ten-
derness; it was exactly the same sort of
look she took on when she was feeding
Archie.

  “ Why not?” she said. “ Why should he
stay? For some there is one kind of living
and for others another kind of living. Every
man must work out his own destiny—and
he has shown that there are many chances
for doing good among the sort of men he
will meet. We shall miss him, but we shall
give him God-speed.”

  “ Well, it beats me.’’ said Osbome, and
pounded the table with his fist. “ Why do
you suppose a man wants to stand up when
he can sit down—why sleep on the ground
when he can sleep in a bed—want to ride
the bumpers when he can ride the cushions?
It must be a kind of insanity. Now, see
here. Springtime, there’s plenty of excite-
ment in the kind of life I lead. Tell me
straight—didn’t you get some out of that
bean job after all—I mean the idea of float-
ing a loan to get money for your engine,
and then selling them a little above the mar-
ket? Didn't you get any fun out of that?’’
“ No,” said Springtime in a low voice,
*• not one damned little bit!”	•

  Osborne threw up his hands.

You’re past me, young fellah! I’ve
seen many in my time, but never one like

you. Hang it, yo> look like a gentleman
and talk like one a whole lot more than
I do, and you have gray matter. But still

you’re foot-loose! ”

  “ I’ve never denied it,” said Springtime

wearily.

  It was all getting to be too much for him;
he was crazy to be gone. Kitty moved
over and slipped her arm through her

father’s.

  “ He’d stay if he could,” she said. “ You
don’t understand, but I do. He has to go,
and it would be worse than silly for him to
stay as long as he has to go. Suppose he
did stay, he would always be thinking about
roaming. Let him go and get it out of his
system, as they say, and then if ever he
should want to come back—”

  She looked at Springtime, who had been
following her lips as though he were deaf.
It was hard, but it was easier to have her
feel that way.

  Kitty, in a directors’ room, was like a
rose in a foundry, but there was a connec-
tion, for it was through that directors’ room
that she managed to wear fallen-leaf browns.
He nodded to her, unable to speak, and
knew that no matter how long or how far
he roamed, still the thought of Kitty would
always be a sweet pain. He took a step
forward and at that movement Osbome, in
a rage, balled his fist.

  “ You know I still have something on
you! I could keep you in this town until
you rot—if I wanted to. And, dam me, if
I don’t think I want to; sometimes when a
man won’t do the thing that’s good for him,
it’s a kindness to make him do it. I have
enough on you on account of that hold-up
to hold you here, and sure I’d like to!”

  Mrs. Osborne turned in her chair and
caught her husband's eye. She adjusted
her glasses so that she could get a clear look
at him and let him have the full benefit of
a near-sighted glare.

  “ Don't be absurd!’’

  Baffled, Osbome looked at Kitty, Ah
shook her head and said: “ It’s no use, old-
timer.”

  The old man surrendered, and Springtime
•saw that it was time to go. He roused
himself from a near coma into which he had
fallen and put out his hand to Osbome.
938

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ You’ve been square to me,” he said, “ in
some ways. Not all. I’m thanking you for
not being any harder than you were.”

  Osborne shook his head and flourished
his hands, but did not speak or offer to
return the grip. Springtime turned to his
wife, who gave him a double hand clasp.

   “ Good-by, dear boy,” she said. “ After
all, everything is usually for the best, isn’t
it? If only we have faith and trust to the
good, things come out right in the end.
If ever you come to our home again you
will find—”

  “Slim McCabe!” bellowed Osborne.
“ Get out!”

   Springtime turned to Kitty, but no words
would come. He fumbled in his pocket and
brought out the envelope into which he
had counted her wages and held it out to
her.

   “ Your pay,” he said, ‘£ Kitty—”

  With her eyes on his she took the en-
velope, slipped it in a pocket, then put both
of her arms about his neck and kissed him
square on the lips, then let him go without
a word. Springtime backed out of the
door step by step and swung it shut on the
tableau of starry-eyed Kitty with her hands
pressed to her lips, while her father and
mother, stunned, sagged on either side of
her.

CHAPTER XXV.

THE TRAITOR.

HE found Durkin in the general meeting
hall of the mission. Some of the glass
doors had been swung shut, so that
the convert sat within a comparatively small
chamber, in the center of which a round
stove burned almost red-hot. With his feet
on the fender and his head tipped back,
Durkin could have posed for a picture of
bachelor comfort if only he had been al-
lowed a cigar, cigarette, or pipe.

  Springtime drew out a cigarette as he
slumped into a chair near his pal, but Dur-
kin put up a warning finger and pointed
with his thumb over his shoulder. He heard
a faint, feminine bustle on the other side
of the partition and saw a skirted shadow
looming and fading behind Durkin. He

put the cigarette back and looked his friend
over, and that look told him that Durkin
would have to make a few changes before
they really began to travel. He was wearing
a still different suit, and a pair of patent
leather shoes with cloth tops—in them his
long, aristocratic feet looked very well, but
they would never do for straddling bumpers.

  “ Gee, Durk,” said Springtime, “ where
did you get the swell pair of kicks?”

  “ Kicks?” said Durkin, wrinkling his
brows. “ That’s criminal slang for shoes,
I’ve heard. If that is what you mean, they
are a rather good pair.”

  Springtime laughed soundlessly and
jerked a thumb over his shoulder in the gen-1
eral direction of California.

   “ I’m drifting,” he said in a low voice.
“ How about it?”

   By some mysterious process all the stiff-
ness and respectability melted out of Dur-
kin, and as he leaned forward in his chair
with a glance over his shoulder, his steel-
gray eyes were as bright as pin points.

  “ When?” he asked cautiously.

  “ Pronto. As soon as I can get down to
the yards and hook a rambler. Then I
don’t stop till I get to the coast. Durk,”
he said tensely as he gripped the other’s
knee, “ you’ve heard it said that I was a
real traveler, haven’t you? Well, I’ve never
done any moving compared to what I’m go-
ing to do. You and me are holding down
every fast train between here and Frisco, in
spite of hell and Jeff Carr. Are you with
me?”

   Durkin’s thin nostrils expanded.

   “ So you’re drifting,” he said dreamily;
“ you’re on the wing. Good old Spring-
time! Mulligans and hangouts and bulls
chasing you through railroad yards and
saps and all the rest of it. Good gosh!”

   “ That’s the boy, Durk,” said Springtime,
still holding him by the knee. “ You’re too
good for this sort of thing. You can chuck
those swell togs in the first town we come
to and get a good piece of change for them,
too. You and I don’t belong in this sort
of life—we’re travelers, tramps royal, and
will*be all our lives! We can be on our
way in half an hour.”

   Durkin bent his head and for five minutes
neither said a word, and in that silence
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

939

Springtime heard the faint continuous rus-
tling on the other side of the glassed par-
tition. A woman’s voice began a song—a
soft soprano voice humming a gospel tune,
and at that sound Durkin slowly settled
back in his chair, straightened his color,
pulled his cuffs down around his wrists, and
was once again Durkin, gentleman, and
prize convert of the Star of Life Mission.
He shook his head and his eyes begged for
mercy.

  “ I can't,” he said in a whisper; “ I can't.
The fact is that I’m going to be married.”

“ Married!” . cried Springtime as he
sprang to his feet. “ Durk, you snitcher!”
“ SrsJrf” said Durkin, for the song had
stopped. “ Don’t shout so jolly loud, old
chap.”

  He caught Springtime by the wrist and
forced him down into his seat, where the
wanderer sat, betrayed, crestfallen, for un-
til that bad moment he had not realized how
much Durkin had been figuring in his plans
for the future. Whenever his wild self had
begun to scheme for the good days to come,
Durkin had always been there and all those
good times were to be doubled by the pres-
ence of the tall man. Without him, life
looked gray and uninteresting.

  Durkin shook down the stove and poured
some more coal into it, all the time casting
glances at Springtime which showed that he
felt his own shame keenly. He arranged
the dampers to the sixteenth of an inch and
said: “ She’s a good soul.”

  “ She has coin!” said Springtime bitterly,
and while Durkin winced a bit, he showed
no signs of anger.

  “ That’s what started me,” he said, “ but
that’s not what finished me. It wouldn’t
make any difference now; I’d go ahead with
it, anyway. And winter’s coming, Spring-
time; winter’s coming, and even in Cali-
fornia winter is winter. Take a tip from a
wise guy and settle down.”

  “ What are you going to do when you
get fed up?” demanded Springtime, as he
indicated the gloomy comers of the mission.
“ You can't stand this very long. A man
can’t swear off roaming all of a sudden any
more than he can swear off dope all of a
sudden. Durk, you’ve got to taper!”

  For a half second Durkin looked panicky,

and Springtime knew he had touched upon
a hidden fear.

  “ We’re going to travel, Springtime.
We’re leaving as soon as the jolly old knot
is tied, and when I come back I trust that
things will be different. Travel’s very
broadening. And I don’t want you to get
the idea, old boy, that I’m doing this for
the money that’s in it. Because I’m not.

At first, yes, but now, no. She has much in
addition. Springtime, there isn’t an ounce
of meanness in that woman’s nature—at
least, not more than an ounce. And what’s
more, I haven’t any other wives over the
country, not even a widow.”

  He finished in a confiding whisper, and
Springtime felt his anger evaporating under
the smooth man’s words. But Durkin had
no more than finished than that panicky
look came back in his face and he looked
over his shoulder. All their talk had been
in whispers, but he sank his voice still lower
and said: “ All the same a man might get
fed up even with perfection. You’ll promise
to drop me a line every two or three weeks
and let me know where you are? And then
I’ll get a leave of absence to go on a business
trip and we’ll roam for a month—say, next
spring. I have it, Springtime, I have it—a
scheme that will settle it for both of us.
You get something soft here for the winter,
a job picking beans or something like that, ,
and then in the spring we’ll start out for a
ramble of a month or two. I could probably
get you a job through this outfit. How’s
that?”

  Springtime shook his head firmly.

  “ No, I’ve got to beat it now. I’ve got
to!”

  From behind the glass partition came a
gentle call: “ Thomas.”

  Durkin looked at Springtime with a
queer, baffled expression in his eyes, and
rising, slipped through a door.

  Springtime did not wait for him to re-
turn; he got up and went into the street,
which seemed empty, cold, and forlorn. If
Durkin had been at his side, or Kitty, that
street would have been glorious, but he
needed one or the other. The northwest
wind had freshened and poured down the
street in a cold, damp stream. He pulled
his coat over his throat and headed for
940

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 the railway yards—it was a shame about
 Durk, for somehow or other he had come
 to stand for that wild half of him that loved
 all things in tramp life, its humor, its ir-
 responsibility, its hardships, its queer, in-
 tangible rewards. His defection was a stag-
 gering blow, and instead of looking forward
 to his long jump across two-thirds of a con-
 tinent with pleasure, Springtime looked for-
 ward to it as something of a job that was
 bound to be uncomfortable. If a true pal
 ever lived, it was Durkin, and he felt deep
 in his heart that he who had wandered
 all these years without a true companion,
 had found one, only to lose him to a mission
 and a widow.

    Springtime cut through a clump of ware-
  houses and crawled through a hole in a fence
  and into the railway yard. He knew that
  there was a vardmaster’s office in the mid-
  dle of that fan of tracks and that there
  was a chalked bulletin on the outside of it
  showing the schedule of trains. Locating
  the little gray-green structure, he walked
  toward it, and so long had he been out of
  hobo life that when a bellow sounded from
  the far end of the yard—a bellow that said:
  “ Git, you son of a toad!” he did not con-
  nect it in any way with himself.

    It was only when he saw a brakeman
 grinning from the top of a moving string
 . of box cars that the old instinct awoke, and
 looking behind him, he saw the great Slim
 McCabe tearing down between the tracks
 with his sap dangling from one wrist.

    Springtime’s response was automatic—
 he sprinted for the first open space he saw—
 a break in the six-foot board fence, through
 which ran a pair of tracks. He saw that in
 addition to his other talents, McCabe was a
 sprinter; he was no mean runner himself,
 but he could tell by the sound of feet in
 the cinders that the constable was gaining
 on him. He flashed through that opening
 and found himself in a perfect cul-de-sac,
 a long strip of side track for storing coal
 cars with a six-foot board fence on each side
 of it and two strands of barbed wire on top
 of the six-foot fence.

    He could neither dodge nor stop, so he
  gathered all his forces and went straight for
  the fence. Leaping, he caught the top and
  his feet hammered against the sides until

they stuck on a resinous knot and he sailed
clean over the top, and as he hung poised
there for a fraction of a second he saw that
not only had McCabe stopped running, but
that he was laughing and slapping one huge
hand against his thigh. He had just time
in which to wonder what he was laughing
at; then found out, for he came down in a
ditch filled with water—six feet of cold,
crusted water.

   He broke through that crust of fairy ice
as if it had been thin glass and went down
and down, over his head until his feet struck
mud and stuck there. Half wading, half
swimming, he floundered to the shore, and
as he pulled himself out into the biting wind,
he still heard the shouts of merriment com-
ing from the other side of the fence.

   Springtime pulled himself out and shook
himself without saying a word, for he had
no words that w’ould possibly fit the occa-
sion. He kicked about a peck of black mud
from each foot and began to run and did
not stop until he was back at the Star of
Life Mission. Durkin received him without
amazement; when he saw his condition he
went to a cupboard and brought back coat
and trousers, neatly pressed and arranged
on hangers, shirt, underclothes, even shoes.

   “ I have three suits,” he said casually.
“ You can change here where it’s warm.
She’s gone.”

  While Springtime warmed himself into
a glow with the towel and dressed, Durkin
spread his wet clothes over the backs of
mission chairs and placed them near the
stove to dry. His sympathy was perfect,
for he said not a word while Springtime
was changing; and when he had clothed
himself anew he threw open the door of the
stove and offered his guest a cigarette.
Then when Springtime had lighted up, he
began to feel it possible to talk about what
had happened to him.

   “ A bull chased me over a fence,” he com-
plained. “ All I was doing was walking
across the freight yards, and some guy
yelled: ‘Hit the grit, you son of a toad!’
and I looked around and here was McCabe
with a sap after me. If it had been any-
body else I would have faced it out, but not
with him! I’ll bet he had a pair of brace-
lets in his pocket and a blackjack on his
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

941

 hip. I simply hit the grit and ran like I
 never did run before. I came to a six-
 foot fence and I went over it like a bird,
 but on the other side was a ditch full of
 water. Durk, it’s an outrage! You’d think
 this country was Germany the way these
 cops carry on! Something ought to be done
 about it!”

   There was a faint light of amusement in
 Durkin’s eyes, but he controlled his merri-
 ment until he saw a corresponding laugh in
 Springtime’s eye, and then the two joined in
 laughter that became almost a yell when
 they thought of the second part of Spring-
 time’s joke, the first being that he had been
 soused in water, and the next being that
 any hobo should think about legal redress.
 Durkin lighted a twist of paper in the fire
 and they smoked, like boys at boarding
 ' school, hunched up and blowing the telltale
 smoke up the chimney, where the draft
 sucked it up and it disappeared without
 trace.

   “ Springtime,” said Durkin, “ do you
 know what it is that keeps chaps like you
 and me chained to the road? It’s because
 there’s always something to laugh at. I
 haven’t had a good laugh since I’ve been in
 this town until you came in just now.
 Thanks for that one. I remember one time
 when I was ditched away off in the desert
 and I slogged it to a little place where there
 was a water tank and nothing else. I got
 there in the middle of the day and it was so
 hot that you could have fried eggs on the
 rails. I went over to the tank to rest in
 what shade there was and there was a
 bindle stiff fast asleep. Gee, he wyas a
 crumb! I never did see such a wreck—
 fourteen toes sticking out of each shoe, and
 he'd been sleeping in the same hat for years.
 But he was dreaming sweet dreams and
 he would smile and smile and all of a sud-
 den he said: ‘ Sixty days!’ and sat up.

    “ I asked him what it was all about, and
 when he finally got it through his head that
 he had been dreaming and this water tank
 was real life, he told me that in his dream
 he was a judge. ‘ I dreamed I was a beak,’
 he said, ‘ and a swell was fetched up before
 me for breaking the speed laws. And I
 says to him: “ What’s your name?” and he
 says, “ Percy Rockerbilt.” “ Where do you

live?” I asked him, and he says, “ Oh, Paris,
New York, Palm Beach, anywhere.” “ What
do you do for a living?” I asks him, and he
says, madder’n hell: “ Nothing! I’m a gen-
tleman! ” “ Well,” says I, “ since you don’t
live no place and don’t have no job, it is the
opinion of the court that you’re a common
vag. Sixty days!” ’ ”

  Springtime and Durkin doubled up with
laughter—silent laughter, as though it were
bootleg stuff and there was a revenue officer
just outside the door. There was a wistful
look in Durkin’s eyes and a wistful feel in
Springtime’s heart. Durkin put his hand on
his pad’s knee and nodded mysteriously, as
though reminding him of an appointment
he was likely to forget.

  “ In the spring, bo,” he said, “ in the
spring!” From that their talk turned to
other things than roaming, for it was a ten-
der subject, and too sacred for that dark
mission. One doesn’t speak of a dear, dead
friend in a boiler factory.

  When Springtime’s clothing had dried,
Durkin, the universal genius, hunted up a
flat iron and did a good job of pressing them
on the table where, in hard times that
might in some future centuries to come fall
upon Napoleon, the soup line would be
served. When that was done he pulled out
a gold watch, and slipping it back in his
pocket, said: “ It’s almost five—have you
any place to spend the night?”

  Springtime said vaguely: “ I don’t know.”

  “ I’ll be back about eight, and if you
aren’t better suited, old fellow, by that time,
I can fix you up a flop here that won’t be
so bad. Do you need any money for chow?”

  Springtime shook his head, for in his
pocket was Pasquale’s good money. Durkin
put on a good overcoat and a derby hat and
walked to the door, where he turned and
said again: “ In the spring, bo, in the
spring! ”

  After he had gone Springtime sat for a
time until the dark smell about him—a
smell made up of the scent of old hymn
books, old carpets, old soup, old walnut
chairs—drove him to the street. Once there
he began to wander aimlessly, feeling like
the small boy who has sworn to run away
from home and finds himself at dark with-
out the courage to go ahead or come back.
942

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

  Kitty’s half had gained enormously since
the cold bath, and it drew his aimless feet
down the alley which he had traversed a
short month ago for the first time. He
found himself standing just where he had
stood when he first saw her behind the
syringas, where the smell of the mince pies
on the window sill had stopped him dead
as the scent of woodcock would stop a bird
dog. Peering down the alley he saw that
the stable door was closed, and walking to it
also saw that it was locked.

  He had had a curious idea of going back
into that tin shed and starting on the sec-
ond twenty bushels, for it might be that
Kitty or Tom Osborne would come in there
at five or a little after and on that familiar
ground he could get over the shame of the
meeting. But that door was locked tight
and he turned back—cold, miserable, home-
less—and stared into the strip of murky
splendor in the west. The lawn was full
of chill, misty light, and the northwest
wind sang in the sere shrubbery and the
weathercock on the roof pointed unswerv-
ingly toward Seattle or Portland, or some
of the other places where he ought to be.

  Then, far above him, he heard a faint,
confused cry—a cry like the sound of a
pack of hounds heard over a dozen ridges
of hills. Springtime listened with his head
back, trying to locate it, trying to under-
stand what it was—then a resounding honk
from Archie told him that it was the cry of
wild geese on their way south—the inde-
scribable, romantic clamor of his brothers
of the air. As he peered into the northwest
he could just make out the pattern of them
—a long, slant line with its tip bent back
like a broken lance. Springtime vaulted the
fence and raced across the lawn, for in some
ways Mrs. Osborne’s whole life had been
shaped just for this moment—the moment
when Archie should be free to wing his way
up to his brothers in the sky.

  The messenger bolted up the steps,
opened the door, and shouted in:

  “ The wild geese! They’re coming over
now! ”

  He caught a glimpse of Mrs. Osborne's
startled face behind a tea urn and saw two
visitors turn their heads at the interruption.
Mrs. Osborne clutched at her glasses and

heaved herself to her feet, saying: “ Oh,
my good Heavens!” She dashed out onto
the porch and from there ran across the
lawn, peering upward and trying to see the
pattern of wild geese. Archie had his neck
thrust out of the bars of his coop and was
doing curiously limber things with it as he
looked up into the sky.

   His long beak opened and closed and the
yard was full of his brazen clamor, but the
clear cries which he sent heavenward were
somewhat blurred by the Indian meal, the
evening ration of which had just been set
before his coop. He would look up and
call, and then sink his head up to the eyes
in the warm mess, then look up again and
the coop trembled at his struggles.

   The lady of the house had put ineffectual
hands on the structure that housed him, and
was tugging at it. Already the pattern of
geese was directly overhead, so that when
Archie looked up, there was a backward
bend in his neck. Their melancholy chorus
came straight down.

  “Free him!” cried Mrs. Osborne, and
kicked at the coop. “ Set him free!”

   Springtime kicked it over with one blow
and Archie was free. He stood peering up-
ward for a second, honked, stretched him-
self up on his toes and spread his great
wings. Slowly he moved them, soft whis-
tling things that swept up small feathers
and set them whirling. His mistress stood
by him, raising her hands and letting them
fall as though she would waft him upward,
murmuring inarticulate words of encourage-
ment.

   There was no doubt that the broken wing
was healed, and more and more rapidly
Archie fanned the air until he rose a yard
off the ground and hung there for a mo-
ment. Then he came down as gently as
thistledown, and although his loud, clear
voice proclaimed him king of geese, he trun-
dled across to his platter and sank his beak
into it up to the eyes. The flock was drift-
ing south rapidly, and as their clamor be-
came more and more distant, Archie seemed
loth to let them go—once again he got a
foot or two off the ground, but seemed un-
able to hold his gains.

  Always he came back to the platter of
commeal, and Springtime, who began to see
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

943

that there were implications in the situation
which would be humorous, drifted off to the
shelter of a syringa bush, w*here, if he could
not control his laughter, it would not offend
that philanthropic soul who still stood, with
her arms following Archie’s movements, still
uttering sounds of encouragement, but be-
ginning to look blank as the wild geese
dropped down toward the south and Archie
remained on the lawn.

  At last the bird gave it up: he made his
decision in favor of civilization, and squat-
ting down before his plate, gave himself over
to wholehearted enjoyment of it. Mrs. Os-
borne looked blank, until, hearing some one
laugh, she turned and walked rapidly to-
ward the house.

  Springtime had whirled at the sound of
that delicious chuckle and found that Kitty
had appeared from somewhere—Kitty, who,
with her eyes alight and her hand over her
mouth, was trying to keep down unseemly
merriment. When Mrs. Osborne had gone

Springtime dropped the coop over Archie,
and the two laughed until they were weak—
so weak that Kitty had to be within the

curve of his arm for support.

  After a time their merriment subsided,

Kitty’s into a wise, little smile; Springtime’s
into a wide-eyed stare at the warm orange
lights that had come on within the house.
The rays from the windows shot out into the
gloomy, windy yard, where they seemed to
coagulate and settle into a warm nimbus
about Springtime and Kitty. Springtime
bent and touched her lips with his; but as
he raised his head, his wilder half rallied
for one last stand.

  “ In the spring, bo,” he said softly, “ in
the spring! ”

  Kitty looked up and the wise little smile
broadened a bit.

  “ Yes, dear,” she said.

  And to mix metaphors: “ Yes, dear,” ut-
tered in just that tone, has been the swan
song of many a wild goose.

                 THE END

   u	u	t?

     WOMEN versus NATURE

 YY/HEN Nature started on the job she didn’t grab the outside knob

 ” And slam the door and hurry home before her work was done;

 She merely did the best she could, and when she found the job was good,

 She dressed the animals and birds and loosed them one by one.

                                •

 In gorgeous hues she clothed the males—the birds with fancy wings and tails—
 She made them handsome to the eye in color and physique.

 The male must stand the greater test, and so Dame Nature thought it best
 (No doubt that probably was it) to make the female weak.

 The lion and the kangaroo, the peacock and the cockatoo,

 She clothed in raiment rich and fine—the females drab and plain;

 She spotted up the leopard male, she striped the tiger, plumed the quail.

 And handed all the female kind the honor and the pain.

 The human female only sees Dame Nature as a piece of cheese—

 She’s switched the system all about and thinks no more of Then;

 The Now is hers—she’s grabbed the clothes, and so with powder on her nose
 She turns it up some nine degrees whene’er she talks of men.

 Oh, Nature, how we need thee now! The farmerettes have grabbed the plow*;
 They’ve swiped our jobs and trades and arts—they've taken every chance.

 Oh, Nature, in your hour of ease—or any other time you please—

 Come! Hurry on the job again while we're yet wearing pants!

                                                                Miles Overliolt.
By RAYMOND S. SPEARS

FRENCH LOUEY grew restless with
the approach of frosty nights. He
jingled his rawhide bag of gold from
wolf bounties and hides, listening absently
to the tune it rang. His throat half formed
the moose call as he pawed the ground with
his moccasins, a longing for the wild in his
blood.

  “ By Gar!” he grunted. “ Time for me
to ru-un for de green timber! ”

  Keen frost lays the gloss on guard hair
of mink and otter; it starts the fur of mar-
ten, fox pekan, and all the land animals
to coming prime. The hardwoods let their
gay colored leaves flutter to earth, while
the spruce and balsam glaze with bright
reflections from the evergreen of their nee-
dle leaves.

  “ Time for me to smoke meat, jerk veni-
son!” the old trapper grinned, the scatter-
ing bristles on his leathery cheeks standing
out like silver wires. “ Firstest I know,
zat sou’west wind lay me by gull rocks
maybe till I freeze up! No chance it—
Come, now, you lazy scoundrel! Come—
hi-it Hi-i!”

  French Louey complained in bitter words,
but with twinkling eyes, of the fate that

dragged him each autumn from Talking
Birches, a buxom breed at St. Ignac, and
from another friend, Mrs. Wustane, both
of whom he had courted in vain, but amus-
ingly from age to age.

  Then he dropped in on Captain Argyle,
of the fish tug Little St. Ignac; ran in to
see the Dampier boys, lying at Black River
mouth. He danced ashore on limber,
springy legs, and he was pitched about and
tossed in his wonderful old sailboat, between
squalls as he scurried in and out, down the
coast of the North Superior shore, paying
his respects.

  “ By Gar!” he grumbled. “ I don’ lak
de looks, not a beet, of dat blue cloud down
by the sou’west! Ba-a—hi-i!”

  On some days, with a sweep and a swish,
the blue-cloud would make a grab, but he
would duck around a point, or under the
lee of something or other, cackling at the
squall that he just felt in the hair on the
back of his neck. The blowT gone*by, he
would go slipping out laughing and jeering
the vanity of squalls, and from the horizon
the dark swells of the “ windy mists ” would
reach up and draw back—for he knew
them; knew their nature; read their will to

9 A

944
FRENCH LOUEY’S DELAY.

945

   engulf him, as he knew the North Shore,

   East End, and the Green Timber.

    Thus he arrived at Blue Jay Harbor. He
sailed in with his red canvas spread to the
western zephyrs and a slant of a golden,
setting sun casting his long pointed shadow
in purple ahead of him. He sang the mad
joy in his heart, holding his tiller with one
hand, shaking his jingle-gold at the stone
along the water’s edge and toward the tall,
slim spruces, firs, and graceful silver birches.

   “ I come-e!” he cried. u French Louey
come-e! Hi-i! Sons o’ groons! Wolfs
look out—an’ dis tarn, ol’ boy, I bet I jerk
yo’ into sevum hunder pound of venison!

I bet-t! Dis tarn I do eet!”

   Wolves he detested, hated, and delighted
in. Toward moose he had a different feel-
ing, which he regarded with amusement and
exultation. The moment he heard the keel
scrape on the gritting sand of the landing,
he pranced ashore with a kind of spidery
jump, making fast with a line, but stopping
in a blank amazement as six or eight gor-
geous bluejays, puffed out in their winter
plumage, swarmed into overhanging
branches, and began to scold.

   They screamed, jeered, chirruped, whis-
tled, and spread the alarm of his arrival
until the chickerees back in the evergreens
began to call, and two or three ruffed
grouse took up the alarm, nervously, and
flew away with the subdued roar of their
kind.

  “ Dar yo’ go!” French Louey cried in
anguish. “Tam plue jays, scare all de
game, all de meat anywhere, an’ now where
I shoot my jerk, eh? What I live on dis
wintaire if I don’t jerk de moose?”

  He turned a gaze of malignant joy and
delighted indignation at the flock of birds.
He walked along the sand, peering and
stretching his neck. Sure enough, a few
rods distant he came upon a track on the
loose grit. Some great brute had trampled
there, taking long steps, and plowing heavi-
ly amid the scattering fall of autumnal
leaves.

   “ Dat's heem, all right!” French Louey
shook his head. “ The son of a goon! He
mak’ sevum hunder pound of jerk! I keel
heem, an’ look, I get fat on my ribs like a
—oh, like a bull moose, mebby! Mebby*

   10	A

too, I grow me a pair of yellow horns so

beeg, by Gar, I have a stiff neck! Here
he is yet! An’ you blue scoundrels! W’at

de t’un’er yo’ tell heem I come for? Hi-i!;
By Gar! I feex yo’ sons o’ goons!”

  He went rushing back to his boat. He
scrambled aboard. He dashed into the
cabin. He snatched up a .22 caliber re-
peater, emerged with it gesticulating, and
began to flash the muzzle up and down.
He made so many strange motions that the
flock of blue jays lowered their voices and
withdrew a yard into the fringe of the brist-
ling green timber.

  “Now look ’t!” French Louey sighed.

“ W’en I pull down on ’em, dey ain’ no
more in sight! By Gar! I feex ’em! ”

  He laid the little rifle to one side, and
began to prance ashore and about. He was
a most absurd figure. He threw himself,
spread himself, preened and posed, perked
up and strutted about—he seized now an
ax; tossed next a bundle; manhandled his
supplies; fairly danced to tunes that he
whispered or whistled under his breath.

  He paused to receive upon his finger a
bumpy, tubby, soft-eyed chickadee as an
old friend, and presto, out of the ruins rose
a beautiful tiny log cabin; out of the raw
wilderness appeared a trapper's camp; and
back under the wilderness canopy was a
flash of bright yellow as large as the man’s
small hand, the fresh blaze that marked
the line French Louey followed into the
green timber, with three or four steel traps
to the mile, each one laid for marten, or
fisher, mink or lynx, otter or whatever was
at the crossings.

  In four days the old man had landed his
outfit; in a week he was all snug, his boat
hauled out, and safe on its pole ways. He
scurried into the wilderness, clearing his
line of its impeding windfalls, dropping
traps at the cubby sites, keeping keen
watch for sign and tale of the wilderness,
reading the news of his quarry and his
peltry.

  For one thing, Old Hang-Nose was
around yet. Toward that bull moose the
trapper bore a particular, personal, instinc-
tive resentment. French Louey knew the
old boy’s hoofprints, whether in beach sand,
in caribou moss, or under the spruces in
946

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the deeps of dark purple, dead-fallen ever-
green needles.

  “ You wait, yo’ ol’ scoundrel! ” He shook
his dark finger at the heavy gloom beneath
the tree tops. “ Come de time yet w’en I
feex yo’, a 30-30 in de lungs, maybe, or
worse yet, in the throat or haid! Yah!
Put a good bullet in you an’ den w'at, ol’
Hang-Nose? Will you roar at me—-eh—
sh-h-h!”

  As if answering his challenge he heard
the call of a moose. It did not seem so
loud. It was not even exactly a heavy
sound. Yet it made the woods quiver, stir-
ring the timber, and it seemed as though
the masses of the cliffs and rubbed-down
granite mountains trembled to that grand
and rumbling wilderness music.

  French Louey rolled his eyes, blinked
and sucked in his breath; he stood by one
of his white birch bark wigwams, cone-
shaped, and a beautiful salmon color with
patches of pure white, which he had just
built anew on an ancient camp site. He
saw on a topmost twig over his head a buck
blue jay, a fine fellow, in whose feathers
shone the light of day. The instant the
man’s black eyes discovered the bird, the
jay dived from its perch and darted from
yiew among the evergreen thickets.

  “ Yeh! Yeh! Go tell dat ol’ feller I'm
here!” the trapper shrieked after the bird,
shaking his fist. “ Some day I lose my
temper, you tellin’ heem my business so
mooch! Yeh! I feex you—den heem!
Sevum hunder poun’ of jerk—dat’s w’at I
get! Sh-h! French Louey, yo’ keep yo’
mout’ shut—con’ say nottin’! To-morrow
—to-morrow! ”

  That night the big moose roared his chal-
lenge and uttered his love call. French
Louey listened to the sound. He knew that
voice. He had heard it during other au-
tumns. He knewr that as yet the old bull
was lonely, and that there had been no an-
swer to soothe the wild longings, to assuage
the terrible loneliness that made for misery,
while attaining to the heights of love-lorn
iecstasy. The trapper, too, had sung songs:
had uttered challenges; had memories of
Successes iong ago before there had come
jthe slow but sure passing of his own day.

  “ Shut up! ” he whispered from his bal-

sam boughs, as he was wrapped in woven
rabbit-skin blanket. “ Shut up! When I
hear you I think of me. You wait—to-
morrow! I feex you to-morrow!”

  He meant it. Before dawn he was cook-
ing a pair of grouse over a green birch fire.
He had his cup of tea. He warmed his
carbine over the fire and drew on his gloves,
as at false dawn he issued into the frosty
glow of stars about to fade.

  He had in mind the killing of a great
moose, to jerk the meat, to convert the skin
into snowshoes and thongs, and perhaps to
sell the horns and head for a hundred dol-
lars at Port Arthur for the next fall rush
of hunters seeking trophies.

  He left his trap line blazed through the
wilderness, swung south into a burning,
and skirted the tangle of briers to follow
along a bog of moss with half-drowned
trees, looking at the tracks there which told
how truly he had found his way to the
scene of the lonely bull's stamping ground.
French Louey held his forefinger in his
mouth for a minute, and when the tip was
well wet and warmed, he held it in the air
over his head. It grew cool toward the
west first.

  “Hi-i!” the hunter grimaced. “Were
dat ol’ boy go? Le’s see!”

  He found where browse had been nib-
bled, moss had been tom away in wads,
brush broken by huge horns wrestling with
it, ground pawed by big hoofs. He read
the signs and tracks, found the heavy foot-
steps which showed the direction of the
moose when he took his departure, and saw
on the trees where massive homs had
bumped the bark, rubbing it; with his rifle
grasped in both hands, thumb on hammer,
stepping with still moccasins, the hunter
gave chase.

  “ I catch de ol’ scoundrel asleep! ” he
whispered exultingly to himself. “ Den,
by Gar, in two secon’s he wake up—an' I
don’ care—hi-i!”

  Sunrise was now at hand. The golden
lights tipped the bare knobs of stony moun-
tains, and made the tops of the evergreens
gleam with silver and emerald. Waves of
relief from the black night frost came in
warmth across the landscape. A chickadee
uttered a tentative chirp, a wren made re-
FRENCH LOUEY’S DELAY.

947

  ply, and a chickeree whispered low, with
nerves on edge. Then squarely over French
Louey’s head there was a shake of a branch.
A voice broke with rasping shrillness on
the quiet.

  “ Wan-n-n-nh! ”

  French Louey froze in his tracks. Cold
chills ran down his back. His inouth

opened, his eyes bulged, his ears worked,
and his boney hands closed down on his
stock and barrel.

  “ Sacrc!” he gasped. “ Dat tamn plue
scoundrel! Blue jay—I feex—”

  He threw his rifle up. As he did so the
blue jay flitted a rod into the mass of ever-
greens and began to scream, call, whisper,
and jeer. The cry of alarm was taken up
far and wide by red squirrels and other
jays, and a flock of chickadees, in the jo-
vial innocence of their companionable
hearts, came to join the excitement: one of
them came plumping down onto the brim
of French Louey’s hat and tipped over to
look upside down into his eyes.

  The man heard a faint crash: he heard
a rattle of horns on standing timber; he
heard a branch break: he heard, not a hun-
dred yards distant, the moose racing
through the close-growing trunks.

  “ Der he goes!” French Louey gasped.
In two minutes I catch heem, by Gar!
Old Hang-NTose gone—I t ank you, Mee-
staire Plue Jay! Oh, yeh! I t’ank you!”
He turned to storm homeward to his trap
line camp, and, arriving there, he sat mo-
rosely for hours by the stick-fed fire in his
wigwam. When at last he bobbed out to
fell some white birch and block them off
for winter firewood, he muttered and cursed
under his breath while he slammed the
splitting blade in deep, or sent the cutting
edge into the soft, white wood. He glow-
ered at the visiting chickadees, and threw
chips at the impudent red squirrels. He
sighed with angry appreciation at the blue
jays and whisky jacks which came bobbing
and pirouetting around.

  “Dat oP Hang-Nose! ’’ the trapper
gasped. “ Nex’ tarn, by Gar!”

  He had his trap line to lay down for his
business of life. He scurried through the
woods, dropping a trap at each old cubby,
or stopping to build a new one where in-

stinct or memory bade him pause for sake

of a fisher, mink, or marten. He returned

to the range of old Hang-Nose, his cached

traps all taken up and distributed, his old
lines cut out, and his new loops run and
blazed. Light of pack, grim of visage, sav-
age of intentions, he went ransacking the
valley of boiling springs for the big moose.

   “ I need dat meat!” he said, reckless of
the rabbits, grouse, and fish which he had
hung up. “ Nothing lak bull moose to mak’
a man strong!”

  He found and followed the big fellow’s
tracks. They led through open burning,
across springy swamps of caribou moss,
through ridge gaps and into windfall where
the down timber was laid in heaps—top on
top. French Louey paused at the thicket,
which covered acres. He sat down to
scratch his chin; he whispered to himself;
then he heard a crackle of dead sticks, a
crash of breasted timber; he sprang to his
feet, sprang to a sloping spruce trunk, and
ran agilely to see the better.

   He saw a great, black figure, with bright
yellow antlers of enormous spread, with
tawny legs plowing through the tumble-
down tops. With a cackling shriek he
threw up his carbine, but even that slight
wreight cost him his balance. He tipped,
tilted, wavered with both hands, and a foot
sprawling in the air against the sky line.
Then he fell ignominiously into the bent
limbs of an underlying balsam twelve or
fifteen feet beneath.

  “ Sacref Sacre!" he squealed. “ Par*
bleau—hi-i! By Gar!”

   Barked shins, insulted dignity, and side-
long embarrassment settled upon French
Louey in equal proportions. Old Hang-
Nose was a devil; he was a wizard; he was
malignant, like a carcajou; and he was in
league with the laughing jays. No use try-
ing to bother with such a scalawag as that!
The trapper slunk away back to his own
line and quietly shot a yearling bull, dressed
out the meat, slit it into foot-long ropes
and salted them in layers on the inside of
the short-haired skin.

  After two days, in which the meat took
up the salt, he washed the a kali from the
strips, piece by piece. He swung the meat
on long, slender sticks, which in turn he
948

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

laid on a stout frame work. Under the
sticks he spread a depth of six inches of
white birch and maple green body wood.
The heat cooked the meat. As the fat
dripped, and the coals ashed over, French
Louey laid on strips of green wood as large
as his finger, which burned without smoke.
After four hours the meat stopped dripping.
It was cooked.

  “ Dar! ” the trapper grimaced. “I got
my jerk! I ask no odds of dat ol’ son of a
gun! Hang-Nose don’t starve me to death
—not this winter! I fool heem, dataway.”

  The trapper strode over the big hoof-
prints with high disdain — ignoring them.
When he heard the old boy romping through
the timber, hitting the trees with his huge
horns, the trapper sniffed indifferently.
When he saw a strange cow moose come
into the range, a strong brute with a bell
of her own, the old trapper put his hand
up beside his face to look away again.

  “ So dat’s eet, eh? To-night I’ll listen,
eh?”

  That night he listened, but only for a
while. He stared into the fire of the bark
wigwam, full of thoughts of his own. He
heard the old bull’s call; he heard the cow’s
answer—the first and only one to reply to
old Hang-Xose that fall, as the trapper felt
sure. For weeks the old fellow had been
raising his voice to the sky, had lowered
his mouth to the ground—and now his call
was answered; now his longings were re-
ciprocated.

  “ So!” French Louey said. “ By Gar—
hi-i!”

  Politely he rolled up in his blanket,
pulled the rabbit fur about his ears, and
went to sleep. A week later he saw the two
a quarter of a mile away across a lake whose
shores were fringed with ice. He was in a
cluster of balsam where he was swinging a
lynx snare. For minutes he watched the
two magnificent brutes as they grazed along
side by side.

  “Too tam bad!” he grumbled. “Now
I have all dat young bull jerk—I am not
to waste heem—huh! Mebby by and by!”

  Snow fell. The evergreens were bur-
dened; the opens were spread with the soft
blanket; the briers, ferns, and light weeds
flattened to the ground. The tracks of all

wild life led hither and yon upon the white
page. The great moose and his maid laid

their tracks with those of the others.

  Pekan ran bounding, otter leaped and

slid, lynx walked with dignity, and foxes
paced about, step by step. Nervous snow-
shoe rabbits bounded and jerked back and
forth, and on their multitude great snowy
owls, the weasel tribes, the foxes and big
cats fed, as on the up-starting, noisily fly-
ing grouse as well.

   French Louey caught them with his bul-
lets, shooting five, whose misfortune he
jeered while he cursed the weights of their
beautiful black and heavy hides. He caught
mink, and marten, sneering at their fierce,
unintelligent ways; he called otter particu-
larly silly and insignificant, though they
were the hardest of all to catch, except
wolves. Toward the tracks of wolves he
crossed he carried himself with vociferous
mockery of respect—and shot two while
they were sleeping on the sunny side of tiny
balsams where they had pawed beds
through the snow to green, deep moss.

  “ Wolves! Wolves!” he chuckled, shak-
ing his bag of gold at the limp, dangling
gray hides. “ Dar-r! Fool wolves!”

  The snow was only a few inches deep,
but he carried snowshoes wherever he went.
Any day the dark leaden clouds might fluff
down in deep waste of heavy snowfall. He
made the most of the frisking life that
spread its record in the trackings who?e
footprints he read with such instinctive un
derstanding.

   A wraith of the green timber, he flitted
hither and yon, tending to his terribly ef-
ficient steel traps; choking lynx who did
not know what was strangling them; pick-
ing up tracks of furs that he knew—here
a certain black-tailed fox—there an otter
with a snaky slide, and always w*hen he
came to it, turning to follow it for a few
rods, however tired he might be, along the
trail of old Hang-Nose or of the big cow
who now ranged his range.

  French Louey wondered about that bull
moose. He would drop on his hands and
knees, making sure that the old fellow was
eating a caribou moss and not taking goat-
berry leaves. He would reach with a long
stick, to examine the tw igs of slender birches
FRENCH LOUEY’S DELAY.

949

    where the moose had stood on his hind legs
    to chank the sweet, tasty, young bark.

   Now that the urge of need no longer
  drove the trapper’s trigger finger to the
  carbine guard, French Louey noted that he
  saw the big moose.

“ Every tarn I look aroun’, by Gar, w’en
I don’ need to see ’m!” the trapper whis-
pered under his breath when he saw the
black giant stalking along in the gloom of
heavy timber, or out in the thin footing
over open moss.

   Sometimes the two looked each other in
the darkling eye, each uncertain of the
other’s intentions—yet the moose decided
to mind his own business, turning to vanish
without haste in whatever cover was con-
venient. The cow, more shy, more reticent,
kept clear, and seldom loomed in the fore-
ground.

   Snow followed snow. What had been
convenient tracking, showing whither the
pekans ran, where the mink crossed from
stream to stream, was now a deep, fluffy
mass against which the broad chest of the
bull moose plowed, and in which French
Louey lifted high his long raquettes, com-
plaining bitterly that he was too old for
such nonsense; pausing, however, to bandy
words with a flock of blue jays, or talk
soothingly to some still-living victim in his
pretty cubby, ere it had jerked the well-
sweep clear to lift it by a caught paw to
swing hopeless and helpless—a bit of living
fur in its doom.

   Until New Years, French Louey was all
enwrapped in the best of the year’s trap-
ping. After the sleety thaw of January he
took the leavings of the fag end of the sea-
son. Working harder, he caught less; bit-
ter cold, meaner snows to combat, desperate
storms to weather—he grew weary with his
sustained endurance; he saw his quarry
growing gaunt as food grew scarce.

 When he met the old moose Hang-Nose
he saw in the shaggy coat a certain lean-
ness, and in the lowering eyes a certain
heaviness of experience. The huge antlers
had disappeared, having fallen from the
bull’s brow, leaving odd scars. Without
them old Hang-Nose was even a more im-
posing brute, with his enormous head, his
short neck, his high shoulders, and his slop-

ing back and comical little tail. The cow
remained near, too. When French Louey

happened by the pair he saw the female
drawing away, while the old bull interposed

himself in a casual way on his retreat.

  “Hi-i!” the trapper whispered. “So
they go—together!”

  Late in February sleet and freeze gripped
the wilderness in crush and misery. For
four days French Louey was held in one
camp, because the snow would not even
support him on his raquettes. The freeze
covered the snow with a crust which, when
it broke, showed edges as sharp and points
as cutting as soft glass.

  On his snowshoes he could skip about,
skating whither he would. He found his
traps catching the wandering meat-eaters.
He snared lynx. He looked eagerly, hop-
ing for bears to come out from their dens.
He listened at night for the wandering
wolves whose hunting cry was worst in the
time of crusted snow. He carried his rifle,
plenty of ammunition, and wasted no hours
of light of the lengthening days. Dread
of the bitter cold, of the fanged wilderness
affected even the taunting and buoyant
spirits of the old trapper.

  He was glad to come back to Blue Jay
harbor now. The background of the grim
old lake, with its floating fields of ice, its
splash of blue gray waters, and its impassi-
ble barrier, was less menacing than the co-
vert of the green timber where the dead cold
oppressed even the habituated toughness of
French Louey himself.

  He was unafraid. He merely wondered
at the voices he heard; he merely shrank
when he saw a moving shape out of the cor-
ner of his eye; he merely shuddered when in
the sparkling, starlit night he heard the
voice of an owl, and the far-yelping cry of
the hunting packs.

  Old Hang-Nose and the cow had retreat-
ed from some miles inland to the heavy
balsam fir and spruce knoll flats just within
the lake’s walls of red stone. When French
Louey came down to his log cabin, in from
the snow-covered hulk of his little sailboat
as it lay drawn out on the beach, he found
that the two moose were yarded at his very
door.

  “Dat ol’ scoundrel!” he gasped. “ De
950

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

impudence of heem! W'en I don’ want
iheem, hyar he is! W’en I want heem,
w’are is he?”

  The two had tramped up and down
through the swamp thicket making deep,
narrowr paths in the snow. They had
walked astride tall, slender birch saplings,
and, having borne down the tops, had eaten
the long switch branches. They had not
waxed fat, but they had lived well, com-
pared to some of the gaunt yarded beasts
he had seen in other parts of his trapping
land.

  There, within a few acres, French Louey
and the two moose occupied a common
shelter of forest canopy. The two brutes
did not welcome him. Far from it! They
plowed aw’ay with snorts and heavy blow-
ings; but the trapper knewr their tracks,
and did not need to see the moose to recog-
nize them.

  He sat that night by his little stove, with
its chunks of good body-wood, warming
his hands while the white frost lining of the
cabin slowly blackened as the heat melted
the tiny crystals, leaving instead drips of
water which dried, and the wonder of a
warm room in the terrific cold was enjoyed
by the old bones of the man. He had at last
so hot a fire that his red stove drove him
to the near wall, and when he tried his
breath, for the first time in weeks he could
not see it.

  “Hi-i!” he chirred, like a red squirrel.
“ Hi-i!”

  When he turned in on his bunk, which
he had covered a foot deep with shingled
balsam boughs, he enjoyed the luxury of
an open blanket, with full warmth. Three
times, at intervals of a bit more than an
hour, he filled his stove. When he awak-
ened the next time it was with a start and
a bound that brought him suddenly to an
erect position.

  He listened, cocking his head. He shiv-
ered as he drew on his heavy shirt before
sticking an ear through an open doorway.
When he heard clearly, he reached to pick
up his carbine.

  “By Gar!” he gasped. “Wolves!
Wolves running—wolves hongry!”

  Starved, gaunt wraiths of the arctic cold,
driven by famine need of their shrunken

flanks, wolves had ceased sneaking and
slinking through the green timber, and they
were packed together now while racing in
the open, the voices of their hunger whin-
ing as they howled in the star-lit night.

   “ Der!” he whispered. “ Behin' de blark
streak ridge—through the gap, now—Garry
—dey’re cornin’! Now down to boiling-
water creek—up—up! Shu-u!”

  He knew the ledges from which the
voices echoed; he knew the deeps of the
valley gorges where the pack’s course was
muffled; he stiffened as he heard the full-
throated yelling when on a height the pack
gave wide voice to open range.

  “Dev go by!” French Louey assured
himself. “ Dey go on down, maybe, to
Pukaso, to Pilot Harbor, prob’lv to Dog
River! Dey go off der!”

  That was his wish, his hope. But sud-
denly he heard them utter an outburst of
lust of blood in eager discovery.

  “ WT,at? W’at?” the trapper gasped.
“ W’at dat?”

   For a minute he could not guess the an-
swer. The pack had found a trail, full of
promise, which made them thirst the noisier
with famine hope. At first he tried to be-
lieve he was mistaken; then he thought it
was his own trail—but he knew his trail
was somewhere north of east of the starved
chorus.

  “ By Gar!” he muttered. “Old Hang-
Nose—hees femme, eh? Parbleau!"

   French Louey stepped into the open, all
clear, listening the harder. He heard the
fearsome thing of that dread wilderness.
He heard the wolf pack, a numerous and
hungry one, coming squealing and yapping
along the track of some victim — French
Louey rose on his tiptoes as he saw in his
imagination the thing that was soon to take
place.

  Old Hang-Nose was coming, plowing
through the snow, the sharp crust cutting
him. The belled cow was coming, too,
heavy and slow in that deep tanglefoot.
Driven by such hunger the wolves could
not easily be held off by even the quick
blows of the long, slender legs of the big
bull. The cow, his mate, was in dire need.
The trapper blinked, staring at the snow
beyond the shadows of his cabin in the
FRENCH LOUEY'S DELAY.

951

  starlight. He was used to tragic aspects
of the wilderness. He was himself—though
he did not say so—one of the most tragic

of all.

  “ Sacri!” he grumbled, shrugging his

shoulders. “Dat’s too bad!”

  He could do nothing. He stood listening
while he heard the wolves in thirsty pur-
suit. They came nearer. Their voices
grew louder. He heard them sight their
prey in the starlight. He heard their wild
cries of lust and eagerness. Then he heard
the snarling as the pack closed in. He
heard them tumble back, yelping and dis-
mayed. He heard them whining and mus-
tering their courage again—heard them race
on, and then heard another baying; heard
another closing in, as hunger drove arrant
cowardice to assault in which some must
endure hurts and breaks.

  French Louey was jumping up and down.
He was uttering short cries and making
gesticulations. He was beside himself with
Gallic excitement as he heard that terrific
but losing fight for life coming nearer. The
woods were in an uproar. The dark timber
quaking with thunder from the heavy freeze
that split frozen trunks, echoed to the
squeals and mouthings of the pack.

  Then the man could hear the crash of
breaking snow crust; he heard frozen
branches as heavy brutes surged through
the dead tops of fallen timber; he heard
the heavy breathing, the explosive gasps
as the two moose struggled against the
swarming pack of agile, grabbing, blood-
thirsted wolves.

  The moose came plunging nearer. The
old bull whipped back the increasing pack
for a minute, and suddenly, right fairly at
hand, the cowT broke cover. Then the bull
staggered out, broadside, striking at the
shadowy things swarming around.

  “Hi-i! Hi-i!” French Louey screamed
and cackled, and jumping high, reckless of
consequences, he dashed the few yards
along the hard path to his smoking little
spring, to plunge into the metee.

  He threw up his carbine, shooting as he
glanced along the side of the short barrel.
He saw with satisfaction the red flash of
powder: he heard a loud snarl tum into a
howl of frantic grief and agony. He threw

seven bullets into the light, leaping wraiths.
He thrust more shells into the magazine, to
empty it again into the gray devils, as they
would have conquered.

  For half a minute the wolves would not
believe what was happening. They tasted
warm blood in their mouths; but the most
frantic could not withstand gunfire, or the
shrieking, triumphant, battle-loving human
prancing at them.

  The pack vanished in the timber—those
that could go. Silence fell upon the wil-
derness with a kind of crash. The howls,
yelps, the very whines disappeared. French
Louey himself grew still. He heard gasps
and sighs on the ice of Blue Jay Bay. He
saw the two black figures, one of which
stood on wind-swept ice beside the other, as
she lay sprawled where she had slipped.

  “ Huh!” French Louey blinked at the
two. “ Well, by Gar-r-r-r! ”

  He returned to his cabin, softly closing
the door. He stirred the fire, put on some
chunks of wood, and shivered with cold that
succeeded the perspiration of his rapid
violence.

  In the morning, just after dawn, he
slipped craftily out. He saw old Hang-
Nose and the big cow, with crimson icicles
down their breasts and legs, walking stiffly
up into the swamp cover again.

  The bull turned a pair of small, darkly
suspicious eyes in the direction of French
Louey, who stopped short, water pail in
hand. The two stared malignantly, stead-
fastly, full of mutual defiance, snorting
softly and even with challenge; then the
moose walked with deliberation as suited
the gait of his weary but sale mate with
her burden. When they were in the woods
the trapper filled his pail, set it in the snow,
and then viewed the grisly wretches of the
night hunt as they sprawled in the stained
snow.

  “One—two—five—six!” he counted, on
his fingers, and raising his blackened hands
fistwise at the victims of his natural aim-
ing, he swore. “ I teach you something,
trying to rob me of my jerk next fall! I
teach you, you bet! Damn gray scoun-
drels! Hi-i! Now I shook my wolf-gold at
you. an’ put some more een dat ol’ raw-
hide. eh? Hi-i! By Gar!”
By C. S. CALLAHAN

IT would be in the nature of a miracle
if either Kinkel or Kunkel were to “go
up ” in his lines; but if such a surpris-
ing thing should happen there isn’t the
slightest doubt that any vaudeville aud-
ience in the country would be able to
prompt them.

  The act is as much an institution as the
Constitution or the Fourth of July. More-
over, the Constitution has been amended
nineteen times; while not even the oldest
inhabitant can remember any addition to,
or subtraction from, the Kinkel and Kunkel
turn.

  They made their debut in the days when
vaudeville was variety and not considered
a respectable form of entertainment. Its
exponents toiled mostly in beer halls and
dime museums. The partners were fond of
referring to the good old times when they

gave ten performances a day for thirty
dollar a week joint, and had to share
their dressing room with Achoo, the trained
seal; Kuao, the missing link, and the two-
headed boy.

  But that’s all past and gone. Now they
headline at the Empress, and their salary
runs into four figures.

  Kinkel is a little fat man, who adds to
his embonpoint on the stage with the aid of
a large stomach pad. Kunkel is tall and
thin, and increases his height by wearing
high heels and a built-up wig.

  Their acting clothes are checks of aston-
ishing pattern, and their hats the flattest
of derbies. They both sport chin whiskers,
and employ a splintered German dialect in
their dialogue. There is always a round of
applause when the partners come trotting
out. Then Kinkel says to Kunkel:

(ecmh~,
THE END JUSTIFIES THE MEANS.

953

   “ Who was dot lady I seen you wit’ jes-
terday?”

   And Kunkel replies:

   “ Dot wassn’t no lady. Dots my vife.”

   Then Kinkel reaches up, and sticks his
thumb in kunkeFs eye. ,Kunkel retaliates
by kicking Kinkel in the stomach. Kinkel
arises, and smites Kunkel over the head
with his cane. Kunkel kisses Kinkel lov-
ingly on the forehead, and then kicks him in
the stomach again.

   Is it any wonder the audience shrieks
with laughter at the greatest knockabout
act on the stage?

  Who can yodel as Kinkel does, or who
else executes a wooden shoe dance with the
grace and aplomb that is Kunkel’s?

   Long may they flourish and continue to
delight the refined and intelligent.

  Now the Scylla and Charybdis of the
show business are extravagance and the
ladies. The Thespian mariner who steers
his bark safely between these two perils,
can reasonably hope to keep out of the
Actors' Home in his old age.

  On the first count the partners were
unanimously acquitted by all their acquaint-
ances. As Eddie Maloney, the monologue
man, said: “ Either one of them birds makes
Harry Lauder look like a Coal-oil Johnnie.”
Indeed he went further, and asserted that
if Kinkel and Kunkel were to be placed
a thousand miles apart, and either one
were to spend an unnecessary dollar, the
one who did not squander the aforemen-
tioned wealth would immediately experience
a violent attack of heart failure.

   There isn’t the slightest doubt that they
were a pair of hard-boiled eggs.

  Darts from feminine eyes glanced from
the couple as harmlessly as peas rattling
on a hippo. They had never paid any ali-
mony or breach of promise; and they never
under any circumstances bought refresh-
ments or gewgaws for female acquaintances.

   But there is no armor so impervious that
Cupid cannot find a loose joint for one of
his arrows. Also it is a well-known fact
that Achilles ramped around for many years
before his mushy heel was discovered.

   The electric sign in front of the Oriental
Theater in Toronto bore the names of
Kinkel and Kunkel—and Dotty Tremaine.

  It was die opening matinee of the week,
and the comedians were in their dressing-
room, busily engaged in donning their pro-
fessional war-paint.

   “ Who’s the jane that’s toppin’ the bill
with us?” said Kunkel. “ I never heard of
her.”

  “ I dunno,” responded Kinkel. “ She’s
from the other side. First week over here.
Bill MacNutt says she’s there. Guess I’ll
go up an’ give her the once-over. She
closes the first half, an’ we ain’t on till
after the intermission.”

  Kunkel lit his pipe and engaged in a
game of solitaire while his partner wras in-
specting the new arrival. When Kinkel re-
turned he was obviously excited.

   “ Say, that Tremaine’s a panic,” he said.

“ She just knocked ’em out of their seats,
an’ they’ve been sittin’ on their hands all
afternoon till she went on. She done three
encores an’ took six bows, an’ even then they
wouldn’t let her go. Had to throw on the
house lights an’ start the orchestra to kill
’em off. I ain’t seen anybody in years that
can put over a song better. An’ she sure
is a sweet patootie in tights—looks some-
thin’ like Russell did years ago. She’ll be
a riot in New York.”

  Kunkel was rather surprised at Kinkel’s
enthusiasm, as that gentleman usually con-
fined his remarks on other performers to
what is professionally known as hammer
throwing. However, he refrained from any
comment.

  That evening Kunkel viewed Miss Tre-
maine’s act. The lady was indubitably a
genuine “ trouper.” She knew how to “ put
over ” a song in the way that comes only
with years of experience and real ability.
Also she wore gorgeous costumes, and looked
dazzlingly beautiful in the glare of the spot-
light. But make-up has been known to
cover a multitude of wrinkles.

  “ She knows her business, but she ain’t
as young as she was some time ago,” so-
liloquized Kunkel.

  After the Tuesday matinee, Kinkel sur-
prised his partner by the celerity he dis-
played in getting out of his stage clothes
and into his street habiliment.

  “ What’s the excitement?” he inquired.
“ Puttin’ on a disappearin’ demon act?”
954

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Can’t a guy be in a hum- without
you openin’ your yawp?” demanded Kinkel
fretfully. Then he seized his hat and
exited, giving the door a violent slam.

  Kunkel whistled thoughtfully as he re-
moved the grease paint. What ailed Kin-
kel? Why the irritation at this perfectly
natural question?

  He was still debating his partner’s un-
usual conduct as he walked to the hotel.
The street was crowded with bundle-laden
shoppers, floppers, newsboys, and the usual
flotsam and jetsam of a big city. Suddenly
he stiffened like a pointer sighting a covey
of quail. Right ahead of him was Kinkel,
and he was with a lady. The lady was
Dotty Tremaine. The plot jellies.

  Kunkel trailed behind the couple, and
every few seconds he wiped the perspira-
tion from his brow. A man recovers from
the smallpox or a broken leg; but falling
for a skirt has put many an empire on the
bum. His worst fears were realized when
he saw his quarry enter an eating place.
It was the best restaurant in town too.

  Kinkel was clearly hooked. Never before
had he been known to purchase food for
anybody but himself; and never for himself
in a first-class establishment.

  That evening Kunkel reached the theater
early, and at once made his way to Bill
MacNutt’s dressing-room.

  Mr. MacNutt was a sturdy man who
had appeared before the public for a number
of years. His conversation during perform-
ances was confined to “ hup ” and u ready.”
He was the “ understander ” of “ The
Bounding MacNutts,” a troupe of acrobats
well and favorably known in both hemis-
pheres. Probably' the fact that he was un-
able to talk while on the stage rendered him
exceedingly voluble when off.

  “ Say, MacNutt,” began Kunkel. “ You
knew this Dotty Tremaine over in England,
didn't you?”

   “ Sure I did,” said Bill. “ I worked with
her at the Empire in London, an' all over
the Moss an' Stoll time. That gal’s some
performer. Don't see why she didn’t come
over here years ago. She’s gonna mop up
in New York.”

  “ Kind of a vamp, ain’t she?” asked
Kunkel with affected carelessness.

   u No-o-o.’’ replied Bill judicially. “ I

wouldn't say she's a vamp. She’s more
what I call a anaconda. She’s had four
husbands that I know of. Probly there
was more. Always had bad luck with ’em.
One committed suicide, another was a ani-
mal tamer, an’ wound up inside a Hon. The
last one was Henry Teeters. Course she may
have got another one since, that bein' four
years ago. You might have knowed this
Teeters. He was over here "bout ten years
ago—played the Orpheum time. Big tall
fellow, with a mustache an’ goatee. People
used to turn around an’ rubber at him. he
looked so much like the devil. He was one
of the best jugglers in the business. Billed
himself as Bozo, the Demon Prestidigitator.
Remember him?”

   “ Don't think I do,” said KunkeL
“ Where is he now?”

   “ That's hard to say. Near the tail end
 of the war he went over to France with
 one of them entertainment units. He was
 walkin’ down the street one day, an' the
 Dutch dropped a ‘ Jack Johnson ’ alongside
 of him. When the smoke cleared away
 there was no sign of Bozo. So people
 naturally figured he’d gone awav some-
 wheres.”

   Kunkel returned to his dressing-room
and mechanically made ready for the eve-
ning performance. .After all the years of
peace and quiet, Delilah had Samson in the
toils. The Serpent was in the Garden.

   It’s an old truism: the older they are the
 harder they fall.

   Kinkel’s infatuation was the talk of the
 theater. He dined and lunched his fair
 charmer: he lavished boxes of candy, and
 flowers galore.

   ** She’ll have him jumpin’ through the
hoop an’ playin’ dead,” was Bill MacNutt’s
gloomy prediction. ** It's about an even
bet he marries her in Buffalo next week.”
Kunkel viewed the situation with anguish,
but there was nothing he could do. Kinkel
had been of age for many years, and pre-
sumably had cut all his eye-teeth.

   Many a theatrical team has been wrecked
 by feminine wiles. A dissolution of Kinkel
 and Kunkel would be a catastrophe akin
 to a break between Damon and Pythias,
 or the Smith brothers.
THE END JUSTIFIES THE MEANS.

955

  The following week, the partners, Miss

  Tremaine, and the MacNutt act were
to appear at the Majestic in Buffalo. From
there Miss Tremaine was to go to New
York for ten weeks of Keith time, while
the other two turns journeyed to the State-
Lake in Chicago.

  In the division of labor connected with
their business, it was Kunkel’s duty to pur-
chase transportation and attend to the bag-
gage, while Kinkel looked after the orches-
tra rehearsals.

  So on Sunday morning at Toronto Kun-
kel bought the tickets for Buffalo and
checked the trunks. He was seated in the
waiting room, talking to Bill MacNutt,
when his partner entered with Miss Tre-
maine.

  “ Lookit," whispered Bill hoarsely.

“ He's carryin’ her grip.’’

   In the theatrical world, carrying a lady’s
hand-baggage is as much a badge of servi-
tude as Fido’s collar.

  “ Ow are you this morning?” said Miss
Tremaine sweetly.

  " G'momin','’ responded Kunkel stiffly.

“ S'pose vour hotel trunk goes to Maloney’s,
Kinkel ?’:

  Maloney's was a Buffalo boarding house
favored by vaudeviIlians of economical
tastes.

  Naw. it don't," said Kinkel. “ Send it
to the Statler.’’

  On the trip to Buffalo Kinkel sat in the
ladies' car with Miss Tremaine, while Kun-
kel rode in the smoker with Bill MacNutt.

  ‘‘To think of him floppin’ for a dame
after all these years,’’ said Kunkel.

  " I never knew a man yet that didn't
get landed sooner or later," observed Bill
sagely. “ You ain’t never safe till your
hands is folded an' the lid’s nailed on.’’

   *• Well, I’d give a hundred dollars if some-
body would push that she body-snatcher off
the bridge when we’re crossin’ the Niagara
river,*’ declared the worried comedian.

  Kunkel was nearly made-up for the Mon-
day matinee when Kinkel came in. For
many years Kinkel had worn a five-carat
diamond tie-pin. It was a beautiful stone,
and worth twenty-five hundred dollars. It
was Kinkel’s most cherished possession.
To-day it was not in his tie.

  “Hey, Kinkel!” yelled Kunkel. “ Yer

ice is gone. You ain’t lost it?”

  “ Naw, I ain’t lost it,” growled Kinkel.

“ I’m havin’ it set in a ring.”

  Kunkel said no more, but he sought Mac-
Nutt at the earliest opportunity.

  “ Say, Bill,” he said, “ Kinkel’s havin’
his lamp put in a ring. I wonder what for?”
“ I ain't wonderin’ a-tall, I know,” re-
plied Bill. “ I was with him this momin’
when he took it to the jewelry- store. He’s
gonna have it set in platinum, an’ give it to
Tremaine. It won’t be ready till after the
matinee Saturday. Looks to me like it’s
gonna be an engagement ring.”

  “ The dem fool is crazy,” groaned Kun-
kel. “ What’s he want to go an’ get mixed
up with a old hen that’s had half a dozen
husbands already? I wisht I knew some
way to wake him up before it’s too late.”

  “ It sure is gonna make a bum outa
your act,” said Bill. “ If I knowed any'
way to help you out, I’d do it. That
woman’s a regular octypuss.”

  That night MacNutt hailed Kunkel as
he was coming off the stage, and mysteri-
ously drew him into a comer.

  “ I gotta grand idea doped out,” he said.

“ It’ll either be a hummer or a bust; but I
think it'll go through. If it does, Kinkel

11	save the diamond an’ lose the jane. Are
you game to chance a hundred on it?”

  “ What’s this glorious idea?" inquired
Kunkel.

  “ I can t tell you,” said Bill. “ Y’ou just
gotta take a chance. I ain't gonna make
a cent on it.”

  “ All right,” said Kunkel recklessly*. “ Go
ahead an’ shoot.”

  The subjugation of Kinkel was complete.
As a lover he made Romeo look like a piker.
His expenditures for food, candy and
flowers fairly appalled his partner.

  “ He’s gone clean off his nut.” he wailed
to Bill. “ In thirty years I never seen him
let go a dollar before unless he had to.”

“ Aw, they're all that way when they’
get mushy,” said Bill soothingly. “ When
he’s over this, he’ll be tighter than ever.”
“ Yeh." said Kunkel. “ But is he ever
go in' to get over it?”

  “ You wait an' see,’’ replied Bill with an
inscrutable air.
956

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  WThen he came into the dressing room on
Saturday night, Kinkel produced a velvet
box, which he opened with a flourish.

  “ Ain’t it a nifty?” he inquired.

  It was indeed a beautiful ring. The
stone in its platinum setting resembled a
ball of fire.

  “ Are you really goin’ to give that to
Tremaine?” said Kunkel.

  “ Why shouldn’t I? It’s mine, ain’t it?”
demanded the Romeo. “ An’ furthermore,
I’m goin’ to ask her to marry me. She’s
the sweetest little girl I ever met.”

  “ Girl! ” repeated Kunkei scornfully.
“ She’s had six husbands.”

  “■ She’s had four,” said the infatuated
one. “ She couldn’t help it if they all
died.”

  The minute the curtain was down on the
performance that night, there was a rush
and bustle on the stage. The acts on the
bill were scattering to all points of the
compass. Some to Pittsburgh, some to
Canada, some to Boston. Kinkel and Kun-
kel and the MacNutts were to leave at
eleven-forty for Chicago. Miss Tremaine
was to take the midnight train for New
York. So Kinkel would have to work fast
with his presentation and love-making.

  Pieces of scenery hurtled across the stage,
propelled by frenzied stage-hands. Actors
ran up and down, grip in hand. Trunks
bounded out of dressing-rooms, and crashed
on the floor. Dogs barked, and out in the
alley the transfer men were loading bag-
gage and hurling abusive language at each
other. It was the invariable Saturday
night pandemonium.

  Kinkel was waiting for Miss Tremaine,
and Kunkel hovered around, vainly hoping
that some miracle might save his deluded
partner. Bill MacNutt’s scheme, whatever
it was, had evidently evaporated, and that
gentleman was not in evidence.

  Miss Tremaine, as befits a lady and a
headliner, was the last to leave her dress-
ing room. She came tripping across the
stage, with a smile dimpling her cheeks.
Suddenly the anile vanished; her eyes
opened wide; a look of horror spread over
her countenance.

  As Kinkel advanced to meet her, he was
rudely thrust aside by a tall stranger. The

unknown wore a black mustache and goatee.
There was a demoniac air about him. All

he needed was the red suit to be Mephis-

topkeles.

“ Well, Dotty,” he said. “ Ain’t you got
a kind word for your lovin’ husband?”

“ Ow-o-o-o,” wailed Miss Tremaine.

  You cawn’t be ’Enery. T) was blowed
hup in Frawnce. You don’t talk like ‘im.
Ow-o-o-o! ”

  Then Miss Tremaine gave vent to a
piercing shriek, and promptly fainted in the
arms of a convenient stage hand.

“ Let’s beat it,” said Kunkel to Kinkd.

  Kinkel allowed himself to be led away.
He seemed to be walking in a trance. All
the way to the depot he never uttered a
word. He kept close to Kunkel while the
baggage was being checked. He sat in the
waiting room, watching each arrival appre-
hensively; and he continually wiped his
perspiring forehead, and moistened his lips.
It was not until they w’ere seated in the
sleeper, and the train was pulling out of
Buffalo, that he spoke.

  “ I’m cured,” he said. “ No more skirts
for me.”

  “ It’s a lucky thing for you that her
husband turned up when he did,” said
Kunkel severely. “ Half an hour more,
an’ you’d have lost your rock. Funny
thing him showin’ up that way; he was sup-
posed to be killed in the war.”

  “ Well, I’m darned glad he wasn’t,” said
Kinkel decidedly.

  The train was late into Chicago, and they
had to rush to make their opening perform-
ance on time. It was not until after the
matinee that Kunkel encountered Bill Mac-
Nutt.

  “ I sure did put it over, didn’t I?” said
Mr. MacNutt.

  “ You put what over?” inquired Kunkel.
“ I didn’t see you do anything.”

  “ Why you dumb-bell,” said Bill, “ didn’t
the guy show up just right to spill the
beans? Who do you think brought him
there?”

  Do you mean her husband?” said
Kunkel.

“ On the level, you’ve played Dutch so
long that, you really are thick,” said Bill.

“ Why you poor fish, that wasn’t her hus-
THE END JUSTIFIES THE MEANS.

957

band. That was a guy named Wally

Hughes. He's a legit, been out of work all
season. I got him on the long-distance
Wednesday night, an’ told him I’d give
him fifty dollars to come up to Buffalo.
The way he’s fixed he’d kill his grand-
mother for fifty bucks. I had to wire him
a ticket an’ pay his board. He sure was a
dead ringer for Bozo when he was made-up.
When Tremaine got wise I’ll bet she let
out a terrible holler. I just spent about a
hundred, what with givin’ him fifty, an’ the
fare both ways from New York.”

    U

  Slowly Kunkel counted a hundred dollars

into Bill’s outstretched, caMous mitt. He
sighed as each bill left his hand.

  Mr. MacNutt pocketed the money.

  “ I dunno,” he said dubiously. “ I don’t
feel just right about it. Resurrectin’ a
husband that’s been planted for four years
is kind of a raw trick to pull on a woman.”
“ Oh, it is, is it?” rejoined Kunkel. “ Now
let me ask you. Is it half as raw as it is
for her to try an’ glom a twenty-five hun-
dred dollar stone off a poor old sap like
Kinkel?”

BAKER AND BREAD-LINE

       H E was a baker's apprentice
       And bent his
       Back to the mixing and kneading.

        Night after night he spent his
        Youth for the oven’s feeding.

        Night after night, night after night
        He sweated his soul and seared his sight.
        Sweltering, but succeeding.

       Journeyman then, then master;

          And faster
       He served the Molochian altar.
       Acolyte, exorcist, pastor.

        Telling the loaves of his psalter.
        Pan-load and man-load and trav-load,
        Oven-load, counter-load, dray-load.
        Never a day did he falter.

       Then when the long years had tired him.

          They fired him.

        Every job has its dead line;

        Past it, nobody desired him.

        So, in the charity-fed line.

       He of the mixing and making,

        He of the infinite baking.

        Stands in the bread line!

Edmund Yatice Cooke.
IZZY KAPLAN’S KOLUMN

Received via W. 0. McGEEHAN

THE PRICE OF A PASS.

       rHA NKS to the fact that Izzy Kaplan not only looks a gijt horse in the mouth,
       but hires a veterinary surgeon to help him, and thanks also to the assiduity o’]
       his listening partner, IK. O. McGeehan, who separated him from the result of
       his researches, this magazine is enabled to present to its readers a dramatic warn-
       ing entitled, “The Price of a Pass.”

           There never was a time when Izzy would have bought the Woolworth Build-
       ing for fifty-five dollars from an open-faced stranger in a check suit without asking
       for a receipt. Nevertheless, his friend succeeded in extracting from Izzv, in a con-
       fidential moment, the admission that he, the all-seeing optic of sport, purveyor of
       the lowest down in dope, and unblushing associate of newspaper men, had once
       bitten at that infamous confidence game, the free pass, older than the gold brick,
       and more effective than the slungshot.

            Izzy has reserved the motion picture rights to this gripping bit of literature,
       for he feels that through them he still has a chance to get his eighty-seven dollars
       and fifty cents back.—The Editor.

E and Moe Koenigsberg ain't good friends no more
on account I chust gave him a smesh in the eye.
What did he done to me? Well, I will tell you.
That feller ectually went and offered me a free
gratis pass to the Polish Grounds to see the Giants
playing a baseballing with the Pittsburgh Pieiaces.

       You are esking me why I should hit a feller
a smesh in the eye on account he only offered me
a free gratis pass to the Polish Grounds? That
shows you ain't had no experience with the free
pass business. When you been in the woild as
long as I been and know about that pass thing you would hit your own brother on the
chin if he tried to give you a free pass.

      Listen good and I will told you how I found out about the free pass business.
   I got it a friend which he is a sporting editor and he writes for the papers when he
   gets it a good inspirationing from the sympathetic gin. He told me confidential that
   he never did like the stuff, but on account of the great nerfous strain which he is

958
IZZY KAPLAN S KOLUMN.

959

under it all the time he takes a little bit of it so it should deaf out his brain and
even' time I meet him he is having his brains cleared out.

     Well, one day I went to him and I said to him: “ Helloi, Jim, do me for a favor.
Get me a free pass to the Polish Grounds on account I would like to told my friends
in Harlem that I was sitting up in the Pest Box with all the big fellers. Maybe they
would think I am so important that I could run for a district leader.

    He said: “ Izzy, passes is hard to get on account the Giant menegement don’t
think no more of a pass than they do of their right eye. They want all of the cus-
tomers to be strictly cesh, but for you. Izzy. I would done it. You are more like a
brother than chust a plain sport.”

    So I told him I was much obliged about it, and he whispered me: “ First, Izzy,
I know it a place where they got the real stuff. No hooch, Izzy, and no good-natured
alcohol. The feller had this stuff in
his cellar before the Germans inwaded
the Bullgines and the war was.”

So what could I done? I took
him to the choint, and the drinks was
eighty-five cents and the glesses
wasn't so large, neither. We had
about six or seven drinks on account
of the sociability, and me and the
feller was good friends, and he said
my woice was a fine tenner and me
and him would be a fine quartet for
Sweet Addlestein,” which is a nice
song when you are singing it right.

FINALLY I GOT THE SPORTING
EDITOR TO COME OUT.

When the feller wouldn't
sell us no more of the stuff
which he had it before the
war was we went out on
the street, and my friend
the sporting editor said:
“ Izzy, it is bad for the
digestion that a feller
should see it a baseballing
game without he had a good lunch. The excitement loosens the epiglotus and unless
the system is tightened up by food a feller is likely to catch anything.”

    That sounded like a good adwice, so I took him to Solomon’s Cafe and we had a
lot of lunch so we wouldn’t get weak or nothing while we was watching the baseball-
ing. In Solomon’s there was a lot of chenuine old-fashioned, eight per cent beer
which they fix it up by mixing a little ether in the nearly beer. We had eight or ten
seidels of this and it was wery nice to wash down the food.

    Me and Mr. Solomon, which he runs the restaurant, is wery good friends, and
he wouldn’t overcharge me nothing, so the whole check was only twenty-four dollars
and a haluf, which inclusioned the beer and the seidel which the sporting editor threw
into the looking glass when he was showing me how Mr. Alexander, of Chicago,
throws it the curve out.

Finally I got the sporting editor to come out of the place on account it was get-
960

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ting almost time for the baseball to commence starting. He wanted me to prectice

“ Sweet Addlestein " out on the corner on account he said it sounded much better in
the open air. where you could get the effect of it much nicer. But there was a
politzman stending by, and I don't like to get into no argerments with politzmen on
account wunst I lost at one the same time three teeth.

     I wanted him to get in the subways, but he stopped me. “ No, Izzv,” he said.

“ T never ride to the balL park in the subways on account it would disturb my train
of thought. WTe should take it a texiceb on you on account 1 am getting you into
the Polish Grounds for nothing.”

     So we got into the ceb at the bridge, and the Polish Grounds is out by One Hun-
dred Fifty-Five Street, and the clock was going around pretty fast, so that 1 am
beginning to wonder about the whole business. When we get to the Pest Gate, where
they let it in the free customers, the bill is fourteen dollars and a haluf.

     Pretty soon we are in the Pest Box down by the wire, where the baseballers is
starting to prectice. A fresh feller comes up to me and he esks me what paper 1 am
with. I told him I was with them all and not against any of them on account I want
to be nice and friendly. Then he says: “ You got to beat it.”

     I looked at the sporting editor feller, but he was asleep and maybe letting his
brains have a rest so he would have it a good inspirationing to write it a piece for the
paper. I shook him, but he wouldn’t wake up, and pretty soon comes it a politzman,
who says: “ Outside, you.” I wouldn’t give him no argerment, so I went outside
and I looked in my pocket so I could buy it a ticket to see the baseballing, but I never
had a dime left. Before I started I had eighty-seven dollars and a haluf.

     Then I went up to the feller which is selling tickets to the cesh customers and I
esked him how much was ft a ticket.

     “ With the war texes and everything inclusioned it is one dollar and ten cents,”
he told me.

     Then I started to edd up all the expenses, and I came to the conclusion that a
free pass was not a good business. I spend it eighty-seven dollars and a haluf for a
free pass and I don’t even see the baseballing when I could have got in for a dollar
ten cesh money. Ain’t that a good proof that cesh is the best way to do business,
even you don’t get no discount?

     So that is why I hit Moe Koenigsberg a smesh in the eye. A feller that thinks
I would take it a free pass eny more is giving me a insult, because only a feller who
is pretty dumb would take it a free pass to anything. Passes is nix with me from
that time on no matter who is giving them out. When you get something for nothing
you would find out that it is nothing at all that the feller who gave it to you for nothing
would got something when you wasn’t thinking.

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS

    Jacob E.—Sure, it is true that 1 am out of Harward Uniwersity. I was thrown
out from there when I was taking photografts of the footballing. Also I could say

.	that I been thrown out from better uniwersities.

|	Next Week Izzy Kaplan will tell

I	HOW TO SCORE FOOTBALL GAMES.

10 A
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Miracle of the Wilderness

/N the heart of a forest—

high up in the purple-topped Adirondacks, where the snows fall
early and stay late, a hunter sat down in the great silence to rest.

Leaning on his gun, he fell asleep and dreamed * * *

The forest melted away. In place of the fragrant pines that swept
the sky and the giant oaks that closed in about him, quaint cottages
dotted the mountain-side. In place of the native fox and deer he
hunted, the wilderness was suddenly peopled with many sick—
seeking the blessing of health * * *

The huntsman was Edward Livingston Trudeau—"The Beloved
Physician.” The doom of consumption upon him, he was carried
to the Adirondacks to make his last days as comfortable as possible.

This was nearly half a century ago. In those days Consump-
tion—now known as Tuberculosis—was looked upon as a visi-
tation of Providence—was considered unpreventable—incurable.

Then came the Miracle—

of fresh air, of sunshine and rest. Soon Dr. Trudeau was hunting
and fishing again. The summer past, he returned to the city. A
relapse brought him back to try—as a last hope—a winter in
the frozen wilderness. Suicidal mania, friends said. Cold air was
regarded as fatal to Consumptives.

Dr. Trudeau thrived on it and lived for forty years in the mountains that taught
him how to use for himself and others the greatest weapons against Tuberculosis
—fresh air—rest—sunshine.

Closely following Koch’s great discovery that a germ — the tubercle bacillus—
causes Tuberculosis, Dr. Trudeau learned to recognize the little "rods of red.”
Soon physicians everywhere learned to detect the disease in its early stages and
thousands of lives were saved. For it is in its early stages that Tuberculosis can
be cured.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine*
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 To bring the sick—

 the many tuberculous sick—from the cities to the healing wilderness was the
 dream of the beloved physician. He realized his dream when he built the Adiron-
 dack Cottage Sanitarium, the first sanitarium for the open-air treatment of Tu-
 berculosis in America—now a wonderful city of houses built inside-out.

 One million sufferers from Tuberculosis—

 is the estimated number in the United States right now. The disease attacks
 lungs, skin, brain and bone. Beggar and millionaire are exposed. It attacks all
 ages—from babyhood to old age. Acute danger periods are infancy and early
 adult life. The greatest death toll is exacted between 35 and 45—the most pro-
 ductive years of life—just when the family is most dependent on breadwinner
 or homemaker.

 No medicine will cure Tuberculosis—

 but it can be cured by fresh air—day and night, winter and summer, rain or
 shine. By rest, good nourishment, freedom from worry, and supervision by
 trained physicians. Most of all, by sunshine in the home and sunshine in the heart.
 Better than cure is prevention through regular examination by
 physicians, sanitary living and working conditions, and always
 fresh air and sunshine.

 A great crusade is being waged. Since 1904 the Tuberculosis
 death rate for the United States has been cut in half. But the
 fight is not the fight of any one country. It is the fight of all
 Humanity. And when all Humanity fights then shall the Great
 White Plague that has whitened the world with tombstones for
 more than two thousand years be driven from the Earth.

 Before health work was started, there
 was a death from tuberculosis every
 eight minutes of every working day of
 eight hours among Metropolitan policy
 holders. The disease still causes one-
 twelfth of all the deaths in this country.
 If this proportion is allowed to con-
 tinue, it means that among the people
 now living in the United States over
 9,500,000 are doomed to die from this
 preventable disease. Working with
 National, State and local organizations
 —the Metropolitan Life Insurance
 Company has reduced the Tuberculosis
 death rate, for its policy holders, 49%
 in ten years. As one-seventh of the
 population of the United States and
 Canada is insured in the Metropolitan,
 the lowering of the death rate vitally

 affects the entire country. Eight years
 ago the Company built a sanitarium
 at Mount McGregor to care for sick
 members of its staff. In the first seven
 years there were 896 cases of Tuber-
 culosis discharged. The reports show
 that SO'/e of these employees are back
 at work. For five years the Metropol-
 itan has supported a demonstration of
 health work in Framingham, Mass., a
 manufacturing town. The Tubercu-
 losis death rate in that time has been
 cut in two. The Metropolitan issues
 a booklet telling how to prevent, how
 to cure Tuberculosis. A free copy of
 "A War On Consumption” will be
 mailed to all who ask for it.

HALEY FlSKE. President

 L -

    is

  1 :'<tj

 ;,ai-

 N;, .... ' Cmir.. ’ •

£

 | j C'-' v'	<* * v Jfc _

    IP-

 L

cPublished by

METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY-NEW YORK

In ant\cer\ng thU advertisement it Is desirable that you mention this mapa:lne.
ARGOSY ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

[MowTb

 Learn j
 Plano /

Stop Wondering How I Teach Piano:

,- ru Show You, FREE!

    Year after year you've seen my advertisement in all the leading
    J publications, offering to teach you piano in quarter the usual time.
    Year alter year my school has grown and grown until now 1 have

TfcWi___ Jz far more students than were ever before taught by one man. In

------------1921 over a thousand students graduated from my Piano or Organ

                   course and received their diplomas.

             ; Vet when I first started giving piano and organ lessons by mail in
             ^ 1891 my method was laughed at. Could my conservatory have grown
             t as it has, obtained students in every State of the Union, and in fact,

--practically every civilized country of the world, unless it produced

^	v«y unusual and satisfying RESULTS for its students? See for

                 yourself what it is that has brought my method so rapidly to the
             j front. Write for free booklet and sample lessons.

                 Now, for the first time, you can obtain sample lessons without
                 charge. In the past, I have always been opposed to sending out free
                 lessons, even to persons who were seriously interested in my course.
                 But my friends have insisted that I give everybody a chance to see
                 4 for themselves just how simple, interesting and DIFFERENT my
                 -T « ’ lessons are, and I have consented to try the experiment for a short
                 time. Simply mail the coupon below or write a postcard, and ^

--the 64-page booklet and sample lessons will go to you at once f

           absolutely free and without obligation.	/

           j Within four lessons you will play an interesting piece /

        ^ * on the piano or organ, not only in the original key, but in /

    all other keys as well. Most students practise months before Q _ t
    M they acquire this ability. It is made possible by my patented

         invention, the Colorotone.	^

                     Another invention, obtainable only from me is my hand-
                     operated moving picture device, Quinn-dex. By means of <

         K, *■ Quinn-dex you actually see my fingers in motion on the q
piano,and can learn just how to train your own fingers. Q
^	^ When I say that I can teach you piano in quarter Q

                       the usual time, do not think that this is too Rood
                       to l>e true. Modern inventions and improved A'

—u X,	methods have accomplished just as great won- ^ f

''	i ders in other branches of education. You /

•if	A at least owe it to yourself to investigate. /

___Send coupon or postcard at once, l>e- f

y-*-	jm fore the offer of free sample lessons t AiMrrs*

       is withdrawn.	/

V£Uinn

Conservatory

  Studio, AF51, Nov.

  598 Colombia Road,
  Boston 25. Mas*.

  Please send rao. without oost
  or obligation your free booklet.
  *• HbW to Learu Plano or Organ.”
  free sample lessons, and full varti-

  culars of your method.

 Naiue.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this maijasinc.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                                                                                                                         "'"MM,

 AFFIDAVIT QJ

1	JUojuo VJ

 L HEREBY ArHRM THAT 'f
 A W.L.DOUGLAS SHOES \
 I KlVt ME THE BEST VALUES '

  | FOR MY MONEY IN STYLE
  \l COMFORT AND SERVICE
  J fV* fc-1" 9 « £LuU04> j

 W.L.DOUGLAS I
 PEGGING SHOES AT
 7 YEARS OFACE.

W LDOUGLAS

$5.00 $6.00$700 &$82o SHOES «

W. L. Douglas $7 00 & $8 00 shoes
are absolutely the best shoe val-
ues lor the money in this country..

All W. Ii. Douglas shoes are made of the best and
finest leathers, by skilled shoemakers, all work-
ing to make the best shoes for the price that
money can buy. The quality is unsurpassed. The
smart styles are the leaders in the fashion cen-
ters of America. Only by examining them can
you appreciate their wonderful value. Shoes of
equal quality cannot be bought elsewhere at
anywhere near our prices.

\V. Li. Douglas shoes are put into all of our 1X0
stores at factory cost. We do not make one cent
of profit until the shoes are sold to you.

WEAR W.L.DOUGLAS
SHOES AND SA VE
MONEY.

11■ is worth

W.L.Douglas S4-00&S4.50 shoes for
boys, best in quality, best in style,
best all around shoes for boys.

dollars for you to remember that
when you buy shoes at our stores

YOU PAY ONLY ONE PllOFIT.

No matter where you live, shoe dealers can sup-
ply you with \V. ij. Douglas shoes. They cost 110
more in San Francisco than they do in New York.
Insist upon having AV.L. Douglas shoes with the
name and retail price stamped 011 the sole. l)o
not take a substituteand pay extra profits.Order
direct from the factory and save money.

J j fsJ	y> Write for Catalog Today

                        A President W L. Douglas Shoe Company
r	J40 Sparll St i Brockton, Mom.

NO JOKE TO BE DEAF

-Every Deaf Person Knows That

fOgv j make myself hear, after belne deaf for S6 years
with these Artificial Ear
j Drums. 1 wear them dm- and
■« 1 niarht. They are perfect ly

. comfortable. No one sees PyJflBfa

•	1 them. Write me and 1 will	Mf

- / tell you a troe story, how I

Kot de&t and how 1 make you H.dinii.d Eer l>ro»
A hear. Address	p»t. Not. 8.

,'••1 CEO. P. WAY, Artificial Ear Drum Co.

38 Adelaide St., Detroit, Mieh.

WHITING-ADAMS

 BRUSHES

Demanded by Master Workmen. Advertised by
All Users as the Best. Methods of Construction
Render Failure Impossible.

 Send for Illustrated Literature

 JOHN L WHITING-J. J. ADAMS CO., Boston, U.S.A.

 Brush Manufacturers for Over 113 Years and the Largest
 in the World

TnniiimTn-rni 11 r

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

djAMONDS

and other Jewelry

ON CREDIT

Gibson instruments

 Mandolin* Mandola, Mando- Cello#
 Guitar. Tenor-Banjo, Mandolin*
 Banjo. Cello-Banjo. Guitar*
 Banjo. Harp-Guitar.

Mando-Bass —

                                    Select yoar Gibson now. Yaac&n
soon be placing the music of the
day. Your friends will be surprised
md delightfully entertained. Let us help
you or-’anire a Gibson Orchestra in
your community. You can increase your
popularity, income and pleasure by playing
for Concerts. Entertainments, Church Affairs,
etc. A small down payment and then $3 a month
Will soon pay for a Gibbon and will furnish you with
whoW^ffle. year*'round entertainment. If you have an old instrument, we
wilt m*ke liberal allowance on a Gib*an. Write for Free Book. Catalo«r. Free
Trial Offar,Information about Wm. Place. Jr. Book and Instrument you prefer.
GIBSON MANDOUN-GUITAR COMPANY
JO! O Parsons Street	K.t.m»*oo. Mich.. O. «. A.

'ftEARN MONEYS

4P AT HOME 4P

  Bo your own Boss. Make 25 to 75 Dollars a week at
  home in your spare time. We guarantee to make
  you a Show Card Writer by our New Simple Method.
  No Canvassing or Soliciting’. We sell your work and
  pay you cash each week, 110 matter where you live.

Illustntsd booklet and term*/rve

 THE DETROIT SHOW CARD SCHOOL

 U.S. Office	Canad'an Office

 ill Dinan Bui Id In*	11	Security I

  Detroit. Michigan

Shave, Bathe and
Shampoo with one
Soap.— Cuticura

  Cuticura Soap is the f avoritef or saf ety razorshaving.

Munsey’s Magazine

       Is America’s greatest and best all-flction
       monthly. It prints more good stories of all
       lengths than any other fiction magazine. It
       contains ono hundred and ninety-two pages
       of delightful stories—four or five serials, a
       long complete novelette in each number, and
       from ten to fourteen short stories by the
       cleverest writers. A book of great stories
       every month for twenty-five cents. A year’s
       subscription $3.00.

AN IDEAL HOLIDAY GIFT!

FARN MONEY

 k AT HOME 1

\/OUcan make $15 to $60 weekly in your spare time
writing show cards. No canvassing or soliciting.
We instruct you by our new simple Directograph sys-
tem. pay you cash each week and guarantee you steady
work. Write for full particulars snd free booklet.

   WEST-ANGUS SHOW CARD SERVICE
72 Coiborne Building	Toronto. Can.

10 ony advertisement on this page it

"the house of quality”

Lw-SWEET INC

1650-1660 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

is desirable that you mention this magazine.

U I— $60.00	# N?—$85.00	N3—$100.00

These 14K. solid gold rinse with white gold prongs are s*t

with superior Quality blue-white, perfect • cut diamonds un-

ex cel led in quality.

N4 —S e r en blue-
white diamonds set
in Platinum, form-
ing solitaire clus-
ter ........$48.50

 hi-e

 nu
 bo

 ship rtn*= set with
 5 blue-white dia-
 monds .. $135.00

 N* —B c autiful
 hand-e n g r a v e d
 white gold mount-
 ing set with su-
 perior Quality blue-
 white diamond

S50.00

ri-

 num top. KTt*n
 gold ring set with
 onp suporior blue-
 white diamond.

$40 00

PiS — Gen»le:aen's

nKiSslw: hand-en-
graved Belcher
ring one sui>er!or
diamond $45.00

 Sum ring—diamond set
 i heart shape design.
 The sides of ring are
 har.d carved and pierced
 with four C u p i d

 N 9 -These white

 gpio- in verted
 hearts art- set with
 one superior Qual-
 ity sparkling dia-
 mond ......S75.00

lO

MONTHS

TODAY Synonymous of lore.a* TO P A V

r>VI

 Your choice of these splendid SWEET specials:
 genuine, blue-white, perfect-cut diamonds. Sent
 OX APPROVAL. Examine at Our Risk, then
 pay only one-fifth of the price if satisfied, balance
 in ten monthly payments. SWEET’S Policy:
 You must be satisfied or no sale.

     Beautiful De Luxe
     Catalogue FREE

 Amazing- collection of Precious Gems. Watches. Jewelry,
 Silver ware.etc.. featuring srifts you will be proud toirive, richly
 i-ieiured. The Lowest l’ric»*s, the Htghest Quality. Ten month*
 to pay on everything. Write today. Address Dept. 822-S.

Capital $ 1,000,000
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

$70to$90Daily

 MAKE MONEY

 sAT HOME®

Address

Deformities
of the Back

 Thousand* of
 Remarkable Cates

An old lady* 72 years of
asic, who suffered for many
years and was absolutely help-
less, found relief. A man who
was helpless, unable to rise
from his chair, was riding
horseback and playing tennis
within a year. A little child,
paralyzed, was playing about
the bouse after wearing a
Philo Burt Appliance three
weeks. We have successfully
more than 45,000 cases the past 20 years.

30 Days' Trial Free

We will prove its value in
your own case. There is no
reason why you should not
accept our offer. The photo-
graphs show liow light, cool,
elastic and easily adjusted the
Philo Burt Appliance is — how
different from the old tor-
turous plaster, leather or
steel jackets.

Every sufferer with a weak-
ened or deformed spineowes
it to himself to investigate
thoroughly. Prico within
reach of all.

Send For Our Free Book.

If too will describe the cue It will
bid us in atvin* >ou definite inf or-
[nation at once.

PHILO BURT MFG. CO.

105-23 Odd Fellows Tempi*

JAMESTOWN. N. Y.

THE OLDEST AND BEST ALL-FICTION
MAGAZINE PUBLISHED

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY

          Ten Cents—AU News-stands

 FLESSNER Brothers have hit their
 stride. Under date of Aug. 29, 1922,

  they say: "Did $300 last week. Have aver-
  aged this amount during the past few
  weeks. Some days we take in $70, $80
  and $00.” Others coining money too. Ira
  Shook’s place regular magnet. On holidays
  receipts run high as $375. My CRISPETTE ma-
  chine does the trick! Makes those wonderfully deli-
  cious, toothsome confections that sell right and left.

Big Money in Crispettes

 Money—lots of it—for those who start the
 CRISPETTE business. Gibbs writes; “Sold
 $50 first night.” Master's letter says; "Sold

  $40 in one hour.” Erwin’s boy (going to school)
  makes $35 every Saturday afternoon.

I Start You in Business

  I furnish everything—secret formula, equip-
  ment, supplies, etc. Experience not neces-
  sary. It’s a project you can handle. Amazing
  successes everywhere — cities, small towns, and so
  on. CRISPETTE habit grows and sticks wherever
  introduced.

$1,000 Month Easily Possible

  You are successful from the very start. No
  slow building-up process. Business grows
  by leaps and bounds. Some men wholesale to
  stores, others do direct retail business. All reap won-
  derful financial harvest. Raw materials plentiful and
  cheap- Profits enormous. Do not do another
  thing until you have clipped and mailed coupon.

Perfect hearing is now being restored in
every condition of deafness or defective
hearing from causes such as Catarrhal
Deafness, Relaxed or Sunken Drums, Thick-
ened Drums, Roaring and Hissing Sounds.
Perforated. Wholly or Partially Destroyed
Drums, Discharge from Ears, etc.

Wilson Common-Sense Ear Drums

  “ Little Wireless Phones /or the Ears n
require no medicine but effectively replace what is lacking or
defective in the natural ear drums. They are simple devices,
which the wearer easily fits into the ears where they are
invisible. Soft, safe and comfortable.

  Write today for our 168 page FREE book on DEAFNESS,
giving you full particulars and testimonials.

        WILSON EAR DRUM CO., Incorporated
208 Inter-Southern Building.	LOUISVILLE, KY.

  YOU can earn from $1 to $2 an hour in your spare time wnting
  show cards. Quickly and easily learned by our new. simple
  “Instructograph** metHod. No canvassing or soliciting : we teach
  you how, guarantee you steady work at home no matter where you
  live, and pay you cash each week.

                 Full particulars and Booklet Free.

           AMERICAN SHOW CARD SCHOOL
 202 Ryrie Building	Toronlo, Csa

long EAKINS CO.

11 f I High St., Springfield. Ohio

Pleas« send me at once full details of the CRISPETTE
business.

Name

In answerino any advertisement on this page it is detiroble that you mention thie mopazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

      -j rprr Your Choice of either Cuff Links
      M ■ ■»»» or Bar Pin with orders for 2 Rmgi

        P To Introduce tbeee arooderfcl Duunita Gems we will fir* L
        r~j absolutely tr«« the choice of Gold F Cn3 Licks or Bar Pin.
        rj beauUfuily designed, to those orderin* two Rise* Tboa- r
        'S-t »and« now enjoring Diamite R.ngs. Get roar* today. L

    SEND NO MONEY—No Installments :

        J We oar poaU**-Too rimlc nothing. Jost Mnd foor name t
        J addreea and number of rings you wmnt Send strip of paper j*
        j fitting «od to eDd over finger joint. When ring arrives Pay J-
        J postman pries »bown (no mors; if not entirely satisfied h,
        J after 5 days, return rln* ar.d set your money back State lZ
        J your choice of free sift wbeo ordering 2 rings. Send today, jr*

    GARFIELD IMPORTINC COMPANY

       PJ ‘ SoU Importer* Genutns Dtamii* Grrr.s
       3935 W Washington Blvd. Dept. 139. Chicago

             ttm iviTi1 'tu .-mur.) a: : fTrrrrti

For quick relief try PISO'S — A most
effective lynip different from all others.
Safe and sane for young and old. Pleas-
ant - no opiates — no upset stomach.
35c and 60c sizes obtainable everywhere.

PISO’S—For Coughs and Colds

   Here's a Prescription

 for CougHs

r

TYPEWRITERS

17/» o Ha V soon p»r« fora genuine
a YJ<Xj vHiblet ndrrwoo<l or
L.C Smith rebuilt Typewriter. Save $20 to
$30 on famous Lax it m Easy Payment plan.

Handsomeiy rtni*be«i. ^Y«*ar Guarantee. :«)

Day? Triai. Send for FREE Book TODAY.

    l&rkm Cora?.

BUFFALO, N....

                  Uaro at hom« by mail, to mount birds,
                animats, game heads; tan furs, make rugs
                id robes. Complete lessons Easily aod
                k quickly learned by men. boy3 and women

                          171? Writ* today for Free Taxidermy
                    t*	Booh Tell* ail about It. E*ery

                                 sportsman Hunter Trapper and
                    Nature iov»r should know this wonderful fasctoat-
                    Ine art Save four trophies Bur profits Sorr***
                    guaranteed. One wfwol U 20jr*«ri o*d — 75 000
                    j graduates. Investigate today Writ* for Pres Book.

 WuSwwlpiStfcMlrfTnaCTy 2278 Bmd 81*.. Ostia. Kdi.

 Present Position .
 Address---------

Are You Living on
“Promises?”

*‘I can’t do anything for you right now. Bill, but
I’ll certainly keep you in mind. We’ll hope for
something a little later.”

— -\ diplomatic way of saying ‘Nothing doing!”
And yet—every employer everywhere is ready to
raise the mnn whose work justifies an increase.

W hy continually refuse to face the issue?

What you want is not a pleasant smile and a
promise ’—but real advancement—such advance
ment as is reflected in the iollowing statements
by LaSalle ttained men.

     LaSalle training has taken me from the $65-a -
     month class to a present earning power of
     over n 000 per annum "

    *	Jost received another raise of $600. This
    makes a total gain of 400 per cent since 1
    started training *’

    Passed bar examination with second highest
    honors in a class of seventy-one ”

    1 was Mill Superintendent with no practical
    experience in a business way when I started
    the course Within one year I was promoted
    to General Superintendent. Within a period
    of three years LaSalle training has increased
    my income from 1250 a month to 16.000 a year. ’*

    I nave had an increase of nearly 60% m the
    last six months as a result of LaSalle training
    under the Problem Method — but it is the
    foundation which I am building for something
    better that gives me the greatest satisfaction."

Those statements are not unusual. Thousands
of letters in the files of LaSalle Extension Uni-
versity tell the same enthusiastic story. Men in
the humblest positions, men of merely average
ability are rapidly stepping into the big-pay posi-
tions—simply because they have had the good
sense to acquire specialized training under the
LaSalle Problem Method.

Are you an cxccptien? Not a bit of it!

The coupon will bring you without obligation
full particulars of the training you are interested
in together with details of out convenient payment
f lan also your free copy of that inspiring book,
‘Ten Years’ Promotion in One.”

It is a simple little aliair—that LaSalle coupon—
but it has started more than 350,000 ambitious
men on their way to bigger things
Make today the important day in your life—by
signing and mailing the coupon NOW.

LaSalle Extension University

The Largest Business Training Institution in the World
DepLll3 2-R	Chicago, Illinois

Gentlemen; S«*nd without obligation to me
information regarding course indicated below:

□	Business Management □ Modem Business Corre-
ct Modern Salesmanship spondence and Practice

□	Higher Accountancy □ Modern Foremans hip

□	Traffic Management and Product,on Methods
Q Railway Accounting and^ er8.°?/ie aod Employ-

Station Management	“cnt Management

□	Law—Degree of LL. B. □ Expert Bookkeeping

□	Commercial Law	O Business English

□	Industrial Management O Commercial Spanish
Efficiency	□ Effective Speaking

□	Banking and Finance DC. P. A. Coaching

Name____________________________________________________

In ansveerinp any advertisement on this page it it desirable that you mention Shis magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

YOU CAN PLAY THE HAWAIIAN GUITAR

JUST LIKE THE HAWAHANS!

Because Our Native Hawaiian Instructors Will Help You

Our method of teaching is so simple,
plain and easy that you begin on
piece with your first lesson In half,
hour you can play it! We have reduced »
the necessary motions you learn to only
four—and you acquire these in a few
minutes. Then it is only a matter of
practice to acquire the weird, fascinat-
ing tremolos, staccatos, slurs and other
effects that make this instrumentso de-
lightful. The Hawaiian Guitar plays
any kind of music, both the rael
ody and the accompaniment.

FREE

 *Pl

course of 52
lessons in-
cludes FREE a beautiful
Hawaiian Guitar, all the
necessary picks and steel
bar and 52 pieces of Music.

Special arrangement for lessons if you
have your own Guitar.

Cbis /Ifcahes a SplcnWO Christmas ©1ft

JUST TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY.
First Hawaiian Conservatory of Music, Inc. i

233 Broadway (Woolworth Building) NEW YORK 1

Please send me full Information about your 62 easy lessons

   and FREE GUITAR OFFER.

   Name.

  Town.,.....................State.

WATERBURY

J{a4ioUte

The waterbury

Radiolite, like the famous
Ingersoll Yankee, leads in ns field.
A jeweled watch that combines
stamina and style. The small,
popular 12-size. Graceful from
antique bow to fine, open face
that glows in the dark. Four
jewels. Bridge construction.

Ingersoll Yankee *15°

 America’s most reasonable, reliable, watch Id
 the best known time*piece in the world.

A New Novel Starts
With Every Number!

A YEAR

A	TS the subscription price

 ^Ktl.	I for the ARGOSY-ALL-

*	| STORY WEEKLY-

the best buy for the money
in existence. This magazine
appears on every newsstand
-' in the United States Thurs-
day morning of every week. It contains the
best selection of mystery, romance, love,
adventure and humor produced in the Eng-
lish language Nearly two hundred of the
serials that appeared first in (his magazine
later appeared in book form and were sold
at from $1.00 to $2.00 a copy. At the low-
est estimate these stories, if bought in book
form, would have cost a bu>er not lets than
$150.00. If you want to save $146.00 per
annum on books alone here is your oppor-
tunity. The income tax keeps us jumping,
but there is another tax worse th»n that: —
the outgo tax The former is fixed by the
government. The latter is fixed by yourself.
A word to the wise is sufficient

 52

NOVELS

     HIS meant full-book-
length stories all de-
livered into your hands
in one year. If you prefer to
buy the magazine weekly
instead of subscribing in ad
vance the price will be $5 20
— a simple problem jn math-
ematics. Take your choice The amount
of money involved it littleor nothing Aside
from the full-book-length novels you will re
ceive 52 novelettes and not less than -400
short stories, up-to date, well written,care-
fully selected, first class, smashing tales
The ARGOSY ALLSTORY WEEKLY
is a clean magazine planned to pleaie the
whole family. No other fiction publication
contains a higher standard of literary excel-
lence. It is the best buy in popular fiction
ever offered the American public. It is quitt-
impossible for anyone to read four copies of
the ARGOSY ALLSTORY WEEKLY
and not becomc a steady reader.

Argosy-Allstory
Weekly

TEN CENTS A COPY

 In answering any advertisement on tilt vase it I* desirable that jit/u mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 —the world
 greatest Industry. Millions
 of cam. tires, battene*. etc. need
 wnsUnt service. Thousands of trained
 men needed. Wonderful opportunirie* open to
 men who "know how rone to Michigan State
 Auto 8chool and get this training now our course tlt«
 you to fill any automotive Job. Our graduates always iA
 demand. More than 18.000 graduates thruout world hold-
 ing food jobs or in business for themselves.

Make $2,000 to $10,000 Yearly

  Fit yourself to fln one of these bi* pay job*. Our count*
  complete m every particu'ai—cov»r» every point In auto con-
  struction. repair. and upkeep. In.-ludes auto*. trucks, trac-
  tor*. farm Iiirht plunt-i. ira» vnrii--------• -

  tensely interesting and practicel

  batteries. brazm*. welding. machine shop wort. etc

Special Courwi on tires.
*--b — No thins

       intrrFdinc an«j prai"

 _______a “—*— ‘ ”

  omitted.

      Learn in Detroit-tha Auto Center

  Our School, located in Heart of Auto Industry five*
  our students best opportunities and advantages
  Fully endorsed by Bitftrrst Auto Factories. Factory
  executives and Service Managers helped outline
  oar Courses. They ein- oar students fullest
  cooperation IT 1*A YS TO COMK TO M. S. A ^

  S. and learn the Auto Business n*ht. in the flR \
  Aato Center of the World.

  Cet the facta. Write for free catalog See' - *

  what other* have done—then iret busy. Show
  your *rit. ” Buck up ** and cot in the rame.
  tie a winner. We'll help you. Write today.

  MICHIGAN STATE AUTOMOBILE SCHOOL
  751 Auto Bid*..	Detroit. Mich.

     Will Buy

Diamonds Here

 This S/i—1/16 Ct. perfectly cut diamond, a \

  •nappy. blazm* solitaire, at $42. GO amorur bar rains in ’
  our list*. Seethe many big amazuur values some as
  low as M0 per Carat. other higher per Carat bargains.

  Tkit 7$ year oldest largest Ihamond Banting/irm in
  aU the «wU lend » money on diamonds. Thousands Of
  unpaid ioans sad other bargains. Must sell NOW.

Why Pay Full Prices

  Costs Nothing To See. Any Diamond sent for abso-
  lutely free examinjf'rr at our risk. No obliiration. No I
  coat to you. Latest Listings-Unpaid Loans. Sent I
  Free. Describes Diamond Bargains in Detail, rives cash 1
  loan values guaranteed. Explains unlimited exchange i
  prieflewe. Write Today. Postal card will do.

 Jos. De Roy & Sons.	' 1692 D« Ro;

  On* Owoat* t'art Offic*

  De Roy Building *
  Pittsburgh, Pa.

AGENTS: $6.00 A DAY

Newest Invention
Coal-Oil Burner
Cheapest Fuel Known

    Most perfect burner ever in-
    vented for beating. cooking,
    baking:. Fits any stove. Ht-aw
    oven to baking* point in 10
    minutes. Low priced. Make
    We deliver and collect. Fay you

 $4 to $13 * dav. You take orders.	__________________

 daily. No capital needed. W’rite for terms and sample.

 PARKER MFG. CO., Burner 906, Dayton, Ohio

>LE TAUGHT

      ■ ,	An»aim* new easy method of dance

      1 teachtn* enables anyone to master any dance II
      I In th«ir own home without partner or music. Jn

    * I earn Newest Steps 1 Hour CL

  I Thousands who never danced before have be- a|T]
  come graceful, sccompliahed dancers of latest •III
  sU-pe bv this method In one or two lessons.	*»

  Mo<»«y back Your aoeeeaa guaranteed. Send SI for
  i complete Tod.Me Course. Also Courses In Pox Trot
  i -Owe Stec-Wuits—#1 each dr any S dance courses
  1.50. N*» further payments. Money back if not pleased-
  DANCE ART STUDIOS
  kDePt. A - I I	Auditorium Bids . CkicagO, III.

M M

 •e Master of
 a Real Job

 Then you can walk confidently into the office or the
 plant, knowing that you are needed and appreciated—
 that there hi a Browing- future ahead, one that holds
 more power, better pay, bigger leadership.

 You won't have to 4* cool your heels " in waiting
 rooms looking anxiously for a job at “ almost anything,”
 which is what men usually say when they are not
 masters of their work.

Good Advice from One Who Climbed

 R. H. McElrov. one of the vice-presidents of the
 Standard Oil Company, who climbed to a $30.00() salary
 from a clerical position, says — (JV. V. Twines. July 2. 1022):
 ** Any young man who has th© right stuff in him. who is
 willing to work at his job and study after working hours,
 who will keep his eyes open . . . can achieve the same
 success that I and ray associates have.” In a letter to
 u^, Mr. Mr Elroy adds: “ I believe the correspondence
 and evening school* provide a splendid opportunity for
 the young man of limited time and means to prepare
 himself for a brilliant future.”

 After a quarter-century of experience in aiding men
 through spare hours to become their Bigger Selves, the
 United Y. M. C. A. Schools offer this tested service by
 mail, so that, wherever you may be. whatever you may
 need or whatever your hours of employment are, you can
 now get this valuable aid.

 Mark and mail the coupon for free copy of our new
 catalog, and our friendly counsel.

 SOME OF OUR 300 CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

 Business Courses

 Accountancy	Business Administration

 Advertising	Business English

 Banking	Business Finance

 Better Letters	Business Law

 Bookkeeping	Complete Letter-Writing

 Business Arithmetic Office Management

  Technical and Other Courses

 Agricultural Courses Foreign Languages
 Fon'manship
 Bighway Engineer-
 ing

                         High School Courses
                         Illustrating
                         Insurance Courses
                         Mathematical
                         Courses
                         Mechanical Engi-
                         neering
                         Flan Reading

 Applied Psychology
 Architecture
 Automobile Courses
 Building Construc-
 tion

 Civil Engineering
 Courses
 Drafting Courses
 Electrical Courses
 English Courses
 Factory Management

 Public Speaking

 Salesmanship

  Secretarial

 Show Card Writing

 Stenography

 Traffic Management

 Own - Your- Home
 Course
 Plumbing
 Poultry Husbandry
 Radio Engineering
 Radio Telegraphy
 Steam Engineering
 Courses
 Structural Drafting
 Surveying

 Use of the Slide Rule
 Vocational Guidance

 THE GREATEST ALL-FICTION MAGAZINE
 IN THE COUNTRY IS THE

Argosy-Allstory Weekly .........

 Out Every Thursday—Ten Cents

                  Are you an ex-service man f

Correspondence
Instruction
375 Lexington Ave.

              oept. 52-n New York City

 ; Without obligating me, please advise regarding the course iu

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this

 (Please write plainly.)
ARGOSY

in\

ERT1

*IXG SECTION

Help Wanted

««fk      • c_t ta j.qj j 
ftiiZ-S   t*-4 dSip£L«i   
fO DfJCj  XJ ttJtfjfWl    
preKKEj   Is a w-i        
Pit cci   cma l« rw       
          tivr«rf         
« 5«J     IX v«Q jbr      
i rj«     A a.-el.        
:---P=<-r to              
GENUINE DIAMOND RINGS FOR GIFTS!

 We'—ysct iy*eaoc*i» iitrt trcaEoiiv.u anfao sod J
 0 sae=» Wyi^ p**«r = (

lpa’-Siv ^'^TX C-if-UCL-. Ti -.m.'. I to Uott;» ri .-s.

 10 = .res y :*-» c,i «;t« to pit : -j w
 lit ataiuuicuiiDi tiisr^iri c; ;x!

SendforChristmasCatalog

iTSs-r-e ir-s c--sr : ••'. _ _s —i-- itj s^-.UBA-- ;-

 I :	j :■- w-j ~ it i "jT- l e :_irrri ~ o 7. < v_":cz-_

 1 f-i-t trerfcji : T ; F r** ExmMmi. C »:i i -
 \ TtA-=i vT4TT-^_ij JLIBEHTt BONDS ACCEPTED.

■i ■	T7-JEVKEL

ELG.N

        IZ- -«- -fim-4'W *

'	Gr:-:- j : ;

    ^H er.griT<c,

[ S:	■» *.i-s. s.^ii W> -* Gcii, .riirv t i-ei

    M 11	*33; .4-S.. u Jrrtj

b*CDfT TC*«S rc *3	CrS-it? r-.tiill

*~r*r	£?:'S; S35

t.s<.

If JX L*¥ KJ.V.7C >«

«*«r I (d^ to &u
tin* will 7>iT j y
tnr* r» is i band* =

Its CMs} BcC>' ~c to l_*	VC- '£ gf

lid I Will RCid m fl3 r^ftirelui fcy Mtrt
m.l tii ;!t t br •' j .-a l< Jiw-j to '•>|n
a: d*e.ie icc yx.nt',1

ALBERT MILLS, fits. Be r«ibm! hd
713S Abw :il B^j., ClfcCISHATl. OHIO.

IOVT1S

\wm BROS.&CO.H'sS

THE OLD RELIABLE ORIOIHAL
CREDIT jrMELLRS

D«ot_ F‘133
10S S ■ Sau Strut Ckiait, QL

Don’t Wear
a Truss

BE COMFORTABLE —Wear
the Brooks Appfcaace. the modern
scieaiiac iaveudoo which fcrs'ts
rapture saiEerers inmed-ate relief.

It has do ceaanocs springs oc pads.

Arxr-ri: Air Coshior.s btod az.d
draw together the broiea certs- No *-1 c)
ii.ws or piasters. Durable. Cheap. Sest oc trial to
prove its worth- Neret oc sa..e in stores as ertry
Apciiaacx is ctade to order, the jroper sire and shape

cf A^Ceboedep«c=fC£t*MB»r^eofc*cSc9M. B*rwmr*
cf	Lcoc for tmie-sark bcir^f pom.:

nrixrerfCE Brocc^^cgig"P*^Aypoaaff^

 1- f-- »■ ~ set^i esrtfepe

B S.00iS APPLIANCE C0-,212GSut. St.SuiialLSti.

i High School

iCouvse in
iTwoYears

ct

DON’T SHOUT”

        L car bear yoo w*i C* MORLEV
        PHONE, k ■ a-t-e. *r«a

■ ksm. c ccz» ~r*a~«- aexpeaar** N«

         9 »ul wire*, sor raboer. C*x be
         —«3 by *=?c®e, you-* or ok."

Tbe Morley Phone or be

    This snpiiied. cr'crniete High School Coarse
    —specially prepared for bocne study by leading
    processors-—neets all rwpiire=ei*-s for esnrance
    to ccjege arri the Wadir.g proiessksis.

6m	Whecher yoatseedHighSchooJ

 7% 11 (Ithoi* trs- ^ or s^ec^_iei r^r.:-
 X/ w k\^ 4 tion in any trade or pro€ess:ca

_____ the Amexicas Scfcool can beip

  Vourses TOO.	»asi cown

  —	larFree Bcr<rm.

           American School

Drexd Are. azvi 5 Sdi Sctet
Det?c- H-ti.

OUovb

                                 oi x*raom: irfc be*

                      rnhr ** MCRLLY
 [ PHONE kfardi r«U. Off w Wrrij	said.

THE MORLEY CO 0«pt 709, 26 S. 15th Sc,

^lllllllllllllllllll I llllll I lllllll II Mil il lllll IIIIIIIIH1III.

F * 7 _ Good Elective S:
(m6 Good Lo. r- Stories

 Good Adventure S:;
 Good Haraoroas S*c
 Good Sea. Scones

If you

In short, if you like |

 ► good high-class interesting action (more than —

 : yon get m any ocher magiriwe at any prk	—

; boy the ROVteEK MUKSET —	=

 Z a; any news-stand, book store or stancoe~	—

Z store ai	~

 E Twenty-five Cents a Copy.
 5iiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiimiirc
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Auto Touring Maps 10c Each

 To Argosy All-Story Readers

For a limited time we are able to make

to our readers the remarkable offer of
official Rand McNally Auto Trails
maps for 10 cents each. These maps
are exactly the same as those included
in the Rand McNally 35 cent auto-
mobile guides. You save 25 cents.
Once used, these maps are a necessity.

You can’t go wrong when you have
them. They tell the meaning of the
painted poles that are sentinels over
your route. They show hotels, garages,

service stations—everything the mo-
torist wants to know. We are offering
these maps at cost, purely as a service
to our readers.

Any or All of These Maps for 10c apiece

Use This Coupon-^ I Automobile Dept., Argosy All-Story Weekly

                                                            280 Broadway, New York, N. V.

And Save 25 Cents

The maps correspond to the districts
numbered here. They are large (26K x
34 inches) beautifully printed in red
and blue on high grade, smooth-finish
paper. Enclosed in heavy tinted folders
that slip easily into the pocket. Put down
the numbers of the maps you want.

Districts 13 and 17 are published in one
folder. Also districts 15 and 16.

j	Please send me Rand McNally Auto Trails maps, sections
I

J	number—n>,illBnu^,r.jCTirej, by mail prepaid.

|	I enclose $__

 . in stamps or coins.

, My car is a_,_...

(Name and ModvlJ

l

I My occupation is_

1 use----_-Tirea

' Hake and Su.

Name.

I
I

| Address-

In anuccrtnff this advcrlUement it ii dctirabU that you mention this matiastne.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION,

  She did not have to go to the trouble
of diet or exercise. She found a better
way, which aids the digestive organs to
turn food into muscle, bone and sinew
instead of fat.

  She used Marmola Prescription Tablets,
which are made irom the famous Marmola
prescription. They aid the digestive sys-
tem to obtain the full nutriment of food.
They will allow you to eat many kinds of
food without the necessity of dieting or
exercising.

  Thousands have found that Marmola
Prescription Tablets give complete relief
from obesity. And when the accumula-
tion of fat is checked, reduction to normal,
healthy weight soon follows.

  All good drug stores the world over sell
Mannola Prescription Tablets at one dollar
a box. Ask your druggist for them, or
order direct and they will be sent in plain
wrapper, postpaid.

     MARMOLA COMPANY
250 Garfield Bide.,	Detroit, Mich.

    ■MM

Gift Giving

                         This book you will want. Itia
                         free! You will want to remem-
                         ber those who are dear to you.
                         It is a book of thoughtful little
                         gifts. It is agift guide agift-giv-
                         ing guide that is helpful thought-
                         ful and personal and it is easy to
                         find just the right gift for your
                         friends for any occasion A book
                         that you will refer to particularly
                         at the Christmas season. People
                         who wish to secure
                         the latest in bridge
                         prizes and hahy giftsjl
                         will be interested
                         POHLSON GIFT SHOPS AND STUDIOS
                         Dept. 18	Pawtucket, Rhode island

Stop Using a Truss

STUART'S PLAPAO • PADS

are dilferent from the truss,	. .

fceing medicine applicators	I £
III 111 made self-adhesive pur- 3g! It*

{{\ JU posely to hold the distended	5 » p

muscles securely In place.	* =

No straps, buckles or sprlr>0

1Egfigak: attached — cannot slip, so
cannot chafe orpress against
ay*the pufctc bone. Thousands
_ ^ .	have successfully treated.

Rldueei Fac-Simlle themselves at home without

gSmmjI hindrance from work-most 6rM<W<.
Obstinate cases conquered.

Soft as velvet—easy to apply—inexpensive. Awarded
Gold Medal and Grand Prix. Process of recovery Is
natural, so afterwards no further use for trusses. Wa
prove it by sending Trial of Plapao absolutely TpFC
Write name on Coupon and send TODAY. lULC

Plapao Co., €33 Stuart Bldg., St Louis, Mo.

Name-.—...................................................

Address ....................................................

Return mail will bring Free Trial Plapao.......*..........

OPEED TYPEWRITING

% Learn at Home

 M	Write 80 to 100 words s minute. Bis money for speed

 M	typists, trained by theTulIoss "New Way ." Learn in

          spare time athome. 10easy lessons. Costs little. Many
 TuHosb pupils make double former pay. Send for big catalog
 Tells you all- Showahow to train for bestpositions. Write today.
 1HC TUU.OSS SCHOOL 1144-T College Mill Springfield, Ohio

Does The Socket Chafe Your Stump?

If so. you are 2?0T wearing

 Buchstein’s Vulcanized
 Fiber which 18 sooLbin*10

          Guaranteed 5 Years.

 Bold on easy payments to good

 people. Send for Catalog today.

 K. Bachstein Co., 113 6tb St., S. Minneapolis. Mian.

_ . , j-oiir 6tump. cool.

Limb oeat. iw»l*

 - jr walls not
 much thicker
 than a silver
 dollar, attong.

YOU SHOULD READ

MUNSEY’S

for November

ON SALE AT ALL NEWS-STANDS
TWENTY FIVE CENTS

 In anticering anv adcertiiement on thti page it it desirable that you mention <hit magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Aspirin

     SAY “BAYER” when you buy. Insist!

        Unless you see the “Bayer Cross” on tablets, you are
        not getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by
        physicians over 23 years and proved safe by millions for

Colds	Headache

Toothache Rheumatism
Neuritis Lumbago
Neuralgia Pain, Pain

         Accept only “Bayer” package which contains proper directions.

           Handy “Bayer” boxes of 1*2 tablets—Also bottles of 24 and 100 Druggists.
           Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of Sallcyiicacid

Ten complete short stories and a variety of verse—
also installments of five serials in

T5he NOVEMBER MUNSEY

On sale now at all news-stands—at 25c a copy.

A Bride from the Sea

A complete novelette, by Capt. A. E. Dingle.

JPANTED !Get *1600 to *2300 aYear

1 y-j) U.S. RAILWAY

MAIL

STEADY WORK NO LAYOFFS

Common Education Sufficient

 Send Coupon Today—SURE

          MEN— BOYS OVER 16 SHOULD
            MAIL COUPON IMMEDIATELY

                          f Franklin Institute Dept K-270, Rochester, N Y.

                                   Sire Send me. without chanre (1) sample Kailwav Mall (.'lerlc
                                   W Examination questions. schedules showing: places of
                                   eominp t"' S. Government examinations U&) list of many Gov-
                                   ernment jobs obtainable.

PAID VACATIONS /

Name...........................................................

• Address..............................................................

In anfftrfrtiijp any advertisement on this page it denirablr that pou mention this magazine.
 In antveriny thii advertisement II it ietirable that you mention thit magazine.

I

See It First-No Money Down

  Our determination to
  this year double our
  sales of the world fa-
  mous

  Santa Fe Special

and

 Bunn Special Watches

  prompts this match'

 less offer.

While other watch dealers are raising their prices,
asking you for larger monthly payments, and making
payment terms harder for you to meet, we are offering
you our new model Santa Fe Special, no advance in
price, no money down, easier terms and smaller monthly
payments. WE realize the war is over and in order to
double our business we MUST give you pre-war induce-
ments, better prices, easier terms and smaller payments.
Without one penny of advance payment let us place in
your hands to see, to examine, to inspect, to admire,
to approve, a real masterpiece in watch creation.

A watch which passes the most rigid inspection and
measures up to the exacting requirements of the great

       Santa Fe Railway System, and other great American trunk lines.

        Page Twelve of Our Watch Book Is of Special
                  Interest to You!

Ask for our Watch Book free—then select the Watch you would like to seev either the
famous Santa Fe Special or the 6 position Bunn Special, and let us explain our easy
payment plan and send the watch express prepaid for you to examine. No money down.

Remember

—No money
down—easy
_	payments buys i^S

SANTA FE WATCH CO.,	a master timepiece—a 21 Jewel guar-

   Dept. B-57 Thomas Bldg., Topeka, Kans. ^ anteed for a lifetime at about half the

    Please serul prepaid and without oblieratiou Ti P™* >'0U ,Pa-v for* similar watch of J*
your Watch Book free, explaining yonr “No Money / Other makes. No money dO^vn a
Down” Offer on the Santa Fe Special Watch.	A wonderful offer.

—..................................................... { SANTA FE WATCH CO. (K

S Dept B-57 Thomas Bldg. Topeka, Kans. \\

Address.................................................. Jj

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.
■\'W

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Not even
a prying
finger can

enter it!

AM EVERTITE Bag closes so securely
that its contents are guarded from pilfer-
ing hands. The bag can’t open accidentally
and the tiniest object is held in absolute
safety.

In addition to security, an Evertite Bag is
lemarkably convenient. To open, simply
draw the catch to the right; to close, draw
it to the left

The Evertite Bag illustrated above is an un-
usually stylish rrodel. A snap fastener fastens
the outside. But the pocket for money and

valuables closes with an Evertite fastener
which protects its contents.

Your dealer will be glad to show you this
Evertite Bag. If, however, he can’t supply
you, send us his. name and $5.50 and we will
send you the bag, illustrated above, post-
paid. Made in black and brown; size 8
inches long, 5 inches deep.

Also Evertite Bags, Collar Cases, Collectors’
Cases and Novelty Hand-Bags.

For security, for convenience
and Purse3 !

-Evertite Bag3

E. J. WILKINS CO.

Dept. 3	Glover8ville, N. Y

WILKINS

 BAGS AND PURSES

 In answering this advertisement it desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 U u Pont makes powder—not shells.
 Du Pont Powders are loaded in every
 brand of shell. The name “DU PONT”
 or "BALLIST1TE ", printed on the car-
 ton and the top shot wad, tells you
 what powder you are shooting. Specify
 the powder when you buy the shell.

L

Know and specify the powder
you shoot—the best powder
makes the best load—the best
load gets the most game.

In ontwering thit advertitemtnt it it iletirable that vou mention Hit magtuine.
For Those Whose Ties
        Must Give Goocf Wear

cT'HESF art the tiet
fir tffjJtrjwmg
men anJ fir men »}
later years—the ties tt
maie jnn lock mtr
neatest ft' a •vent
mtJtst ntitejL-ear cut.

                     —and yet look well over the entire period,
                     we know of no better investment than
                     Cheney Tubulars.

                                  —they're neat

                                     —they tic easily

                                   —they hcve no lining to become displaced
                                   —they never lose their shape
                                   —they look like new after pressing.

Mide bv CHENEY BROTHFRS, NEW YORK
Makers ef Cheney Silks

          'JUBUUMs

Insist that 'tour Dealer' Show Them to 'Vou
   rijis offer too goob to be true?

Is it possible (hat we are offering a value too great to be credible ?
Do people shy at the thought of getting too much for their money P

WE recently mailed several thousand cir-
culars to bookjoverv We described and
pictured these thirty volumes of the
Little Leather Library honestly, sincerely, ac-
curately. But we received relatively few orders.

  Then we mailed several more thousand cir-
culars to booklovers, this lime enclosing a sample
cover of one of the volumes illustrated below.
Orders came in by the hundred! The reason,
we believe, is that most people can not believe
we can really offer so (treat a value unless they
.see a sample!

  In this advertisement, naturally, it is im-
possible for us to show you a sample volume.
The best we can do is to describe and picture
the books in the limited space on this page and
to hope you will believe what we say, instead
of thinking this offer is “ too good to be true.”

What This Offer Is

ful limp material, tinted in antique copper
and green, and so handsomely embossed that
even experts often mistake it for hand-tooled
leather.

  And, though the entire set contains over
3,000 pages, the price is only	(plus

postage). How is this made pos&ible? Simply
by printing in editions of almost one million
at a time.

  We know, from our daily mail, that many
thousands of people still cannot believe we can
sell 30 such volumes for $2.08 (plus postage).

  We do not know how to combat this skepti-
cism. All we can say is: serd for these 30 vol-
umes; if you are not satisfied, return them at
any time within a month and you will not be
out one penny.

Send No Money

   Here then is our offer. The illustration below
shows thirty of the world's greatest masterpieces
of literature. These include
the finest works of such im-
mortal authors as Shake-
s|)earc, Kipling, Stevenson,

Emerson, Poe, Coleridge,

Burns, Omar Khayyam,

Macaulay, Lincoln. Wash-
ington, Oscar Wilde, Gil-
bert, Longfellow, Drum-
mond, C'onan Doyle, Ed-
ward Everett Hale. Thor-
eau, Tennyson, Browning,
and others. These are books
which no one cares to con-
fess he has not read.

   Each of these volumes is
complete. The paper is a
high-grade white wove an-
tique; the type is clear and
easy to read; the binding
. is not leather but a beauti-

C’orpo ration

   thvpt. MU
SB4 Fourth A*«.
York Ol»

  No description,
  to these books.

 13 C C I Four txilumet
 r r> r> I of Kipling.

 If you icUl ortltr at <met inftcad of wailing

 Ess 2rt-i-ra.t-w.c:

pMltNO	1 A (	at t

 no illustration, can do justice
 They are an unprecedented
 value at this price. You
 must see them, and we are
 anxious to have you do so
 —not at your risk, but at
 ours. We will send you the
 entire set on trial—with the
 4 volumes of Kipling free.

  When tho package urrlvw,
 pay the postman *2.W» plus
 tho	Then tumlno

 tho books and tha act at Klp-
 llnfr. Your money will bo
 returned at any Ume within
 thirty day*, for any rnuou or
 for NO reason. If you request
 it. .to to our responsibility,
 »• refer you to the Industrial
 Bank of New York or to any
 ro>(ulnt or newspaper in the
 United States.

 Little Leather Library
 Corp’n, Dept. 6jii, 354
 Fourth Avenue, New York.

Name......................................

.....................................................*

lily, ...............................Btftt*..................

n- KoTOTfur. h.».	• -r-r>i "t •»	Ow*

as ssg*nja3uKar.us ~

THK KfF IT r»Iv. HI* TVHI

i