
Special Offer

$4*95

Regular Value
$10.00

Heavy

Only

All-Wool

Jumbo
Sweater Coat

Elmer Richards Co.

 Dept. 8277 West 35th Street,Chicago,DL

 I eneloee 50c.

 Send Heavy Wool Sweater No. F-12. Size........Color...........

 If 1 am not satisfied when I receive the sweater. I can return it and
 (ret my payment back with charges. Otherwise, I will pay the adver-
 tised terms, 50c with coupon, $2.15 monthly. Total price, $6.95.

 Name.

DOWN

                Send only 50c

                    with the coupon,
                    This heavy, pure
                    virgin wool jumbo
                    sweater comes on
                    approval. Money
                    back instantly if
                    you ask for it.
                    Don’t be too late—
                    order now.

        Heavy Pure Wool

          This is a splendid big sweater at a bargain
          price. Every fibre pure wool. Heavy rope
          stitch. Large fashioned shawl collar. Two
          large lined pockets. Close knitted wrist-
          lets. Ivory Duttons to match. Made in big
          full size in rich fast colors. Nothing so
          practical for fall and winter wear. Sold by
          most stores for $10.00, all spot cash.

          Sizen 34 to 46. Colors: Dark Maroon or Navy
          Blue. Order by No. F-12. Send 50c with
          coupon, $2.15 monthry. Total price, $6.95*

Easy
Payments

       Learn to buy the Elmer Richards
       way as thousands of well satisfied men are
       doing. Everything you need in clothing or
       shoes and you pay in monthly sums so low
       3’ou will never miss them. Strictly depend-
       able qualities only. See this big sweater
       bargain on approval. Send coupon now

Send Coupon

 Don’t miss this. The supply is limited. You
 take no risk. We stand back of this sweater.
 Money back if you say so. Send coupon now
 with 50c. Don’t be too late; send coupon now.

Elmer Richards Co.

 Dept. 8277 West 35th Street, Chicago, 111

Address

 State
argosy-allstory-advertising section.

QlJeu)el

Just Out

Latest Designs In
Watch Cases beau*
lit'ul I v illustrated id
our booklet. Scad
„ for FREE
1 Copy.

Adjusted to the Second 21 Ruby and Sapphire Jewels

Adjufted to Temperature 25 Year Gold Strata Case

Adjusted to Isochronism youf. choice of Dials
Adjusted to Positions	(Including Montgomery R. R- Dial)

              New Ideas in Thin Cases

Only One Dollar Down will buy this
masterpiece of watch manufacture.
The balance you are allowed to pay in
small, easy, monthly payments. The
Burlington — a 21-Jewel Watch — is

that of other high-grade watches.

Besides, you have the selection of the
finest thin model designs and latest
styles in watch cases. Don’t delay!
Write for the FREE Watch Book and

sold to you at a price much lower than our SPECIAL OFFER today.

Write

Get the Burlington Watch Book by sending this coupon. Find out about
this great special offer which is being made for only a limited time. You

will know a great deal more about
book. You will be able to “steer clear”
of the over-priced watches which
are no better. Remember, the
Burlington is sent to you for only One
Dollar down, balance in small monthly
payments. Send the coupon for watch
book and our special offer TODAY!

Burlington Watch Company

 Dot. 1437. 19th Street and Marshall Blvd., Chicago
 C— rflan Addrmmm: 02 Albert Street. Winnipeg. Manitoba

watch buying when' you read this

Burlington Watch Company

      Dept. 1457, J9th St. and Marshall Blvd., Chicago
      Canadian Address : 62 Albert St.. Winnipeg, Manitoba

Pfetse send me (without obligations and prepaid) your free
book on watches u ith full explanation of your $1.00 down
otter on the Burlington Watch.

Name -

Addrt

 In cnttrrrinff this adrertUftnent it ig tfcvirahlfi that you Mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

WE, E, K L Y

 Vol. CXLVI	CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER 28, 1922	Niimbkn 5

      The entire contents of thii magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publisher*'

FIVE CONTINUED STORIES

The Dance of Death......Fred Jackson .

        A Six-Part Story — Part One

The Fire People........Ray Cummings

       A Five-Part Story — Part Two

Caste...........W. A. Fraser .

        A Five-Part Story — Part Three

The Bird of Passage......John Schoolcraft .

        A Six-Part Story — Part Five

A New Girl in Town......Hulbert Footner

        A Six-Part Story — Part Six

"

 ind f

NOVELETTE AND	SHORT STORIES

The Way of the Mississippi ....	Raymond S. Spears

The Adventures of Peabody Smith
I—THE FLAW IN THE ALIBI.

Six Good Men........Georges Surdez

Showing the Widow......Jack Bechdolt .

Vanishing Vardanian......Hamilton Craign

MISCELLANEOUS AND POETRY

The Sport of Kings.......Izzy Kaplan’s Kolumn .

Have a Heart.....J. Vernon Fox 658

The Plow.....Richard Hengisl Horne 743

 A Rime of Opportunity . S H. Kemper 750
 He K nows a Place Where You Can Get It

                                 641

                              696
                              723
                              751
                              778

                             659
                             716

                              744

                             769
                             793

                             798

 The Modern Proposal Ruth Wright Kauffman 777
 Immortal Fiauds . Captain Horatio Wiagge 792
 Garden Guesses . . J Lilian Vandevere 797
 . . . . Miles Over holt 768

 \ William J. Flynn
 ) George Barton

 ?ie

The Old Bowery will live for you again in

CRAFTY ROGUES

BY BOICE DU BOIS

A thriller of the days when top nats were in flower. The first installment will

appear next week.

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C., LONDON

Frakk A. Mussky. President	Richard H. TmiKKiNorox, Secretary	Chkistoi'Hkb H. Popk. Treasurer

Single copies, lO cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States. Its dependencies. Mexico and Cuba , S6.00 to Canada, and S? 00 to Foreign
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered

PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY COPYR1QHT. 1W4
Entered as second class matter July 15, 1W0. at the Post-Offlce at New York, under the Act of March 3. 1879

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

TheOntyOne

In Captivity

ANaturalBom
Salesman

       You may laugh at this picture. But it should make
       you think! In the serious thought behind it is a
       truth so important to you that it may mean the
       turning point in your career sudden brilliant success
       and more money than you ever dreamed of earning!

IF the suggestion of levity in this illustration is
unusual enough to make you weigh a vicious and
unfounded superstition against plain, every-day
fact, it will have accomplished its purpose. For if
there is one superstition that has victimized thousands
of men—keeping them in miserable, low-pay, routine
jobs it is that old saw: "Salesmen are born and not
made! " The fact is that millions can sell, but don't
knoiv it!

He Found the Way!

 Take thin situation—based on actual facts. A man
who has worked all his life in a routine Job at low pay,
suddenly surprisea hit* friends by moving into a better
neighborhood, taking a fine home, buying a car, and
blossoming out as a well-to-do and influential citizen.
One month he was a mechanic, the next month he wTas
selling goods and making more in a week than he had
formerly made In a month. Yet, he once thought sales-
men were “ born.” That vicious superstition cost him
thousand** of dollars a* long at he believed it! If only one
man had done this you might call it luck; but thousands
have t;»ken this easy way to big incomes, financial
independence, travel, congenial work, and steady employ-
ment And it all came to them quickly—after they had
found out that Master Salesmen are made and not
'• born.**

Thousands Learned the Secret

  For example: Charles Beery of Wlnterset, Iowa, stepped
from $18 a week to a position making him $1,000 the
very first month. J. P. Overstreet. Deninon. Texas, was
on the Capitol Police Force at a salary of less than $1,000
a year. He decided to see how much there was to that
vicious superstition and very shortly after he earned
$1800 in six weeks as a salesman. F. Wynn, Portland,
Oregon, ex service man. never thought ho was cut out
for helling, but this Association of Master Salesmen and
Sales Managers convinced him he could sell, taught him
how: and In one week he earned $554. George W.
Kearns. of Oklahoma City, was making $00 a month on a
ranch and then earned $524 In two weeks as a salesman.
Warren Hartle, Chicago, spent ten years in the railway
nj .il service. Then Jumped into selling and multiplied
his earnings six times the first year. The National
Salesmen's Training Association has for fifteen years
been taking men and women from all walks of life; in
fact, from every known occupation and profession, and
makinsr them high-grade salesmen. Your own logical
deduction will fell you that if salesmen were " bom to
the task.** then the Association—the greatest institution
eflts kind In the worhl-^-would never have survived its
first ye*«r. Instead, it can proudly point to thousands of

amazing successes and its MONEY BACK GUARANTEE
BON’D is an open challenge to those wfho labor under.'
this old delusion.

       An Amazing Revelation

  Assuming: for a moment that you are ambitious, but
still believe that a man lias to be ordained by nature
before he can successfully sell goods; will you let us send
you the most astounding proof to the contrary ever
collected—proof that you or any man of average intelli-
gence and ambition can quickly and easily be made into
a big producer in the selling field. All the facts you can
ever ask for—facts that will clearly point the way for
you to step into the $5,000 and $10,00(1 a year class are
contained In the amazing new book. “ Modern Salesman-
ship." Its contents will prove a revelation to you.

Now Free to You!

  Thousands have wondered why N. S. T. A. Members in-
variably make good in a big way right rrom the start,
even though they have had no former selling experience.
This remarkable book explains Just why success comes
rapidly and surely to those who enroll for this amazing
System of Salesmanship Training. It will show you how
you can easily become a Master Salesman—a big' money-
maker. It will tell you about the National Salesmen’s
Training Association System of Salesmanship Training
and Free Employment Service—about the National Dem-
onstration Method that gives you actual experience whilo
studying—and all about the amazing opportunities that
await you in the selling field. There is a limited number
to be distributed FRKE, If your request is mailed at
once you will receive one without cost or obligation But
immediate action is essential. Tear off the coupon fill
in carefully and mall it now. It may mean success for
you—suddenly.

   National Salesmen’s Training Association
Dept. 2-R	CHICAGO. ILL.

■ ■ ■ ■ wm M M M M MM mb -MB mmm	M

National Salesmen’s Training Association
Dept. 2-R. Chicago. 111.

  Plrase mail me Free Proof that I can Iwnmp a Masler SaWnan
rf „'lu"A v, for S K,“>d Mles ■'"■Itinn AImo oend your illustrueri
Hook ^ Modern Salcsnianaliiii" and rarticulars of uu'DlbersliiD In

Rinnlnvmimi	mi.:.. »

your association and kg Free Employment Service
free of cost or obligation.	niLe’

 This is all

Name

 Address
 City.....

                                         State.

 Age.

             Occupation.

 In	tkU advertisement it i, i,«rab,<, tka, you mm Hon Ml. magati„e.
Classified Advertising^

  The Purpose of thw Department la to put
the reader in touch immediately with the
newest needfuls for the home, office, farm, or
person: to offer, or seek, an unusual but mess
opportunity, or to suggest a service that may
be performed satisfactorily through corres-
pondence. It will pay a housewife or business
man equally well to read these advertisements
carefully.

Classified Advertising Rato* I 1
In Tha Munsay Magaclnss :

UNK KATK

. SI.60

Muniey'* Msrmito*

Anru*y-Allitory ...»

Weckl*.....)

Minimum apse* four Unas.

Dtcimkir hi	Fin

           Cothl-
 i nstlon tin* rst*
 2 60 I . *4.00

      } '•»*ip*r e*ot
      / c*»b discount

      [ Clo« Hit. 4th.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

WANTED: TAILORING SALESM EN—M A KE BIG MONEY

 from the vary start—opportunity of your lifetime to get into
 your own business. We are the largest made-to-measure
 tailoring house in the country, furnishing elaborate sample
 equipments, including 500 all wool fabrics, and guarantee
 absolute satisfaction—perfect fit. best workmanship, or no sale.
 Write for line and all accessories to bo sent free. Earn from
 $75.00 to $200 00 per week. State whether or not you have
 experience in taking orders for men's made-to-measure clothes.
 A. L. ARNOLD. Sales Manager. Lock Box 483. Chicago, 111.

   WE START YOU WITHOUT A DOLLAR. Soaps. Extracts,
 Perfumes. Toilet Goods. Exi>erience unnecessary. Carnation
 Co., Dept. 200, St. Louis. Mo.

$10 A DAY AND MORE,” our new book, shows clearly

 how you may gain sure success and large profits selling
 Guaranteed Hosiery and Underwear factory to family. It is
 Free. Write today. C. * D. CO.. 13-E Grand Rapids. Mich.

    AGENTS: Suits tailored to order $17.25 and up. $4.25 to

 $11 .30 profit on each sale. No experience needed. Write
 for free sample outfit and instructions. AMERICAN WOOLEN
 MILLS CO.. Dept. 17152. Chicago. 111.

   A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN—Make sparkling glass name

  plates, numbers, checkerboards, medallions, signs; big illustrated
  book FREE. E. PALMER. 500 Wooster. Ohio.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 WE WANT MEN AND WOMEN WHO ARE DESIROUS
 OF MAKING $25.00 TO *200.00 PER WEEK CLEAR PROFIT

  from the start m a permanent business of their own
  MITCHELL'S MAGIC MARVEL WASHING COMPOUND
  washes clothes spotlessly clean in ten to fifteen minutes. Ou?
  hundred other uses iu every home. Nothing else like it.
  Nature's mightiest cleanser. Contains no lye. lime, acid or
  wax. FREE SAMPLES make sales easy. Enormous repeat
  orders—300% profit. Exclusive territory. We guarantee sale
  of every package. Two other “ sight sellers " and sure re-
  peaters give our agents the fastest selling line in the country.
  No capital or experience required. Baker. Ohio, made $tioo
  last month. You can do as well. Send for FREE SAMPLE
  and proof. L. MITCHELL A CO.. Desk 104. 1302-1314 E
  61 st. Chicago, 111.

 $10 WORTH OF FINEST TOILET SOAPS, perfumes. toUet
 waters, spices, etc.. absolutely free to agents on our refund

  plan. Lacassian Co., Dept. 014. St. Louis, Mo.

   PORTRAIT AGENTS—$50,000 I made canvassing. Free
 circular explains. 24 hour service. Prints, Portraits. Frames,
 Samples free. FRIEDMAN'S UNITED ART STUDIOS. Dept.
 A. 673 W. Madison, Chicago.

   AGENTS—FREE TRIAL OFFER. HARPERS COMBINA-
 TION BRUSH SET AND FIBRE BROOM. Consists of five
 parts, has ten different uses. It sweeps, washes and dries win-
 dows, scrubs and mops floors, and does five other things. Over
 100% profit. Write for our free trial offer. Harper Brush Works,
 Dept. 66. Fairfield. Iowa.

   $195 FOR MADE-TO-ORDER PANTS—Special 30-day
 offer to prove our marvelous values in made-to-measure
 tailoring. Agents Wanted. Earn $30 to $35 Extra Every Week,

 taking orders for our high-class, made-to-measure clothes.
 No experience necessary. Writ** for samples today. THE
 PROGRESS TAILORING CO.. Dept. K-104, Chicago.

   AGENTS: New Reversible Raincoat—Not sold in stores.
 Two coats in one. Guaranteed waterproof or money back.
 You take orders. We pay you daily. No experience necessary.
 Sample furnished. Parker Mfg. Co.. 706 Rue St.. Dayton, Ohio.

    Men and Women Make Big Money from start selling exclus-
 ively Dr. Blair’s famous toilet preparations for every member of the
 family. Complete line. Business permanent- Remarkable selling
 outfit. Write quick. A. A. Blair Laboratories, Lynchburg, Vs.

   Big Money, Quick Sales. Fine Profits and steady demand
 selling Clows-Knit guaranteed hosiery direct from mill to
 wearers. All styles for men. women, children. Many making
 $3000 year. George Clows Co., Desk 42, Philadelphia.

$11 00 A DAY FOR 5 HOURS WORK. NEW METHOD—

  No capital required no deliveries—no delays just take orders
  and bank big profits. DAVIS PRODUCTS COMPANY',
  Dept. JJ-l\ Chicago, 111.

    AGENTS: We pay $72 a week taking orders for Reversible
  Raincoats. Something brand new. Easiest seller ever Intro-
  duced. No capital required. You take the orders; we deliver
  and collect and pay your commission on same day. Saves
  customer over $20. Write quick. Thomas Mfg. Co.. Class 1707.
  Dayton, Ohio.

 TAILORING AGENTS. OUR VIRGIN WOOL TAILORED
 TO ORDER SUITS AND OVERCOATS SELL FAST AT

  $29.50. All fabrics, all styles the same price. Over 600
  men now making Son to $150 a week. You get paid in advance.
  Quick service. Protected territory. 6x1* swatch outfits free.
  Write Salesmanager. J. B. SIMPSON. Dept. 304. 831-84::
  West Adams. Chicago.

   LARGE SHIRT MANUFACTURER wants Agents to setf
 complete line of shirts direct to wearer Exclusive patterns. Bi|
 values. Free samples. Madison Mills, 503 Broadway, New York.

 27.000 RECORDS GUARANTEED WITH ONE EVERPLAY
 PHONOGRAPH NEEDLE; new, different; cannot injure rec-
 ords; $10.00 daily easy. Free sample to workers. EVER-
 PLAY. Desk 1012, McClurg Bldg., Chicago.

  WE START YOU in business, furnishing everything. Men and
  women. $30.00 to $100.00 weekly operating our "New System
  Specialty Candy Factories" anywhere Opportunity lifetime:
  booklet free. W. Hillyer Ragsdale, Drawer 93. East Orange. N. J.

    AGENTS—Make big money the year 'round selling latest New
 York fashions, so smart looking and low priced no woman
 can resist buying. STRUMP A CO., Dept. 3, 29 West 34th
 Street, New York City.

 AGENTS—Our Soap and Toilet Article Plan Is a wonder. Get
 our Free Sample Case Offer. Ho-Bo-Co. 137 Locust, St. Louis. Mo.

  LIVE AGENTS MAKE $10 DAY SELLING EUREKA
 STRAINER and Splash Preventer for every water faucet. Takes
 on sight. Widaly advertised and known. Get details today.
 A. D. Seed Filter Company. 73 Franklin, New York.

 AGENTS. $60 TO $200 A WEEK, Free Samples. Gold 8lgn
 Letters for Store and Office Windows. Anyone can do it.
 Big demand. Liberal offer to general agents. Metallic Letter Co..
 431H N. Clark St.. Chicago.

 TAILORING AGENTS WANTED—Make $75.00 a week and
 up, selling our fine made-to-measure, all-wool suits at $29.50
 retail, direct to wearer. Biggest values ever offered—posi-
 tively sell on sight. Itigger profits than any other house, paid
 in advance. We attend to delivery and collections. Writ-
 at once giving full particulars as to your past experience.
 Finest line ot largo all-wool swatch samples—everything to
 work with—will lu» seait with the least possible delay. \Y. Z.
 GIBSON. INC., Dept. 107, 161 W. Harrison St., Chicago.

  $100,000.00 Concern wants agents to take orders for Gabardine
  Gas Mask Raincoats. Biggest selling coat in America today.
  Wonderful value. Big profit In advance. Two sales means lug
  day s wages. Only sample of cloth necessary—furnished free.
  We deliver and collect. Write today for exclusive territory
  and selling outfit. Dept. 500. Lewis Raincoat Co. Cleveland

 MAKE 600% PROFIT. FREE SAMPLES. lowest priced
 Gold Window Letters for stores, offices. Anybody can do it.
 Large demand. Exclusive territory Rig future. Side line.
 ACME LETTER CO.. 2800 F Congress. Chic&gu.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

BE YOUR OWN BOSS! For full particulars mall self

  nddres.\ed and stamped envelope to THE TAHOMA CHEMICAL
CO.. 607 S. 10th Street, Dept. 3, Tacoma. Wash.

 Land Seekers! Attention! $10 to $50 starts you on 20. 40
 or 80 acres near hustling city in lower Mich. Ital. long time.
 Write today for FREE booklet giving full information. Swigart
 Land Co.. Y-1245 First National Bank Bldg.. Chicago.

 MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

 PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES: $10 TO *500
EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed; details sent free to beginners. 8ell your ideas.
Producers League, 388 Wainwright, St. Louis, Mo.

AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

 STORIES. POEMS. PLAYS. ETC.. ARE WANTED for
publication. Good ideas bring big money. Submit Mss., or write
Literary Bureau. 110. Hannibal. Mo.

 FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little hpok of money
making hints, suggestions. ideas: the A B C of successful
Story and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your
copy new! Just address Authors' Press, Dept. 19. Auburn. N. Y.

Classified Advertising continued on page 6.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

'No 'Need
to 'Be Gray !

   Amazing Discovery Now Quickly
   Restores the Original, Youthful
   Color—Thousands Have Already
   Proved It, on Trial.

NOT a gray hair left—not one little tell-tale
streak to make you seem old! Just let this
remarkable new discovery do the work—and
see how the full, youthful, original color is restored
to your hair.

  No, you won't be dyeing your hair in the ordinary
sense of the word. You see, this new discovery is not
an ordinary dye at all. It's just a pure, clear liquid,
almost colorless. It's easy to use, quick to show results,
a proved. tested method of scientifically restoring the
original color to hair that has turned, or is turning
K^y.

  Tru-Tone. the new discovery, cannot possibly dis-
color your hair or give to it any color you do not
want it to have. It can restore only one color—and
that is the true, original color you want it to have.
Each individual strand of blanched, or grayed hair is
repigmentized—which means that it is re-colored,
given back its original, youthful shade.

 Highly Beneficial to Hair and Scalp

  Men and women everywhere write to tell us of the
marvel® Tru-Tone has accomplished.

  Mrs. I. Cantor, 7S02 C©<lar Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio,
•ays: ** i ha\« used your Tru-Tone on my hair and have
given it a fair test. 1 am very glad to state that the
results I got were astonishing:. It did all you claimed for
it and more. Its most gratifying: effect was to restore
the natural color which my hair was beginning to lose.

I recommend your product very highly and 1 will be
glad to verify this statement to anyone who inquires.’*

  Mrs. O. L. Heldrith, Dllworth, Okla.. writes: “ You
may add my name to your list of Tru-Tone users, and
you can say that I am greatly pleased with the results.
You may refer other folks to me at any time.**

  Not only does this amazing colorless liquid restore
the original color to the hair, hut it actually helps to
rid the scalp of dandruff, it strengthens and beautifies
the hair. It removes any tendency towards itchiness,
falling hair, brittle hair.

  After using Tru-Tone. you will find that your hair la
becoming softer. fluffier, finer. You will enjoy using this
wonderful liquid that makes the scalp so clean and
healthy—that restores the true, original color without
any fuss, muss or bother. You can use as much of it
as you please.

Men and Women of All Ages
Use Tru-Tone

  It makes no difference how gray your hair Is, or how
Ions It has been Bray—Tru-Tone will restore it to its
original color. This marvelous discovery acts equally
well on all qualities of hair, and on all grades of gray-
ne.**— from the young person who is Just beginning- to
dl^-over a streak of gray here and there, to the little-bit-
older person who«e hair is becoming entirely gray. It
•imply banishes the gray, brings back the natural color
and makes the hair soft, fine and fluffy.

    Our $10,000 Bank Guarantee

We want you to try Tru-Tone—to see for yourself what
an amazing discovery it is. For your protectlpn, we
have guaranteed Tru-Tone to the sum of $10,000 which is
being held by the Producers’ and Consumers’ Bank of
Philadelphia. This Bank is authorized and guarantees to
refund to any purchaser of Tru-Tone the full purchase
price if results are not absolutely satisfactory.

Send No Money!

Further to convince you of the amazing power of this
new, colorless liquid in restoring the original color to
the hair, we are offering to send you a regular, ftill-size
bottle without money in advance. All you need to do
Is fill in the coujxui below and mail it to us at once. We
will see that your bottle reaches you promptly and that
it is sent to you freshly compounded, direct from the
laboratories.

Remember—you need not send any money W’ith the
coupon. When your bottle of Tru-Tone

ONLY $1.45

arrives, you may give the postman I
only $1.45 (plus a few* cents postage) Jtm SEND NO
in full payment for the regular $3 CO	MONEY

bottle that we are going to send you.

Here’s the coupon—clip and mail It NOW before you
forget it.

•OOtVfcVO HOUSE

PM I LA , PA.

SEND NO MONEY!

DOMINO HOUSE. Dept. T-4310.

      269 So. 9th St., Philadelphia, Pa.

You may send me a $3.00 bottle of your Tm-Tone. I will
give the postman only $1.45 (plus postal) in full payment on
arrival. Although I am benefiting by this spoolal reduced price
ofTtr. I am rvialning the guaranteed prh liege of returning what
is left of Tru-Tone if. after a fair test, I am not delighted with
results, ami you agree to refund my money. I am to be the
sole judge.

Name.

Address .................................................

If you with, yeti may send money with coupon and save postage.
(Price outside U. S. $1.60 cash with order)

In an,Kerins thi, odccrtUcmcnt it i, deeirable that ,-ou mention I hi, , naoazim-
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Hundreds of Physicians
 Jf recommend VI-REX
 VIOLET RAYS JSSSS

Claisified Advertising continued from page 4.

HELP WANTED

MEN—AGE 17 TO 45. EXPERIENCE UNNECESSARY.

  Travel; make secret investigations, repons. Salaries; expense*.
  American Foreign Detective Agency, 320, St. Louis, Mo.

Health-Vi^or
SUCCESS

By means of Marvelous

VOLET RAYS

Use it Yourself tHome

This wonderful FREE book describes the marvelous strange
new force simply tells how Violet Rays revitalizes every
cell and works apparent miracles in overcoming pain
and sickness Pleasant to use in your home.

Physicians and plain home folks explain how Violet Rays
has made them well strong and happy 60pages.illustrated,
actual photographs, scientific charts anddiagrams. It’s FREE

QUICK RESULTS-No Medicine

Violet Rays work quickly, you feel results at once, it’s scien-
tific. goes after the cause- That’s why results are quick and
permanent Dr Duncan, Kewanee. 111. writes “Violet Rays
is the finest thing Ieverused . . to relieve pain, treatments
are so pleasant all my patients like it.” Use it yourself at
home, save Doctor's bills. See list of ailments Violet Rays
treats successfully, and many others, not space to list. Sue
cess depends on health, this book shows the way.

£j| Send For FREE BOOK

Brings rararal. magnetic beauty of
beakh, no dieting, exerase or drugs.

Earn Cash

Men, women, without experience
earn liberal pro6ts in spare time
showing: Violet Ray* to neighbors.

Proves resalts first demonstration,
sells on sight Get attractive offer
end wholesale prices now.

   BE A DETECTIVE—Earn Big Money. Great demand every-
 where. Excellent opportunities for travel. Fascinating work.
 K.\i*ri«-nce unnecessary. Particulars free. Write, American
 Detective System, 106S Broadway. New York.

   SELT US YOUR SPARE TIME. YOU CAN EARN FIFTEEN
 TO FIFTY DOLLARS WEEKLY writing showcards at home.
 No canvassing. Pleasant, profitable profession, easily, quickly
 learned by our simple grspbic block system. Artistic ability
 unnecessary. We instruct yon and supply you work. Wilson
 Methods. Ltd.. Dept. G, 64 East Richmond, Toronto. Canada.

   BE A DETECTIVE—Earn $100. weekly; easy work;	ex-
 perience unnecessary; opi»or? unities everywhere; open t€>	all;
 write today for free particulars. Write Captain Wagner,	1 b6
 East 79tli Street. New York City.

   MAKE EXTRA MONEY AT HOME. $2 TO $5 IN YOUR
 SPARE TIME. PAINTING PARCHMENT SHADES. No artistic

  a’bihty, no canvassing. We teach you and supply vou with
  work. Distance no object. l>epL G, United Shade Co..

  I Sturgeon Bldg.. Toronto. Cansda.

    WRITE NEWS ITEMS and Short Storias for pay in spare
  time. Copyright book and plans free. PRESS REPORTING
  SYNDICATE. 433, St. Louis. Mo.

   BE A RAILWAY TRAFFIC INSPECTOR!”SllO~t<T $250
 monthly, expenses paid after three mouths' spare-time study.
 Splendid opportunities. Position guaranteed or money refunded.
 Write for Free Booklet CM-30. Stand. Business Training Inst.,
 Bull&lo. N. Y.

   RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS. STENOGRAPHERS. CLERKS.
 TYPISTS, wanted by Government. Examinations weekly. Pre-
 pare at home. Write for free list and plan T. payment after
 securing position. CSS. 1710 Market Street. Philadelphia.

HELP WANTED—FEMALE

WOMEN WANTED. Learn Dress Designing. $35 week.

  Sewing experience unnecessary. Sample lessons free. FRANK-
  LIN INSTITUTE, Dept. K 522, Rochester. N. Y.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

   PATENTS. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE
 BOOK and record of inveatinn blank. Send mod.I or sketch
 and description for our opinion of its patentable nature.

  Free. Highest References. Prompt Attention. Reasonable Terms.
  Victor J. Evans & Co., 762 Ninth. Washington. D. C.

    PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide
  Book. "How To Get A Patent." Send model or sketch and
  description, and we will give our opinion as to its jateutab.e
  nature. Randolph A Co.. 630 F. Washington. D. C.

 PATENTS. BOOKLET FREE. HIGHEST REFERENCES.
 BEST RESULTS. Promptness assured. Send drauiru or
 model for examination and opinion as to patentability.
 Watson E. Coleman. 624 F Street. Washuigton, IX C.

 Explains how NikolaTesladiscov-
 ered Violet Rays, how it works,
 why it heals Tells what doctors
 and plain folks accomplish in con-
 quering pain, disease and oer-
 vous troubles with Violet Rsys.
 REVEALS MARVELOUS
 SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERY
 Shows charts of human body,ex-
 plains where pains start, how to
 banish them. Offered FREE for a

 limited time only, to introduce

 Violet Rays. Send for KREE copy.

SONG POEMS WANTED

  SONG WRITERS send me one of your poems today on any
! subject. I will compose the music. FRANK RADNER.
6043 Prairie Ave., Dept. 651. Chicago.

  SONG WRITERS—If you have song poems or melodies write
  me immediately I have absolutely the very best proposition to
  offer you. Act now and be convinced. RAY H1BBELEB. D-147.
  4040 Dickens Ave.. Chicago.

Check Your Aliment Below for Free Advice

 Here is a partial list of ailments successfully treated with Violet Ray:

STAMPS

 Catarrh

 Chilblains

 Colds

 Constipation
 Deaf ness
 Earaches
 Eczema

 Eye Disease

 Falling Hair

 Hay Fever

 Headache

 Goitre

 Insomnia

 Lumbagro

 Nervousness

 Neuralgia

 Neuritis

 Paralysis

 Piles

 Rheumatism
 Skin Diseases

 Sore Throat

 Sprains

  Tonsilitis

 Whooping

 Cough

 Asthma

326 WEST MADISON ST.

VI-REX ELECTRIC CO •f " Dept. 912, CHICAGO

Please send me without cost or obligation your free book describing
your VI-REX Violet Ray out6ts, and details of your free trial offer.

Name ............---------------------------------------------------------

Address............................................—...............

City.............-------------------------State---------------------

   French Colonies Free—Nice set Used and Unused French Col-
 onies. Pictures of Wild Animals. Native Thiefs. 8ceoery, etc. Big
 Price List of 1000 genuine stamp bargains and Empire Stamp
 Bulletine. ail for 2c, Empire Stamp Co., 343 Lippincott St.,

 Toronto. Canada.

WANTED TO BUY

 Mail Us Your Discarded Jewelry. Gold Crowns and Bridges.
Watches. Diamonds. Silver. Platinum. War Saving Stamps and
Old False Teeth. Money sent by return mail. Packages held 4
to 12 days and returned if our offer is ri fused. United States
Smelting Works (The Old Reliable). Dept 26, Chicago, 111.

WANTED

 Cash for Old Gold. Platinum. Silver. Diamonds. Liberty
Bonds. War. Thrift, Unused Postage Stamps. False Teeth. Mag-
neto Points, Jobs, any valuables. Mail in today. C'avh sent

return mail. Goods returned in ten days if you are not satisfied.
Ohio Smelting Co., 301 Hippodrome Bldg., Cleveland. Ohio.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

“I’m

Going to

Make More Money!”

“T'M tired working for a small salary. I
J. know I have just as good a head on me as
Fred Moore and Bob Roberts, for we used to
work side by side. But they’ve gone far
ahead of me.

  “Why? Because they saw the value of
special training, and I didn’t.

  “But I know better now. If the Inter-
national Correspondence Schools can raise
the salaries of men like Fred Moore and Bob
Roberts, they can raise mine, too!

  “If they have helped others to advance, they
can help me. To-day—right now—I’m going
to send in this coupon and at least find out
what the I. C. S. can do for me.”

11 ^HY don’t you study some one thing and
VV get ready for a real job at a real salary?
Can you afford to let the hours after supper
slip by unimproved when you can easily make
them mean so much ?

  Thousands upon thousands of men now
know the joy of happy, prosperous homes be-
cause they let the International Correspon-
dence Schools prepare them in their spare
time for bigger work. You will find them in
city, town and country—in office, factory, shop,
store, mine and mill, on farms and on rail-
roads. There are clerks who became Adver-
tising Managers, Salesmen and Executives;
cirpenters who became Architects and Con-
tractors; mechanics who became Engineers and

 Electrical Experts; men and boys who rose
 from nothing to splendid responsible positions.

 More than two million men and women in
 the last 30 years have advanced themselves in
 position and salary through I. C. S. help.
 Over 150,000 are studying right now. You
 can join them and get in line for promotion.

 The first step to success in the I. C. S. way
 is to choose your career from this list and mark
 and mail this coupon here and now.

-------TEAK OCT HEIIE-------

    INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

 Box 2I62*C, Scranton, Penna.

 Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
 the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:

 BUSINESS TRAINING DEPARTMENT

 Salesmanship

 Advertising
 Better Letters
 Foreign Trade
 Stenography and Typing
 Business English
 Civil Service
 Railway Mail Clerk
 Common School Subjects
 High School Subjects
 Illustrating □ Cartooning

 Business Management
 Industrial Manauement
 Personnel Organization
 Traffic Management
 Business Law
 Banking and Banking Law
 Accountancy (including C.P.A.)

 Nicholson Cost Accounting
 Bookkeeping
 Private Secretary
 Business Spanish □ Frcnch

    TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT
 Electrical Engineering	□ Architect

     Electric Lighting	LJBlue Print Reading

 Mechanical Engineer	nContractor and Builder

 Mechanical Draftsman	□ Architectural Draftsman

     Machine Shop Practice	n Concrete Builder

     Railroad Positions	rjStructural Engineer

     Gas Engine Operating	□ Plumbing and Heating

 Civil Engineer	QChemistry 0 Pharmacy

     Surveying and Mapping	y Automobile Work

   Metallurgy	Q Navigation

 Steam Engineering	□ Agriculture and Poultry

     Itadio □ Airplane Engines □Mathematics

 Name

  Street

 Address

City............................................State..

Occupation........................................................................................

 Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
 tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal. Canadn.

 In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Aspi ri N

SAY BAYER” when you buy. Insist I

Unless you see the “Bayer Cross” on tablets, you are
not getting the genuine Bayer product prescribed by
physicians over 23 years and proved safe by millions for

Colds

Toothache

 Neuritis

 Neuralgia

Headache
Rheumatism
Lumbago
Pain, Pain

Accept only “Bayer” package which contains proper directions.

Handy “Bayer” boxes of 12 tablets—Also bottles of 24 and 100—Druggists.

Aspirin 1® the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoacetlcacidester of Salicylicacid

 farn MONEY

 M AT HOME 1

 you

 * wri

can make $15 to $60 weekly in your spare time
writing show cards. No canvassing or aoliciting.

        Weinstruct you by our new simple Directograph sys-
        tem. pay you ca*h each week and guarantee you steady
        work. Write for full particulars and free booklet.

a

Open Sesame!”

         WEST-ANGUS SHOW CARD SERVICE
     72 Col borne Building	Toronto, Can.

JI/HEN you start a serial in the Argosy-Allstory you
W only wait a week to go on with it. Slarl one this
Week, and you 7/ buy every number until ii % concluded,
^en cents a copy all news-stands.

All Baba murmured the magic words, the cavern
door swung open and costly treasures lay at his feet.

You, too, have an *• open sesame M to the treasures of
the world. It is advertising.

Read the advertising: and you open the door to countless
comforts and conveniences you otherwise would miss.
For advertising will spread before you the product of
fields, looms and factories the world over—things that
make life easier, happier, more Interesting and more
fruitful for you and your family.

There is no questioning the real benefits that come
from regular and sy^te^matic reading of the advertising
columns. No other one thing: will give you such economy
and keen satisfaction in buying.

Advertising Is far too important to be overlooked.

Read it.

It is a profitable practise.

 In antuering anv advertitement on (At* page it it do,rot,U that you mention Hit mafa.-mc.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY

W EL E K. L 'Y

CXI.VI

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1922

Number 5

By FRED JACKSON

Author of " The First Law,” “ The Third Act,” " The Diamond Necklace,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

“ THERE ARE THREE KINDS OF WOMEN.”

  JL CROSS the centerpiece of winter roses
—delicately fashioned, fragrant, in
a *> their setting of soft fern and glitter-
ing crystal—Jack Kendall’s eyes were fixed
upon his sister’s face. But it was not her
startling beauty that had arrested and now
held his attention. He had long ago come
to accept her beauty without thought or
comment. She had always been beautiful.
As a baby, half smothered in lace and fur,
she had attracted attention in the park. As
a child, playing in the sands at Newport
1 A

or Southampton or Palm Beach, she had
won admiration, even from the nurses and
governesses and mothers of less fortunately
favored infants. And from the moment of
her emergence from the nursery, men and
boys had sung her praises unceasingly;
suitors had gathered from all four comers
of the earth to bow the knee in breathless
submission; famous photographers and por-
trait painters, newswriters, sculptors had.
swelled the ranks of her devotees and add-
ed to her fame. So it was not her loveli-
ness that absorbed him now, as she leaned
forward across the candle-lighted board,
exchanging banter with young Howard

641
642

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Coleman and Garret Carpenter, between
whom she was seated. And yet she had
never looked lovelier, for she was swathed
in chiffon of a strange bluish green shade
that made her blue eyes look almost black;
and emphasized the sheen of her bobbed
yellow head. Her shoulders were bare and
gleamed with a pearly luster. And though
she seemed somewhat paler than usual, her
full, three-cornered baby’s mouth was viv-
idly red. Jade earrings hung from her ears,
and a cut jade ornament of considerable
size hung on a chain about her slender
throat.

  The two men, bending over her, adored
her. And it was something in their atti-
tude that had started a train of disturbing
thought in her brother’s mind. Young
Coleman, of course, was not to be seriously
considered. He was not yet out of college.
But Garret Carpenter was worthy even of
Katherine, or so thought her brother, at
least. He and Carpenter had been at Yale
together. He wished that Katherine would
stop playing about—stop flirting with every
new man who took her fancy—stop in her
mad career of dances and dinners and
luncheons and teas—stop drinking and
smoking and rouging her lips.

  It was not that she differed at all from
any of the other girls in her set in these
matters. In New York, in the year nine-
teen hundred and twenty-two, these things
were the things to do. Even the youngest
girls smoked and danced and flirted and
drank. The great war had not been fought
to accomplish the complete emancipation
of women — but it had accomplished it!
The amazing thing was that the young girls
growing up in this atmosphere of freedom
and unconventionality had been able to re-
tain their underlying sweetness and woman-
liness. And Jack Kendall knew that—for
the most part—they had. He knew that
his sister—wild, and willful and fast as she
seemed — was still as morally pure — as
clean and fine at heart as his grandmother
had been in her day—and his grandmother
had been a Schermerhorn—sheltered from
her cradle by watchful nurses, governesses,
and chaperons. Yet—he disapproved of
Katherine’s course—particularly in the
matter of Guy da Costa.

  “ They’ve brought it over from Russia,”
Katherine was saying, “ and it’s not that it
is so different from our own vaudeville or
revues! The same sort of thing has been
done here thousands of times—but not with
quite the same finesse! After all, it is not
what one does that matters so much; it is
how one does it! Don’t you think?”

  “ A dangerous philosophy,” said I larry
Carpenter.

  “But true — true!” insisted Katherine,
wetting her lips with the tip of her tongue.
“ In art—in literature—in society, to-day,
and in business, too, the thing is—not what
have you done—but can you get away with
it?”

  “ I’ve heard that before,” said old Mr.
Coleman, from the head of the table; u but
I can’t quite believe that it is true!”

  “ Dear old dad,” smiled Muriel Coleman.
“ He doesn’t know what the world is like
at all, nowadays. How can he learn, from
his old cronies, and at the clubs!”

  “ Suppose we take him along to the
‘ King of Clubs ’ and give him an eyeful?”
suggested Howard Coleman, winking at
Jack. “ They’re opening to-night, you
know—and the doors are to be closed at
midnight—and no one is to be permitted
to leave until dawn. It's going to be some
party! ”

  “ I hardly think that sort of thing would
interest father,” said Muriel.

  “ I'm not so sure it wouldn’t,” smiled
the old man, “ if I could keep awake that
long. I’d rather like to see how the young
amuse themselves nowadays. In my time,
we weren’t in the habit of frequenting cafes
or restaurants — certainly not to dance
there! The thing was unknown! We had
formal balls at Sherry’s—private parties of
course—and the young girls went with their
mothers or their chaperons — and their
maids.”

  “ The world do move,” smiled Katherine,
powdering her nose, and observing the ef-
fect critically in the tiny mirror of a gold
vanity case.

  The soft-footed maids in black and white,
who had been serving, withdrew. The but-
ler, under whose watchful eye all had pro-
ceeded without a hitch, now approached
Muriel’s chair to ask quietly:
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

643

   “ Shall you want the pocket flasks filled,
Miss Muriel?”

   “ Shall we?” asked Muriel, of the others
at large.

  “ Better be on the safe side,” advised
Katherine. “ There’ll probably be lots of
liquor—but if there isn’t—you know how
ghastly parties are! And I do want to be
amused to-night! I feel”—she stopped,
mentally searching for the exact word—
“ $pring-y!'r she ended triumphantly.
“ Languid and restless and high strung and
tense and hopeful and—a little mad!”

  “ You always feel that way, my dear,”
laughed Muriel, slipping an arm about her
as they all rose and moved toward the door.

  “ At least—you always act that way,”
added her brother.

   Katherine shot a swift glance at him, ob-
served his somber look and wrinkled up her
face in a mischievous grin.

  “ Well—I’m young—and I’m alive!" she
said vibrantly.

  In the drawing-room the coffee service
stood ready. The butler returned with the
small silver flasks and left them without
comment on the little consul table near the
door.

   “ Cocktails!” cried Katherine gayly, dis-
tributing them. “ Scotch whisky and gin!

I dare say that will do nicely—in an emer-
gency.”

  She glanced round smilingly, noted her
brother still regarding her with troubled
eyes, and advanced to him impulsively.

   “ What is it?” she asked frankly. “ Let’s
get it over and done with! Am I to be
scolded? Have I done something particu-
larly dreadful and meriting your disapprov-
al? Tell me—whatever it is—only don’t
go on glaring at me this way!”

   The girls had gone up to get their cloaks
and powder their noses; Garret Carpenter
was keeping the men absorbed in a far cor-
ner of the room. Jack seized his oppor-
tunity.

  “ The fact is, Katherine, I am worried
about you!” he admitted frankly. “ They
are linking your name with this Da Costa
fellow’s all over town!”

  “ Well?” she asked calmly, retouching
her lips with brilliant scarlet rouge.

   “ Well?” he repeated indignantly. “ Does

that please you? To have every one say-
ing that you are sentimentally involved
with a common professional dancer—a for-
eigner—a Greek!”

  “ He’s a Portuguese,” she murmured.
  “Well, a Portuguese, then!”

  “ He’s very fascinating,” said Katherine.
“ What all the girls call a ‘ tiger ’! You’ve
seen him?”

  “ Frequently,” admitted Jack. “ He’s a
lounge lizard! A dissipated young rake—
with women’s eyelashes and oilcloth hair!
He wears too many rings, has scent on his
handkerchief, and uses a cigarette holder
that is just half again too long! And his
elegance of attire indicates that early in life
he must have suffered great poverty some-
where in the slums!”

  “ Of course, you wouldn't understand
him—or appreciate him,” reflected Kath-
erine, her glance running over her brother’s
muscular build. “ You’re a man’s man!
Guy is a woman's man! A lover!”

  She closed her eyes, dreamily, and drew
a long breath. Her brother resisted with
difficulty the impulse to seize her white
shoulders and shake her.

  “ So—you don’t deny that you have been
carrying on a flirtation with this fellow?”
he cried grimly.

  “Deny it? No, indeed!” responded
Katherine, opening wide eyes now! “I’m
a fool over Guy! Until you’ve danced with
him—well, you’ve never danced—that’s all.
And his voice—when he presses his cheek
against yours and tells you how w'onderful
you are! It’s like the low tones of a Ha-
waiian guitar! There’s something tremen-
dous and compelling and electric in his
touch, too! American men are all very
well, Jack, but they are not lovers! And
I’m young—I’m alive—I’m beautiful! I
want to enjoy my youth while it lasts! I
want to live! I want to feel!”

  He gazed at her with knitted brows, half
enraged at her attitude of brazen defiance
—half moved to shame by her frankness.

  “ If you weren’t my sister,” he said with
forced calmness, “ I should classify you as
—quite a different sort of woman than—
you are! For what you evidently mean is
that this fellow has a physical appeal for
you!”
644

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Exactly,” she agreed, nodding and
smiling brightly.

  He stared. He had intended to frighten
and disgust her. But very evidently he had
quite failed.

  “ You see,” she went on frankly, u most
girls pretend that they are ethereal beings
far above the physical plane! I don’t!
I’m a human being—as physical as any-
body else! And Guy does appeal to that
side of me! There are other sides of my
nature that do not approve of Guy! But
the men who appeal to those sides don’t
seem to stir me as Guy does. The great
thing is to decide what I want most—what
I need most.” She had forgotten him, now.
She was debating the problem, with
straightened brows and vague eyes and lips
that drooped wistfully at the corners. With
something like terror, he watched her, fas-
cinated. He had never realized before
what tremendous depths there were in her
—depths of feeling — depths of thought.
Suddenly, he recognized the futility of try-
ing to influence her. She was not only a
beautiful, willful girl! She was a person-
ality!

  “ There are three kinds of women,” she
went on gravely. “If you are a definite
type at all, you belong to one of these three
kinds. They are the women who are bom
to be mistresses, the women who are born
to be wives and helpmates, and the women
who are born to be mothers. The wives
and helpmates are the ones who find their
greatest happiness in the marriage bonds!
The mother women subordinate everything
to the business of bearing and rearing off-
spring. The mistresses — are the women
who love and are loved—devotedly—pas-
sionately—and often. If I only knew to
which class I belong, it would be so easy to
-—decide—many things!”

  He spent his days in Wall Street, his
nights at dances, the theaters, the opera.
He read chiefly the newspapers. And the
things she was saying horrified him. He
stood gazing at her in speechless dismay.

  “ You mean that you—you regard your
feelings for this fellow seriously?” he
gasped at last. “ There is some foundation
of truth in the tales going about—that—
that you are planning to elope with him?”

   She gazed straight back into his eyes,
her own dark with wistfulness and honesty
and wonder.

   “ I am attracted to him—tremendously!
Whether the attraction will grow stronger
—or pass—I don’t know. And of course
—whatever I do will depend on that! But
if he can make me care enough—if he can
make me care so much that I will give up
everything else for him—without regret—
I’ll go with him wherever he’ll take me—
even if I have to pay afterward. It is
something to love that way. And you have
to pay for everything in this life.” She
drew a long breath. “ But all that is in the
future—yet. For the present—I am con-
tent just to—drift.”

   He stood regarding her helplessly, with
something like terror in his eyes.

  “ Where does he come from? Who is
he? Who are his people?” he asked slowly.

  “ I don’t know! And what is more, I
don’t care! Those things are—after all—
so unessential. Only this much I am sure
of: I will not be frightened out of taking
what I want from life! I am going to live!
I am going to be happy! And I don’t give
a damn what anybody else thinks or says!”
As Jack stood motionless, gazing fasci-
nated at his sister’s serious, passionate face,
the others gathered, all ready for the the-
ater and the night of revelry that was to
follow—and old Mr. Coleman was among
them.

  No one had a premonition of what was
about to befall.

CHAPTER II.

THE KING OF CLUBS.

NAT SILVERS had been running cafes
in New York from the time that the
dance craze began. His first estab-
lishment, the Parisian Gardens, had been
located on Seventh Avenue, in a section of
the Tenderloin that was not considered
very choice or smart. There, he had in-
stituted the first cabaret, which had con-
sisted chiefly of cheap song-and-dance acts,
the performers passing among the tables
and mingling freely—sometimes too freely
—with the guests. No fashionable people
THE DANCE

OF DEATH.

645

had been frequehters of the Parisian Gar-
dens. No celebrities had been seen there.
The commonest sort of fast livers had pa-
tronized the place and laid the foundation
for Nat Silvers’s fortune; for the band,
brought on from the West, was the first
“ jazz band ” imported from the Barbary
Coast of San Francisco. It was a band of
negroes, wearing funny hats and playing
funny instruments that had a home-made
look; but the music had a barbaric rhythm
—a swing—a beat—that was new to jaded
New York in nineteen hundred and seven.
And it “ caught on ” in the district where
new thrills are always welcomed and ac-
claimed. Racing touts, song writers, vau-
deville people, liquor salesmen of the lower
class, stenographers and manicurists, travel-
ing men out on a spree, chorus girls and
collegs boys who had not much to spend
but wanted to spend it royally, all knew
Nat Silvers’s place. And after midnight,
women in picture hats and low cut gowns,
women from the various disorderly resorts,
arrived unattended and were permitted to
sit about and wait. The singers of that day
had specialized in suggestive songs.

  But Nat Silvers had not been content
with the Parisian Gardens. Two years
later he opened the “ Jardin de Lys,” on
Broadway, and angled for a better clientele.
There he offered a kind of revue! The
cabaret craze was in full swing. The show
at the Jardin de Lys had roller skaters in
it, a sword dancer, a really good soprano,
a chorus of agile dancing girls. And there
was a French head waiter in charge to give
it what Nat called “ class.”

   He still owned and ran the Parisian Gar-
dens, but he ran the Jardin de Lys differ-
ently. And when he opened the “ College
Inn,” and then the “ Red Mill,” he gave
each one a slightly better air. In nineteen
hundred and twenty he had finally cap-
tured the “ top-notchers ” with his “ Domi-
no Rouge,” which became the most expen-
sive and the most exclusive after-theater re-
sort in New York. The Fifth Avenue
crowd preferred it to Sherry’s or the Junior
League Dances. The food was excellent.
The wine was perfect. The floor was very
small, but beautifully designed for dancing,
and the orchestra was the best in town.

You had to be well known to “ Charlie ”
or you couldn’t get a table at the Domino
Rouge.

  And now Nat Silvers was opening a new
place—the “ King of Clubs.”

  He had taken an old private house and
had remodeled it for this new place, be-
cause prohibition had made somewhat dif-
ferent arrangements necessary. The Domi-
no Rouge was too accessible. Several times
the police and the revenue officers had in-
vaded it.

  The King of Clubs had an iron-grille
door that locked, and an inner door of
solid mahogany and brass. A man in liv-
ery presided at each portal and scrutinized
the arriving guests before admitting them.
And from the supper room, which was on
the second floor, there were five exits, all
carefully designed and concealed, all lead-
ing in different directions, all planned for
the safe and convenient dispersal of guests
should any unexpected interruption occur.
Here the guests could be supplied with the
forbidden intoxicants that they demanded
and were willing to pay for on an incredible
scale. Prohibition had not destroyed Nat
Silvers. It was making him a millionaire.

  Into the furnishings of the King of Clubs
he had sunk a fortune. Rare tapestries and
hangings, just the right furniture and fix-
tures, gave the place an air. And Charlie,
who had so successfully presided over the
Domino Rouge, was in charge of this new
establishment. For the opening announce-
ments had been sent only to the Domino
Rouge’s most desirable patrons, and as
eleven o’clock struck on the opening night,
they began to arrive, expectantly, groups
of flappers from the avenue and the East
Fifties and Sixties and Seventies, attended
by their college and Wall Street swains;
some of the wealthy demimondaines with
their millionaires from Boston and Phila-
delphia and New York; a very few show
girls, swathed in chinchilla and ermine,
glittering with diamond chains and square-
cut emeralds; celebrities of the motion-pic-
ture world eager to see and to be seen;
stage stars; the newest, gayest, richest so-
cial lights; and a sprinkling of bachelors
and dancing men, the poachers who always
come unattended and “ cut in.”
646

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Nat Silvers stood just inside the door-
way of the supper room and watched them,
his little pig’s eyes shining with greed and
gloating; but he was apparently an onlook-
er, for Charlie was in charge—Charlie with
the grand manner, who knew each worth-
while customer by name, knew just what
degree of respectful deference or friendli-
ness to assume in greeting, knew just which
table would be most desired and appre-
ciated. He was inimitable, this Charlie.
No doubt about that. But once Nat Sil-
vers departed from his established principle
and interfered when Charlie was about to
turn away a guest. It was a middle-aged
man in an old-fashioned evening suit — a
shrewd looking grim old fellow with gray
hair that was too long, a diamond on his
finger that was too large, and velvet on the
collar of his long-tailed coat. He was un-
known to Charlie and uninvited, and
Charlie was turning him away with polite
regret and a few hurried words about “ no
tables,” when Silvers caught sight of him
and advanced with outstretched hand.

    Harry Bartlett!” he exclaimed warmly
in greeting.

  Bartlett seized the hand and wrung it;
Charlie nodded wearily for the boy at the
door to lift the crimson rope and admit the
gentleman, and signed to his assistant to
conduct him to table forty-seven — back
among the palms and near the orchestra.
He had been reserving the table for a pair
of lovers who preferred seclusion, and a
spot from which they could see without be-
ing seen. He yielded it up to Bartlett,
hoping that the old-fashioned fellow would
be comparatively inconspicuous there. For
Charlie was an artist in his line, and he
wanted his opening crowd to be an impres-
sive one.

  Accordingly, Bartlett and Silvers fol-
lowed the assistant captain to the screened
table indicated, and there sat down oppo-
site each other, with the interested regard
of men who have not met for years.

  “ It must be fifteen years since I’ve seen
you—or longer,” Silvers was saying with a
smile. “ It was before I left the Coast, I
know!”

  “ Yes,” agreed Bartlett, slowly. “ Well,
you’ve prospered, I see. Started in the new

game in time. I met Johnny Whalen to-
night and he told me about you and the
new place you were opening here. That’s
how I came to show up! I haven’t done so
well, myself. The racing game is done—
finished—and I didn’t know when to quit.
The reformers have about ruined this coun-
try for my kind. Prohibition! Blue laws!
Income tax! We used to have a Conti-
nental tone. Freedom! Now—we’re like a
middle-aged lady going back to pigtails and
pinafores! Guess I haven’t kept abreast
of the times—that’s it! I haven’t done so
well!”

  “ Nothing put by?” asked Silvers. “ You
must have cleaned up several fortunes in
your day, Harry!”

  “ Yes—but you know how it goes.
Come easy—go easy! I had my share of
bad luck, too. And I got trimmed some—
here and there. Oh, I’ve got enough to go
along with. I’ve given up the idea of get-
ting into the millionaire class. I’m a kind
of onlooker, now. It interests me the way
things have changed!”

  He studied the ash on his cigar with
frowning eyes; then glanced up and off
across the crowded rooms.

  “ The crowds don’t even look the same,”
he said. “ Do you remember Rectors—in
the golden days. The old Martins—the
Grand Union at Saratoga? Look at those
girls, for instance. What are they, any-
way? Where do they belong? They don’t
look old enough to be out nights — but
they’re gotten up to look like hussies—and
they act like them, too!”

  His glance followed Katherine Kendall,
dancing with Garry Carpenter.

  “ The face of an angel,” he said; “ but
—look at her! ”

  She was locked close in her partner’s
arms, her cheek against his as they moved
in perfect rhythm.

   “ That’s the Kendall girl,” said Silvers.
“ Millions! They all come to my places—
especially since I’ve got Da Costa.”

  “ Da Costa?” repeated Bartlett, curi-
ously.

  “ The dancer. He's the rage just now.
Dances here every night at twelve thirty!
I had him at the Domino Rouge before.
You haven’t heard of him?”
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

647

  “Not”

  “ Well, the women in this town have
gone crazy over him. God knows why.
He's a good-looking fellow; but no better
than a hundred others that anybody could
name. Only he’s got a way with them—a
way of charming them. I don’t know what
it is! It’s not only that he dances like a
streak. There are lots of good dancers—
But he certainly draws the crowds. 1 pay
him fifteen hundred a week and a percent-
age.'’

  “ That’s real money,” mused Bartlett.

  “Yes; but he’s worth it! Wait till you
see him!’’

  Silvers consulted his watch, and rising,
beckoned the assistant captain.

  “ Mr. Bartlett is my guest! Give him
anything he wants! The house is his,” he
said, and nodding at Bartlett, moved off.

  Bartlett turned to the dance floor again.
The confusion of laughter and talk, the
rattle of cutlery, the clink of glassware and
dishes-—the myriad sounds of the revelers
drinking and supping—had died down as
though at some signal previously given.
The lights were lowered, and a strong white
spotlight was focused on the end of the
room. There was an excited hush. In the
orchestra there was a great roll of drums—
then—dramatically, two figures appeared in
the illumination. One was a slender, red-
haired girl in black, glittering with dia-
monds—on her throat—in her ear&—on her
fingers—in her hair; the other was a man
in the black and white of formal evening
wear.

  It was Da Costa!

  But Bartlett, peering through the screen
of palms, recognized him at a glance as
Tony Costello, one-time valet and pick-
pocket, ex-jailbird, a man whom he of all
men had good cause to remember!

CHAPTER III.

MAGNETIC, SLEEK AND IMMACULATE.

HK sat, transfixed, staring, as Da Costa
and the red-haired girl advanced,
bowing in recognition of the tumul-
tuous applause.

  Then they began to dance.

  It was precisely as Silvers had said!
There was nothing unusual or miraculous
about their dancing. The girl was unde-
niably pretty and graceful. Da Costa had
lost none of his grace or charm. He moved
with agility and ease; he smiled, his white
teeth flashing against his dark skin; his
beautiful dark eyes were fixed on the girl’s
face, passionately. But he was sleek, im-
maculate—and he radiated still—as he had
always radiated—a terrific physical magne-
tism — an animal magnetism that played
about him like lightning, setting him apart,
singling him out, holding the eyes of all
beholders.

  Bartlett felt it, understood it, as he had
felt and understood it years before. And
his glance wandered from the dancers to
the breathless crowds at the tables. They
were like birds, hypnotized by a serpent.
The women and girls, especially, gazed
upon Da Costa with brilliant eyes, wetting
their lips, or biting them; holding their
breath—all, perhaps, save Katherine Ken-
dayv, who sat as though a little bored and
weary, though there was something in her
very guarded aloofness that was significant.

  The music — barbaric — insidious—ele-
mental in its appeal—with a beating, throb-
bing undertone that had something savage
in it, emphasized the sensuous swaying of
the dancers, and affected the audience pow-
erfully. They followed every move and
posture, hung upon the hard, brilliant glit-
ter of the woman’s diamonds, the gleam of
her white body through the enshrouding
black gauze; the flaming hair; the sleek,
panther-like litheness of the man. The
pair held them in a kind of spell. But not
Bartlett.

  There grew in him, as he watched, a
sudden violent hatred of this puppet of his
own—this Frankenstein that he had cre-
ated! For lie had freed Tony Costello from
a second impending jail sentence, had edu-
cated and groomed and clothed him to be a
tool of his own in San Francisco eight years
before. He had made of him this finished
instrument of destruction, and had shared
his spoils equally for the three years that
he had directed his career.

  Then the war had called Costello, and he
had marched away—never to come back.
648

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

For five years Bartlett had believed him
dead. He had looked upon him as an invest-
ment that had not panned out. Now he
realized that Costello had simply wearied
of paying dividends—had preferred New
York to the Western Coast—had widened
his field of operation—and had eliminated
his master by the simple expedient of
changing his name.

  Bartlett was a gambler, and a game
sport. He had held no bitterness in his
heart for Tony Costello, whom he believed
to have died in France. But against this
cheat, this welcher, Guy da Costa, his fury
grew.

  He had picked him up out of the gutter,
sensing his insidious charm; had paid for
his clothes, his food, his education; had
himself engaged dancing masters and pro-
cured the boy’s first cafe engagement. For
all this, he had taken half of the boy’s
earnings, of course—and half of all that he
made on the side from the foolish women
who flocked about him, and their more
foolish husbands, and fathers and sons.
But that had been the arrangement agreed
upon between them on the night that Cos-
tello was arrested for pocket picking on the
Barbary Coast, and Bartlett had gone bail
for him and paid counsel for his defense.

  He felt now that there was a lot of
money coming to him.

  Half of all that Guy da Costa had earned
in the intervening years, with the means
that Bartlett had supplied. But for Bart-
lett he would still be a petty thief in San
Francisco. That was what Bartlett
thought, as the dancers swayed, and the
audience sat breathless, and the barbaric
music throbbed and beat.

   He stood up, trembling, the better to ap-
praise his handiwork and judgment. And
his face—topping the palms, now, came by
chance into the white light cast by the cal-
cium lamps. And as he gazed at Da Costa,
suddenly, in turning, Da Costa saw him.

  He faltered. He almost stopped. His
feet—so clever—so well trained—missed a
beat. To see Bartlett’s face like that, so
grim, so hard, so accusing—was like seeing
a ghost. It startled him out of all com-
posure.

   “ What is it?” panted the red-haired girl

under her breath. She had never known
him to miss a step before.

  “It’s nothing. Go on!” he whispered.

  He did not glance toward Bartlett again;
but the smile was no longer on his lips—
that famous smile that so intrigued the
women, and in his dark eyes was an ex-
pression of doubt, of uncertainty, almost
fear.

  The dance ended—amid tumultuous ap-
plause. They bowed, retreating. They
bowed again and again. The orchestra
picked up the encore.

  But something intangible had gone out
of Da Costa’s work. He did not move with
his usual abandon, his usual careless lis-
someness; and he did not smile. He was
uneasy. Although Bartlett was no longer
visible among the palms, Da Costa felt the
menace of his presence there. He finished
the encore and made his way toward the
stairway in the rear, the wide stairway that
led to the lounge and retiring rooms on the
floor above. But before he mounted the
steps he sent a waiter to Katherine with a
note hastily scribbled on one of his cards.
He wrote:

Get away on some pretext and meet me in

   the lounge upstairs! Important!

                                          Gtjt.

  Then he hurried up the stairs and en-
tered the lounge.

  It was a little French drawing-room,
beautifully done, and—it was empty. He
made sure of that! Then he passed into
the little Turkish smoking room beyond it
and made sure that that was empty, too.
Returning to the little French drawing-
room, he waited there, watching the door.
Since there was no other way to enter either
room save by that door—the Turkish room
was just a sort of alcove with no doorway
of its own—he felt sure that he could say
what he wanted to say to Katherine with-
out any danger of eavesdroppers—and this
was most essential.

  If he had been permitted to follow the
course he had carefully mapped out for
himself, he would not have asked Katherine
to marry him for another month at the least.
He was by no means sure of his hold upon
her emotions yet. But the untimely arrival
THE DANCE OF DEATH.	649

of Bartlett was forcing his hand; for Bart-
lett knew too much about him. Bartlett
could—if he so desired—reveal to Kather-
ine or her family, enough about his past to
destroy what feeling the girl had for him.
And she was his great opportunity. Mar-
riage with her meant not only fortune—it
meant security, too, and a future. He was
playing for big stakes—the biggest stakes
he had ever played for—and time pressed.

  Just what Bartlett meant to do Da Costa
had no idea; but that Bartlett would take
some means of avenging the trick that had
been played upon him, Da Costa felt cer-
tain. He knew Bartlett.

  He regretted now that he had not played
fair; but it had seemed so simple to elimi-
nate Bartlett by changing his name and so
to keep all his earnings for himself. And
he had believed Bartlett permanently es-
tablished in the West. He had so often
heard the older man declare that the golden
opportunities lay there—that there was
nothing in the East for him or his kind.
And now—here he was—most inopportune-
ly—turning up to jeopardize Da Costa’s
hard-fought campaign.

  Pacing the floor nervously, he waited,
watching the door, listening for the sound
of Katherine’s coming.

  There was a step on the stair. He
mopped his perspiring brow, and forced a
smile.

  But the smile faded as he saw that it
was Bartlett who appeared in the doorway.

  He had noted Da Costa’s retreat from
the supper room and had followed him, un-
ostentatiously. Now he quietly closed the
door behind him and advanced, his eyes
fixed grimly upon Da Costa’s whitening
face.

  “ Hello, Tony,” he said pleasantly—too
pleasantly. In his voice was the ring of
steel.

   Da Costa wet his lips. His first impulse
was to deny his identity—to pretend to be
somebody else. Then, the futility of such
a move came home to him. He stood silent.

  “ You haven’t forgotten me, have you?”
said Bartlett. “ Harry Bartlett — from
Frisco. Don’t you remember the night I
went bail for you when you were up on that
larceny charge—and I got my lawyer to

defend you? And that little affair with
the Cronin girl at Vernon—”

  “ Sure, 1 remember you. Of course I
remember you,” said Da Costa hurriedly.
“ But we can’t talk here—”

  “Yes, we can talk here, all right,” said
Bartlett interrupting. “ And we’re going to
talk here!”

  Da Costa was trembling.

 “Impossible!” he protested. “Too
many about! This is a public room. Any
one may come in—at any moment—”

  He was thinking of Katherine—blessing
whatever it was or whoever it was that was
detaining her.

 “ Come to my rooms—to-morrow?” he
urged.

  “ Oh, no,” smiled Bartlett, shaking his
head. “ You gave me the slip once. I’m
taking no chances with you a second time!
You little skunk! Thought you’d shake
me, did you? Thought you didn’t need me
any more—so you’d chuck me! You
welcher! ”

  His self-control was slipping now. He
was working himself into a passion of rage.
And his voice was raised; but the jazz band
dowTistairs was beating out another weird,
barbaric dance tune—and nobody heard.

  “ Shut up, I tell you! We can settle all
this later!” cried Da Costa in fear.

  “ We’ll settle it now!” roared Bartlett
hoarsely. “ And we’ll settle dollar for dol-
lar! You hear! Why, you’d be in the gut-
ter yet if I hadn’t picked you out and
cleaned you up and taught you how to play
this game! You’re very fine to-night, Mr.
Guy da Costa! Your nails are manicured,
and your trousers are nicely creased, and
your manners are very high and mighty.
But everything you’ve got, I got for you—
hear that? I got you those pearl studs!
/ got you that ring—all of it—everything
—it’s all mine! And you’re going to come
across—and come clean! ”

  Da Costa’s eyes were glittering, now.
His fear of discovery and disgrace — the
agonizing possibility that this old man might
wreck his plans—ruin his carefully planned
campaign for future greatness—and secu-
rity—set blazing in him suddenly the fires
of battle. He was at bay—and true to his
type, when he was cornered, he would fight.
650

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ You’re going to shut up,” he cried
through clenched teeth, “ or I’m going to
have you thrown out of here — into the
street 1”

  Bartlett caught his breath; he saw red.

  “ You’re going to have me thrown out?”
he repeated. “ You jailbird,I” he cried.

  Da Costa leaped at his throat—reverting
to earlier tactics—to the tricks of the street
gamin he had been when Bartlett had first
picked him up. He had lost all caution,
now. His one impulse was to still that
taunting voice that threatened to jeopardize
his future. There was murder in his heart
—murder in the fingers that closed upon
the older man’s throat; but Bartlett had
matched his wits against the law too many
times to succumb now without a struggle.
In fact, he was—as always—prepared.

  On his way up, he had passed a serving
table, and his eye had fallen upon a small,
sharp, steak knife that lay on it—a little
French carving knife—a dangerous weapon.
Unarmed, he had recognized the wisdom of
preparing against just such an attack as
this. He reached for the knife, which he
had hidden in his waistcoat pocket.

  Sensing the meaning of his move, Da
Costa released his grip upon Bartlett’s
throat and seized the hand that already
gripped the weapon. They struggled, Da
Costa with the fear of death egging him on;
Bartlett obsessed with the fury to punish
and avenge.

  The knife, drawn from his waistcoat
pocket by Bartlett, was forced back by Da
Costa, until the sharp point of it pierced
the older man’s side, and was driven in
slowly, painfully. But he was a Spartan
and he made no outcry—only exerted every
ounce of strength there was in him—and
steeling his muscles, forced back Da Costa’s
hand.

  Slowly the knife came out: Bartlett
forced it away from himself and toward Da
Costa, turning the blade as it came. Dread
and horror crept into the dancer’s eyes.
He felt the intensity of purpose back of the
knife, though he did not know of the pain
that Bartlett was suffering, or the warm
blood that he felt trickling out against his
shirt. Closer and closer came the point
toward Da Costa’s throat.

  Now the anger in him was passing, to be
replaced by craven fear. The point of the
blade scratched against his collar. He grew
cold; sweat stood out on his brow; he ex-
erted all his energy to force back the hand
that clutched it so firmly—but to no avail.
He felt the steel upon his throat—threw
back his head and uttered a cry of horror.
But a gasp—a gurgle cut short the cry as
the blade went home.

  The grip upon Bartlett’s arm tightened
spasmodically and loosed. Guy da Costa
lurched forward, a trembling, shaking heap
—and lay still, the knife still plunged to
the hilt in his neck.

  And as Bartlett stood looking down at
what he had done, with one hand pressing
his own wounded side, the throbbing, beat-
ing uncivilized music of the band down-
stairs—a fitting accompaniment to such a
deed—suddenly ended with a weird jarring
discord—and Bartlett heard Katherine’s
knock upon the door.

CHAPTER IV.

THE SCREAM OF A WOMAN.

THE arrival of Guy da Costa’s card at
the Colemans’ table had aroused
Jack Kendall’s ire and stirred his an-
tagonism afresh; but the message written
on it had appealed strongly to Katherine’s
thirst for adventure and romance:

Get away on some pretext and meet me in

  the lounge upstairs! Important!

                                 Guy.

  Those words, written in a hurried scrawl,
piqued her curiosity—spurred her imagina-
tion. With eyes so much keener because
of her interest in him, she had observed Da
Costa’s strange behavior during his dance,
and she had wondered. It was clear, now,
that something had happened. Was he ill,
perhaps?

  Her brother s eyes, fixed on her, aroused
her from her abstraction. She tucked the
card into the front of her gown and looked
up to find the others at the table all watch-
ing her questioningly.

  She smiled and dismissed the waiter with
a nod—turned to Garret Carpenter with
perfect poise and assurance and cried:
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

651

  “ Come on, Garry! The ‘ Song of In-
dia '! We can t miss this!”

  And an instant later she was dancing with
him, as though the message on the card
had been a jest of some sort—and of no im-
portance at all. But Jack Kendall was not
deceived, nor was Garry Carpenter. Both
men had seen the almost imperceptible rais-
ing of her eyebrows as she had read the
message—the fixed stare with which she
had regarded it. Both men were alert—
and rather anxious.

  Meanwhile Katherine danced, with eyes
half closed, her cheek against Garry’s, her
mind racing.

  She hoped that he was not ill — that
nothing had happened which might pre-
cipitate a crisis in their pleasant relation-
ship; for as she had truthfully told her
brother, she was not at all sure yet what
she wanted to do about Guy. She under-
stood the nature of his appeal to her, per-
fectly—but she was not sure enough of her-
self yet to know just how much that sort
of appeal meant to her. And young as she
was, she was clever enough to realize that
her whole future was at stake in the affair
•—and that she must make no mistake.

  He thrilled her—he made love to her di-
vinely, with every glance, wkh every word,
with every accidental contact; for he had
the suavity and finesse about such things,
the absolute freedom from self-conscious-
ness that most Latins have—and no Amer-
icans. He never felt as a silly ass saying flat-
tering things to her. He never minded the
whole world’s knowing that he adored her.
She liked that. But there was much in
him that she did not quite like—that she
did not quite understand — but that she
vaguely distrusted.

  For one thing, she did not absolutely be-
lieve him. There was something about his
eyes—wide and dark and melting as they
were—something disturbing. He had not
the frankness, the straight-from-the-shoul-
der honesty, the substantial reliability of
Garry Carpenter. He seemed, at times, too
tactful, too diplomatic. And he lacked
Carpenter’s cool head, his reasonableness.
He was not remarkably intelligent; but he
was charming; he amused her, and stirred
her to strange new depths of feeling.

  However, it was one thing to dance and
flirt and play about with him, and another
thing altogether to give her whole future
into his keeping.

  “ The Song of India ” went on—not ex-
actly as Rimski-Korsekov wrote it, but as
the leader of the jazz band had arranged it
for dancing. And Garry Carpenter held
her close, trembling at the precious contact,
but inarticulate. She knew this—as all
girls know—understood perfectly that she
could have him for the mere nod of her
head, and she smiled up at him, wishing
that he could stir in her the depths that
Da Costa stirred, for she already admired
him—liked him—respected him, more than
she could ever admire or like or respect Da
Costa.

  The dance ended, but most of the dan-
cers held theit places, applauding, smiling
toward the band, waiting for the encore
that was never denied them. This was her
opportunity. She had been reluctant to
hurry to the lounge upon receipt of Guy’s
note, partly through an unwillingness to
annoy her brother, partly through a disin-
clination to flatter Guy. But now she laid
her hand on Garry’s arm and murmured
softly:

  “ I think I’ll run up and powder my
nose, if you’ll come with me as far as the
stairs. Something seems to tell me I need
to get organized!”

  “ Right-ol” said Garry.

  The dance began again, but they moved
through the slowly progressing couples
without much difficulty, and gained the
stairway. It was beyond the entrance to
the supper room, so they were screened
from observation here, and as she turned to
mount the steps, Garry detained her.

-	“ Oh, Kit,” he said, as if he had sudden-
ly thought of something, and she turned,
hesitating. “ We’re good friends, aren’t
we?” he brought out then, slowly, and with
some difficulty.

  She stared—arrested by his manner, dis-
cerning the seriousness underneath.

  “ Why—of course,” she cried sincerely.
“You know that!”

  “ We’ve always been,” he admitted,
“ and I hope we’ll go on being—no matter
what happens—ever—to—to either of us.
652

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

But what I particularly wanted to say was
•—I wish you would promise me that—if
ever you have to make an important deci-
sion—you know—I mean one that really
concerns you deeply—you'll tell me about
it first—and talk it over.”

  He was flushed, now, and embarrassed.
“Why—Garry!” she cried, astonished.
“ I know it’s a lot to ask—and that I’ve
no right to ask it—even as a friend,” he
went on; “ but I do wish you'd promise.
It's just—that I don’t want you to—make
any mistakes. There are some things about
life, perhaps, that you don’t know*—and
maybe I do. And maybe I could help you
a little. You're so young—and so much
flattered. And it's so easy to make a mess
of things!”

  She was frowrning a little now—not en-
tirely pleased.

  “ Don't misunderstand me.” he begged
miserably. “ I'm not criticizing you—or
trying to intrude myself into your affairs.
I don’t know how to say it. I’m not much
at this sort of thing; but—if I could only
safeguard you a little—you are so impul-
sive—so big-hearted and sympathetic. If
I could just be sure that you wouldn't do
anything — anything really important—
without a lot of careful thinking—”

  He stopped, for she had laid her hand
on his arm again with the simplicity and
naturalness of a child, and she was smiling.

  “ Dear Garry,” she cried softly. ‘ I can
promise you that!”

  And then she ran lightly upstairs, hum-
ming to herself. She passed into the dress-
ing room, powdered her nose, shook out her
bobbed hair and patted it into shape with
deft fingers: rouged her lips. Then she
knocked softly at the door of the lounge,
which w as closed.

  The music had stopped again, down-
stairs. She waited, knocked again — and
still obtaining no answer, tried the knob.
The door opened, and she went in.

  Garry, meanwhile, waited at the foot of
the stairs to escort her back to her table.
He lighted a cigarette and lounged against
the newel post, idly watching the crowded
supper room through the curtained door-
way. For one—two—perhaps three min-
utes he stood there waiting. Then — he

heard a scream — terrified — startled—an-
guished—a woman’s scream—Katherine’s;
and he mounted the stairs two at a time.
The door to the lounge was now open. He
dashed in—looked wildly around—and saw
Guy s body on the floor behind the door.
The maid from the ladies’ dressing room
and the boy from the men’s room crowded
in behind him, drawn by the scream.

  Katherine was not there.

CHAPTER V.

THE DOORS ABE LOCKED.

A GLANCE assured Garry that the
man on the floor was dead; but his
concern was not for him, but for
Katherine. Leaving the maid and the
cloak-room boy to bend over the body and
search for signs of life, he hurried on into
the Turkish room beyond.

  Xo one here, either—and yet—no other
means of egress. She could not have left
the room after he heard the scream with-
out his meeting her on the stairs. She must
be here—somewhere. But where?

  “Katherine!” he called. “Katherine!”

  At the sound of his voice the drapery
along the wall stirred, and without a sound
the girl fell out from behind them in a help-
less little heap upon the floor. She had
fainted.

  Picking her up in his arms, he carried
her out into the French drawing-room,
where the maid and the boy still lingered
in horrible fascination.

  “ Get her some water—smelling salts—
anything to restore her,” he cried, placing
her in the woman’s arms, and turning to the
boy, added: “ You get Mr. Silvers—quick!
And mind you say nothing about this to
any one! Not to any one!”

  They submitted to his self-constituted
authority and obeyed. Gam- hurried down
to the supper room and summoned Charlie.

  “ Guy da Costa has been murdered up-
stairs.” he said, turning his face from the
crowded room so that there would not even
be a chance to read his lips. “ I've sent
for Mr. Silvers. Don’t tell any one else
just yet—but keep things going here—and
don't let any one leave!”
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

653

  Amazed, incredulous, shaken with the
shock of it, Charlie nodded dumbly—and
Garry mounted the stairs again.

  But in the interim Bartlett had regained
his table!

  When the music had stopped, and he had
looked up from the dead man at his feet to
hear Katherine’s knock on the door, he had
known one agonizing instant of panic, and
had had to clench his fists and set his jaw
against the wild impulse to run amuck—to
run yelling down into that laughing, danc-
ing, careless throng and shout aloud what
he had done.

  The madness passed.

  Glancing swiftly about the little French
drawing-room, he had seen at a glance that
there was no hiding place there—the hang-
ings at the windows were short, the fur-
nishings stood out against the white wood-
work and pale yellow walls. There was no
closet, no other door save into the Turkish
smoking room. He retreated through that
—and just in time, for Katherine, after
knocking a second time, was opening the
door.

  The Turkish room had no other exit
through which he could escape, but the
walls were draped to give the room the ap-
pearance of a tent. He secreted himself
behind the draperies—listening.

  From this hiding place he had overheard
the rest of the little drama enacted—Kath-
erine’s scream—her retreat to the Turkish
room—her attempt to conceal herself be-
hind the draperies, too.

  He had held his breath, then—had stood
there with his hand pressed hard upon the
wound in his side, his wide eyes fixed—
every nerve alert. Only the girl’s collapse
had saved him from discovery then, for if
Garry had searched, he must surely have
found Bartlett first, as Bartlett was nearer
to him.

  But Katherine had fainted, falling out
into view as she gave way, and Bartlett had
heard the maid and the boy sent on their
errands; had heard Garry, too, run down
the stairs.

  Seizing his opportunity, he had come out
from his hiding place, past the dead man
stealthily, down the stairs, and back to his
table unobserved.

  Triumphantly, now, he relaxed, examin-
ing with cautious fingers the knife wound
in his side. It pained a good deal, and it
bled. He could feel the blood oozing slow-
ly out—could feel it soaking his heavy un-
dergarment and shirt; but it was under his
arm and it did not show. Only the waist-
coat had ripped under the knife blade, not
his coat. If he could get out now without
arousing suspicion, he could get away—
free. No one would ever know.

  The first thing was to establish an alibi.
He summoned a waiter.

  “ Can’t I get some service here?” he
cried indignantly. “ I’ve been trying to
get some attention for twenty minutes.”

  “ Yes, sir,” said the waiter. “ I’m sorry,
sir. I didn’t see you. What would you
like?”

  “ Some champagne,” said Bartlett, care-
lessly, “ and my check!”

  “ Check?” said the waiter, in some sur-
prise. “ But you can’t leave now, sir. The
doors are locked!”

  “ Locked?” repeated Bartlett. His voice
was not quite steady. He tried to muster a
look of surprise. “ Why are the doors
locked? WThat has happened?”

  He felt—as soon as he had said it—that
that was not at all the thing to say—but it
was too late to withdraw it; he could only
smile as though he had been half in jest.

  “ Nothing has happened, sir,” answered
the waiter. “ It is just Mr. da Costa’s idea
for the opening night—to make the party
last. No one is allowed to go home until
daybreak.”

  “ Mr. da Costa’s idea?” repeated Bart-
lett, slowly.

  “ Yes, sir,” said the waiter, and moved
away.

  Bartlett drew a long breath. Da Costa’s
idea! There was something arresting in
that—something alarming—something like
fate. Without guessing what was to hap-
pen to him that night, Da Costa had
planned to have the doors locked upon the
guests and not opened until dawn — and
now those locked doors stood between his
murderer and freedom. Perhaps those
locked doors would serve to avenge Da
Costa. It was simply a question of time.
Could Bartlett stanch that gentle flow of
654

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

blood before the stain spread far enough
to be seen and betray him. It was hidden
securely now beneath his waistcoat and
his coat. But daybreak was hours off.

  He looked at his watch. Ten minutes
past one! That meant five hours — six
hours, perhaps, to wait. Six hours to sit
there waiting! Waiting for the news to
Spread—for the frenzy of excitement to be-
gin—for the coming of the police and the
investigation. Six hours — in which that
wound in his side might bleed—and the
blood stain spread slowly, soaking through
the waistcoat and the coat until it appeared
ominously dark and wet—for all the world
to see—until it crept gradually above the
line of his waistcoat, standing out redly in
plain view against the soft plaited bosom of
his white shirt.

  Six hours!

  He relaxed in his chair, with a look of
weariness on his graying face. Any other
man in the world would have been beaten
down under the thought of such a hideous
strain; but Bartlett was game—and a fight-
er. He had played against odds all his life
—and time and again he had won. And he
told himself, now, grimly, he was not going
to begin to be a quitter—not at his age!
Let it be a fight between that dead man up-
stairs and himself! He had killed Da Costa
—and Da Costa had locked the doors.
Well, Bartlett would stand pat and let the
dead man make the next move in the game.
If he must wait quietly there, watching
those jazz mad, drink mad young fools ca-
pering and laughing, he would wait. He
folded his napkin and thrust it underneath
his coat, against the wound. He could not
get it closer to the flow of blood, even there
among the palms where Charlie had hidden
him. Somebody might see him opening his
waistcoat and shirt. But it might absorb
some of the damned blood and so postpone
its crimson accusation 1

  The waiter brought his champagne and
filled his glass—and he drank it off and
followed it with another. It might sustain
him, he thought. Then came the thought
that it would quicken his heart action and
increase the flow of blood. He began to
sip it, then, at intervals, calculating them
with care. It gave him something to think

about, beside his game with the dead man
upstairs.

  The band began to play u The Song of
India ” again—by request.

  Upstairs, in the dressing room, Katherine
opened her eyes and stared about her.
Gradually recollection came. She called
for Garry—wildly—like a frightened child
—remembering that he had been calling
her name as she fell.

  “ Garry!” she wailed piteously.

  He came as far as the door and she went
to meet him. He took her in his arms,
simply, and held her close, comforting her.
She buried her bobbed yellow head on his
shoulder, sobbing a little.

  “ You saw him? You know?” she said.

  “ Yes,” he said soothingly.

  “ That dreadful knife! Oh, who could
have done it? Who?” she asked tearfully.
“ Such a dreadful thing!”

  “ I don’t know—but we’ll find out,” he
assured her. “ He was—dead when you
found him?”

  “ Yes—I think so,” she answered. “ He
must have been! The knife was—deep in
his throat — and — he didn’t move when
I cried out!”

  “ And you—saw nobody else there?”
asked Garry.

  “ Nobody! ”

  “ I saw the young lady go in,” said the
maid from the dressing room. She had
been listening, and she spoke up now,
proud to have something more to add.
“ Nobody came out after. Not till you
went in. I didn’t see nobody else!”

  They looked at her—and then Silvers
came hurrying up the stairs. Charlie had
already told him the news.

  “ Where is he?” he asked.

  “ In there,” answered Garry.

  “ Come in!” said Silvers.

  Garry hesitated, looking at Katherine.

  “ Could you—bear it?” he asked gently.

  “ Yes—yes!" she answered.

  They followed him into the little French
drawing-room and closed the door. Silvers
was bending over the body to assure him-
self that what he had heard was true.
Katherine crossed to the other side of the
room, carefully not looking.
THE DANCE OF DEATH.

655

  “ Dead,” said Silvers, with a tone of
finality.

  “ Yes,” said Garry. “ He was dead
when I found him!”

  “ You found him?” asked Silvers, curi-
ously.

  “ Yes! And sent for you!”

  “We must notify the police!” said the
little man, still staring, fascinated, at the
hideous sight. And then he added in a
voice with a groan in it, “ This will ruin
me! ”

  Garry found a cigarette and lighted it.
His glance wandered to Katherine, who was
sitting, now, leaning back in a dainty bro-
caded chair, with her eyes closed. He
looked at Silvers again.

  “ Yes,” he said, “ if you call in the po-
lice it will ruin you!”

  “ Ij I call in the police,” cried Silvers.
“ Fve got to call in the police! What else
can I do? You can’t hush a thing like this
up! He’s got to be buried, ain’t he? And
the murderer’s got to be found!”

  He squinted at Garry thoughtfully—then
glanced at the girl.

  “ I better not waste any more time,” he
said.

  “ Wait!” cried Garry swiftly. “ You
might save a lot of publicity and scandal
if you solve the mystery yourself before
you call in the police!”

  “ If I solve it?” repeated Silvers. “ I’ve
got a siveU chance of solving it! I’m no
detective!”

  “ Neither am I,” admitted Garry, “ but
I dare say we’ve got as much brains as
most detectives, and as much ingenuity.
Besides, to make it simpler, we know that
the murderer is right here in this house.
The doors are locked! Nobody could have
gotten out! It’s just a question of discov-
ering which one of us did it!”

  “ Which one of us?” gasped Silvers.
  “Which person in the house!”

  “ Yes; but how are we going to discover
that?” asked Silvers.

  “ It ought not to be so difficult,” said
Garry slowly. “ Whoever did it knew Da
Costa and had a motive! We know that
much to begin with. And it ought to be
fairly easy to sort out all the persons pres-
ent to-night who might possibly be guilty.”

  Silvers reflected.

  “If we could pull it and get away with
it, it would be a lot better for me,” he ad-
mitted. •“ But if we don’t bring it off—
there’ll be hell to pay!”

  “ It’s worth the risk,” said Garry.
“ Isn’t it?”

  He eyed Silvers steadily, and Silvers be-
 gan to remember Garry’s wealth, his posi-
 tion, his importance. Here was a man, he
 knew, whose influence was worth having.
 He might need it! On the other hand,
 there was the chance that Garry might
 simply be using him for his own purpose.
 And might leave him in the lurch after-
 ward.

  “ You're—intending to help find the
murderer?” he asked.

  “Yes!”

  “ And—you’re not—shielding any one?”
Katherine raised her head and looked at
them. Both men were looking at her.

  “ No,” said Garry.

  Silvers nodded slowly.

  “ How did you come to find the body?”
he asked.

  Garry hesitated.

  “ I screamed,” Katherine put in quietly,
 “ and he came up to me!”

  “ We’d been dancing, you see,” explained
 Garry, “ and I was waiting for her at the
 foot of the steps!”

  “ But she couldn't have seen him on her
way to the dressing room,” objected Silvers,
noting the position of the body.

  “ No,” said Katherine quietly. “ He
had sent me this note—to my table. I
came up to see what he wanted.”

  She drew the card from her bosom and
handed it to Silvers. He glanced at it with
narrowing eyes.

  “ You see—he anticipated trouble,” said
Garry, “ or at least—he was upset about
something! Something had happened!”
Silvers scrutinized the girl’s face; his
small pig eyes seemed to cut into her.

  “ You are quite sure he was dead when
you reached him?” he asked.

  “ He seemed to be. He didn’t move
when I screamed,” she responded.

  Silvers still searched her face. The blood
 mounted to Garry’s forehead.

  “ Exactly what do you mean?” he cried.
656

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY..

  “ Nothing,” answered Silvers hastily.
“ Nothing!”

  He approached the body again, and
gazed down at it—bent nearer—staring.

   “ One of my French carving knives! ” he
exclaimed, recognizing the weapon still
thrust into Da Costa’s throat. “ One of
my own knives! ”

   Garry looked about the room swiftly.

   “ His assailant came armed for murder,
then,” he said. “ Such a knife would not
have been in this room!”

  “ No,” agreed Silvers. “ Not even on
this floor!”

   “ It was murder with intent, then,” said
Garry; “ brutal—premeditated — planned!
Some one followed him here from the sup-
per room armed to slay him. But who?”

  “ Yes—who?” repeated Silvers awkward-
ly, looking down.

  “ That is what we must find out,” de-
clared Garry, “ between now and dawn!
Six hours for our investigation—six hours
for uninterrupted research — while the
guilty person is still under this roof. It
ought to be easy. We have only to use our
brains! ”

  “ Well,” said Silvers, drawing a long
breath, “ I’ll be ruined in this town, any-
way if this case gets a lot of notoriety.
We’ll wait until daylight before notifying
the police! I’ll risk it! How shall we
begin?”

CHAPTER VI.

“ LET THE DANCE GO ON.”

GARRY threw back his head and

_^ squared his shoulders. He felt that

he had won the first trick in the haz-
ardous game that he was playing for Kath-
erine’s safety. For, the instant he had
first looked upon Guy da Costa, dead, he
had realized how seriously the girl might
be involved. To avoid the scandal for her
sake! To find the murderer swiftly and
so exonerate her before she could even be
implicated! That had been his idea! Not
for an instant did he suspect her! He
loved her—had loved her for years. He
trusted her implicitly, and believed in her.
Underneath the modern flippancy, the

saucy daring, the heedless recklessness, he
knew there was a real woman—sweet, shy,
innocent. And he was determined that this
inner Katherine—this real Katherine—
should not suffer for the folly of that outer
sham—that product of civilization that the
world knew.

  “ The first thing,” he said now, with an
air of confident authority, “ is to send Miss
Kendall back to her party. She must
dance—and laugh and jest with the others
—as though nothing unusual had happened
here. We must let no one down there
guess! It is going to be difficult,” he add-
ed, with a new tenderness, turning to the
girl; “ but you are strong enough — and
plucky enough — to manage it, I know!
Besides ourselves, the maid out there, the
check-room boy, and Charlie, nobody here
knows—except the murderer. The others
must not have the slightest suspicion or
there would be a panic! And the murderer
would find it easier to keep his guilty se-
cret! As it is, now, we can watch for a
smile that tries to hide a trembling lip—
for eyes that seek to hide the hunted look
of fear—for ears that strain for the heavy
tread of the police. You can’t sit—hour
after hour—and hide these things! He will
be wondering what is going on up here—
what we are thinking—what we are doing!
But he will not dare ask! We must keep
him in that state of suspense! In six hours,
who knows? We may break his spirit—
wear out his endurance. It is worth a
trial.”

   “ Yes,” admitted Silvers, “ you’re right!”

  “ Come,” said Garry encouragingly, lay-
ing his hand on Katherine’s arm. “ I’ll
take you down—and we’ll finish the dance,
and I’ll leave you at the table with thi
others and disappear. You must tease me.
You must pretend I have been comman-
deered by a brazen little flapper in — in
pink. And you must behave exactly as you
have always behaved—as happy—as care-
free.”

   “ I’ll try,” said Katherine.

  “No, that is not enough! You must
manage it—do you understand?” he cried
earnestly — almost sternly. “ You must
realize that your reputation is in danger—
your life, in fact! I believe in vou—and

                   i	a
i THE DANCE OF DEATH.

657

I'm going to save you if it’s humanly pos-
sible. But you must help me by guarding
against suspicion. It is imperative!”

  “ I’ll do it,” said Katherine, then. “ And
—I’ll never—forget.”

  Her voice wavered—broke—for the first
time in her reckless, careless life. She had
never taken anything seriously before. But
she knew what was at stake now. They all
knew. The police courts—newspaper pub-
licity — a trial — perhaps imprisonment.
The chair!

  Innocent women had been tried before—
and condemned! Circumstantial evidence
had a way of seeming hideously conclusive
—sometimes.

  She rouged her lips anew—and touched
her cheeks delicately with her pink-tinted
puff. She hastily repaired the damage her
tears had done. Her heart was very heavy.

It had a weight on it that almost prevented
its beating. But she smiled—and—even
Silvers was moved by her courage—Silvers,
who did not believe in her as Garry did—
who did not quite trust her.

  They went down the stairs together,
Katherine’s hand trembling on his arm—
down into that noisy, smoke-filled room—
back to the crash and blare and thump of
the jazz band, the rattle of dishes, the
noisy chatter and laughter of the revelers.
Supper was in full swing. Things that you
crack and get paper caps out of had been
passed to all—and many of the gayer ones
now had their hats on their heads. They
had noise-making trinkets, too, to add to
the hilarity and din. It was Manhattan at
its maddest! Women, painted and per-
fumed, manicured and coiffed, and draped
in clinging stuffs until they were like some
rare exotic flowers, drooped across the ta-
bles, flirting their feathered' fans. Men,
very young and vapid, or very old and
coarse, bent forward to meet them—ex-
changing whispered words. And the wom-
en laughed too loudly—or rolled veiled and
languid eyes. Other couples clung together,
swaying, and turning, but scarcely moving
their feet on the overcrowded floor. It was
too hot in the room—too close.

   To Katherine—coming back to it all—
  it seemed hideous—unbearable—a night-
  mare place. She shrank against Garry,

     2	A

wondering if it had always been like this—
if she was seeing it as it really was for the
first time. She shuddered and felt ill. In
rooms like these she had spent her nights
for a year or more—ever since she had
finished school.

  “ Courage!” whispered Garry Carpenter.

  She looked up at him, and a sudden
warmth of gratitude to him surged into her
heart until it ached. She smiled—and they
forced their way in among the dancers—
fought for place. His arms about her,
holding her so close, filled her with a sense
of well-being—of comfort. Only he was
real. These people—the noise—the music
—the dead man upstairs with the knife in
his throat — she had imagined them, she
must have. Such things could not be—ex-
cept in some awful dream. And yet she
recognized faces grinning at her—and she
smiled back. And there was always that
icy chill deep down within her somewhere
•—that nameless fear.

  Of Guy da Costa—the man Guy da Cos-
ta—she thought no more at all. It was as
if he had never lived—as if his path had
never crossed hers. His appeal for her
seemed to have died with him. It had end-
ed as she had looked down with incredu-
lous, horrified eyes to see him lying dead
upon the floor. Without thinking it out
or reasoning about it, she felt that his pass-
ing had left no sense of loss—only a horrid
memory of a man with a knife in his throat
—his eyes wide open and glassy—his
mouth open, too, with a ghastly look.

  The music stopped. They started back
to their table, and she put all thought of
Da Costa and his tragedy out of her mind
—smiled gayly as she tried to catch the
jest that Garry was telling her.

  The others received them back with much
noise and loud questioning and various
guesses concerning their absence; but they
refused to answer; and Katherine, obeying
orders, laughingly described the vamping
of Garry by a brazen little flapper in pink.
This turned the attention on him, as he
had meant it to, and gave Katherine time
to regain her poise. She sank into a seat
between old Mr. Coleman, who was grow-
ing sleepy, and young Stanton Wilcox, who
was quite drunk. Her knees were trem-
658

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

bling, but nobody noticed. And like Bart-
lett, who sat across the room, waiting be-
hind his screen of palms, she too drank
champagne.

  Five minutes later, when the band be-
gan again, Garry went off, declaring that he
was going to find that girl in pink—and
Katherine was left behind. Young Wilcox

asked her to dance—and she rose at once,
gayly, to all intents and purposes the same
old Katherine. Women are really wonder-
ful! But inside — somewhere — she felt
very, very changed—older, graver, grown
up into a woman, at last. And she knew
that she would never be the old Katherine
again.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.

X3	U	U

HAVE A HEART

     I THOUGHT I’d be a soldier
        And kill a flock of Huns,

And see a foreign country,

   And shoot all kinds of guns.

      So I gave up a dandy job
         And rushed down to enlist,

      And said “ I want to go to France;

On this I shall insist.”

       I got a little training,

Policed around the tents,

      And helped haul out the garbage,

      Thus collecting a few scents.

I had my turn at peeling spuds,

   Cut bread and dished up chow,

And often dodged inspection,

I cannot tell you how.

      I went down to the warehouse
      And wrestled tons of freight,

      And countless endless G. M. cots,

And things in box or crate.

      The C. O. found that I could add
      And write on a machine,

      So he put me in the office,

And said to use my bean.

The war got hot and heavy,

      And troops went out to fight..

      I worked like thunder all day long,

      And cussed my luck at night.

At last I wrote a letter home,

       “ I can’t a soldier be,

Take down the little sendee flag;

      I’m in the Q. M. C.”

      But now the war is over,

      I wish there was a chance
      That every dumed fool wouldn’t ask:

      “ Oh, did ycu get to France?”

J. Vernon Fox.
By RAYMOND S. SPEARS

Author of " Waltzing Coyotes,” etc.

A NOVELETTE—COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE

CHAPTER I.

  TOSKIN BUYS A PBETTV SHANTY BOAT.

A PALE blue shanty boat eddied down
Muskrat Bend and drifted against
» the mud bar just below Mendova.
There it was held by the bottom for a day
before any one noticed it. Then the Sneak,
a semicruiser belonging to the city police
department swung down into the eddy, and
Tappan. at the wheel, noticed that the
shanty boat was neither moored to stakes
nor anchored offshore.

  When he entered the boat, as he did after
hailing it, and not receiving an answer, he
found lying on the bunk a dead man. The
body was stark and cold, for murder bad
been done. Some one had shot the vic-
tim while he was sound asleep, apparently,
through a wnndow opposite the bunk.

  Tappan knew the Mississippi as well as
any one. He not only had the river police
experience, but he had been third mate on
a river steamer for years, and previous to
that, he had been a rafter and towboat
hand, and as a boy and young man he had
lived on shanty boats with his father, an
old river storeboater and fur buyer. He
knew the river signs with any of them.

  With his whistle, Tappan summoned Po-
liceman Daker, who patrolled Front Street,
from the near side of which Mendova Wharf
was paved down to the current, and part of
the paving was covered by the advancing
mud bar of the point above town. Daker
came running across the baked mud, and
with Tappan, made as close an examination
of the shanty boat premises as possible, in
order to leam what they could about the
circumstances and also to ascertain the iden-
660

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

tity of the victim. Evidently everything
had been taken which would help serve this
purpose, indicating a robbery motive.

   There was nothing in the boat to disclose
 any secrets. There was no scrap of news-
 paper, not a bit of pencil writing on walls or
 in notebook, no photographs of girls or men.
 But a banjo standing in a corner was in-
 teresting. It was a small instrument, yet
 beautiful in make and tone, as Tappan
 found when he picked a bar of “ Trip Me
 Down the River,” finding the strings almost
 in perfect tune.

  Tappan examined the fingers of the
corpse, but there was no least mark on the
tips to show that the victim was the banjo
player. This fact led Tappan to scrutinize
the instrument much more closely—but no
name was written on the head, nor scratched
on the rim or neck.

   The victim of the murder was five feet,
eight inches tall, with dark, wavy hair, dark
complexion, dark brown eyes, of slender
build and with no mark of real labor in his
appearance. His clothes were all good, his
coat and waistcoat hanging on a hook over
the bunk, his trousers lying on a chair, neat-
ly folded to preserve the creases, and a shirt
that must have cost at least twelve dollars
was lying over the back of the chair.

   In the waistcoat pocket was a thin, ex-
pensive watch; in the trouser pocket was
some small change; two or three manicure
tools were in a case, and the whole boat
was permeated with a rather strong per-
fume, like musk in its weight, but floral
rather than animal in its composition. Tap-
pan sniffed this perfume over and over
again, and added it to his memories.

   The dead truck was sent for, and the
body removed to the morgue. The evening
Bat tie-Ax voiced the general impression that
this was one of the unsolvable mysteries
that are the peculiar type of the Mississippi
from Cairo to the Passes—a river mystery
which the Father of Waters would avenge
in its own way.

   Tappan, being a mere policeman, resigned
 the case to the city detective force, and
 finger-print experts photographed the stove
 lid handle, the pearl pocket knife blade, and
 a dozen other features that might show
 something on comparison with the collec-

 tion of finger prints in the Bertillon Labora-
 tory. But these revealed only prints of the
 victim’s own fingers and thumbs.

   There was in the kitchen, or galley, of
 the little boat plenty of material for the
 microscopic and photomicrography amuse-
 ment and practice of the various department
 experts. It was noticeable that the man had
 black tea, as well as a fifty-five cent grade
 of coffee; he was stocked up with supplies
 for a long trip down the river, including a
 sack of flour in a moisture-proof tin can,
 good quality bacon and ham, a jar of sugar,
 jug of sorghum, and various things to eat.
 The detectives told what a lot of things
 they deduced from the various edibles and
 the appearance of the boat. Tappan was
 not quoted at all.

  But Tappan knew a good many things
 which his up-the-bank detective associates
 had overlooked. The hickory nuts in the
 bow hold were from the Columbus hicko-
 ries; the boat was a beautifully built craft,
 with planed stringers, tongue-and-groove
 planking, roofing with matched board lining,
 and five by five inch timber for oar pins
 and mooring heads. The long sweeps for
 rowing the boat were beautifully balanced,
 and the hull, which was twenty-four feet
 long and seven feet wide, rowed like a skiff.

   The shanty boat was such a one as an
 old shanty boater would be apt to build.
 It had been carefully constructed, and there
 was not a drop of water in the hull, and
 the cabin was almost perfectly dust-tight—
 it could lie down the lee of a mile-long sand
 bar and the wind of a norther would hardly
 blow puffs of dirt through any crack or
 seam.

   For several days the detectives worked up
 and down the water front and had Tappan
 take them up the river for miles, trying to
 find some one who had seen the boat, but
 the shanty boaters, fishermen, drifters and
 others up the bends and along the banks all
 denied any knowledge whatever of the boat.
 Two or three hundred people went to the
 morgue and viewed the victim, but not one
 betrayed any personal interest in the matter.

   The autopsy revealed what post mortem
 operations usually do reveal in such affairs:
 the bullet had taken a certain course
 through sundry and divers wonderfully
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

661

named parts, organs and cavities, and had
lodged under the skin in the back, showing,
as the coroner said, that the murderer had
evidently stood over his victim and fired
straight down into the sleeping man, but be-
cause the coroner and doctors said this,
Tappan began to wonder if it were true.

  The pale blue shanty boat was towed
by the Sneak up into Fox River, and moored
in the Wild Goose Nest, so called. This
was a bend of Fox River, opposite Runway
Street, where some willows and brush grew
along the bank. Here many shanty boaters
of a particular type landed in and pulled
out from time to time. Few places were of
more evil repute from the Missouri River
forks to the Gulf of Mexico than the Wild
Goose Nest. Above Ferry Street landing,
however, was the Duck’s Nest, where per-
fectly reputable shanty boaters and sport-
ing river trippers landed in.

  The police department, having learned all
there was to be found out about the shanty
boat, which was absolutely nothing, and
having photographed, measured and scru-
tinized it, turned the craft over to the cus-
todian of city property, and about the time
the body was turned over to the medical
students the boat was offered for sale, since
it was a nuisance to take care of it and an
expense to have it watched. The ferryman,
Jim Purple, consented to be the boat’s
guardian, provided he didn’t have to touch
it, or go aboard it.

  For nearly a month the Battle-Ax carried
an advertisement that read:

HOUSE BOAT FOR SALE!

     An elegant, well-built cabin boat is offered
   for sale Jo whom it may concern, for a very
   reasonable price; boat may be inspected at
   Goose Nest Bend in Fox River on application
   to Ferryman Purple. Custodian City Property.

  No price was fixed, for it was felt that
any price would be acceptable, though in
ordinary circumstances the craft would have
been worth five hundred to five hundred and
fifty dollars, considering the outfit, supplies
and all. But there wTas no bidder till after
the story of the murder mystery had ceased
to appear in even the Police Hints, where
four lines was the maximum length.

  Tappan continued to listen on the shanty

boats for some stray river rumor that might
help him. He would go to the boats of new-
comers, and with the casual, uninquiring
river manner, discourse on the stage of the
water and the luck of the hunters—all the
other things that are unleading questions for
any one to speak about, and because he was
a river man himself Tappan had many
friends among the river people, and the
pirates, river rats, and even some kinds of
fugitives knew that he demanded only strict
observance of Mendova’s ordinances along
the river front, but no one added anything
to the things which he already knew about
the dead man.

  Then he had an interesting fact to report
to the custodian of city property. Hap-
pening to be on Fox River at the ferry one
day he found a young man standing on
Purple’s float, looking up and down with
wide-eyed interest. Tappan landed against
the float, quite as though that had been
his intention, and seeing his uniform, the
young man walked up to him eagerly, ask-
ing:

  “ Isn’t the life in these house boats won-
derful?”

  “ Yes, sir,” Tappan replied, gravely and
with sincerity. “ There’s nothing more won-
derful down thisaway than shanty boating.”
“ That’s just what I thought! My name
is Toskin—Jerald Toskin. I am from New
York, but this winter I said to myself that
I would not endure the cold. My art course
is ended, and I am coming down the Mis-
sissippi. I—ah—do you happen to know
whether it is possible to purchase a house
boat down here?”

  “ Why, yes—sometimes!” Tappan nod-
ded, and his eyes turned down the bank of
the Fox to where he saw the pale blue
boat. “ There’s one for sale now. It’s a
nice tight boat, not too large, but just right
for comfort.”

  “ That blue boat is for sale?” Toskin
cried eagerly. “ Really? Why, it’s a per-
fect beauty! Did you ever see anything so
appropriate for such a river bank as that
house boat?”

  “ It kind of fits into the sceneries, for a
fact,” Tappan said.

  “ Who’d sell it?”

  “ Why—er—it’s city property; it be-
662

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

longed to a man who—well, he’s through
with it, and the city custodian has it in
charge now.”

  “ Where’ll I find the city custodian?”

  “ I’m his representative, in a way; this
is my beat—Jr'ox River, and the Mendova
water front; that's the police launch.”

  “ Well, I want that boat. How much is
it?”

  “ It didn't cost less than five hundred and
fifty dollars to build and outfit it; it’s for
sale for seventy-five dollars cash.”

  “ I'll take it! I'll pay you now?”

  “ Yes, sir—I’ll give you a receipt, too,”
Tappan answered.

  Toskin drew a billfold and handed Tap-
pan a fifty, a twenty, and a five dollar bill.
Tappan wrote out a receipt, and then took
the young man and his suit case down to
the boat. Tappan unlocked the door and
they entered. The cabin, despite all that
had been on board and the investigations,
still was permeated with the perfume.

  “Why, that’s blended attars!” Toskin
sniffed. “ Isn’t it lovely! Did it—was it
a woman's?”

  “ Not as anybody knows of.” Tappan
shook his head. “ Just some shanty boater
who dropped in, and—and got his.’’

  “ It’s just what I’ve been dreaming
about!” Toskin cried. “I’m delighted!
You see. Mr. Tappan, I've just finished an
art course in New York. For years and
years I’ve longed for the day when I should
be able to float with the current down the
Mississippi River. There are possibilities
down here for an artist—there’s an atmos-
phere. a spirit, which if I could only catch
and fix it—um-m! I’ve been, mosdy, an
illustrator. I earned considerable in the ad-
vertising fields. Now—a dream I've had is
come true!”

  “ Yes, sir, I expect.” Tappan nodded.
“ It’s a nice boat! ”

  “ I have some things at the Union Sta-
tion, and I’ll have them brought down
here—”

  “ I’ll get them for you,” Tappan said, “ if
they're checked—”

  “ That'd be very kind! Here they are—
sir!”

  Tappan left the man on the shanty boat
and went to the landing, where he tele-

phoned to the L’nion Station, giving the
numbers of the checks, and within twenty
minutes an express truck arrived with three
trunks. Tappan was unusually generous in
the matter; the fact was, he didn’t want
Toskin hiring a darky express drayman to
bring trunks to that shanty boat, around
which there had already grown up a tradi-
tion.

  Putting the trunks onto the Sneak, he
dropped down to the boat and handed them
onto the stem deck. Toskin dragged them
through the galley into the main cabin
easily, despite their weight. He was a slen-
der, graceful young man, with a pallid coun-
tenance, nervous energy and gray-green eyes
of large and emerald luster. Tappan ob-
served the strong reaction of the trunks to
the energetic grip—here was a healthy
youth, as well as a temperamental one.

  Tappan showed the boat's fine points
with river pride. There was as well found
a galley-kitchen-pantry as ever floated old
Mississip’, he explained, and he showed the
oil stove, the stores of supplies, the table-
ware and the built-in sleeping car berth, or
bunk. From this had been removed all the
bedding, but otherwise. Tappan said, it was
the finest kind of an outfit.

  “ Probably they took the bedding for
something or other,” Tappan remarked, and
Toskin said it didn't matter, for he very
much preferred to supply his own bedding.
He went with Tappan uptown, bought a
mattress, sheets, blankets, and everything he
needed, including fresh food supplies.

  Within three hours of his arrival at
Fern,- Street, Jerald Toskin was housed and
equipped, and so great was his joy that he
cast off the lines and floated slowly down
Fox River toward the Mississippi, with the
Sneak a litUe way behind, and Tappan
scowling and making covert gestures toward
the shanty boaters of both the Duck's Nest
and Wild Goose Nest localities, who had
come forth to see Policeman Tappan's sale
of that murder boat to the softpaw who had
three tmnks with him!

  And they saw the litUe craft emerge from
the bayou river into the broad Mississippi,
turn half around in the swirl and then edge
out into the main current where Tappan
held back, leaving the stranger to row with
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

663

his sweeps down into the long, lonely bends
of the Delta land.

  “ Ho, law! I wouldn’t be in that theh
softpaw’s shoes, not fo’ seven millvun dol-
lars!” Jim Purple voiced the river senti-
ment, tentatively, when Tappan returned up
Fox to hear what people would say.

  “ He'll get to know old Mississip’—that’s
what he wants!” Tappan grinned.

CHAPTER II.

   JUST NATURALLY SENTIMENTAL.

“ r I’1 HE river spirits are talking to-night,”

. Denton Rillard remarked to the
young lady on the stem of the
sacred concert boat Whispering Shoals. “ I
wish I could understand what they are
saying! ”

    You—you mean that?” she exclaimed
with an odd little break in her voice, and
he felt her shiver through the telegraphy of
her hand on his elbow.

  “ Why not?” he answered lightly. “ You
—a river girl—don’t you believe in such
things?”

  “ I was just wondering about you-all,”
she evaded. “ I’ve been—I’ve been looking
out there myself! ”

  No two people ever see all the same things
tripping down the Mississippi, it is said.
Yet there is no doubt that it frequently hap-
pens there are many witnesses to a strange
phenomenon. These two, Rillard—a sports-
man out of the Ohio—and Dona Voane, a
river girl, were on a quite common footing—
for he had said, at least indicated, the com-
ing to his ears of the low, undulating whis-
perings where keenest of ears must have felt
only silence if they were without reverence,
or at least belief.

  It was black night, but the darkness was
shaded; the river itself was shimmering
dusky gray while the trees on the banks
were blacker, and the sky was faintly pale.
A sound suddenly rained upon them from
the sky. It was a flock of wild geese mi-
grating southward, and their a-lonk'tng, their
trembling, tinkling-bell voices, fell to the
Bottoms in a shower that passed by in a
minute or two. Probably a score of birds
were in the invisible flock—great, beautiful

creatures, lettering the heights, perhaps
above the clouds and riding the skies to the
light of the stars.

  From within the huge craft there sounded
human music that seemed far away, and the
deck beneath the feet of the two began to
throb and spring to the dancing in the great
cabin. A whiff of pungent wood smoke
caught their nostrils as a current of air came
swirling over the roof and around them.
The long, heavy stem line which led out
to the bank, against which the bow of the
hull pressed, strained as a water wave
heaved through the dead eddy and raised
them.

  “ You’re cold?” he asked quickly. “ Per-
mit me—”

  “ Not cold! Not cold!” she whispered.
“ Listen!”

  A splash miles away, where some bank
was lumping off before the wear of the cur-
rent, a little suckling gurgling, as jets of
river current disputed the way, a faint whin-
nying. as muskrats discoursed down the
bank—a number of diverse and readily rec-
ognized noises broke the silence that brood-
ed; but she shivered, and he shivered, to the
urge of another whole series of voices that
were not, perhaps, of the vibrant air.

  They drew nearer together, perhaps quite
unconsciously; his right arm slipped around
her waist under the wrap that was over her
shoulders. She did not resist him, when he
discovered what he had done, and dared
reach -with his other arm to draw her to him.
No whispering river voices disturbed them
in that sudden, unexpected moment. She
gave him such a kiss as a river girl knows
how to give, possibly no better or more to
it than other kisses, but the environment
was a bit thrilling, a bit overcoming—

  Then, as things happen on the Mississippi
in the particular eddies of the river people,
a door in the cabin was thrown wide open,
and one of those lamps with concave mirror
reflectors threw a great rectangle of light
right out to where the two were standing.
They stood revealed like a love scene, and
instantly a man charged along the bright
flare, cursing hoarsely.

  “ Mad Tom—my God!” the giri choked.

  No frail man, this one, who had listened
with her in the cool of the night while they
664

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

sat out a set or two of the dances on the
boat! With one hand Rillard gently set the
girl to one side into the darkness of the
door’s shadow, and stepping back one stride,
he caught the slender Mad Tom in his
stride, and with a tremendous heave lifted
him up and headlong over the stern bumper
out over the water.

   There, for an instant, Mad Tom sprawled
 in mid-air, like a speared bullfrog, and then,
 still froglike, he straightened out to his full
 length, with his hands arrowed above his
 head, curved, and dived beautifully, as any
 river rat would instinctively do, with hardly
 a splash—a veritable otter plunge into the
 eddy.

   Except for the girl’s low, terrorized gasp,
 not a word or sound had been raised. When,
 a minute later, some one working in the
 galley came into the corridor store room
 and found the door wide open, she closed it
 and left the two again on the stern deck.
 The girl, in the meanwhile, had dragged
 Rillard into the shadow, and was whisper-
 ing in his ears:

  “ It’s Mad Tom! Oh—he’ll kill you
now! He’s bad—that man!”

   “ WTon’t he drown?” Rillard asked, won-
 deringly and with dread.

  “ Drown! Drown, that scoundrel! He
swam the Mississippi a hundred times!
He’ll swim a hundred yards underwater.
You can’t drown him. Oh, you can’t kill
him! ”

   She broke into a panic of soundless sob-
 bings and shudderings. Rillard, who had
 come down the Mississippi for no such ad-
 venture as this, took her in his arms and
 sought to comfort her.

  “Don’t stay, go away—go home!” she
gasped. “ When he comes you’ll not know
it—and the first you’ll know, you’ll be
daid—daid!”

   “ But what ails him?” he asked, still
stupidly undivining.

  “It’s me!” she said fiercely. “He’s
hounded me dowil the Missouri from the
Yellowstone—and I hate him! Oh, I de-
spise him—and I’m afraid—afraid!”

   “ Well, I’m not,” Rillard said quietly.

 “ We’ll go in and dance, won’t we?”

  “ Half his pirate crew are on board.
They’d murder you—shoot you down like a

 dog, if they knew. They’d be’n out here,
 hunting you, if they’d known! He’ll be
 ashore — he’ll whistle them out, and
 they’ll—”

   “ No, he won’t!” Rillard interrupted her.
 “ When I lifted him I thumbed his neck.
 Did you see him throw his head back?
 That’s when he felt it, after he’d straight-
 ened for his dive. He may never come up—
 or he may float an hour! ”

  “ You—you—”

   “ Ju-jued ’im!” Rillard chuckled shortly.
 “ Suppose—if he doesn’t come back?”

   “ Oh, I’ll be glad—I’ll be glad! He told
 me, now that we’re down on the lower
 river, he’d have me!”

   “ The lower river?”

   “ It’s below the jumping-off place—
 that’s why—that’s why I came out here—•
 oh, I wanted—I had to have some one to
 help me! The mission boat’s down below—
 he’d sworn to take me there to marry me!
 But—but you—you—”

   “ I fixed him?”

    “ I hope he’s daid! ”

   “I don’t!” he gasped. “I never killed
 a man—”

   “ Mad Tom’s killed a sight of men! I
 feared ’im! I feared ’im!”

   “ Well, let’s go dance, then—”

   “ You’ve a gun?”

   “ Oh, yes—a twelve gauge—”

   “ You’ve no—no pocket gun?”

  “No!”

   “ Wait! ” she whispered, and left him. In
 two minutes she returned, to reach a belt
 around his waist, and buckle it on. It was
 quite three inches wide, folded over and
 sewed leather, and on his right side, where
 it fitted like bark on a tree, was a flat, open-
 top holster of the quick-draw man. In the
 holster was a heavy revolver.

   “ Why—what—” he said.

   “ Daddy’s! ” she replied. “ Before some-
 body killed him! We’re trippin’ down alone,
 mamma an’ I! Wear hit, strangeh! If he's
 daid, that Mad Tom, yo’ll likely not be
 mistrusted. But if he ain’t—an’ there’s no
 real killin’ that kind, not by drownin’, there
 ain’t!”

 “ My dear, I—you see, I’m—”

 “A softpaw. Suttinly!” She under-
 stood. “ Yo’ don’t know. But, strangeh,
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

665

when you come a-mixin’ up into these yeah
riveh things—Lawse, Lawse! I knowed
those riveh spirits was a-talkm somethin’
big! Hit’s jes’ begun, I know hit is. An’
those wild geese coming down the sky wind,
talkin’ while' they come! Hit all means
somethin’—yes, indeed! Betteh get up the
bank, suh; you’ve had fair warnin’ an’
now’s yo’ chance!”

  “ Things don’t happen that way,” he ex-
claimed in amazed disbelief. “ It’s nothing
but a little scrap!”

  “ A little scrap down thisaway—shot
Lots die in them, softpaw! How come hit
you drapped into this eddy to-night? How
come hit you came down the bar, and saw
me? How come hit you laughed a-dancing?
They all saw you, strangeh, standing tall an’
handsome—proud and high-spirited. Yes,
indeed. There’s a many prettier than I be,
but—but hyar we be an’ old Mississip’s
done been talking to us! The spirits are
laughing—times are picking up down the
reaches and bends.”

  Her voice was low, sweet, gentle and full
of the same kind of music he recognized in
the song of the wild geese—he wondered
what unpoetic scoundrel first called their
voice “ honking ”? She was jeering him,
while she told him the things that made
him wonder at himself. His own conscience,
too, was taunting him. There appeared
before his vision a young woman’s face,
her eyes flaming, her cheeks white with an-
ger, her lips excoriating him for his faith-
lessness to her. But here he was, as this
river girl was reminding him, all tangled up
in the meshes of a river scandal.

  “ I—I didn’t mean anything,” he gasped
witn sudden realization. “ I—I—”

  “Shucks!” she exclaimed. “Come a
night like this, and old Mississip’s ha’nts
a-talking—why, any one is plumb sure to
be sentimental. I’d forget and you’d for-
get—yes, indeedy. I wouldn’t think any-
thing. But not Mad Tom! Ho, law—
he’s bad, that man! Murder was in his
heart, because I was here with you, and
not with him. I’m just warning you—”

  “ And—and I haven’t hurt your feel-
ings?” he asked.

   “ Not at all! ” she answered, dryly. “ It’s
just the way of old Mississippi—that’s all!”

  “ It’s enough.”

  “ Yes, indeedy—you’ll think so if Mad
Tom ain’t daid!”

“ And you’re—you’re just a river girl?”
“ That’s a heap to be, strangeh—a riveh
girl! I’ve been up the bank—I spent five
years in particular Hades, being educated.

I	know my books, if that’s what you mean.
But it seems like—seems as though I hadn’t
stepped on our shanty boat deck when
things began to happen. Hit’s ol’ Missis-
sip’! ”

  “ Why don’t you leave it?”

  “ As to that, I love it! It’s bom in me,
bred in me—I left it with my feet a-drag-
ging, and I stepped light—yes, indeed, com-
ing back! But you—Mad Tom ’11 hound
you down if he’s daid, and he’ll hound you
down if he’s alive!”

  “ I think I’ll go down to New Orleans,”
he said decisively.

  “ Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” She
shrugged her shoulders. “ When you go
through that door, step quick! Mad Tom
may be there on the bank, waiting to get
a shot at you—and remember, suh, you’ve
a gun of your own now! ”

  “ And for that I’m a thousand times
obliged to you. I’m sorry if—”

  “ That’s all right—if you hadn’t done
what you did, I just ’lowed I’d have to do
hit myse’f. No man takes me to the mis-
sion boat to be married till I’m ready. No,
indeedy! Lawse, I was just mad myself,
wishing he’d know—know—strangeh! I’d
kiss you again if—if—”

  “ I wish I could tell you what it meant
to me—”

  “ I ’low I understand; you’ve a girl back
home, I bet, and—”

  “ How’d you know?”

  “Sho!” She laughed lightly. “You
called me Corilla—and my name is Dona
Voane. Now, let’s go in and dance again—
and listen for a whistle up the bank.”

  It was supper time, and as they entered,
the music ceased while the couples sorted
themselves out for the sating. Planks laid
along carpenters’ horsas served for tables,
and every one sal cn ocxes, or chairs, or
folding stools, while steaming coffee was
poured into a great variety of cups, from
plain tin to nickecj Chinese and Japanese
666

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

ware. Roast coon, roast duck, roast pork,
and a dozen kinds of hot bread, sweet and
spud potatoes—there was plenty to eat,
and great appetites waited to enjoy what
was had.

  There was a hush, however, when Rillard
sat down with Dona Voane, and with cour-
tesy, brought to her plate the things she de-
sired to eat. Some of the men grinned,
but some glared about with sudden quick-
ness of observation. It was sensational, this
moment.

  “ Say, Pete, where’s Tom—Tom Mai-
ton?” a shrill, feminine voice startled the
sudden quiet.

  “ Jes’ what I was wondering,” Pete Davlo
replied with a grin.

  All the spectators turned to gaze at Ril-
lard, the sport, and Dona, who were ap-
parently quite oblivious to the interest taken
in them. Their indifference was just a little
too obvious.

  “ Where’s Mad Tom?” a whisper rippled
around the big kitchen-dining room.
“ Who’s seen Mad Tom—Tom Maiton?”
Two men scrambled up, and with covert
glances at Rillard went around the table
ends, through the concert-dance hall, and
in the quiet their quick footsteps sounded
loudly as they drummed up the landing
stage to go along the bank to their boat.
They were pals of Mad Tom.

  They returned a few minutes later, hav-
ing been heard whistling and calling around.
Their faces were dark with anger and sus-
picion. t)ne of them stopped, and looking
steadily at Dona, demanded:

  “ Say, Dona, did you-all see him?”

  “ Who?” She looked up quickly.
“ Who’d I see?”

  “ Tom—Tom Maiton?”

  “ Why, yes; he was here. I saw him
prancin’ around, same’s always. Stepping
light and throwing himself, just like he
thought he was somebody.”

  “ ’Course—’course!” the man exclaimed,
startled by the tone. “ We all saw him, but
where’d he go?”

  “ I don’t know, Jim Taken, unless he was
scairt out!”

  " Wha—wkatJ Mad Tom scairt of any-
body! Why, that man—”

  “ I beg your pardon,” Rillard interrupted,

rising to his feet, “ there’s your chair over
there, and yours, Mr. Man, is right yonderl
The ladies are sure missing your company!”
The two river men, standing together,
opened their mouths and their #yes. Then,
with sudden clicking of teeth and squinting
of eyes, they dropped their hands, but Ril-
lard was before them. He drew the big-
mouthed revolver which Dona had handed
him, and with a careless flourish beckoned
the two once more to the seats where they
belonged.

  “ Go talk to your own friends, you men,”
Rillard suggested softly. “ Mad Tom has
gone swimming, and if he comes back, you
tell him for me that after this he’d better
mind his own business, and all his pack of
river rats. Is that perfectly plain?”

  “Gone swimmin" — gone a-swimmin’!
Mad Tom’s daid?” Jim gasped. “ Lawse,
strangeh! I—w-e meant no ’fense, suh!”

   “ That’s all right, boys; wre’re all friends;
there’s no need of being mean or having
trouble. I’m a softpaw. I believe you call
it, but where I came from no man ever talks
to a lady, or looks at a lady, the way you
looked at Miss Voane. Just tell her you're
sorry, and it ’11 be all right.”

  “No ’fense, Mi—Miss Dona!” Jim
blinked, wetting his lips. “ I shore didn’t
’low to—to make vo' mad, no, indeedy! ”
“All right, Jim: Mr. Rillard’s a good
friend of mine, and we’re both of us plumb
peaceable, and so don’t try no tricks, for
you know, I’m no softpaw; an’, Jim, jes’
about gettin’ started bad an’ mean myse’f.”
“ Yes’m.” He blinked, and the two went
to their seats.

   Instantly every one began to eat, rattling
dishes and talking in short, shrill gasps.
The amazing things they had seen and heard
made them talk of everything else but the
clash between the softpaw and Mad Tom's
two mates, Jim Taken and Date Imsal.
With smiling eyes Rillard had bluffed them,
called them, and ordered them around as he
might have sent a pair of dogs to lie down.

  No one really believed he could get away
with any such talk as that, but he had done
it, and the two pirates were gulping down
their unchewed food, handing it in with
both knife and fork, while the women by
their side nibbled and flushed with embar-
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

667

rassment that their companions should find
themselves in such a predicament of help-
lessness.

   Rillard was fairly unconscious of his posi-
tion in the river society. He was less per-
turbed by the enmity of the pirate shanty
boaters, whose undersized physiques and
cringing bearing under his own stem frown
and daring mislead him somewhat as to their
desperation, than he was by another phase
of his conduct which, the more he thought
about it, the less he admired himself—and
especially the worse off he became as a mat-
ter of conscience.

  The young woman, Dona Voane, sitting
beside him, had done herself less than her
deserts when she said there were many pret-
tier than she. She was of medium height;
wavy, light brown hair was massed upon
her head—-and it was a wonderfully well-
rounded head, her brow's being broad and
high, and her eyes full of lambent colors
that changed with her every mood; among
them all she was very dainty and tactful in
her table manners, and her voice, despite a
dialect that she often exaggerated in order
to overcome her distinct enunciation and
her clearness of tone—she was hiding all
the time the education and the training she
had had up the bank, somewhere.

  Rillard knew that she was what she
seemed, and that she was a great deal more
than what she tried to claim to be. Yet
none of these attributes explained his own
inexplicable behavior now that he was trip-
ping down old Mississip’, enjoying its splen-
dors, but becoming more and more entan-
gled in its surface affairs. He recalled his
remarks on the whispering river voices, and
the music of the passing flight of wild geese
still rang in his ears—but he was suffo-
cated nearly by the fact that he had taken
this young woman in his arms and kissed
her.

  “ And I’m respectable—I’m married—
good Lord!” he choked to himself, and, on
the other hand, he had not deceived Dona;
in fact, he had called her Corilla as of the
habit of his honorable intentions.

  It seemed to him as though the night were
full of chuckles, and the people were all
laughing at him—as indeed Dona was
laughing at him, as well as regarding him

with amused admiration. He knew she was
regarding him w-ith a gentle ridicule, for
her bearing was one of teasing. He could
hardly believe the things he knew were true,
but that weight of a beautiful, heavy revol-
ver on his hip was undeniable.

  He had plunged pell-mell into the feuds
and fancies of river living.

CHAPTER III.

AN ARTIST PRACTICES.

JERALD TOSKIN, having cut loose from
the bank of the Mississippi, floated
down the midstream, and breathed deep-
ly in the inspiration of his wonderful experi-
ence. At last, with ample funds for a year
or two of river studies, he was about to come
into his own field of endeavor.

  “ These magnificent distances—can I ever
show that monster flood?” he asked himself,
gazing in awe at the coiling and swirling
of the surface eddies, led in his glance to
the miles distance down the visible slope
of the sweeping current.

  He seized charcoal and tacked up a sheet
of drawing paper on his board, to try by
sketches to catch the spirit of the things
which presented themselves to his eyes. He
tried broad lines and fast strokes—and then
seized a sharp pencil tip and essayed the
effect with fine, hard lines on a smooth
calendered surface, which he soon covered
with India ink—and regarded the dozen
sketches he had made with equal disfavor,
since the reality was so much more wonder-
ful than the mere suggestion of lines and
shades and strokes.

  He forgot to eat his lunch, he was so
busy with his art; he studied the swirls of
the surface and watched the diminishing
spirals of the little sucks; he dropped on his
hands and knees, to look over side and
close at hand at the spreading of the boiling
glaze, when jets from the bottom poured
up and swept out upon the surface in great,
circling figures of many shapes, trying to
catch the lines of the crinkling edges and
the weaving masses of silt as they fell into
shapes of their own weave; he leaned
against the cabin of his boat and looked
at the low banks, with their shadows of
668

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 overhang and purple mass, with their tangles
 of tree roots, exposed by the washing away
 of the earth, dooming the forest in miles of
 caving bend; and on approaching an island
 he saw on the right hand a wide, vast lake
 in motion, and down the chute, on the other,
 a rippling little river sparkling in the sun-
 shine—and a thousand effects, a thousand
 spectacles, challenged his skill and doomed
 him to the eternal strife of doing with a few
 pigments and all the paints and brushes
 available, what the river was undertaking to
 show, using the floods of a thousand valleys,
 the light of the sun and the shadows of
 cyclone and hurricane clouds for its master
 effects.

   “ Oh, yes! ” Toskin blinked, when in the
 twilight following sunset he rowed into an
 island eddy and heaved an anchor over-
 board near the edge of the main current.
 “ There’s no doubt in my mind that there
 are pictures down here—for one to paint!
 My land—and I didn’t take a photograph!
 I’ve been fussing with sketching when I
 ought to have made photographs!”

   His heart sank within him as he wondered
 if he should ever again 3fce just precisely
 those same effects that had charmed and
 baffled him all the afternoon. He caught up
 the work that he had attempted, and by
 lamplight, without the spectacle of the real-
 ity to shame his work by the truth, he was
 startled to see, and especially to feel, in
 what he had done an undertone of spirit
 that just suggested itself to him—an atmos-
 phere of expression which lifted him to his
 tiptoes, for it might mean at last a rudi-
 ment of style and themes of his own.

   Those sketches, hasty, crude, and even to
 some extent snatches of the most common-
 place phenomena of the flood mass and far
 perspectives of the Mississippi did reveal
 to him the fact that all his dreaming, all his
 expenditure, all his efforts were worth while,
 and if he were to leave the river at this
 very moment he should not have come in
 vain. A few quick scratches, a sweep of
 charcoal, a twist of the hand—as long as
 he lived, that one bit, surrounded by a
 dozen other attempts, would inspire him
 with hope and confidence, for he had seen
 and recorded in it the effect of a dozen acres
 of the Mississippi surface, with its ripples

 and breaks and reflections of the wilderness
 along the banks.

   He went about cooking supper. It was
surprising, now that he thought of eating,
how rapidly his hunger increased, and he
broiled bis steak over the red-hot plate of
his oil stove, fried potatoes, percolated coffee
and made ample preparations to appease
his ravenous appetite. Having dined, he
leaned back in a luxurious arm chair that
was part of the boat’s outfit, and before he
knew it, he was asleep. Never in his life
had he had a more engrossing day, and
never had he been more tired.

   It was after midnight when he awakened.
 He looked around him, and was a minute
 or two resolving his dreams of exhibitions
 in art galleries that were miles long and
 down both banks of the Mississippi, into the
 fact of his being afloat in a shanty boat.
 He sat up and looked around himself with
 some satisfaction. On a shelf in one comer
 of the room were several newspapers, and
 he went to gather these up to read a little,
 not realizing how long he had been lying
 there.

   There were five or six of the papers, and
 they showed that they had been carried
 around in peoples’ pockets. He opened one
 of them, and there across the full breadth
 of the first page was the headline:

MYSTERIOUS RIVER MURDER!

Shanty Boater Victim of Shot Whik He
Sleep* on Bunk !

   It was an account hurriedly thrown to-
gether by an evening newspaper reporter
and gave the salient details of the discovery
and mystery of the river crime. Toskin
read the story with interest, though horrible
things had never attracted his fancy.

  The other newspapers contained other
accounts of the investigation into the cir-
cumstances of the homicide, and there in the
columns of the Trade-Caller was a picture
of the shanty boat, a photograph of the
victim, and more discussion of the Missis-
sippi River’s penchant for strange and inex-
plicable crimes—here was a man who had
been murdered while he slept! Shanty
boaters declared a river man would nave
felt the boat shake and been awakened by
any one coming aboard, no matter how
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

669

silently and carefully, since a touch will
make the floating craft vibrate noticeably.

  Toskin needed no back to his chair as he
read down this second day story. Over
and over again he looked at the picture,
and there crept into his thoughts the feel-
ing that he must have seen that boat some-
where, but not till he saw, in a still later
paper, a statement that the custodian of
public property would offer the mystery
murder boat for sale, did it really occur to
him that when he purchased this beautiful
house boat, all neatly painted, all wonder-
fully equipped, from the harbor policeman,
he had acquired the very craft of that news-
paper sensation.

  “ Gracious!” he exclaimed, looking
around him. “Murder—ugh!”

  Reading tragedy at midnight on the Mis-
sissippi, especially Mississippi River’s own
strange brands of horrible circumstances, is
not to be recommended save for those peo-
ple who are seeking sensations. Toskin,
whether he knew it or not, was undergoing
a bit of river lore.

  When he looked at the bunk, he could
see there the dim outlines of the very pic-
ture of the murder victim, so vivid was
his imagination. He felt himself shrinking
and the cold chills painting goose pimples
along his thighs and across the back of his
shoulders.

  His lips were dry, his throat dusty as
alkali, but when he started to walk out into
the dark and gloomy kitchen, where there
was a water pail, but no light, he stiffened
where he sat, unable to move. Fear gripped
him—terror that grew within till the very
beating of his heart was thunder in the
silence of the cabin in the river quiet.

  Jerald Toskin had trifled a little with
seances and mediumistic phenomena, and
sometimes he had seen a Ouiji board spell
out things which were startling and inex-
plicable. The flutter of a curtain, moved
by invisible powers, the lifting of a table
under the gentle urge of a circle of hands,
whose finger tips were on it, messages across
the border land of ultimate adventure were
all well enough with one’s own people
around, but here in this boat!

“Good land! Good land!” Toskin
breathed. “ That—that blamed old cop!

That blamed old cop! That’s why every-
body was rubbering—ah-ah!”

  He heard something; it sounded as
though his anchor rope was stretching when
a current in the eddy pulled the shanty
boat about; he felt a cold wave, and no
iceberg out of Greenland ever made a man
shudder more than Toskin. He turned
his head from side to side, and he reverted
to another look at the bunk on which, he
had read, murder had been done.

  “ It’s the boat—my boat! My Gawd!”
he thought, and the hollow groan of his
voice checked him where he sat. He trem-
bled, and as he trembled, he forced
himself to rise and walk steadily out
into the kitchen, and around the end
of the partition into the pale shadow
and drink till his thirst was assuaged with
the water. Then he returned to the chair
and resumed his seat. He picked up the
newspaper and read the several accounts of
the results of a ghastly tragedy.

  When out of his subconsciousness welled
up whole flood tides of fears and dreads,
he forced himself calmly to reason with
himself, and urge away the terror by bring-
ing in the reign of his judgment. But that
fight which he made with himself in those
long hours left its mark on his very soul.
He won out, but not by banishing the spec-
tres from him.

  Instead, he accepted their presence; he
told himself that far and wide across the
earth are the dismal places of violence and
cruelty and hate; down the Mississippi, es-
pecially, he was traversing the realms of ten
thousand steamboat, war time and individ-
ual tragedies; if he would do all these things
full justice, it would not be merely by pretty
drawing and coloring of charming, force-
ful current lines, the crumbling down of un-
dermined banks, the pitiful circumstance of
giant, beautiful trees ready to fall in their
prime into the eddies; more than these gen-
tle beauties, he must show the darkness of
the deeps and the protest of the losers.

  And when he had come to this resolution
he was astonished at the change he found
in his attitude. He leaned forward on his
fist, his elbow on his knee and gazed stead-
fastly at that bunk in the comer, against
the kitchen partition. He was not trying
670

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

to see anything; he was trying to under-
stand the situation; he knew, from the
paj^ers which reporters and detectives had
left on board, all that was known generally
about the matter; but the river knew the
answer—that great flood pouring by just
knew everything!

   He walked out on the stem deck, closed
the door behind him and looked as the glare
of the lamplight faded in his eyes out across
the waters. At first he could see nothing,
and then he saw more and more clearly an-
other most wonderful spectacle—the river
night: the waters glimmered, the far wilder-
ness seemed to be astir, the near ripple down
the chute was whispering like many voices,
scarcely audible; there was as perfect a river
individuality in the night gloom as by the
flare of day.

   The river, however, was not through with
Jerald Toskin—not by any possible means
was he a finished river man. He had fought
his superstition, he had overcome it, and he
stood just a little too calm, just a little too
proud of his heroic accomplishment. Old
Mississip’ saw him, sure enough.

  From somewhere right around him came
a cry, low and thrilling:

  “He’p! He’p!”

   Toskin nearly collapsed, as with bulging
eyes he leaned forward and gaped out over
the water.

   “ He’p! He’p! ” the voice repeated, high
and squeaky, like a bird’s. “ I cain’t git to
move. He’p! He’p!”

   The artist, all ready to begin his great
career, now that his studies were over,
leaned to see—and yet he was sure in his
very soul that if he saw anything it would
be with his mind’s eye, and that any reply
he might have to make to that cry must
be with the voice of his soul alone.

   “ It’s the murdered spirit! ” he thought to
himself. “ Good Lord—what can I do?
What ’11 I say to comfort ’im?”

   He projected his ideas into space, and
wished that he had paid more attention to
the telepathic questions of the day, and
wildly he groped about in his mind for the
proper forms of polite address at such a
moment.

   Then, over the side, he heard a splashing
in the water; he heard the spattering of

something afloat and uneasy; right by him
be heard a whispering wail:

  “He’p! He’p! I’m a-drownin’!”
Toskin leaned far over and looked, and
there right under him was a face, a mortally
white, peaked face, with eyes that fairly
glowed as they bulged.

  “ My Gawd! My Gawd!” Toskin gur-
gled. “ What next?”

   There it was, and as two hands were
lifted slowly, the face submerged, and in-
stantly there was a bubbling and gurgling.
One long, white, bony hand brushed
against the side of the boat, and the finger
tips worked around and along the planking
till they found the slight little crack, where
a splinter had broken out. There they
hooked in, and the face emerged above the
surface again.

   The other hand came squirming up out
of the water, rising higher and higher, and
as the face turned over, the back of a man’s
head showed. Sputtering, choking, gur-
gling, the figure reached up and a white
hand hooked over the top of the gunwale.

   Straining there, it was joined by the
other, and Toskin drew back with his own
two hands, with long, delicate fingers drawn
bone-rigid, rising before him in deep-
breathed mortal expectation.

   The river was pale, the banks of earth
were revealed beneath the now visible mas-
sive trunks of trees: a few yards distant,
stretching away upstream, was the gray dis-
tances of a sand bar, turning yellow and
bluish toward the low switch willows.

   If it had still remained dark, there is no
 telling what Jerald Toskin would have en-
 dured, or whether his excitement and ex-
 perience would have proved too much for
 him, but this was the short moment of a
 lower Mississippi dawn; daylight was com-
 ing on apace, and in a moment sunshine
 swept like a golden haze through the top
 twigs of the ’longshore forests.

  The livid, pale hands crawled and
reached, straining over the gunwale, and
alongside was the gasping and groaning of
something, perhaps a man, in the awful
struggle of a heart reluctant to die, but
weakened and growing breathless.

   Toskin slowly realized that this was day-
 time; he found it hard to overcome the
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

671

 tense belief that the thing was a river spirit;
 but when the truth dawned on him he
 sprang and seized the wrists of the figure,
 and with a strength he did not know he
 possessed, lifted the bedraggled figure over
 the side, and then stretched him out on the
 deck.

  It was, indeed, a man—a man pale and
shriveled by hours and hours of floating in
the water. The necessity of struggling end-
ed, the body fluttered a little, and the eyes
closed in unconsciousness.

CHAPTER IV.

  WHEN A MAN HAS DONE SOMETHING.

BY chance, merely, a number of shanty
boats had landed in the eddy where
merry-making had instantly sprung up,
the arrival of the Whispering Shoals, a
ninety-foot amusement craft, making the in-
clusion of dancing perfectly inevitable.
Painted along the proportionately low
cabin's side of the huge ark were the words:

SACRED CONCERT BOAT.

  A year or two previous to this day the
Whispering Shoals had come down the river
with a troupe of song birds on board, stop-
ping at landings and giving entertainments
that neither love nor money would supply
in any ordinary theater up the banks. Sev-
eral were actually members of church choirs,
and others were trained stage singers. It
was a great lark, this trip down the Missis-
sippi, and audiences at plantation landings
heard music they would remember many a
day.

  Now the boat belonged to the Frindals,
who threw the craft wide open to whatever
merriment was in the wind. Dick Frindal
looked on all the doings with half closed
blue eves, while his wife exchanged with him
looks of humor at some river antic or ex-
ploit on their hospitable floor. They had two
hired deck hands and a woman cook—wife
of one of the hands. Rumor said they were
just a couple of rich folks, seeing the river;
other whispers said that they were living
out, scouting down till some ill wind blew
over. At least, they were good sports and
no one would ever forget the winter the

Frindals tripped the Whispering Shoals out
of Evansville down to N’Orleans.

  With her bow to the bank, and bow and
stern lines run off to port and starboard,
steadying her, held off by a long, wheeled
and banistered gangplank, the concert boat
was the nucleus of a shanty boat town, or
Duck Nest. Other boats were moored along
the bank, up and down the eddy, and there
were two or three more boats against the
sand bar a hundred yards or so away, and
nearer the main river current.

  Having danced the dark into day again,
the river trippers emerged from the dance
hall and wTalked up onto the bank, there to
turn to their own craft. The spirit of mer-
riment had hardly flagged at all; the wo-
men were laughing and talking, the men
were still stepping to the tunes that ran in
their heads. When a great fox squirrel
suddenly scampered up a tall cottonwood in
alarm, seven or eight of the men snatched
out revolvers or automatics and began to
shoot a wild fusillade that chipped twigs,
gashed the bole bark and plugged into the
body wood. In chittering fear the squirrel
raced madly up and along a diminishing
branch, leaped a dozen feet out and down,
caught another branch, and having lost four
or five inches of its tail, which fluttered
down, it made its frightened way to safety,
while one of the shooters picked up the
fluffy trophy, plucked out the bone and
handed the plume to his companion.

  Denton Riiiard, strolling along with
Dona Voane, “ seeing her home,” after the
manner of the wTorld-wide privilege, found
her boat nearly half a mile downstream
at the very foot of the eddy, and where
occasional swirls of the main current swung
in far enough to press the hull more firmly
against the bank.

   It was a house boat, about thirty-six feet
long, ten wide, and the hull was at least
three feet above the water surface. On the
roof were elk horns and a wild mountain
sheep’s head. Under the cabin porch roof
hung some ears of corn braided in their
shocks. Along both sides of the boat were
two running boards, relic of old keel-boat
days, and along the cabin were hooks on
which rested pikes of lodge-pole pine, one
at least twenty feet in length.
672

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   A far traveler, this boat! It looked the
 journey it had made down the great length
 of the Missouri. That two women had
 floated it down most of the way was almost
 incredible, but such was the fact. The
 mother of Dona walked out on the bow
 deck as the two approached and fixed Ril-
 lard with the squinting stare of her sus-
 picious eyes—her visage was dark, aquiline
 and betrayed the faintest dash of Indian,
 and a great deal of Latin—probably French.

   “Mr. Rillard, mother!” Dona intro-
duced them. “ He’s the sport we heard
(about—coming down out of the Ohio.”

   “ Glad to met you, Mr. Rillard,” the
elder woman nodded, not ungraciously. “ I
expect you-all think shanty boating is right
amusing, don’t you?”

   “ It’s a liberal education, I should say,”
 he said, and at that the girl laughed lightly,
 saying:

“ Mad Tom Maiton’s pirates were mostly
there, and Mr. Rillard—sho, mother, he
was there first and it left me nothing to do! ”
“ You had it out?” Mrs. Voane inquired
quickly.

  “ Mad Tom was mean—and fell over-
board; Jim Taken and Date Imsal grew
impudent, but went and sat by their lady
friends when Mr. Rillard told them to.”

   The sharp suspicion in Mrs. Voane’s eyes
 relaxed, and her lips smiled sincerely,
 'rhere was relief in her expression, too, and
 Rillard, unable to conceal his wonderment,
 was invited on board their boat to breakfast,
 ostensibly, but in fact to hear the brief
 narrative of the mother.

   Over their buckwheat cakes and pork sage
 sausage Mrs. Voane said:

   “ It’s real friendly of you, taking up this
 matter for us; Mad Tom’s always been
 mean about Dona here; he lowed he’d sure
 get to marry her when she was only ten-
 twelve years old, and we were on Illinois
 River. Daddy sent her to school, thinking
 that scoundrel would sure forget, but he
 never did—and account of Dona growing
 prettier, nobody could rightly blame him.
 But Dona feared and despised him. Last
 night, knowing they’d be coming down—
 for they’ve trailed us a thousand miles—she
 went to the dance. I dassent to leave the
 boat alone, for they’d pirate it, just to worry

 us, and leave us begging for a night aboard
 some friend’s boat. Dona carried her dad-
 dy’s gun—I see you’re wearing it, Mr. Ril-
 lard. Is Mad Tom daid?”

  “ He went a-swimming,” Dona laughed.
“ Came charging like a buck deer, with his
head down— Lawse! Mr. Rillard stepped
to one side and hoisted him—up and
out—”

  “ He could swim like a fish! Like an
otter! ” Mrs. Voane exclaimed, disappointed.

   “ But before letting him go he twitched
 his neck,” Dona added.

   “ An’ he drowned!”

   “ If he came up, he didn’t come splash-
 ing.” Dona shook her head. “ It’d be like
 old Mississip’ to drown him—but he’s a fish
 in the water.”

   After breakfast Rillard went to his own
 craft, a pretty, cruising motor boat, model
 hull and driven by a screw propeller. It
 was swinging from the stem deck of Char-
 lie Books’s pink storeboat, because the draft
 was pretty deep for landing against the
 bank. As he approached the storeboat,
 Mrs. Mamie Books opened the door for
 him, and closed it behind him as she beck-
 oned him into the cabin behind the store,
 with its shelves and counter.

  “Mr. Man!” Charlie Books whispered.
“ You’ve sure done something. Don’t you
know that Jim Taken and Date Imsal will
kill you-all in cold blood? Why, they’re ”
—his voice lowered—“ they’re riveh pirates
of Mad Tom’s crew! Lawse—nobody
knows how many or who’s of them! If
Mad Tom ’d be’n theh you’d neveh left
that boat alive—”

   “ Well, Mad Tom wasn’t there,” Rillard
suggested.

  “ Sho—what! ”

  “ But he was!” Mrs. Mamie turned to
her husband, her eyes widening. “ ’Long
early, he was theh—I danced with him.”

   The two turned to look at Rillard. He
made no comment, and they dared ask no
questions; yet they were alert to the pos-
sibilities of the situation, to the subtle hint
in his one statement that Mad Tom was
gone when he defied the two river scoun-
drels.

  “ Have a cup of coffee?” Mrs. Mamie
suggested, and he assented, but explained

                         2	A
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

673

that he had just eaten breakfast on board
the Voane boat.

  “ You di-id?” Mamie cried, once more
surprised. “ Ho, law—man! You're flying
high, but coming down to light where Mad
Tom sure ’lowed is his own country! ”

   Then, rather than embarrass their visitor,
they told what a fine dance it had been, how
they enjoyed the music, and how’ the win-
ter down the river was going to be like old
times, as in the days when anybody could
kill all the wild fowl he wanted, and when
every brake and bayou was alive with fur
and game. Then Rillard went home to his
boat to rest.

  Late in the day, when he awakened, most
of the shanty boaters were up and busy;
blue smoke poured out of the stovepipes in
the roofs, and there was wood-chopping on
the bank; there was high-pitched, feminine
singing, a weird, low strain of a fiddle, sev-
eral whistlers vying with one another in
their warblings and thrills and piercing
shrills. The sky was a bit misty, and the
sun was shining with diffused whiteness
upon the tawny flood, the downstream reach
thickening till the faraway bend w'as but
a faint, hardly visible hue of pale blue.

  Mad Tom, Charlie Books said, had dis-
appeared. His gang were together on their
gasolines and shack boats against the sand
bar, talking among themselves. Their
surly aspect, and their low growling as they
looked out at the sport’s motor boat Jungle
left little to the imagination.

  “ They’re mean,” Books declared.

“ When you get down the river alone, look
out! Keep yo’ eyes open, Mr. Man!
They 'low you tricked them. But if Mad
Tom’s daid. they’ll scatter. An’ they’s
afeared of you—yes, indeedy! Five, ten
of them saw yo’ bluff down Jim Taken an’
Date Imsal. Ho, law! I wouldn’t o’missed
seein’ that, not fo’ a bale of beaver skim!
Lawse! They’ll neveh front yo’ to yo’ face
—no, indeedy! But bushwhackin’—shoot-
in’ from behind! Don’ yo’ turn yo’ back on
any man yo’ don’t know—an’ neveh follow
the same road twicet; neveh tell any man
where yo’U stop, where yo’ll go, or when
yoll come back; an’, come night, pull down
yo’ curtains, shut the do’r, an’ when yo’
step outside have no light behind yo’ I ”

  Rillard looked up and down the river; he
went out on the bank and talked the time of
day with his fellows; he strolled down the
bank with an assumption of ease that he
did not feel, and sitting on the bow deck
of the Voane boat, heard from Dona’s own
lips a repetition of the warning that Books
had given him. It thrilled his love of ven-
ture to hear her concern about his jeopardy;
as a boy he had dreamed of fronting des-
perate and treacherous enemies; now the
reality was all that his boyish imagination
had pictured to him. It was quite as in-
credible, but the reality was not to be ques-
tioned.

   He was a participant in a river feud.

  One other thing struck his fancy with
satisfaction: it was all a river affair. He
was more than a thousand miles from home.
He was with a kind of people of whose ex-
istence he had never read, though he had
heard occasional rumors that river shanty
boaters were a strange class; certainly, there
was hardly a chance of the rumor of any-
thing he did down there reaching his far-
away home town to alarm his friends and
delight his fewT and unimportant enemies.

  The feeling that he would never be found
out threw a glamor over his condition, and
added to the discomfiture of his conscience.
No harm could come of this affair. lie
would not be shot, or killed—he would at-
tend to that: courage and alertness would
be with him, and when, toward sunset, he
saw the dirty little shanty boat, the two
stern wheel scows and the old, weathered
gasoline launch of the pirate fleet pull out
into the eddy and turn across into the main
current he was completely satisfied.

  They had not remained there to have it
out with him; the eddy was not large
enough for them, the Voanes and himself.
The pirates had fled, and it was a real
psychological victory. When the pirates
were vanishing in the thickening down the
reach, the shanty boaters gathered in groups
and exclaimed among themselves. Dona
turned and laughed aloud as she looked with
roguish frankness into Rillard’s eyes.

  “ They’ve gone. Yo’ sure scairt ’em out,
Mr. Man! Mother an’ I sure must thank
you, suh! They ’lowed yo’ came down here
to ask how yo’ could help us—”
674

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ I was really wondering just that,” he
admitted.

   “ And they knew it. You’re being friend-
ly with us. If Mad Tom’s daid, it ’11 stop
any one from pesterin’ mother and I any
more. I wish I could do as much for you,
stranger.”

   The word stranger gave the wish just ex-
actly the right balance; the visitor returned,
with the coming of dusk, to his own boat
and pondered on the ways of the Mississippi
with all its people.

CHAPTER V.

A FAVOR TO A RIVER PIRATE.

JERALD TOSKIN lifted and carried the
inert body of the man out of the river
into his cabin, and there managed to
put him to bed. He found under his clothes
a money belt thick and wet with currency
that had long been saturated, and this
money he spread out over the oil stove in
the kitchen to dry it. There were two au-
tomatic pistols of small size, light in weight,
but of exceedingly efficient design, and these
Toskin took apart and cleaned.

   Tired out with his night’s vigil, exhausted
by his terror and struggle with his fears, he,
too, turned in to sleep, and slept for hours.
When night fell, and he awakened, the other
man was lying less like a dead man, and
breathing deeply, sleeping off the effects of
whatever his own weariness had been. He
slept all that night, while Toskin spent the
evening sitting back in the comer of the
cabin, his sketching easel before him, and
making notes of the exact scene in that
room.

   He knew, now, with an artist’s instinct
that he had been blessed with what no im-
agination could have raised up for portrayal
—or at least, only a genius could have
dreamed. He had seen the river spirits, he
had heard their voices, and he had, at the
same time, come into his own material for
the delineating of the Mississippi in its
phase of psychological mystery and its
fearfulness of actual living aspects. That
white hand coming up out of the dark
depths, and hooking over the gunwale,
would ever remain as one of his most pre-

cious notes for drawing into any picture of
terror or strain that he might desire to em-
bellish.

  Realism—he should now never lack for
the gaunt, livid truth of a man’s physical
exhaustion, and, he knew, if he ever drew
a picture of the Mississippi, it would con-
tain the most careful, exact kind of draw-
ing, but it would also contain the subtlety
of atmosphere and the spirit of mystery—
no matter how much he would put into any
breadth of canvas, or spread of paper, there
would lurk in and under and around his
subject the shadow that is so much more
than substance, the suggestion that is far
more than the mere lines and colors.

   It had been a small price to pay for what
he had gained during that awful night of
realities! Through the years his agitation,
his fear, his almost lost fight with the cow-
ardice that is every man’s trial would stand
with him. When a man has won such a de-
cisive victor>r over himself, he may count
on a thousandfold greater strength—per-
haps an utter calm—in whatever emergency
may arise to try him. He may even go
into the inevitable peril that becomes ir-
resistible attack. He may die, but with un-
flinching steadfastness since he has been
prepared for that by an agony of terror,
long since met and overcome.

   Toskin still felt the brooding menace of
the river night; he was wholly conscious of
the possibilities of the dark, of the murder
shanty boat, of the unseen; but he was not
afraid. He could with quiet observation
study his own reactions to the new sounds,
the new spirits, the more sensitive feelings;
instead of mere glimpses and glances of im-
pressions, he now analyzed the things that
gave him these feelings, and when he
sketched the simple, attractive interior of
the boat, with that white face on the bunk,
he added—as a note to jog his memory—
a tiny bell, uptilted as though ringing, to
show that he was listening to bell-like music
out across the river—not really instrumental
music, but the ringing tread and the boom-
ing march of the vast river flood swinging
down reach and bend to its rest in the Gulf
of Mexico.

  Almost unconsciously he sketched that
bell in one corner of the cabin, but after-
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

675

ward, looking at it, he knew that if he never
made another sketch of the river—that bell
showed how much he understocxL and how
far he had come in knowing whereof he
longed to speak.

  Swinging a canvas hammock across the
cabin, Toskin rolled up in a blanket and
went sound to sleep. In the morning some-
thing awakened him, and opening his eyes,
he found himself looking up into the face
of the man he had dragged out of the eddy.
In the man's hand was his own butcher
knife, and he was merely hesitating to drive
the blade into his host’s breast.

  “ Good morning,” Toskin greeted the
man, looking him in the eyes.

  “ Where’s my money belt?” the fellow
demanded.

  “ It was all wet when I pulled you out of
the river,” Toskin answered. “ I spread
the bills on the rack over the stove—where
you’ll find them.”

  On the instant the river rat backed away
and took a quick glance at the kitchen,
where, sure enough, the currency was crin-
kled up, well dried—several thousand dol-
lars in bills of various denominations. At
sight of it, he sprang and rapidly stacked
it to pack it in the stained but fairly soft
horsehide money belt. He counted it, and
he was satisfied with the result. Not a
dollar was missing.

  In the meanwhile Toskin reached over
into a wall pocket and drew out his own
automatic, swung to his feet, and as the man
looked up, leveled the dark brown muzzle
at him.

  “ You scoundrel—hands up! Kill me for
rescuing you, will you?”

  “ Don’t—don’t shoot!” The fellow
dropped his knife and fell to his knees. “ I
’lowed yo’d—yo’d stoled my money 1 Don’t
shoot!”

  Toskin ordered him to put on the belt,
and made him sit down in a chair, while he
himself dressed. Murder had been in the
very poise of the fellow, and Toskin, some-
how, had found river discretion in his short
but terrific shanty boat experience.
Dressed, he told the man to dress in the
clothes which Toskin had carefully dried.

  “ You were floating down, and came into
this eddy,” Toskin explained. “ I heard

you groaning, just before daybreak, and you
drifted against my boat. You hung fast,
but you’d sank back in, shortly. I dragged
you on board, took you in here, and fed
you; I let you sleep on my own bed—and
for thanks you would have stabbed me while
1 slept! Who are you?”

  “Tom—Tom Maiton!” the fellow an-?
swered as he cringed.

  “ A river rat!”

  “ Yas, suh!”

  “ And all the good it does to do you a
favor is to give you a chance to murder your
benefactor?”

  “ 1 ’lowed yo’d took my money.”

  “ If I had—you’d murdered the victim if
you found that much money on him!
You’re alive—and you thought I’d robbed
you, helpless as you were?”

  “ I ’lowed yo’ had, suh.”

  “ Because you’d done it, you thought I
■would—that any man would! Where did
you learn to mistrust men so much?”

  “On ol’ Mississip’—all oveh!”

  “Well, if you were in my place, what
would you do?”

  “ The job’d be’n done, long sincet!” Mai-
ton grinned, with a flicker at his own humor.
“ Yo’d neveh come to, no, suh!”

  “ I believe you. Now, if I let you go, I
suppose you’ll stab me the first chance you
get—or shoot me?”

  Maiton hesitated and stared at the floor.
What could he say? He rolled his eyes up
at last—they were half bulging in their
deep, sunk sockets—they wavered, and a
rat-tail grin whipped along his lips as he
nodded.

  “ I expect, suh!”

  He was telling the truth, and it was the
only way he could repay the man who had
saved his life—it was the truth of the mo-
ment, however. Toskin was delving deep
into the heart thought of the wretch. To
him had been given, as to few softpaws on
the river, the privilege of getting to know
old Mississip’ in the snarling moods of its
ways, and he knew it—he was grateful for
it; nor did he bear any resentment against
the man now. In fact, he read back into
the years of privation, of suffering, of losing
fight against odds on the river, of a weak
physique struggling to keep alive against
676

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the awful law of the survival of the fittest.
He had survived—he was surviving now, by
the very sincerity of his admissions. He
was learning to meet Toskin on Toskin’s
own terms—for there was no other way.

  Unable to look back at Toskin’s frank
and studious inspection, Maiton rolled his
eyes around, and his glance fell on the easel
where rested the wide sheet of drawing
paper, covered over with the sketch of the
bunk, the comer of the cabin, the hanging
curtain by the window, and the glaring
white face that centered and held his vision.

  Maiton’s jaw dropped, his eyes crawled
out of their sockets like turtle heads, and
he staggered to his feet, staring at the pic-
ture. It was a wonderful likeness, that
hasty sketch! Having looked at it, Mai-
ton’s gaze wandered up and down, and
around the cabin. He looked at the carlings
supporting the matched board, canvas-cov-
ered roof; he glanced at the cabin walls, and
shrank away from each side in turn; he
drew down, his back humping, as he fixed
his eyes upon the bunk, blinking again and
again.

  “ This boat—this shanty boat—where
all’d yo’ get to buy hit, misteh?” he asked.

  Toskin stood straighter a little and looked
at the fellow with a quick, birdlike glance of
amused comprehension. Maiton knew that
cabin interior, and he was undergoing tor-
tures in the recognition. The artist knew,
now, how well he had drawn the face and
figure of the wretched river man, recuperat-
ing in almost deathlike sleep on that bunk.

  “ Where’d yo’ git hit?” Maiton pleaded.
“ Not to—not to Mendova?”

  “ It’s one the city custodian had for sale.
It’s a dandy, isn’t it?” Toskin smiled as
he put this question.

  “Ah—ah!” Maiton gasped, and then
asked, pointing at the picture: “ Where
ail’d yo’ see that man—lyin’ theh—so?”

  For an instant Toskin hesitated, and then
reached to a shelf and handed him the news-
paper, with the picture of the murdered man
in it.

  “ There’s the picture, but you know that’s
your own face.”

  “ Lawse! Lawsy!” Maiton whimpered.
“ I knowed hit’s my face, but a daid man’s
on a daid man's bed! An’—an’ yo’ve heam

no voices—seen nobody here, ’ceptin’ me—
no night flyers have come a-visitin’ yo’?”

  “ Oh, as to that—you see that bell?”

   “ Yas, suh! ”

   “ I heard it ringing—not a real bell, you
know—so I sketched that in in order that
I might never forget it.”

   “ Forget the voices of the riveh speerits?”
Maiton cried. “ You expaict yo’d eveh fo’-
get ’em, havin’ heard ’em wunst? Ho, law
—yo’s a softpaw—yo’ ain’ be’n long on the
riveh. When’d yo’ git to come a-float?”

  “ Why, Wednesday—this is Friday morn-
ing.”

  “ I knowed hit. This Friday! Why,
sho! I lost a day—I lost 'Thursday.
When’d yo’ pick me up?”

  “ Just at daybreak, yesterday morning.”
“Yas, suh! I remembeh. Lawse! What
a neck I got—hit’s stiff—sore—near broke
yet! You’re educated. A feller touched
my neck, an’ I went numb to my heels, slow-
like.”

  “ Hit you on the neck?”

  “ No, suh! Kind of laid his hand onto
hit, an’ I couldn’t he’p myse’f. I kep’ a
goin’—a goin’, gettin’ number an’ numb-
er! Come daylight when yo’ fished me out.
Les’ look out.”

  He went on the bow deck and looked
around. Toskin stood in the doorway
watching him as he looked up the chute,
and to the left across the main river.

   “ Yas, suh, I floated twenty miles, stran-
geh. Jes’ floatin’, lyin’ on my back all
paralyzed, my haid throwed back, down
reach ’n’ bend, down crossin’ an’ chute, an’
—hit were here yo’ drug me out? I ’mem-
beh seein’ a light, an’ feelin' a shanty boat
hull, hookin’ my fingehs into the strake
crack. Sho! Ol’ Mississip’ brung me hyar
to this bo’t—a daid man’s bo’t! Lawse—
Lawsy! 01’ Mississip’ had hit in fo’ me—he
shore did! Yas, suh!”

  Staggering, Maiton sank into the old
green wicker chair on the deck. He sat
there, mumbling and nodding to the wan-
dering of his own thoughts. On him had
settled one of the Mississippi River convic-
tions, and he whined with helpless misery
and futile wish.

  “ Stranger — stranger ” — he turned to
Toskin, one hand reaching suddenly to the
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

677

back of his neck, as it creaked stiffly—“ I
lied, strangeh! I'd neveh kill yo’-all—not
in Gawd’s world—neveh!”

  “ I thought so.” Toskin smiled. “ Come
in anti we'll have a cup of coffee and break-
fast—what say?”

  “ Yas, suh, but—that cabin. Ho, law!
Do yo’-all b’lieve in ghosts?”

  “ Believe in ghosts?” Toskin laughed.
“ Why, yes—after a fashion. I’d hate a
lot not to believe in them, you know. Take
a real, nice, good-natured ghost, now, and
he’s lots of company.”

  “ Sho, shof” Maiton exclaimed, and then,
grinning wryly, stepped lightly the length
of the cabin, swinging wide from the bunk,
and working in the kitchen to help make
the breakfast which both of them needed.

  When they had eaten they washed and
dried the dishes, put them away and re-
turned into the sitting room. As before,
Maiton kept covert eye on the bunk, as
though he would be ready should it rise up
and fly at him. On the other hand, catch-
ing another glimpse of the picture on the
easel, he shied at it, too, while Toskin re-
garded him with the amusement of a man
who has become well rid of his own fright.

  “ You do not like my cabin boat?” Tos-
kin suggested.

  “ Just so,” Maiton admitted, sitting gin-
gerly in the rocking chair to which his host
beckoned. “ I fear no man—but the devil’s
own— Law me!”

  “ The newspapers say that the dead man
was a mystery—none knew his name,”
hinted Toskin.

  “ No more did I‘” Maiton said stoutly.
“ How’d.I know him?”

  “ That is none of my business.” Toskin
shook his head with sudden discretion. “ I
believe a man should mind his own busi-
ness—”

  “ That’s more’n many a softpaw gets to
know. ’Tis a wise man who knows what
isn’t his business. What’s the idea of that
damned picture?”

  “ I didn’t want to forget how you looked
lying there.”

  “ An’ I looked like a daid man—did I?
White’s that? What’s the meaning of that
sign, wiH you tell me that?”

  M Sign? Meaning of what sign?”

  “ You draw my picture—and it’s my daid
face into hit!”

   “Oh, lots of artists make their portraits
dead—or wooden.”

  “ But that thing—I’m a daid man in a
daid man’s bed!” Maiton’s cream-colored
complexion turned ash-gray. He quivered
as he glared at the portrait, seeing his own
profile, the gaunt, deep wrinkles of his own
face, and the lifeless relaxation of his figure,
right where the murdered man had lain.

   As night fell the river rat was shivering
with dread. Toskin could laugh at him
now. At the same time he was sorry for
the man, knowing full well what he was suf-
fering. He could not help but speculate on
the visitor’s knowledge of the boat’s trag-
edy, but he knew far too much by this time
to give voice to hint or inquiry in the mat-
ter.

  Maiton warmed slowly in the fearless
poise of his host.

  “ You-all know a daid man slept theh—
an’ you’re not afeared, misteh?” Tom Mai-
ton asked.

  “ I think—don’t you—that I would bet-
ter fear the living more?” Toskin asked
in turn, with crisp meaning in his tone,
v “ Yas, suh! Yas, suh! ” Maiton acknowl-
edged. “ Two men near laid daid on that
bunk—yas, indeedy—”

  “ Three,” Toskin added. “ I was closer
to dying than you were, when I lifted you
on there, and fed you, warmed you with hot
clothes—brought you back from almost
complete exhaustion to sleep and rest.”

  “ I know yo’ did—now—yas, suh,” Mai-
ton acknowledged, shamed. “ Listen.”

  In the darkness without they heard
motors, and Maiton stepped to the bow
deck to hear better.

   “ Hit’s friends of mine,” he whispered to
Toskin in the darkness, and raising his voice
through his megaphoned hands, he gave an
“ aloo-hoo ” call. An answer returned from
the river darkness, and a minute or two
later the dark craft approached in the
gloom. One of the men turned on a spotlight
and sought out the little shanty boat.
There was a brief interval of silence and
then there was a shrill, low scream:

  “ Hit’s the murder boat from Mendova.
Hit’s their ghosts. Mad Tom’s an’ t’other
678

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

daid man. Hard oveh! Hard oveh!
Gawd! We didn’t mean nothin’!”

CHAPTER VI.

DANGLING RIVER TEMPTATIONS.

DENTON RILLARD felt his grip on
affairs slipping sensibly as he regarded
the situation in which he now found
himself. Old Mississip’ had captivated him,
and he asked himself the most fatal of all
questions to consider:

   “ Who’d know anything about it?”

  His surface thoughts were innocent
enough, but away down underneath was
what they call a hankering for adventure—
affected, considerably, by the fear of people
misunderstanding him, if he happened to
be caught at it. He could not quite regard
the gay and questionable incidents of the
big concert boat river dance with complete
regret. He had kissed Dona with consider-
able enthusiasm, he admitted to himself,
but with such an indifference that no one
should object to it—even Corilla, if she
would only understand it as well as he did,
the surprise, unexpectedness and natural-
ness of it.

   At the same time, thinking of the river
desperado’s indignant charge and his
prompt and scientific bafflement and expul-
sion, Rillard wondered if he had killed a
man? Certainly that practiced thumbing of
Mad Tom’s neck had crippled the river rat,
and numbed men in water have little chance
of escape from drowning.

   The vicious jealousy of the man had
been, of course, perfectly foolish; Rillard
was merely a spectator, and all that, as he
assured himself, but there was one deep
satisfaction for him: nobody ever paid any
attention to what shanty boaters did, or
what happened to people down the Missis-
sippi River. One might read a thousand
newspapers and never learn anything about
the Mississippi except that sometimes it had
some awful floods, and sometimes it needed
a hundred millions to make it navigable.
Since coming below Cairo, out of the Ohio,
Rillard had heard forty stories, at least,
which would have made good news yams, if
any reporter had heard them, but apparent-v

Oh, ly the only reports of the Mississippi were
issued by waterway conventions and the
WTeather Bureau.

   He thrilled with dismay as he thought of
what a newspaper man would do with the
story of Hon. Denton Rillard’s feud with
pirates, undertaken to save a pretty river
girl from their attentions. That phase of
the matter was fit to make him reel with ex-
citement. Over and over again he reassured
himself that what happened on the Missis-
sippi was a closed book as regards up-the-
bank knowledge.

   Accordingly, without many misgivings, he
dropped out of the eddy with the Voane
boat, made fast to it down the crossing and
thus saved the women on board the neces-
sity of steering or pulling it with their
sweeps; the power of his own motor would
take the big house boat upstream, if need
be.

   Worst of all, perhaps, he assented to din-
ing on board their boat, where the natural-
ness and ease with which the women acted
greatly assisted him in maintaining a strict-
ly decorous attitude of distant friendliness.
There was not the least deceit on his part;
when he landed at Cypress, he explained his
necessity by saying that he expected let-
ters from his wife and business associates.
Neither of the women showed the least sign
of surprise or feeling on learning that he was
married. In fact, they had known it right
along.

   There was never lack for something to
talk about. Mrs. Voane had lived on the
Mississippi for nearly twenty years, and
previous to that had been a Montana pros-
pector’s daughter, living from camp to
camp, and she was now a woman of some
little property, and asked Rillard's advice
about investing several hundred dollars of
income from mine stock dividends that hap-
pened to come to her at Memphis, where
they ran down Ash Slough.

   Two days later they landed in at St.
Francis Towhead, near the St. Francis River
mouth. A flock of wild geese came flying
by. low down, and Dona stepped outside
with a long-barreled thirty-eight caliber re-
volver. As they began to climb she threw
the weapon up and fired six times. The
range was from twenty yards to about
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

679

eighty yards, and four of the great birds
came flopping end over end to the rippled
sand. It was wonderful shooting. Rillard
had never seen anything like it.

  As he saw how the bullets had center-
plumbed the unhappy birds,'he was startled
by another thought—this girl was perfect-
ly competent to take care of herself. He
turned and looked at her with some little
alarm, and was just in time to see the quiet
smile, and the uprolling eyes of a young
woman who knew that she had amazed and
shaken a man beyond any idea that he had
previously expressed. She was laughing at
him, and worst of all, he rather enjoyed
the discovery that she was so much more
capable than he had supposed possible.

  Right then, however, was the ending of
his legitimate guardianship—with his own
discovery of its needlessness. TUI that mo-
ment he could have shown a proof of in-
different gallantry to any court to which
his conscience might appeal, barring per-
haps Gorilla herself, who would have been
rather biased, in all probability. Now,
stripped of any ignorance he might have
pleaded, he stiffened his neck with the ob-
servation that nobody would ever know
that he had accompanied two shanty boat-
ers, widow and daughter, some two or three
hundred miles down the lonely Mississippi.

  Nobody—that is, except shanty boaters.
Apparently, the Voanes knew about every-
body down the Mississippi. They stopped
in eddies, reaches, and bends. They visited
fishermen’s tents up the bank, commissaries
over the levees, and remained three days at
a logging camp, because they knew the
foreman—an old friend of Voane.

  Where the coon hunting was good, Dona
brought out her own and her father’s pow-
erful headlights, adjusted the latter to Ril-
lard’s yachting cap, and took him out upon
the wooded bottoms, to initiate him in the
mysteries of fixe hunting.

  It was rare sport; he shot three coons in
one dark corner brake above St. Francis
Towhead, and when they were turned
around in the cane, his wrist compass en-
abled them to find their way back to the
river bank. He would not have missed the
wast two-year-old coon which Dona baked
—not for money, anyhow.

  Returning to the big shanty boat and
cruiser in their little skiff, driven by an out-
board motor, they found another boat float-
ing down the midstream, with doors open
and deaf to any hail. Turning their head-
lights on it, they saw that the bunk in the
cabin was empty, and that no one was on
board.

  They ran alongside, dropped a line on
one of the oar pinheads and swung it into
the towhead eddy, and anchored it there.
Going up to the young woman’s boat, Ril-
lard helped her to the stern deck, and him-
self sprang up lightly. They stood there in
the gray darkness of 2 a.m. It was just as
natural to go hunting coons at night, down
the Mississippi, as hunting grouse on an
afternoon from an Adirondack camp or
Pennsylvania clubhouse.

  “ You’re teaching me a lot about living
down the Mississippi,” he said with sudden
realization.

  “ There’s a lot to learn yet,” she chuck-
led. “ I’d better tell you—Mad Tom isn’t
dead. He floated down about twenty miles,
and a softpaw artist from down East, some-
where, picked him up. They’re all waiting
for us, down by White River, or Arkansaw
Old Mouth, Mad Tom an’ his pirate crew.”

  “ Waiting for us?”

  “ Yas, suh—passed us by, and didn’t
know hit.”

 “ Why—why—”

  “ It’s fair warnin’; they’re mean, that
pirate crew; they’ll shoot yo’ if they can;
I’m all right. They come round this boat,
an’ I’ll shoot fustest an’ ask questions, if
necessary, afterward. But I’m powerful
worried about you, suh. Likely yo’d betteh
quit the riveh—the farther down yo’ go,
the worse off yo’ be, till yo’ go down Chaf-
felli, where yo’ don’t come back.”

  There it was again—the challenge of old
Mississip’! Rillard rose on his tiptoes, al-
most unconsciously, and he turned to look
down the river where Helena’s lights were
sparkling and shining nine or ten miles dis-
tant. Just that way a crisis had come to
him— and he just couldn’t resist the circum-
stances.

  Returning on board his boat he tried to
give the situation serious and sensible conr
sideration. He knew there was only a dir
680

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

lemma for choice—he must stay with the
river, and all its strangely fascinating at-
tractions and dangers, or he must make
haste back up-the-bank to his own country
and his own people.

   He hesitated, dallied with the various
considerations, asked himself if a real man
could, with honor, permit a gang of river
desperadoes to drive him from the naviga-
ble highway. He allowed himself to remem-
ber the cunning and attractive Dona only
as an interesting young river woman of a
discreetly friendly type—but he knew,
down in his heart, that there was, really,
only one thing to do—quit!

  For a minute he determined to do so,
but recalled that he still had Dona’s beau-
tiful revolver, the Cheyenne belt and quick-
draw holster. He could not go away with
that, and it was too late to hand it aboard
in passing out of the eddy, and accordingly
he turned in and tossed uneasily in his little
stateroom bunk long before he could sleep.
But, sleeping at last, he slept late, and was
only awakened when, from alongside, came
the hail of Dona, telling him breakfast was
ready—pork sage sausage, hot bread and
pan-browned milk gravy, drip coffee and
buckwheat cakes, wild honey and the like,
all cooked in river fashion.

   It was a quiet breakfast; the two watched
him covertly, wondering what he would
do, whether he would succumb to the grav-
ity of his danger, and leave the river, or
whether he would go down and confront the
river wretches, taking their challenge.

   He did not enlighten them. After break-
fast he and Dona went to the little shanty
boat which they had salvaged the previous
night, as it floated lost down the mid-cur-
rent. It gave evidence of another mystery.
Whoever had lived on board had thrown
his clothes over a chair, and gone to bed.
The bed had been slept in. It wras a single
iron bedstead, with everything clean and
neat. Cold cooked meat and raised buck-
wheat batter cakes were ready for break-
fast; even coffee was in the percolator;
hanging over the head of the bed was a
money belt containing eight hundred and
fifty dollars, but no name and no address.
On the wall beside the pillow was a heavy
army automatic, loaded, and the safety on,

showing that it was ready for instant use.
In a corner were two firearms, a twenty
gauge repeater and a twenty-five-thirty-five
automatic rifle.

   What was the answer?

   Dona said:

   “ His lines are all coiled up, but his an-
chor is wet and muddy; what that man did
was walk up in his sleep, hoist his anchor
and then—fall overboard! Perhaps he
couldn’t swim, and drowned; perhaps the
shock of frosty upper Mississippi water
chilled and cramped him; perhaps he
reached the bank, and don’t know what had
happened to him! Many a man walks in
his sleep dowrn this shanty boatin’ riveh—
and to that kind, things happen—sho! I
neveh saw this boat before, and it’s riveh
built, twenty-two foot long, six and a half
foot wide, low cabin, deep hull. Who knows
what happened on hit?”

   “ What ’11 we do with it?”

   “ Hit’s worth, with that money, a thou-
sand dollars; there may be more into it;
we’d better search!”

  They ransacked the boat from bow to
stern,under decks, in the pump hole, through
pockets and boxes and the trunk. The
trunk, a square-cornered, iron-strapped con-
tainer, contained packs of cards, all marked
and new, except three; poker chips, several
sets of dice, some square-cornered and some
round—and as she remarked, after rolling
them a few times, all were loaded or
trimmed to win and lose. A dozen books,
Hoyle’s, draughts, chess, told of a gamester's
studies. There was a book of river maps,
and maps of Colorado, Arizona, Idaho and
New York City’s metropolitan district.

   The boat itself had no gambling con-
veniences, merely a swing table and a small
cook stove, a kitchen-galley well provided
with grub, plenty of assorted ammunition
for the firearms, and from end to end, not
one line of writing, not a pen or pencil mark,
and the markers had been ripped carefully
from every garment on board. A gold
watch, tied with a rawhide thong in the
trousers, had the numbers scratched off
case and works, but there was a picture of a
girl in the hunting case face cover—and
when Rillard looked at it he gasped with
amazement.
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

681

  “Why—Dona—it’s your picture!” he
cried.

  “What!” she exclaimed, and examined
the picture. It was a profile, taken with a
small camera, showing her from her trim
waist to her head, with a background of
river bank out of focus.

  “ Why, 1 never saw that picture before!”
she cried, and her mother verified her state-
ment; neither one could remember when it
was taken, but there was a comer of a cabin
visible just beyond her and behind her.
Studying this, they determined at last that
the picture had been taken on board a
shanty boat on the Yellowstone River about
twro years previous, but it was a local boat,
on skids up the bank, and belonged to a
trapper and his w'ife. Other people had
been around there, but not this derelict
boat.

  “ Some gambler—and he came down Mis-
souri into old Mississip’,” Dona mused. “ I
hadn’t heard of him—to know' him.”

  Thinking the man might come down dur-
ing the next day or two, looking for his
boat, they waited several days, and then
they read in a Memphis newspaper that a
man had been found drowned on President
Island Towhead. He was dressed in a
nightgown only, and there was no clew to
his identity, except that he was five feet
eight inches tall, weighed about one hun-
dred and sixty-five pounds, had dark hair,
brown eyes and dark complexion, with a
brown mustache.

  “ Findings is keepings, then!” Dona re-
marked, wryly, and they divided the money,
splitting it three ways; Rillard took the
watch, a beautiful instrument that must
have cost upward of two hundred dollars,
and the two women took the boat and its
contents, as fair an exchange as could be
made, for it would, on sale, sell for about
as much as the watch.

  At Helena they sold the boat for one hun-
dred and sixty dollars cash, with everything
on board, except the firearms and ammuni-
tion. Thus closed a river incident with the
marks of a typical Mississippi grimness.
But the inside of the watch cover gave to
Rillard a new slant on the river ways. He
had not thought of possessing a picture of
Dona Voane. The picture, however, caught

and held his attention, and as he tripped
down the current with his motor boat along-
side the long house boat, he looked at the
picture so much that he forgot that he was
responsible for the safe guidance of the two
craft—and a sudden cry brought him back
to his senses, just too late!

  They were floating down the long Red
Town Bend when the current swung them
whirling into the caving bank, and there a
huge sawyer, jumping with all the power of
a log in a white-water cascade, came up
beneath the big house boat, struck the bot-
tom with the force of an explosion and
smashed it up, tore up through the stringers
and the cabin floor and a long, jagged root
pierced the very roof itself.

  Just that way things happen down the
Mississippi; a little day dreaming, a bit of
neglect, a moment of delicious peace and
lovely floating is changed into one of trag-
edy, or dire peril. No sooner had the saw-
yer, a tree snag more than a hundred feet
long, sprang up through the house boat
than it swung down again, tearing out the
floor and bottom for fifteen or twenty feet
and disappearing in the water depths before
the flood fairly poured into the hull and
cabin.

  Mrs. Voane had been sitting in the cabin,
peeling potatoes. She was not seen after
her daughter turned to cover the bottom of
a frying pan with squirrel meat. At the
crash, Dona saw7 the snag clutching at her,
but threw herself to the stern, and with
a scream, sprang to the deck of the Jungle,
Rillard’s motor boat. Then seeing the
house boat sinking, she cast off the line
that held the Jungle’s stern, and bounded
forward and cast off the bow line before
Rillard had moved in his paralysis of as-
tounded horror.

  The motor boat swung clear, bow up-
stream, and the house boat sank into the
depths. A few splintered boards, a little sec-
tion of the roof, a few bits of stove wood
floated up out of the water, but that was
all. The heavy kitchen range, the big cabin
heater, the anchors, traps, and perhaps a
ton or two of junk distributed around the
shanty boat sank it to the bottom, perhaps
in a hundred feet of water.

  Dona fainted on the motor boat cabin.
682'

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Rillard stumbled over it to her side, and
crying in his remorse at the penalty of his
carelessness, stooped over her and tried to
revive her.

CHAPTER VII.

THE RIVER DOES TO MEN.

TWO days after becoming acquainted
with one another Toskin and Maiton
landed in the Free Bend eddy and
convinced Jim Taken and Date lmsal that
neither was a ghost, and that the murder
boat was harmless, as yet, at least. Never-
theless, none of the river pirates would ven-
ture on board the craft, and were for a time
doubtful about welcoming Maiton and Tos-
kin on their own shaggy, questionable and
faded launches and shanties.

   Shortly they were going over the affairs
of the river, and Maiton heard that Rillard
was coming down with the Voanes. The
fact made him snarl with anger; an up-the-
bank softpaw had fouled him! That was
his viewpoint, and he promised to shoot the
man on sight—no boast, but a promise!

  To make sure he began to shoot often
with a revolver and an automatic, taking
marks as they came in lonely bends and
over sand bars. He had long practiced with
firearms, and he remarked on the value of
practice as exemplified by the work of Dona
Voane with her weapons. Dona had shown
her skill often enough for the river people
to know that she could, if she dared, shoot
with accurate menace.

  “ Shucks! ” Maiton had said to the evi-
dence of his own eyes. “ She’d neveh shoot
a man—a woman ’d be afeared to shoot a
man. Dona shoot me? Not in a thousand
years!”

  Jim Taken ventured to offer a tentative
warning against his easy confidence in his
belief. To this Mad Tom made angry re-
tort, and the pal subsided. They all talked
freely before Toskin, and having learned
what he was down the Mississippi to do,
they took delight in having him draw
sketches of them; some posed, and many as
natural and easy as their habit at the
steering wheel or sweep of a launch or scow.

There they were, six as bad and me,an

rascals as the river afforded, taking him in

with them, knowing that he was honest—
but a good fellow; glad to accommodate him
with their looks and gestures, willing that
he should sketch them when they knew it
or not. One thing they emphatically re-
fused, however, was to let him take their
photographs. He could sketch them, in de-
tail and all together, as they were, leaning
over their tables in thieving scheme or
debonair in wild fowl hunting—but they
shied from photographs, which would serve
to advertise their characteristics should any
detective or police force know the need
of capturing them.

  But they enjoyed the photographs he
took of other shanty boats, of other river
people, of detail and general river scenery,
snag, sand bar or lumping bank. In his
river studies he found the river rats of irre-
placable value as advisers, for they showed
him the niceties of river features, the white
streak of a fisherman’s new jump line on
a snag, the oar pinheads of shanty boats,
the service of a long handy line in throwing
Young’s big storeboat out of the main cur-
rent into an eddy, the old-fashioned stem
oar, the pretty work of a tripper who used
an outboard motor to drive his shanty boat
from the dead water of an eddy out into
the running channel. Every one of these
suggestions which they made rang true with
the completeness of their piratical river
knowledge, and Toskin ended each day with
his questionable friends, a dead-tired man,
but with his brain full of data which his
subconsciousness, working all night, had
hardly time to sort, file away and tabulate
for future reference.

  For one thing, he trusted to his eyes and
ears, not his tongue, to satisfy his curiosity.
If he spoke it was never with a question on
his lips—he talked of all affairs hut those
of his associates. For this reason, as well
as for his remarkable indifference to spectral
possibilities in his shanty boat, he was wel-
come to the men about him. He quite won
the hearts of the two terrible women who
cared for the piratical craft, the cooking
and cleaning and often the navigating, while
the men attended to their sundry affairs.

  It seemed to Toskin that he had never in
his life seen such female humans. Their
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

683

faces had lost all trace of sex. and were
wrinkled, fixed of expression and sullen of
countenance: when they spoke it was with
the vibrant tang of frogs, low, grunting and
ventriloquial. Finding Toskin a willing lis-
tener, they told him. when the men were not
near, stories of their own lives on the rivers,
from above Pittsburgh to Fort Benton,
from Shreveport to away up the Yazoo,
from down Chaffelli to the dark comers of
the Arkansaw and St. Francis.

  He sketched them, to their delight, for
somehow he was able to give their hard,
sullen faces a certain expression the source
of which he did not know himself. His pen-
cil. chalk, and even his oils laid over the
sketched outlines on a canvas, all displayed
that something which he studied to learn its
meaning—and one day when he sketched a
snag from a photograph which he had taken,
he saw a likeness, a vanishing line of ripple
below the snag that trailed away in an odd,
convoluting, twisting incurving. It was like
the long, pitifully thin rat tail of braided
hair down the back of Comanche, as one of
the women was called.

  With that startling hint Toskin made
studies of the women with his little vest-
pocket camera, risking their wrath if they
should discover his efforts, but knowing
that none of them, save Mad Tom, would
visit his own boat because of the murder
on it.

  And thus Toskin, with a reading glass,
ransacked the profiles and full faces of the
women, till he knew that their faces were
not as he had at first supposed, devoid of all
but sullen expression: they were crinkled
and wrinkled, sun-tanned and wind-creased,
squinted by bright light and dark night
tripping, and curved with an odd humor,
toughened by an age of indifference to all
pangs but those of chill and hunger. He
marveled at what he was discovering, and
taking one of the profiles, that of Caprice—
what a name!—he patiently plucked out of
sketch and photograph tiny and nearly hid-
den lines and flickers of faintest expression,
putting them on a card with water colors.

  Working with tiny details, bent only on
catching those elusive lines, and areas so
small that on the camera prints they were
nearly microscopic in size, he hardly noticed

what result in toto he was obtaining. Then,
happening to look at the portrait from a
little distance, all the fine touches and tiny
copied strokes blended into one, and be
stood amazed by the thing that he had done
—the portrait of a young, beautiful and
wise—far too knowing!—young woman.

  “Why, gracious!” he cried to himself.
“ What have I done?”

  That was Caprice—a woman of one
name, a pirate drudge and a bent-down
river woman. He sat back and looked at the
portrait for an hour. It was this that his
artistic second sight had seen, and com-
pelled him by minute and painful toil to
steal from all his collection of note pictures
and sketch lines. He wondered if his eyes
had played him false? He could hardly
believe that any such person was mingled
with all the other characters in that old and
squudgy woman.

  Without comment he held it up in a little
drift pile wood frame, and the pirates and
women looked at it from their dinner table,
to which he was late in coming. For a
minute they gazed, and then a ribald grin
stole across the features of Mad Tom: Jim
Taken shrugged his shoulders and made a
sneering remark; Comanche straightened up
and uttered a cry of astonished recognition:

  “ Why, Caprice—”

  Caprice stood half erect and leaned, with
heavy-jowled face to see with eyes growing
a bit dim. stared for a full minute up and
down and across that picture: as she scru-
tinized it. her face softened, and the blank
toughness seemed to recede, leaving a better
rounded face.

  “ Sho, sho!M she said, and then throwing
up her hands, turned and waddled down
the cabin and into the narrow little state-
room of the main craft of the little pirate
fleet, bellowing aloud with an emphasis that
must have been comic, had it not been the
wail of a heartbroken old hag who had rec-
ognized a picture of the girl that she had
once been.

  Toskin. as long as he lived, would re-
member that woman's sudden realization of
her life. At the same time he could never
again look into a human countenance with-
out divining from its hidden lines of spiritual
growth, or moral decay, secrets that must
684

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

disturb his own satisfaction in human com-
panionship; for old Mississip’ had lavished
on him a faculty, a power and a curse of
understanding, the inspiration of discovering
the endurance of humanity through trifling
with virtue and taking as serious the minor
things of life.

   Mad Tom, next of Toskin’s studies, dis-
played another phase. Caprice had been
willful, and had chosen that name in the
days when it meant something besides a
river past. Mad Tom, little by little, gave to
Toskin the more pitiful fact of his physical
weakness, his mental lack of balance, his
heart always sore with disappointment be-
cause nature had given him a bit of pride in
looking well—and he was a horrid little
wretch. In his desperation and indignation
against his own fate, he had stormed off
down the Mississippi, become crook, crim-
inal, scoundrel and brute creator of
wretched violence.

   Toskin knew better than to show him, or
any‘of his, the picture that revealed the
hopeful and unconscious youth—too weak,
too ignorant, too mean-souled, too con-
temptible ever to become anything remark-
able to gratify his pride, yet always endur-
ing the wish and crumbling under the de-
sire, a homely little nobody with an appetite
for bigger things. And Tom Maiton had
raged and strived and grown reckless—and
down old Mississip’ he had found a leader-
ship among the miserable of his own type,
and gained a notoriety that helped him
evade the pain of his lack of fame. A good
little boy, a true youth, a cringing, brow-
beaten little man—till that day he fell upon
a bigger, handsome, fine-favored youth and
cut his heart out, because of a girl’s sneer
and cruel contempt. The analytical por-
trait and the old women’s gossip gave Tos-
kin the truth—to use when he should, if
ever, be permitted to paint his way with
inspired discoveries.

' But as he discovered his new powers,
Toskin felt in his soul the terrible dread
that he should never be able to draw what
he saw with his mind’s eye; cultured critics
could never overcome their repugnance
against the crude color and the careless
sweep of his brush—that fear smote him,
and Toskin spent a sleepless night of fore-

boding, wretched because probably by the
time he was through with his best work,
he would still be one of the host and horde
of—say, the undiscovered, disillusioned and
disappointed.

   Really, he was never so confident as when
he was asking himself the question of
whether his life was worth living or not. He
was among low and degraded people; he
was living in a kind of squalor amid a dark-
ness of moral obloquy. He listened, with-
out a qualm, to schemes of robbing commis-
saries—stores—up the bank; he heard Mad
Tom tell about a bank he knew, with mil-
lions in its vaults, guarded by a lock that
would succumb to a little soup, if only the
night marshal could be rendered helpless.
Really, too, Toskin was particeps criminis,
to the extent that he ate delicious beef,
pork, chickens, and a dozen vegetable pro-
ducts. He knew the animals were killed in
the brakes, the chickens snatched from their
roosts, the vegetables filched—and yet he
ate with good appetite!

   “ WThat’s the river doing to me?” he won-
dered.

  Old Mississip’ was doing to him apace,
and opening the channel wide for undream-
able things! A nice, innocent, ambitious
and competent artist with some few refined
and cultured feelings left, despite his sev-
eral weeks down old Mississip’, he sat in the
river pirate council, pencil and sketch pad
in hand, hardly conscious of what his ears
recorded, he was so engrossed in fixing with
lead the flashes and contortions of the faces
before him.

  Mad Tom had picked up a bit of news.
He was indignant clear through. His weeks
of talk had been to cheer his own sadness,
but now he was desperate.

  “ Dona Voane’s drappin’ down the Mis-
sissip’ with Dent Rillard!” Mad Tom said.

“ The Voane boat’s tore up. they claim:
Mrs. Voane’s done drowned—an’, boys,
Rillard cain’t marry that gal! No, suh!
He’s a scoundrel hisse’f! They didn’t stop

—he ain’t got no seventeen dollars ’n’ fifty
cent ’vorce, an’ that gal’s—gal's—boys! I
lost my fustest gal, ’count of a han'some
city-bred scoundrel, an* I cut hisn heart
out! Dona’d married me, if he hadn’t come
along. You know how ’tis?”
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

685

  His voice broke into a whine, the shrill,
shivering, whistling whine of a whipped man
of the world, one conscious of his own in-
feriority in every way, and mad with anger
because he had nothing in him with which
to build up a personal competence in phy-
sical equality—what he might have done,
carefully trained, given a real, rather than
a common school education, none need try
to surmise, Toskin reflected.

   “ I’m goin’ to kill that scoundrel Rillard!
He caught me foul, an’ s’prised me wunst! ”
Mad Tom said, hoarsely. “ Now hit’s my
turn—wunst for all! Wunst for all!”

  His turn at last—time for him to stand
up, with his*weapons against another man
with his, and exercising the guile and be-
guilements available to an undersized,
crooked and stunted river rat.

  Toskin, knowing only river rats on the
river, speculated on this projected crime of
murder to recover a woman. Somehow, the
talk that must have amazed and alarmed
him in any of his old haunts back home
seemed here to be perfecUv natural—and
certainly none of his business—till he was
asleep alone on his own boat, Mad Tom
having joined his river pals on theirs.

   Then he saw himself in the light of his old
standards of morality, justice and standard
laws. And when, the following day, lurking
hidden in the brush of Half Moon Lake
Island, he saw the Jungle, Denton Rillard's
boat, go floating down, and heard Mad Tom
chortling with angry delight at the near
prospect of doing murder, he thought that
he could not permit this crime. He must,
in some way, prevent it, and when, after
dark, the pirates and he went floating down-
stream looking for the sport’s landing in
eddy or against bank, he planned to give
Rillard fair warning.

  Somehow, in the river gloom, spurts of
current separated the little fleet, or perhaps
the pirates just decided to be shut of their
softpaw associates for the time being. Tos-
kin was carried down close to a caving bank,
fought the current, and was suddenly
swirled into an eddy only a rod wide and
three or four rods long. He threw a line
over a caved-down snag, deciding to wait
for morning before venturing out into the
swift, sawing current.

   He turned in to sleep the rest of the night.
He was awakened by the hail of a huntress
in the morning; she had been hunting, for
she carried a wild gobbler.

  “ Howdy, on board, theh?” she hailed.

  Looking out he saw a very comely, a very
attractive young woman looking down at
him.

  “ Did yo’ see Mad Tom, or hisn’s fleet
lately?”

  “ Why, they went down last night—I lost
them—”

  “ Lost you? Oh, yes. You’re that paint-
ing and drawing fellow. I heard tell of you
—ves. You say they went on down?”

  “ Yes—”

  “ How far?”

  “ Why, all night, unless they found—
um-m—”

  “ Oh, thank you! I know—you’re a soft-
paw. Better let me help you out of this
eddy with your boat—you might be tore
up on some snags, just below. I lost my
boat—and my mother ”—she choked a little
—“ in a bend like this.”

   She came down, cast off the lines and took
the sweeps, and Toskin, from in the cabin
with his camera, stole picture after picture
of this lithe and splendid figure as she swaing
the little shanty boat out into the current
and with beautiful strokes carried it clear of
the eddy edges and the swishing, pounding
sawyers of trees that had caved off the
wooded bank along that bend.

  She took him down into Montgomery
Chute, and around the bend, by Arkansaw
New Mouth, where the Arkansaw flows with
the waters of White River, landed him
alongside the Jungle.

  “Mr. Rillard!” she called. “Here is
Mr. Toskin, the artist that’s been with Mad
Tom’s pirates. They’re looking for us, just
as we’ve heard. They’ll do murder—Mad
Tom will. I cain’t let yo’-all be killed on
my account!”

  Rillard stood in the engine pit of his
cruiser and looked at Toskin with the tall,
handsome, self-confident aloofness of a suc-
cessful business man who is contemplating
a dreaming genius.

  “ So you are Mr. Toskin?” Rillard
smiled. “ Haven’t I heard of you—some-
where?”
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

   “ Yes, sir; X think perhaps, yes, sir—”
Toskin hesitated. “ You see—partly—you
helped pay for ray art course!”

  “ Eh—what? How was that? Oh,
unvm—”

   “ Advertisements for your products—”

   “ That’s so—I’ve been wondering; well—
well, the world is small, isn’t it? Um-m—
yes! ”

   Rillard gave an alarmed glance in the di-
 rection of Dona Voane, and then an equally
 sidelong glance at Toskin—a glance the
 artist treasured long afterward, though at
 the moment he was far from pleased, and
 was asking himself a number of questions
 without showing his thoughts in his blank
 expression.

   “ Miss Voane’s boat was sunk by a saw-
yer just below Helena,” Rillard said, by
way of explaining. “ Her mother lost her
life and she escaped by a very narrow mar-
gin. It was my fault. I was a fool—”

   As he looked across the river, biting his
 lower lip, Toskin saw that Dona regarded
 him with an expression of utter contempt,
 though she veiled her expression on the in-
 stant. Whatever might be in Rillard’s
 mind, Dona utterly despised him, and Tos-
 kin wondered at the exultant leap in his
 own heart that this was true.

   “ That's the murder boat, isn’t it?” Dona
 inquired.. “ Seen any ghosts?”

   Toskin admitted his night of panic, and
described the coming of Mad Tom, like a
water-logged spirit out of the river eddy.
Dona smiled, and Rillard nodded with sat-
isfaction.

   “ One of Colonel Sibley’s people said you
 were up there and probably couldn’t get
 out,” Dona explained as they all three ate
 breakfast together on the motor boat.
 “ And we wanted to know about Mad Tom;
 he’s been talking all the way down about
 killing Mr. Rillard, here.”

   “ Probably he’ll stop in at the mouth of
 old Arkansaw,” Toskin suggested. “ He
 said you’d always stop there a while, Miss
 Voane.”

   “ Not this trip. I’m going to Arkansaw
City. I’ve friends in the eddy, there, and
money ’11 come from—from our property.
Mother and I held it in joint accounts, so if
one—one passed out—the other could draw

it You never know what ’11 happen on old

 Mississip’!”

   “ You can take my boat,” Toskin sug-
gested in an aside, wondering at his pre-
science; “ I’ll wait at Arkansaw City.”

“ Lawsy—white man!” she whispered.
“ How’d you know what was in my heart?”

CHAPTER VIII.

THEY WALK IN RIVER NIGHT.

DONA VOANE went afloat in the mur-
der boat. Toskin remained on the
Jungle. Rillard watched her depar-
ture with eyes whose light changed to dark-
ness, and Dona hardly glanced at him at
all. She held the beautifully balanced
sweeps of the little shanty boat, dropping
down White River current into the Mis-
sissippi, her thoughts entirely on Toskin,
who had loaned her his boat.

   That had been such an honorable thing
to do! It showed his fine feeling, his un-
derstanding of the predicament that had
compelled her to float down the river with
the bungling and proud-thoughted Rillard.
Rillard had said many things that made
Dona despise him more and more.

   He had been glad that the river people
were so isolated, and she had found some
amusement in his confidence that his river
experience was so sure to be buried in the
oblivion of river tradition. The river, she
knew, would protect its own, but when some
sport tripped down, and sought to take ad-
vantage of the river’s characteristics—well,
old Mississip’ would change them for the
occasion.

   Toskin. however, was different. He fitted
 in. She could see why the pirates had trust-
 ed him—he was gifted with tact, and the
 river etiquette just naturally laid its law
 down for him, and he obeyed. Who but a
 natural born river man would have instant-
 ly offered her his own shanty boat to re-
 lieve her of the equivocal posidon she
 seemed to occupy, floating down in the
 four state-roomed, large-cabined, w'ell-found
 Jungle?

   She made her escape from that predica-
 ment immediately, and dropped down to
 Mozart Bend, to land in for £he night with
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

687

her old friend, Mrs. Forbes, who owned the
great horseshoe of river, holding it against
all comers, and five of whose seven hus-
bands were buried up the bank, all in a
row. Mrs. Forbes came down running, but
as she stared at the shanty boat she drew
nervously back.

  “ What boat’s that? What boat’s that,
Dona?” she cried in a shrill voice.

  “ A man name of Toskin lent me hit, ac-
count of ourn tearin’ up—mother’s daid!”
“ So I hearn—po’r gal! Lawsy! How
come hit?”

  “ Hit were a fool scoundrel, a sport name
of Rillard! He was sittin’ into his boat
pilot house, the Jungle—we drapped down
Red Town Bend—an’ yo’ know what ’tis,
the sawyers an’ snags along that cavin’
bank. Down we drapped—up a sawyer
jumped. Lawsy—Lawsy!”

  Dona sobbed, and the little, red-haired
river woman put her arm around the dis-
consolate girl. They went up to Mrs.
Forbes’s small red shanty boat on its skids,
and Dona finished her narrative.

  “ I jumped to the Jungle—throwed off
the line, or hit ’d be’n pulled oveh, too!
He, the fool, stood theh, jaw-drapped an’
wide-eyed! Theh I was—a lonely bend—
no boat of mine! On hisn’s boat. I could
have jumped in, but—shucks—hit had four
staterooms, an’ I had one, ’sides my thirty-
two automatic I always wear. Wre kept a
trippin’ down. ’Course theh’s a lot of
talk—”

    I hearn hit. The newspapers has stories
about hit—”

  l' An’ that fool ’lowed nobody’d know
but shanty boaters! He's always ’fraid he’d
be found out—no idea but as to him.
’Course I didn’t count, not to hisn mind!
We drapped into Montgomery Chute, an’
Mad Tom’s landed into Arkansaw Old
Mouth, but he didn’t get to see me. I come
by late an’ dusky. Hyar I be, Mother
Forbes! ”

“ An’ glad I am yo’ come. But that boat,
missy! Lawsy! Yo’ don’t sleep into hit?”
“ I’m not afeared to; theh’s a picture
drawin’ an’ photographin’ fellow drapped
down into hit—”

  “ Yo’ took hit?”

  “ When he handed hit to me, sayin’ I was

welcome! Shucks—I’d took a pizen rat-
tlesnake from him—”

  “Sho!” Mrs. Forbes exclaimed, and
Dona blushed as she realized the signifi-
cance of what she had said.

   “ Hit were jes’ friendly, so’s I needn’t
to stay on the Jungle any more. I took hit
—at Arkansaw City, of course, I kin draw
money, an’ outfit again—”

  Despite Mrs. Forbes’s objections, Dona
went down on board the boat to sleep that
night. It was a late hour, for Mrs. Forbes
and she had had many things to talk over.
Going up the pretty plank gangway, serv-
ing as a spar to hold the bow off the bank,
she hauled taut the port bow line, which
was slack, and felt the stern line and found
it run out in good water in the eddy. En-
tering the cabin, she locked both doors and
sat down in the lamp light and felt the
loneliness of her life now.

  Her mother had gone utterly out of her
life, like the light of a candle. She was
alone in the world, but self-reliant. That
wasn’t it. The companionship had been
sufficient. They had enjoyed the river liv-
ing; they had braved its jeopardies, and
they had lived on after her father had mys-
teriously disappeared, as men do. She was
sure he was dead, and she suspected it had
been murder done by Mad Tom or his
pirates, to force her to be his wife. Then
Rillard’s unpardonable negligence had be-
reaved her. In her heart she hated him,
almost equal to her hate for Mad Tom.

  Now Toskin loomed in her young, free
mind. He had brought, first ot all, under-
standing to the river. Knowing the mur-
der boat for what it was, he had dared it
with true courage—a thousand miles of
river was talking about Toskin’s “ wrestling
with the spirits.”

  In the quiet, in the gloom, she heard
them now; they were walking, this night;
Rillard, fool up-the-banker that he was,
had heard them in his mean way, and they
had inspired him to his—she laughed—silly
kiss, with its prompt punishment by the
coming of Mad Tom. Real, permissible
kisses aren’t interrupted down old Missis-
sip’. Her chuckle faded into a vague and
irresistible regret.

   Old Mississip’ had never permitted her to
688

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 have a real lover, one who was respectable.
 She was quite willing, but none had come
 along. Toskin had befriended her; thinking
 of him, she listened to the river, and heard
 the murmuring of the ripples and the un-
 dertone of the mighty flood.

   Listening, she began to hear other sounds,
 not meant for her ears. She heard voices
 and knew them to be the marching host that
 so often parades up and down the mid-cur-
 rent, a motley throng, and among them in
 her mind’s ears, she heard a familiar voice.

   Trembling, reluctant, unable to resist the
 impulse, she put out the light and opened
 wide the window curtain, pulled aside the
 slide window and looked over the stern at
 the sweep of the river horseshe bend. It
 Avas a grand night scene—a few of the
 brighter stars shone faintly through the
 thick air, and the river surface, from shore
 to shore, was glowing with rippling radi-
 ance.

   There the girl’s true eyes saw the host,
 as never before; she saw the throng of spec-
 tral' people strolling up and down, some in
 their quaint old customs, some in Indian
 raiment, some recent and not yet old-fash-
 ioned. She saw among them, as plainly as
 though she were but a hundred yards dis-
 tance, her mother.

   “ I don’t believe it! I don’t believe it!”
 Dona whispered to herself. “ Oh—mother
 —is it you?”

   The figure stopped and turned to look.
It was Mrs. Voane. She was a beautiful
woman; her eyes were full of luster, and
they were seeing eyes; she gave Dona a
perfectly eloquent look, turned and saw
some one coming through the throng, and
walked to meet him.

   It was her father. Voane was dead. He
was coming, crowding his way through the
press of people, but careful of the little
children who played—children of Indians,
of French, of Spanish, of pioneers, of shanty
boat, ark, steamboat people—in his way.
He came to her mother, and the two
embraced; for an instant Dona w'as hurt
and bewildered—then the two turned and
looked at her. For a long time they looked
across that eddy and the daughter read in
their eyes the things they were thinking;
they were loving her—they were smiling at

 her with understanding—they were infinite-
 ly kind and comprehending.

   They stood there while the others walked
 up and down beyond them. One of the
 strollers came swaggering along, and Dona
 recognized him as he came to her parents.
 He was a handsome, youngish kind of man
 —bold and laughing in his careless way;
 now she saw him look at her, his eyes twin-
 kling—and as he pointed to her and the
 boat, she shivered with apprehension, which
 quickly ceased, however.

   She was on board his boat—Clell Wil-
 monds's boat. He was the man who had
 built it, owned it, tripped the river in it. and
 been murdered in it. The three talked to-
 gether, and after a time, each looking at her
 in their own ways, they strolled together
 into the throng, and, eddying in it, visible
 for a long time as they went on and on.
 greeting old acquaintances and strange peo-
 ple, they at last passed out of sight.

   Then the shades glimmered and grew in-
 distinct. There was something to be seen,
 and Dona strained her eyes trying to see
 more distinctly. But the spectral proces-
 sion mingled and melted away. The river
 was vacant from shore to shore. She saw
 the trees on yon side, and the sand bar
 point; she saw the sand bar up the river,
 the crossing down thf river.

   She heard birds singing, and started up
 with astonishment. Over the trees, across
 the river, to the east were rays of sunshine,
 and the twigs of the forest gleamed and
 shone with reflections on the dew. It was
 dawn—daybreak had come apace!

    Dona started to her feet, tears of gratitude
 flowing down her cheeks. No one in the
 up-the-bank world would ever believe that
 she had seen what had passed before her
 eyes; least of all would they believe that her
 father and mother had been united in that
 vast throng before her very eyes; but in
 her heart was such comfort as she had not
 known since that long wait for the return of
 her father had begun.

   She knew he was dead; her mother was
 dead; she alone remained of the Voanes.
 She was surprised to find in her hand a
 banjo which she had not seen—she was
 picking it, picking it gayly, and the music
 was what had started the birds a-singing.

                         3	A
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

689

  “Why, it’s my banjo what was stoled!”
she gasped.

  “ Dona! Dona Voane!” a shrill voice
hailed down the river bank. “ My Lawse!
I lowed yo’d gone plumb crazy!”

  It was Mrs. Forbes. Mrs. Forbes added
the rest to the story of that night:

  “ Gal—gal, hit’s yo’ makin’ that music?
I hearn hit an’ I heam hit—why, I ’lowed
hit were the ghostes a-walkin’! I was plumb
scairt—po’r gal! Was yo’ that lonesome,
yo’ played yo’ banjo all night? Hit's sweet,
an’ I—I was scairt. Yo’ wouldn’t b’lieve
me, but I was jes’ shore I could see ’em
walkin’. Sometimes, when I had a husband
die or git killed up I’d see ’em. But,
shucks! Hit’s jes’ dreamin’! I don’t
b’lieve in haunts an’ them sperits cornin’
back, a-tormentin’ folks, do you? If yo’
kill a man he don’t come a-hauntin’ back,
does he, gal?”

  “ I don’t think so. Probably he’s glad to
be gone.” Dona smiled, and the river wo-
man cackled and chuckled with relief.

  “ Why,” she said, “ I’d ’a’ bet yo’ was jes’
sufferin’, plumb worried an’ sorrowin’ to
death, ’ceptin’ the banjo music. Yo’ had
that banjo when yo’ drapped down three
years ago. I neveh heam such music, then;
but last night—why, gal, purty as yo’ be,
playin’ like that! I bet—I bet yo’d git to
be a show-boat gal—an’ they’d have yo’ on
the stage, to Memphis er N’Orleans. I went
to a show to X'Orleans one time I was
honeymoonin’ down. They sung, they
danced, they played; but, gal, if they was
handsome, yo’d look down on ’em all!
Lawse! Seems like yo’ grown a heap pur-
tier sincet jes’ last night! Yo’ was tired,
then. Now yo’s rested. Don’ yo’ worry—
don’ yo’ wear yo’se’f out! Be ready when
yo’ meet yo’ man to be purtier’n a blue-
jay er an oriole!”

  “Oh, I shall!” Dona laughed lightly,
and picked a dozen bars on the great banjo.

  Then she went up to eat breakfast with
Mrs. Forbes.

  “ You wouldn’t b’lieve what I’ve seen out
theh!” Mrs. Forbes said in awe.

 “You good dear!” Dona exclaimed.
“ I’m a river girl; I’d believe anything you
ever told me about it."

  Mrs. Forbes laughed, but her eyes were

   4	A

charged with awe as she looked out across
old Mississip’, sparkling and dancing in the
sunshine as the flood poured along. After
breakfast Dona drifted away down the river
toward Arkansaw City.

  She experienced little difficulty in assum-
ing charge of her own affairs. The joint
ownership which she and her mother had
taken of the property permitted her to draw
checks, buy or sell, and control the for-
tune. This done, she tripped away down
the river, her heart singing, and keeping
tune to it with her banjo and her voice.

  She was happy; she was sure; she trusted
herself to old Mississip’ like a babe trusts
itself to its mother; also, she kept her pistol
loaded and practiced with the guns that
Toskin had left on board.

  She waited now to see what old Missis-
sip’ would do next—and she laughed to the
river’s smile, happy in her brave heart and
rejoicing in her knowledge.

  “What’s a-comin’?” she asked. “Just
a singsong to dance to!”

CH.APTER IX.

THE CRAVEN LURKS.

MAD TOM and his fellows in their dull-
shaded pirate craft floated down
Scrub Grass Bend, and as the river
current carried them wandering, a touch of
a sweep enabled them to lose Toskin, the
pleasant up-the-banker, in the gray gloom.
They wanted no casual witnesses now.
Passing Montgomery Chute they debated
whether or not Rillard would run up into
White River and through Arkansaw New
Mouth by the cut off.

  “ He wouldn’t,” Mad Tom declared.
“ Softpaws don’t play no riveh tricks like
that. Besides, I don’t expect Dona’d stand
fo’ hit.”

  Accordingly, they dropped on down to-
ward Old Mouth, where they would find
people of whom to make discreet or con-
fidential inquiries. Mad Tom was snarling
with anger against Rillard. Dona Voane
would stand no nonsense from any man, but
probably Rillard knew that. He must know
it. She hadn’t killed him, so it stood to
reason he was plumb sensible.
690

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ Likely he’ll get one of them seventeen
 dollar ’n’ fifty cent ’vorces,” Mad Tom
 whined to himself, “ an’ prob’bly, account
 of him being a big feller, an’ rich, an’ re-
 spectable, an’ all them kind of things, she’ll
 marry ’im. Dona always did set a heap of
 store by men bein’ decent. Ain’t women
 the limit?”

   Memory of his attack on Rillard was sunk
 deep in Mad Tom’s consciousness. He was
 afraid, a fact that steadily made him cringe
 while he hated. The back of his neck still
 twitched and hurt where the big man’s
 thumbing had so carelessly half paralyzed
 the river rat while hoisting him over the
 stern bumper of the concert boat, to toss
 him like a mongrel dog into the gray mid-
 night eddy.

   The ease with which the strong and com-
 petent man had done it was a dead weight
 of dread on the river rat’s heart. Even
 thought of trickery from bushwhacking ad-
 vantage made him tremble at the chance of
 a trip-up. The river rat shuddered as he
 realized that the man he hated, through
 sheer competence, would have an even
 chance against any kind of treachery.
 Courage walks with justified pride on a
 broad highway along the double barriers of
 hidden, skulking cravens, and each coward
 knows the confidence is with reason, war-
 ranted by the difference between a good
 man and a mean scoundrel.

   Mad Tom feared the outcome, yet he pur-
 sued his intention. The pirates ran down
 the bank, slicked their way into Old River
 Mouth in a night mist, and, like cats, tool;
 their landings, separated by time and space,
 that chance observers might not know they
 had any interests in common. Thus they
 appeared among the dwellers of the shanty
 boat community, listening to what people
 said about one another.

   Jim Taken heard all about Mad Tom’s
 coming down the river, trying to court
 Dona Voane. Every one was talking about
 it. He passed the word to Mad Tom, who
 snarled at the exposure of his real feelings
 like a worm on a concrete sidewalk in the
 sun. The Jungle, Rillard’s motor boat, did
 not appear. Mad Tom was perturbed. The
 powerful craft could easily turn to stem the
 current back to Helena, or Memphis.

   “I’d ought ’a’ thought of that!” he
 swore.

   Then a fisherman who had been to Ar-
 kansaw City brought up word that he had
 met Dona Voane dropping down in the
 Mendova murder boat.

   “ She was smilin’-happy!” the fisherman
 declared to Mad Tom’s sharp questioning.
 “ Singing an’ playin’ her banjo—”

   “ Anybody with her on that boat?”

   “ I didn’t get to see.” The fisherman
 shook his head nervously.

   “ Why the blazes didn’t yo’ look?” Mad
 Tom cursed him. “ You blamed fool—”
 “I—I was afeared!” the fisherman re-
 plied. “ That gal don’ stan’ no nonsense
 from any man!”

   Mad Tom threw himself in his temper,
 and scurried away. He rounded up his pals,
 and over the table in his boat told them
 what had taken place.

    “ Why, hit’s that Toskin picture feller!
 That scoundrel ain’t reliable; he’s treach-
 ’rous, he is! Look’t how he come hit onto
 we uns! He jes’ drapped out that night
 an’ foun’ her, an’ now—now—”

   Mad 7’om frothed as he thought what
 was the natural sequence of events.

   “ Hit weren’t Rillard,” Mad Tom de-
 clared. Dona jes’—jes’ were took, stoled
 likely, by that smooth-actin’ picture feller!
 An’ I neveh s’pected ’im at all! Lawse—
 them still fellers—I tell you, the on’}' way
 to do, ’gin yo’ meet a still feller is plug ’im!
 Yas, suh! ”

   Mad Tom cut loose and went on down
 the river. Dona, on Toskin’s boat, was be-
 low somewhere. On the instant, thought of
 Rillard’s fine motor boat dropped from the
 anxious pirate’s mind. Comanche and Ca-
 price took no part in the proceedings. They
 merely served the grub, cleaned the boats,
 and by grunts or snickers indicated their
 understanding of what they were told to do.

   At Arkansaw City they landed in one
 boat away up at the head of the three-mile
 eddy; the other, cruising down the edge of
 the channel current, swung in at the foot
 of the eddy and ran over to make fast to the
 great log raft which was spiled and an-
 chored there for the sawmills. Mad Tom
 cast his scowling gaze across the fleet of an-
 chored and moored shanty and motor boats
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

691

in the landing, but the Mendova murder
boat was not there.

  In five minutes, from the Cunis photo-
graph boat, he learned that she had laid in
the eddy two nights while the girl trans-
acted business up the bank. Then she had
swung clear again and dropped down the
river. She was alone.

  Never in his life had Mad Tom had so
amazing and relieving a reversal of ideas.
Dona Voane had come all clear and honor-
able. She was shut of the motor boat up-
the-banker and of that picture-making,
harmless kid. He took the photographer’s
word, laughed, and both boats soon swung
away down the river full tilt.

  “ All I ask now is meetin’ Dona face to
face, fair an’ square, down some lonesome
bend!” Mad Tom laughed. “ Hi-i! I
bet shell marry me plumb grateful—”

  It was time to celebrate. He knew now
that old Mississip’ was meaning right by
him. What more would a man ask? Cer-
tainly a river pirate asks no better friend
than the river, with its night, its dark bends,
its fogs and its byways. Mad Tom ran into
’Go-Lang Island Chute, where Bisko’s still-
boat did an all-river trade, and Bisko read-
ily sold the pirates four jugs right out of the
ground, where they had been buried better
than two months. It was moonshine of tre-
mendous proof. In their anxieties and scur-
rying, the pirates had missed many oppor-
tunities to liquor up. Now, with everything
propitious, they opened a jugful, the aroma
of which killed a fly that incautiously
alighted on the top, with the cork out.

  They served the river-drip in water
glasses. Yet, after a round, Mad Tom
called a halt.

  “ Hold on! ” he ordered. “ Likely we bet-
ter go easy!”

  It was river instinct, for as he turned
to look up the river, they saw a motor boat
coming down. It drove past nearly half a
mile distant, and Mad Tom recognized it
at a mile easily. The Jungle had run by,
with whatever that might portend. The
pirate suitor of Dona Voane went into a
rage. He cursed his own companions, blam-
ing them for the stop at Bisko’s river tiger,
though he had himself proposed it. Now,
his advantage lost, he made haste to over-

take the girl again. Thus his confidence
and dejection had all his life alternated, with
senseless bursts of anger at each change of
mind.

  “You fools!” he cursed his people, and
piling into his own open launch, with spray
hood up, and his own bits of property, he
deserted them all without explanation or
good-by. This was his mood. He would,
they surmised, show up again somewhere
along the line when he needed them. He
had taken one of the jugs, and as he drove
at full speed, he took sip by sip, claiming
to stand it when he drank it sensibly as well
as any man.

  He ran into the shanty boat colony on
the bank at Greenville. He soon knew all
he wanted to know, all there was to know\
Dona had tripped past, plowing right along
down with an outboard motor over the
stem of the Mendova boat. The Jungle
was two days behind her, and a night ahead
of Mad Tom, wTho was dazed by the fact
of the outboard motor on the shanty boat.
She could beat the current in that well-
shaped craft by three to five miles an hour.
The Jungle was a swifter craft by far than
his own launch. If the sports went night
and day he was hopelessly lost astern, but
knowing sports, he suspected they wouldn’t
run nights, being afraid of the dark in that
river of questionable shadows.

  Thinking it over, he knew what Dona
Voane wras now doing. The death of her
mother made it imperative that she clear
up the questions of the property, the
amount of which he could only guess. The
fortune was considerable, dating back
through years of river saving and river
trade. Those Voane women always had
known how to take care of what they
owned, a fact that in no way detracted from
Doana’s charm.

  Fortune favored him well, as he supposed.
A brisk south wind sprang up, tossing waves
against the current and throwing his launch
about. The shanty boat could make no
headway against that storm. No river wo-
man would want to ride in such a gale,
and as he kept on plowing down, driving in
the current, in long, lonely and wild Lake
Providence Reach he saw across a sand bar
the familiar outline of the Mendova boat.
692

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

It was in Two-Way Chute, and just out-
side anchored in deep water was the Jungle.

  Mad Tom cursed as he laughed, and
swung wide to land at the head of Willow
Bank to lie in wait for the coming of dusk.
Luck favoring a man plays pretty tricks,
and Mad Tom realized that he was able at
last to clean up on this whole matter.

   He could see that probably Rillard and
Toskin w'ere being polite as they played
their hands. That was their game, which
must make Dona laugh. He would show
them, he would show her, too, and when
night at last fell he knew all there was
needful for him to know, for from the wil-
lows he had watched the boats.

   All three had taken advantage of the gale
to hunt wild geese on the outside bars.
Dona had taken them over the sand and
they had spread out on Quacking Towhead,
hiding in pits dug in the switch willows.
The geese were coming down as though they
expected the wind to change into a cold
northern storm. From his hiding place
Mad Tom saw the hunters drop nine geese,
of which Dona, in the middle blind, killed
five, Rillard two, and Toskin two.

   The hunters didn’t wait for the night
flight, but strolled together with the bird
wings flapping in the gale as they walked
around the south side of the bar, keeping
out of the sand clouds running upwind.
Dona would roast a goose, and she would
serve it, with nobody but two up-the-bank-
ers to appreciate it.

   After dark he dropped silently down the
Stem Chute to Two-Way, keeping close by
the caving sand bar on the west side, where
the current was gnawing the island. Even
night has its shadows on the river, and
Mad Tom ever sought the darkest.

   He had no plan; he had merely rage and
desire to urge him on; Rillard, Toskin, and
Dona, with their boats, were now in a deso-
lation of river back water. With luck still
favoring him, he would be shut of the two
men, and Dona, admiring his prow'ess as
well as overwhelmed by his cunning master-
fulness, would be his prize. She and her
mother had been rich, and nowr their money
would be his, too.

   “ Sho!” he whispered. “ I won’t have to
work er take chances any more.”

   They were on board the shanty boat.
 The south wind blew the odor of the baked
 goose up the chute to smite his nostrils. He
 was jealous of those two men, eating that
 delicious meat. He threw out a light mud-
 hook and swung his launch up tight against
 the low sand bank, a hundred yards from
 the cabin boat.

   He ran his hands over his shotgun, rifle
 and pistol holsters, wondering on which to
 depend. Finally he took the shotgun to
 crawl up on the bank and work his way
 down the sand through the thick growth of
 switch willows to where he could listen in
 on the merriment.

   Keen as were his ears, few words and no
 sentences reached his interpretative facul-
 ties. He could not tell what they were talk-
 ing about. He knew in his heart, however,
 that every advantage was his. The skiff of
 the two visitors was drawn up on the sand
 just below the shanty boat. The two would
 come out of the front door and walk down
 the sand ten yards to their craft when on
 their way to the Jungle.

   “ Then I’ll get ’im!” he chuckled to him-
 self.

   He opened his shotgun to make sure there
 were shells in it. Those shells contained
 twelve buckshot each, and there were five
 shells in the weapon. What two scoundrels
 could escape a fusillade of sixty lead bullets
 the size of peas? Mad Tom knew it couldn't
 be done.

   “ I mustn’t hit her,” he assured himself.
 “ She’d be mad if I wounded her, she sure
 would.”

   He shook his head, remarking:

   “ A riveh lady neveh does stand fo’ any
 gittin’ shot herself! ”

   Accordingly, he allowed to be perfectly
 sure that the girl was all clear of the shot
 before he opened on the two men.

   “ She’ll be plumb proud, havin' that big
 motor cruiser fo’ a honeymoonin’,” he
 mused. “Shucks! That man Rillard;s no
 ’count—”

   The river rat hesitated, lowering his eyes.
 The twinge was still in the back of his neck
 where Rillard had gripped and thumbed
 him. For that insult, for the ducking, for
 all that had happened Rillard deserved to
 die, and must Toskin was no ’count, and
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

693

treacherous, taking up with Dona Voane,
after knowing all about Mad Tom’s intend-
ing to marry her honorable. The lurker
hoped the two wouldn’t have a falling out
with each other, the way men do sometimes,
playing for a girl thataway.

  “ I want to take cyar of the both of
’em!” Mad Tom clicked his teeth. “I
want to ferget the looks of that las’ feller
I killed—Lawse! How them faces do come
back. Hit’s dark, an’ to-night I cain’t see
no faces—I cain’t see how they look.”

  How long he was there Mad Tom could
not tell. Time drags, yet the anticipated
moment arrives before its time in such a
place. He heard the diners suddenly start
from their chairs. He heard an exclama-
tion. He heard laughter, and then the front
door of the cabin boat was suddenly thrown
wide open as he glared, his hands grasping
his shotgun.

CHAPTER X.

AN OLD MAN’S KISS.

DENTON RILLARD was shocked im-
measurably to find that even down
on old Mississip’ he could meet one
of his own people. This Toskin had shown
a lot of good sense working on advertise-
ments. His ambition had been for special
studies, and the advertisements had paid
his way. Probably he was living on Ril-
lard’s money now. The thing was ridicu-
lous, but as he thought about the matter,
Rillard say how easy it had been that he
should meet the young man down the Mis-
sissippi. Away back yonder, Rillard had
felt the subtle appeal of wide-flowing waters,
as indicated by Toskin’s* real art in back-
grounds of the product’s display type.

  The elder adventuring man felt a pang
as he realized that he was now old, that he
had no business, no excuse, for this flight
of his into the romantic sequences of youth
and recklessness. Long since his own life
had shaped its course.

  “ I’m a fool,” he whispered in his heart.
“ Even in my temptation I called the girl
Corilla. Lord, I’m a fool!”

  He glared into the opaque waters of old
Mississip’ and heard the coiling eddies

chuckle as they flowed along. He thought
at first to blame the river for his own slip-
ping. On second thought he saw the truth.
The river had brought young Jerald Toskin
down for the girl to find and bring to Mont-
gomery Chute. And the boy, a mere strip-
ling of twenty odd and of the girl’s own age,
had given her his boat, gentleman that he
was, to relieve her in the embarrassing pre-
dicament in which the loss of her mother,
destruction of her boat and his own posi-
tion as host had left her.

  There was a pang in his heart. He was
old. Gray was in his hair. With youth he
could not now compete. He knew how kind
the river had been to him when it granted
him that pretty kiss at a moment when he
was lonely, but how quickly Mad Tom had
come to remind him of his folly!

  He was sure the girl laughed at him.
What did a kiss mean to so young a person,
anyhow? She just plagued him with mock-
ery. But the girl was not plaguing Toskin.
Her eyes had been all for the youth! Well,
they ought to be; in his day Rillard had
been specially favored. His smile changed
as he thought of Corilla. Lordy, but there
had been a girl in her day! Yes, indeed!
For that matter, she was yet.

  “ Go on, Dent!” his wife had urged him
when his tongue tied up at the thought of
being able to trip down the rivers. She knew
him; she was probably laughing at the ro-
mantic ideas in his heart, knowing them
well.

  “ Next time—we’ll go together,” he said
with sudden puzzlement. “ Sure! I’ll bet
she’d go and have as much fun—if I’d go
about it right.”

  So there he began to lay plans, schem-
ing to make his wife see his light, and come
romancing with him, somewhere away out
yonder. Corilla had been a good sport;
she was trim and swagger yet. She had
seen clear through him, and let him have his
fling.

  He drew up in a bit of hauteur toward
the old Mississip’, regarding the flood of
muddy gold and all its people with a kind
of scorn and even contempt, only to hear
the eddy chuckle and to remember the thrill
of the strange, unexpected, irresistible kiss,
which would lie warm and taunting on his
694

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

conscience forever more—a lone monument
on the grave of his temptations.

   In his heart he gave over to Toskin, tak-
ing a bit of self-congratulation as a man
might, at his self-abnegation. From that
hour he saw the distraught thoughtfulness
of the young man dreaming of the girl
whose river way and feminine beauty had
caught up his heart. They went together
down the river, Rillard playing the skipper
for the lover. The old man owed it to the girl
to see that she should be forever cared for,
now that on his carelessness rested the tragic
consequence of the river wreck. The girl
might never forgive that. She ought not to.

   At Arkansaw City she had left letters for
Toskin, one mailed the morning of her ar-
rival, the other the morning of her depar-
ture. He did not show them to Rillard.
He merely said it was her hurry to see about
her mother’s property in Vicksburg and
New Orleans. She couldn’t wait. Yet she
had urged that he follow her.

   “ I’ll run you down,” Rillard said, add-
ing: “ She’s a fine girl, Toskin. She’s edu-
cated—and wise, too.”

“ I know.” Toskin nodded. “ But she
don’t think much of—of up-the-bankers!”
“ Don’t let that worry you,” Rillard ex-
claimed. “ There’s one softpaw she thinks
a lot about, I know.”

  “ You—you think?” Toskin turned won-
deringly.

  “ 1 know,” the man laughed, giving the
motor a bit more gas to gain speed on the
current another mile an hour against the ris-
ing south wind.

  Thus they ran into Lake Providence
Reach and overtook Dona, who was trying
to buck the wind, but it was too rough, even
to tow behind the Jungle. They ran in on
her suggestion to have a goose hunt. And
they sat down to a wonderful goose supper,
Dona having a great bird which she had
shot the day before.

   Rillard would have remained clear of the
supper had not Dona insisted on his pres-
ence. This was the second evening there.
By signs the old man knew the youngsters
were agreed. He tried mightily to act sur-
prised wrhen Dona told him that she and
Toskin were going to marry at Vicksburg.

   “ Fine! ” he cried. “ That’s»fine! ”

  The supper eaten,.clear to the pumpkin
pie, Rillard said he would be going. The
two urged him not to so soon but he smiled.

   “ I’ll take the tender over,” he said.

   “ I’ll come over in her boat,” Toskin de-
clared confidantly.

  “ You might ask me” she exclaimed, and
all laughed.

  Rillard opened the door to step out on
the bow platform. As the light flashed from
the oil lamp gas burner, he blinked out into
the darkness thus illumined over the sand
bar. As he did so he saw a greenish-purple
flare straight ahead of him close to the sand,
W'here a log was lying on the ground.

  The man knew that flash. It was a pair
of eyes. He had seen game by fire light
jacked—deer, coons,possum andeven a wild-
cat’s eyes, so he knew this was some animal
out there in the darkness of the gale. Some
look in those eyes startled the man into in-
stant action. He felt their menace, and he
knew the vacancy of the bar—no legitimate
thing would be thus lying out watching the
shanty boat.

  He drew Dona’s revolver from the Chey-
enne holster, and with the swift leap of long-
practiced, boyish play-shooting, he leveled
the weapon and on the instant fired. It was
instinctive impulse. It was, too, more than
this—the habitual alertness that one comes
to have when old Mississip’ is in a mood to
instruct its children in watchfulness.

   As he fired there was the crash and flare
of a gun out there in the night. A charge
of shot slammed past them.

  “ Ouch!” Rillard exclaimed, and dashed
toward the bushwhacker, firing as he ran.

  Dona caught up a rifle from the corner
of the cabin, and Toskin took it as he, too,
ran to back up Rillard. The girl closed the
door.

   “ All right!” Rillard cried as he threw a
flashlight beam on the ground behind the
drift log. “ I got him!”

  Every advantage had been with Mad
Tom Maiton. He had figured it all out
with meticulous care. One thing alone had
escaped his attention—was the fact that
his own eyes would flare brightly in the dark
wThen the boat door opened. He had waited
to shoot the two men, but as he glared the
fire of his eyes had betrayed him.
THE WAY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

695

  “Good Lord, it’s a man!” Rillard cried
over and over again, and then he added:
“ I’ve killed a man! I’ve killed a man!”
“And a good job of it!” the river girl
choked. “ He ’lowed to bushwhack us all.
Lawse! What shooting! Plumb center in
the haid!”

   She discovered a trickle of blood on Ril-
lard’s face. One of the high-thrown shots
had grazed his scalp, parting his hair.

  “We better pull right out!” Dona ex-
claimed.

  “ No.” Rillard shook his head. “ I
won't run on a thing like this. We’ll have
to find the coroner or sheriff—authorities!”
“ Yes, that’s best! ” Toskin nodded.

  “ Probably they’d catch us if we run,
too,” Dona added.

   In the morning they found the river rat’s
launch, and Rillard, accompanied by Tos-
kin, went down to town, where they told a
deputy, and through him reached the sheriff
and coroner. The three, and a posse, went
up to the scene of the tragedy.

  “ Sho! ” Sheriff Corton exclaimed. “ I
know that scoundrel! I had him six years
ago, when I was deputy, for entering and
robbing. He broke jail. That man needed
killin’, he did! ’Course we’ll inquest ’im,
but I expect he’d better be’n killed long
since! You’re shore lucky, Mr. Man, that
charge of buckshot didn’t come three inches
lower— yes, indeed! ”

   The two witnesses testified at the cor-
oner's inquest. Mad Tom Maiton had tried
to commit crime, tried to kill Rillard, and
meant no good toward either Dona or
Toskin.

   The coroner’s jury brought in a verdict of
justifiable homicide, with which the prose-
cutor concurred. Rillard, trembling, and
with tears in his eyes thanked them all. Old
Mississip’ had overwhelmed him with its
menace. He had thought the eyes were a
wildcat’s when he fired, but he let it go that
he had fought a duel with a man—and won.

   “ I’m leaving the river,” he told the two
when they were back on their boats.
“ Here’s where I quit. Toskin, I’m leaving
the Jungle in your charge. I haven’t any
confidence in that blamed Mendova murder
boat. I’m not superstitious, but I’ve had

THE

experience! You take the Jungle—you and
Dona, here. Burn that blamed shanty
boat!”

  “ Yes—but—” Toskin hesitated, glanc-
ing at Dona.

  “ Well,” she smiled, “ we don’t have to
go clear to Vicksburg—right down below
is Lake Providence—1 expect—”

  “Fine!” Rillard declared. “Clear out
that old shanty boat.”

  They carried the outfit, equipment, and
other useful things on board the Jungle.
They gave the furniture to darkies who were
up the bank, and even offered them the
shanty boat, but they wouldn't have it. A
half gallon of kerosene in the cabin, and a
wadded up newspaper set on fire thrown
into the splash started the flames. The boat
swung down the river, and smoking dark,
burned itself out within five miles.

  In the meanwhile the Jungle tripped on
down to Lake Providence. They sparred
off at the eddy below the steamboat ware-
house and went uptown. The justice of the
peace was right glad to welcome them. He
sure was glad when these shanty boaters
came to town a-marrying. According to his
judgment, and generally speaking, they all
Ought to get married. Personally, he was
just plumb glad to ’commodate couples.

  Rillard was sure the justice had said it
just the way it ought to be. He hesitated
when the bride turned to him expectantly.

  “ I wish you all the happiness in the
world,” he said, kissing her, and when he
saw the Jungle beyond as they went over
the levee he added: “ Now, Dona, this man
of yours has talent and ability, even some
reputation. Don’t you let him waste them!
He’s an artist, you know, and he mustn’t
be wasted. The world needs him—”

   “ I’ve two half hitches and a line bite on
him,” she laughed, “ and when I tie in,
’tisn’t to a willow stake, but good ash.
We’ll bring the Jungle home come spring.
When we come we’ll sure know what’s
what—”

  “Good luck!” Rillard called, throwing
the last line to the girl as the Jungle edged
clear of the eddy.

  She laughed as she threw him an old
man’s kiss.

END.
By RAY CUMMINGS

Author of “The Golden Atom,” etc.

WHAT HAS OCCURRED IN PART /.

ON March Q, 1941, a strange vehicle, capable of traveling through space, lands in Wyoming.
From it emerged a band of inhabitants of Mercury, bent upon the conquest of the earth.
They devastate the surrounding region with a mysterious ray.

    Alan Newland, son of a professor who has warned the world of a possible invasion from Mer-
cury, discovers on an island in a Florida river a girl, much like those of earth, except that she has
wings. She, too, has come from Mercury. He brings her home. Meanwhile his friend, Bob
Trevor, a reporter,, has been captured by the invaders in Wyoming.

CHAPTER VIII.

THE ESCAPE.

r[E Mercutians all regarded me cu-
riously as we came among them. By
the respect they accorded Tao, and
his attitude toward them, I decided he was
the leader of the entire party. I stopped,
wondering what would happen next. The
man guarding me was still close at hand.
Tao spoke a few words to him and then

moved away. My guard immediately sat
down. I saw nothing was required of me
at the moment, and sat down also.

  I had opportunity now to examine the
strange things and people about me more
in detail. The Mercutians all seemed to
be of the same short, squat, red-haired type.
Tao was, indeed, the only one I saw who
had black hair; and he was the tallest,
and by far the most commanding looking
figure of them all.

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 21.

696
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

697

  They wore several different costumes, al-
though the garment of white fur was the
most common. A few were dressed in the
black costume of the guard in the gully.
Still others were garbed only in short, wide
trousers and shirts of a soft leather, with
legs bare from the knee down, and with
leather buskins on their feet.

  The light-ray was set up near the river,
on a metallic structure supporting a small
platform some thirty feet above the ground.
A ladder up one side gave access to this
platform from below. The light itself came
from a cubical metallic box, perhaps six
feet square, suspended above the platform
in a balancing mechanism that allowed it
to swing in all directions.

  All the metal of this apparatus, the pro-
jector, the platform and its framework, was
apparently of the same kind; it had the
appearance of burnished copper. The whole
seemed fairly complicated, but not unlike
a huge searchlight would appear if mounted
that way.

  Coming out of the projector and running
down to the ground were black wires, which
led to a metallic box a few feet away. This
box was rectangular in shape; six feet long,
perhaps, two feet broad, and the same in
depth. I judged it to be the dynamo or
battery from which the projector was sup-
plied with the light-ray.

  A short distance back from the river I
saw what appeared to be a small mortar,
which I assumed w§is for the sending of the
light-rockets, or bombs. Several other light-
ray projectors, sections of their supporting
structures, and the unassembled parts of
other apparatus, were lying scattered about
the ground. A considerable number of the
Mercutians were laboriously bringing out of
the vehicle still more apparatus.

  It was obvious to me then that they were
only just getting started in their offensive
and defensive preparations. This I could
easily understand when I had watched for
a moment the activities going on. All of
the apparatus which they were engaged in
bringing out and assembling was of metal,
and it was so extremely heavy here on
earth that they could hardly handle it.

   Standing on the platform beside the light-
ray projector were two men evidently in

charge of it at the moment. They were
dressed in black, with black gloves, al-
though without helmets. I noticed that
they had little pads over their ears, with
wires running from them down to a small
box at the waist.

  Once I saw one of them look up sharply,
as though he had heard something; and,
following the wave of his hand, I saw the
tiny black-garbed figure of a man on the
higher ground behind the gully through
which we had come. I reasoned then that
this was a lookout stationed there, and that
he was directing the action of the light by
some form of wireless telephony.

   For perhaps an hour I sat there, with my
guard near by watching me. I was sorry,
now that I found myself in the midst of
. these enemies, that I had not made a de-
termined effort to escape earlier in the day,
when there would have been only four of
them to cope with.

  I realized that I didn’t know any more
now about the power this guard had over
me than I had at the beginning. He cer-
tainly looked inoffensive, sitting there, but
the very calmness with which he watched
me made me feel I would be taking a des-
perate chance in attempting to escape. I
decided then to wait until nightfall and to
watch a favorable opportunity to break
away.

   Under cover of darkness, if once I could
get out of their sight, I was satisfied they
would never catch me. It was my plan to
strike back to Garland. I had noticed care-
fully the lay of the land coming over, and
believed I could find my way back. Then,
with the car or the plane that was there in
the garage, I could get back to Billings.

  These thoughts were running through my
mind when Tao abruptly presented himself
before me and ordered me to get up. I
did so, smiling in as friendly a fashion as
I could manage. He then made me assist
in the work of carrying the heavy pieces
of apparatus. Apparently he was deter-
mined that I, as an earth man, should work
hard, since the Mercutians were so heavily
handicapped by the gravity of my planet.

I concluded that it would be my best policy
to help them all I could—-that by so doing
they might relax a little in their watchful-
698

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

i

ness, and thus enable me to get away that
night.

  I signified to Tao my understanding of
what he was after, and made them all see
my entire readiness and ability to help. For
the rest of the afternoon I was dragging
about from place to place, carrying the pro-
jectors to the various positions where they
had decided to put them up. It seemed
to be their plan to establish some twenty
or thirty projectors around the vehicle;
they were setting them all at points about
a hundred yards away from it. These pro-
jectors differed in size and shape. Some
were cubical, others pyramid-shaped, open
at the base as though to send out the light
in a spreading ray.

  I saw now, when I had a chance to in-
spect the projectors closer, that they were
black outside and like burnished copper in-
side, to reflect the light. I judged that this
black covering must have been like the
black suits worn by some of the men, and
that it was impervious to the light-ray.
Near the center of each projector was a
coil of wire. The wires from outside ran
to it, and across the open face of the pro-
jector a large number of fine lateral wires
ran parallel, very close together.

  These were about all the details I no-
ticed. I wanted to remember them, al-
though they conveyed very little to me, be-
cause I realized all this I was seeing might
prove of immense help to the authorities
when I got back to Billings.

  Night came, and I was still at work.
Tao seemed tremendously pleased at what
I was doing, and I noticed with satisfac-
tion that his attitude toward me seemed
gradually changing. My guard still fol-
lowed me about, but he did not watch me
quite so closely now, I thought.

  My help, that afternoon, was consider-
able. I was by far the strongest man in
the camp; and, more than that, I was able
to move about so much faster than they
that I could do things in a few moments
that would have taken them many times as
long.

  Tao personally directed most of my ef-
forts. He told me where to take the things,
and I took them, smilingly, and always
coming back to him for new orders. I

moved so fast, indeed, that my guard had
difficulty in keeping close to me. Several
times I experimented and found that I could
get away from him quite a little distance
without a protest, either from him or from
Tao.

  As it began to grow dark, they lighted
up the camp. This was accomplished by
little metallic posts that had been set around
at intervals. Each had a tiny coil of wire
suspended at its top, which became incan-
descent and threw out a reddish-green light.
Around each light was a square black wire
cage some three feet in diameter. I con-
jectured that these lights used the same
ray as the projectors, only in a different
form, and that the cage was to protect any
one from going too close. The light from
these illuminators was much the same in
aspect as the ray, except that it seemed
to diffuse itself readily and carried only a
comparatively short distance.

  The scene now, under this red-green
glare, was weird in the extreme. The work
all about me went on steadily. The Mer-
cutians were all dressed in white furry gar-
ments now—I concluded because of the cold
—with the exception of those who had on
the suits and helmets of black.

  The reddish-green light made them all
appear like little gnomes at work. Indeed,
the whole scene, w7ith its points of color in
the darkness, and the huge monstrous shad-
ows all about, was more like some fantastic
picture out of a fairy book than a scene on
this earth.

   Soon after nightfall Tao stopped me, and
one of his men brought me something to
eat. I still had the slices of bread and
meat in my pocket, but, thinking I might
'need them later on, I kept them there.
Tao and I sat down near one of the lights
and ate together. We were served by one
of the men. My guard still kept close at
hand.

  The food was nothing more than hard
pieces of baked dough and a form of sweet
something like chocolate. For drink there
was a hot liquid quite comparable to tea.
This was served us in small metal cups with
handles that seemed to be insulated from
the heat.

  This meal was brought to us from in-
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

699

side the vehicle. While we were eating I
could see many of the Mercutians going
inside and coming out with pieces of this
food in their hands, eating as they worked.
Quite obviously the business of assembling
their apparatus was uppermost in the minds
of all of them.

  The whole atmosphere about the place,
I realized now, in spite of the opposite ef-
fect their dragging footsteps gave, was one
of feverish activity. When we had eaten
Tao seemed willing to sit quiet for a while.
My efforts to talk to him amused us both
greatly, and I noticed with satisfaction that
he seemed to trust me more and more.

  Finally my guard spoke, asking permis-
sion, I judged, to leave us and go have his
dinner. My heart leaped into my throat
as I saw him go, leaving me alone with
Tao. I concluded that now, if ever, was
my opportunity. Tao trusted me—seemed
to like me, in fact. No one else in the
camp was paying the least attention to us.
If only I could, on some pretext, get myself
a reasonable' distance away from him I
would make a run for it.

  I was turning this problem over in my
mind when it was unexpectedly solved for
me. A low throbbing, growing momentar-
ily louder, sounded from the air—the hum
of an airplane motor. I think Tao noticed
it first—I saw him cock his head to one
side, listening.

  After a moment, as the sound increased,
he climbed to his feet and shouted an order
to the man nearest us.

  The night had clouded over; it was un-
usually dark. I knew that a plane without
lights was approaching. Work about the
camp stopped; every one stood listening. I
looked up at the light-ray platform. The
two men there were swinging the light back
and forth, sweeping the sky.

  Suddenly the sound ceased; the plane’s
motor had been shut of. Almost at the
same instant the light-ray picked up the
plane. It was several thousand feet in the
air and almost over our heads, coming down
in a spiral. A moment more and the light-
ray swung away.

  The plane burst into flame, and I knew
it was falling. An explosion sounded near
at hand. The camp was in chaos imme-

diately. I faced about to look at Tao; he
had disappeared.

  I waited no longer. Turning back from
the river, I ran at full speed.

CHAPTER IX.

FUTILE ATTACKS.

THERE seemed to be no pursuit. In
a few moments I was clear of the
camp and hidden in the darkness of
the desert. I ran perhaps half a mile, then
I slowed down to a walk, completely wind-
ed. Turning, I could see behind me the
lights of the camp. I doubted if even now
they had missed me. The bomb dropped
by the airplane and the plane itself falling
almost in their midst must have plunged
them for the time into confusion.

  I kept on walking rapidly. The desert
here wras almost pathless; occasionally I
would cross a wandering wagon track, but
none of them seemed going in my direc-
tion. After a time I was not sure what
my direction was; all about me was a lu-
minous darkness—and silence.

  I found myself now almost exhausted
from my exertions of the day. I decided
to go possibly a mile farther—to be well
away from the Mercutians—and then to lie
down and sleep until daylight.

   In about fifteen minutes more I concluded
I had gone far enough, and, lying down on
the sand, was soon fast asleep. When I
awoke it was daylight, with the sun just
rising.

  With returning consciousness I looked
about me in sudden fear, but there was no
one in sight. I ate the bread and meat
I had in my pocket, and, feeling much re-
freshed, but thirsty, I started again for Gar-
land.

  I made the town soon after noon that
day. The little automobile was still stand-
ing in the garage, and I started it without
trouble. Before I left I went up to the
porch of the house.

  The bodies of Mercer and the Mercutian
were still lying there. I dragged Mercer’s
body down the steps and put it into the
back seat of the car. Then I started off.
I stuck to the main road, and went through
700

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Mantua at top speed, apprehensive that
some of the Mercutians might be there. This
town, like Garland, was completely burned.
Only the chimneys were left standing amid
piles of ashes.

  At Frannie I took on two passengers.
There was much curiosity on the part of
those I met along here, but I was unwilling
to explain, deciding it best to wait and tell
my whole story to the military authorities
at Billings.

  It was early afternoon when I got back
to Billings. This was March 12. I turned
Mercer’s body over to the police, who
promptly took me in charge. I gave them
a brief outline of what had occurred. Gen-
eral Price, whose command of the United
States military operations against the Mer-
cutians was announced to the country two
days later, had arrived that morning in
Billings by airplane. I demanded to see
him, and when my business was explained
to him he granted me an immediate inter-
view.

  General Price was a man about fifty, a
kindly gentleman of the old Southern type,
yet of thoroughly military demeanor. I
told him everything that had happened to
me in detail as complete as I possibly could.
Mercer’s body was examined that same af-
ternoon. It was found to have been drilled
completely through the chest by a hole
about the diameter of a lead pencil. This
hole did not seem to have been made by
the passage of any foreign object, but had
more the aspect of a burn. I understood
then—Mercer had been killed by a tiny
light-ray projector, with a short, effective
radius, aimed probably like a revolver.

  What I was able to tell General Price
about the Mercutians naturally was inval-
uable to him. He asked me then to remain
close to him during the forthcoming oper-
ations'. We arranged that I was on honor
to give nothing out to my paper without his
approval.

  The situation, as it appeared during the
next few days, was not one of grave danger.
We were able to gage now with fair proba-
bility of correctness the offensive strength
of our enemies. They had no means of
transportation—could only move from their
present position slowly and with extreme

difficulty. The possibility of the vehicle
itself moving occurred to us; but, as I
pointed out, the task of replacing their
heavy apparatus in it, and then reassem-
bling the apparatus in a new position, made
such a step impractical.

  The only weapon the Mercutians had
displayed so far was the light-ray in its
several forms. This seemed effective for ten
miles at most. That the Mercutians could
be attacked by our artillery and destroyed
seemed certain.

  By the 20th General Price had mobilized
some ten thousand men. They encamped
on the prairie near Billings. The artillery
was moved down to a point near the Wyo-
ming State line, about fifteen miles directly
north of the Mercutian camp.

  Six days before this, forty-eight hours
after I had returned to Billings, observa-
tion planes had reported the establishment
of two more light-rays, similar in appear-
ance to the first. During the succeeding
days others rapidly appeared. By the 20th
there were probably thirty of them alto-
gether.

  The reports stated that all were set up
within a space seemingly of a few hundred
yards. They were of different diameters;
some projected in parallel rays, others
spread out fan-shaped. These latter ap-
peared not to carry so far. The first one
that had appeared, it was judged, had the
longest effective radius of them all.

  During these days and nights preceding
the 20th the light-rockets had been fired
with increasing frequency, but none was
observed to carry over six or eight miles.
By this time the burned area for a circle
of ten miles all around the Mercutian camp
wras entirely depopulated, and no additional
destruction was reported.

  On the night of the 20th, firing by di-
rections from captive balloons, the United
States artillery began its bombardment from
the Mon tana-Wyoming line. After sending
over some twenty shells, the firing ceased.
It was learned then that they had proven
utterly ineffective. The diverging rays of
the Mercutian light had thrown a barrage
around their position. The shells striking
the light had all exploded harmlessly in the
air.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

701

  Subsequent bombardments made that
night met with no better success. The fact
became obvious then that to artillery fire
the Mercutians were impregnable. For
several days no further military operations
were attempted, with the exception of an
occasional shell futilely thrown against the
light-rays.

  The newspapers during these days were
full of discussions—scientific and otherwise
—as to how this strange enemy of mankind
ctiuld be destroyed or dislodged. This was
like no other warfare in history. The news-
paper statements gave the inference that
General Price was entirely at a loss how to
proceed.

  As a matter of fact, the press was quite
correct in that assumption; and, since the
Mercutians were making no offensive moves,
General Price decided to do nothing until he
was better informed.

  I was fortunate enough to be present the
next day at a conference the general had
with severa. scientific men who had come
to Billings to meet him. It was the opin-
ion of these men of science that no artillery
fire could penetrate the light-barrage the
Mercutians had thrown about them. No
airplane attack was practical, and to at-
tack them from the ground with infantry
would be absurd.

  On the other hand, it seemed obvious
that the Mercutians could make no offensive
move either. They had probably already
done all the damage that they could. If
matters were allowed to remain as they
now were—thus avoiding the useless sacri-
fice of men—inevitably the time would
come when the food supply the Mercutians
had brought with them would be exhausted.
Meanwhile, if the invaders decided to move
in their vehicle to another location, they
could not do so suddenly without abandon-
ing their apparatus.

  Any lessening in the number of light-
rays in operation could be taken as an in-
dication that a move of this kind was in
preparation, and the warning would give
General Price time to execute any attack
that in the meantime might be planned.

  It was decided then to remain compara-
tively inactive and await developments from
the opposite side.

  During the three months that followed
this decision artillery bases were located
at intervals on a circumference of about
fifteen miles around the Mercutian center.
These were all on desert country. Lines
of communication between them were es-
tablished, and the air above was thorough-
ly patrolled night and day.

, The ten thousand men under General
Price it was not thought necessary or ad-
visable to augment. They were deployed
around this circumference in front of the
artillery, nearer the ten-mile limit. Ma-
chine-gun outposts, manned by volunteers
exclusively, were established in Garland,
Mantua and other points within the area
controlled by the light. These were for the
purpose of preventing, or reporting, any
possible movements on foot of the Mercu-
tians.

  During this time the government was,
naturally, subjected to much harsh criti-
cism for its waiting attitude. It was sug-
gested that armored tanks—relics of the
World War—could be put into commission.
These, under cover of darkness, could be
used to rush the Mercutian position. This
obviously was an absurd plan, since the
light-ray would instantly raise the tempera-
ture of the metal composing the car to such
a height that the men inside would be killed
-—not to mention the fact that all explosives
in the car would be instantly detonated.

  Another suggestion was that a night raid
be made upon the outposts of the camp by
a few men armed with machine guns fired
from the shoulder, in an effort to capture
one of the Mercutians garbed in a suit im-
pervious to the light. With this suit even
one man with a machine gun would prob-
ably be able to clean out the Mercutian
camp.

  This plan evoked much favorable com-
ment. This black material, once in our pos-
session, could be analyzed and possibly be
duplicated in quantity by us. It seemed
the logical way of making progress.

  But, unfortunately, conditions around
the Mercutian camp at present were not
the same as that night when I escaped. At
that time it would have been feasible; now
it was impossible, for all the invaders were
within the small circle of projectors, and
702

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

the ground outside this circle was never
free from the diverging rays of the light.
Also, as one newspaper article replied, even
with such a suit of armor a man with a
machine gun could do little, for the light
would instantly render useless the gun it-
self.

  So the controversy went on, and General
Price waited, knowing that each day must
bring the enemy nearer starvation. Such
was the condition of affairs in the latter
part of June.

  Then, one morning, I received a telegram
from Alan Newland in Florida. I had been
corresponding with him at intervals, but he
had never given me a hint of what had hap-
pened down there.

  The telegram read:

Important Mercutian development here.

   Keep absolutely secret. Join us here at once.

   Answer.

  I wired him immediately. Three days
later I was at Bay Head.

CHAPTER X.

MIELA’S STORY.

WHEN I reached the little Florida
town Alan was there to meet me.
He would have none of my eager
questions, but took me at once by launch
to their bungalow. No one was on the
porch when we landed, and we went im-
mediately into the livings room. There I
found Beth and Professor Newland talking
to this extraordinary girl from another
world, of whose existence, up to that mo-
ment, I had been in complete ignorance.
She was dressed especially for my coming,
they told me afterward, exactly as she had
been that morning when Alan found her.
They wanted to confound me, and they
succeeded.

  I stood staring in amazement while Beth
quietly introduced me. And Miela spread
her wings, curtsied, and replied in a quaint,
soft little voice: “ I am honored, sir.”
Tlhen she laughed prettily and, extending
her hand, added: “ How do you do, Bob—
my friend?”

  When I had partially recovered from my

astonishment Miela put on the big blue-
cloth cape she wore constantly to cover her
wings. Then Alan and Beth plunged into
an excited explanation of how he had found
Miela, and how all this time she had re-
mained in seclusion with them there study-
ing their language.

  “You never have seen such assiduous
young people,” Professor Newland put in.
“ And certainly she has been a wonderful
pupil.”

  He patted Miela’s hand affectionately;
but I noticed then that his eyes were very
sad, as though from some unvoiced trouble
or apprehension.

  They had decided, the professor said, to
keep the girl’s presence a secret from the
world until they had learned from her in
detail what her mission was. The vehicle
in which she had come was still on the
island up the bayou. Alan had stationed
there three young men of Bay Head whom
he could trust. They were living on the
island, guarding it.

  During these two months while Miela,
with uncanny rapidity, was mastering their
language, the Newlands had of course
learned from her all she had to tell them.
The situation in Wyoming did not necessi-
tate haste on their part, and so they had
waited. And now, with a decision reached,
they sent for me.

  That evening after supper we all went
out on the bungalow porch, and Miela told
me her story. She spoke quietly, with her
hands clasped nervously in her lap. At
times in her narrative her eyes shone with
the eager, earnest sincerity of her words;
at others they grew big and troubled as
she spoke of the problems that were har-
assing her world and mine—the inevitable
self-struggles of humanity, whatever its en-
vironment, itself its own worst enemy.

  “ I am daughter of Lua,” Miela began
slowly, “ of the Great City in the Country
of Light. My mother, Lua, is a teacher of
the people. My father, Thaal, died when
still I was a child. I—I came to your
earth—”

  She paused and, turning to Beth, added
appealingly:

  “ Oh, there is so much—to begin—how
can I tell—”
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

703

  “ Tell him about Tao,” Beth said.

  “ Tao!” I exclaimed.

  “ He leads those who came to your earth
in the north,” Miela went on. “ He was
my ”—she looked to Alan for the word—
“ my suitor there in the Great City. He
wished me for his wife—for the mother of
his children. But that—that was not what
I wished.”

  “ You’d better tell him about conditions
in your world first, Miela,” said Alan. He
spoke very gently, tenderly.

  I had already seen, during supper, how
he felt toward her; I could readily under-
stand it, too, for, next to Beth, she seemed
the most adorable woman I had ever met.
There was nothing unusually strange about
her, when her wings were covered, except
her quaint accent and sometimes curious
gestures; and no one could be with her
long without feeling the sweet gentleness of
her nature and loving her for it.

  “ Tell him about your women,” Beth
added.

  I noticed the affectionate regard she also
seemed to have for Miela; and I noticed,
too, that there was in her face that vague
look of sorrow that was in her father’s.

  The habitable world of Mercury, Miela
then went on to tell me, was divided into
three zones—light, twilight and darkness.
There was no direct sunlight in the Light
Country—only a diffused daylight like the
light on our earth when the sky is clouded
over. The people of the Light Country,
Miela’s people, were the most civilized and
the ruling race.

  In the twilight zone around them, grading
back to the Dark Country, various other
peoples dwelt, and occasionally warred with
their neighbors for possession of land in the
light.

  In the center of the Light Country, di-
rectly underneath the sun—that is, where
the sun would always appear near the
zenith—was the Fire Country. Here, ow-
ing to violent storms, the atmospheric en-
velope of the planet was frequently dis-
turbed sufficiently to allow passage for the
sun’s direct rays. Then would ensue in
that locality, for a limited time, a heat so
intense as to destroy life. This Fire Coun-
try was practically uninhabited.

  “ You see, Bob,” Alan interrupted, “ the
dark part of Mercury—that is the side that
continually faces away from the sun—is
also practically uninhabited. Only strange
animals and savages live there. And the
twilight zones, and the ring of Light Coun-
try, with the exception of its center, are
too densely populated. This has caused
an immense amount of trouble. The Twi-
light People are an inferior race. They have
tried to mix with those of the Light Coun-
try. It doesn’t work. There’s been trouble
for generations; trouble over the women, for
one thing. Anyhow, the Twilight People
have been kept out as much as possible.
Now this fellow Tao—”

  “ Let Miela explain about the women
first,” Beth interjected.

  Then Miela went on to tell me that only
the females of Mercury had wings—given
them by the Creator as a protection against
the pursuit of the male. At marriage, to
insure submission to the will of her hus-
band, a woman’s wings were clipped. For
more than a generation now there had been
a growing rebellion on the part of the wom-
en against this practice. In this movement
Miela’s mother, Lua, was a leader. To
overcome this masculine desire for physical
superiority and dominance which he had
had for centuries seemed practically impos-
sible. Yet, Miela said, the leaders of the
women now felt that some progress was
being made in changing public sentiment,
although so far not a single man had been
found who would take for mate a woman
with wings unclipped.

  This was partly from personal pride and
partly because the laws of the country
made such a union illegal, its parties moral
outlaws, its children illegitimate, and thus
not entitled to the government benefits be-
stowed upon all offspring of legitimate par-
entage. It was this man-made law the wom-
en were fighting, and of recent years fight-
ing more and more militantly.

  This was the situation when Tao sud-
denly projected himself into public affairs
as the leader of a new movement. Tao
had paid court to Miela without success.
He was active in the fight against the wom-
an movement—a brilliant orator, crafty, un-
scrupulous, a good leader. Leadership was
704

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

to him purely a matter of personal gain.
He felt no deep, sincere interest in any
public movement for any other reason.

  Interplanetary communication had be-
come of latter years a possibility; science
had invented and perfected the means. So
far these vehicles had only been used for
short trips to the outer edge of the at-
mosphere of Mercury—trips that were
giving scientific men much valuable knowl-
edge of atmospheric conditions, and which
it was thought would ultimately enable
them to counteract the storms and make the
Fire Country habitable. No trips into space
had been made.

  Tao now came forward ■with the proposi-
tion to undertake a new world conquest—-
a conquest of Venus or the earth. These
planets recently had been observed from
the vehicles. This, he said, would solve
the land question, which, after all, was
more serious than the clipping of women’s
wings.

  He found many followers—adventurers,
principally, to whom the possibilities for
untold personal gain in such a conquest ap-
pealed. Then abruptly the women took
part. Dropping for the time their own
fight, they opposed Tao vigorously. If
Venus or the earth were inhabited, as it
was thought they were, such an expedi-
tion would be a war against humanity. It
would result in the needless destruction of
human life.

  In this controversy the government of the
Light Country remained neutral. But the
women finally won, and Tao and his fol-
lowers, a number of them men of science,
were all banished by the government, under
pressure of popular sentiment, into the Twi-
light Country.

  Here Tao’s project fell upon fertile
soil. The Twilight People had every reason
to undertake such a conquest; and Tao be-
came their leader in preparing for it. These
preparations were known in the Light Coun-
try. The government made no effort to
prevent them. It was, indeed, rather glad
of the possibility of being rid of its dis-
turbing neighbors.

  Only the women were concerned, but they
alone could do nothing, since by principle
they were as much opposed to offensive

warfare against the Twilight People as
against the possible inhabitants of the earth.
Miela paused at this point in her narrative.
The thing was getting clearer to me now,
but I could not reconcile this feeble attempt
to conquer the earth which we were then
fighting in Wyoming with the picture she
drew. I said so.

  “ She hasn’t come to that,” Alan broke
in. “ You see, Bob, Tao, with about a
hundred followers, was banished to the Twi-
light Country a couple of years ago. There
was plenty of brains in the party, scientific
men and such. They had only one vehicle,
but they have been at work ever since build-
ing a lot of others.

  “ This expedition of Tao to Wyoming—
with only about a hundred of the Twilight
People with him—is not intended to be an
offensive operation at all. He’s only look-
ing the situation over, finding out what
they’re up against. They decided before
they started that the light-ray would pro-
tect them from anything on earth, and they
have only come to look around.

  “ Right now up there ”—Alan leaned
forward earnestly, and in the moonlight I
could see the flush on his handsome face—
“ right now up there in the Twilight Coun-
try of Mercury they’re working their
damnedest over all kinds of preparations.
This Wyoming business this summer does
not mean a thing. Tao will quit it any
minute. You’ll see. Some morning we’ll
wake up and find them gone. Probably
they’ll destroy their apparatus, and not
bother to take it back.

  “ And then, in a year or two, they’ll be
here again. Not one vehicle next time, but
a hundred. They’ll land all over the earth
at once, not on a desert—Tao probably
only picked that this time to avoid compli-
cations—but in our big cities, New York,
Paris, London, all of them at once. That’s
what we’ve got to face.	,

  “ If Tao comes back as he plans, we have
not got a chance. That’s why Miela stole
this little vehicle and, without it being pub-
licly known in Mercury, came here to warn
us. That’s what she was after, to help us,
risked her life to warn us people of another
world.”

  Alan stopped abruptly, and, dropping to

                         4	A
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

705

the floor of the porch beside Miela, laid his
arm across her lap, looking up into her face
as though she were a goddess. She stroked
his hair tenderly, and I could see her eyes
were wet with tears.

  There was a moment’s silence. I could
not have known what Professor Newland
and Beth were thinking, but a moment later
I understood.

  Then I realized the sorrow that was
oppressing them both.

  “ What can be done?” I asked finally.

  Alan jumped to his feet. He began pac-
ing up and down the porch before us; evi-
dently he was laboring under a great ner-
vous excitement.

  “ There’s nothing to be done,” he said—

“ nothing at all—here on earth. We have
not got a chance. It’s up there the thing
has got to be fought out—up there on4
Mercury—to keep them from returning.”

  Alan paused again. When he resumed
his voice was pitched lower, but was very
tense.

  “ I’m going there, Bob—with Miela.”

  I heard Professor Newland’s sharply in-
drawn breath, and saw Beth’s dear face
suddenly whiten.

  “ I’m going there to fight it out with
them. I may come back; I may not. But
if I am successful, they never will—which is
all that matters.

  “ Miela’s mother gave her up to come
down here and help us. It is a little thing
to go back there to help us, also. If I can
help her people with their own problems, so
much the better.”

  He pulled Miela to her feet beside him
and put his arm protectingly about her
shoulders.

  “ And Miela is going back to her world
as my wife—her body unmutilated—the
first married woman in Mercury with wings
as God gave them to her!”

CHAPTER XI.

TO SAVE THE WORLD.

TWO days later Alan and Miela were
quietly married in Bay Head. She
still wore the long cloak, and no one
could have suspected she was other than a

   5	A

beautiful stranger in the little community.
When we got back home Alan immediately

made her take off the cloak. He wanted
us to admire her wings—to note their long,
soft red feathers as she extended them, the
symbol and the tangible evidence of her
freedom from male dominance.

  She was as sweet about it all as she
could be, blushing, as though to expose the
wings, now that she was married, were im-
modest. And by the way she regarded Alan,
by the gentleness and love in her eyes, I
could see she would never be above the
guidance, the dominance, of one man, at
least.

  The day before their marriage Alan had
taken me up the bayou to see the little
silver car in which Miela had come. I
was intensely curious to learn the workings
of this strange vehicle. As soon as we were
inside I demanded that Alan explain it all to
me in detail.

  He smiled.

  “ That’s the remarkable part of it, Bob,”
he answered. “ Miela herself didn’t thor-
oughly understand either the basic principle
or the mechanism itself when she started
down here.”

  “ Good Lord! And she ventured—”

  “ Tao was already on the point of leav-
ing when she conceived the idea. He had
already made one trip almost to the edge of
the earth’s atmosphere, you know, and now
was ready to start again.”

  “ That first trip was last November,” I
said. “ Tell me about that. What were
those first light-meteors for?”

  “ As far as I can gather from what Miela
says,” Alan answered, “ Tao wanted to
make perfectly sure the light-ray would act
in our atmosphere. He came—there were
several vehicles they had ready even then—
without other apparatus than those meteors,
as we called them. Those he dropped to
earth with the light-ray stored in them.
They did discharge it properly—they
seemed effective. The thing was merely a
test. Tao was satisfied, and went back to
arrange for this second preliminary venture
in which he is engaged now.”

  “ I understand,” I said. “ Go on about
Miela.”

  “ Well, she and her mother went before
706

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the Scientific Society, she calls It—the men
who own and control these vehicles in the
Light Country. They called it suicide. No
one could be found to come with her. Lua,
her mother, wanted to, but Miela would not
let her take the risk, saying she was needed
more there in her own world.

  “ As a matter of fact, the thing, while
difficult perhaps to understand in principle,
in operation works very simply. Miela
knew that, and merely asked them to show
her how to operate it practically. This
they did. She spent two days with them—
she learns things rather easily, you know—
and then she was ready.”

  I waited in amazement.

  “ For practical purposes all she had to
understand was the operation of these keys.
The pressure of the light-ray in these coils ”
—he was standing beside a row of wire
coils which in the semidarkness I had not
noticed before—“ is controlled by the key-
switches.” He indicated the latter as he
spoke. “ They send a current to the outer
metal plates of the car which makes them
repel or attract other masses of matter, as
desired.

  “ All that Miela had to understand then
was how to operate these keys so as to
keep the base of the vehicle headed toward
the earth. They took her to the outer edge
of the atmosphere of Mercury over the
Dark Country and showed her the earth.
They have used terrestrial telescopes for
generations, and since the invention of this
vehicle telescopes for celestial observation
have been greatly improved.

  “ All Miela had to do was keep the air
in here purified. That is a simple chemical
operation. By using this attractive and
repellent force she allowed the earth’s grav-
ity and the repelling power of the sur* and
Mercury to drive her here.”

  He paused.

  “ But, doesn’t she—don’t you understand
the thing in detail?” I asked finally.

  “ I think father and I understand it now
better than she does,” he answered. “ We
have studied it out here and questioned her
as closely as possible. We understand its
workings pretty thoroughly. But the exact
nature of the light-ray we do not under-
stand, any more than we understand elec-

tricity. Nor do we understand this metallic
substance which when charged with the
current becomes attractive or repellent in
varying degrees.”

  “ Yes,” I said. “ That I can appre-
ciate.”

  “ Father has a theory about the light-
ray,” he went on, “ which seems rather
reasonable from what we can gather from
Miela. The thing seems more like elec-
tricity than anything else, and father thinks
now that it is generated by dynamos on
Mercury, similar to those we use here for
electricity.”

  “ Along that line,” I said, “ can you ex-
plain why this light-ray, which will imme-
diately set anything on fire that is com-
bustible, and which acts through metal, like
those artillery shells, for instance, does not
seem to raise the temperature of the ground
it strikes to any extent?’

  “ Because, like electricity, it is dissipated
the instant it strikes the ground. The earth
is an inexhaustible storehouse and recep-
tacle for such a force. That is why the
broken country around the Shoshone River
protected Garland and Mantua from its di-
rect rays.”

  “ Tell me about the details of this mech-
anism,” I said, reverting to our original
subject. “ You say you understand its
workings pretty thoroughly now.”

  “ Yes, I do,” he admitted, “ and so does
father. But I cannot go into it now with
you. You see,” he added hastily, as though
he feared to hurt my feelings, “ the scien-
tific men of Mercury—some of them—ob-
jected to Miela’s coming, on the ground that
the inhabitants of the earth, obtaining from
her a knowledge that would enable them
to voyage through space, might take advan-
tage of that knowledge to undertake an in-
vasion of Mercury.

  “ As a matter of fact, that was a remote
possibility. I could explain to you all I
know about this mechanism without much
danger of your ever being able to build such
a car. But Miela promised them that she
would use all possible precautions, in the
event of her having any choice in the mat-
ter, to prevent the earth people learning
anything about it.

  “ Father and I have examined everything
THE FIRE, PEOPLE.

* 707

here closely. But no one else has—and I
am sure Miela would prefer no one else did.
You Understand, Bob?”

  I did understand; and of course I had to
be satisfied with that.

  “ It seems to me,” I said when, later in
the day, we were discussing affairs in Wyo-
ming, “ that with things in Mercury as we
now know they are, it would help the situa-
tion tremendously if Tao and these Twilight
People with him were prevented from ever
returning.”

  “ That's my idea exactly,” Professor
Newland agreed.

  I could see by the look on his face he
was holding on to this thought as a pos-
sibility that might make Alan’s plan un-
necessary.

  “ I’ve thought about it constantly,” the
professor said, “ ever since these facts first
came to us through. Miela. It wvuld be
important. With his expedition here a total
failure, I think we might assume that noth-
ing more would be done up there in at-
tempting to conquer the earth. I’ve tried
to make Alan see that we should give the
authorities all the information we have. It
might help—something might be accom-
plished—”

  “ Nothing would, father,” Alan inter-
rupted. “ There wouldn’t be time. And
even if this expedition of Tao’s were de-
stroyed, I don’t see why that’s any guar-
antee another attempt would not be made.
Miela doesn’t, either, and she ought to
know.

  “ Besides, don’t you see, Bob ”—he
turned to me earnestly—“ I can’t have the
eyes of the world turned on Miela and her
affairs? Why, think of it—this little wom-
an sent to Washington, questioned, photo-
graphed, written about, made sport of, per-
haps, in the newspapers! And all for noth-
ing. It is unthinkable.”

  “ You may be right, my boy,” said the
professor sadly. “ I am giving in to you,
but I still—”

  “ The thing has come to me,” said Alan.
“ A duty—a responsibility put squarely up
to me. I’ve accepted it. I’ll do my best
all the way.”

  A week after Alan and Miela were mar-
ried the report came that the Mercutians

had suddenly departed, abandoning, after
partly destroying, their apparatus. The
world for a few days was in trepidation,
fearing a report that they had landed some-
where else, but no such report came.

  Three days later Alan and Miela followed
them into space.

  Professor Newland, Beth and I went up
the bayou with them that morning they left.
We were a solemn little party, none of us
seemingly wishing to voice the thoughts
that possessed us all.

  Professor Newland never spoke once dur-
ing the trip. When the moment of final
parting came he kissed Miela quietly, and,
pressing Alan’s hand, said simply: “ Good
luck, my boy. We appreciate what you
are doing for us. Come back, some day, if
you can.”

 Then he faced about abruptly and
trudged back to the launch alone, as pa-
thetic a figure as I have ever seen. We
all exchanged our last good-bys, little Beth
in tears clinging to Alan, and then kissing
Miela and making her promise some day to
come back with Alan when he had acconn
plished his mission.

  Then they entered the vehicle. Its heavy
door closed. A moment later it rose si-:
lently—slowly at first, then with increasing
velocity until we could see it only as a
little speck in the air above us. And then,
it was gone.

CHAPTER XII.

THE LANDING ON MERCURY.

(Narrative continued by Alan Newland.)

WITH hardly more than a perceptible
tremor our strange vehicle came to
rest upon the surface of Mercury.
For a moment Miela and I stood regarding
each other silently. Then she left her sta-
tion at the levers of the mechanism and
placed her hands gently on my shoulders.
“You are welcome, my husband, here to my
world.”

  I kissed her glowing, earnest face. We
had reached our journey’s end. My work
was about to begin—upon my own efforts
now depended the salvation of that great
708

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

world I had left behind. What difficulties,
what dangers, would I have to face, here
among the people of this strange planet? I
thrilled with awe at the thought of it; and
I prayed God then to hold me firm and
steadfast to my purpose.

  Miela must have divined my thoughts,
for she said simply: “ You wall have great
power here, Alan; and it is in my heart that
you will succeed.”

  We slid back one of the heavy metallic
curtains and looked out through the thick
glass of the window. It was daylight—a
diffused daylight like that of a cloudy mid-
day on my own earth. An utterly barren
waste met my gaze. We seemed to have
landed in a narrow valley. Huge cliffs rose
on both sides to a height of a thousand
feet or more.

  These cliffs, as well as the floor'of the
valley itself, shone with a brilliant glare,
even in the half light of the sunless day.
They were not covered with soil, but
seemed rather to be almost entirely metal-
lic, copper in color. The whole visible
landscape was devoid of any sign of vege-
tation, nor was there a single living thing
in sight.

  I shuddered at the inhospitable bleak-
ness of it.

  “ Where are we, Miela?”

  She smiled at my tone. It was my first
sight of Mercury except vague, distant'
glimpses of its surface through the mist
coming down.

  “ You do not like my world?”

  She was standing close beside me, and at
her smiling words raised one of her glo-
rious red wings and spread it behind me
as though for protection. Then, becoming
serious once more, she answered my ques-
tion.

  “ We are fortunate, Alan. It is the Val-
ley of the Sun, in the Light Country. I
know it well. We are very close to the
Great City.”

  I breathed a sigh of relief.

  “ I’ll leave it all to you, little wife. Shall
we start at once?”

  Her hand pressed mine.

  “ I shall lead you now,” she said. “ But
afterward—you it will be who leads me—
who leads us all.”

  She crossed to the door fastenings. As
she loosed them I remember I heard a slight
hissing sound. Before I could reach her
she slid back the door. A great wave of air
rushed in upon us, sweeping us back against
the wall. I clutched at something for sup-
port, but the sweep of wind stopped almost
at once.

  I had stumbled to my knees. “ Miela!”
I cried in terror.

  She was beside me in an instant, wide-
eyed with fear, which even then I could see
was fear only for me.

  I struggled to my feet. My head was
roaring. All the blood in my body seemed
rushing to my face.

  After a moment I felt better. Miela
pulled me to a seat.

  “ I did not think, Alan. The pressure
of the air is different here from your world.
It was so wrong of me, for I knew. It
wras so when I landed there on your earth.”

  I had never thought to ask her that, nor
had she ever spoken of it to me. She went
on now to tell me how, when first she had
opened the door on that little Florida island,
all the air about her seemed rushing awray.
She had felt then as one feels transported
quickly to the rarified atmosphere of a great
height.

  Here the reverse had occurred. We had
brought with us, and maintained, an air
density such as that near sea level on earth.
But here on Mercury the air was far denser,
and its pressure had rushed in upon us
instantly the door was opened. Miela had
been affected to a much less extent than

I,	and in consequence recovered far more
quickly.

  The feeling, after the first nausea, the
pressure and pain in my ears ariS the roar-
ing in my head, had passed away. A sense
of heaviness, an inability to breathe with
accustomed freedom, remained with me for
days.

  We sat quiet for some minutes, and then
left the vehicle. Miela was dressed now as
I had first seen her on the Florida bayou.
As we stepped upon the ground she sudden-
ly tore the veil from her breast, spread her
wings, and, with a laugh of sheer delight,
flew rapidly up into the air. I stood watch-
ing her, my heart beating fast. Up—up
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

709

she went into the gray haze of the sky.
Then I could see her spread her great
wings, motionless, a giant bird soaring over
the valley.

  A few moments more, and she was again
beside me, alighting on the tip of one toe
with perfect poise and grace almost within
reach of my hand.

  I do not quite know what feelings pos-
sessed me at that moment. Perhaps it was
a sense of loss as I saw this woman I loved
fly away into the air while I remained
chained to the ground. I cannot tell. But
when she came back, dropping gently down
beside me, ethereal and beautiful as an
angel from heaven itself, a sudden rush of
love swept over me.

  I crushed her to me, glorying in the
strength of my arms and the frailness of
her tender little body.

  When I released her she looked up into
my eyes archly.

  “ You do not like me to fly? Your wife
is free—and. oh, Alan, it is so good—so
good to be back here again where I can
fly.”

  She laughed at my expression.

  “ You are a man, too—like all the men
of my world. That is the feeling you came
here to conquer, Alan—so that the women
here may all keep their wings—and be
free.”

  I think I was just a little ashamed of
myself for a moment. But I knew my feel-
ing had been only human. I did want her
to fly, to keep those beautiful wings. And
in that moment they came to represent
not only her freedom, but my trust in her,
my very love itself.

  I stroked their sleek red feathers gently
with my hand.

  “I shall never feel that way again,
Miela,” I said earnestly.

  She laughed once more and kissed me,
and the look in her eyes told me she under-
stood.

  The landscape, from this wider view-
point, seemed even more bleak and deso-
late than before. The valley was perhaps
half a mile broad, and wound away upward
into a bald range of mountains in the dis-
tance.

  The ground under my feet was like a

richly metallic ore. In places it was wholly
metal, smooth and shining like burnished
copper. Below us the valley broadened
slightly, falling into what I judged must
be opten country where lay the city of our
destination.

  For some minutes I stood appalled at the
scene. I had often been in the deserts of
America, but never have I felt so great a
sense of desolation. Always before it had
been the lack of water that made the land
so arid; and always the scene seemed to
hold promise of latent fertility, as though
only moisture were needed to make it spring
into fruition.

  Nothing of the kind was evident here.
There was, indeed, no lack of water. I
could see a storm cloud gathering in the
distance. The air I was breathing seemed
unwarrantably moist; and all about me on
the ground little pools remained from the
last rainfall. But here there was no soil,
not so much even as a grain of sand seemed
to exist. The air was warm, as warm as
a midsummer’s day in my own land, a pe-
culiarly oppressive, moist heat.

  I had been prepared for this by Miela.
I was bareheaded, since there never was
to be direct sunlight. My feet were clad
in low shoes with rubber soles. I wore socks.
For the rest, I had on simply one of my old
pairs of short, white running pants and a
sleeveless running shirt. With the excep-
tion of the shoes it was exactly the costume
I had worn in the races at college.

  I had been standing motionless, hardly
more than a step from the car in which we
had landed. Suddenly, in the midst of my
meditations on the strange scene about me,
Miela said:

   “ Go there, Alan.”

  She was smiling and pointing to a little
rise of ground near by. I looked at her
blankly.

  “ Jump, Alan,” she added.

  The spot to which she pointed was per-
haps forty feet away. I knew what she
meant, and, stepping back a few paces,
came running forward and leaped into the
air. I cleared the intervening space with
no more effort than I could have jumped
less than half that distance on earth.

  Miela flew over beside me.
710

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ You see, Alan, rny husband, it is not
so bad, perhaps, that I can fly.”

  She was smiling whimsically, but I could
see her eyes were full of pride.

  “ There is no other man on Mercury who
could do that, Alan,” she added.

  I tried successive leaps then, always with
the same result. I calculated that here the
pull of gravity must be something less than
one-half that on the earth. It was far more
than father had believed.

  Miela watched my antics, laughing and
clapping her hands with delight. I found
I tired very quickly—that is, I was winded.
This I attributed to the greater density of
the air I was breathing.

  In five minutes I was back at Miela’s
side, panting heavily.

  “ If I can—ever get so I breathe right—”
I said.

  She nodded. “ A very little time, I
think.”

  I sat down for a moment to recover my
breath. Miela explained then that we were
some ten miles from the fertile country
surrounding the city in which her mother
lived, and about fifteen miles from the out-
skirts of the city itself. I give these dis-
tances as they would be measured on earth.
We decided to start at once. We took
nothing with us. The journey would be a
short one, and we could easily return at
some future time for what we had left be-
hind. We needed no food for so short a
trip, and plenty of water was at hand.

  Only one thing Miela would not part
with—the single memento she had brought
from earth to her mother. She refused to
let me touch it, but insisted on carrying
it herself, guarding it jealously.

  It was Beth’s little ivory hand mirror!

  We started off. Miela had wound the
filmy scarf about her shoulders again with
a pretty little gesture.

  “ I need not use wings, Alan, when I am
with you. We shall go together, you and
I—on the ground.”

  And then, as I started off vigorously, she
added plaintively from behind me: “ If—if
you will go slow, my husband, or will wait
for me.”

  I altered my pace to suit hers. I had
quite recovered my breath now, and for

the moment felt that I could carry her
much faster than she could walk. I did
gather her into my arms once, and ran
forward briskly, while she laughed and
struggled with me to be put down. She
seemed no more than a little child in my
arms; but, as before, the heavy air so op-
pressed me that in a few moments I was
glad enough to set her again upon her
feet.

  The valley broadened steadily as we ad-
vanced. For several miles the look of the
ground remained unchanged. I wondered
what curious sort of metal this might be—
so like copper in appearance. I doubted if
it were copper, since even in this hot, moist
air it seemed to have no property of oxida-
tion.

  I asked Miela about it, and she gave me
its Mercutian name at once; but of course
that helped me not a bit. She added that
outcroppings of it, almost in the pure state,
like the great deposits of native copper I
had seen on earth, occurred in many parts
of Mercury.

  I remembered then Bob Trevor’s mention
of it as the metal of the apparatus used by
the invaders of Wyoming.

  We went on three or four miles without
encountering a single sign of life. No in-
sects stirred underfoot; no birds flew over-
head. We might have been—by the look of
it—alone on a dead planet.

  “ Is none of your mountain country in-
habited, Miela?” I asked.

  She shook her head.

  “ Only on the plains do people live.
There is very little of good land in the Light
Country, and so many people. That it is
which has caused much trouble in the past.
It is for that, many times, the Twilight
People have made war upon us.”

  I found myself constantly able to breathe
more easily. Our progress down the valley
seemed now irritatingly slow, for I felt I
could walk or run three times faster than
Miela. Finally I suggested to her that she
fly, keeping near me; and that I would
make the best speed forward I could. She
stared at me quizzically. Then, seeing I
was quite sincere, she flung her little arms
up about my neck and pulled me down to
kiss her.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

711

  “ Oh, Alan—the very best husband in
all the universe, you are. None other could
there be—like you.”

  She had just taken off her scarf again
when suddenly I noticed a little speck in
the sky ahead. It might have been a tiny
bird, flying toward us from the plains be-
low.

  “ Miela—look! ”

  She followed the direction of my hand.
The speck grew rapidly larger.

  “ A girl, Alan,” she said after a moment.
“ Let us wait.”

  We stood silent, watching. It was indeed
a girl, flying over the valley some two or
three hundred feet above the ground. As
she came closer I saw her wings were blue,
not red like Miela’s. She came directly to-
ward us.

  Suddenly Miela gave a little cry.

  “Anina! Anina!”

  Without a word to me she spread her
wings and flew up to meet the oncoming
girl.

  I stood in awe as I watched them. They
met almost above me. and I could see them
hovering with clasped hands while they
touched cheeks in affectionate greeting.
Then, releasing each other, they flew rap-
idly away together—smaller and smaller,
until a turn in the valley hid them entirely
from my sight.

  I sat down abruptly. A lump was in my
throat, a dismal lonesomeness in my heart.
I knew Miela would return in a moment—
that she had met some friend or relative—
yet I could not suppress the vague feeling
of sorrow and the knowledge of my own
incapacity that swept over me.

  For the first time then I wanted wings—
wanted them myself—that I might join this
wife I loved in her glorious freedom of the
air. And I realized, too, for the first time,
how that condition Miela so deplored on
Mercury had come to pass. I could under-
stand now very easily how it was that mar-
ried women were deprived by their hus-
bands of these wings which they themselves
were denied by the Creator.

  Hardly more than ten minutes had passed
before I saw the two girls again flying to-
ward me. They alighted a short distance
away, and approached me, hand in hand.

  The girl with Miela, I could see now,
was somewhat shorter, even slighter of
build, and two or three years younger. Her
face held the same delicate, wistful beauty.
The two girls strongly resembled one an-
other in feature. The newcomer was
dressed in similar fashion to Miela—san-
dals on her feet, and silken trousers of a
silvery white, fastened at the ankles with
golden cords.

  Her wings, as I have said, were blue—a
delight light blue that, as I afterward no-
ticed, matched her eyes. Her hair was the
color of spun gold; she wore it in two long,
thick braids over her shoulders and fastened
at the waist and knee. She was, in very
truth, the most ethereal human being I had
ever beheld. And—next to Miela—the most
beautiful.

  Miela pulled her forward, and she came
on, blushing with the sweet shyness of a
child. She was -winding her silken silver
scarf about her breast hastily, as best she
could with her free hand.

  “ My sister, Anina—Alan,” said Miela
simply.

  The girl stood undecided; then, evident-
ly obeying Miela’s swift words of instruc-
tion, she stood up on tiptoe, put her arms
about my neck, and kissed me full on the
lips.

  Miela laughed gayly.

  “You must love her very much, Alan.
And she—your little sister—will love you,
too. She is very sweet.”

  Then her face sobered suddenly.

  “Tao has returned, Alan. And he has
sent messengers to our city. They are ap-
pealing to our people to join Tao in his
great conquest. They say Tao has here
with him, on Mercury, a captive earth-
man, with wonderful strength of body, who
will help in the destruction of his own
world!”

CHAPTER XIII.

THE CAPTIVE EARTH-MAN.

AS we came out of the valley I had my
^ first view of the Great City. It oc-
cupied a huge, mound-shaped circular
mountain which rose alone out of the wide
712

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

.plain that spread before me. As far as I
could see extended a rich muddy soil par-
tially covered with water. A road led out
of the valley, stretching across these wet
fields toward the base of the mountain. It
was built on an embankment some eight or
ten feet high, of the red, metallic ore of the
mountains.

  All along the base of this embankment,
with their roots in the water, graceful trees
like palms curved upward over the road.
The landscape was dotted with these and
other tropical trees; the scene was, indeed,
essentially tropical.

  I wondered at the continued absence of
sight of human beings. The fields were
quite evidently under cultivation. A rise of
ground off to the left was ridged with ter-
races. As we passed on along the road I
saw a rude form of plow standing where it
had been left in a field which evidently was
producing rice or something akin to it. Yet
there was not a person in sight. Only ahead
in the sky I could see a little cluster of black
dots that Miela said was a group of females
hovering about the summit of the Great
City.

   “ It is the time of sleep now, Alan,” she
said, in answer to my question.

  I had not thought of that. It was broad
daylight, but here on Mercury there was no
day or night, but always the same half light,
as of a cloudy day.

  The mountain on which the city was
built was dotted thickly with palms, and
as we approached I made out the houses of
the city, set amid the trees, with broad
streets converging at the top. As we came
still closer I saw that the summit of the
mountain was laid out like some beautiful
tropical garden, with a broad, low-lying pal-
ace in its center.

  When we were still a mile or so away
from the outskirts of the city Miela spoke
in her soft native tongue to Anina. The
girl smiled at me in parting, and, unwinding
the veil from about her breast, flew into the
air.

  We stood watching her as she winged her
way onward toward the sleeping city. When
she had dwindled to a tiny speck I sighed
unconsciously and turned away; and again
Miela smiled at me with comprehension.

   We started forward, Miela chattering
now lilce a little child. She seemed eager to
tell me all about the new world of hers I
was entering, and there was indeed so much
to tell she was often at a loss what to de-
scribe first.

   She named the cereal which constituted
the only crop to which these marsh lands
were suitable. From her description I made
out it was similar to rice, only of a some-
what larger grain. It formed, she said, the
staple article of food of the nation.

   As we approached the base of the Great
City mountain the ground began gradually
rising. The drainage thus afforded made it
constantly drier as we advanced. It as-
sumed now- more the character of a heavy
loam.

   Still farther on we began passing occa-
sional houses—the outskirts of the city it-
self. They were square, single-story, ugly
little buildings, built of reddish stone and
clay, flat-roofed, and raised a foot or two
off the ground on stone pilings. They had
large rectangular windows, most of them
open, a few with lattice shades. The door-
ways stood open without sign of a door;
access to the ground was obtained by a nor-
row board incline.

   Interspersed with these stone houses I
saw many single-room shacks, loosely built
of narrow boards from the palm trees, and
thatched with straw. In these, Miela ex-
plained, lived poorer people, who worked
in the rice fields for the small land owners.

   We reached the base of the mountain
proper, and I found myself in a broad
street with houses on both sides. This
street seemed to run directly to the summit
of the mountain, sloping upward at a sharp
angle. We turned into it and began our
climb into the sleeping city. It was laid
out regularly, all its principal streets run-
ning from the base of the mountain upward
to its summit, where they converged in a
large open space in which the castle I have
already mentioned was situated. The cross-
streets formed concentric rings about the
mountain, at intervals of perhaps five hun-
dred feet down its sides—small circles near
the top, lengthening until at the base the
distance around was, I should judge, ten
miles or more.
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

713

  We climbed upward nearly to the sum-
mit; then Miela turned into one of the
cross-streets. I had found the climb tre-
mendously tiring, though Miela seemed not
to notice it unduly, and I was glad enough
when we reached this street w'hich girdled
the mountain almost at the same level. We
had gone only a short distance along it,
however, when Miela paused before a house
set somewhat back from the road on a ter-
race.

  “ My home,” she said, and her voice
trembled a little with emotion. “ Our home
it shall be now, Alan, with Lua and Anina,
our mother and sister.”

  A low, bushy hedge separated the street
from a garden that surrounded the house.
The building was of stone, two stories in
height. It was covered with a thick vine
bearing a profusion of vivid red flowers. On
its flat roof were tiny palm trees, a pergola
with trellised vines, and still more flowers,
most of them of the same brilliant red. The
whole was surrounded by a waist-high para-
pet.

  One corner of the roof was covered with
thatch—a little nest where one might be
sheltered from the rain, and in which I
could see a bed of palm fiber. At one side
of the house a tremendous cluster of bam-
boo curved upward and over the roof. A
path of chopped coconut husks led from the
street to a short flight of steps in the terrace
at the front entrance.

  We passed along this path and entered
through the open doorway directly into
what I judged was the living room of the
dwelling. It was some thirty feet long and
half as broad, with a high ceiling and stone
floor. Its three windows fronted the gar-
den we had just left; in its farther wall a
low archway led into an adjoining room.
The furniture consisted only of two or three
small tables and several low, wide couches,
all of bamboo.

  A woman and the girl Anina rose as we
entered. Anina ran toward us eagerly, the
elder woman stood quietly wraiting. She
was about forty years of age, as tall as
Miela, but heavier of build. She was
dressed in loose silk trousers, gathered at
waist and ankle; and a wide sash that
covered her breast. Her hair was iron gray,

cut short at the base of the neck. From
her shoulders I saw hanging a cloak that
entirely covered her wings.

  As she turned toward us I saw a serious,
dignified, wholly patrician face, with large,
kindly dark eyes, a high, intellectual fore-
head, and a firm yet sensitive mouth. She
was the type of woman one would instinct-
ively mark for leader.

  Miela ran forward to greet her mother,
falling upon her knees and touching her
forehead to the elder woman’s sandaled
feet. As she rose I could see there were
tears in the eyes of them both. Then
Miela presented me. I stood for an instant,
confused, not knowing quite what I should
do.

  Miela laughed her gay little laugh.

  “ Bow lowT, Alan—as I did—to our
mother.”

  I knelt to her respectfully, and she put
her hands lightly upon my head, speaking
low words of greeting. Then, sis I stood up
again, I met her eyes and smiled an answer
to the gentle smile on her lips. From that
moment I felt almost as though she were
my own mother, and I am sure she took me
then into her heart as her son.

  The introduction over, I turned toward
one of the windows, leaving Miela to talk
with her mother. Anina followed me,
standing timidly by my side, with her big,
curious eyes looking up into my face.

  “ You’re a sweet, dear little sister,” I
said, “ and I am going to love you very
much.”

  I put my arm about her shoulders, and
she smiled as though she understood me,
yielding to my embrace with the ready
friendship of a child. For some moments we
stood together, looking out of the window
and talking to each other with words that
were quite unintelligible to us both. Then
Miela suddenly called me.

  “ We shall eat now, Alan,” she said,
“ for you are hungry, I know. And above
there is water, that we may wash.” Her
face clouded as she went on; “ Our mother
has told me a little that has happened. It
is very serious, Alan, as you shall hear.
Tao, with his great news of your wonder-
ful world, is very fast winning over our
men to his cause. A revolt, there may be,
714

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

here in our own city-—a revolution against
our government, our king. We can only
look to you now, my 'husband, to save our
country from Tao as well as your own.”

  The situation as I found it in the Light
Country was, as Miela said, alarmingly se-
rious. During the two years Tao had been
in the Twilight Country, preparing for his
attack upon the earth, his project had
caused little stir among the Light Country
people.

  Its women were, at first, perturbed at
this wanton attack upon the humanity of
another world, but since the earth was such
an unknown quantity, and the fact of its
being inhabited at all was problematical,
interest in the affair soon lagged. The
government of the Light Country concerned
itself not at all.

  But now, upon Tao’s return, the news of
his venture, as told by the emissaries he sent
to the Light Country, struck its people like
•a bombshell. These emissaries-—all men
—had come to the Great City, and, finding
their presence tolerated by the authorities,
had immediately started haranguing the
people.

  The men were inclined to listen, and
many of them openly declared their sym-
pathy with Tao. These, however, were for
the most part of the poorer, more ignorant
classes, or those more adventurous, less
scrupulous individuals to whom the pros-
pect of sudden riches appealed.

  “ Why doesn’t your government just
throw Tao’s men out if they’re causing so
much trouble?” I asked. “ They never
should have been allowed in the country
at all.”

  Miela smiled sadly.

  “ That is so, my husband. That should
have been done; but now it is too late.
Our men would protect them now, declar-
ing their right to stay here and speak.
There might be bloodshed among our peo-
ple, and that must not be.”

  “ Are they armed?” I asked.

  She shook her head. “ No one is armed
with the light-ray. To carry it is a crime
punishable by death, for the light is too
destructive.”

  “ But Tao has it?”

  “ Tao has it, indeed, but he is not so

great a monster that he would use it against
us.”

  I was not so sure of tihat, and I said so.
“ You don’t mean to tell me, Miela, that
your government has allowed Tao to pre-
pare all this destructive armament without
itself arming?”

  Again she shook her head. “We have
been preparing, too, and all our young men
can be called if .occasion comes. But that
must never be. It would be too terrible.”

  Miela and I occupied, that first night on
Mercury, a broad wrooden bed built low to
the floor, with a mattress of palm fiber. At
first I could not sleep, but lay thinking over
the *many things she had told me. The
light in the room, too, was strange. Lattice
covered the windows, but it was like trying
to sleep at midday; and the heat and heavi-
ness of the air oppressed me. I dropped
off finally, to be awakened by Miela’s voice
calling me to breakfast.

  We sat down to the morning meal at a
low table set with shining plates and gob-
lets of copper, or whatever the metal was,
and napery of silk. The rice formed our
main article of food, with sugar, milk, and
a beverage not unlike coffee. There was
also a meat like beef, although more highly
flavored, and a number of sickish sweet
fruits of a kind entirely new to me, which I
could do no more than taste.

  We were served by a little maid whose
darker skin and heavier features proclaimed
her of another race-—a native of the Fire
Country, Miela told me. She was dressed
in a brown tunic of heavy silk, reaching
from waist to knee. Her thick black hair
was cut to her shoulders.

  On her left arm above the elbow was
welded a broad band of copper inscribed
with a mark to identify Lua as her owner,
for she was a slave. Her torso was bare,
except for a cloak like Lua’s which hung
from her shoulders in the back to cover
her wings. By this I knew she could not
fly.

  It was not until some time afterward
that I learned the reason for this covering
of the clipped wings. The wing joints were
severed just above the waist line. The
feathers on the remaining upper portions
THE FIRE PEOPLE.

715

were clipped, but through disuse these
feathers gradually dropped out entirely.

  The flesh and muscle underneath was re-
pulsive in appearance—for which reason it
was always kept covered. Lua showed me
her wings once—mere shrunken stumps of
what had once been her most glorious pos-
session. I did not wonder then that the
women were ready to fight, almost, rather
than part with them.

  Difficulties of language made our conver-
sation during the meal somewhat halting,
although Miela acted as interpreter. Lua
and Anina both expressed their immediate
determination to learn English, and, with
the same persistence that Miela had shown,
they set aside nearly everything else to ac-
complish it.

  We decided that we should see the king
and arrange our future course of action.
Whatever was to be done should be done
at once—that we all agreed—for Tao’s men
were steadily gaining favor with a portion of
the people, and we had no means of know-
ing what they would attempt to do.

  “ What will your people think of me?”
I suddenly asked Miela.

  “ We have sent our king word that you
are here,” she answered, “ and we have
asked that he send a guard to take you to
the castle this morning.”

  “ A guard?”

  She smiled. “ It is better that the people
see you first as a man of importance. You
will go to the king under guard. Few will
notice you. Then will he, our ruler, ar-
range that you are shown to the people as a
great man—one who has come here to help
us—one who is trusted and respected by
our king. You see, my husband, the dif-
ference?”

  I did, indeed, though I wondered a little
how I should justify this exalted position
which was being thrust upon me. After
breakfast Lua and Anina busied themselves
about the house, while Miela and I went to
the rooftop to wait for the king’s summons.
From here I had my first really good view
of the city at close range.

  Miela’s home sat upon a terrace, leveled
off on the steep hillside; all the houses in
the vicinity were similarly situated. Be-

hind us the mountain rose steeply; in front
it dropped away, affording an extended view
of the level, palm-dotted country below.

  The slope of hillside rising abruptly be-
hind us held another house just above the
level of the rooftop we were on. As I sat
there looking idly about I thought I saw a
figure lurking near this higher building. I
called Miela’s attention to it—the obscure
figure of a man standing against a huge
palm trunk.

  As we watched the figure stepped into
plainer view. I saw then it was a man, evi-
dently looking down at us. I stood up.
There was no one else in sight except a
woman on the roof of the other house hold-
ing an infant.

  Something about the man’s figure seemed
vaguely familiar; my heart leaped sud-
denly.

  “ Miela,” I whispered, “ surely that—
that is no one of your world.”

  Her hand clutched my arm tightly as the
man stepped forward again and waved at
us. I crossed the rooftop, Miela following.
At my sudden motion the man hesitated,
then seemed about to run. I hardly know
what thoughts impelled me, but suddenly I
shouted:

  “ Wait!”

  At the sound of my voice he whirled
around, stopped dead an instant, and then,
with an answering call, came running down
the hillside.

  “The earth-man!” cried Miela. “The
earth-man of Tao it must be.”

  We hurried down through the house and
arrived at its back entrance. Coming to-
ward us at a run across the garden was the
man—unmistakably one of my own world.

  My hurried glance showed me he was
younger than I—a short, stocky, red-headed
chap, dressed in dirty white duck trousers
and a torn white linen shirt.

  He came on at full speed.

  “ Hello!” I called.

  He stopped abruptly. For an instant we
stared at each other; then he grinned
broadly.

  “ Well, I don’t know who you are,” he
ejaculated, “ but I want to say it certainly
does me good to see you.”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.
 By WILLIAM J. FLYNN,

 Former Chief, United States Secret Service,

 and GEORGE BARTON.

 I.—THE FLAW IN THE ALIBI.

PEABODY SMITH, during his service
with the government, got his first big
chance when the chief of the United
States Secret Service called him into his pri-
vate office in the Treasury Building in
Washington, and gave him the assignment
to run down the man, or men, who were
flooding the country with counterfeit one-
hundred-dollar bills. It was a big job. His
reputation as a detective was on trial; the
purity of the national currency was at stake,
and millions of dollars were involved. He
was not given the faintest clew except that
the bogus money was being circulated in
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New York.

The instructions of the head of the service
were compressed into four short words:

   “ Go and get ’em! ”

   Peabody Smith took the Congressional
Limited for New York that night. A sort
of intuition told him that the drama in
which he was to be such a conspicuous
figure was going to be enacted in that me-
tropolis. On the way over he read the
newspaper clippings that told of the awe
and consternation in business circles over
the success of the new counterfeits. He had
imagination, and he could see the tragedy
that lay behind the brief news stories of the
bad bank notes. He knew the cashier of
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

717

one financial institution had committed sui-
cide. Everywhere he could sense misery
and unhappiness in the wake of these coun-
terfeits. The one consolation that came to
him as he thought of the hard work that
lay before him was the fact that the chief
had given him Tim Burke as his assistant.

  Peabody Smith was jocularly known
among his colleagues as the Yankee Detec-
tive. He was born on Cape Cod, and never
fully recovered from it. He was tall, lean
and sinewy, and when he arose always
seemed to go through the process of uncurl-
ing his legs. He was a combination of
aristocrat and democrat. His first name
came from one of the oldest families in New
England, and his last one from one of the
most numerous in the world. His hair was
grayish, and there were crow’s feet about his
eyes. He had a face that was habitually
sad, a melancholy face, the face of a funeral
director, and yet he had the ability to keep
the table in a roar.

  When he smiled it lit up his whole coun-
tenance. It was as though some one had
suddenly struck a light in a dark room. He
had a deliberation in speech that was dis-
concerting to those who were not familiar
with his mannerisms, and those inquiring
gray eyes and that silent tongue had caused
many a hardened criminal to confess. He
drank English breakfast tea by the quart,
and smoked Pittsburgh stogies by the bale.
Josh Billings was his favorite author, and
he regarded the phonetic spelling humorist
as a greater philosopher than Ralph Waldo
Emerson. Aside from these small things he
may be said to have had no small vices.

  Twenty-four hours after his arrival in
New York he learned of two tradesmen
who had been the victims of the hundred-
dollar-note swindle. One was a jeweler on
upper Fifth Avenue, and the other a tobac-
conist on lower Broadway. In each case
there had been a small purchase, and the
customer had been given the change in per-
fectly good currency. Suspicion rested on
a man and a woman who were stopping at
the high-priced Hotel Fostorio. The regis-
ter disclosed the names of Dwight Tompkins
and Edna Tompkins. They had adjoining
rooms on the twenty-first floor of the tow-
ering harbor of hospitality. Mr. Tompkins

was the first to return to the hotel that eve-
ning, and Peabody Smith, halting him in the
lobby, engaged in a heart-to-heart conversa-
tion. Mr. Tompkins was a man of about
forty, with a little black mustache, and he
was perfectly groomed from head to foot.

  “ I certainly paid the cigar man w7ith a
hundred-dollar bill,” he admitted with en-
gaging frankness, “ but I did not have the
faintest suspicion that it was not good.”

  “ Of course not,” agreed Peabody Smith,
“ but as a matter of routine, 1 must ask
you to take me to your room.”

  Tompkins made no difficulty about this,
but he was manifestly disturbed over the in-
cident as any man might well be. When
they reached the twenty-first floor they
found a little man with a bullet head and
beady eyes waiting in front of the room
door. It was Tim Burke, also of the United
States Secret Service. Evidently Peabody
Smith, while trusting Mr. Dwight Tomp-
kins, was taking no chances. With Burke
standing guard in the room, Smith quickly
and expeditiously “ frisked ” the well-
dressed guest. One result of this was the
finding of a wallet containing ten one-hun-
dred-dollar bills. They were all counter-
feit. Also he opened a handbag belonging
to Mr. Tompkins and found a plain, white
envelope with seventeen other counterfeit
hundred-dollar bills.

  Dwight Tompkins was plainly annoyed,
but he did not exhibit the slightest con-
fusion or fear. He pulled out a silver-
mounted case and passed cigars to his visi-
tors. Also he invited them to have some
refreshments from his private stock, an invi-
tation that was politely declined.

  “ Obviously, gentlemen,” he began, non-
chalantly, “ this requires explanation.”

  “ Obviously,” concurred Peabody without
the slightest trace of sarcasm.

  “ I understand your duty and I realize
my position,” Tompkins continued, “ and I
will tell you the whole truth. I’m going to
lay all my cards on the table, and I promise
to abide by the result of the game. It may
tax your credulity, but I can assure you
that I am perfectly innocent of any inten-
tional wrongdoing.”

  “ Proceed,” said Smith with the air of a
man who dislikes long introductions.
718

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “I am engaged in the printing and en-
 graving business in Huntsville,” said Tomp-
 kins, taking the hint, “ and I came to New
 York for a double purpose—a vacation and
 a wedding tour. This adds slightly to my
 embarrassment; but I want to be perfectly
 straightforward with you, and I’m not going
 to hold anything back. I was only mar-
 ried a few days ago. Mrs. Tompkins is with
 me. It was not exactly an elopement, be-
 cause I have known her for a long time, but
 the marriage is a secret so far as my Iriends
 and relatives are aware.

   “ On the afternoon before last as I was
 going from the elevator to the desk of the
 hotel the electric lights suddenly went up
 and I noticed a large white envelope in a
 comer of the corridor. I picked it up and
 found inside of it thirty one-hundred-dollar
 bills. Naturally, I was stunned for a mo-
 ment. As soon as I recovered my self-
 possession I went to the desk and notified
 the clerk that I had picked up some money,
 and that if the owner would communicate
 with me and describe his property it would
 be returned.”

   “ It was about dusk, 1 assume,” com-
 mented Peabody.

   “ Just about. After that, not satisfied, I
 went to the office of the Morning Gazette
 and inserted an advertisement in the Lost
 and Found column, saying that if the owner
 would prove his property it would be re-
 stored immediately. I do not see that it was
 possible to do more than that.”

   “ More could not be expected,” conceded
 the detective.

   “ As a further proof of my truthfulness,”
 continued Tompkins, “ I can refer you to
 the editor of the local newspaper in my
 town, to the president of the national bank,
 to the officers of the Chamber of Commerce,
 or to any of the citizens of Huntsville.”

II.

  Before another day had passed Pea-
 body Smith made it his business to get into
 communication with nearly all of the per-
 sons named, and they verified all that had
 been stated by Dwight Tompkins. They
 went further than that. Two of the lead-
 ing citizens of the town wired that if their

 townsman was in difficulty they would
 cheerfully go his bail, or come to his rescue
 in any other way that might be suggested.
 The detective interviewed the hotel clerk,
 and he testified that their guest had in-
 formed him of the finding of the money.
 Finally Peabody Smith called at the office
 of the newspaper and found that the ad-
 vertisement had been inserted in the Lost
 and Found column as described. In order
 to make assurance doubly sure, he asked
 for the original copy of the advertisement,
 and it was in the handwriting oi Dwight
 Tompkins. And over it was the stamp of
 the newspaper office, showing the hour at
 which it had been handed in.

  This was surely enough to satisfy any
ordinary mortal of the innocence of Dwight
Tompkins, but Peabody Smith mooned
about the hotel, displaying neither elation
nor dejection. His gray eyes were alter-
nately puzzled and inquiring. He smoked
one Pittsburgh stogie after another, and
going into the dining room of the hostelry,
he consumed unheard-of quantities of tea.
The man was having a mental struggle, but
finally he reached his conclusion, and he
announced it to his assistant in a matter-
of-fact way:

   “ Tim,” he said, “ I’ve decided to place
 Tompkins under arrest.”

   “ What for?” asked the astonished Burke.
 “ Because he’s given you such a clean bill
 of health?”

   “ No,” answered the other solemnly, “ for
 psychological reasons.”

  The hard-headed one shrugged his shoul-
ders.

   “ This gets my goat,” he cried with char-
 acteristic frankness, “ but I suppose it’s al-
 ways good policy to make an arrest when
 you're on a job. You get credit in the news-
 papers, even if you have no case.”

  Peabody Smith was staring intently at
Tim Burke, but he did not hear what his
assistant was saying. His mind was on the
twenty-first floor of the Hotel Fostorio.

  “ Divide and conquer,” he was murmur-
ing. “ Tim, we must separate the man and
the woman. There isn't anv other way to
it!”

  They took the elevator and were whisked
skyward. Dwight Tompkins and Edna
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

719

Tompkins were in the little sitting room
adjoining his apartment. They received
the detectives with surprise, but politeness.
Peabody looked directly at Tompkins, but
Burke could scarcely keep his eyes from the
litde bit of femininity who gazed up at him
in such a pathetic and appealing manner.
She must have recognized them from the
description that had been given her by the
man, for she turned to Smith confidingly:

  “ Dwight has just been telling me that
he told you everything. It was the right
thing to do, and I'm proud of him. Rut if
we can help you to find the people that
put out those horrid counterfeits we’ll be
glad to do so, won't we, Dwight?”

  “ Certainly, my dear,” he smiled, “ but
Mr. Smith knows that.”

  Peabody ignored this conversation, and
he turned to Dwight Tompkins with the air
of a funeral director who is asking the mem-
bers of the family to take final leave, and
said:

  “ I’m sorry, Tompkins, but I’ll have to
arrest you.”

  The man stiffened.

  “ Arrest me—on what charge?”

  The flicker of a smile played around the
sad countenance of Peabody Smith.

  “ We won’t prefer any charge. We’ll
just hold you, let us say, as a material
witness.”

  Every trace of suavity left Tompkins.
“I’ll be damned if I stand for such an
outrage. I wam you, Smith, that you will
do this thing at your peril!”

  The detective spoke in even tones:

  “ You’d better gather up whatever things
you would like to take to prison with you—
we’ll try to make it as pleasant for you as
possible.”

  While all this was going on the little wo-
man in the room was playing her part in
the drama in pantomime fashion. At the
first mention of arrest she became pale and
started to her feet with a gasp. But she
quickly subdued her emotions and sat quiet-
ly and listened to the crossfire of talk be-
tween the two men. Presently she picked
up a copy of a popular magazine that lay
on the table and began to turn the pages
idly, all the while watching the two speakers
from beneath half-closed eyes.

  At one time she chanced to look on the
printed page before her. The startled yet
shrewd light which came into her eyes in-
dicated that she had made a discovery.
Quietly she turned down a corner of the
page. Almost at the same moment she
reached over and picked up a burnt match
stick from an ash tray. Carelessly she
made marks around part of the matter in
the magazine. By this time Tompkins and
Smith were standing facing one another like
duelists. When the detective spoke it was
in that regretful tone to which the other
man was becoming accustomed.

  “ Of course,” he was saying, “ you are
going to come with us without any resist-
ance?”

  The women advanced with an elegant
gesture.

  “ If he must go, I want to go with him—
it will kill me to be left here alone.”

  Peabody Smith gazed thoughtfully into
her glistening eyes, which shone like those
of a hurt animal.

  “ I’m afraid,” he said finally, “ that Mr.
Tompkins will have to go alone. Let us
hope that it may not be for long.”

  She fought back the unbidden tears and
went over and kissed and embraced Tomp-
kins. As he left between the two detec-
tives she thrust the magazine into his hand.

  “ Here’s something to read,” she mur-
mured with a catch in her voice, “ and you
will find me here waiting for you.”

III.

  It was after Dwight Tompkins had been
placed under lock and key, and the two in-
vestigators were in their apartment that Tim
Burke turned to his superior.

  “ I’m not on to your game, chief, but I
should say that you are acting in a pretty
high-handed fashion. You haven’t a shred
of evidence against that fellow, and even
if you had he’d have the right to get out
on bail. Under the law you couldn’t lock
him up.”

  Peabody stared at his assistant so long
and so earnestly that it made Burke ner-
vous. But finally the old man spoke, and
his words were unanswerable.

  “ But he is locked up, isn’t he?”
720

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

          s all right,” retorted the other,
 “ but you know—”

   “ Tim, you’re not well,” was the irrele-
 vant exclamation of the long, lean detective.

  “ What do you mean?”

   “ I mean,” was the solemn retort, “ that
 you are the victim of a pair of bright eyes.
 I don’t blame you a bit. I was that way
 at your age. But if you’re going to work
 with me, you’ve got to pull yourself to-
 gether.”

   It sounded very good to talk about work,
 but for the next three days Peabody Smith
 seemed to do everything but labor. He
 made his headquarters at the Fostoria
 Hotel, smoked fine cigars, attended the thea-
 ter, and made himself comfortable general-
 ly. He bought all of the morning and
 evening newspapers and went through them
 religiously. On the Sunday after the ar-
 rest of Tompkins the bullet-headed assist-
 ant walked into Peabody Smith’s room, only
 to find him almost buried under an ava-
 lanche of Sunday papers. The floor was
 covered with them, and sporting sections,
 comic supplements, feature pages and news
 sections were lying round as thick as the
 fabled leaves in Vallombrosa.

  “ Good morning, chief,” exclaimed Tim
Burke, trying hard to hide a feeling of
annoyance over such seeming indolence in
the midst of an important case.

  “ ’Mornin’,” replied Peabody without
lifting his eyes from the paper in which his
head was buried.

   “ Still improvin’ your mind, I notice,”
chirped the other with badly concealed im-
patience.

   “ Yep,” was the short response.

   Tim sat down and waited. His own read-
ing was limited to the sporting page, and he
never could understand any one wading
through hundreds of pages of the modern
Sunday journal. He noticed that Peabody
was on his last paper. Apparently he read
them all from beginning to end. A per-
son, one might say, who was a perfect glut-
ton for news. He noticed that the old man
was running his eyes in practiced style down
the list of the want ads. He could not re-
sist the little quip.

   “ Looking for a job as a detective?”
   Peabody did not reply. He turned from

 the Help Wanted columns to
 notices. Suddenly a loud chuckle came
 from his vicinity. He slowly uncurled his
 long legs and rose to his feet. He was
 actually smiling as he stood there holding
 the newspaper between his fingers. He
 walked over to the window and looked out-
 side. It was raining cats and dogs, not to
 mention other animals.

    “ It’s a fine day,” said Peabody with sol-
 emn humor, “ for a funeral.”

   “ Say, boss,” exclaimed Tim, “ I’ll laugh
 if you put me on to the joke.”

   “It no joke. Just cast your eyes over
 that notice,” and as he spoke he thrust the
 newspaper into the hands of his assistant
 This is what Burke read:

    HENDRICKS.—On the tenth instant,
   Thomas A. Hendricks, in the seventieth year
   of his life. Funeral at twilight this evening.
   Interment in the family lot at the Huntsville
   Cemetery. Friends and relatives are kindly
   requested to omit floral offerings.

   While the young man was perusing these
 lines with wrinkled brow the detective had
 gone to the telephone and called up the
 lieutenant of the police station where
 Dwight Tompkins had been detained. He
 had some difficulty in getting the connec-
 tion, but presently he was talking to the po-
 lice official :

   “ Yes, yes, Tompkins is the name.
 Dwight Tompkins, the man I left with you
 a few days ago. You say that he has not
 been permitted to see any one? That’s
 right. That’s just what I wanted. Now
 you are to release him at five o’clock this
 afternoon. Yes, let him go without any
 explanation. I’ll be responsible. Don’t for-
 get. At five o’clock sharp.”

   Tim Burke was looking at his Yankee
 friend as though he thought he had lost his
 senses. He handed him the newspaper.

   “ I’ve read the death notice. What about
 it?”

“ Not much except that we are going to
attend that funeral. It’s too bad that floral
offerings are forbidden. I’d like to take a
wreath or the gates ajar, or something like
that. But the wishes of the family will have
to be observed.”

 “ You’ve ordered the release of Tomp-

                         5	A
THE ADVENTURES OF PEABODY SMITH.

721

kins?” said Burke with a note of interroga-
tion. “ What was the use of locking him
up in the first place?”

  “ The reasons were entirely psychologi-
cal,” replied Peabody, grinning in the most
unabashed fashion. “ I was making a test.
It has been entirely successful.”

  It was four o’clock when the twro men
crowded into a taxicab, and the detective
ordered the driver to run out to Huntsville.
The greenback that was pressed into his
hand assured them of speed. In less than
an hour they had reached the town, and the
chauffeur was skirting the old-fashioned
cemetery on the edge of the little commu-
nity. He was instructed to wait in a se-
cluded spot, and then Peabody cautiously
led his way toward a comer of a certain plot.
It was apart from the graves, but the two
men saw that the earth had been disturbed.
They had scarcely noticed this when the
chug-chugging of an automobile was heard
in the distance. Peabody grabbed Tim by
the arm and pulled him behind a tree.

  “ Keep out of sight,” he whispered,“ and
don’t breathe.”

  The machine came in view and halted
near the section where the two detectives
were hiding. A medium-sized man, with a
cap pulled down over his eyes, and wearing
green goggles, was driving. He got out of
the car hurriedly and glanced around him
quickly. His eyes lighted on the broken
clay. He took off his goggles, placed them
in his pocket and lifted his cap.

  It was Dwight Tompkins!

  Tim Burke made a movement as if to go
for him, but Peabody Smith pulled him
back with a grunt of anger. After that they
remained there as immovable as statues.
The newcomer went to his car and got out
a spade. Then he took off his coat, and go-
ing over to the disturbed plot, began to
dig. He worked hard and fast and he wrent
deep. Tim Burke thought it was the queer-
est performance he had ever witnessed.
Presently the spade that Tompkins was
using struck some hard substance. He
tossed the implement aside and went down
on his hands and knees and reached into
the grave. The next moment he was pull-
ing out a metal box. He put it under his
arm and started for the car.

    6	A

  “ Now, Tim,” exclaimed Peabody, “ get
that box before he gets away!”

  They rushed simultaneously in the direc-
tion of the grave digger. When Tompkins
looked up he was gazing into the muzzle of
a revolver in the hand of the Secret Service
man.

  “ Hands up!” exclaimed Peabody.

  The order was obeyed, and before Tomp-
kins realized what was going on, Tim Burke
had slipped a pair of steel bracelets around
his unresisting wrists. After the prisoner
had been placed securely in the car, the
detective opened the metal box. In it he
found what he had expected—four fine
plates used in the engraving of the Thomas
A. Hendricks counterfeit one-hundred-dol-
lar notes.

IV.

  That night, for the second time, Dwight
Tompkins slept in a prison cell, but in the
adjoining compartment little Edna Tomp-
kins wept as one who is without hope. It
was when all of the evidence had been
marshaled and the case was cinched that
Tim ventured to ask Peabody Smith how he
had got the clew that led to the solution
of the mystery.

  The old man, who was seated in a capa-
cious arm chair, slowly uncurled his long
legs, reached over for a fresh stogie, lit it
and then resumed his former position.

  “ Well,” he said as the smoke ascended
in little ringlets, “ it all came about through
a flaw in the alibi.”

  “ But,” protested Tim, “ I thought that
was a beautiful alibi—it looked air-tight
to me.”

  “ Very true, sonny, but there was one
tiny hole in it, and you know that is enough
to sink a battleship. He had the back-
ground all right. He was in business in
Huntsville and was respected by the people.
But as an expert engraver, he was obsessed
with the idea that he could beat the United
States government at its own game. That,
if you will pardon me for saying it, is a
fatal mistake on the part of any man.
Counterfeiters have been trying to rival the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing for a
hundred years, and they have always failed
and always will fail.
722

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ He told the truth when he said that he
had notified the hotel clerk of the alleged
finding of the bogus money. He was truth-
ful when he told of inserting the advertise-
ment in the newspaper. But it was there
that the fatal flaw disdosed itself. He in-
sisted that he picked up the envelope in the
corridor of the hotel just as the electric
lights were going on. The records of the
electric light company showed me that the
lights went on at six o’clock. And the
‘ ad ’ in the Lost and Found column was
handed in at four forty-five that afternoon,
one hour and a quarter before the money
was said to have been found. The stamp
of the business office on the copy proved
that, and it is a well-known fact that this
particular newspaper does not accept adver-
tisements of that kind after five o’clock in
the afternoon.

   “ I had caught Tompkins in a lie, and it
was only necessary to be patient to land
him in the net. What I wanted to get
was the plates from which the bank notes
were printed, and that took a little strategy.
I was positive they would be hidden some-
where, and it was that which caused me to
separate the man and the woman. If he
was arrested, the business of hiding the
plates would fall on her, and having done
that she would try to communicate with
him. I made sure that they could not see
one another, and that no communications
should reach him. Dwight and Edna both
believed that it pays to advertise, and for
that reason I directed that he should have
the newspapers sent to him. I watched
them, too, as you know, and when that
clever Hendricks death notice appeared I

knew that we had the plates from which the
counterfeit notes were printed, for, as you
know, each one of them contains a fine en-
graving of Vice President Thomas A. Hen-
dricks.”

  Tim Burke was looking at his chief ad-
miringly, but he was constrained to make
one criticism.

  “ Don't you think you were a bit harsh
with that little woman?”

  The smile that overspread the counte-
nance of Peabody Smith made him look like
another man. He spoke with deliberation:
“ Tim, I admire you for your misplaced
gallantry, but I was on to the little lady
from the start. When I arrested him you
will recall that she handed him a magazine
to while away the weary hours. Well, she
had turned one of the pages and marked
an article with a burnt match stick. 1
managed to get a peep at it. It was an
essay on success, and it said: * Speech is
silver and silence is golden. Many a man
has talked himself to death.’ A clever way
to warn him to keep his mouth shut, but
it was just what to expect from the woman
who was the brains behind this whole
scheme. He made the plates—she did the
rest.”

   Peabody Smith relighted his stogie which
had gone out while he was talking, and then
he reached for a volume of his favorite
author. But as Tim Burke left the room
he flung a parting remark after him:

   “ The longer you are in the business, son,
the more you will be convinced that crime
does not pay. Old Josh Billings had the
right dope when he declared that honesty
was the best card in the pack.”

Next Week: “ THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE FAMILY

tr	v	u

Next week a graphically’ told Complete Novelette of
life in a railroad construction camp,

THE STORM WOMAN

BY JOHN HOLDEN

whose “The Drifter,” published last year, exerted such

a hold on his readers.
By W. A. FRASER

Author of “ The Three Sapphires“ Thoroughbredsetc.

CHAPTER XII.

THE SEAL OF HIS BAJ.

  AS Barlow led the Gulab within the
bungalow she drew, as a veil, a light
a V silk scarf across her face.

  Upon the floor of the front room a
bearer, head buried in yards of pink cotton
cloth—his pugree—lay fast asleep.

  As Barlow raised a foot to touch the
sleeper in the ribs the girl drew him back,
put the tips of her fingers to her lips, and
pointed toward the bedroom door.

  Barlow shook his head, the flickering
flame of the wick in an iron oil lamp that
rested in a niche of the wall exaggerating
to ferocity the frown that topped his eyes.

  But Bootea pleaded with a mute salaam,
and raising her lips to his ears, whispered:

“ Not because of what is not permitted—
not because of Bootea—please.”

  With an arm he swept back the beaded
tendrils of a hanging door curtain, the girl
glided to the darkness of the room, and
Barlow, lifting from its niche the iron lamp,
followed. Within, she pointed to the door
that lay open, and Barlow, half in rebellion,
softly closed it. As he turned he saw that
she had dropped from their holding cords
the heavy brocaded silk curtains of the
window.

  His limbs were numb from the long ride
with the weight of the girl’s body across his
thighs; he was tired; he was mentally dis-
tressed over the messengers he had failed
to locate, and this, the almost forced intru-
sion of Bootea into his bedroom, the closed
door and the curtained windows, her do-

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for October 14.

7*3
724

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

mg. was just another turn of the kaleido-
scope with its bits of broken glass of a
nightmare. He dropped wearily into a
big, cane-bottomed Hindu chair, saying:
“ Little wilted rose, cuddle up on that divan
among the cushions and rest, while you tell
me why we sit in purdah.”

  The girl dragged a cushion from the
 divan, and placing it on the floor beside his
 chair, sat on it, curling her feet beneath her
 knees.

  Barlow groaned inwardly. If his mind
 had not been so lethargic because of the
 things that weighted it, like the leaden soles
 upon a diver’s boots, he would have roused
 himself to say: “ Look here. A chap can’t
 pull a girl who is as sweet as a flower and
 as trusting as a babe, out of trouble and
 then make bazaar love to her; he can’t
 do it if he’s any sort of a chap.” All this
 was casually in his mind, but he let his
 tired eyes droop, and his hand that hung
 over the teakwood arm of the chair rested
 upon the girl’s shoulder.

   “ Bootea will soon go so that the sahib
 may sleep, for he is tired,” she said. “ But
 first there is something to be said, and I
 have come close to the sahib because men
 not alone whisper in the dark, but they
 listen.”

   The hand that rested on Bootea’s shoul-
 der lifted to her cheek, and strong fingers
 caressed its oval.

   “ Would the sahib sleep, and would his
 mind rest if he knew where the two who
 rode are?”

  Barlow sat bolt upright in the chair,
 roused, the lethargy gone, as if he had
 poured raw whisky down his throat. And
 he was glad; the closed door and the drawn
 curtains were not now things of debase-
 ment. Curious that he should care what
 this little Hindu maid was like, but he did.
 His hand now clasped the girl’s wrist; it al-
 most hurt in its tenseness.

  “ Yes, Gulab ”—and he subdued his
 voice—“ tell me if you know.”

  “ They are dead upon the road beyond
 where you saved Bootea.”

   “ Why didn’t you tell me this before?”

   “ It was too late, sahib; and if you had
 gone there they would have killed you.”

  “ Who?”

    “ That I cannot tell.”

    “ You must, Gulab.”

    “ No, Bootea will not.”

    Barlow stared angrily into the big eyes
 that were lifted to his, that, though they
 lingered in soft loving upon his face, told
 him that she would not tell, that she would
 die first, even as he would have given his
 life if he had been captured by tribesmen
 and asked to betray his fellowmen as the
 price of liberty.

   He threw himself back wearily in the
 chair. “ Why tell me this now—to mock
 me, to exult?’’ he said, reproach in his voice.

    “ But it is the message, sahib, that is
 more than the life of a sepoy, is it not?”
 Again he sat up. “ Why do you say this
 —do you know where it is?”

   She drew from beneath her bodice the
 sandal soles, saying: “ These are from the
 feet of the messenger who is dead. The one
 the sahib beat over the head with his pistol
 dropped them—and he was carrying them
 for a purpose. The sahib knows, perhaps,
 the secret way of this land.”

    In the girl’s hand was clasped the knife
 from her girdle, and she tendered it, hilt
 first. “ Bootea knows not if they are of
 value, the leather soles, but if the sahib
 would open them, then if there are eyes
 that watch the curtains are drawn.”

    Barlow revivified, stimulated by hope,
 seized the knife and ran its sharp point
 around the stitching of the soles. Between
 the double leather of one lay a thin, strong
 parchmentlike paper.

    He gave a cry of exultation as, unfold-
 ing it, he saw the seal of his raj. His cry
 was a gasp of relief. Almost the shatter-
 ment of his career had lain in that worn, dis-
 colored sole, and disaster to his raj if it had
 fallen into the hands of the conspirators.

    In an ecstacy of relief he sprang to his
 feet, and lifting Bootea, clasped her in his
 arms, smothering her face with kisses,
 whispering: “ Gulab, you are my pre-
 server; you are the sweetest rose that ever
 bloomed!”

 He felt the pound of her heart against
his breast, and her eyes mirrored a happi-
ness that caused him to realize that he was
going too far—drifting into troubled waters
that threatened destruction. The girl’s
CASTE.

725

soul had risen to her eyes and looked out
as though he were a god.

  As if Bootea sensed the same impending
evil, she pushed Barlow from her and sank
back to the cushion, her face shedding its
radiancy.

  Cursing himself for the impetuous out-
burst Barlow slumped into the chair.

  “ Gulab,” he said presently, “ my gov-
ernment gives reward for loyalty and serv-
ice.”

   “ Bootea has had full reward,” the girl
answered.

  He continued: “ We had talk on the
road about the Pindaris; what did they who
whisper in the dark say?”

  “ That the chief, Amir Khan, has gath-
ered an army, and they fear that because
of Em English bribe he will attack the Mah-
rattas; so the Dewan has brought men
from Karowlee to go into the camp of the
Pindaris in disguise, and slay the chief for
a reward.”

  This information, coming from Bootea,
was astounding. Neither Resident Hodson
nor Captain Barlow had suspected that
there had been a leak.

  “ And was there talk of this message
from the British to—” Barlow checked.

  “ To the sahib?” Bootea asked. “ Not
of the message; but it was whispered that
one would go to the Pindari camp to talk
with Amir Khan, and perhaps it was the
sahib they meant. And perhaps they knew
he waited for orders from the government.”

  Then suddenly it flashed upon Barlow
that because of this he had been marked.
The foul riding in the game of polo that so
nearly put him out of commission—it had
been deliberately foul, he knew that, but
he had attributed it to a personal anger on
the part of the Mahratta officer, bred of
rivalry in. the game and the fantastical hate
of an individual Hindu for an Englishman.

  “ Now that a message has come will the
sahib go to the Pindari camp?” Bootea per-
sisted.

  “•Why do you ask, Gulab?”

  “ Not in the way of treachery, but be-
cause the sahib is now like a god; and be-
cause I may again be of service, for those
who will slay Amir Khan will also slay the
sahib.”

  “ Gulab—”

  Barlow’s voice was drowned by yells of
terror in the outer room.

  “ Thieves! Thieves have broken in to
rob, and they have stolen my lamp!
Chowkidar, chowkidar! WTake, son of a
pig!”

  It was the bearer, who, suddenly wak-
ened by some noise, had in the dark groped
for his lamp and found it missing.

  “ Heavens! ” the captain exclaimed.
“ Now the cook house will be empty—the
servants will come!” He rubbed a hand
perplexedly over his forehead. “ Quick,
Gulab, you must hide!”

  He swung open a wooden door between
his room and a bedroom next. Within he
said: “ There’s a bed, and you must sleep
here till daylight, then I will have the chcrua-
kidar take you to where you wish to go.
You couldn’t go in the dark anyway. Bar
the door; you will be quite safe. Don’t be
frightened.” He touched her cheek with
his fingers. “ Salaam, little girl.” Then,
going out, he opened the door leading to
the room of clamor, exclaiming angrily:

“ You fool, why do you scream in your
dreams?”

  “ God be thanked! It is the sahib.”
The bearer flopped to his knees and put his
hands in abasement upon his master’s feet.

  JUngwa had rushed into the room, staff
in hand, at the outcry. Now he stood
glowering indignantly upon the groveling
bearer.

  “ It is the opium, sahib,” he declared.

“ This fool spends all his time in the bazaar
smoking with people of ill repute. If the
Presence will but admonish him with the
whip our slumbers will not again be dis-
turbed.”

   The bearer, running true to the tenets of
native servants, put up a flat denial.

  “ Sahib, you who are my father and my
mother, be not angry, for I have not slept.

I observed the sahib pass, but as he spoke
not, I thought he had matters of import
upon his mind and wished not to be dis-
turbed.”

  “A liar—by Mother Gunga!” The
chowkidar prodded him in the ribs with the
end of his staff, and turning in disgust,
passed out.
726

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Come, you fool!” Barlow commanded,
returning to his room, and, sitting down
wearily upon the bed, held up a leg.

   The bearer knelt and in silence stripped
the puttees from his master’s limbs, unlaced
the shoes, and pulled off the breeches.

  When Barlow had slipped on the pyjamas
handed him, he said: “ Tell the chowkidar
to come to me at his waking from the first
call of the crows.”

CHAPTER XIII.

DAMN THE THING!

AN omen of dire import all thugs be-
lieve is to hear the cry of a kite be-
tween midnight and dawn; to hear
it before midnight does not matter, for the
sleeper in turning over smothers the im-
pending disaster beneath his body. But
Captain Barlow had put up no such de-
fense if evil hung over him, for when the
cliowkidar stood outside the door calling
softly, “Captain Sahib! Captain Sahib!”
Barlow lay just as he had flopped on the
bed, his tiredness having held him as one
dead.

  Gently the soft, voice of the chowkidar
pulled him back out of his nirvana of non-
existance, and he called sleepily, “ What
is it?”

  “ It is Jungwa,” the wratchman answered,
“ and I have received the sahib’s order to
come at this hour.”

  Then Barlow remembered. He swung his
feet to the floor, saying: “ Come!”

  When the watchman had walked out of
his sandals to approach in his bare feet,
the captain said: “ Is your tongue still to
remain in your mouth, Jungwa, or has it
been made sacrifice to the knife for the sin
of telling in the cookhouse tales of your
ahib and last night?”

  “ No, sahib, I have not spoken. I am a
Meena of the Ossary jat. In Jaipur we
guard the treasury and the zenanna of the
rajah, and it is our chief who puts the tika
upon the forehead of the Maharaja when
he ascends to the thrown. Think you then,
sahib, that an Ossary would betray a
trust?”

Barlow fixed the lean, saffron-hued face

with a searching look, and muttered:
“ Damned if I don’t believe the old chap
is straight! I think it is true,” he said.
“ Shut the door.” Then he continued:
“ The one who came last night is in the
next room, and you must take her out
through the bathroom door, for there is
cover of the crotons and oleanders, and
then to the road. Acquire a gharry and go
with her to where she directs you.”

   “ Salaam, sahib! Your servant will obey,
and as to the chota hazri, sahib?”

  “ By Jove! Right you are, Jungwa,” for
Barlow had forgotten that—the little
breakfast, as it was called.

   Then he ran his fingers through his hair.
To send the Gulab off without even a cup
of tea was one thing; to admit the bearer
to know of her presence was another.

  The wily old watchman sensed what was
passing in his master’s mind, and he haz-
arded, diplomatically: “ If the one is of
high caste she will not eat what is brought
by the bearer who is of the Sudra caste, but
from the hands of a Meena none but the
Brahmin pundits refuse food.”

  Barlow laughed: indeed the grizzled one
had perception—he was an accomplice in
the plot of secrecy.

  “Good! Eggs and toast and tea. De-
mand plenty—say your sahib is hungry be-
cause of a long ride and nothing to eat.
But hurry, I hear the ‘ seven sisters ’
(crows) calling to sleepers that the sun is
here with its warmth.”

  Then the bearer entered, but Barlow or-
dered him awav, saving, “ Sit without till I
call.”

  As he slipped into breeches and brown
riding boots he cursed softly the entangle-
ment that had thrust upon him this thing
of ill flavor. Of course the watchman, even
if he did keep his mouth shut, which would
be a miracle in that land of bazaar gossip,
would have but one opinion of why Bootea
had spent the night in the bungalow. But
if Barlow squared this by speaking of a
secret mission, that would be a knowledge
that could be exchanged for gold. Per-
haps not all servants were spies, but there
were always spies among servants.

  “ Damn the thing! ” he muttered, but he
was helpless. The old man would give no
CASTE.

727

sign of what, no doubt, was in his mind;
he would hold that leathery face in placid
acquiescence in prevalent moral vagary.

  Then he tapped lightly on the wooden
door, calling softly, “Bootea! Bootea!”
When it was opened he said: “ Food is
coming, Gulab. A man of caste brings it,
and it is but eggs from which no life has
been taken, so you may eat. Then the
chowkidar will go with you.”

  Jungwa brought the breakfast and put
it down, saying, “ I will wait, sahib, outside
the bathroom door.”

  “ Here is money—ten rupees for what-
ever is needed. Be courteous to the lady,
for she is not a nautchni.”

  “ The sahib would entertain none such,”
the chowkidar answered with a grave
salaam.

  “ Damn the thing!” Barlow groaned.

CHAPTER XIV.

she’s the keynote.

AN hour later Barlow, mounted on a
.stalky Cabuli polo pony, rode to the
Residency, happy over the papers in
his pocket, but troubling over how he
could explain their possession, and keep the
girl out of it. To even mention the Gulab,
unless he fabricated a story, would let es-
cape the night ride, and, no doubt, in the
perversity of things, Resident Hodson
would want to know where she was and
where he had taken her, and insist on hav-
ing her produced for an official inquisition.
The Resident, a machine, would sacrifice
a native woman without a tremor to the
official gods.

  Barlow could formulate no plausible
method; he could not hide the death of the
two native messengers, and would simply
have to take the stand of “ Here is this
message from his excellency, and as to
how I came by it is of as little importance
as an order from the War Office regulating
the color of thread that attaches buttons to
a tunic.”

  He turned the Cabuli up the wide drive
that led to the Residency, the big white
walled bungalow in which Hodson lived,
and shook his riding crop toward Elizabeth,

who was reading upon the veranda. He
swung from the saddle, and held out his
hand to the girl, saying cherrily, “ Hello,
Beth! Didn’t you ride this morning, or
are you back early?”

  The novel seemed to require support of
the girl’s hand, or she had not observed that
of the caller. Her face, always emotion-
less, was repellent in its composure as she
said: “ Father is just inside in his office
with a native, and I fancy it’s one of the
usual dark things of mystery, for he asked
me to sit here by the window that he might
have both air and privacy. I’m to warn off
all who might stand here against the wall
with an open ear.”

  “ I’ll pull a chair up and chat with you
till he’s—”

  “ No, Captain Barlow.” Barlow winced
at this formality. “ Father, I’m sure, wants
you in this matter; in fact, I think a chu-
prassi is on his way now to your bungalow
with the Resident’s salaams.”

  “ I’m ghastly tired, Beth. I’ll come back
to you,” said Barlow.

  “ Yes, India is enervating,” she com-
mented in a flat tone.

  Barlow had a curious impression that
the girl’s gray eyes had turned yellow as
she made this observation.

  “ Ah, captain, glad you’ve come,” Hod-
son said, rising and extending a hand across
a flat-topped desk. “ I’m—I’m—well, pull
a chair. This is one Ajeet Singh,” and he
drooped slightly his thin, lean, bald head
toward the Bagree chief, who stood stiff and
erect, one arm in a sling.

  At this Ajeet, knowing it for an informal
introduction, put his hand to his forehead,
and said, “ Salaam, sahib.”

  “ Tulwar play, sir, and an appeal for pro-
tection to the British, eh?” and Barlow in-
dicated the arm in the sling.

  Still speaking in English, Hodson said:
“ As to that ”—he pursed his thin lips—•
“something dreadful has happened; this
man has been mixed up in a decoity and
has come for protection; he wants to turn
approver.”

  “ The usual thing. When these cut-
throats are likely to be caught they turn
Judas; to save their own necks they offer
a sacrifice of their comrades.”
728

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yes,” the Resident affirmed, “ but I’m
glad he came. Perhaps we had better just
sit tight and let him go on—he’s only nicely
started. I’ve practically promised him
that if what he confesses is of service to
his excellency’s government I will give him
our conditional pardon, and use what in-
fluence I have with the Peshwa. But I
fancy that old Baji Rao is mixed up in it
himself.”

  He turned to the decoit: “ Commence
again, and tell the truth, and if I believe,
you may be given protection from the Brit-
ish; but as to Sindhia, I have no power to
protect his criminals.”

  The decoit cleared his throat and began:
“ I, Ajeet Singh, hold allegiance to the
Rajah of Karowlee, and am chief of .the
Bagrees, who are decoits.”

  The Resident held up his hand. “ Have
patience.” He rose, and took from a little
cabinet a small alabaster figure of Kali
which he placed upon the table, saying in
English to Barlow, “ When these decoits
confess to be made approvers, half of the
confession is lies; for to swear them on our
Bible is as little use as playing a tin
whistle. If he’s a Bagree this is his goddess.”
In Hindu he said: “ Ajeet Singh, if you
are a Bagree decoit you are in the protec-
tion of Bhowanee, and you make oath to
her.”

  “ Yes, sahib”

  “ This is Bhowanee—that is your name
for Kali—and with obeisance to her make
oath that you will tell the truth.”

  “ Yes, sahib, it is the proper way.”

! “ Proceed.”

  The jamadar, with the fingers of his two
hands clasped to his forehead in obeisance,
declared: “ If I, Ajeet Singh, tell that
which is not trua, Mother Kali, may thy
wrath fall upon me and my family.”

  Then Hodson shifted the black goddess
and let it remain upon a corner of his table,
surmising that the sight of it would help.

  “ Speak, now,” the Resident commanded,
and the jamadar proceeded.

  “ Dewan Sewlal sent to Rajah Karowlee
for men for a mission, and whether it was
in the letter he sent that thugs should come
I know not, but in our party were thugs,
and that led to why I am here.”

    What is the difference, Ajeet?” Hod-
son asked sharply. “ You are a decoit who
robs and kills, and thugs kill and rob; you
are both disciples of this murderous crea-
ture, Kali.”

  “ We who are decoits, while we make
offerings to Kali, are not thugs. They have
a chief mission of murder, while we have
but a desire to gain for our families from
the rich. The thugs came in this wise,
sahib. Bhowanee created them from the
sweat of her arms, and gave to them her
tooth for a pick-ax, which is their emblem;
a rib for a knife, and the hem of her gar-
ment for a noose to strangle. The hem of
her sacred garment was yellow and white,
and the roomal that they strangle with is
yellow and white. They are thugs, sahib,
and we are decoits.”

  “ A fine distinction, sir,” and Barlow
laughed.

  “ Proceed,” Hodson commanded.

  “ We were told by the Dewan to go to
the camp of the Pindaris and bring back
the head of Amir Khan.”

  “Lovely!” Barlow muttered softly; but
Hodson started, a slight rouge crept over
his pale face and he said: “ By gad! this
grows interesting, my dear captain.”

  “ Absolutely Oriental,” Barlow added.
Then when their voices had stilled Ajeet
continued: “ But Hunsa had ridden with
the Pindari chief and he knew that he was
well guarded, and that it would be impos-
sible to bring his head in a basket, so we re-
fused to go on this mission. The Dewan
was angry and would not give us food or
pay. Through Hunsa the Dewan sent word
that we must obtain our living in the way
of our profession, which is decoity.”

  “ I wonder?” Barlow queried.

  But Hodson, nodding his head, said:
“ Quite possible; and also quite probable
that the dear avaricious Dewan would
claim a share of the loot if it were of value,
jewels especially.” He addressed Ajeet:
“ I have nothing to do with this; I am not
Sindhia.”

  “ True, Sahib Bahadur, but a decoity
was made upon a merchant on the road,
and he and his men were killed, and also
two English sowars were slain.”

  “By Heavens!” The cool, trained,
CASTE.

729

bloodless machine that was a British Resi-
dent at a court of intrigue, was startled
out of his composure; his eyes flashed to
those of Barlow.

   But the captain, knowing all this before-
hand, had an advantage, and he showed no
sign of trepidation.

  Then the thin, drawn face of the Resi-
dent was flattened out by control, and he
commanded the decoit to talk on.

   “ I tried to save the two sepoys, and one
was a sergeant, but I was stricken down
with a wound, and it was in the way of
treachery.”

  Ajeet laid a hand upon his wounded
shoulder, saying, “ When the two sepoys
rode suddenly out of the night into our
camp, where there in the moonlight lay
the bodies of the merchant and his men,
the Bagree were afraid lest the two should
make report. They rushed upon the two
riders, and it was then that I was wounded.

1 would have been killed but for this pro-
tection,” and Ajeet rubbed affectionately
the beautiful, strong shirt of mail that en-
wrapped his torso.

  “ And observe, sahib, the wound is from
behind, which is a wound of treachery. As
I rushed to the two and cried to them to
be gone, a ball from a short gun in the
hands of some Bagree smote me upon the
shoulder, and this ”—he again touched the
shirt of mail—“ and my shoulder blade
turned it from my heart. Even then Hunsa
thought I was dead. And he was in league
with the Dewan to obtain for Xana Sahib*
a girl of my household, who is called the
Gulab, because she is as beautiful as the
moon.”

  At this statement Barlow knew why the
man he had beaten with his pistol had tried
to seize the Gulab. It was startling. The
leg that had rested across a knee clamped
noisily to the floor, and a smothered
“Damn!” escaped from his lips. What a
devilish complicated thing it was.

  Ajeet resumed: “ Hunsa rushed to
where the Gulab was in hiding and helped
the men who had been sent by Xana Sahib
to steal her. Then he came back to our
camp saying that many men had beaten
him, and that he had been forced to flee.”

  At this vagary Barlow smiled.

  “ What of the two soldiers?” Hodson
asked. “ Why were they here in this land
and at the camp of the Bagrees?”

   “ I know not, sahib."

  “ Were the bodies robbed by your men
—they would be—did they find papers that
would indicate the two were messengers?”
and the Resident’s bloodless fingers that
clasped a pen were trembling with the sup-
pression of the awful interest he strove to
hide, for he knew, as well as Barlow, what
their mission was.

  “ Yes, sahib, they were stripped and the
bodies thrown in the pit with the others.
Eight rupees were taken, but as to papers
I know nothing.”

  “ Where is the woman you call the
Gulab?”

  “ She will be in the hands of Nana
Sahib,” Ajeet answered, “ and because of
that I have come to confess so your honor
will save my life from him, for he will
make accusation that I was the chief of
those who killed the soldiers of the British:
and that the sahib will cause to have re-
turned to me the Gulab.”

  The Resident took from a drawer a form,
and his pen scratched irritably at blanks
here and there. He tossed it over to Bar-
low, saying, “ I’m going to give this decoit
this provisional pardon; perhaps it will nail
him. What he has confessed is of value.
You translate this to him while I think; I
can’t make mistakes—I must not.”

  Captain Barlow read to Ajeet the par-
don, which was the form adopted by the
British government to be issued to certain
thugs and decoits who became spies, called
approvers, for the British:

     “ You, Ajeet Singh, are promised exemption
   from the punishment of death and transporta-
   tion beyond seas for all past offenses, and
   such reasonable indulgence as your services
   may seem to merit, and may be compatible
   with your safe custody on condition: first,
   that you make full confession of all the de-
   coities in which you have been engaged. Sec-
   ond, that you mention truly the names of all
   your associates in these crimes, and assist to
   the utmost of your power in their arrest and
   conviction. If you act contrary to these con-
   ditions—conceal any of the circumstances of
   the decoities in which you have been en-
   gaged—screen any of your friends- attempt
   to escape—or accuse any innocent nenaw—
730

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  you shall be considered to have forfeited
  thereby all claims to such exemption and
  indulgence.”

  When the captain had finished inter-
preting this the Resident passed it to the
decoit, saying, “ This will protect you from
the British. You are now bound to the
British; and I want you to bring me any
papers that may have been found upon the
two soldiers. Bring here this woman, the
Gulab, if you can find her. Go now.”
When Ajeet, with a deep salaam, had
gone from the room Hodson threw himself
back in his chair wearily and sighed. Then
he said: “A woman! The jamadar was
lying—all that stuff about Nana Sahib.
There’s been some deviltry; they’ve used
this woman to trap the messengers; that’s
India. It’s the papers they were after;
they must have known they were coming,
and they’ve hidden the woman. We’ve got
to lay hands upon her, captain—she’s the
keynote.”

CHAPTER XV.

“ I CAN TRUST NO ONE.”

BARLOW had waited until the decoit
would have gone before showing the
papers that were in his pocket, be-
cause it was an advantage that the enemy
should think them lost. He was checked
now as he put a hand in his pocket to pro-
duce them by the entrance of Elizabeth,
and he fancied there was a sneer on her
thin lips.

  “ Father,” she said, as she leaned against
the desk, one hand on its teakwood top,
“ I’ve been listening to the handsome leader
of thieves; I couldn’t help hearing him. I
fancy that Captain Barlow could tell you
just where this woman, the Gulab, who is
as beautiful as the moon is. I’m sure he
could bring her here—if he would."

  The captain’s fingers unclasped from the
papers in his pocket, and now were beating
a tattoo on his knee.

  “Elizabeth!” the father gasped. “Do
you know what you are saying?” His cold,
gray eyes were wide with astonishment.
“ Did you hear all of Ajeet Singh’s story?”

  “ Yes, all of it.”

  “ It’s your friend, Nana Sahib, whom
you treat as if he were an Englishman and
to be trusted, that knows where this woman

is, Elizabeth.”

  A cynical laugh issued from the girl’s
lips that were so like her father’s in their
unsympathetic contour. “ Yes, one may
trust men, but a woman’s eyes are given
her to prevent disaster from this trust
which is so natural to the deceivable sex.”

  “ Elizabeth! You do not know what
you are saying—what the inference would
be.”

   “ Ask Captain Barlow if he doesn’t know
all about the Gulab’s movements.”

  The Resident pushed irritably some pa-
pers on his desk, and turning in his chair,
asked, “ Can you explain this, captain—
what it is all about?”

  There were ripples of low temperature
chilling the base of Barlow’s skull. “ I
can’t explain it—it’s beyond me,” he an-
swered doggedly.

   The girl turned upon him with ferocity.
“ Don’t lie, Captain Barlow. A British
officer does not lie to his superior.”

  “ Hush, Beth,” the father pleaded.

  “ Don’t you know, Captain Barlow,”
the girl demanded, “ that this woman, the
Gulab, is one who uses her beauty to be-
tray men, even sahibs?”

  “ No, I don’t know that, Miss Hodson.
I saw her dance at Nana Sahib’s, and I’ve
heard Ajeet’s statement. I don’t know
anything evil of the girl, and I don’t be-
lieve it.”

  “ A man’s sense of honor where a woman
is concerned—lie to protect her. I have
no illusions about the sahibs in India,” she
continued, in a tone that was devilish in
its cynicism, “ but I did think that a Brit-
ish officer would put his duty to his king
above the shielding of a nautch girl.”
“Elizabeth!” Hodson rose and put a
hand upon the girl’s arm. “ Do you realize
that you are doing a dreadful thing—that
you are impeaching Captain Barlow’s honor
as a soldier?”

  Barlow’s face was white, and Hodson
was trembling, but the girl stood, a merci-
less, cold triumph in her face. “ I do real-
ize that, father. For the girl I care noth-
ing, nor for Captain Barlow’s intrigue with
CASTE.

731

such. But I am the daughter of the man
who represents the British raj here.”

   Barlow, knowing the full deviltry of this
high protestation, knowing that Elizabeth,
imperious, dominating, cold-blooded, was
knifing a supposed rival—a rival not in
love, for he fancied Elizabeth was in-
capable of love—felt a surge of indignation.

   “ For God’s sake, Elizabeth, what impos-
sible thing has led you to believe that Cap-
tain Barlow has anything to do with this
girl?” the father asked.

   “ I’ll tell you; the matter is too grave for
me to remain silent. This morning I rode
early—earlier than usual, for I wanted to
pick up the captain before he had started.
As I turned my mount into his compound
I saw, coming from the back of the bunga-
low, this native woman, and she was being
taken away by his chowkidar. She had
just come out some back door of the bunga-
low, for from the drive I could see the open
space that lay between the bungalow and
the servants’ quarters.”

  Hodson dropped a hand to the teakwood
desk; it looked inadequate, thin, bloodless;
blue veins mapped its white back. “ You
are mistaken, Elizabeth, I’m sure—”

   “ No, father, I was not mistaken. There
are not many native girls like the Gulab,
I'll admit. As she turned a clump of cro-
tons she saw me sitting my horse and dre%v
a gauze scarf across her face to hide it. I
waited, and asked the chowkidar if it were
his daughter, and the old fool said it was
the wife of his son; and the girl that he
claimed was his son’s wife had the iron
bracelet of a Hindu widow on her arm.
And the Gulab wears one—I saw it the
night she danced.”

   A ghastly hush fell upon the three. Bar-
low was moaning inwardly, “ Poor Boo-
tea!’’ Hodson, fingers pressed to both
temples, was trying to think this was all
the mistaken outburst of an angry woman.
The strong-faced, honest, fearless soldier
sitting in the chair could not be a traitor—
could not be.

  Suddenly something went awry in the in-
flamed chambers of Elizabeth’s mind, as if
an electric current had been abruptly shut
off. She hesitated; she had meant to say
more, but there was a staggering vacuity.

  With an effort she grasped a wavering
thing of tangibility, and said, “ I’m going
now, father, to give the keys to the butler
for breakfast. You can question Captain
Barlow.”

  Elizabeth turned and left the room. Her
feet were like dependents, servants, that she
had to direct to carry her on her way. She
did not call to the butler, but went to her
room, closed the door, flung herself on the
bed, face downward, and sobbed. Tears
that scalded splashed her cheeks, and she
beat passionately with clenched fist at the
pillow, beating, as she knew, at her heart.
It was incredible, this thing, her feelings.

  “ I don’t care—I don’t care—I never
did!” she gasped.

  But she did, and only now knew it.

  “ I was right—I’m glad—I’d say it
again! ”

  But she would not, and she knew it. She
knew that Barlow could not be a traitor;
she knew it; it was just a battered new
love asserting itself.

  And below in the room the two men for
a little sat not speaking of the ghoulish
thing. Barlow had drawn the papers from
his pocket; he passed them silently across
the table.

  Hodson, almost mechanically, had
stretched a hand for them, and when they
were opened, and he saw7 the seal, and real-
ized what they were, some curious guttural
sound issued from his lips as if he had
waked in affright from a nightmare. He
pulled a drawer of the desk open, took out
a cheroot, and lighted it. Then he com-
menced to speak, slowly, droppingly, as one
speaks who has suddenly been detected in a
crime. He put a flat hand on the papers,
holding them to the desk. And it was Eliza-
beth he spoke of at first, as if the thing un-
der his palm, that meant danger to an em-
pire, was subservient.

  “ Barlow, my boy,” he said, “ I’m old;
I’m tired.”

  The captain, looking into the drawn face,
had a curious feeling that Hodson was at
least a hundred. There was a floaty won-
derment in his mind why the fifty-five-
years’ service retirement rule had not been
enforced in the colonel’s case. Then he
heard the other’s words.
732

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ I've had but two gods, Barlow—the
British raj and Elizabeth; that’s since her
mother died. In a little, a few years more,

I	will retire with just enough to live on plus

my pension—perhaps in France where it’s
cheap. And then I’ll still have two gods—
Elizabeth and the one God. And, captain,
somehow I had hoped that you and Eliza-
beth would hit it off, but I’m afraid she!s
made a mistake.”

  Barlow had been following this with half
his receptivity, for, though he fought
against it, the memory of Bootea—gentle,
trusting, radiating love, warmth—cried out
against the bitter unfeminity of the girl
who had stabbed his honor and his clean-
ness. The black figure of Kali still rested
on the table, and somehow the evil lines in
the face of the goddess suggested the vin-
dictiveness that had played about the thin
lips of his accuser.

  And the very plea the father was mak-
ing was reacting. It was this, that he, Bar-
low, was rich, that a chance death or two
would make him Lord Barradean, was the
attraction—not love. A girl couldn’t be in
love with a man and strive to break him.

  Hodson had taken up the papers, and
was again scanning them mistily.

  “ They were on the murdered messenger
—he was killed, wasn’t he. Barlow?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ And has any native seen these papers,
captain?”

  “ No. I cut them from the soles of the
sandals the messenger wore myself, sir.”

  “ That is all, then, captain. We have
them back—I may say, thank God!” He
stood up, and holding out his hand, added,
“ Thank you. captain. I don’t want to
know anything about the matter—I’m too
much machine now to measure rainbows—
fancy I should wear a strip of red tape as
a tie.”

  “If you will listen, sir—there is another
matter that I want to put right. Your
daughter did see the Gulab, but because
she had brought me the sandals. And you
can take an officer's word for it that the
Gulab is not what Elizabeth believes.”

  “ Captain, I have lived a long time in
India, too long to be led away by quick im-
pressions, as unfortunately Elizabeth was.

I’ve outlived my prejudices. When the
mhowa tree blooms I can take glorious
pleasure from its gorgeous fragrant flowers
and not quarrel with its leafless limbs.
When the pipal and the neem glisten with
star flowers and sweeten the fetid night air,
it matters nothing to me that the natives
believe evil gods home in the branches. I
know that even a cobra tries to get out of
my way if I’ll let him, and I know that the
natives have beauty in their natures—one
gets to almost love them as children. So,
my dear captain, when you tell me that the
Gulab rendered you and me and the British
raj this tremendous service, and add, quite
unnecessarily, that she’s a good girl, I be-
lieve it all; we need never bring it up again.
Elizabeth has just made a mistake. And,
Barlow, men axe always forgiving mis-
takes of women where their feelings are
concerned—they must—that is one of the
proofs of their strength. But these ”—and
he patted the papers lovingly—“ well, they
are rather like a reprieve brought at the
eleventh hour to a man who is to be exe-
cuted. We’re put in a difficult position,
though. To pass over in silence the killing
of tw o soldiers would end only in the House
of Commons; somebody would rise in his
place and want to know why it had been
hushed up. But to take action, to create
a stir, would give rise to a suspicion of the
existence of this.”

  Hodson rose from his chair and paced
the floor, one hand clasped to his forehead,
his small gray eyes carrying a dream-look
as though he were seeking an occult en-
lightenment; then he sat down wearily, and
spoke as if interpreting something that had
been whispered him.

  “ Yes, Barlow, this decoit has been seized
by the Nana Sahib lot. His life was for-
feit, and they’ve offered him his life back
to come here and turn approver—to be-
come a spy, not for us, but as a spy on us
for them. Ajeet would know that informa-
tion of his coming to»me would be carried
to them by spies—the spies are always
with me—and his life wouldn’t be worth
two annas. I gave him that pardon be-
cause we have no power to seize him here,
but it will make them think that we have
fallen into the trap. They might even be-
CASTE.

733

lieve—wily and suspicious as they are—
that what he gleans here is the truth.

  “ There’s a curious efficacy, Barlow, in
what I might call an affectation of sim-
plicity. You know those stupid heavy-
headed crocodiles in that big pool of the
Nerbudda below the marble gorge, and how
they’ll take nearly an hour wallowing and
sidling up to a mud bank before they crawl
out to bask in the sun; but just show the
tip of your helmet above a rock and they’re
gone. That’s perhaps what I mean. As
we might say back in dear old London, this
wily Rajput thinks he has pulled my leg.”

  “ I think, colonel, that you are dead onto
his wicket.”

  “ Well, then, the thing to do is to emu-
late the mugger. But this ”—Hodson lifted
the paper and he grew crisp, incisive, his
gray eyes blued like temper purpling pol-
ished steel—“ we’ve got to act—they’ve got
to be delivered, and soon.”

  “ I am ready, sir.”

  “ It’s a most dangerous mission.”

  “ Pardon, sir?”

  “ Sorry, captain. I was just thinking
aloud—musing; forgive me. Perhaps when
one likes a young man he lets the paternal
spirit come in where it doesn’t belong. I’m
sorry. There’s a trusty Patan here who
could go with you,” Hodson continued,

“ and this side of his own border he is abso-
lutely to be trusted. I have my doubts if
any Patan can be relied upon by us across
the border.”

  “ I will go alone,” Barlow said quietly.
Then his strong, white teeth showed in a
smile. “ You know the Moslem saying,
colonel, that ten dervishes can sleep on one
blanket, but a kingdom can only hold one
king. I don’t mean about the honor of it,
but it will be easier for me. I went alone
through the Maris tribe when we wanted
to know what the trouble was that threat-
ened up above the Bolan, and I had no dif-
ficulty. You know, sir, the playful name
the chaps have given me for years?”

  “ Yes—the ‘ Patan ’—I’ve heard it.”

  “ I make a good Musselman—scarce
need any make-up, I’m so dark; I can
rattle off the namaz—daily prayer—and
sing the moonakib—the hymn of the fol-
lowers of the prophet.”

  “ Yes,” Hodson said, his words coming
slowly out of a deep think, “ there will be
Patans in the Pindari camp; in fact, Pin-
dari is an all-embracing name, having little
of nationality about it. Rajputs, Bundoolas,
Patans, men of Oudh, Sindies—men who
have the lust of battle and loot, all flock to
the Pindari chief. Yes, it’s a good idea,
captain, the disguise; not only for an un-
noticed entrance to the camp, but to escape
a waylaying by Nana Sahib's cutthroats.”
“ Yes, colonel, from what I have learned
—from the Gulab, it was, sir—the Dewan
has an inkling that I am going on a mis-
sion; and if I rode as myself the king might
lose an officer, and officers cost pounds in
the making.”

  The Resident toyed with the papers on
his desk, his brow wrinkled from a debate
going on behind it. He rose, and grasping
the black Kali, carried it back to the cab-
inet, saying, “ That devilish thing, so sug-
gestive of what we are ahvays up against
here, makes me shiver.”

  Then he sat dowm, adding, “ Captain,
there is another important matter connected
with this. The Rana of Udaipur is being
stripped of every rupee by Holkar and
Sindhia; they take turn about at him. Hol-
kar is up there now, where we have chased
him—threatened to sack Udaipur unless he
were paid seventy lacs—seven million
rupees—the accursed thief! We have man-
aged to get an envoy to the Rana with a
view to having him, and the other smaller
rulers of Mewar, join forces with us to
crush forever the Mahratta power—drive
them out of Mewar for all time. The Raj-
puts are a brave lot—men of high thought,
and it is too bad to have these accursed
cutthroats bleeding to death such a race.
If the Rana would sign this paper also as
an assurance of friendship, to be shown the
Pindari chief, it would help greatly.”

  “ I understand, colonel. You wish me to
get that from the Rana?”

   “ Yes, captain; and I may say that if you
can get through with all this there will be no
question about your majority; you might
even go higher up than major.”

  “ By Jove! As to that, my dear colonel,
this trip is just good sport—I love it. Less
danger than playing polo with these rotters.
734

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 I’ll swing over to Udaipur first—it’s just
 west of the Pindari camp—been there once
 before on a little pow-wow—then I’ll switch
 back to Amir Khan.”

   “ I wish you luck, captain, but be care-
 ful. If we can feel sure that this horde of
 Pindaris are not hovering on our army’s
 flank, like the Russians hovered on Na-
 poleon’s in the Moscow affair, it will be a
 great thing—you will have accomplished a
 wonderful thing.”

   “ Right you are, sir!” Barlow exclaimed
blithely. The stupendous task, for it was
that, toniced him; he was like a sportsman
that had received news of a tiger within
killing distance. He rose, and stretched
out his hand for the paper, saying, “ I’ve
got a job of cobbling to do—I’ll put this
between the soles of my sandal, as it was
carried before—it’s the safest place, really.
To-morrow I’ll become an apostate, an Af-
ghan; and I’ll be busy, for I’ve got to do
it all myself. I can trust no one with a
dark skin.”

   “Not even the Gulab, I fear, captain;
no one ever knows when a woman will be
swayed by some mental transition.” He
was thinking of Elizabeth.

   “ You’re right, colonel,” Barlow an-
swered. “ I fancy I could trust the Gulab
—but I won’t.”

CHAPTER XVI.

"it is bootea, sahib.”

CAPTAIN BARLOW had been through
a busy day. The very fact that all he
did in preparation for his journey to
the Pindari camp had been done with his
own hands, held under water, out of sight,
had increased the strain upon him.

   In India in the usual routine of matters,
 a staff of ten servants form a composite
 second self to a sahib—to hand him his
 boots, and lace them; to lay out his clothes,
 and hold them while slipped into; to bring
 a cheroot, or a peg of whisky; a syce to
 bring the horse and rub a towel over the
 saddle—to hold the stirrup, even, for the
 lifted foot, and trotting behind, guard the
 horse when the sahib makes a call; a man
 to go here and there with a note or to post

 a letter; a servant to whisk away a plate
 and replenish the crystal glass with pearl-
 beaded wine without sign from the drinker,
 and appear like a bidden ghost, clad in
 speckless white, silent and impassive of
 face, behind his master’s chair at the table
 when he dines out—everything, in fact, be-
 yond the mental whirl of the brain to be
 arranged by one or other of the ten.

   But this day Barlow had been like a
 man throwing detectives off his trail. Not
 one of his servants must suspect that he
 contemplated a 'ip—no, not just that, for
 the captain had intimated casually to the
 butler that he .ould go soon to Satara.

   Thus it had been arranged secretly that
 he would ride from his bungalow as Captain
 Barlow, and leave the city as Ayub Alii, an
 Afghan.

   Perhaps Barlow was overtired, that curi-
 ous knotted condition of the nerves through
 overstrain that rasps a man’s mental fiber
 beyond the narcotic of sleep, and yet holds
 him in a hectic state of half unconscious-
 ness. He counted camels—long strings of
 bubbling, complaining beasts, short legged,
 stout, shaggy desert ships, such as mer-
 chants of Kabul used to carry their dried
 fruits—figs and dates and pomegranates,
 and the wondrous flavored Sirdar melon—
 wending across the Sind desert of floating
 white sand to Rajasthan.

   Once a male, tickled to frenzy by the
 caress of a female’s velvet lips upon his
 rump, with a hoarse bubbling scream,
 wheeled suddenly, snapping the thin lead
 cord that reached from the tail of the camel
 in front to the button in his nostril, and
 charged the lady in an exuberance of af-
 fection with a full broadside thrust from
 his chest that bowled her over, where she
 lay among the fragments of two huge,
 broken, burned clay gumlas, that, filled
 with water, had been lashed to her sides.

   Barlow sat up at this startling tumult
 that was the outcome of his slipping a little
 into slumber. He threw his head back on
 the pillow with a smothered “Damn!”

   His bed had creaked, and an answering
echo as if something had slipped or slid,
perhaps the sole of a bare foot on the
fibrous floor matting at the window, fell
upon his senses. Turning bis face toward
CASTE.

735

the sound he waited, eyes trying to pierce
the gloom, and ear attuned. He almost
cried out in alarm as something floated
through the dark from the window and fell
with a soft thud upon his face. He brushed
at the something—perhaps a bat, or a liz-
ard or a snake—with his hand and received
a sharp prick, a little dart of pain in a
thumb. He sprang from the bed, lighted
the wick that floated in the iron lamp, and
discovered that the thing of dread was a
rose, its petals red against the white sheet.

  He knew who must have thrown the
rose, and almost wished that it had been
a chance missile, even a snake, but he put
the lamp down, passed into the bathroom,
and unbarring the wooden door, called
softly, “ Who is it?”

  From the cover of an oleander a slight
girlish form rose up and came to the door,
saying, “ It is Bootea, sahib; do not be
angry. There is something to be said.”

  By the arm he led her within, and bid-
ding her wait, passed to the bedroom and
drew the heavy curtains of the windows.
Then he went through the drawing-room
and out to the veranda, where the watch-
man lay asleep on his roped charpoy. Bar-
low woke him. “ There’s a thief prowling
about the bungalow. Do not sleep till I give
you permission. See that no one enters,” he
commanded.

  He went back to his room, closed and
barred the door, and told Bootea to come.

  When the girl entered he said: “ You
should not have come here; there are eyes,
and ears, and evil tongues.”

  “ That is true, sahib, but also death is
evil—sometimes. I have brought this to the
sahib," Bootea said, as she drew a paper
from her breast and passed it to the cap-
tain. It was the pardon the Resident had
given that morning to Ajeet Singh.

  Barlow, though startled, schooled his
voice to an even tone as he asked, “ Where
did you get this—where is Ajeet?”

  “ As to the paper, sahib, what matters
how Bootea came by it; as to Ajeet, he is
in the grasp of the Dewan, who learned
that he had been to the Resident in the
way of treachery.”

  “ Ajeet thought Nana Sahib had stolen
you, Bootea.”

  “ Yes, sahib, for he did not find me when
he went to the camp, and I did not go
there. But now he would betray the sahibs
—that is why I have brought back the pa-
per of protection.”

  “ Will they kill Ajeet?” Barlow asked.

  “ I will tell the sahib what is,” the girl
answered, drawing her sari over her curled
in feet, and leaning one arm on Barlow’s
chair. “ The decoity that was committed
last night was, as Ajeet feared, because of
treachery on the part of the Dewan. I will
tell it all, though it might be thought a
treachery to the decoits. As to being false
to one’s own clan, Ajeet is, because he is a
Bagree—but I am not.”

  Barlow pondered over this statement.
The girl had mystified him—that is as to
her breeding. Sometimes she spoke in the
first person and again in the third person,
like so many natives, as if her language had
been picked up colloquially. But then the
use of the third person when she used
Bootea instead of a nominative pronoun
might be due to a cultured deference to-
ward a sahib.

  “ I thought you were not of these people
—you are of high caste, Bootea,” he said
presently.

  He heard the girl gasp, and looking
quickly into her eyes, saw that they were
staring as if in fright.

  For a space of a few seconds she did not
answer; then she spoke, and Barlow felt her
voice was being held under control by
force of will. “ I am Bootea, one in the
care of Ajeet Singh. That is the present,
sahib, and the past—” She touched the
iron bracelet on her arm, and looked into
Barlow’s eyes as if she asked him to bury
the past.

  “ Sorry, girl—forgive me,” he said.

  “ Ajeet has told why the men were
brought—for what purpose?”

  “ Yes, Gulab—to kill Amir Khan.”

  “ And when they refused to go on this
mission, the Dewan, to get them in his
power, connived with Hunsa to make the
decoity so that their lives would be forfeit;
then if the Dewan punished them for not
going the Rajah of Karowlee could not
make trouble. Hunsa told the Dewan that
if I were sent to»dance before Amir Khan,
736

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  some of the men going as musicians and
  actors, the chief would fall in love with
  me, and that I could betray him to those
  who would kill him; that he would come to
  my tent at night unobserved—because he
  has a wife with him—and that Hunsa
  would creep into the tent and kill him as
  he slept; then we would escape.”

    Barlow sprang to his feet and paced the
  floor; then he plumped into the chair again,
  saying, “ What an unholy scheme, even
  for India. Gad! How I wish I’d killed
  the brute when I had the chance.”

    “ I did not know that Hunsa had pro-
  posed this, neither did Ajeet, for they
  wanted to get him in their power through
  the decoity, so that if he refused permission
  he might be killed. And now Ajeet is
  trapped through the decoity, and Bootea is
  going to the Pindari camp.”

    “ You’re not going to betray Amir Khan,
  have him murdered?” Barlow cried, aghast
  at the villainy, at the thought that one so
  sweet could be forced to complicity in such
  a ghastly crime.

     “ No, sahib, to save his life, for if I do
  not go now Ajeet will be killed, and all the
  others put in prison because of the decoity.
  Worse will happen Bootea—she will be
  placed in the seraglio of Nana Sahib.”

“ Damn it! They can't do that!” Bar-
low exclaimed angrily. “I’ll stop that.”

  “ No, the sahib can’t; and he has a mis-
sion. He is not of the service of protecting
Bootea.”

  “ You can’t save Amir Khan’s life unless
you betray the Bagrees to him?”

  “ Yes, sahib, I can. Perhaps the chief
will like Bootea, and will listen to what
she says. Men such as brave warriors al-
ways treat Bootea not as a nautchni, so I
will ask him not to come to my tent at
night because of ill repute. Hunsa will not
be able to slay him unless it is a trap or my
part to get him from the watching eyes of
his men. If Hunsa becomes suspicious, and
there is real danger, I will threaten that I
will expose him to the chief. If we come
back because we have failed in our mission,
having tried to succeed, it will not be like
refusing to go; and perhaps there will be
mercy shown.”

  “Mercy I” Barlow sneered. “Nana

    Sahib knows nothing of mercy. He’s a
    tiger.”

       “ But if I refuse to go another nautchni
     will be sent, perhaps more beautiful than
     I am, and she would betray the chief, and
     perhaps all would be killed.”

      “ By Jove! You’re some woman, you’re
    magnificent—you’re like a Rajputni prin-
    cess.”

      A slim hand was placed on Barlow’s
    wrist and the girl said, “ Sahib, I am just
    Bootea—please, please!”

       “ And that’s your reason for taking this
     awful chance, to save Ajeet and the others,
     is it?”

       “ There is another reason, sahib.” The
    girl dropped her eyes, and turning a gold
    bangle on her wrist gazed upon a ruby that
    had the contour of a serpents head. Pres-
    ently she asked, “ Will the sahib go to
    Khureyra and have a knife thrust between
    his ribs?”

      Barlow was startled by this query.

    “ Why should I go to Khureyra, Gulab?”

      “ To see Amir Khan.”

      “ What makes you say that?”

    “ Because it is known. But the chief is
  not now there—he has taken his horsemen
  to Saugor.”

    Again this was startling. Also the in-
  formation was of great value. If the Pin-
  dari horde had left the territory of Sind-
  hia and crossed the border into Saugor
  they were closer to the British.

    Barlow patted the girl’s hand, saying,

  “ My salaams to you, little girl.”

     He felt her slim, cool fingers press his
  hand, but he shrank from the claiming
  touch, muttering, “ The damned barrier! ”
  Suddenly Barlow remembered Bootea
  had spoken of another reason for going to
  the Pindari camp. He puzzled over this a
  little, hesitating to question her. She had
  not told him what it was, but had asked if
  he were going there; the reason evidendy
  had something to do with him. It couldn’t
  be treachery—she had done so much for
  him; it must be the something that looked
  out of her eyes when they rested on his
  face, the unworded greatest thing on earth
  in the way of fealty and devotion. Pos-
  sibly this was the grand motive, the reason
  she had given being secondary.

                           6 A
CAS IE.

737

  “ You said, Gulab, that you had another
reason for this awful trip; what is it?” he
asked.

  The girl’s eyes dropped to the ruby
bracelet again. “To acquire merit in the
eyes of Mahadeo, sahib.”

   “ To do good acts so that you may be re-
incarnated as a heaven-born, a Brahmini,
perhaps even come back as a memsahib,
Gulab?”

  At this her big eyes rose to Barlow’s
face, and he could swear that there were
tears misting them; and sensing that if she
had fallen in love with him. what he had
said about her becoming a memsahib had
hurt. Perhaps she realized, as he did, that
that was the barred door to happiness—
that she wasn’t of the white race.

  “ Yes, sahib,” she said presently. “ A
Swami told me that in a former life I had
been evil.”

  “The Swami is an awful liar!” Barlow
ejaculated.

   “ The holy ones speak the truth, sahib.
The Swami said that because of having
been beautiful I had caused deaths through
jealousy.”

  “Oh, the crazy fool!” Barlow declared
in English, “ and it’s all rot! This is the
reason you spoke of, Gulab—good deeds;
is it the only other reason?”

  The girl turned her face away, and Bar-
low saw her shoulders quiver.

  He rose from the chair, and lifting the
girl to her feet, held her in his arms, say-
ing: “ Look me in the eyes, Gulab, and
tell me if you are going through this devil-
ish thing because of me.”

  “ Bootea is going to the camp of Amir
Khan because Hunsa and the others have
been told to kill the sahib; and she will see
that this is not accomplished.”

   Barlow clasped the girl to his breast and
smothered her face in kisses. “ You are
the sweetest little woman that ever lived,”
he said, “ and I am a sinner, for this can
only bring you misery.”

  “ Sahib—it can’t be, but it is not mis-
ery. The sweet pain has been put in the
heart of Bootea by the sahib’s eyes, and
she is happy. But do not go as a sahib.”
Barlow cursed softly to himself, mutter-
ing, “ India! Even dreams are not un-
7 A

heard!” Then—“What made you say

that?” he queried.

  “It is known because that is the way of
the sahib. He knows that where he sleeps
or eats, or plays games with the little balls
that there are always servants, and it is
known that Captain Barlow is called the
Patan by his friends.”

  “St. George and the Cross!” he ejacu-
lated. And then he added: “If I went thus
would they know me?”

  “ There would be danger, but the sahib,
knowing of this, could take more care in
the way of deceit. But Bootea will know—
the eyes will not be hidden.”

  Then he thought of Hunsa, and asked,
“ But aren’t you afraid to go with that
beast Hunsa?”

  The girl laughed. “ The decoits have or-
ders from the Dewan to kill him if I com-
plain of him; but if they do not he is prom-
ised the torture when he comes back if I
make complaint. If the sahib will but wait
a few days before the journey so that
Bootea has made friends with Amir Khan
before he comes, it will be better. We will
start in two days.”

  “ I’ll see, Gulab,” he answered evasively.
“ You are going now?”

  “ Yes, sahib, it has been said.”

  “ Not alone, Gulab. I’ll send the door-
man with you.”

  “ No, Bootea will be better alone.” She
touched the knife in her sash. “ It must
not be known that Bootea came to the
sahib.”

  Barlow took her arm leading her through
the bathroom to the back door. He opened
it, and listened intently for a few seconds.
Then he took her oval face in his palms and
kissed her passionately, saying, “ Good-by,
little girl; God be with you. You are
sweet.”

  “ The sahib is like a god to Bootea,” she
whispered.

  As the girl slipped away between the
bushes, like something floating out of a
dream, Barlow stood at the open door, a
resurge of abasement flooding his soul. In
the combat between his mentality and his
heart the heart was making him a weakling,
a dishonorable weakling, so it seemed. He
pulled the door shut, and went back to his
738

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

bed and finally fell asleep, a thing of tor-
tured unrest.

CHAPTER XVII.

“DEMAND THESE MURDERERS!”

BARLOW was up early next morning,
wakened by that universal alarm clock
in India—the gray-necked, small-
bodied, city crow whose tribe is called the
Seven Sisters—noisy, impudent, clamorous,
sharp-eyed thieves that throng the com-
pounds like sparrows, that hop in through
the open window and steal a slice of toast
from beside the cup of tea at the bedside.

  He mounted the waiting Cabuli pony and
rode to the Residency. He had much to
talk over with Hodson in the light of all
that had transpired in the last two days,
and, also, he had a hope that Elizabeth
would be possessed of an after-the-storm
calm, would greet him, and somehow give
him a moral sustaining against his lapse
in heart loyalty. Mentally he didn’t label
his feeling toward Elizabeth love. Toward
her it had been largely a matter of drifting,
undoubted giving in to suasion, more of
association than what was said. She had
class; she was intellectual; there was no
doubt about her wit—it was like a well-cut
diamond—sparkling, brilliant, no warmth.
When Barlow reflected, jogging along on
the Cabuli, that he probably did not love
Elizabeth, picturing the passion as typified
by Romeo and Juliet as instance, he sud-
denly asked himself: “ By Jove! And
does anybody except the pater love Eliza-
beth?” He was doubtful if anybody did.
All the servants held her in esteem, for she
was just, and not niggardly; but hers was
certainly not a disposition to cause spon-
taneous affection. Perhaps the word ad-
mirable epitomized Elizabeth all around.
But he felt that he needed a sort of Chris-
tian Science sustaining, as it were, in this
sensuous drifting—something to make his
slipping appear more obnoxious.

   As he rode up to the veranda of the Resi-
dency he saw Elizabeth cutting flowers,
probably to decorate the breakfast table.
That was like Elizabeth; instead of leaving
it to the malili—gardener—with the butler

to festoon the table, she was doing it her-
self. It was an occupation skin to water-
color painting or lace work, just the sort of
thing to find Elizabeth at—typical.

   Barlow was possessed of a hopeful fancy
 that perhaps she had not ridden, expect-
 ing that he would call on the Resident; but
 as always with the Resident’s daughter, he
 could deduct nothing from her manner.
 She nodded pleasantly on looking up, a
 gloved hand full of roses, and, as he slipped
 from the saddle, relinquishing the horse to
 the syce, she fell in beside him as far as the
 veranda, where they stood talking desul-
 tory stuff. The morning sun on the pink
 and Avhite oleanders, the curious snakelike
 mottling of the croton leaves, and the song
 of a dhyal that, high in a tamarind, was
 bubbling liquid notes of joy.

   “ The Indian robin red breast makes one
 homesick,” Elizabeth said.

   “ Home—-” but the girl put a quick hand
 on his arm, checking him. The action was
 absolutely like Elizabeth, imperious. A
 small, long-tailed, brown-breasted bird had
 darted across the compound to a mango
 tree from where he warbled a love song as
 sw'eet and rich toned as the evensong of a
 nightingale.

   “ The shama,” Elizabeth said, “ when I
 hear him I close my eyes and picture the
 downs and oaked hills of England, and
 fancv I’m listening to the nightingale or the
 lark.’”

   Barlow turned involuntarily to look into
 the girl’s face. It was an inquisitive look,
 a wondering look. Gentle sentiment com-
 ing from Elizabeth was rather a reversal of
 form.

   Also there was immediately a reversal of
 bird form, a shatterment of sentiment, a
 rasping, maddening note from somewhere in
 the dome of a pipal tree. A koel bird, as
 if in derision of the feathered songsters, sent
 forth his shrill, plaintive, “ Ko-e-e-el, Ko-e-
 el, Ko-e-e-el!”

   “ Ah-a-a!” Barlow exclaimed in disgust.
 “ That’s India; the feverbird, the koel, har-
 binger of the hot spell, of burning sun and
 stifling dust, and throbbing head.”

   He cursed the koel, for the gentle mood
 had slipped from Elizabeth. He had hoped
 that she would have spoken of yesterday,
CASTE.

739

 give him a snamed solace for the hurt she
 had given him. Of course Hodson would
 have told her all about the Gulab. But
 while that, the service, was sufficient for
 the Resident, Elizabeth would consider the
 fact that Barlow knew Bootea well enough
 to have this service rendered; it would
 touch her caste—also her exacting nature.

  Something like this was floating through
his mind as he groped mentally for an ex-
planation of Elizabeth’s attitude, the effect
of which was neutral; nothing to draw him
toward her in a way of moral sustaining;
but also, nothing to antagonize him.

  She must know that he was leaving on a
dangerous mission; but she did not bring it
up. Perhaps with her usual diffident re-
serve she felt that it was his province to
speak of that.

  At any rate, she called to a hovering
bearer telling him to give his master Cap-
tain Barlow’s salaams. Then, with the
flowers, she passed into the bungalow.

  Barlow gazed after Elizabeth ruefully,
wishing she had thrown him a life belt.
However, it did not matter; it was up to
him to act in a sane manner. Men of the
service were taught to rely on themselves.
And in Barlow was the something of breed-
ing that held him to the true thing, to the
pole. The breeding might be compared to
the elusive thing in the magnetic needle. It
did riot matter, he would probably marry
Elizabeth—it seemed the proper thing to
do. Devilish few of^the chaps he knew
babbled much about love and being batty
over a girl—that is, the girls they married.

  Then the bearer brought Hodson’s
salaams to the captain.

  And Hodson was a civil servant in ex-
celsis. He took to bed with him his Form
D and Form C—even the “ D. O.,” the
demi official business, and worried over it
when he should have slept or read himself
to sleep. Duty to him was a more exacting
god than the black Kali to the Brahmins;
it had dried up his blood, atrophied his
nerves of enjoyment. And now he was de-
pressed, though he strove to greet Barlow
cheerily.

   “ It’s a devilish shindy, this killing of our
two chaps,” he burst out. “ I’ve pondered
over it, and I’ve worried over it. The

only solace in the thing is, that the arm of

the law is long.”

   “ I think you've got it, sir,” Barlow en-
couraged. “ When we’ve smashed Sindhia
-—and we will—we’ll demand these mur-
derers, hang a few of them, and send the
rest to the Andamans.”

   “ Yes, it has simply got to wait; to stir
up things now would only let the Peshwa
know what you are going to do—we’d show
him our hand. And I don’t mind telling
you, captain, that he is an absolute traitor.
And 1 believe that it’s that damn Nana Sa-
hib who’s influencing him.”

   “ There’s no doubt about it, sir.”

  “No, there is not!” the Resident de-
clared gloomily. “ The two dead sowars
must be considered as sacrifice, just as
though they had fallen in battle; it’s for the
good of the raj. If I get hauled over the
coals for this I don’t give a damn. I’ve
pondered over it, almost prayed over it,
and it’s the only way. There’s talk of a
big loot of jewelry by these decoits, and
the killing of the merchant and his men, but
I’ve got nothing to do with that. The one
wonderful thing is, that we saved the pa-
pers. That little native woman that brought
them to you must be rewarded later. By
the way, Barlow, I took the liberty of ex-
plaining all that to Elizabeth, and I think
she’s pretty badly cut up over the way she
acted. But you understand, don’t you,
captain? I believe that if it had been my
case I’d have—well, I’d have known that it
was because the girl cared. Elizabeth is
undemonstrative—too much so, in fact;
it’s so long ago that I took notice of these
things that I find I’m trying to speak in an
unknown tongue.”

   The little man rose and bustled about,
pulling out drawers from the cabinet and
shoving them back again, venting little
asthmetic coughs of sheer nervousness.
Then, coming up to Barlow, he held out his
hand saying: “ My dear boy, God be with
you; but don’t take chances—will you?”
At that instant Elizabeth appeared at the
doorway. “ Captain Barlow will have
breakfast with us, won’t he, father? It’s
all ready, and Boodha says he has a chop
and kidney curry that is a dream.”

  “ Jupiter!” Hodson exclaimed. “ Fancy
710

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

I’m getting India head, was sending Bar-
low off without a word about breakfast. Of
course he’ll stay. Thanks, Elizabeth.”

   The tired draw'n parchment face of the
Resident became revivified, it was the face
of a happy boy; the gray eyes blued to
youth. Inwardly he murmured, “ Eliza-
beth is wonderful! I knew it; good girl!”
It was a curious breakfast—mentally.
Elizabeth was the Elizabeth of the veranda.
Perhaps it was the passionate beating of
the pillow the day before, when she had
realized for the first time what Barlow
meant to her, that nowT cast her into de-
fense, encased her in an armor of protec-
tion, caused her to assume a casualness.
She would give worlds to not have said
what she had said the day before, but the
captain must know that she had been
roused by a knowledge of his intimacy with
the Gulab. Just what had occurred did not
matter—not in the least; it was his place
to explain it. That was Elizabeth's way—
it was her manner of thought—a subservi-
ence of impulse to propriety, to class. In
the light of her feeling when she had lain,
wet eyed, beating the pillow, she knew that
if he had put his arms about her and said
just even stupid words—“ I’m sorry, Beth:
you know I love you ”—she would have
capitulated, perhaps even in the capitula-
tion have said a Bethism: “ It doesn’t
matter—we’ll never mention it again.”

   But Barlow, very much of a boy, could
not feel this elusive thing, and rode away
after breakfast from the bungalow mutter-
ing: “ By gad! Elizabeth should have
said something over roasting me. Fancy
she doesn’t care a hang. Anyway—I’ll give
her credit for that—she doesn’t hunt with
the hounds and run with the hare. If it’s
the prospect of sharing a title with me, a
rotter would have eaten the leek. Yes,
Elizabeth is class.”

CHAPTER XVIII.

“ THOU ART A DOG!”

DEWAN SEWLAL was in a shiver of
apprehension over the killing of the
two sepoys; there would be trouble
over this if the Resident came to know of it.

   But Hunsa had assured him that the sol-
 diers and their saddles had been buried in
 the pit with the others, and that nobody
 but the decpits knew of their advent.

   Then, when he learned that Ajeet Singh
 had been to the Resident, he was in a pank.
 But as that British official made no move,
 said nothing about the decoity, he fancied
 that perhaps Ajeet had not mentioned this;
 in fact, he had no proof that he had made a
 confession at all. But Ajeet’s complicity in
 the decoity where the merchant and his
 men had been killed, gave the Dewan just
 what he had planned for—the power of
 death over the chief. As to his own com-
 plicity he held taken care to speak of the
 decoity to no one but Hunsa. The yogi
 had been inspired, of course, but the yogi
 would not appear as a witness against him.
 and Hunsa would not, because it would
 cost him his head.

   So now, at a hint from Nana Sahib, the
 Dewan seized upon Ajeet, voicing a right-
 eous indignation at his crime of decoity.
 and gave him the alternative of being
 strangled with a bowstring or forcing the
 Gulab to go to the camp of Amir Khan to
 betray him. Not only would Ajeet be
 killed, but Bootea would be thrust into the
 seraglio, and the other Bagrees put in prison
 —some might be killed. Ajeet was forced
 to yield to these threats. The very com-
 plicity of the Dewan made him the more
 hurried in this thing. Also he wanted to
 get the Bagrees away to the Pindari camp
 before the Resident made a move.

   The mission to Amir Khan would be
 placed in the hands of Hunsa and Sookdee,
 Ajeet being retained as a pawn. Also, his
 wound had incapacitated him. He was
 nominally at liberty, though he knew well
 that if he sought to escape the Mahrattas
 would kill him.

   The jewels that had been stolen from
 the merchant were largely retained by the
 Bagrees, though the Dewan found, one
 night, very mysteriously, a magnificent
 string of pearls on his pillow. He did not
 ask questions, and seemingly no one of his
 household knew anything about the pearls.

 When the yogi asked Hunsa about the
ruby—the Akbar Lamp—Hunsa, who had
determined to keep it himself, as, perhaps,
CASTE.

741

a ransom for his life in that troublous time,
declared that in the turmoil of the coming
of the soldiers he had not found it. Indeed,
this seemed reasonable, for he, having fled
down the road to the Gulab, had not been
there when they had opened the box and
looted it.

  So the Dewan sent for Ajeet, Hunsa and
Sookdee, and declared that if the Bagree
contingent of murder did not start at once
for the Pindari camp he would have them
taken up for the decoity.

  It was Ajeet who answered the Dewan:

  “ Dewan Sahib, we be men who under-
take all things in the favor of Bhowanee,
and we make prayer to that goddess. If
the Dewan will give fifty rupees for our
pooja, to-morrow we will make sacrifice to
her, for without the feast and the sacrifice
the signs that she would vouchsafe would
be false. Then we will take the signs and
the men will go at once.”

  “ You shall have the money,” the Dewan
declared, “ but do not delay.”

  That evening the Bagrees made their way
to a mango grove for the feast carrying co-
conuts, raw sugar, flour, butter and a fra-
grant gum, goo jut. A large hole was dug
in the ground and filled with dry cow-dung
chips which were set on fire. Sweet cakes
were baked on the fire, and then broken
into small pieces, a portion of the fire raked
to one side, and their priest sprinkled upon
it the fragrant gum, calling in a loud voice:
“ Maha Kali, assist and guide us in our ex-
pedition. Keep calamity from us who wor-
ship thee, and have made this feast in thy
honor. Give us the sign, that we may know
if it is agreeable to thee that we destroy
the enemy of Maharaja Sindhia.y

  When the Bagrees had eaten much
cooked rice and meatballs, which were
served on plantain leaves, they drank ro-
bustly of mhowa spirit, first spilling some
of this liquor upon the ground in the name
of the goddess.

   The strong, rank, native liquor roused an
enthusiasm for their approaching interview
with the sacred one. Once Ajeet laid his
hand upon the pitcher that Hunsa was
holding to his coarse lips, and pressing it
downward, admonished:

  “ Hunsa, whilst Bhowanee does not pro-

hibit, it is an offense to approach her ex-
cept in devout silence.”

  The surly one flared up at this. His tin-
governable rage drew his hand to a knife in
his belt, and his eyes blazed with the fero-
city of a wounded tiger.

  “ Ajeet,” he snarled, “ you are now chief,
but you are not rajah to command slaves.”
With a swift twist of his wrist, Ajeet
snatched the pitcher from the hand of
Hunsa, saying, “ Jamadar, it is the liquor
that is in you, therefore you have had
enough.”

  But Hunsa sprang to his feet, and his
knife gleamed like the spitting of fire in the
slanting rays of the setting sun as he drove
viciously at the heart of his chief. There
was a crash as the blade struck and pierced
the matka which Ajeet still held by its long
neck.

  There was a scream of terror from the
throats of the women, a cry of horror from
the guru at this sacrilege—the spilling of
liquor upon the earth in anger at the feast
of Bhowanee.

  Ajeet’s strong fingers, slim, bronzed
lengths of steel, had gripped the wrist of
his assailant as Bootea, darting forward,
laid a hand upon the arm of Hunsa, crying,
“ Shame, shame! You are like sweepers of
low caste—eaters of carrion, they who re-
spect not Bhowanee. Shame! You are a
dog—a lapper of liquor!”

  At the touch of the Gulab on his arm,
and the scorn in her eyes, Hunsa shivered
and drew back, his head hanging in abase-
ment, but his face devilish in its malignity.

  Ajeet, taking a brass dish, poured water
upon the hand that had gripped the wrist
of Hunsa, saying, “ Thus I will cleanse the
defilement.” Then he sat down upon his
heels, adding, “ Guru, holy one, repeat a
prayer to appease Bhowanee, then we will
go into the jungle and take the auspices.”
The guru strode over to Hunsa, and
holding out his thin, skinny palm, com-
manded, “Jamadar, from you a rupee;
and to-morrow I will put upon the shrine
of Kali coconuts and sweetmeats and
marigolds as peace offerings.”

  Hunsa took from his loin cloth a silver
ooin and dropped it surlily in the out-
stretched hand, sneering: “ To Bhowanee
742

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

you will give four annas, and you will feast of wood against a hollow pipe—of the little
to the value of twelve annas, for that is green-plumaged coppersmith bird. A honey-

the way of your craft. The vultures al-
ways finish the bait when the tiger has
been slain.”

   Soon the feathery lace w'ork of bamboos
beneath which they sat were whispering to
the night wind that had roused at the drop-
ping of the huge ball of fire in the west, and
the soft radiance of a gentle moon was gild-
ing with silver the gaunt, black arms of a
babool. Then the priest said: “ Come,
jamadars, we nowT will go deeper into the
silent places and listen for the voice of
Bhowanee.”

   He untangled from the posture of sitting
his parchment-covered matter of bones,
and carrying in one hand a brocaded bag
of black velvet and in the other a staff,
with bowed head and mutterings, started
deeper into the jungle of cactus and slim,
whispering bamboo, followed by Ajeet,
Sookdee and Hunsa. Presently he stopped,
saying, “ Sit you in a line, brave chiefs, fac-
ing the great temple of Siva, which is in
the mountains of the east, so that the voice
of Bhowanee, coming out of the silent places
and from the mouth of the jackal or the
jackass, shall be known to be from the right
or the left, for thus will be the interpreta-
tion.”

   The priest took his place in front of the
jamadars, sitting with his back to them,
and placed upon the ground, first a white
cloth of cotton, and then the velvet bag,
upon which rested a silver pick-ax.

   When Ajeet saw the pick-ax he said an-
grily, “ That is the emblem of thugs; we
be decoits, not stranglers, guru."

  “ They are equal in honor with Bhowa-
nee,” the guru replied; “ they slay for pro-
fit, even as you do, and among you are
those who are thugs, for I minister to both.”

   Then the guru buried his shriveled skull
in his thin hands and drooped forward in
silent listening. Ajeet objected no more,
and in the new silence they could hear the
shrill rasping of cicada in the foliage of a
gigantic elephant-creeper, that, like a huge
python, crawled its way from branch to
branch, sprawling across a dozen stately
trees. From somewhere beyond was a
steady tonkl tonkl tonk!—like the beat

badger came timorously creeping, his feet
shuffling the fallen leaves, peered at the
strange figures of the men, and, at the move
of an arm, fled scurrying through the still-
ness with the noise of some great creature.

   Suddenly the jungle was stilled, even from
 the voice of the rasping cicada; the leaves
 had ceased to whisper, for the wind had
 hushed. The devotees could hear the beat-
 ing of their hearts in the strain of waiting
 for a manifestation from the dread goddess.
 The white-robed figure of the guru was like
 a shriveled statue of alabaster where the
 faint moon picked it out in blotches as the
 light filtered through leaves above.

   Sookdee gasped in terror as just above
them a tiny tree owl called, “ Whoo-whoo,
w’hoo-w'hoo! ” as if he jeered. But Ajeet
knew that that, in their belief, was a sign
of encouragement, meaning not overmuch,
but not an evil omen. From far off floated
up on the dead night air the belling note of
a startled cheetal, and almost at once the
harsh, grating, angry roar of a leopard, as
though he had struck for the throat of the
stag and missed. These were but jungle
voices, not in the curriculum of their pan-
theistic belief, so the guru and the Bagrees
sat in silence, and no one spoke.

   Then the night carried the faint, trem-
bling moan of a jackal coming from a dis-
tance on the left.

  “ Oo-oo-oo-oo! Aye-aye! Yi-yi-yi-yi!”
the jackal wailed, the note rising to a fiend-
ish crescendo; and then suddenly it hushed,
and there was only a ghastly silence in the
jungle depths.

  The white-clothed, ghostlike priest
sprang to his feet, and with his lean arm
stretched high in suppliance, said: “ Bho-
wanee, thou hast vouchsafed to thy devo-
tees the pilao. We will strew thy shrine
with flowers and sweetmeats.”

  He turned to the jamadars who had
risen, saying: “ Bhowanee is pleased: the
auspices are favorable. Had the call been
from the right it would have been the tibao,
and we should have had to wait until the
sweet goddess gave us another sign. Now
we may go back, and perhaps she will con-
firm this omen as we go.”
CASTE.

743

  Hunsa, always possessed of a mean dis-
position, and still sulky over the encounter
with Ajeet, was in an evil mood as they
trudged through the jungle to their camp.
When Ajeet spoke of the priest’s success
in his appeal, he snarled: “ The hangman
always advises the one who is to have his
neck stretched that he is better off dead.”

  “ What do you mean by that?” Ajeet
queried.

   “ Just that you are not going on this mis-
sion, Ajeet.” Then he laughed disagreeably.

  “ If you are afraid to go Sookdee will be
well without you,” Ajeet retorted.

  Before more could be said in this way,
and as they approached the camp, the low-
ing of a cow was heard.

  “ Dost hear that, guru?" Hunsa queried.
“ In a decoity is not the lowing of a cow in
a village held to be an evil omen?”

  “ Not so, Hunsa,” the priest declared.

“ It is an evil omen if the decoity is to be
made on the village in which the cow raises
her voice, but we are going to our own
camp in peace, and it is a voice of ap-
proval.”

  “ As to that,” Ajeet commented, “ if
Hunsa is right, it is written in our code of
omens that hearing a cow call thus simply
means that one of the party making the
decoity will be killed; perhaps as he was
the one to notice it, the evil will fall upon
him.”

  “ You’d like that,” Hunsa growled.

  “ Not being given to lies, it would not
displease me, for, as the hangman said, you
would be better dead.”

  But they were now at their camp, and the
jamadars, standing together for a little, set-
tied it that the omens being favorable, and
the wrath of the Dewan feared, they would
proceed to the Pindari camp next day.

 TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.

  THE PLOW

^A^BOVE yon somber swell of land

       Thou seest the dawn’s grave orange hue,

With one pale streak like yellow sand,

And over that a vein of blue.

Over the broad hill creeps a beam,

    Like hope that gilds a good man’s brow,

 And now ascends the nostril-stream
 Of stalwart horses come to plow.

 Ye rigid plowmen, bear in mind
 Your labor is for future hours!

 Advance—spare not—nor look behind;

    Plow deep and straight with all your powers.

Richard Hen gist Horne.
By GEORGES SURDEZ

  . . . An’ the women come out to cut up
      your remains,

  Just roll to your rifle an' blow out your
      brains,

   An’ go to your Gawd like a soldier.

                                         Kipling.

  A THIN layer of mud over the compact
clay soil had rendered footing
X 1 treacherous, and for the fifth time
that morning Corporal Personne picked him-
self up, shifted his straps and resumed his
place in the long file of men. Then he
contemplated the Indo-Chinese landscape
with disfavor.

  It was February, 1884, and since Decem-
ber of the previous year, the tiny garrison
at Tuyen Quan, a little over five hundred
men, under the command of Major Domine,
with but six pieces of artillery and only six
engineers, had held out heroically against
a Black Flag army of several thousand led
by Luh Vinh Phuoc. Personnel battalion

was the advance guard of the column mov-
ing to the relief.

  Thin veils of fog drizzled a warm rain
that diluted the pipe clay on the corporal’s
pith helmet, ran down his face, seeped in-
side his collar and hung in drops from his
bristly beard. On either side of the nar-
row roadway—seldom wide enough for two
men to march abreast—the rice fields, flood-
ed with a foot of water, sent up a suffocating
moisture. Out of nowhere, apparently, bul-
lets sang and snapped like over-taut violin
strings. A man, just hit, pitched forward,
face into the water, his hardware clattering
about him. From the rear came the cursing
of the naval gunners, in charge of the two
eighty millimeter guns, coaxing the recalci-
trant mules forward.

  The men were not in the best of humor.
Since early morning they had contended
with narrow roads, dampness and heat and
the pot shooting of the Chinese pirates hid-

744
SIX GOOD MEN.

745

den in the clumps of high grass scattered
over the dreary plain. The I.egionaires were
ripe for a fight. Let the Black Flags make
a stand, and they would pay. That the
French republic considered her rights to the
Province of Tonkin greater than the claim
of the King of Annam did not concern
these hardened soldiers of the Legion. The
right and wrong of the international quar-
rel seemed beside the mark with an enemy
who took pleasure in torturing his captives.

  But Corporal Personne remained com-
paratively cheerful. This was his life work,
and he loved it. Small inconveniences
would soon be forgotten in the thrill of con-
flict. He was an American, bom and bred.
Some incident, unknown to his comrades,
perhaps forgotten by himself, had driven
him first to France, then into the Foreign
Legion, where no questions are asked.

  A strange lot they were! There in front
of him was an ex-priest; at his back the
son of a grand duke; and by his side his
best friend, Pat, an ex-street sweeper from
Dublin. And he himself had enlisted under
the name of “ Personne,” which is French
for “ Nobody.” These Legionaires, from
the comers of the earth, became part of a
solid unit, welded together as they were by
the “ esprit de corps ”—the soul of an
army. From the confines of the Sahara,
from the town of Sidi bel Abbes, the
“ home ” of the Legion, France had called
her adopted sons to Indo-China.

  As the column reached the lower slopes
of a range of hills the day suddenly bright-
ened. The sun, breaking through the mists,
picked out the metallic ornaments on the
uniforms with vivid sparkles of color. The
song-bird, the son of an Arab peanut dealer
in Dakar, started a popular ballad, and the
men picked up the chorus, not always har-
monious, but encouraging to the jaded offi-
cers, who feared for the morale.

  When the troops reached the crest of the
hill and a halt was called, Major Epervier,
in command, gathered his officers about him.
Away from barracks, they were all men
together, and rank, except in actual line of
duty, was not impressed. Months of cam-
paigning forcibly creates friendship—or
hatred. At any rate, etiquette is relaxed.
Through field glasses the major had dis-

covered the red roof of a pagoda emerging
from the tangle of bush in the valley below.

  “ No signs of life,” put in the youngest
captain, naturally the first to talk.

  “ One can’t always tell,” the major an-
swered.

  “ Why not go down and find out?” the
naval lieutenant impetuously suggested. He
had been put in charge of the artillery pos-
sibly because the guns were drawn by mules.
In the general army scheme, the square plug
should always be placed in a round hole.
A lawyer should rub down horses, a black-
smith keep books in regimental offices.

   “ A valley is not the best strategical posi-
tion for an isolated body of infantry liable
to attack by superior numbers,” the major
remarked dryly. “ You know what the
Flags are at close quarters, where we have
no chance to use superior discipline and
tactics.”

  “ But the column must pass there either
to-day or to-morrow. Why not let me have
a few men and find out?” the ardent young
lieutenant went on.

  The major smiled at the thought of the
inexperienced officer blundering down into
the village. “ I have formal instructions
not to risk my officers. I think, though, I
have the man for the job. He’s been in my
battalion five years, and whatever he’s been
given to do, he did—and came back—”

  “ The pitcher to the well—”

  “ Perhaps—” agreed the major and
turned abruptly. “ Personne!”

  Corporal Personne, drying his clothes by
the fire, pulled his seventy-five inches erect
and came over to the major where he stood
at attention in a not overclean undershirt.
In the palm of his hand he held his pipe
while he hurriedly swallowed the last of a
bit of ammunition bread. The officers
smiled, but he remained impassive. His
eyes even did not flicker. Though often
treated with consideration, he never relaxed
his reserve. This had given rise to the be-
lief that he was a plutocrat by birth. His
heels together, little finger on the seam of
his trousers, Corporal Personne, the per-
fect non-com, now awaited orders.

  The major cleared his throat with an
awkward cough. “ These are not orders,
Personne. You may refuse if you wish.”
746

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 He indicated the pagoda. “ The village
 down there may be occupied. It may not.
 T want to find out.”

    “ Yes, sir.”

   “ Risky, but you and I have seen worse,
 eh?”

   “ Much worse, major,” Personne assented
 gravely. “ How7 many men shall I take?”

   “ Five.”

   Personne went back to the fire. A few
 minutes low conversation and the five men
 got up, resumed their clothing, picked up
 their rifles from the stacks, tightened the
 chin straps of their helmets. Personne led
 the way down the hill, where they were
 soon lost to view.

   “ There go six good men,” the major de-
 clared. He knew some of his men personal-
 ly, was familiar with their history, played
 father confessor, knew their real names that
 he might advise their relatives in case of
 death.

   “ They’re gone, all right—if that village
 is occupied,” the naval lieutenant put in,
 “ unless we move down if we hear firing.”

    “ I half suspect you of deliberately trying
 to get us into a mess,” the major observed.
 “ You’d ask nothing better than to play with
 your new pets. Whatever happens, we can’t
 move until the whole column comes up and
 I get orders from the colonel—”

   “ Who’ll probably take three days to
 make up his mind,” disrespectfully added
 the sailor. “ Whatever happens, let’s hope
 the fellows aren’t taken alive.”

n.

   Personne had wisely picked his men:
 Mitri, the Russian; Pat; Bicco; Sanglier,
 the boar, so called because of his massive
 shoulders and hairy face; and Ganache, who
 jokingly pretended to be an English lord,
 though his accent was cockney and his name
 French. They advanced slowly through the
 high grass, the tops of which rustled sev-
 eral feet above their heads. At least half
 an hour’s time elapsed before they came in
 sight of the village, a cluster of mud huts
 forming a street, with the pagoda standing
 fully two hundred yards away.

“ My mother, the milordess, would be
surprised to see me,” Ganache whispered, for

 the silence weighed upon him. “ She would
 never allow me out without the maid and
 the fifth footman—”

    Personne signaled for silence, ordered his
 men to wait, and himself stepped out into
 the open. When no one appeared, he called
 the others to join him. They searched
 the huts. Ashes still warm in the fireplaces,
 the usual stench of the native village, a dog,
 a few pigs running about—nothing more.
 Ganache stopped in front of a placard, ran
 his fingers along the line of Chinese char-
 acters, pretending to spell out the words:
 “ Mr. and Mrs. Mandarin, compelled to de-
 part for health reasons, left the key under
 the mat—”

   Sanglier slapped him on the back. The
 others joined in the laugh, more from ner-
 vousness than genuine mirth. As Bicco
 bent past Genache’s shoulders, to add his
 comment, a shot rang out, and he sank, a
 bullet in his throat.

    Sanglier, his face scarlet from excitement,
 swore volubly in five languages. Mitri
 turned and fired into the bush, nonchalant-
 ly as though he were paying a visit to a
 private game preserve. Pat and Personne
 were methodical. Ganache kept his eyes on
 his corporal, as though awaiting orders.

    “ Make for the pagoda,” cried Personne,
 and set the example. The others followed.
 No sooner were they in the open than the
 Flags swarmed out of the grass and pressed
 down upon them.

    “ Back to back!” Personne’s voice rose
 above the uproar. The Gras rifles rattled
 and the conflict became hand to hand.

    Pat went down first, his head hacked off
 by a yataghan stroke. Mitri, beaten to his
 knees, managed a grin before he was fin-
 ished. Sanglier, bleeding from several
 wounds, wept in his rage. Tears and per-
 spiration streaked the dirt on his face. A
 pistol shot smashed through both cheeks;
 the blood ran from his mouth. He fell
 sprawied on the ground, and groaned as
 steel dug into his back. Only Personne
 and Ganache were left, back to back, the
 tall American towering above the diminu-
 tive cockney.

 “ Say, big one!” the little man shouted.

“ Don’t worry about me. Run for the pa-
goda—you can make it—”
SIX GOOD MEN.

747

  “ Shut up—you d- fool--”

  '■ Well—if you won’t listen to reason—”
Ganache turned the muzzle of his piece up-
ward. and pressed the trigger. He would
not be taken alive.

  Personne was aione now, his helmet fallen
off, a deep cut in his scalp. He swung his
rifle by the barrel, freed a circle around
him. Writh desperate fury, he leaped into
the midst of the assailants. He was an
American, therefore handy with his fists.
And the Legion cultivates “ la savatte,” the
art of fighting with one’s feet. He was soon
in the open with a clear way. And where
could he go except toward the pagoda?

  The door was closed, fastened on the in-
side, and he found himself cornered. Oh,
for the sight of the old battalion, charg-
ing through the filthy street, with their chin
straps between their teeth! His back
against the door, he pulled a revolver from
an inside pocket. With the first shot he
picked off the leader, who dropped his long
barbed spear to clutch at his stomach, and
rolled over on the ground. The others hesi-
tated for a moment only, then, with a shout
of angered determination, closed in.

  With each shot Personne dropped a man.
After the fifth he lifted the barrel to his
temple. Before he could pull the trigger,
in that fraction of a second that he hesi-
tated, the door behind him opened and he
was conscious of falling backward. The
sudden drop, the deep darkness, dazed him.
But he knew that the door had closed and
that he was inside.

  The corporal picked himself up, laughing.
He recalled mafiy other hair-breadth es-
capes. No; this wasn’t his last adventure.
Something was looking after him—the thing
men call “ luck.” But—although luck
seemed to have caused the door to swing
open, whence came the positive force to
swing it shut again? Luck must have had
an assistant.

  He fumbled for a match. The sulphur
sputtered, then flamed—and lit up—first,
a patch of silk fabric, multicolored; then
a slim, tiny hand with shining finger nails;
above that, a graceful brownish throat and
the face of a girl. The complexion was rose
on olive, delicately tinted as porcelain.

  The match burned his fingers, and he

  dropped it to the floor, reached out and
touched the girl’s shoulder. The silk rus-
tled, and her flesh seemed cool, like polished
marble.

  “ Thank you, miss. You sure picked the
right moment—” he whispered into the
darkness.

  She answered in native dialect. Per-
sonne was at a loss until the few words
he had picked up around the barracks in
Hanoi came back to him. She had been
praying in the pagoda for a husband, a
white husband. The corporal laughed loud-
ly. Women are the same the world over,
something new, a uniform never fails.

  He patted her cheek. Outside the Chi-
nese were pounding on the door.

  “ You poor little devil! If you’ve elected
me you’ll soon be a widow—unless I get out
of here.”

  His doll-like companion chattered volu-
bly. This time he could not understand.
All was now quiet outside, an ominous si-
lence. Perhaps they had sent for the
“ bonze,” or whatever they called their
priest, to come and open the door.

  “ How does one get out?” he urged.

  Shc^piust have understood, for her soft,
warm little hand nestled in his big palm,
closing around his fingers. She moved
away, gently tugging at him. After a few
steps he heard her fumble with a latch of
some sort. To help, he lit another match.
She sneezed as the pungent smell of sulphur
teased her nostrils and her brown eyes
gleamed with amusement. He smiled.
Why shouldn’t he? * Would he not be soon
on his way back to the battalion?

  Then a door opened. He faced about,
dazzled by the sudden light, and reached
for his revolver. His mind framed the
thoughts with lightning rapidity. He had
one cartridge left, and a fighting chance to
reach the open. Should he use it on himself,
or take the risk? Once before he had been
about to shoot himself and something had
saved him. “ To the last ditch,” he mut-
tered, and fired into the thick of the Flags,
flung the weapon in the face of the nearest,
and plunged in with flying fists.

  For a brief moment he hoped—then some
one tripped him. Before he could recover,
he was seized around the legs, by the arms,
748

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  and a rope was thrown about his neck,
twisted to cut off his breath. It was only
a matter of minutes before he found him-
self bound and carried into the open. The
girl had screamed, as though in terror. But
in her eyes he read a deep pity—and some-
thing more. Admiration—love? He would
never know.

  The Flags dropped him, without undue
gentleness, near a mud hut in the center of
the village. A couple of blows from a rifle
butt impressed upon him the uselessness of
struggle. He remained quiet until the
crowd moved away, then managed to gain
a sitting position against the mud wall. But
he had not been left unguarded. A dirty
Flag, his felt shod feet folded beneath him,
looking like a particularly ugly Buddha,
noisily chewed a kaki, the blood-red fruit of
the Orient. He caught Personoe’s eye,
grinned, and pointed to the opposite side of
the square.

  The five heads of his companions had
been planted on stakes. Distorted, carica-
tured, Mitri's face alone had conserved its
look of insolent superiority, and the blood-
less lips curved slightly as though in con-
temptuous amusement. Sanglier, one eye
staring, the other half dosed, appeared to
wink leeringly at his corporal. Personne
shuddered and turned away.

  Weakened and nauseated by the loss of
blood, his bruised body half numb, the hours
dragged by endlessly. The sun began to
decline. The heat grew less. Yet thirst
made his tongue thick and raspy. The
guard must have noticed that he frequently
licked his lips, for he called out lustily, and
a youth brought a pail of water. This was
spilled slowly upon the ground. This was
repeated many times before the coolness of
the night made itself felt, and the Black
Flags emerged from the bush, one by one.

  Women and children materialized out of
nowhere. The gurgling, shouting, squealing
multitude milled around the square, in and
out of the huts—cooked, quarreled, played
games, paused in front of him and jeered.
In vain he looked for his little friend of
the pagoda. And yet why did he look?
Surely she did not belong in this Ul-smelling
swarm.

  He began to wonder what would be his

  lot, what refinements of suffering. They
might drag him around the interior in a
bamboo cage, feeding him on offals, loath-
some beyond description, or be content to-
night with a few minor operations, such as
tearing out his finger nails or slicing off his
nose. To-morrow they could spread-eagle
him under the noonday sun, with his eye-
lids cut off and his fingers stretched open
by little pegs; or they might skin him
alive, or give him the water cure, or a
simpler method: repeated blows on the soles
of his feet until he went mad or died.

   Personne sought to compose himself, to
 hide every trace of fear or agony, when
 another bucket of water splashed down in
 front of him and sank into the dusty soil.
 A fat, silk-clad mandarin spoke a few words,
 gravely as a quiet gentleman orders his din-
 ner. The corporal was lifted, carried to the
 hut nearest the recently kindled fire and se-
 curely fastened by wrists and ankles, limbs
 outstretched, on a framework formed like
 the letter X. The Flags had a wholesome
 respect for the hard fists of the Legionaire.
 and were careful to free him by degrees, a
 hand, a foot, one at a time, attached se-
 curely before passing on to the next. When
 operations were at last completed, the frame
 was elevated and braced against a wall.
 Personne’s full weight being bome by wrists
 and ankles.

  The crowd then gathered, josded and
pushing. The smaller boys worked their
way to the front rank as he remembered
having done himself to watch circus parades.
From the swarm of yellow faces came a
cheerful, expectant buzz. -The thongs cut
into Personne’s flesh until merciful numb-
ness gave momentary ease. Then his tor-
mentors pushed his head as far back as pos-
sible without snapping the vertebra, and
fastened it in that position with a leather
strap around his neck. A round piece of
wood was then inserted between the frame
and the small of his back. The strain on
the muscles was terrific. Perspiration bead-
ed his forehead, and the blood from his
gashed wrists trickled down his arms to the
elbow’s.

  A drop of moisture on his head. His
heart leaped—rain. He remembered having
cursed the rain that morning—and now—
SIX GOOD MEN.

749

ah—-smother drop! He protruded his
tongue with the thought that—perhaps—
But when he understood, he smothered a
groan. For hours he would feel that steady
dripping, always the same quantity at exact
intervals, at precisely the same spot on his
skujl, until the pain and the unceasing wait
for the next drop would drive him mad.

  With sudden desperation he strained at
the ropes, which drove the straps but deep-
er. He could move his head a trifle, a
fraction of an inch. He would be careful
to do this quietly or they would see him and
take away his last comfort. Then realiz-
ation came to him that this was also planned
to prolong the agony.

  The leader came close and regarded him
critically. Personne spat in the fat, yellow
face, thinking to bring things to a close.
But the Flag wiped his cheek and joined the
others. The drops fell—and fell. At least
an hour passed. The pain was excruciating,
and he ceased to be able to move the half-
paralyzed neck muscles. His swollen eye-
balls seemed ready to burst—the yellow
faces—the firelight danced and swung be-
fore him. And he was thirsty. He thought
of water—waterfalls, foaming and crashing
down deep chasms; lakes with clear, fresh
water, transparent and showing golden sand
and round pebbles at the bottom; the sea,
roaring in his ears.

  Now his head was a huge anvil, and
gigantic hammers were pounding on it, five-
ton hammers that beat regularly and would
never stop. Thump—thump—his neck
would stand a little more, he shifted a frac-
tion. The drop fell on that spot, and soon
it, too, was being pounded away by the great
pile drivers. He laughed loudly.

III.

  The Chinaman is only stolid on occasion.
He know&how to enjoy himself. The on-
lookers-rocked with mirth. The mandarin
chuckled softly. Yes, he could make white
men crazy, more foolish than the fat babies
who played with the swine in the dung.
The victims usually held out longer, but this
sea devil had been weakened by his wound
and the hot sun.

When they unfastened Personne he fell

to the ground and lay motionless. He was
harmless, crazy. They would keep him
from sharp weapons and watch him. They
laughed again when he sat up and stared
around vacantl} . Unsteadily he got to his
feet and wabbled about in search of water.
After having been given a drink he threw
the bowl high in the air and laughed. They
laughed with him and followed as he stag-
gered tow’ard the five stakes on the opposite
side of the square.

  He saluted the heads of his dead com-
rades with a broad wave. Then he ha-
rangued in a loud voice, pointing first to the
east, then the west. He shook his fists,
groaned, spat, sobbed. Then he relived the
fight—lunged out with a bayonet, though
his hand held no weapon, ducked yataghan
strokes, wrestled with a phantom foe, ran
to the spot where the white men had formed
the hollow square, and reacted every blow,
every killing. He went down in imitation
of Pat, fell to his knees as Mitri, shrieked
as Sanglier had done.

  The Black Flags recognized the moves,
and their amusement increased. Here was a
madman with a memory. As he kicked and
punched into space, more than one rubbed
his bruises gingerly. Personne turned and
approached the headless bodies of his men
which had been laid out in line, awaiting
a leisurely division of the spoils.

  The single Chinese soldier on watch
moved back as he approached. Personne
tapped each body on the chest and loudly
called out a name. Then he straightened
up with a dazed, vacant stare. Fumbling
in his pocket, he pulled out an imaginary
revolver. The guard laughed loudly. This
was superior comedy. “Bang! Bang!”
the corporal shouted in imitation of the re-
volver’s bark, and moved toward the pa-
goda, turning and shouting at intervals:
“Bang! Bang!”

  With a few quick words the chief ordered
him brought back to the fire. The guard
approached, the same who had watched over
the Legionaire earlier in the day. The cor-
poral shrank away and laughter again rose
from the spectators. Suddenly, without
warning, the sea devil seized the Chinaman
around the waist with one arm, lifted him
off the ground, placing his free hand under
750

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

the chin and forcing the head back. A
brief struggle, the native’s legs kicking wild-
ly in the air, his hand fumbling for the dirk
at his belt. Then the Flag’s neck snapped
and he grew limp.

  For a moment Personne faced the on-
rushing crowd, the body in his arms, his
face demoniacal in the red fire glow. Then
with a mighty effort, he hurled the dead
man among his comrades, and with another
crazy, inarticulate moan, made for the
pagoda.

IV.

   The three officers of the advanced guard,
depressed and worried, sat around the fire.

  “ I feel like a murderer,” the major de-
clared at length.

  “ War is war—” the naval lieutenant
tried to console him.

   “ I hope they didn’t take him alive,” put
in the captain.

  There was a long silence. The major’s
pipe went out, and he forgot to relight it
“ I hope Personne died fighting,” he said
shortly, when the oppression grew too
heavy. “ That’s the way he would have
liked—”

  The others nodded. The unpleasant topic
was not mentioned again.

  A sharp challenge, indistinct shouting,
and footsteps approaching rapidly. The
sudden commotion brought them to their
feet, startled. His torso bare, streaked with
the dark stains of dried blood, a disheveled
white man staggered into the firelight.

  “ Nom de Dieu!" the major exclaimed.
“ It’s Personnel”

  The corporal came to attention, brought
his hand to a salute. His features relaxed
into impassibility, his words were brief and
to the point:

  “ Corporal Personne reports the village
occupied.”

XJ

rr

u

A RIME OF OPPORTUNITY

                                                    t

 rJ"'HE trumpet is flinging its keen, urgent cry to you,
    The eager wind ruffles the mane:

 Comrade, good-by and good-by and good-by to you—
   Mounting and riding again!

 So you go bravely while I am still trailing
    Low in the dust or the rain;

 But ride and fight stoutly! My heart is not failing;
    Some day I shall follow again.

 Ride, then, and charge, then, right into the worst of it,
    So your new chance is not vain;

 ’Tis a stiff fight, as we knew from the first of it,

    And you will be in it again!

 Remember not me, or remember uncaring,

    Unhurt by the failure and pain.

 Good luck go with you and follow your faring!

 Your foot’s in the stirrup again!

5. H. Kemper,
By JOHN SCHOOLCRAFT

  Author of “ Let the Wedding Wait, ” etc.

CHAPTER XVII.

THE ROMANCE OF FOOD.

 4 FTER it was all over Springtime’s
/\ mind reverted to what was to him
* *■ the most important thing about the
whole ball game: just what effect it would
have on his relations with Osborne. They
were sitting in the stable, and in Spring-
time’s pocket was Durkin’s money—fifty
and a bit over.

 Osborne was pleased—so pleased that as
he sat in the old swivel chair he whistled
a tune between his teeth and beat the long
roll with his finger tips. The corncob
smoked in one fist and on the old man’s face
was an expression of gentle good humor
which Springtime had never seen there be-
fore. All the indications were good, and he
began to spar for an opening.

  “ It’s been one strenuous week.”

  “ Where did you find that lad?” asked
Osborne, who all through the week, had not
asked a word of explanation from Spring-
time about where or how he got his recruit.

  “ Out in the jungles. I’ve seen him off
and on for some long time, but I never did
know he was a ball player.”

  “ Springtime,” said Osborne, who had
picked the name up from hearing Durkin
speak it, “ you’ll have to admit that there
aren’t many men in the world who would
trust such an important thing as finding a
pitcher to a man he had not known any
longer than I know you. My Lord! When
I think of how I first met up with you I
wonder why I haven’t had you in the cala-
boose!”

  He chuckled, and Springtime reddened at
the thought of the agony he had gone

Thii ttory began in the Argoiy-AIUtory Weekly for September 30.

                                   751
752

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,

 through to get that bit of pie. He said
 nothing, but watched the water dripping
 from the trough in a stream made golden by
 the sun.

   “ How are you getting along with your
 work?” asked Osbome after a long pull on
 the corncob.

   Springtime answered warily: “ Oh,
 so-so.”

   “ The market will be opening pretty
 soon,” said Osborne, “ and I might be able
 to plant a few bushels of extra fancy hand-
 picked beans, provided you get 'em done
 before they turn to dust.”

    “ So you’re expecting me,” said the wan-
 derer, “ to go on and finish that job?”

   “ Why not?”

    “ After I went out and got a pitcher for

 you?”

    “ I don’t see that that has anything to do
 with it. I didn’t ask you to, did I? And
 we had no agreement to the effect that if
 you got me a pitcher, you could lay off sort-
 ing beans. You volunteered to get me a ball
 player and I told you to go ahead, but I
 said nothing and you said nothing about
 stopping that particular job I put you on.

 I make it a rule never to refuse when a man
 comes along and offers to do me a service.”
 Springtime jumped to his feet.

    “ Where would you have been if I hadn’t
 got that man for you?”

   “ Right where I am now,” returned Os-
 bome with another long pull on his pipe,

 “ and let me give you some advice—you
 spend too much energy in getting het up
 over trifles. The man that gets there is
 the man who economizes force. There is
 more than one good pitcher in the world—
 probably a dozen within fifty miles of here
 that could pitch rings around that loafer.”

 “ But you hadn’t found one, and I’m
 darned if I think you could have found
 one! ”

 “ I’ll take a chance on that. You don’t
 think I didn’t have any pitchers in reserve,
 do you?”

 Springtime felt that he was battering his
 head against a stone wall and sat down
 again on his straw bale and gripped his
 hands to hold down the safety valve. The
 worst of it was that Osborne was right;
 there had been no agreement between them.

   “ You don’t understand,” he said, realiz-
ing that if Osborne knew the whole truth
from his lips he would be betraying Durkin,
“ I saved that game for you. Durk has to
be handled with gloves and—where would
you have been if it hadn’t been for me?”

   “ I don’t know and I don’t care,” said
Osbome, who was putting the finish on a
perfect day. “ What you are talking about
has nothing to do with picking beans. The
thing for you to do is to get it into your
head once and for all that I have the dope
on you and it 11 be easier for everybody if
you kick in and sort beans. I have a darned
good notion that it will be good for you.

   “ I’m not a hard man—what you’ve done
so far wouldn’t keep a canary in bird seed,
and I've been feeding you for a couple of
weeks, but I’ll forget all that and we’ll start
over again. I’ll give you your board and
one bushel out of every five that you finish.
That one bushel is yours, and you can eat
it or turn it into cash or throw it away just
as you please. And there never was a bean-
picker as well paid as that in this vale of
tears, and I hang only one provision on it—
you’ll have to do so much a day.

“ I haven’t figured it out yet, but 111 have
to make some sort of condition like that or
you’d be here the rest of your life. I’d like
to see what you would do with eight bushels
of beans once you got them. And I
w ouldn't go tearing off over the countryside,
either, because you’ll only get yourself
caught and brought back. Come along, it’s
time to go up to the house.”

“ Eight bushels of beans! ” gasped Spring-
time. “ Meaning 1 have to do forty alto-
gether! ”

Osborne nodded.

“ That’s it. You’re quick at figures. But
I’ll change that—I’ll make it that you have
to do twenty—and then doing the other
twenty will be optional. Maybe,” he con-
cluded with a grin, “ you’ll like it so well
when you get twenty bushels done that
you’ll wTant to do all the beans in town.'’
Springtime was too hot to speak. He sat
gripping his arms and crowding back the
flood of hard words that rushed to his lips,
Osbome repeated his invitation to come to
the house, but Springtime, although he real-
ized that he was caught, did not move.

                        7	A
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

753

  “ Shift, darn you! ” shouted his jailer, and
inch by inch he got up, and putting on his
own coat, followed the old man into the
house, where he went straight upstairs and
to bed, without his supper. He was undis-
turbed, although he could hear the hall floor
creaking under Mrs. Osborne’s tread. It
was simply impossible for him to sit at the
same table with Tom Osborne without blow-
ing off in some way.

  In the morning he was back in the gal-
vanized iron jail with his beans around him,
but so sick for freedom that he did not
plunge his hand once into the bins. It was
a physical impossibility for him to do so—
his mind told him that there were only
twenty bushels of the cursed vegetable be-
tween him and freedom, yet he could not
drag himself to work, just as the schoolboy
knows that unless he gets his history lesson
there will be hard times in school, yet can-
not bring himself to study that lesson. It
was real torture, and Springtime looked
back on those few days on the road with
Durkin with a passionate, homesick longing,
as being the best days he had ever spent and
likely to be the best days he ever would
spend.

  In mid-morning he had a visitor—Dur-
kin, who had a faculty for smelling out the
hiding places of anybody. There was a
curious change in Durkin, for in spite of the
fact that he had not yet been paid for his
labor, he was wearing a new pair of shoes.
He walked into the shed and looked about
him.

  “ Is this your studio, old chap?”

  “Yes.”

  “ Rumor hath it that you have some coin
for me.”

  Springtime gave him the envelope, and
his fellow wanderer put it in his pocket
without even opening it—absolute proof
that he was a great man if ever one lived.
It was a tribute not only to the honesty of
Springtime, but to the generosity of his em-
ployer, and at the same time a hint that,
after all, money was only a rather inconveni-
ent way of exchanging values. He sat down
on one of the bins and brushed some dust
from his sleeve. That coat had already
been brushed so that it was cleaner than
the one Tom Osborne wore; there were
8 A

other queer signs about Durkin of some sort
of regeneration: new necktie and shined

shoes.

  Durkin looked with some amusement at
the measures and bins and beans on the
floor and remarked: “ Soft job, this.”

  “ Sure it is,” said Springtime warmly.
“ Durk, why don’t you come over and get
the old boy to give you a job, too? All you
have to do is to pick the dark ones out of
the light ones, or the light ones out of the
dark ones. For every five bushels I do I get
one—all my own, to sell, hock, or throw
in the river. You stick here and help me
get this done, and then we’ll beat it to-
gether.”

  Durkin raised his finger and shook his
head.

  “ No, thanks, my boy. There’s too much
sameness about that job, and I’m not beat-
ing it just yet. Springtime, this town’s a
gold mine! ”

  “ Now, look here, Durk,” said Springtime
in alarm, “ remember, I’m responsible for
bringing you here and if anything should
happen, I’d be the goat.”

  “ Don’t worry—don’t worry. This is all
inside the law. Just slip down to the Star of
Life Mission some night. That’s where I’m
living from now on.”

  Springtime stared at Durkin, but could
read nothing in his face except a lively
satisfaction with himself and his prospects.

  “Mission!” said Springtime. “You
don’t mean you’re panhandling the sky-
pilots?”

  “ Better than that,” said Durkin; “ much,
much better.” .And getting up he walked to
the door.

  “ Is that where you got the new kicks?”
asked Springtime, but the other turned
around with a significant wave of the hand
and was gone.

  The toiler had no interruptions until noon
—not even spells of work, until Osborne
came in. He glanced at the empty meas-
ures and said nothing, but opening bin
after bin ran his hands deep into the con-
tents and let them trickle through his fin-
gers. He made the rounds of the shed and
said: “ Did you ever think about the ro-
mance of food?”

  “ What?”
754

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ I said the romance of food, young fel-
low!” exclaimed Osborne.

   “ No. Is there such a thing?”

   “ I’ll tell a man there is. Wars have
been won on these things ”—letting a hand-
ful fall back into the bin—“ and nations are
going to hell for lack of ’em. Body build-
ers. Strong boys and healthy men. I don’t
suppose you have ever thought of what
broom-maldng means to the world?”

   “ I can’t say that I have.”

   “ It could hardly be expected of you.
But think of what the broom means. No
brooms in the Middle Ages—black death
sweeps ’em off. Think of all the houses that
are livable and happy because of brooms—
take the broom away and the house becomes
a hovel. Take brooms away and the death
rate doubles in a week. Now if you were in
the broom business, wouldn’t that mean
something to you—wouldn’t it make you
want to turn out good ones, better than any
one else ever turned out? But, of course, I
couldn’t expect a roamer like you to see
that.”

   “ I’m not a roamer,” said Springtime,
clenching his teeth, “ I’m a bum—a plain
American bum. If I am it’s my affair. I’m
happy to be one, and the day I shake the
dust of this town from my feet will be the
happiest in my life. I’ll celebrate it the way
the Frogs do Bastille Day.”

   “ Bastille,” said Osborne with a leer,
“ that’s French for jail, isn’t it?”

   “ Yes.”

   Springtime’s tormentor laughed loudly, as
though he had seen something extremely
funny, and looking Springtime up and down,
traced circles in the air, as though he were
painting him with stripes.

   “ Well,” he said in the best of humor,

“ nature has its freaks. Man w>as born
to work and women to weep, although I
don’t believe the last of that old wheeze.

I do believe the first. But there are all sorts
of freaks in nature; spinster moose that live
by themselves and won’t take a mate, and
hermit beaver that won’t be bothered with
family cares. Nature makes a little mistake
once in a while, but not often, and when she
does she takes care of it quick. No matter
how many loafers there are. there will al-
ways be enough workers to keep things go-

ing and they’ll always manage to make life
hell for the ones that don’t work.”

    “ Preach on! ”

    “ Yes, I enjoy casting pearls once in a
 while. I don’t give a darn what becomes of
 you after you get this job done, but I’ve
 just naturally got it into my fool head that
 you’ve got to do it. When do you think
 you can get twenty bushels finished?”

   “ Never! So help me, I’ll never touch
 another bean as long as I live! ”

   “ Rather work in a quarry, huh?” said
 the old man. “ That’s where they put ’em
 in this State. Slim McCabe was a guard
 up there before he came down here and
 cleaned this town up, and I’ve heard he was
 a spring lamb compared to the rest of ’em.
 I’m onto you, young fellah, me lad, and if
 ever I cut loose, there’ll be hell popping for
 you.”

   “Oh, get to hell out of here!” raged
 Springtime.

    “ No, I’m going to the house for lunch.”
 returned his tormentor. “ I guess you don’t
 feel like coming. No? All right.”

   He walked out and left the door wide
 open—and all the way to the house he was
 chuckling. Mrs. Osborne was at one of
 her interminable luncheons; Kitty was silent
 all through the meal, but as he went to-
 ward the door after it, she backed him into
 a comer, took him by the coat lapels, and
 said: “ I’ve got to know just what’s going
 on. What have you done with him? Why
 isn’t he here?”

   “ I’ve done nothing with him.”

   “ Come through, babv eves! Where is
 he?”

   “ Down in the bean shed—mad as a hor-
 net. He’d have lammed me if I had stayed
 a minute longer.”

    “ Look here, old-timer, you don’t think
 he had anything to do with that hold-up, do
 you?”

   “Well, I’m not saying,” said Osborne,
 and tried to look forbidding.

   Kitty shook him — rather she went
 through the motions, for he stood as solid
 as rock and she moved.

 “ You know' you don’t think so,” she said,

 “ and I’ve got to know what you are up
to. What deviltry is going on within that
handsome head now?”
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

755

    “ I’m just having a little fun,” said Os-
  borne. “ He hates picking beans worse than
  a boy hates to be spanked. I'm just trying
  to see what a hobo is good for.”

CHAPTER XVIII.

THE LIBERATOR.

AFTER her father had gone Kitty
walked swiftly down to the tin shed.
The prisoner was sitting in his chair
with his back to the bin, and Kitty’s
quick eye read in his face real suffering.
He was white, and his cheeks were
drawn as if he were under torture. She was
certain that he was thinner than on the
day he had first become acquainted with
beans; beads of perspiration stood out on
his forehead, and while his chair was tipped
back in a lounging position, she could see
that every muscle in him was strung up
reach' for an explosion of some sort. Kitty
clasped her hands tight to keep down that
feeling which came over her—a feeling
which, if it was not pity, was closely akin
to it. She walked quickly across to him
and laid her hand on his shoulder.

  “ It’s a shame,” said she, “ to put a man
like you at work like this. You simply can’t
do it, can you?”

  “ They have me stopped!”

  “ I’d feel the same about putting a mus-
tang on a milk wagon,” said Kitty, “ as I
would about putting you at this work. I
wish you were out of here—for your sake.”
“Oh, don’t I!” returned Springtime in
a passion of longing. “ Don’t I! I’d travel
in a reefer a thousand miles and think it was
great. Girl, you don’t know what it means
to be shut up.”

  His eyes were on the open door and his
face was hungry.

  “ Why don’t you go?”

  “Jail! I’ve always kept out of jail. If
I hate this, think what I would feel in jail.
I’d die!”

  “ You w’ould,” said Kitty. “ And I'm
thinking that if you stay here you’ll die, or
come close to it. It’s different with you—
when the time comes for you to move, you
have to, that’s all. You go. I simply can’t
stand by and see a man’s heart broken.”

  “ If I have to stand this any longer—I’ll
do murder! ”

   “ Skip along, then, and I’ll fix it so that
you won’t have to worry about anything.
I know you didn’t have anything to do with
that hold-up. Nobody believes you did—
least of all me, and I honestly think dad
doesn’t believe it. He’s trying you out.
He’ll do anything I set my heart on, and
when he comes home to-night I’ll tell him
I let you out and that if he does anything
about it I’ll leave home, too! I can come
close enough to it to throw a good scare
into him. Now the thing for you to do is to
go.”

   Springtime got to his feet slowly, incredu-
lously, as though he could not believe in this
freedom that had come so suddenly. He
crossed the floor in three long, noiseless
strides and looked out the door and up at
the sky.

  “ And as for Johnny,” said Kitty, “ I
have a scheme—a scheme for getting him
home. We know he lives somewhere in this
State where there’s a ball team. We'll get
a picture of him and send it around, and if
his mother’s alive, she’ll see it and send for
him. We can find out every town here that
has a ball club in it and have the picture
printed in the paper and a lot of publicity
given to it. So you needn’t worry about
that.”

  Springtime looked at her and said slowly:

“ You’re the most wonderful girl—”

  “ Good-by,” said Kitty breathlessly, and
held out her hand.

  Springtime came back to her step by
step, his face puzzled, for it had suddenly
come over him that, much as he wanted to
get away, it was not easy to leave Kitty
behind him. Little by little the sw-eetness
of her, her fresh beauty, had stolen in upon
him and twisted in among his heartstrings
so that now, with freedom before him, he
Stood looking stupidly down into the glo-
rious brown eyes and fumbled for words.

  “ Kitty! ” he said in a low voice. “ Honey
girl! ”

  Kitty’s eyes did not waver, although they
were misty.

  “ Springtime!” she whispered.

  Then his arms went about her and drew
her up so that she stood on tiptoe, and their
756

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

lips met in one binding kiss. With that kiss
and with the firm young body within the
circle of his arms, Springtime felt as though
he had been neatly cut in two by a mar-
velously clean scimitar. One-half of him
loved Kitty, adored her, would never be
happy unless near her, arid always miser-
able away from her; the other half of him
was his wandering self, and even while he
stood with Kitty’s smooth cheek against
his own, saying over and over again, “ Kitty
girl, I love you,” and she murmured,
“ Springtime, my dear—my dear,” that half
of him rose strongly and told him that he
was a wanderer, a hobo, unfit to be her hus-
band; that he would never be able to keep
her in gingham aprons, even, and that the
best thing he could do would be to get out
of that shed as fast as his legs would carry
him.

   After an indeterminate period of time, in
 which the sun spots moved across the floor
 and the mice came out and larked in the
 quiet, Kitty tilted her head back and, look-
 ing into Springtime’s face, said: “ Do you
 want to go—now?”

  At the question he could not meet the
 luminous eyes, which, in spite of the great
 love for her which welled up in him, were
 somehow frightening. So he said nothing,
 and Kitty, smiling wisely, spoke w’ith a lilt
 of sheer joy in her voice:

   “ That’s not real living, Springtime—just
 wandering from one place to another. Real
 life is in homes. I’m a fine little cook. Oh,
 it will be too wonderful! ”

   And Springtime could tell by the long
 breath she drew that for Kitty a home
 wrould be marvelous—the home he could
 not give her in a hundred years. He felt
 that long, sweet intake in a panic of cold
 misery. He tried tQ draw away from her,
 but such was the strength of his love that
 he could not.

   “ Honey,” he said, “ I couldn’t possibly
 give you all that—never!”

   “ I’ll take part,” said Kitty; “ a little at
 a time. When my grandfather married my
 grandmother they didn’t have a thing.
 Guess what they paid the minister with! ”
 “Beans!” said Springtime with a pro-
 phetic groan.

   “ Yes,” laughed Kitty, as full of joy as a

 song sparrow. “ They rode two on one
 horse to the minister with a sack of beans
 in front of the saddle. They had all they
 needed to make them happy, and before
 they died they were rich. And I don’t
 want to be rich—that isn’t what makes
 people happy, dear.”

    Springtime listened to her with a thrill
  of pure delight, but behind it was a dark
  duty to perform, and he said: “ I couldn’t
  give you even a part of it.”

    “ Why not?” asked Kitty, with perfect
 trust which comes with a newly revealed
 love. “ It isn’t so hard.”

    “ Don’t you know what I am? I’m a
 man without a trade, without a cent to his
 name. All my life I’ve been roaming—I’m
 just a hobo.”

    Kitty put her hand over his mouth and
 stopped him.

    “ I won’t have you saying such things
 about yourself! I’ve heard that word for
 the last time in my life. I’ve known what
 you were from the first—I’ve known you
 were a gentleman, no matter what you
 might be doing. And that’s enough. You
 have good blood back of you, and ability,
 and I know—I just know—that you could
 do anything you could put your hand to.
 My dad thinks so, too, and he never makes
 mistakes. Isn’t it wonderful!” she bub-
 bled. “ I don’t even know your last
 name! ”

    “ It’s McLouth,” said Springtime, laugh-
  ing w'ith her in spite of himself—“ David
  McLouth. My father was a village doctor,
  and my uncle ran the store where I’m sup-
  posed to be now. I started there, but I
  couldn’t stand it, and I began running away
  when I was fifteen—at first in the spring,
  every spring. That’s how I got my moni-
  ker—I mean my nickname—because I al-
  ways turned up on the road along in April.
  That’s why they called me Springtime.”

  “ It’s a lovely name,” said Kitty, and
began trying over combinations: Mrs. Da-
vid McLouth, Mrs. Springtime McLouth,
and even plain Mrs. Springtime. “ I’m al-
ways going to call you Springtime, and I
think I’ll have people call me Mrs. Spring-
time. That’s wonderful.”

  They both saw how wonderful it was—
so wonderful that there was nothing for him
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

757

to do but to draw Kitty up on her toes
again and seal it with a kiss. There was
another long spell of quiet, in which the
mice ventured forth again, and then Kitty
said dreamily: >

  “ Dad will be pleased. He's queer—he
likes men, and I’m sure he thinks more of
you right now than of all the rest of us
put together. I reckon you’ve got to be
the son he ought to have had. I’ve done
my best, and I’ve done a pretty good job,
considering the handicap. He’s crazy about
you just the way he was about an old
chap who lived next door to us. He and
dad used to fish together, but when the old
man died my poor pops moped for weeks.”
Springtime took himself in hand and
moved away from her, and, taking her by
the wrists, looked down into the brown
eyes with their russet glints.

  “ You listen,” he said tensely, “ because
sooner or later you’ll find out. I’m talking
straighter to you than I’ve ever talked in
my life. I’m just a plain footloose guy. I
began running away when I was big enough
to walk, and I’ve been running ever since.
God knows what it is that keeps me mov-
ing, but something does—and it’s the
strongest thing in my life. I’ve tried to
quit before, and I’ve sworn up and down
I would, but sooner or later I’m off again.
Kitty girl, I couldn’t settle down—I’m
afraid—not even for you!”

  Saying that was the bravest thing Spring-
time had ever done—a thing compared to
which fighting Gahagan was child’s play.

It stabbed him to the heart to hear her
quick breath and to see her cheek pale,
and he tried to draw her to him, but she
held his gaze with one hand on his cheek.

  “ Springtime,” she said slowly, “ you do
love me, don’t you?”

  “ I do, Kitty. 1 do love you!”

  “ And I love you, and always shall. But
I should think that if you loved me you
would want to be with me. That’s the way
it is with me.”

  “ Honey,” he cried, “ we’ve simply got to
forget each other!”

  “ But that isn’t so easy,” said Kitty
quietly. “ Suppose I can’t.”

  Springtime put his head in his hands and
cursed himself silently.

   Kitty slipped her hand to his shoulder

and gripped it.

   “ I understand. I wouldn’t be much if
I didn’t. Things will come out all right
if we are only patient. You stay with us
a while, just as long as you can stand it.
And then when you must move, I’ll let
you go. And will you promise me just one
thing?”

   “ Yes. God knows there is little enough
I can do for you.”

   “ All I ask is that you stay long enough
to finish this—this job that dad has given
you. Will you?”

   “I will!” said Springtime, nodding sol-
emnly. “ So help me, Kitty, I’ll try to fin-
ish these damn beans if it kills me! ”

   “ It won’t,” said Kitty with a laugh.

“ They aren’t so bad. All they tUce is—”

   “ Don’t say it!” cried Springtime as he
put up his hand. “ That word ‘ patience ’
is the word I fight on! ”

   Kitty looked about her at the bins and
the peck measures and the loose beans on
the floor.

  “ How much have you done to-day?”

   “ Not a one.”

  Kitty walked firmly to the door and
looked up at the sun.

   “ It must be about four now. We’ll have
about two hours to work in—you and I.
Springtime, between us we’re going to beat
this game!”

CHAPTER XIX.

THE GREAT IDEA.

OSBORNE let out a bellow when he
found Kitty at work beside Spring-
time—such a bellow that she de-
cided, under the circumstances, not to say
anything, but to let Springtime carry on the
great work by himself. For four days he
worked hard—at least, it was hard work
for nim—and finished one bushel; then the
realization that it would take him eighty
days to do twenty bushels stopped him as
neatly as a right hook to the jaw.

   “ Well, what’s wrong with you?” asked
Osborne as he he came in one noon and
found that the morning’s work amounted to
just nothing. “ You look sick.”
758

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   “ I am sick! Do you know how long it
will take me to do twenty bushels?”

   “ Oh, two or three hours.”

   “ Eighty days!”

   “ Well, what of it? That isn’t eternity.
People have done worse things. How do
you suppose a woman feels about washing
dishes day after day, year in and year out,
and ironing, and all that sort of thing?
Son, you don’t know how lucky you are.
How do you suppose a coal miner feels
about getting down into a mine and work-
ing ten hours without seeing the light? You
don't know what a cinch you have—good
place to work, with plenty of light and air,
good wages—”

   Springtime jumped out of his chair as
though he had been stung. He forced him-
self to be calm, however, and tried to make
his voice sound pacific and reasonable.

   “ Let’s you and me have a square talk.
I know you’ve got something on me—got it
good and plenty. And I’m not soft enough
to blame you for making use of it, because
if I had anything on you—man, what I
would do to you would be a caution! I
didn’t have anything to do with shooting
holes in the top of your car, but that isn’t
the point, because you think I did, and you
have a good case. More than one gun has
gone up the river for less than that. I’m
not wasting my breath telling you I’m in-
nocent. All I want to know is, w-hat are
you going to do?”

   When Springtime finished he was a bit
ashamed of himself, for his voice had run
away with him. Osborne’s eyes had never
shifted from him, and he felt that after all
it must have been a rather kiddish exhibi-
tion.

   “ I guess you mean, what are you going
to do?” said the old man smoothly. “ Well,
first you’re going up to the house for lunch,
and after that I can tip you off in just one
word—beans.”

   Springtime, baffled, dug his fingers into
 his palms to keep himself from yelling, and
 did not move as Osborne walked toward the
 door. The old man waited for a full min-
 ute, then turned and roared: “Stir your
 stumps!”

   Springtime had to follow—there was no
getting away from it, Osborne had him.

 Maybe the only thing that saved Osborne
 from personal assault as they moved to-
 ward the house was the fact that he did not
 look over his shoulder.

   But he was an unaccountable man. After
 lunch he took Springtime for a long drive
 in the country—a drive that took most of
 the afternoon—and all that time his talk
 was man-to-man talk, with never a mention
 of the hard, white vegetables that waited
 for Springtime in the tin house. It was
 about horses, dogs, fights, politics, crops—
 without a word about McCabes, jails, or
 the fact that the young man with him
 was as much in his power as Prometheus in
 the power of the vulture.

   When they returned Springtime was
 soothed, happy, almost indifferent, and
 though his feet dragged when he went to
 the bean shed he was able to sit down and
 work hard enough for an hour partly to fill
 a peck measure. Some of it he used to fill
 out the first bushel, for, as he looked at it,
 it seemed to be a rather skimpy one. He
 poured a few handfuls in, and then leveled
 it off until it was perfectly even with per-
 haps a slight swelling upward in the middle
 to show that if there were any error in
 measurement it w*as on the side of fullness
 rather than the other way.

   Kitty came in as he was smoothing it
 off. When she saw what he was doing she
 said: “Springtime!”

    The worker stood in front of his bushel,
 which it had taken five days to do, with
 nineteen bushels yet undone, and really
 felt a little pride in his work, and also with
 the undone bushels in his mind's eye, a little
 ashamed to be proud of it. But there was
 no doubt about Kitty—she was tremen-
 dously proud of him, and said so.

“ It’s wonderful!” she said. “ Too mar-
velous for words! One whole bushel done!’’
Springtime looked at it and shook his
head with the melancholy pride that the
old soldier feels at being under the worst
top sergeant in the army.

 “ It wasn’t so bad, now, was it?” coaxed
Kitty. “ It didn’t kill you, after all, did
it?”

 “ Close enough.”

“ But just think how much more fun it
would have been if you had plowed for
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

759

them and harrowed and sowed the seed and
harvested them. And then picked them
over and sold them at something over the
top price because they were the best beans
ever raised. Wouldn’t that have been fun?”
Springtime’s wild half shouted an em-
phatic “No!” although the rest of him
looked at Kitty and said *‘ Yes.” But he
shook his head and waved his hand about
at the beans which remained to be done.

  ‘‘ It took me four days to do that bush
el, and then I haven’t really done anything
to-day. That means that it will take me
a hundred days to do twenty bushels, or
ninety-five days for the nineteen left that
I have to do. Ninety-five days! That’s
over three months! ”

  “ Nonsense! ” said Kitty. “ You’ll get to
be much slicker at it as time goes along, and
then you’ll work harder every day. I’ll bet
it won’t take you a day over two months.
Increased production—that’s what you
want, and you can get it, because people
actually make money doing this, and they
don't get anywhere near as good pay as dad
is giving you.”

  “ Do they all do it by hand?”

  “ I don’t know—maybe not. I think in
some big places they have machines of some
kind, but they have to have people to run
them, just the same. I never did get it
quite straight—maybe the machines are for
something else. But I mustn’t stay and
bother you. You get along to work, and in
two months from now you’ll have every last
bean done.”

  ‘'Two months!” exclaimed Springtime
with feeling as he watched her go.

  By that time it would be cold crossing
the great divide, and it would be raining in
California, but something told him that
cold or no cold he would go. He stood for
a long time, watching the door through
which Kitty had gone, for she had left a
seed which began to sprout, flourish, send
out branches, and almost to bear fruit.

  She had spoken of a machine—and there
sprang up in his mind a full-grown picture
of just the thing that he needed to get this
business done in six days instead of sixty.
If only there were a moving band now,
something that went around on two rollers,
a sort of endless belt on which the beans

would drop out of a hopper. That would
help, for then as they went by one could
simply knock off the undesirables, while the
others fell into a basket at the end of the

table.

  Table? What table? Springtime whirled,
and saw that his imagined machine had
built it itself on just such a table as that
before him. Going over to it, he inspected
it. It was a simple flat top, with four legs,
and if he could only find rollers that would
go on each end he could arrange a belt
which would go over the top of the table
and under the bottom.

  Something or somebody would have to
turn it, but he could get a windmill or
a motor or something; that point was a
minor one. There flashed into his mind
a picture of rollers—somewhere he had seen
rollers, and he slapped his hand against his
forehead and tried to recall. Rollers—where
were rollers? Out the window! That was
it—every time he had looked out of the
window which had the best view he had
looked on the wreck of a wringer.

  He dashed out into the side yard and
salvaged it from the junk heap—a ringer
with two fairly good rollers and a crank.
He saw that, with a few bolts, he could
easily fix the rollers to ends of the table,
and then somewhere he could find canvas
with which to make his band that was to
move on them.

  Aflame with his new idea, he dashed into
the harness room of the bam and found
what tools he needed, and in addition a
strip of awning whieh had evidently been
cast aside as useless. It was full of holes,
but there was enough canvas in it to make
a belt.

  In a tin tobacco can was a complete har-
ness mending outfit—needles, thread and a
thimble. All of them he took back into
his shed, but just as he had dismembered
the wringer he heard Osborne’s feet crunch-
ing on the cinders, and he slipped out to the
stable before his jailer could come on him
and find what he was doing. The time to
show it to Osbome was when it worked—
not now. Luckily the old man did not offer
to go into the bean shed, and when he asked
Springtime how he was getting along the
toiler replied; “ Fine.”
760

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   After supper he made a few cautious in-
quiries.

   “ I should think,” he said, “ that no man
ought to do any work that a machine could
do.”

  Osborne looked at him obliquely, and
Springtime felt that the old man knew
what he was driving at, but he kept his
own face as bland as possible, so that in-
stead of getting an insult he got a real
opinion.

  “ You’re right—as long as he can make
a machine do it as well as the man does it.
Remember this—that in America there’s a
big market for machine-made things, but
people still pay the top price for the hand-
made things. Americans want the best—
more than the best. That’s why you are
always seeing hand-made shoes advertised,
and hand-loomed cloths, and hand-picked
beans. Americans want quality, and they
will pay for it.”

   “ But if the machine does it just as well
and faster?”

   “ No objection at all,” said Osborne.
“ But remember that people will still pay
for the idea of a thing being hand worked,
even if it isn’t. And a man has to be a
mite careful about advertising a thing as
being hand made when it isn’t.”

   Springtime said no more about his great
idea for sorting beans by machine, but in
the morning, for the first time, he sprinted
to the shed. Within two hours he had
made something of it—his rubbers w'ere
spinning smoothly, one on one end of the
table and the other on the opposite.

   Making the belt took longer, for it was a
question of cutting and sewing, and that was
a new sort of thing altogether. But by
noon he had the belt moving on the rollers,
and if it had not been for the fact that he
did not want Osborne to drop in on him
and see him working at this machine, he
could have got that done by the time the
noon whistle at the plow works blew. He
waited for the old man at the stable en-
trance, and when Osborne inquired how he
was getting along he answered him in his
most cheerful manner.

  It was a great moment when, with a
small packing box nailed to the table for a
hopper, he turned the crank and saw' the

beans moving past him in a broad stream.
He made the band revolve with one hand
and picked out the dark beans with the
other, and even in that awkward way, he
could see that he was working faster than he
could by hand. If only he had some one
to turn the crank now.

   All the afternoon he worked on improve-
 ments, such as hollowing the rollers slightly
 so that the load on the belt would not crawl
 off the edges, and narrowing the slit in
 the packing box so that the beans would
 slip out onto the band in a layer just one
 deep. When they were piled on top of each
 other, the whole scheme went wrong. He
 left it just before five, as perfect as he could
 make it, and went out to wait for Osborne
 in front of the stable, for the time was not
 yet ripe to show it to his jailer. He had to
 have some one to turn the crank for him
 while be sorted the load; he had no money
 and the only prospect he had of getting
 labor w-as from Durkin. After supper he
 slipped out to find the mission where Dur-
 kin was staying.

CHAPTER XX.

THE CONVERT.

 LIKE all good towns Napoleon had a good
 ^ section and a section which was not
 so good. Of course the railroad was
 the dividing line, and Springtime struck
 across the tracks to find the Star of Life
 Mission.

   Napoleon, with no factories beyond the
 plow works, had a very small slum quarter,
 and that slum quarter would have been, in
 many towns, a good residential section.
 Springtime wondered what the Star of Life
 Mission could find to work with, for the
 people seemed to be well-dressed, healthy,
 and contented. As a matter of fact, the Star
 of Life Mission had been founded more for
 the benefit of the people who ran it than the
 people to be saved.

“ If there are no worthy objects of char-
ity,” one good woman is reported as saying,

 “ what will become of Good Works?”

   Good Works there must be, and certain
 of Napoleon’s citizens who had the money
 to gratify such a hobby had founded the
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

761

    Star of Life Mission across the railway
    tracks and were on the hunt for converts.

      Springtime saw the electric sign winking
   and soon found himself entering what had
   once been a store building. The windows
   were frosted, except for a big red star paint-
   ed in the middle of each. Within the coun-
   ters had been cleared out, giving a big floor
   space covered with common chairs, all ar-
   ranged to face a platform, on which stood
   a sort of reading desk. Close before it and
   slightly raised above the level of the floor
   was a bench, and on that bench sat Durkin,
   the great man, with his head bowed and his
   shoulders stooped, every line of his figure
   expressing contrition, regret, and an earnest
   hope that he might enter into a better life
   as soon as the tall, thin man above him
   stopped praying over him.

     Springtime slipped into a seat, holding his
   cap tight over his mouth to keep down the
   laughter that always bubbled up when Dur-
   kin was on any of his great schemes. He
   glanced about him and saw that there were
   perhaps a dozen people, old and young, in
   the chairs; that there were far corner rooms
   behind glass doors; that there were a num-
   ber of big stoves in the mission.

     Take it all in all, that wouldn’t be a bad
place to live, but it was really a bit below
Durkin to try to get a job as janitor in
such a place, for that seemed to be the line
of action which he had planned. Of course,
a man could get clothing there and food
for a limited number of days, but Durkin
seemed to be full of admiration for the small
town, and not only ready, but glad to settle
down in it for good.

  That could mean only one thing—he was
planning to become a hanger-on of the Star
of Life Mission, either a perpetual exhibition
as fruit of its work, or janitor.

  A feeling soprano during the hymn that
followed the prayer drew the wanderer’s
eyes to a plump woman who sat in the very
front row of seats. Springtime could not
see much of her beyond the fact that her
smooth coils of hair were comely; that her
cheek was young, and that the nape of her
neck was extremely white. She sang with
her head up, and whenever she struck a
rich, high note, a long quiver ran through
Durkin, and he groaned.

   When the hymn was over Durkin got
slowly and dramatically to his feet, stepped
up to the platform, and threw out his hand.
The rest of the audience, including Spring-
time, sat with its head up and its ears
pinned back, so to speak, anticipating some-
thing delicious; that comely woman bowed
her head and covered her eyes with her
hands.

   Durkin tipped his head back and fixed his
eyes on a point just above the transom in
the high door where he seemed to see some-
thing of thrilling importance. When he
spoke his voice was hollow and low and full
of feeling.

   “ Friends,” he said, “ I want to tell you
to-night what the Star of Life Mission has
done for me. I want to tell you how wicked
I was and how lost in the ways of evil un-
til a kind friend took me by the hand and
showed me a better way.”

Here his eyes descended for a moment
from the point above the transom to the
bowed woman at his feet. “ Friends, I have
been wicked—no one knows but me and
the Powers above and the powers below
how bad I have been. If I should bare this
black soul to you, you would all recoil
from me—recoil as at the sight of a serpent
with its head raised and its fangs bared!”

A shudder from some, and loud cries from
others.

“ I have been a drunkard and a gambler
and a bearer of false witness—night after
night I have rolled besotted in the gutter.
Day after day I have sat at the table with
wild companions and listened to the clink
of gambler’s gold. Not so long ago I was
tempted—I undertook to do a thing for my
neighbor and gave him my solemn promise
to do it, and his enemy came and stood at
my side and said: “ Do not this thing, and
I will give you the wherewithal to buy silks
and satins and fine raiment, and wines and
strong drinks.

“ And I hearkened to him, friends, but
before I could accomplish my wicked in-
tent, another came and stood at my right
hand and told me not to do it. I had a
glimpse then of a good angel watching me,
and I could not do it. And I went to the
traducer and said: ‘ I cannot do your devil's
work for you!’ ”
762

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Tremulous cries came from the audience
—cries of gladness that Durkin had been
saved from sin. Durkin brought his gaz**
down again to the woman at his feet, who
was sobbing outright.

  Springtime sat with his head bowed in
his hands as it came over him that this em-
broidered story had its beginning in the
attempt to throw the great Hanover-Xa-
poleon ball game. He had known that
Durkin was good, but he had not known
how good, and as he struggled with his
laughter he saw a delicious picture of him-
self and the convert traveling the rest of
their days together, and recalling at least
once a day this scene in the Star of Life
Mission. He knew that Durkin was lazy,
but he knew that he was harmless, too fas-
tidious to let himself roll in any gutter,
and never having enough money on him
to gamble much.

  “ The mark of Cain is on my brow,” said
Durkin in a terrible voice, “ or would have
been if my hand had not been stayed mirac-
ulously. I have wandered in the Valley of
Darkness, friends, and I would be there now
if heaven had not sent a guide to put my
feet into the path of right living. 1 have
drunk deep—I have coveted my neighbor’s
house and lot, my tongue has been soiled
with profanity, and—”

  He stopped and threw himself back on
the mourners bench while shouts of thanks-
giving over him and a hymn arose spontane-
ously. That hymn led to another, and the
meeting came to its dose with Springtime
beginning to see the light. Durkin, with-
out the adornment which his smooth tongue
had given him, would not have been half as
interesting. If he had been a common
drunk people would have passed him by,
but no one can ignore a really bad man.

  Springtime joined in the hymns lustily,
for he liked a rousing tune as all good wan-
derers do, and when everything was over he
drifted forward in an attempt to see Durkin.
There was a ring around the sinner which
he could not break through; Durkin was
the one who broke it, and as he came down
the aisle with his hat in his hand, that same
comely woman who had sat in the front row
was on his arm.

  Springtime had a good look at her and

 approved Durkin’s taste; she was blue-eyed,
 with a skin like rose petals, flushed, just
 now, to a deep color by her recent weeping.
 Durkin looked full at Springtime, and the
 latter was in a panic for a moment for
 fear the great man would drag him forward
 as a fit subject for conversion. But Durkin,
 while looking at him, made absolutely no
 sign of recognition; Springtime understood,
 and as the two went down the street, he
 followed at a distance.

   They crossed the tracks to the good side
 of town, and not only to the good side of
 town, but to the best part of the good side.
 They stopped at the gate of a comfortable
 house standing far back from the street—a
 place as solid and substantial as govern-
 ment bonds. Springtime whistled faintly
 to let Durkin know that he was waiting for
 him and loitered under a tree until he heard
 the slamming of a door, then stepped out to
 meet Durkin. He fell into step with him,
 and the two walked dowii into the business
 section without saying a word.

   The change in Roller's pal was complete;
 he was no longer Durkin, the hobo, but
 Thomas Durkin, gentleman, and although
 there had not been much of an actual
 change in his clothes beyond the new shoes,
 tie, and collar he looked the gentleman from
 head to fooL He walked the street with
 a faintly possessive and patronizing air, as
 if, although he might not be mayor, he was
 at least a heavy taxpayer with an interest
 in pavements and street lights. He stopped
 to look in at the windows of merchandise
 as though there were nothing that it was not
 within his power to buy.

   When they came to the station park,
 where there were secluded benches under
 trees, Durkin led the way to the darkest
 of them and lighted a cigarette. He settled
 back with one long leg crossed over the
 other and drew a luxurious inhalation that
 seemed to go to his very toes. Springtime
 was delicately silent; if Durkin wanted to
 let him into his secret, he would in his own
 good time. A secret current of sympathy
 ran between them, and when their cigarette
 ends burned bright they turned to look into
 one another’s faces.

 “ Good old Springtime,” said Durkin
finally, “ what's up? Do your feet itch?’’
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

763

  “ They do, bad, main, they do!”

  “ Why don’t you drift? If you want to
go—perhaps it would be as w'ell not to wait
for me. If you were holding off on my
account—”

  “ I can’t go,” said Springtime bitterly;
“I can’t.”

  Durkin finished his cigarette thoughtfully
and lighted another.

  “ Some one must have something on you,
old chap,” he said. “ I can’t see what else
would be keeping you here.”

  Springtime sketched in brief but telling
language the history of his relations with
Tom Osbome, and at the end of that vivid
recital Durkin whistled.

  “ He’s got you, son. It's a peach. If he
were a percentage copper now he could
shake you down for the rest of your life,
and you would have to come through. He
could frame you for the pen in just ten
seconds. And all the old boy asks is that
you pick over twenty bushels of beans. He
must be a nut, but you don’t know your
own luck, my boy, for w-hen it comes to a
choice between living in a good house and
picking over a few beans and living in a
jail and breaking rock, there is really just
one answer—just one.”

  Springtime spoke of his need of a helper
to turn the crank of his bean machine, but
Durkin shook his head.

  “ Springtime, I make it a rule never to
go back. I passed that sort of work years
ago; as a matter of fact, I can say that I
never began it. You know how actors are—
if they have had a job at fifty a week, they’ll
starve before they will take one on at forty-
nine. That’s me; and I think it is a pro-
foundly right attitude.”

  “ I’ve got to have somebody,” said
Springtime, “ and I haven’t any money and
no way of making anybody do it. Boy,
wouldn’t I like to have something on old
Osbome! I’d make him turn that crank
the rest of his life!”

  Durkin ran his hands through all of his
pockets and brought out a few small silver
pieces.

  “There’s every cent I have,” he said;
“ every solitary cent and it’s yours if you
need it. I’ve a little in prospect, but it
won’t materialize very quickly. That fifty

I got at the ball game—Springtime, some-
times I think it’s a mistake to have too
many people about you who believe in you.
I really had to do something for the lads
at the railroad house. I will have to go
without smokes, but maybe I can scrounge
some off the loafers around the station until
I can get some more.”

  “ No, thanks, all the same,” said Spring-
time, and pushed the hand away that offered
what Durkin had.

  They sat for a time in silence until a clock
struck; then Durkin arose and stretched
himself.

  “ No late hours at the Star of Life,” he
said. “ I have to be in on time. Well,
keep a stiff upper lip, Springtime, and come
to see me again soon.”

  Springtime watched Durkin stroll awav
with a queer feeling of strangeness. Dur-
kin had stayed over to save him, but he
had said nothing about rescue work that
night; in fact, had advised him to drift on
without waiting for him. There w*as some-
thing in the wind; what it was he could
not say, except that it as bound to be good,
for there was about all of Durkin’s opera-
tions just that little super touch which lifted
them up into the realm of genius.

  He went back to Osborne’s house, still
not knowing where he could get any one to
turn his crank. He had thought of Kitty,
but ruled her out at once for the reason that
he wanted to surprise her, and the triumph
would be just that much greater if he could
get the thing going on his own initiative.
He had also thought of Johnny, but there
were many reasons why Johnny would not
do except as a last resort; he doubted
whether or not the lad would stick, and
Johnny was too easily amused. He would
probably find the w'hole situation very fun-
ny and would, since he was the almost con-
stant companion of old Osborne, peddle his
amusement to the old man. Osborne had
enough on,him as it was.

  He found Johnny sitting on his bed with
some new treasures spread out before him:
a knife with every known kind of blade in
it, a half ball of blue chalk, a small phial
of quicksilver, a book on sleight-of-hand and
another on “ How to Play Shortstop.”

  “Gee, lamp this junk. Springtime!” he
704

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 said. “ The old man gave it all to me.
 This funny stuff in the bottle brings dead
 people up out of the water. You bake it in
 a loaf of bread and then float it in the pond
 or river or whatever it is, and it brings ’em
 right up to the surface. That old boy’s
 a card, Springtime; he’s as regular a guy
 as ever breathed.”

   “ Ah-huh!” said Springtime.

   He was wondering what the chances were
 of getting Johnny to turn his crank, and
 looking at the bright, restless face he con-
 cluded that they were small. Johnny, who
 was as neat as a cat, brought out a little
 bundle of things wrapped up in oiled silk
 and untied it to put in it his two new books.
 He tiptoed to the door and listened and then
 came back to the bed, quivering with sup-
 pressed laughter.

    “ I’ve sure been giving that jane of yours
 a swell time,” he said in a whisper. “ She
 asked me if she couldn’t have a picture of
 me to put up on her mirror along with her
 other beaus, and I said slire she could, but
 I didn’t have any. So she allowed she'd
 take one, and asked me to come out on the
 lawn and pose for it. I went along, and she
 backed me up against the shrubbery and got
 the sun just right, but just before she clicks
 the box I yanked my cap down over my
 face. She must think I’m green to let any-
 body mug me that way.”

   All the time Johnny had been telling
 about this scene, in which Springtime rec-
 ognized Kitty’s plan to have the boy’s pic-
 ture broadcasted, he had been working on
 his bundle, and in that miscellaneous lot
 Springtime saw what was probably the only
 picture of Johnny—one which the Professor
 had taken on the fair grounds. The lad
 was posing as the checker marvel, with his
 medal and a checker board in front of him.

   “ She tries it again,” said Johnny, “ and
 that time I made such a darned face that
 you couldn’t have told whether it w’as me or
 a monkey. ‘ Why, Johnny,’ she says, ‘ I
 don’t believe you want me to have a picture
 of you.’ I told her I sure did and that I’d
 be a good boy, and so she tries it again,
 and that time I turned plunk around just as
 the thing went off, so she got nothing but
 the back of my head. After that I couldn’t
 think of any other way to side-step it. so I

 beat it. She lets on she’s pretty sore about
 it, but what the hell! What a boob I’d
 be to let anybody get my map into a pic-
 ture!

    “ I went to a Sunday school picnic the
  other day with the missis and they took a
  picture of the whole crew. I sneaked off
  into the brush, but some guy came pelting
  after me and got me and led me back by the
  ear. But when the time comes for the guy
  to squeeze the bulb I just ducks around be-
  hind a fat girl and nobody’s, the wiser. If
  a guy’s cagey there’s nothing he can’t slip
  over on these hicks.”

    “ Yes,” said Springtime, “ you’re one wise
  kid.”

   And he marked just which comer of
 which drawer Johnny used for the hiding
 place of his property. The lad had to go
 home, and by fair means or foul he intended
 to get that picture and have it copied, then
 broadcasted. Johnny lay down and pulled
 the blankets up over him and was instantly
 on the verge of sleep.

    “ Say, kid,” said Springtime, “ how about
  doing a little work for me?”

    “ Can’t,” said Johnny in a sleepy but
 prompt negative.

   “ Why not?”

    “ The old man won’t let me. He said if
  you asked me to help you to tell you to go
  to the devil.”

    That settled that.

CHAPTER XXI.

HIGH FINANCE.

 THAT picture of Johnny as a checker
 playing marvel was in Kitty’s hande
 early the next morning. Within an
 hour it was back in Johnny's kit, but in that
 hour it had been copied by a photographer,
 and Kitty had arranged a plot which seemed
 to have fair prospects of beating Johnny at
 his own game of wariness.

  “ I know a man on the newspaper here,”
said Kitty with her eyes snapping, “ and I
told him about this wonderful checker-play-
ing boy and that I had a picture of him.
He said it would make a good feature article
for some kind of syndicate he writes for and
that he would certainly like a chance to try
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

765

  his hand at it. And I told him to go ahead
and blessed him for it, and finally I told him
the whole story on the promise that he
would print only as much of it as we wanted
printed. He said he was sure it would be
printed in every town that was anywhere
big enough to have a ball team. I told him
that it would not be wise to say anything
about this being a runaway boy, and he
said it was taking all the punch out of the
narrative, but he would go ahead and write
it and that it would be printed within a few
days.”

  “ But not in this town's paper.” said
Springtime: “ if that boy got wind of it he'd
slip out of our hands like water.”

  " I thought of that,'’ said Kitty, “ and
he said he could arrange that, too. Isn’t
it wonderful?”

  It was wonderful, for Johnny had long
ago ceased to be only amusing to Spring-
time and had become a worry, for always
in the back of his mind was the picture of
old Bender as he had commissioned him to
convoy the lad home. He accosted Osborne
as the latter was leaving the stable for his
office and related the plot to him.

   “ I’ll bet the little devil beats you,” was
the old man’s comment. “ Do you want to
make a sporting proposition of it?”

  “No, thanks, but if you’ll step out to
this beanery for a minute I’ll show you
something.”

  Osborne followed, and Springtime, with
the palpitating heart of a mother showing
her first child to an audience of critical
relatives, explained the mechanism.

  “You fill this box this way, and when
the crank turns the belt moves and carries
the beans along in front of the operator.
You knock the bad ones out this way. It's
a cinch. I reckon I can work about ten
times as fast this way as the old way, and
I swear to heaven that the beans that drop
off this end are as white as that china egg
you are always talking about. There won’t
be a dark one in the lot.”

  He went on volubly and passionately, for
he knew that it lay in the old man’s power
to scrap the whole thing and set him back
to working by hand. If he did. something
told him that there would be a revolt in the
tin shed and that the consequences to Os-

  borne might be more or less permanent dis-
figurement, and to himself, more or less
permanent confinement in the county jail.
Perhaps Osborne sensed what was in the
air, and did not make any disparaging com-
ment. He took the handle, turned it, ran
his hands over the rollers and the moving
band and finally said: “ Let’s see you do
some work on it. I'll turn the crank.”
Springtime poured a few beans into the
hopper and Osborne began to turn care-
fully. Never had the inventor worked with
more concentration, for he knew that if one
or two dark-colored beans slipped past him,
the invention went into the discard. One
dark one would spell defeat. At the end of
five minutes Osborne stopped turning and
rubbed his chin.

  ‘‘ Well, I don't like the idea, but that may-
be because I'm getting out of date. It
seems to work and as long as it does, I don't
see just what I can do about it. But how
are you going to make it turn? You can’t
crank it with one hand and pick beans with
the other.”

  “ That’s the hell of it,” said the inventor.

“ I thought maybe I could get some work
somewhere for a day or two until I’d earned
enough to pay a helper.”

  Osbome shook his head slowly.

  “ I don’t fancy the idea of your working
anywhere else,” he said. “ The thing* for
you to do is to float a loan. Do you believe
in this machine?”

  “ Sure I do!”

  “ Every fool inventor believes in his ma-
chine, but so does every good inventor.
Have you ever seen the boys with their
wave machines in California—hundreds of
’em selling stock to harness the waters and
they all believe that they have the secret?
But, gosh! I wouldn’t believe in a man
who wasn't strong for his own ideas, even if
they were bad ones, any more than I would
believe in a man who wasn't strong for his
own kids, even if they looked like the
devil.”

  “ Of course,” said Springtime, “ I might
go down the main stem and batter for a few
light pieces.”

  “ Yes, you could! McCabe would be on
your neck in no time, and if he missed you,

I wouldn’t. The thing for you to do is to
.766

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 look at this thing as a business proposition.
 I’m ready to consider this—I have never
 refused to listen to a man who had some-
 thing to sell in which he did believe, and
 you might draw a lesson from thaf. I’ll
 see you at the bank at ”—he took a red-
 covered book from his pocket and consulted
 it—“ at twenty minutes to ten,” he said.
 “ I can give you ten minutes then.”

  Springtime did not dare to laugh, al-
though there was something comic in the
seriousness of the old man. Why couldn't
he hand over a five or so and let it go at
that? But Osborne was full of queer tricks
—he was as fond of playing games as any
boy, and probably this wTas another of his
games. He might get to the bank and find
that the old man wasn’t there, or some other
equally crude, practical joke. All the same,
if the old man was serious, there was a thrill
in the thought that he believed his inven-
tion good enough to bother with it.

  Another improvement occurred to him as
he waited for twenty minutes to ten to roll
around. It would be much better to have
the beans flow past him in a narrow, rapid
stream than in a broad, slow stream. It
would be ideal to get them into single file,
where he could knock off the offenders with
a stick as a machine gun would knock over
a file of soldiers. The product would be
purer. He narrowed the opening in his
hopper and put in twro slanting pieces of
wood so that the contents of the box would
slide down to the orifice.

   This took him so long that when he swung
in under the severe Doric entrance of the
Napoleon National Bank he saw by the
big clock on the sidewalk that he was five
minutes late. That did not worry him, for
the reason that he was not a business man
and had not much sympathy with business
methods. Besides, it was all more or less of
a joke, anyway—this bringing him to a
bank to borrow a five or so.

  Inside the door he looked about him,
and immediately felt somewhat chastened.
The lobby was a big, open space done in
cream-colored stone and lighted from above
by an amber skylight. The customers
moved quietly and solidly; behind their
wickets the clerks were equally quiet and
gave a feeling of tremendous efficiency, and

the clink of coin and the whisper of pajjer
gave a hint of power which suddenly made
Springtime feel small, embarrassed, and out
of place. Instinctively he reached to take
off his hat, and then seeing that other men
had theirs on, he let his stay where it was.

   At his right and left were small open
spaces separated from the rest of the bank
by low ornamental railings. Within these
spaces were open-topped mahogany desks,
and behind one he say the globular figure of
Osborne. Springtime swung up to the rail-
ing and said, in spite of the crushing effect
of the bank interior: “ Well, here I am,
boss.”

   The old man did not look up from the
intent perusal of a stamped paper which
Springtime guessed was a mortgage. His
gold-rimmed spectacles were far down on his
nose, and his shrewd eyes were almost shut
in the concentration w'hich he poured upon
a canceled paper which was not worth a
split second’s attention. That heavy piece
of paper was camouflage; Osborne was in-
tent upon driving home a lesson upon his
outlaw employee, and it was not until
Springtime had stood there for a full three
minutes in which the quietness of the bank
began to tell heavily upon his hobo impu-
dence, that he loked up and peered at the
clock under the mural decoration showing
the Arts of Peace overcoming the Arts of
War.

   “ You’re late,” he said gravely. “ I can
give you only six minutes. You will have to
work fast. Come in.”

He leaned forward and slipped the catch
on the bronze gateway so that his client
could enter. The inventor took his place in
a deep chair that faced Osbome; he sat
with one leg cocked up and his cap dangling
from his knees. It was an attitude that
looked comfortable, but the young man was
feeling far from that.

“ You want to float a loan?” said Osbome
in the same grave tone. “ Can you give me
more particulars?”

“ Ah, you know what I want,” said
Springtime; “ if I can get hold of a few
bones so that I can hire somebody to turn
the crank I get them done just that much
faster. If I can’t I do 'em by hand and
they never get done. That's all. If you.
THE BIRD OF PASSAGE.

767

want to stake me, fork over a couple of ber-
ries and I’ll have them done in a week.’’

  Osbome looked at him so intently, so
coolly that Springtime’s grin became rather
vacuous.

  “ Have you any security to offer?”

  “ No. Except that when I get five
bushels done, the next one will be mine.
That was the arrangement.”

  “ When you get four bushels done,” cor-
rected Osborne, “ I said 1 would give you
one bushel out of every fire. However, I
hardly think that could be called security,
for I have a first lien on at least part of
that for your board bill. You have been
working so slowly that you have gone be-
hind. You are right in trying to float a
loan, but a man who wants to borrow money
must offer some security, so that in case he
fails to make good, the innocent lender will
not be the sufferer. Have you anything
else?”

  “ Nothing but my clothes. I guess it’s
settled; I’ll be drifting back to work.”

  “ Just a minute. Lots of men borrow
money without any more security than you
have to offer. There would be very little
business done if people on both sides didn’t
take a chance once in a while, and when
you come right down to it industry and
honesty are assets just as much as houses
and land—more so. That’s why England
is top dog in finance and Russia isn’t.
There are a half dozen men in this com-
munity who are running their automobiles—
own ’em, too—to whom I wouldn’t lend a
cent. And there are a half dozen men here
who have nothing but health, industry, and
honesty to whom I have loaned anything
from five to five thousand dollars. You un-
derstand that such loans, of course, are not
made by savings banks. Institutions like
this one must have assets that can be easily
liquidated. I’m always willing personally
to gamble on a man with push and hon-
esty—largely from the standpoint of its
being a public service. That’s the kind of
man that builds up a town. He’s a greater
asset without one cent than a loafer is with
a million he didn’t earn.”

  Springtime, who had been following with
keen interest, shook his head. “ That lets
me out. I’m not industrious—”

   “ And maybe not honest,” said Osbome
smoothly.

   “ As long as I work by hand I’ll be in
debt to you,” returned Springtime, “ and
not only in debt, but getting deeper and
deeper all the time. I’ve seen some grading
camps where it worked the same way—you
didn’t get enough money, no matter how
hard you worked, to pay off your board bill
at the end of the week. There was only one
way to handle that situation, and that was
to take a chance and shift and then you
had a good prospect of getting in jail. I’m
not fast enough to keep up with my board
bill, and unless I speed up production I get
nothing out of it, and neither will you in the
end.”

  A delighted grin flashed for a moment on
Osborne’s face.

  “ Listen to the boy,” he said with a re-
turn to what might be called his stable
manner, “ talking about speeding up pro^ I
duction. Now I’ll tell you something else
about business. Once in a while—once in a
great while it pays to throw good money
after bad—but, mind, I’m not saying that
this is one of those times. You know the
old wheeze about how the Indian found his
lost arrow—he shot another in the same di-
rection and watched it fall. Once in a
while he probably lost both—generally he
found both. But we aren’t Indians. I’ll
waive any claim to the first sack of beans—
but if I advance any money it will be just
enough to get you past that first sack.
That’s yours to do as you darn please with,
and I’ll confess I’m a bit curious to know
just what you would do with it. Just how
much would it take to get you past that first
sack?”

  Springtime did a bit of rapid calculating
based on what he considered would be his
producing power once he had his machine
going in proper form.

  “ Ten hours,” he said. “ I have one
bushel done already and I’m sure I could
ck) four more with that machine in ten
hours, counting out time for repairs, im-
provements, and adjustments. I don t know
what wages I would have to pay.”

  “ Fifteen cents an hour,” said Osborne
with a smoothness which should have
warned Springtime. “ That’s enough for
768

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

anybody. That would make a dollar and a
half for ten hours—just one dollar and a
half more than I’m willing to risk on you.
As a panhandler you may be a great man,
but as a business risk you’re a scream. The
only thing for you to do is to get back there
and get to work. You’ve spent more time
now over a bushel than a one-armed blind
man would spend over ten. Good day! ”

  He arose and swung open the little gate,
and Springtime, speechless with rage,
crowded up to him with his fists balled.
Osborne put a hand on his arm and said:
“ Easy, now, you aren’t talking to some old
binclle stiff who couldn’t put up a fight.”
Springtime stepped slowly out, eye to eye,
with his tormentor. “ Why I don’t slam
you,” he grated, “ is beyond me!”

  “ Ah,” said Osborne, putting up a thick
forefinger, “ there’s a reason. This one’s
named McCabe.” Then with a chuckle he
turned back to his desk and Springtime
walked to the street.

  Even while he had been in the bank there
had been a change in the weather. The
wind had shifted to the northwest and there
was a scurry of gray clouds over the roof-

(

tops. That wind was biting; people bowed
their heads to it, but Springtime sniffed it
hungrily, for it brought to him the same
summons that it brought to the wild geese—
the mysterious call to be moving. There
would be fain' ice on the ponds to-morrow
morning—that wind freshened bis longing
until it burned like a spruce bough, and in
that flame he forgot all about the scene
that had just passed in the bank.

  He began to walk rapidly and heedlessly,
but he was bound more strongly than he
knew. There was McCabe and there was
Kitty; the former kept him away from the
railroad tracks and the latter drew him back
toward his pen. Within five minutes that
flame subsided into a sullen glow and he was
standing outside his shed, miserable, home-
sick for he knew not what, almost without
the courage to pull himself into that shed
and take up his dull task of sorting beans by
hand. He pushed open the door slowly and
stepped across the threshold and saw Kitty
standing by his machine and turning the
handle slowly. She looked up as he entered
and the light of pure adoration flamed up in
her eyes.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK

X3	X3	V

HE KNOWS A PLACE WHERE YOU CAN GET IT.

                         I—IE isn’t a king who has fled from his throne;

  He isn't a freak, you can bet it:

                         He hasn’t a flat where he lives all alone
                         And is trying his best to sublet it.

                        He’s not a new millionaire giving away
                        His fortune as soon as he met it—

                        Then why all the crowd flocking round him, you say?

                        He kno<Vs a place where you can get it!

                        Oh, he has more power than kaiser or king,

  And men rush to offer him credit;

  If he cannot warble, if he cannot sing,

                       His whistle—he knows how to wet it.

                       His hobby’s his own and there’s none to deny;

  They let him caress it and pet it,

                       For he is the chap who knows where, when and why,

                       And how to go somewhere and get it!

                                                                MUes Overholt.

                                                            8	A
By JACK BECHDOLT

HORATIUS ALGERNON McFALL,
the undisputed champion cook of
all the big timber camps lying
north of the Oregon State line and west of
the Cascade Mountains, listened to the ap-
peal of two old friends with grave, sad face
and an eye moistened by sympathy. Ho-
ratius was as big in person as he was famed
in the culinary art, and the heart in his
bosom was proportioned to his great girth
and height—a mighty heart, as tender as
his own pie crusts. The words of Bruce
Ray and YVally Newell touched that heart
to its core.

  “ We come to you, Horatius” Ray
explained gravely, “ because you know
women. You understand the sex. You’ve
already been married, ain’t you, old-
timer?”

  “ Five times,” McFall acknowledged
with a deep sigh. “ My last two died on
me.

  “There you are!” Ray turned to his
    9 A

friend Newell with triumph in his gaze.

“ Didn’t I tell you, Wally? Five times!
If he ain’t able to advise us, who can?”

  “ Well, Horatius had ought to know, for
a fact,” Newell admitted.

  “ Gents,” said Horatius in his clear, mild
voice so oddly at variance with his height
and girth, “ do I understand that your
troubles revolves about and centers in, so
to speak, one of the fair sex? In other
words, did vou come to consult me about a
lady?”

“ We did,” Newell admitted glumly.

  “ A little red-haired lady,” his partner
supplemented with a hopeful look.

  Horatius shook his head sagely, pursing
his lips ere he delivered judgment. “ No.
It can’t be done! The man that under-
stands ’em ain’t yet been bom. I say it
that’s led five to the altar.”

“ He’s right,” Newell agreed quickly.
“ Didn’t I try to warn you, Bruce—”

“ But, hell, Wally, he ain’t heard the

7*9
770

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

 story- yet! How can he be right? Look	had drifted far and wide. The tugboats

 here, McFall, here’s Wally and me, two of	were laid up in tidal creeks and their crews

 your old tilikums, come to you and askin’,	dispersed like last year’s dead leaves, driven

 man to man, for the sake of old times, will	by the winds of adversity. Only Horatius

 you lend us a helpin’ hand? And even be-	Algernon McFall was left. He held the job

 fore you hear what we got to say, you go	of camp watchman.

 turn us down. I ask you, is that right and	Of all the heroic figures of the old days,

fair?”	McFall saw but two any more. These were

“ No, Bruce, I don’t turn you down,”	Wally Xewell and Bruce Ray, who had

 Horatius protested. “ The claims of friend-	been bunkies so long that old habit and
 ship, when put forward by two old-timers affection held them together in the adven-

 like you and Wally, is something no man	tures of idleness. Even before the days
 can deny. When I look about me on this of national prohibition Wally and Bruce

 here old raft camp of Old Man Morris’s,	had begun saving money. As loggers go,
 and recall to my mind’s eye the scenes of they were rated men of considerable means,
 a bygone day when us old-timers lived the and for the past two years had been get-
 lives of men and not mere puppets in the ting what enjoyment an active man can

 hands of blind and unrelenting fate, I find	hope for from a life of leisure,

 them claims twined round my heart like the	The summer and winter resort hotel of

 everlasting ivy. Xo, gents, I don’t turn	Honest John Burke was situated on Skoo-

 you down; but I warn >rou if it’s about	kum Inlet, not more than seven miles from

women—”	the abandoned logging camp. As guests of

“ Just one, Horatius! Just one lady, and	Honest John’s hotel, Wally and Bruce had

 she ain't any bigger’n Wally, there—ain’t	met the red-haired, diminutive lady who

 even as big. Just one red-haired, lone, lorn	troubled them—the dashing Mrs. Kitten

woman—”	McCoy, who was summering at the resort.

“ I warn you, Bruce, size don’t cut no	And Wally Xewell had lost his heart to the

figure with a woman—”	widow.

“ A lone, lorn widow lady, Horatius—”	Bruce Ray, who was almost four inches

“ Bruce, widows are the worst of all!”	taller than six feet, explained this with

“ Well, my godfrey, Horatius! Will you	deadly seriousness. His mahogany-hued

 help us? Will you help Wally and me. or	face glistened with dew brought out by

 won’t you? Here wTe’re in a peck of trouble	eloquence and the effort to be lucid. His

and askin’ your advice! ”	large flaxen mustache drooped and his keen

“ I'll help you, Bruce, so far as mortal	blue eyes implored Horatius Algernon Mc-

 man can do. I’m at your disposal, gents.	Fall's attention, while with his big. crook-

Shoot the story!”	fingered hands dangling below round, shiny,

II.	starched cuffs, he gestured impressively.

“Look at him!” Bruce exclaimed.

Old Man Morris shut down his logging	“ Look at Wally! Ain’t he a man any

 camps two years ago, when the bottom	woman should be proud to mate with?"

 dropped out of the timber market. The	Wally, who came about to Bruce's shoui-

 raft camp on Klahowya Bay, where this	der and looked no thicker through than the

 conference took place, had been boarded	big man's thigh, sighed dejectedly. Once

 up, abandoned to the weather and the grad-	he had been the undisputed boss boom

 ual encroachment of the forest. Bunk-	tender of Old Man Morris’s camp, a bear-

 houses showed blind windows. The steam	cat log spinner and victor against all com-

 donkey engine was crated. The overhead	ers, and the chain-lightning terror of many

 cable hung idle and its pulley blocks	an old-time barroom fight,

dripped tears of rust.	Time and love had transformed him. He

   Weeds and ferns and young trees grew	was clad now in a tight-fitting costume of

 high over heaps of discarded equipment,	bright blue, wore long-pointed linen collars.

 The fallers and swampers and boom tenders	flaming cravats, white socks, and Oxfords
SHOWING THE WIDOW.

771

embroidered with innumerable stenciled
patterns that looked like colenders.

  Wallv sighed heavily.

  “ How any sane woman could pass up a
he-man like Wally for one of these here
washed-out, baldheaded, knock-kneed shoe
drummers from Seattle is what gets me! ’
Wally’s friend growled. “ The boss boom
tender of Puget Sound, and I told her so,
too.”

  “ Then, gents, I take it there’s competi-
tion in this here tournament for a lady’s
favor?” Horatius inquired.

  “ There is! That’s why we come to you,
Horatius. My godfrey, Wally and me has
done everythin’ two men could do to win
that woman—”

  “ But, good gosh, Bruce—you don’t both
aim to win her! You can’t, not in this
country.”

  “ Both? Hell, no! It’s Wally wants to
marry her, I’m tellin’ you. Naturally,
though, I’m doin’ what I can, ain’t I?
Wally and me being tilikums all this time.
And we worked every dodge we know, Ho-
ratius. We took it in shifts. When Wally
come off the job I begun, settin’ out on
the porch with her, takin’ her for walks,
tellin’ her about Wally and w’hat a husband
he’d make for some lucky girl. Why, I
even dance with her!

  “ Then, when I’m played out, Wally goes
back on watch again, and shows the lady
all his good points. Look at his clothes!
Wouldn’t you think his clothes alone would
soften her heart? And his dancin’—we
spent fifty dollars with Sid Wilcox, Honest
John’s son-in-law that teaches dancin’ in
the city, to get him learned all the fancy
new steps. And yet she show's she thinks
more of this here Addison Foster—this shoe
drummer that’s got a wall eye and dyspep-
sia!”

  “ But, Bruce, what can I do about it?”
Horatius puzzled.

  “ We thought if you’d come look over the
lady—” Wally suggested hopefully.

  Bruce took the words out of his mouth.
“ Yes, Horatius, if you’d just come over to
Honest John’s and give her kind of an ex-
pert’s survey, like. You havin’ had five
of ’em had ought to know a lot about
women. Maybe you could tell if you saw

her and talked with her, just what’s wrong
with us. Maybe you could map out some
way we could work so’s her eyes would
be opened to her mistake and she’d see
Wally in his real lights.”

  “ You’d be kind of like that ee-ficiency
engineer Old Man Morris used to have to
show him how to run his camp better,”
Wally interposed.

  “ It wouldn’t take long, Horatius! And
whilst you was at Honest John’s me and
Wally’d pay all expenses.”

  “ Our skiff is down on the beach now,”
Wally explained.

  “ And it’s only an hour’s row—”

  “ All expenses, Horatius. Maybe you’d
enjoy a hotel for a day or so—”

  “ For the sake of old times, Horatius!
It’s a small thing to ask—”

  “ And you understand women. What
say?”

  Horatius said: “ Gents, I can’t refuse.
I ain’t got the heart! We’ll have a
look at this here widow lady.”

III.

  Every summer resort has its seasona.
belle. Even Honest John Burke’s very
modest hotel at Skookum Inlet was no ex-
ception to this rule. Its guests included
ten women, several of them unmarried. The
married women were joined over the week
ends by their husbands who came from the
city, and the unmarried ones by fathers and
brothers and sweethearts—all except Mrs.
Kitten McCoy, who had no husband or
father to join her, and who recruited her
sweethearts on the spot.

   During the week, because of the arrange-
ment, there were but three men available as
cavaliers. They were Wally Newell, Bruce
Ray and Addison Foster, the shoe salesman.
Kitten McCoy appropriated all three? which
made her about as popular as rat poison
with the other women. Nevertheless, she
did it, for in that field she showed more
class, more charm, more of that come-
hither that grips the fancy of the unat-
tached man, than any of her competitors.

  Mrs. McCoy was a little woman, and if
you believed the whisperers on Honest
John’s porch she had kissed good-by to her
772

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   thirty-fifth birthday some time ago. But
 she didn’t show signs of it. She was little
 and slight, yet plump enough, too. Her
 hair was a golden red and curled profusely
 even in damp weather. Her eyes were
 brown and merry, and she had dimples.

   When the subject of his investigations
 and consideration was pointed out to Ho-
 ratius Algernon McFall, the ex-cook looked
 queer. He studied her with covert glances
 through the evening meal, and when later
 he saw her in a dancing frock, cut low and
 short in the sleeves and skirt, and generally
 summerish and cool, he looked more startled
 than ever.

   The day of McFalPs advent chanced to
 be Saturday, and the guests held an infor-
 mal dance in the hotel parlor on Saturday
 nights with a phonograph as an orchestra.
 McFall was presented to the widow by
 Bruce Ray, and Bruce left them after
 nudging his big friend significantly.

   “ I been thinking, ma’am,” said McFall,
 “ that you and me must have met some-
 wheres before?”

   “ Oh, Mr. McFall, how romantic!” The
 brown-eyed widow cuddled closer to Hora-
 tius and rolled her glance upw'ard in a
 manner calculated to do most damage.
 “ But I can’t remember you,” she added.
 “ I meet so many people.”

   McFall frowned in an effort to recollect.
 “ It come over me strong when I saw you
 come out in that dress,” he murmured.
 “ I got a feeling it must be so. Somehow I
 associate you with Australia—”

   “ Were you ever in Australia?”

  “ No, ma’am, I never was. And yet—”

   “ Neither was I. But perhaps it’s an af-
 finity! Perhaps our psychic auras harmon-
 ize. ' Oh, Mr. McFall!”

   Addison Foster, Wally Newell’s rival,
 claimed the lady at this moment, and Mc-
 Fall watched her follow him to the dance
 floor, clinging to his arm and cuddling ap-
 pealingly, just as she had clung to his own
 arm a moment before.

  “ Funny—mighty funny!” he murmured,
 strangely stirred. “ Seems like I could re-
 member her to a T, under a lot of lights
 like that. Something to do with Australia!
 Funny!”

   During the evening Horatius kept his eye

 on the widow’, and frowned and wrinkled
 up his smooth, guileless countenance as he
 tried to remember their former meeting.
 “ I seen her somewheres,” he repeated of-
 ten. “ Somewheres, all dressed up just like
 that, with bright lights and music playing.
 I’ll take my oath to that.”

  “ What say?” Bruce Ray asked. Bruce
had spent most of the evening near Hora-
tius, his blue eyes on his friend and in them
the trustful, confiding look that the suffer-
ing patient accords to the great specialist
handling his case. “ Did you dope out a
scheme yet?” Bruce whispered hoarsely.

   “ Not yet, Bruce. But I will say that
Wally picked out a elegant lady for his
wooing.”

   “ Ain’t she?” Bruce glowed with honest
pride in his friend’s choice. “ Look at her
dance! Look how she carries herself! I’m
tellin’ you that’s the kind of woman that
deserves Wally Newell. And high time
Wally wras settlin’ down, too, as I was—
Hey,‘what the hell!”

   Bruce Ray started from the wall, where
he had been leaning, and shoved his way
among the dancers, his huge fists doubling
and his tow mustache bristling.

   The music had stopped, and couples were
forming for another fox trot. Wally had
presented himself to Kitten McCoy, and
simultaneously Wally s rival, Addison Fos-
ter, had come to claim the dance.

   Bruce, the argus-eyed chaperon, saw all
this, and acted with a suddenness more
reminiscent of the logging camp than the
ballroom. His big hand clamped onto Ad-
dison Foster’s shoulder and spun him
around. He growled ominously: “ This
here is Mr. Newell’s turn to dance with that
lady, if you get what I mean!”

  “ You promised me, ma’am!” Wally was
protesting.

   Addison Foster, helpless in the giant’s
grip, coughed out something about being
only a gentleman, he could scarcely be ex-
pected to compete with loggers and their
barroom methods.

  The red-haired widow gave a little
scream, a pretty little scream that proved
she was more pleased and frightened. She
cuddled up to Bruce Ray and gently de-
tached his hand from Foster’s shoulder.
SHOWING THE WIDOW.

773

  “ You great big rude man!” she declared.

“ You mustn’t play rough, or you’ll fright-
en poor little me 'most half to death!”

  “ My gosh, Mis’ McCoy, I sure am sorry
if I—”

  “ Now!” Kitten McCoy clapped her
hands and beamed brightly on the contend-
ers. “ I have it. Just for the way you
boys act I’m going to dance with this big
bear and punish you both.”

  Horatius Algernon McFall observed all
this closely. He studied over the signifi-
cance of the scene during the dance, and
afterward summoned Bruce and Wally from
the hotel parlor by a significant beck of his
head.

  “ Gents,” he whispered when they were
on the porch, “ suppose we go some place
where we ain’t likely to be intruded upon.
I think I got an idea that’s going to iron
the wrinkles out of the course of true love!”

IV.

  The three conspirators went down to the
beach below the hotel, where, seated on logs,
they wTent into solemn conclave. McFall,
the expert on matrimony and women, de-
livered his opinion.

  “ The fair and frailer sex,” said the ex-
cook gravely, “ falls into two general clas-
sifications, according to my way of thinking
—ladies, and wromen. First there’s the la-
dies, God bless ’em—ladies with tender
hearts and natural feelings of modesty, la-
dies that needs a man’s strong arm to pro-
tect ’em, and regards such protectors with
an affection and reverence for their strength
that makes a man’s married life like it was
heaven. On the other hand, there’s just
the women—women that wants the earth
served up to ’em with a garnish of parsley
on a silver platter, women that looks on a
man as a good thing and an easy mark and
a meal ticket, and nothing more. Gents,
I’ve had both kinds, and I know. Now, this
Mis’ McCoy—”

  “ She’s a lady!” Wally declared.

  “ Of course she’s a lady,” Bruce chimed

 in.

  “ Great grief! I don’t say she ain’t,”
Horatius hastened to agree. “ That’s the
point, she’s a true lady. She’s one of these

little, tender-hearted, clinging type of wo-
men. She’s the kind of lady looks up to a
man as her natural protector and loves to
regard him as such. Trouble is you ain’t
recognized that fact properly—”

  “ Look here, McFall—”

  “ What d'you mean? You mean I ain’t
treated that lady like she was a lady?”
Wally began to seethe.

   “ I mean you ain't taking advantage of
it. I mean you ain’t using the right tac-
tics,” the cook cried hastily. “ Love is a
game, gents. The poet says ‘ All’s fair in
love and war.’ The object of it is to win the
lady, ain’t it? Well, you don’t play this
campaign right, that’s what’s the matter!
Now, take the case of this Mis’ McCoy.
She’s a lady with a tender heart and a
shrinking, clinging nature, like the vine that
twines its tendrils round the sturdy oak,
like the poet says. Ain’t that so—”

   “ Horatius is right. By godfrey, that’s
a true word, Wally!”

  “ Of course I’m right. Now what a wo-
man like that looks up to is strength in a
man. She wants a hero. She’ll worship a
hero. Trouble with Wally is he don^t show
that he is a hero.”

   “ Suffering sockeyes, Horatius, how’m I
going to show her I’m a hero?”

  “That’s just it!” Horatius exclaimed.
“ That’s the point! You’re small in stature,
Wally. It ain’t your fault, of course! You
was made that way. I know and Bruce
knows that when you get into action they
ain’t anything living that moves faster or
can put up a livelier fight. We both seen
you work. But you ain’t trying to marry
me or Bruce, you’re trying to marry this
Mis’ McCoy. And she don’t know!”

  Bruce burst out aggrievedly: “Well,
she’d ought to know! What do you suppose
I been talkin’ to her about all this time?
Talkin’ until I can’t raise my voice above
a whisper, I’m so clean wore out with it!
Ain’t I told her? Ain’t I told her how Wally
cleaned up that gang that come over from
the Troy traps lookin' for a fight with
Old Man Morris’s outfit? Ain’t I told her
how Wally, single-handed, licked a whole
scow load of roughnecks that Blacky Mc-
Donald was tryin’ to steal for Todd’s camp?
Ain’t I told her how Wally beat up the
774

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Terrible Swede that night in Billy the Mug’s
bar—”

   “ Aw, what d’you want to go tell her them
things for?” Wally protested. “ She’ll think
I’m a regular drunken shingle-weaver! ”

   “ What d’you want to tell her anything
for?” McFall* cried.

   “ What d’you mean, not tell her? You
said—”

   “ I say show her! Show her that Wally’s
the equal of twice his weight in bobcats.
Show her Wally’s a gent, and a real hero.
Show her he’s got a heart that beats for
woman in distress, a wallop that ’d floor a
pile-driver and a disposition that’s so ten-
der a little child can handle him and not
get scratched. Show her, don’t tell her!”

   “ Horatius McFall, you talk like a old
he-fool! How in the name of the pearly
gates of hell are we goin’ to show the lady
that?”

   “ Yes, how?” Wally chimed in.

   “ Simple!” McFall exclaimed triumphant-
ly. “ It’s simple if you boys ’11 learn to use
your brains. Now you listen to me and
I'll tell you a story I seen one time in a
movie showr.”

   “ Story! What’s that got to do with it?
Don’t start kiddin’ us, Horatius.”

   “ It was like this,” the cook went on
placidly. “ They was a lady, like Mis’
McCoy. A big brute like Bruce, here, was
in love with her and kidnaped her into a
cave in the woods. And then the hero—
he was a kind of slender, handsome sort of
party that didn’t look like he deist insult a
tomcat—he found the lady in the nitch of
time, and the way he lit into the big fellow
was something scandalous. After he’d beat
up that brute so his own mother wouldn’t
recognize him again the lady seen she’d
made a mistake despising him and that he
had the right stuff in him, after all, and
she wrapped her arms around his neck, and
the picture ended with happiness to all.
And, gents, the same look was in that lady’s
eye that wras in the eye of Mis’ McCoy
when that little ruction started on the dance
floor in there. Kind of scared, yet pleased!
Kind of a proud look for the hero that res-
cued her, if you understand wThat I’m driv-
ing at. So that’s how I got the idea, and
if you take my advice that’s the plan you’ll

follow. Remember, I’ve led five to the
alfar—”

   “ Plan! What plan?” Wally wanted to
 know.

   “If that’s sr plan, I’m a Chinaman,’"
 Bruce Ray declared.

    “ Ain’t I doing my best to tell you the
 plan? Lay off and let me talk! Or maybe
 you’d rather bungle along and let this Addi-
 son Foster win the lady’s heart and hand?”

   Wally and Bruce hurriedly assured Ho-
 ratius that he had the floor. They paid
 him the compliment of close attention while
 he detailed his notion of translating the in-
 cident of the movie show into real life and
 genuine thrills. And in time Horatius Al-
 gernon McFall, who had married and
 mourned for five of his own, had them con-
 vinced that he understood women.

                     V.

    As the details developed and rehearsals
 ironed out the rough spots, Horatius Alger-
 non McFall was inclined to look on the little
 drama in real life, which he had cooked up
 and was stage managing as one of his culi-
 nary triumphs. The plot was simple.

   Wally, of course, must be the hero. It
 was Wally who wTas to wrest the widow from
 the hands of the brute who had abducted
 her to his woodland lair.

   The role of the brute was assigned to
 Bruce Ray after a great deal of argument.

    u Hell, boys, I can't do it! I just couldn't
 touch a finger to that lady. I wouldn't
 dast!” Bruce objected.

   “ But, Bruce, somebody's got to do it.
 It’s all pretending, anyhow—’’

   “ Aw, no. Don’t ask me! I’m a-scairt
 to do it, Wally.”

   “ Nothing to be scairt of,” Horatius
 argued. “ Just grab her up and run off with
 her to the old cabin, that’s all. Me, I'd do
 it myself, but I’m too fat! Nobody’d ever
 take me for a wild man—not even a lady.
 Bruce, I thought you’d do anything to help
 out Wally?”

   “ My godfrey, so I would! But—
 but—”

On the grounds of friendship they won
him over. He consented to be the wild man
of the woods. For that reason he left Honest
SHOWING THE WIDOW.

775

John’s hotel and retired to the abandoned
logging camp to let his whiskers grow and
be perfected in the arts of Thespis.

  After two weeks Horatius was satisfied
they could give a finished performance.
Bruce had grown sufficient whiskers to pass
as a wild and villainous caveman, Wally was
desperate enough to undertake the regctie
with proper spirit, and besides, the widow
was showing a preference for the company
of Addison Foster, the shoe salesman.

  The plot was simple. Wally was to take
Kitten McCoy for a walk in the woods
and make an excuse to leave her alone.
Bruce would kidnap her and carry her to a
ruinous log cabin. There the dashing Wally
would trail her, engage in a thrilling rough-
and-tumble battle, in which he would com-
pletely vanquish the wild man. After that
Horatius was willing to trust to Nature and
feminine psychology.

  “ But, remember, gents,” he said earnest-
ly, “ that fight has got to look like it was the
real thing. Get mad! Don’t forget. Go
at it like it was life or death, but, Bruce,
for the sake of Pete, don’t you go forget and
not let Wally floor you!”

  “ Aw, shucks, Horatius, it don't seem
right fighting thataway in front of a lady!”
“You fight!” Horatius said firmly.
“ You fight if you aim to help out your old
pal. And, another thing, don’t you dast
say a word when you carry off the lady.
Silence will scare her most. Besides, if you
was to speak, you’d go apologizing to her!”
Horatius was well satisfied. He had come
to like the role of expert in feminine psy-
chology, and the doglike gratitude of two
such famous old-timers as Bruce and Wally
was ample reward for his trouble. Only
one thing troubled him.

  “ I do wish to Tophet I could remember
where I seen that widow before,” he mused.
“ I did see her, sure as sunrise. With that
kind of a fancy dress, and bare arms—and
a lot of bright lights shining. Australia!
Funny I keep thinking of Australia.”

VI.

  The abduction worked perfectly. Hora-
tius, watching from the shelter of the under-
growth, was delighted.

  Bruce Ray, who would lay down his life
any time for his friend, was in a state of
mind that made him terrible, indeed. Lay-
ing down his life was as nothing compared
to what Wally asked of him now. An
inbred terror of women in general, aggra-
vated by a severe attack of stage fright,
had driven him into a sort of desperation
that made him truly wild. No actor could
have looked half so dangerous.

   When this tattered, terrifying apparition
burst from the woods and snatched her into
his arms the Widow McCoy gave one gasp
and then lay still while Bruce trotted off
with her.

  “ Likely fainted,” Horatius thought.
“ That’s all the better. Now, Wally—”
He turned to Newell, crouching beside him.
Wally had laid aside his new* blue coat,
neatly folded. He had loosed the collar
from his shirt, tom the shirt open in the
accepted manner of heroes who always ex-
pose manly bosoms, rumpled up his hair and
already assumed a look of righteous indigna-
tion winch was not altogether pretense. The
sight of Kitten McCoy in Bruce’s arms
was a bit startling to Wrally.

  “After ’em, boy!” the cook whispered
tensely. “ But not too fast, Wally! Easy!
Give Bruce time to reach the cabin!”

   WTally was off like a shot, Horatius fol-
lowing in his wake. The cook was not built
for running, and the underbrush was thick.
After he had wallowed through a blackberry
thicket and just saved himself from a bad
fall by grasping at a stalk of prickly devil’s
club he took it at a w’alk. Puffing, sweat-
ing and still busy picking briers out of vari-
ous parts of his anatomy, he finally neared
the ruinous cabin and heard sounds of a
commotion worthy of the best melodrama.

   Feet were thudding on the old plank floor
and groans and grunts and the occasional
smack of a fist punctuated the thudding.
Wally and Bruce wrere fighting hammer and
tongs.

  The cook circled the front of the build-
ing and stole up from the rear. Half the
roof of the place had fallen in and the w-alls
gaped. It was no trouble to find a peep-
hole.

   The fighters circled dizzily, feinting, rush-
ing, dodging. Most of Wally’s shirt had
776

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

been torn off. There was a trickle of real
blood smeared across the pseudo wild man’s
face. His blue eyes gleamed terribly from
under the thatch of blond hair.

  The Widow McCoy stood flattened
against the log wall, half crouching, all her
attention concentrated on the two combat-
ants.

   Her brown eyes were gleaming, wide with
a fierce sort of exultation. Her red lips
parted in what might have been a grimace
of terror, but looked more like a smile of
delight. She clasped her hands, and from
time to time gasped words of encourage-
ment, unintelligible to the cook.

   The drumming boots of the fighters raised
 a terrific cloud of dust from the rotting
 boards. The very frame of the old cabin
 rocked and rattled with the battle.

  “ Get him, Wally! Land on him!” Ho-
ratius prompted through his chink in the
wall. “ Soak him, old kid! Atta boy!
Bruce! Bruce! Lay dowm! Lay down,
you fat head! ’S’enough, I tell you.
O-o-o-oh!”

  Wally had rushed the big man. Their
arms locked about each other’s waists.

   The hero looked like a child of ten in
Bruce Ray’s grip.

   They teetered and shuffled, wrestling sav-
 agely.

   Then Wally ripped himself free, and his
right fist flashed, smack! Bruce tottered.
Smack! came the hero’s left. The huge
logger dropped with a crash like the fall of
a giant redwood. The solid earth quivered
with shock.

   Then a moment of stupefying silence.

   Wally, the hero, rocked a little dizzily
as he leaned over the prostrate caveman,
fists ready to inflict further punishment if
the brute as much as dared stir.

   But Bruce was satisfied. He held laid
his wreath on friendship’s altar. He had
nothing more to contribute.

   Wally turned on the widow. “ Fear noth-
ing, dear lady,” he panted, stumbling over
the speech Horatius had taught him, “ this
big stiff won’t—er—won’t—that is—”

   The diminutive hero never remembered
the rest of what he had to say. It was
some time before he remembered anything
clearly.

   Kitten McCoy bounded from her comer.

    She said nothing at all, but the smile on
 her face was grim and terrible, and as she
 came her right fist lashed out like a tongue
 of avenging flame. The blow spun Wally
 Newell like a top.

   Before he ceased spinning the widow
 caught him again.

   Wally emitted one yell, one wild, mad
 yell, compounded of equal parts of pain,
 surprise and indignation. Vainly he tried
 to cover himself from her blows. She drove
 him round and round the little cabin, and
 fast as he wrent her blows landed faster.

   A crouching, grinning terror was the
 Widow McCoy, a terror with two fists of
 granite and the skill and muscle to drive
 them accurately and fast as bullets. She
 moved with a lithe, bounding grace that was
 feline, and every move urged the hapless
 Wally to greater terror.

    Bruce Ray, sitting up, witnessed the as-
 tounding exhibition with his jaw hanging
 open. Wally was getting the worst of it!
 When that fact finally registered the big
 man leaped to his feet and shoved himself
 between the pursuer and pursued, bellow-
 ing: “ Lay offen him, ma’am. For Pete’s
 sake, lay off—”

    The widow seemed scarcely to notice his
 presence. She leaped around him to land
 another blow.

    “ Hey! ” Bruce roared in protest. “ Hey,
 you! ”

    This time he caught her arm in his huge
 hand and stopped her.

   The arm was snatched from his grasp.
 “ Keep out of this,” snapped the Widow
 McCoy, and before the big man could raise
 a finger her fist connected neatly with the
 point of his chin. Bruce Ray toppled and
 fell again, and this time his fall was less ar-
 tistic, but much more convincing. He had
 been knocked out in dead earnest.

   A moment more the battling widow toyed
 with her prey. Then Wally Newell fol-
 lowed his friend to the floor.

   Kitten McCoy turned then on the fallen
giant. She flung herself to the floor beside
Bruce, and with her little lace handkerchief
began to wipe the blood from his face.

“ Bruce!” she sobbed. “ Bruce, deary!
Open your eyes! Say you forgive me!
SHOWING THE WIDOW.

777

Bruce, I didn’t mean to hurt my big boy!

I didn't mean to. Deary, speak to me—oh,
speak to me—”

VII.

  Wally Newell bad crawled from the
cabin and Horatius assisted him to a near-
by stream, where he bathed himself and
gradually recovered some recollection of
events. With the cook’s recital to fill the
gaps the state of affairs dawned on Wally.

  “Oh, my gosh, Horatius! She never
wanted tc be rescued! That must have
been it—and yet it don’t seem possible. It
don’t seem as if it could be—Horatius,
sneak back and see what they’re doing
now!”

  Horatius did and reported.

  “ I guess you’re right, Wally. She didn’t
want to be took away from Bruce. She’s
a-tying up his scratches and calling him her
Little Lambseytivey. Looks to me like
she’d made up her mind to marry Bruce—”
“ But, Horatius, supposing Bruce don’t
want to marry her?”

“ Wally,” said the cook with dread sig-
nificance, “ I guess if she's made up her

mind, that’s settled. Would you go for to
refuse a lady with a wallop like that?”

  Wally groaned and shuddered.

  “ And what’s more,” Horatius said, “ I
remember at last where I seen her before.
It came to me while she was chasing you
round the cabin. Must have been fifteen
years ago, but I’ll never forget it. They
w'as a circus to Whatcom one Fourth of
July, Wally, and it had a genuine Australian
boxing kangaroo. Used to put gloves on
all fours of that kangaroo’s feet and invite
all comers to scrap him. When he got mad
he’d raise up on his tail and land a punch
with his hind foot that knocked out the best
rough-and-tumble fighters on Puget Sound.
Then a lady come out in the ring and put
on the gloves with that kangaroo. And,
Wally, that lady walloped the tar out of
him!

   “ I remember it all now, like it was yes-
 terday, the bright lights, and the lady’s
 spangly dress and her curly red hair. It’s
 her, all right, Wally, her back there in the
 cabin, making up her mind to marry Bruce!
 That’s the lady in the circus that used to
 lick the kangaroo!”

THE MODERN PROPOSAL

         YJT7IIY worry over rumpled lace

               When you’ve a lover to embrace?

         Yet—is the rouge upon your face

                              A blunder?

         Will he disturb your hair’s smooth gold—

         Isn’t the evening growing cold?—

          Cruel to break a lover’s hold

                               Asunder!

         No one will watch you but the moon;

        You must go back soon—all too soon—

          But now the near lips softly croon

                                For plunder;

         Well, when you go indoors and blink.

          Disheveled just a bit, I think,

         Will you be brazen? Will you shrink?

                                I wonder!

Ruth Wright Kaufftnan.
 By HULBERT FOOTNER

Author of ‘‘A Self-Made Thief,” “Country Love/’ “Madame Storey’s Way,” etc.

CHAPTER XXIII.

THE FAIRY TALE.

THE big davenport in front of the fire-
place accommodated the whole quar-
tet in a row; Sutliffe, Diantha, Myra,
and Dimmock. Before leaving Kittson had
replenished the fire with cannel coal, and
all four pairs of eyes were held fascinated
by the leaping yellow flames. To have seen
them sitting there so quietly relaxed, who
could have suspected the feelings and pas-
sions stirring within; lust, a cold hate and a
generous indignation. Sutliffe glanced side-
wise at Diantha’s lovely neck and his limbs
twitched; Myra, while she plotted the girl’s
betrayal, caught up her hand and affection-
ately patted it. Diantha, suspecting what
was passing in her thoughts, could scarcely
tolerate her touch. Only Dimmock had
nothing in particular on his mind. He sup-
plied most of the chatter.

 “ This is great! An open fire lets you
 down so comfy. Life in this town keeps
 you keyed up to concert pitch. You have
 to watch out or you bust your G string.”

 “ You’re keyed up too sharp, Dimmock,”
 drawled Myra. “You squeak!”

 “ Lovely lady, I am no Stradivari us, but
 only a Montgomery Ward. But if you will
 deign to play on me—”

 “ Oh, shut up! What makes you so quiet,
 Diantha?”

 “ Nothing. It's nice here."

 “ Better than that foolish play?”

 “ Rather! Kirwan is the quiet one.”

 “ What, ho, Sut!” cried Dimmock.

 “ Avast, there!” answered Sutliffe.

 “ He looks pale,” opined Dimmock.

 “ Must have been the curry with chopped
 almonds and raisins. That was masterly,
 Myra! Must get the recipe from you.
 Once when I lunched with the Bleecker \ an
 Brocklins they had a curry—”

This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for September 23.

778
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

779

   Dimmock's great preoccupation was food,
 and he was well launched now. The other
 three let him run on while the}’ thought
 their own thoughts. The proper way to
 cook a canvas back; submerge him in boil-
 ing fat for twenty minutes to seal up his
 delectable juices; the various merits of be-
 chamel, hollandaise and beamaise, et cetera,
 et cetera.

   Once when Diantha leaned forward to
poke the fire Myra sent Sutliffe an admon-
ishing glance behind her back. He was giv-
ing too much away in his looks at Diantha.
He was not playing up to the sprightly part
Myra had laid down for him.

   Sutliffe roused himself with an effort and
 started to chaff Dimmock. Dimmock came
 back. The verbal shuttlecock was batted
 back and forth. It was not very writty, but
 Diantha laughed good naturedly. Nothing
 could have seemed more innocent and harm-
 less.

   When a lull came Myra said lazily: “ Kir-
 wan, haven’t you a lot of cups that you won
 in track meets at college?”

   “ On the sideboard in the dining room,”
 said Sutliffe.

   “ I want to see them. Come on, Dim-
mock.”

   The two strolled into the next room. Sut-
 liffe’s eyes were fixed on them. A long
 breath escaped him. He leaned toward
 Diantha.

  “Thank God!” he murmured. “I
couldn’t have stood it much longer! What
a torment to sit here beside you with others
present! To have to make small talk!”

   The passion in his voice scorched Dian-
 tha. She shrank away from him. “ Kir-
 wan, please she murmured. “ They’ll be
 back in a moment!”

   He put a strong curb on himself, and took
 her hand quietly.

   “ I worship you,” he murmured. “ You
do care a little, don’t you?”

   “ I—I think so,” stammered Diantha.
“ Listen.”

   From the next room came Myra’s lazy
drawl, praising the cups. Then the sound
ceased. Diantha, after waiting a moment,
called:

   “ Myra! ”

   “ From the next room: “ Yes, dear?”

  “ Aren't you coming back?”

  “ There’s another adorable settee in here.
We’re trying it out.”

  Sutliffe’s arm was creeping around Di-
antha’s waist, and his lips were at her ear.

  “ You see, darling, they want to give US
a teeny little chance to be together!”
Diantha shied away from him. Sutliffe
bit his lip in chagrin. Indeed, Diantha
seemed to be of two minds whether to stay
or join Myra. He exerted his powers of
cajolery.

  “ Forgive me, Di! Suppose I startled
you. It was rotten of me when you’re here
in my place. You are more than ever
sacred to me here. I’ve got a grip on my-
self now. You needn’t be afraid.”

  How astonished would he have been
could he have read the apparently shrinking
girl’s thoughts.

  “ If Myra is going to sneak out, I wish
she’d be done with it, so I could get the
letters and make my own get-away. I sup-
pose he has a pistol somewhere. But it
can’t be on him. I can get mine out first.
How can I keep him covered, and at the
same time get the safe open? Well, if the
worst comes to the worst I’ll have to open
the window.”

  “You are so wonderful!” he wyent on.
“ And so terribly sweet! Your hair is like a
bronze mist—how lovely it must be when
it’s down! Your neck is like cream! ”

  “ Don’t praise me, Kir wan,” she mur-
mured in seeming confusion. She had a
difficult part to play.

  A light laugh came to them from the next
room.

  “ What’s the joke?” Diantha called out.
  Sutliffe turned away impatiently.

  Myra’s answer came: “ Not worth repeat-
ing, dear. Dimmock’s got as far as the
roast in his bill of fare. He says geese
should be stuffed with chestnuts. I told
him he was, and now he’s sore.”

  They laughed.

  “ It’s because I am kept from you that
I get so savage,” Sutliffe murmured. “ If
we were together you would find me very
different. You are so many kinds of wo-
men I could love you hundreds of ways! ”

  “ Kirvvan, why can’t we be quietly happy
here by the fire?”
780

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  “ We can—if you will come close to me.”

  She moved over a little.

  “ What do you see in the fire, sweet-
heart?” he asked.

  •‘Nothing!” she said. “ What do you
see?”

  “ Look! ” he said. “ That big black lump
at one side, that’s a church, the portico of
a church. That crack in it is the door not
quite closed, and those little darting flames
that come out, that’s happiness. The
church is so plumb full of happiness it’s
bursting out of the door! If you listen you
can hear the most heavenly music coming
out of that church. And outside you see
there are crowds of little dancing flames.
Those are the happy people waiting to wish
them luck.”

  “ Wish who luck?” whispered Diantha.

  “ Why, the boy and girl who are getting
married in the church, of course. You’ll
see them in a minute. That smaller lump
across from the church door, that’s a big
limousine waiting to transport them to the
realms of bliss, their honeymoon car! Now
the flames are burning brighter, the church
door bursts open, here they come arm in
arm with their dreamy eyes fixed on each
other. He’s a big fellow, you see, with a w’ild
nature, but she can tame him with the light-
est touch of her little hand. He adores
her—”

  In the next room Myra and Dimmock
were frankly at a loss for conversation.

  “Have we got to sit here all night?”
Dimmock asked, yawning.

  Myra shook her head.

  “ Can I get a drink from the sideboard?”

  “ No, the slightest sound now would spoil
everything.”

  Her head was inclined to listen. At first
she could hear the murmur of Sutliffe’s
voice, but as his tale became more intimate
it dropped. Stillness filled both rooms.
Myra rose and glided to the opening. Con-
cealed behind the door frame she strained
her ears to hear. Sutliffe was fully launched
on his fairy story. A smile of gratified
malice broke over Myra’s face. Everything
going fine!

  Returning, she beckoned to Dimmock,
and the two of them walking on tiptoe,
passed out into the hall of the apartment.

Their wraps were lying on an oaken chest
out there. Myra signed to Dimmock to
gather them up. She opened the door with
infinite caution, and peremptorily indicated
the way out to him. His foolish face was
drawn up in protest, but he obeyed.

   Myra, following, closed the door so care-
fully that only the final click of the latch
was heard. This was the prearranged signal
back to Sutliffe. Even if Diantha heard
it, they figured she would think nothing of
the closing of a door. She would not know
but that Sutliffe’s servant was still in the
flat.

  Outside Myra laughed softly, and rang
for the elevator.

  Dimmock pursed his lips out. “ I say,
Myra, this is a rotten deal—”

   “ Be quiet!” she said. She languidly put
up her arms to receive her cloak.

  Dimmock put it about her and wriggled
into his overcoat.

  “ Good God, what a devil you are!” he
muttered.

   Myra was flattered.

  When Sutliffe heard the door click a
w’arm feeling of satisfaction stole through
him. The business was about clinched now!
He kept on with his story. He took an add-
ed zest in it, throwing a melting tenderness
into his voice. He meant to have Diantha.
anyway, but of course he preferred to charm
her into yielding, if he could.

     . . And so the big boy and the
little girl were happy ever afterward!”

  Diantha had heard the click of a door,
but could not be sure that it signified MvTa’s
departure. Inside she felt as taut as steel.
Nevertheless, her cheek was couched in the
hollow of Sutliffe’s shoulder. He drew her
closer to him.

  Diantha snatched at any excuse to gain
time. “ Oh, Kirwan, our fire is dying
dowm! ”

   “ That’s easy fixed,” he said with a laugh.
Leaning forward, he tapped the lumps with
the poker. They fell apart, and the yellow
flames leaped up afresh. “ Plenty more
happiness you see!”

  “ But that will only last a moment. And
the scuttle is empty.”

  “ More in the kitchen.” He rose. He
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

781

had his own reason for wishing to leave
the room. “ Will you stay here until I
come back?”

  She nodded.

   While he was getting the coal, he put the
front door on its chain to guard against
eventualities—such as a sudden break for
freedom.

  In his absence Diantha peeped into the
next room. It was empty. So much the
better! She looked desirously at the ma-
hogany cabinet, but heard him coming back
and made haste to resume her former atti-
tude on the davenport.

  When he returned to her side she de-
clined to come back within his arm. “ I’m
not sure if I care—the right way,” she mur-
mured.

   Like all sensualists Sutliffe relied on sen-
suality. “ There’s only one way you can be
sure,” he said, leaning toward her with a
confident smile.

  “ No, Kirwan!”

  “ Kiss me!”

  “ No, no!”

  “ You must!"

  Diantha thought: “ The moment has
come! ” She steeled herself.

   “ No! ” she cried in quite a different tone.
No maidenly indecision in this.

   At this sharp reply Sutliffe’s countenance
took an ugly turn. “ What’s the matter,
don’t you like me?”

  “ No!”

  He laughed hatefully. Diantha moved
away from him warily. He crept toward
her, breathing fast, his lips parted and set in
a sneer, his eyes filmy and irresponsible,
purely animal. Diantha gained her feet and
began to fumble for her pocket. She got a
grip on the handle of her pistol. Before
she could draw it the door bell sounded
thrice.

   Sutliffe swallowed an oath. He had com-
pletely forgotten the expected waiter. Now
he was afraid Diantha would seize the occa-
sion of the man’s entrance to escape. With
a lightning change of front he began to
laugh.

   “ I was just fooling! ” he said.

   Diantha was looking at him blankly. She
couldn’t imagine what this interruption por-
tended. She didn’t want to escape—yet.

 “ Wait here till I come back,” said Sut-
 liffe.

 She nodded.

   Sutliffe went down the hall telling himself
 that she was only putting up a bluff of

 resistance.

   While he was out of the room Diantha
 gazed longingly at the safe again. But it
 was too risky to try to get it open before
 he returned. She must still play her part
 for a little.

   She went through the rooms softly call-
 ing: “ Myra! Myra! ”

CHAPTER XXIV.

THE WAITER.

 AS soon as Kittson had carried out Sut-
 liffe’s orders he made haste to change
 his clothes, threw his slender belong-
 ings into a grip, and left the apartment.
 He did not expect to return.

   He hurried to a cigar store on Sixth
 Avenue and called up Randal Guyon’s
 house. Randal was not at home. After the
 loss of several precious minutes Kittson ran
 him down in the athletic club, not a dozen
 blocks from where he was telephoning. Two
 minutes later a taxicab deposited Randal
 in front of the cigar store.

   Kittson left his bag with the tobacconist
 and the two went outside to talk. Kittson,
 dreading the effect on Randal, told him
 haltingly what had happened.

   But Randal took it as such blows are
 generally taken, quietly. He drewT a sharp
 breath, his teeth came together with a snap,
 his body stiffened.

   Kittson was becoming frightened by the
 quiet demeanor of the young man.

   “ What are you going to do, sir?” he
 stammered.

  “ Let me think,” muttered Randal.
 “ Whatever I do—I must do alone.”

   “ I am here,” said Kittson.

   “ Come on, let’s walk in that direction,”
 said Randal sharply. “ I’ll get in there
 somehow. You have a latch key?”

   Kittson produced it. “ But there’s a
 chain on the door, sir. He’s sure to fasten
 that.”

“ You said there was a waiter expected.
782

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

He’s to ring three times. I’ll ring three

times.”

   “ He’s apt to take a look, sir, before he
takes the chain off.”

  Randal considered. “ I’ll have to hide
behind the stair door until the waiter comes.
When Sutliffe opens the door to him I’ll rush
it.”

  “ But he’s a bigger man than you, sir.
How will you—”

  Randal laughed a single note. “ Don’t
worry about that. Once I get inside 111
handle him.”

   “ Can’t I help you, sir?”

   Randal shook his head.

   “ I can’t have any public row!”

  When they were within a few yards of
the apartment house a woman clad in mag-
nificent sables came out, followed by an in-
significant male. Randal and Kittson
stopped.

  “Myra Follett!” muttered the former.
“ You were right. They have left her there.
Oh, God, if they’ve drugged her—”

   “ In that case he’d hardly order supper,”
suggested Kittson.

  Randal pressed his arm gratefully.
“ You’re right! But how could she consent
to be left behind?”

  Myra and Dimmock entered the waiting
landaulet and drove away. Randal and
Kittson parted. Randal entered the house.
Kittson walked*up and down outside.

  Randal was a frequent visitor in the
apartment house. “ Mr. Oddie in?” he
asked carelessly.

   “ Y'es, sir.”

  When the car let him out at the fourth
floor Randal turned in the direction of Od-
die’s door. As soon as the boy had dropped
out of sight, he softly retraced his steps to
Sutliffe’s door and listened. He could hear
nothing. With the greatest care he inserted
the latch key Kittson had given him and
turned it. The door opened for a couple of
inches, but as he expected, it was caught on
its chain.

   Straining his ears Randal heard the low
murmur of two voices from the living room.
He could not hear the words. But there was
nothing to excite alarm. His strained breast
relaxed a little.

   “ I am in time,” he thought.

  But it was sufficiently maddening to be
so near her, yet prevented from reaching

her side by that chain.

  The clang of the elevator door below
forced him hastily to close Sutliffe’s door,
and seek a hiding place on the stairs. The
stairs were shut off the landing by a swing
door alongside the elevator; this door had
a little square pane of glass at eye-level.
The elevator ascended to the floor above,
discharged passengers and returned. Once
more Randal opened Sutliffe’s door and lis-
tened.

  Presently the elevator started to rise
again, and he was forced to retreat behind
the stair door. The car stopped beside
him. Peering sidewise through the little
pane he saw the waiter get out, earn ing his
tray. It was a man from Claretie’s, who
had often served Randal. His name was
Antoine. Antoine paused by the elevator
door to chat with the operator. That youth
stuck his head out of the car, and both of
them looking at Sutliffe’s door, nodded and
leered significantly.

  It caused the w-atcher’s breast to bum.
That such men should make light of Dian-
tha was almost more than he could bear.
It suggested a new difficulty. How could
he allow the waiter to be a witness to Di-
antha’s humiliation? Out of his distress a
new plan of action wTas suddenly bom. The
waiter should not see Diantha.

   The elevator door clanged, and the waiter
started across the landing. Randal pushed
out of his door, and laud a hand on the
astonished Antoine’s arm just as it was ex-
tended to press Sutliffe’s bell.

  Antoine, seeing who it was, bobbed his
head and smiled. Mr. Guyon was a good
customer. Randal, affecting a jocular air
which sat queerly on his drawn white face,
laid a finger on his lips for silence, and drew
Antoine back from Sutliffe s door.

  “ I’m going to play a joke on Mr. Sut-
liffe,” he said. “ Lend me your hat and
coat and apron.”

  At first Antoine looked dubious. Appar-
ently he doubted the good taste of the joke
when Mr. Sutliffe was entertaining a lady.
But then, for all he knew, it was still Mr.
Guyon’s apartment, too, and, anyhow, who
was he to question the doings of the young
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

783

 Olympians? He was assisted in arriving
 at a decision by the appearance of Guyon’s
 pocketbook and the flash of a five-dollar
 bill.

   Making believe to enter into the spirit
 of the joke with many nods and grins, An-
 toine put his tray down on the floor, and
 the exchange of clothing was effected. An-
 toine tied the apron around Guyon’s waist,
 and helped him into the bob-tailed coat.
 Guyon pulled the battered felt hat down
 over his eyes, and thrust his clothes upon
 Antoine.

   He urged the waiter toward the stairway.
 “ Make your way out by the service en-
 trance so the boys won’t see you.”

   Antoine seemed to fear that Mr. Sutliffe
 might make trouble for him.

   “ No chance! No chance!” said Guyon.
 “ If you should lose your job call me up
 and I'll get you another.”

   Antoine finally went down the stairs.
 Guyon picked up the tray and waited until
 he could no longer hear the sound of his
 footsteps. Then he rang Sutliffe’s bell. He
 rang three times.

   Sutliffe opened the door on the chain.
 Guyon kept his head down as if he were
 concerned with steadying the tray. The
 briefest of glances satisfied Sutliffe that it
 was the waiter he expected, and closing the
 door to throw off the chain, he opened it
 wide. He had no intention of letting the
 waiter inside, though. Putting out his hands
 for the tray, he said:

   “ I’ll take it. You needn’t wait.”

   As Sutliffe took the tray out of his hands
 Randal contrived to give the door a little
 push with his foot so that it swung all the
 way back. Then he sidled in over the
 threshold.

   “Get out!” said the astonished Sutliffe.
 Randal murmured in a disguised voice
 something about his “ check.”

   “ They know me at Claretie’s!” said Sut-
 liffe indignantly.

   He was encumbered with the tray. Be-
 fore he could put the waiter out he had to
 turn and set it down on the oaken chest.
 That gave Randal his opening. He darted
 into the dining room, throwing down the
 absurd ha* as he ran and calling softly:

   “ Diantha! Diantha!” T

 Diantha was standing in the opening be-
 tween the two rooms.

   “ You! ” she gasped.

   A conflict of feelings: terror, shame, anger
 overwhelmed her. That man! The son of
 the woman she was trying to save! For the
 moment she lost her grip. She covered her
 face.

   Sutliffe, having prudently lingered to close
 the hall door, rushed into the room beside
 himself with anger. “ Get out of here, you
 damned snooper! ” he cried.

   “ Not without her, Sutliffe!” said Randal,
 firmly.

   Diantha had recovered herself. There
 wras but the one line possible for her to take,
 though it killed her.

   “ Go!” she said. “ How dare you come
 spying on me!”

   Sutliffe laughed. “ There’s your answer.
 Get out!”

   It was like a blow in the face to Guyon,
 but he loved her well enough not to be
 moved by it..

   To Diantha he said: “ You were tricked
 into coming here. Don’t you see it now?
 It was a plot! ”

   Diantha could have wrung her hands at
 the ghastly wrong of the situation. She re-
 mained silent, averting her face from Ran-
 dal.

   “ Damn you! Have I got to thrash you
 again?” cried Sutliffe.

   “ Yes,” said Randal with a hard smile.
 “ That’s what I came for.”

   At that point the situation passed entirely
 out of Diantha’s control. She could only
 look on. Wriggling out of the waiter’s coat,
 Randal flung it on the floor, that most prim-
 itive of male gestures. Sutliffe followed
 suit. A faint cry escaped from Diantha,
 and she covered her face again. Sutliffe,
 angry as a bull, charged Randal. Randal
 nimbly side-stepped him, and escaped
 around the table. He was as cool as the
 other man was furious.

   As Sutliffe came after him he held up his
 hand with an authoritative gesture. Sut-
 liffe stopped, disconcerted. Randal, keep-
 ing the tail of an eye on the other man, put
 his weight against the heavy table and rolled
 it into the corner. Suddenly becoming con-
 scious of the absurdity of the waiter’s apron,
784

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Randal pulled the string that confined it,

and tossed that aside, too.

  Sutliffe rushed him again. This time
Randal was not quick enough. He received
a blow on the side of the head as from a
sledge hammer and crashed to the floor.

  In that moment Diantha acknowledged
her heart. She ran toward the window.
But Randal was not knocked out by a good
bit.

  “ Keep away!” he cried. “ We want no
outsiders in this. I can handle him.”

  Diantha fell back. Sutliffe laughed, his
confidence thoroughly restored.

  “ Get up, if you want more,’’ he said.

  He was crouching over Randal, prepared
to smash him the instant he started to rise.
Randal, seeing that he would not fight fair,
caught hold of one of his ankles, and in
the act of rising, butted his shoulder into
Sutliffe’s chest. The intended blow spent
itself on the air, and Sutliffe measured his
back on the rug.

  He sprang up angrier than .ever. Randal
was waiting for him on tiptoe across the
room. That first blow had made him wary.
Sutliffe was still the heavier man, and all
the training in the world could not equalize
that. But Randal was hard and Sutliffe
was soft. Randal’s line clearly was to tire
the other man out. He allowed Stuliffe to
chase him around the room. When he was
cornered he ducked.

  Sutliffe jeered, and Diantha thought her
defender was beaten. She stole toward the
window again.

  “ Randal, I must!” she murmured.

  “ Come away,” he cried in a voice that
astonished her. How the sound of his name
on her lips had heartened him!

   Sutliffe’s face was purple.

  “Stand still, you damned coward!” he
cried thickly.

  Randal laughed. “ Patience! Patience!
You’ll get yours directly!”

  Sutliffe caught him by the table, and
Randal’s head rang again. To save him-
self he clinched. They stamped and swayed
all over the room. Having clinched, Randal
could not tear himself loose. Sutliffe got
an arm about his neck and was bent on
strangling him. Randal got his knee up
between them2 and thrusting out, broke the

other man’s hold and sent him reeling back.
Sutliffe, choking with rage, tore his collar
open. It was not a pretty fight.

   “ Look out you don’t burst a blood ves-
sel, steak face!” taunted Randal. “You
eat too much for a scrapper.”

   Sutliffe rushed him. Randal jerked his
head aside and sent in his own right with
every ounce of strength he possessed behind
it. Sutliffe dropped. A little cry of en-
couragement escaped Diantha. She was
watching now with a fiery concentration
that had burned up all other feelings. When
Sutliffe perceived that warlike look in her
eye he was afraid to turn his back on her.

   Randal stood away while Sutliffe scram-
bled to his feet. Sutliffe staggered to the
sideboard, and before they realized what
he was after, snatched up a cut glass liquor
bottle and hurled it at Randal’s head. It
went wide. It smashed against the wall
beyond, and the contents splashed and ran
down the embossed wall covering.

   Sutliffe caught up the remaining bottle of
the pair, and kept it for a weapon. Hoarse-
ly panting for breath he threatened Randal
with it.

   Randal made a feint of attacking. Sut-
liffe brought the bottle down harmlessly.
As he raised his hand again Randal struck
his wrist and the bottle flew out of his
hand. Randal rushed in. Sutliffe made for
the door, Randal at his heels. As he ran
Sutliffe swung a chair behind him, and Ran-
dal crashed over it. Sutliffe, turning, kicked
him viciously.

   Diantha was electrified. She rushed- at'
Sutliffe like a flame, struggling to get her
pistol out. The man fell back, dismayed.
A second was all that Randal required to
gain his feet.

  Thrusting Diantha out of the way he
sailed into Sutliffe with right and left. The
latter was getting groggy. He spent himself
in wild swings. His defense was wide open.
Summoning all his strength, Randal sent
his right to the jaw. Sutliffe dropped and
lay inert.

  Randal looked down at him a little
stupidly. In the moment of his long-
worked-for triumph he felt no triumph. He
felt nothing. He had accomplished his aim,
and for the moment he felt as if he had lost

                          9 A
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

785

 something. The driving force was suddenly
 removed.

 He was recalled to himself by a sound
 from Diantha behind him. She was weep-
 ing softly, hurriedly, weakly, the little sobs
 stumbling over each other. Still he was
 curiously unmoved.

   “ Don't!” he said. “ It’s all right now.”
 Diantha wiped away the tears. They
 looked for a long time at each other and all
 sorts of thoughts came creeping between
 them—thoughts they could not face. They
 looked away from each other.

   “ Let’s go,” said Randal at last.

  “Wait!” murmured Diantha. “There’s
 something 1 must get. Watch him!”

   She ran into the next room. Snatching
 open the drawer of the desk, she got the
 little key and opened the mahogany cabinet.
 She dropped on her knees before the safe.
 For a ghastly moment the figures deserted
 her, but she closed her eyes and they came
 back as if written in fire inside her eyelids.

   Start at ten; two turns to the left and
 stop at thirty; three turns to the right and
 stop at seventy; one-half turn back to
 twenty. Her hands trembled so that she
 made several misses. Finally the handle
 yielded under her hand, and the little door
 swung heavily open.

   A slight sound from the opening between
 the two rooms caused her to look up. Ran-
 dal was standing there watching her in
 amazement. The jealous curiosity of a
 lover had been too strong for him. Diantha
 thrust the packet of letters inside her bodice.
 But he could see what it was. His face be-
 came distorted with suspicion, jealousy,
 rage.

  “ What are you doing?” he demanded
 harshly.

   Diantha got to her feet. “ Those are let-
 ters that Sutliffe stole,” she said quickly.
 Randal came further into the room.

   “ Whose letters?”

   Diantha was silent. “ What am I to do?”
   she thought despairingly. Sutliffe appeared
   in the opening behind Randal. He was
   staggering with weakness, his face ghastly;
   he had to lean against the door frame to
   support himself. Astonishment and rage
   contorted his pale features at the sight of
   the letters in Diantha’s hand. Then, with
   10 A

 a glance at Randal, came malicious pleasure.
 He chuckled hatefully.

“ Whose letters?” repeated Randal.

Diantha turned sick at heart. But it was
not of herself she was thinking. Sutliffe
would now, she supposed, seeing that the
game was up, tell Randal out of pure devil-
ishness. However, Sutliffe remained silent,
enjoying the scene.

 “ Your letters?” cried Randal.

“ Oh, no, no, no!” exclaimed Diantha in-
voluntarily.

“ Then show them to me!” cried Randal
in a voice that grated with pain. “ I be-
lieve in you! I want to believe in you!
Good God, don’t let him stand there laugh-
ing!”

“ I have no right,” murmured Diantha
from between stiff lips. “ They axe not
mine.”

 Sutliffe laughed outright.

 “ That sounds like a lying excuse!” cried
 Randal, beside himself. “ This is no time
 to stand on a point of honor! Anyhow, if
 they don’t concern me, you know that I
 can keep my mouth shut.”

 “ I will not show them to you,” said Dia-
 antha.

 “ Then they are your letters! ”

“ They are not mine!”

“ You have my permission to show them
to him,” jeered Sutliffe.

“ Will you take me away from this
place?” pleaded Diantha.

“No!” cried Randal. “Not till you
show me those letters!”

“ Then I must go by myself.”

She moved toward the hall door. Ran-
dal, with a rush, gained it before her.

“ You shall not go until you have shown
me!” he cried.

Diantha was no tame woman. Her breast
burned with indignation at the injustice of
his suspicion. She was sorely tempted to
show him the letters. How it would crush
him! How sweet it would be to bring him
to her feet begging for forgiveness. But a
thought of the colonel restrained her. It
would not be according to the colonel’s idea
of playing the game.

“ Let me pass!” she said. “ What right
have you—”

“ Right!” he cried wildly. “ 1 believed
786

ARGOSY -ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

in you through thick and thin! I loved
you. I fought for you. I knocked him
out. Oh, God, only to have him give me
the laugh! And you ask me what right!
I don't care whether I have any right or
not. I’ll make a right!”

  She thought she could subdue him. She
started firmly for the door, one hand on
her breast w'here the letters were. But she
saw that he was quite mad with rage and
pain. He meant to seize her.

   “ Would you dare to touch me?” she said,
faltering.

   “ You tr>r to get out and you’ll see!”

   “ You’re no better than he is!”

   “ I don’t care! Show me those letters!”
The situation was hopeless. She could
do no more. As Randal came toward her
with his head down, Sutliffe, enjoying the
scene from the other doorway, Diantha
turned and fled back across the room to a
side window. She flung up the sash.

  Randal reached her with a bound. He
thought she meant to throw herself out,
perhaps. He dragged her away from the
window, and pulled down the sash again.
But Diantha knew her signal would not be
missed.

   For the moment all the rage was fright-
ened out of Randal. He was imploring now.
He followed her about the room, pleading.

   “ Diantha, show me those letters! Good
God, don’t you see how you are torturing
me? What if they are your letters? I can
make allowances for ignorance—or even
folly. I could forgive you anything—or
almost anything, if only you do not tty to
hide things from me!”

   “ You have nothing to forgive!” she said
indignantly. “ I told you the letters were
not mine.”

  “ How can I believe that if you won’t
show them to me, with him laughing there?
I’m sorry for the ugly things I said. I’m
begging you now! Diantha, put me out of
my misery one way or the other! ”

This was harder for her to bear than his
rage. “ You are only tormenting yourself,”
she said painfully. “ You have no reason.”
But he continued to follow her about and
to plead.

   In the middle of it the bell rang, followed
by an imperative knock on the door.

   “ That’s Colonel Flowerday,” said Dian-
 tha. “ Better open the door or he’ll break
 it in.”

   Randal’s face turned ugly with suspicion
 again. He ran down the hall, and opened
 the door. Diantha followed him part way.
 Sutliffe made his way to the door from the
 dining room into the hall. His expression
 suggested that he knew his jig was up,
 anyway, and intended to get what fun he
 could out of watching his enemies destroy
 themselves.

   Outside the door Colonel Flowerday was
 revealed, a couple of determined-looking
 men behind him, and several inquisitive
 hallboys looking over their shoulders.

   “ Let them all stay outside,’’ said Di-
 antha.

    At the sight of her protector, her strength
 began to fail her. She could do no more
 than waver to his supporting arm.

   The door was closed.

   At the sight of Randal the colonel had
 paled. '• Good God! What is he doing
 here?” he murmured.

   Diantha whispered to him: “ He doesn't
 know.”

   Randal saw that whisper. “ Ha, here’s
 the other one!” he cried, quite mad with
 jealousy. “ The old blackguard! Tell me,
 will you, what you are to these two men
 and I’ll go?”

   “ Tell him,” whispered Diantha to the
 colonel.

    “ As to Sutliffe,” said the colonel gravely,
 “ she came here to get some letters that he
 stole, and that he has been using to black-
 mail a lady. As to me ”—he hesitated a
 moment—“ I am her father.”

   There was a silence, broken only by the
 sound of Diantha’s suppressed sobs. Sut-
 liffe was staring at the colonel in stupefac-
 tion.

   Suddenly Randal laughed wildly, peal
 after peal.

  “Oh! Expect me to believe that?
That’s a bit too thick!” So extreme was
his anguish he could even turn to Sutliffe,
the man he had just thrashed. “ Hear that,
Sut? Rich, eh? You called me a soft-
headed fool once. By God, you were
right!”

 Colonel Flowerday caught up Diantha’s
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

787

cloak from the chest where it lay. Opening
the door, he drew her out, and closed it
behind them.

CHAPTER XXV.

CONCLUSION.

AT eleven o’clock next morning Colonel
Flowerday had himself carried to the
Renaissance chateau that had housed
the last two generations of the Guyon fam-
ily in New York. Once more he was ushered
into the intimate reception room, furnished
in the delicate old world fashion created a
century and a half ago, brought back dur-
ing the last generation, and now becoming
a little old-fashioned again.

  To him there, after the briefest space of
time, came the slender, graceful mistress of
the house almost running. In all the years
he had known her, the colonel had never
seen Nancy Guyon so nearly lose her com-
posure. Her face was as white as paper,
her eyes wild with suspense.

  “ Crispin!” she gasped. “You said you
would not come here again until—until—”

  Her breath failed her. She involuntarily
clasped her hands.

  From his pocket the colonel had taken
a packet of faded blue envelopes confined
by an elastic band. He silently handed it
over.

  She caught it to her breast without a
sound, and dropped into a chair. Her face
became even more bloodless; her head
dropped back. He thought she was about
to faint, and looked around for a bell to
summon help.

  “ No, no!” she whispered. “ Don’t bring
anybody. It’s only the relief!”

  Tears forced themselves from under her
closed eyelids, and she began to sob quietly.
He saw that the crisis had passed. It
seemed to him that the kindest thing was to
wait in silence until she had regained her
control.

  Finally she began to speak in a low voice
checked by sobs. “ Crispin—nobody knows
what I have suffered. For five years I have
not known a really happy moment, nor a
quiet night of sleep—I cannot believe all
at once that the nightmare is over—”

  He was standing beside her chair, bending
down to catch her broken words. Suddenly
she caught up his hand and pressed it to her
lips.

  He snatched it away, a little scandalized.
“ Oh, Nancy, you mustn't! Not to me!
It shames me! Anyway, I have done noth-
ing. It wasn’t I who got them back for
you.”

  u It was she?” she murmured.

  “ Yes, it was my girl.”

  “ How can I ever repay her?”

   The colonel was silent; a little grim.

  Mrs. Guyon was quickly herself again.
A delicate color returned to her cheeks. She
counted the letters. Each was still con-
tained in its opened envelope.

  “ Ten! Yes, they’re all here!” She re-
garded them with an extraordinary sadness.
“ Poor, innocent little letters to have caused
so much unhappiness! Written out of the
purest feelings of my heart!”

  She took off the rubber band, and taking
the top letter in her hands, let the others
fall in her lap. She started to tear the
letter across, but the tough paper resisted
her. Something caused her to look up in
the colonel’s face. It was drawn and har-
assed; not at all the face of a man who
had just successfully accomplished a diffi-
cult task. His expression caused her to ask
involuntarily:

  “ Don’t you think they ought to be de-
stroyed?”

  “ I suppose so,” he said.

  “ Crispin, has anything serious hap-
pened?”

   “ That’s all in the point of view.”

  “Tell me.”

  He drew a chair close to hers, and sitting,
began to speak rapidly.

  She only interrupted him once. “ Randal
there!” she cried. “ How did that happen?”
“ He’s in love with my girl,” muttered
the colonel, pulling his mustache.

  “ Yes, I know,” murmured Nancy very
low. “Poor lad!”

  “ He must have been watching her, fol-
lowing her,” the colonel went on. “ He
forced his way into Sutliffe’s rooms with
some idea of saving her, I suppose.”

  “Go on, go on!” she whispered breath-
lessly.
788

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

   At the conclusion of his tale she exclaimed
aloud in astonishment: “Your daughter,
Crispin! Your daughter! ”

   “ But I’ve been telling you right along it
was my girl.”

   Nancy turned her head.

   “ I—I understood it differently,” she
stammered.

   “ Y'ou knew I had been married,” he said.
“ Yes, I heard something—years ago.
Never any details. I supposed she was
dead.”

   “ She is dead.”

   “ I never heard of a child.”

   “ Nothing strange in that,” he said. “ I
had forgotten her myself.”

   “ Forgotten her!” exclaimed Nancy.

   “ I must tell you the whole story now.
Twenty years ago I was still an engineer.
It was before I had been drawn into the
bigger game. I was sent with a staff to sur-
vey certain anthracite prospects along the
southern border of New York State. We
wTere lodged in a village called Farrowdale.
A storybook village; green-clad hills, and
rich farms in the bottoms. But we found it
slow in our hours of ease. Out of sheer
boredom we went to church. It was in
church that I first saw Mary Lore—pray-
ing.”

   He cleared his husky voice and went on:
“ I fell in love at sight. We all did.
We got introduced through the parson.
There was hard feeling among the fellows.
I beat them all out. I was the most experi-
enced. And Mary—I carried her off her
feet. She had never seen anybody like me.”
“ What was she like?” whispered Nancy.
“ Can’t go into details,” he muttered.
“ You’ll have me blubbering presently. My
girl is a little like her. Sometimes I forget
and think she is Mary. But she has a bold-
er, a more vivid spirit. Mary was shy, re-
ticent. I called her—Bluebell. Her hair
was pale gold—like corn silk. We were
married after a fortnight’s courtship.

   “ For a few- months we were angelically
happy. Then the prospects of anthracite
around Farrowdale petered out, and my job
there was done. It was then that I received
an offer to develop the coal mines belonging
to the Crown of Westphalia. It seemed best
to leave my tender Mary at home until I

saw what there was in it. So I went abroad
alone.

   “ Months passed. Our baby was bom.
 My job turned out to be the great oppor-
 tunity of my life, and I could not leave it.
 And Mary could not travel with a young
 baby. How can I tell you what was hap-
 pening in my absence? One of the young
 engineers on my former staff had returned to
 Farrowdale, and was making love to my
 wife. Oh, he was clever! Concealed his
 hand; laid a regular patient siege: told her
 lies about me.

   “ When I got back to America the mis-
 chief was done. Never mind the details.
 It nearly broke my heart. But never for a
 moment have I blamed Mary. It was her
 innocent ignorance, her softness of heart
 that betrayed her. What chance had a sim-
 ple country girl against an accomplished
 villain like that?

   “ I allowed her to divorce me, and she
 married him. To do him credit he was
 madly in love with her. I laid no claim to
 the baby, because I thought a child’s proper
 place was with her mother. I never even
 saw the baby. I w’ent back to Europe, and
 was quickly drawn into great affairs. I
 never heard of them again.

   “ What happened was that Mary died
 within a short time of her second marriage,
 and her husband disappeared. The baby
 was left to the care of Agnes Lore, Mary’s
 sister, who carried the child away to a place
 where her unhappy story was not known,
 and gave her her mother’s family name—
 Lore. But this I did not know.

    “ I heard nothing of them until the after-
 noon of that day that I last saw you here.
 On my return home I was greeted in my
 own drawing-room by this charming girl,
 who said: ‘ I am Diantha Lore. I think per-
 haps my right name is Diantha Flowerday.’

    “ I leave you to imagine what my feelings
 were. I am older now. And my heart is
 softer.

“ She was not sure, you see, that she was
my daughter. Her aunt, a bitter, proud wo-
man, never told her the facts of her birth.
The death of her aunt left her alone in the
world, and she had returned to Farrowdale,
hoping to find friends or relatives. There
she had heard a garbled version of her
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

789

mother’s story, and she came to me for the
truth. At first I concealed the truth from
her. I wanted to test her. But she soon
showed me she was as clever and good as
she was beautiful.’’

   “ But, Crispin,” said Mrs. Guyon in dis-
tress. “ Oh, I know it’s not for me to ask it,
but I must ask it! How could you put your
own daughter in such a position?”

   He pulled his mustache. “ I thought that
would be self-evident after I told you my
story. I’ve seen a lot of Mfe in the last
tw-enty years, a lot of the seamy side. Not
alone my own unhappiness, but yours, too,
and scores of other cases have taught me
that half the tragedies of life are due to
those very qualities that we so carefully cul-
tivate in our girls. I mean their ignorance
of evil, their lovely innocence, their tender-
ness—”

  “ Ah, that’s true!” murmured Mrs.
Guyon.

  “ Well, the minute I laid eyes on that
girl of mine, so beautiful, so clear-eyed, so
confiding, I swore I would arm her against
evil with every weapon I possessed. I took
her completely into my confidence. I al-
lowed her to share my lile. Took her every-
where. Showed her everything.

   “ I concealed her relation to me so that
she would not be treated with any false re-
spect. It happened that with her clever-
ness and charm she made an ideal instru-
ment to carry out the business I had in
hand. She undertook it with enthusiasm.
I need hardly tell you that I took care to
protect her from any real danger.”

   There was a silence in the little room.
Finally Mrs. Guyon asked very low: “ Is
she—is she in love with my boy?”

  The colonel jumped up with a gesture
of distress and perplexity.

  “ I don’t know!” he cried. “ At first I
suspected she was, confound him! But I
can get nothing out of her now. She has
shut herself up. Turned hard as stone. I
don’t know what to do!”

  Mrs. Guyon thought first of her own
child.

  “ Good Heavens!” she cried. “ How he
must have suffered this night! And I don’t
know where he is! First, I must find him.
Then I’ll know what to do!”

  An hour later Colonel Flowerday brought
Mrs. Guyon to his own house. Afraid of
betraying too much in his face, he dared not
himself announce her to Diantha, but sent
Gumpel to tell Diantha that a lady wished
to see her who had not given any name.

  Diantha answered quickly: “ I can’t see
her. I can’t see any one.”

  Gumpel would not take that for an an-
swer.

  “ Excuse me, miss. If it’s not a liberty,
I think you ought to see this one.”

  “ Why?”

  “ She’s a lady. When you’re sure, you’re
sure.”

  Diantha’s instincts were alarmed. She
feared—she didn’t know wThat, but some-
thing that threatened the peace of mind she
was struggling to achieve.

  “ No,” she said. “ I don’t doubt she’s
what you say, but I can’t see strangers.
If she wants a subscription or something,
let her write to me.”

   “ Might be just a friendly call,” suggested
Gumpel.

  “ Why doesn’t she send up her name,
then?”

  “ Can’t say, miss. If I should be mis-
taken in her, I’ll be right there in the hall
to show her out.”

  “ No! ” cried Diantha, becoming exasper-
ated. “ What makes you so persistent,
Gumpel?”

  “ I don’t know, miss,” he said slyly. “ I
have, as they say, a hunch that you ought
to see this lady.”

  At the unexpected answer Diantha’s
drawn face relaxed. Then she could no
longer hold out. “ All right,” she said. “ I’ll
go down.”

  In the Henri IV room Diantha found a
pretty woman with an exquisite air such as
it takes at least three generations to pro-
duce. She wras agitated, yet she came to-
ward Diantha in a wray as direct and frank
as Diantha’s own.

  “ So this is what you’re like?” she said
breathlessly. “ They have not overrated
you.”

   Diantha’s eye fell under her terrible scru-
tiny—though there was nothing unkind
in it.

  “ I am Mrs. Guyon,” she said.
790

ARGOSY -ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

  Her apparent youth had put Diantha off
her guard. The girl started, and a painful
blush mantled her face.

  Nancy thought sadly. t: Ah, she does
love him! ”

  The mother experienced both jealousy
and tenderness.

  “ Don’t try to thank me,” said Diantha
painfully.

   “ I’m not going to try,” said Nancy sim-
ply. “ Words wouldn't convey it. If you’ll
let me be your friend, maybe time will
show.”

  “ You are very kind.”

  “ No, it’s as Randal’s mother that I
came.”

   Again the painful blush.

  “ I ”—Nancy came to a dead stop. She
spread out her hands appealingly. “ I
came—it is difficult, isn’t it? Randal has
been talking to me about you for weeks.
But of course I hadn’t seen you then. I
didn’t know—” She made a fresh start.
“ He’s in love with you,” she said simply.
“ You know that, I expect.”

  Diantha lowered her head.

   “ And you’re in love with him. I think.”
“ What makes you say that?” Diantha
asked sharply. “ Did he tell you?”

  “ He did not. He doesn’t know it, poor
dear. But I am a woman like yourself.
I have eyes. Why shouldn’t you love him?
He is very lovable.”

  “ Don’t you see how it hurts to have
anybody guess it?” murmured Diantha.

  This was so like Randal’s own cry that
Nancy’s heart was deeply touched. She
lowered her eyes.

  “ Oh, I know! You may be sure I shan’t
tell him.”

  “ You are doing this out of gratitude,”
murmured Diantha painfully. “ You will
be sorry for it later. There can be nothing
between me and—and your son.”

  Nancy interrupted her sharply. “ Grati-
tude! Do you think I could sacrifice him,
however grateful I might be? I’m doing
it for his sake. He’ll be here directly.”

  “ Coming here!” gasped Diantha.

  “ I haven’t seen him,” said Nancy. “ I
just telephoned Mr. Oddie to bring him.
He doesn’t know I’m here. You'll see him.
won't you?”

 '■ No, no! said Diantha. “No good
 could come of it. I can make no explana-
 tions.”

  “ No. but I can,’’ said Mrs. Guyon mean-
  ingly.

  Diantha looked at her in a sort of horror.

  “ You mustn’t!” she cried. “ I couldn’t
  let you!”

 “ He’s on the way. I can't stop him
 now.”

  “ Colonel Flowerday must speak to you,”
  said Diantha «agitatedly. “ You must not
  be allowed to do this thing!”

  She rang for a servant.

 “ I’m doing it for Randal,” persisted
 Nancy.

 A footman entered.

  “ Ask Colonel Flowerday if he will please
  come here,’’ said Diantha.

 The man went out.

  “ It is useless to try to stop me.’’ said
  Nancy. “ My mind is made up—Diantha! ”

  She held out her arms. Before she well
  knew what was happening Diantha found
  herself imprisoned within them.

 “ Oh, my dear,” whispered Nancy, if
 you make him happy I shall love you for-
 ever! He has a terrible capacity for hap-
 piness, my poor lad—or for misery!”

 “ You frighten me,” murmured Diantha.
 “ All I can do is love him! ”

  “ That's all he wants,” said Nancy.

 The colonel found them in each other's
 arms. He looked out of the window and
 pulled his mustache.

 The footman reentered to announce Mr.
 Guyon. Diantha and Nancy sprang apart,
 each seeking desperately to remove the
 traces of tears. Randal came into the room
 almost on the servant’s heels. He looked
 haggard and reckless. He stopped dead,
 and looked blankly from one to another of
 the three persons in the room.

 “Mother!” he cried. “What are you
 doing here?”

 “ Colonel Flowerday and I are old
 friends,” she said hurriedly.

 “Old friends?” he said, dazed. “Why
 was I never told that?”

  For the moment Nancy ignored his ques-
  tion.

 “ Colonel Flowerday has told me every-
 thing that took place last night,” she said.
A NEW GIRL IN TOWN.

791

  Randal scowled. “ Why did you have to
be dragged into this?”

  “ Because I am the person most con-
cerned, dear.”

  Both the colonel and Diantha made am
involuntary imploring gesture for her to
stop, but she waved it aside.

   “ You?” said Randal. “ This is all Greek
to me.”

  Nancy had an embroidered black velvet
bag hanging from her arm. She fumbled
nervously with the strings.

   “ Diantha got certain letters out of Sut-
liffe’s safe,” she said. “ You asked her to
show them to you, and she refused. Well,

I will show them to you now.” She had
got the bag open, and was holding out the
packet of faded blue letters.

  Randal’s look had grown more and more
amazed. “ How did you get hold of them?”
he demanded.

   “ They are my letters. That is to say, I
wrote them. Diantha was recovering them
for me.”

   He was staring at the letters as at ac-
cursed things. He made no move to touch
them.

  “ Take them,” urged Nancy.

  He finally took them in a daze, and
turned the packet over in his hands.

  She kept on unfalteringly: They were
written years ago to a man I loved. He is
dead. I am not ashamed of them. I want
you to read them.”

  At last comprehension seemed to break
on him. It was her handwriting that he
recognized.

  “Nancy! Yours!” he cried loudly.
“ Good God, what a fool I have been! ”

  He cast an extraordinary look in Dian-
tha's direction. Her head was turned away.
“ Read them!” urged Nancy.

  “ No!” he cried. “ What do you think
I am? Do you think I could doubt you?
What is it to me what letters you have writ-
ten? Mayn’t I destroy them, Nancy?”

   “ Yes, if you wish,” she said, faintly.

  He looked around instinctively for some
means of destroying them on the spot.
There was a wood fire laid in the antique
fireplace, but it was not lighted.

  “ Can I start this going, sir?” Randal
asked the colonel.

  “ By all means! By all means! ” said the
colonel gruffly. “ The room is cold.”

  Randal dropped to his knees in front of

the fireplace and put a match to the tinder.
A little flame poked its way up through
the interstices of the logs. One by one Ran-
dal tore up the letters, and fed them to the
fire. The other three persons watched him
fascinated, and no one said a word.

  When at last he got up he did not turn
around right away. A horrible constraint
fell upon all four.

  It was Nancy who broke the silence. She
said nervously to the colonel: “ Won’t you
show me about your new house, Cris-
pin?”

  The colonel promptly offered her his ami.
Diantha put out a beseeching hand to stay
them, but they walked out of the room.

  When Randal turned around he stole a
glance in Diantha’s face. She seemed en-
tirely composed; indeed she had almost
a forbidding air.

  Diantha looked at him, too, but he never
guessed it; girls have that art. There was
no confidence in his bearing, he looked
frightened out of his wits. That made her
feel better, but she was unable to give him
any encouragement. She did not speak,
because she could not be offhand, and to
speak formally would have been absurd.
She sat down on a little sofa between the
two front windows. He dared not take the
seat beside her until Diantha called his at-
tention to it. His humility most sweetly
soothed her wounded pride.

  “ It was good of you to let me come
here,” he mumbled.

  “ I am glad to have you,” said Diantha.

  Exactly like amateurs in a badly re-
hearsed play.

  “ Shall we join the others upstairs?” sug-
gested Diantha.

  “ Not just yet,” stammered Randal.

  A silence fell between them, a devastat-
ing silence. Diantha looked straight ahead
of her. She was keenly aware of his im-
ploring, deep, dark eyes, but she could not
stir. In the end Nature had its way with
him. He put out his trembling hand and
touched hers. Instantly her fingers twined
warmly around his, and they were drowTied
in bliss.

THE END.
792

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

IMMORTAL FRAUDS

MASTERED MEDICINE

By CAPTAIN HORATIO WRAGGE

IN the third century before our era there dwelt at Athens a gifted and exquisite girl with an
insatiable thirst for knowledge. Her parents were poor and she found it necessary to earn a
precarious livelihood by combing the tresses of the wives of successful rhetoricians. In due time
she accumulated a competence from the proceeds of which she hoped to be able to pay for
instruction in the sciences. Medicine was the specialty to which she was peculiarly attracted. Her
name was Agnodice.

     The only instructor to whom it occurred to Agnodice to resort was Hierophilus, one of the
most brilliant of the physicians of antiquity. His lectures on the science of medicine were
thronged daily not only by Athenian youths who longed to become doctors but by individuals
from Persia, Syracuse and even the remote peninsula of Sirmio. The students of Hierophilus
were renowned as far as the pillars of Hercules for the skill with which they checked fevers,
and of the master himself it was affirmed that he could bring the hopeless invalid leaping with
joy from a sickbed to the theatre.

     Agnodice accordingly enrolled herself among the pupils of Hierophilus, but that renowned
healer threw up his hands in horror and amazement at the mere suggestion that a female
be permitted to study so severe a science as that of medicine. He assured the weeping Agnodice
that he had never heard of such a thing in his life. It seemed to him inconsistent with the
delicacy of her sex. He suddenly remembered an ancient law, passed some hundred and fifty
years previously, in which the practice of medicine by a woman was denounced as impious.

     The entreaties of Agnodice and her reminders that the statute in question was obsolete had no
effect upon the master of the art of medicine at Athens. In tears at her rebuff, Agnodice withdrew
to the home of the wife of a rhetorician, who listened with indignation to her version of the
morning’s event.

     “ If I were you,” she said, “ I would dress myself in man’s clothes and attend the lectures
under a man’s name.”

    Agnodice objected that she did not know how to walk like a man or how to compete with
the men students of Hierophilus in their rougher sports. Now and then they came to blows
at the lectures when they could not agree with their preceptor regarding the value of this or
that feature of his therapy. The wife of the rhetorician undertook to school Agnodice in such
practices, for she had long been married and often came to blows with her husband. Profiting by
such instruction, the eager Agnodice soon learned to deport herself in all respects like a young
man and to use the fashionable oaths of the city in a strong voice.

     She presented herself in due time at the lectures, having previously inscribed herself under
a fictitious name, and speedily absorbed all the knowledge of the master. Hierophilus himself
was edified by her progress and as she had given herself out as a Persian in exile because of the
civil wars then distracting the realm of the great king, certain inconsistencies of accent and of
demeanor were readily accounted for. Agnodice, licensed to heal, set herself up in Athens
as a physician, making a specialty of midwifery.

     Her skill became obvious from the first and the wife of the rhetorician who had befriended
her kept her secret so well that nobody suspected it. Agnodice built up a splendid practice
among all classes of society, and in due time she had many of the gilded youth of the city
among her patients. Her midwifery, moreover, was so skilled that not one woman attended by
Agnodice ever died in childbed.

    The other physicians of the city now began to feel jealous of the young doctor. They
were displeased with her popularity among the young women of Athens, who found her
ministrations as soothing as they were efficient. The daughter of a great landed proprietor confessed
that in gratitude for her delivery from a fever, she had kissed her physician. There was an uproar
among the medical faculty at this development and the confused Agnodice found herself on trial
in public before the courts on a charge that she was corrupting the morals of her patients.
Various young women were driven to confess that they had, in the exuberance of their appreciation,
embraced this seductive healer.

    The evidence against Agnodice proved overwhelming and her judges, moved though they
were by her youth and beauty, found it impossible to bring in any verdict but guilty. Thereupon
Agnodice, with many blushes, confessed that she was masquerading in the habiliments of a male.

“ I am woman!” she cried amid the wildest uproar.

    The jealous physicians who had instigated the prosecution now resurrected the ancient
law which forbade any member of Agnodice’s sex from practicing the profession of medicine
There was every prospect that she would be condemned to death, but the wife of the rhetorician
who had suggested the imposture in the beginning now organized a revolt among the women
of Athens. The mothers who owed their delivery from the pangs of labor to the skill of Agnodice
came forward with tears to entreat that the life of their physician be spared, and amid a tumult
of enthusiasm the obnoxious law was abolished.
By HAMILTON CRAIGIE

HANSON, headquarters detective,
dived through the entrance to the
department store, catapulting like
a bombshell the length of the long aisle, to
the scandal and confusion of the mid-after-
noon shoppers. Just ahead, in the swirl and
eddy of the crowd, a lithe figure wove in and
out with the practiced ease of a football
player going through a broken field. A mo-
ment he showed against the sunlight pour-
ing through the opposite entrance—then he
was gone, into the teeming street.

   But the plainclothesman was not far be-
hind. Even as his quarry erupted into the
thoroughfare the detective’s hand, reach-
ing, made a darting thrust—it closed on
empty air, however, with a last swerving
dodge of the tall figure in the tan overcoat.

   Again Vanishing Vardaman had made his
get-away, melting into the hurrying throng.
His flying coat tails whipped around the
corner as Hanson, his hands balling into
fists, made after with what speed he might.

   It had not been the first time that the no-
torious “dip” and “strong-arm” had

evaded him, and at the very moment, as it
seemed, of victory for the hound of the
law. For Vanishing Vardaman had got
his name for the same reason that had made
him a thorn in the side of the department
for a longer time than Hanson, for example,
cared to think of. And the man had seemed
to take an especial delight in setting the
dogs of the police by the ears—with him it
might have been a game, and a sporting one
had it not been that the stakes were a little
heavier than in any mere contest of speed
and wit.

   But so far Vardaman had pitted his sin-
gle wits against the resources of the entire
police force of a great city—and so far,
turning and doubling like a fox, he had won
clear.

   But this time Hanson swore there would
be a different ending. He made after the
fugitive now with a dogged determination.

   Vardaman never affected any disguises;
rather, he seemed to delight in a distinctive
dress which, if anything, rendered him more
conspicuously noticeable. That tan coat—

791
794

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

Hanson could see it even now—or he
thought that he could. And then, abruptly,
not ten paces in advance, he saw it again,
swaying to the lift and drive of the power-
ful shoulders, almost within arm’s reach;
the tan coat and the shapeless soft hat of
Vanishing Vardaman.

  A leap—and the detective’s blunt fingers
had closed upon his quarry’s wrist in a grip
of iron.

  “ Now — Mr. Vanishing Vardaman —
guess we'll take a little walk—” he was be-
ginning when, abruptly, at the face which
he beheld, his mouth fell open in amaze.
Mumbling an apology, he backed off, his
face crimson in his chagrin.

  For the face that he had seen was not
Vanishing Vardaman’s—it was that of a
total stranger.

  Again his quarry had eluded him. Some-
where now, doubtless, safe in that haven
which the department had never been able
to discover, the vanishing one sat and
gloated.

   Hanson, raging, swung off at right angles
to his course. He was now in a residential
section—the street drowsed in the hot after-
noon sun, peaceful, silent, empty. Head
down, the plainclothesman went onward,
wearily, and with dragging step. He was
tired. And it was the way he always felt
following his numerous encounters with this
fox without wings.

  Disgustedly he trudged onward. The
sun was burning hot: the asphalt under-
foot seemed of the consistency of molten
lava; life was, after all, just a mocking,
ironic jest at the expense of him, Detective
Hanson, and the jester who mocked was
that sleek, slim, debonair adventurer known
as Vanishing Vardaman!

   And then, in a second, in a flash of time
the plainclothesman’s weariness vanished
even as had the figure of the fugitive back
there on the crowded avenue. Plunging for-
ward at a pounding run, Hanson, his chagrin
forgotten in the sudden, abrupt need for
action, went forward at the double-quick.

   For there, sauntering idly along the tree-
shaded thoroughfare was—Vanishing Vard-
aman, tan coat, soft hat, gardenia in the
buttonhole of the coat—and this time there
could be no mistake.

   Even as he sprang forward the detective
had seen that hawklike countenance, like a
falcon, a bird of prey—it was surely he.
At last! In a moment now they would have
him where he would be secure.

  Vardaman had heard nothing, suspected
nothing, as it seemed. On the hot asphalt
the detective’s rubber-soled shoes made no
sound. Curiously enough, it had never once
occurred to him to pull his gun; perhaps,
so strong was his desire to lay hands upon
the will-o’-the-wisp, he had never intended
using it. Vardaman, perhaps a half block
in advance, was swinging along with a loose,
easy stride, all unconscious, as it appeared,
of the Nemesis at his back. And now, just
in front of him a wagon loomed—it was
backed sidewise across the walk.

  Vardaman passed that wagon; Hanson
saw him pass it a matter of seconds before
he, too, rounded it. It was a‘huge motor
truck: sidewise, it effectually blocked pas-
sage save by the street.

  Hanson skirted it in full career; and
then—he stopped dead, his expression a cur-
ious mixture of amaze, chagrin, and sheer,
stolid stupefaction.

  For Vardaman had vanished!

  The street stretched bare and empty
under the declining sun. There was no sign
of Vardaman anywhere; he had disappeared
as utterly as if he had been snatched up
into a Fourth Dimension ready to hand.

  The plainclothesman stared, blinking
owlishly in the strong sunlight. Then he
glanced downward at the coal hole, but the
lid was on—it was shut tight. He turned
to two grimy men, appearing suddenly
around the end of the truck; for a moment
Hanson entertained the impossible suspicion
that one of them might be the man whom he
sought.

   But the fugitive, even supposing that he
knew that he was being followed, would
scarcely have had time to make the light-
ning shift from debonair pedestrian to
black-faced coal heaver.

   Hanson shrugged, turning to the men with
a brief:

   “ Seen anything of a tall man—light tan
overcoat—flower in his buttonhole—soft
hat? He passed by here just a moment
ago.”
VANISHING VARDAMAN.

795

  The men stared; then, as with one voice:

  “ We ain’t seen nobody, mister,” they
told him. “ We've been here the best part
of two hours, and we’ve put in a couple
tons—no, mister, if anybody had passed
we’d have seen him, certain sure.”

  Hanson contrived a grimace that was
meant to be a smile. Plainly, what they
thought of him had not been expressed in
words. He scowled—then, at a dragging
walk, went onward along the street. Van-
ishing Vardaman had once more made good
his sobriquet—the fox had won.

H.

  All was quiet in the great house on the
comer, dreaming in the late afternoon sun.
And in the dimness belowstairs there was a
thick, velvety darkness—dark as soot—
musty, one might have said, save for a faint,
acrid tang rising out of the depths.

  Abruptly the silence of the great cellar
was broken by a prodigious sneeze; there
came a muffled curse—then the bright beam
of a flashlight danced, glimmering, upon
floor and wall.

  A shapeless figure showed as a dim blot
of darker shadow behind the circle of the
flash: then, fumbling at the wall switch, that
acrid coal dust caught him once again,
and once more there came that mighty
sneeze, shaking the rafters overhead, as it
seemed to the prowler there in the cellar.

  Vanishing Vardaman waited a tense mo-
ment, hand over his nostrils, but no sound
answered him to tell him that he was dis-
covered. In the split second that he had
circled that coal truck there, before him,
had yawned that open coal hole. And for
the split second that he was invisible to
Hanson and to the two who labored upon
the other side of the truck, he had made
his exit, preceding the clamping of that lid
by a margin so close that even now he could
hear the clanging rattle of its closing just
above his head.

  At the moment that he had circled the
truck he had known that the plainclothes-
man was behind him, and his decision had
been taken almost without conscious
thought. But—he was safe. Hanson had
gone on—of that he was now convinced.

But that light switch had not answered to
the pressure of his finger—that might have
told him something, clever as he was, but
he was thinking merely that it was for-
tunate that his flashlight had not been
broken in his somewhat unconventionally
hasty ingress.

  He had waited a moment, listening with
all his ears. Then he had heard the pur-
ring of the motor; the coal shovelers were
going. They had clamped on that lid—on
him, Vanishing Vardaman—that was a
noble jest, indeed! For the prison was not
made that would hold him, because—they
would never get him into it!

  The family were probably upstairs at
dinner. It would be an easy matter for
Vardaman to make his get-away, if he so
desired, but the house was a large one;
there were, in all probability, excellent pick-
ings to be had abovestairs; he would collect
his tribute on the way out, and no one ever
the wiser.

  But as he went forward now into the vel-
vet black, he was recalling that hectic mo-
ment as he had rounded the motor truck.
For a breathless half second it had been
touch and go—and he had stood not upon
the order of his going.

  The house was a large one; that much
he had noticed, casually, as he had
come round the comer—but there was
a something else: there had been a some-
thing about that house that he had sensed
rather than seen—but at the moment he was
unable to recall it; if he had but known
it it was connected with the failure of that
light switch. But this faded presently with
his discovery of something else.

  For a little time now he had been aware
of a silence—it pounded in his ears with
the tension of his hard-held breath, as slow-
ly, carefully, his flashlight held gingerly be-
fore him, he began to mount a long stairway
that seemed to run upward interminably
into an even deeper gloom.

  Characteristically he walked on that side
of the stair nearest the wall as a precaution
against possible disclosure; but it was a
wasted precaution, if he had but known it;
those stairs were solid, like iron; they gave
forth no sound to the pressure of his careful
footfall. And even if they had, the sound
796

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

would scarcely have been heard, even in
that singing silence.

   The flash steadied, centered upon a door;
it gave outward silently to his slow, stealthy
pressure, as, like a great cat, he stepped
through the opening, to find himself in a
sort of closet.

  Carefully he opened another door, the
flashlight’s beam falling upon bright copper
and shiny nickel; he was in the kitchen.

  But the room was dark and silent. Lis-
tening with all his ears he heard merely
the sound of his own breathing, loud in the
stillness—then, after a moment, came the
clang and rattle of a motor from the street
without, as through many thicknesses of
walls.

  But if that silence was odd the darkness
was out of place. The sun yet lacked a
half hour of its setting, and yet that kitchen
was dark, almost with a midnight darkness.
And the silence held.

  Vardaman, abating somewhat his caution,
passed with his swift, silent step into a
room, lofty-ceilinged—the dining room—
but there was no one there.

  Vardaman grinned in the darkness with a
silent chuckle. This was indeed better than
he had hoped. For the house was empty—
tenantless, rather; the failure of the light
switch might have told him that. Well,
there was plenty of time for his inspection.
And he would leave nothing of value that he
could take away with him. Soon it would
be night, and to leave that house unseen
would be an easy matter—for Vanishing
Vardaman.

  The house was an old-fashioned one on
an old-fashioned street. He doubted that
it had been wired for burglary, but moving
with an inbred caution, he found the wire
after a little, ripped it out with a twist of
his powerful pincers, the while humming a
little tune.

  Why, it would be too easy. Mounting
the stairs to the second floor, he found that
which he sought: an old-fashioned escri-
toire—just the sort of thing one would ex-
pect to come upon in an old-fashioned
house, tenanted by old-fashioned folk who
had an inbred dislike for such new-fangled
inventions as safe-deposit boxes.

  And there were jewels In it—not many—

but the intruder’s eyes bulged as he swept
them up and into his pocket. He need go
no further. Literally, Vanishing Vardaman
had fallen down a coat hole and come up
wearing diamonds!

   Still humming that wordless melody, he
passed down the stair, and outward to the
front door.

   It was night now, and he might as well
be going. And then, after some little diffi-
culty, unlocking and swinging wide the
heavy double doors, he recoiled, stepping
backwTard with a startled oath.

   For that front door was boarded up!

   Vardaman knew that it would be useless
and worse than useless to attempt an exit
through that heavy oaken barrier, locked,
as he knewr well, with a patent lock, and
from the outside. The cellar was below
the level of the street, the windows mere
oubliettes—there was no exit that way.
But the windows on the ground floor—that
should be easy.

   He tried the first, and it ran up smooth-
 ly enough under his hand, and then—he saw
 that it, too, was sealed likewise with oak—
 a barrier which, do what he would, he
 would not pass.

   An ax, yes, if he could find one, would
take him through it, but the battering crash
of it against the heavy wood—the risk
would be too great. Now, for the first time
in his chancy life, Vardaman knew panic,
or something that approached it, as, mount-
ing the stair again, here, too, he found his
wray barred by boarded windows, like blind
eyes fronting him at every turn.

   The house stood alone, its nearest neigh-
 bor a good twenty feet away. And there
 was not even a gutter pipe down which he
 might have coasted to safety, even had he
 cared to risk it. For, of an ice-cold nerve
 and of a courage second to none. Vanishing
 Vardaman could not abide the heights.
 Shaking now, he drew backward from the
 black well of the dark along that rooftop,
 whither he had come, mounting the skylight
 ladder in a final, desperate questing for the
 egress that was denied him.

   Like a fly in a bottle, a rat in a trap,
 Vanishing Vardaman was at last a prisoner.
 And—he had, literally, put his head into the
 noose.
VANISHING VARDAMAN.

797

  That coal hole had been a man trap, but
he had never known it.

  With shaking fingers he thumbed in Ms
pockets for his cigarettes, but he could not
find his case—the elaborate gold-mounted
affair that he had lifted, by the supermagic
of his facile fingers, under the very nose
of an unsuspecting clerk in a smart shop on
the avenue.

  Somewhere he had lost it, he could not
remember where, and now even the solace
of a smoke was denied him.

   Presently he fell to pacing back and forth
on the great rug by the door. The cellar
was hopeless ; there was not a window in the
house but might have been sheet steel for
all he could have won to freedom through
them.

   And the loot in his pocket—it might have
sufficed for a king’s ransom, but it would
not serve to take him an inch beyond his
prison house.

  And he had been unable to find a single
implement that would have served his pur-
pose without noise sufficient to bring down
about his ears the minions of the law.

  Now, as a caged tiger paces up an down,
Vardaman walked up and down that rug,
his brain, like a squirrel in a treadmill, go-
ing round and round and coming back again
and again to that single, hopeless answer:
he was trapped.

  Abruptly something seemed to snap in
his mind with a sort of singing crash. Hurl-
ing himself upon the door, he beat upon it
with his fists in a futile protest against

fate. Then, backing the length of the long
rug, he hurled himself forward, shoulder-
high, against the steadfast barrier.

  There came a sudden snap—the wooden
leaves swung outward, hurling him forward
upon his hands and knees. He knew it
then: some one had unlocked the door—
some one was waiting for him! In the light
of the sputtering corner arc he looked, then
looked again; heard as from dim leagues of
distance, the voice, filled with a biting sar-
casm:

  “ Well, well, Mr. Vanishing Vardaman—
welcome to our city! ”

  The hand holding the gun was thrust
almost in his face; in the other something
that glinted dully under the light: his ciga-
rette case. As in a daze he listened now
to the words of Hanson:

  “ Well, that was pretty smooth, Varda-
man—as a vanishing act it was pretty fair,
even for you—you just dropped in, ha!
And—my, my! You sure look pretty—
dirty, I’ll say so! But you left this behind
you—very careless of you! And you didn’t
notice that the house was boarded up, of
course, but I had my suspicions, and at
that I mightn’t have remembered which
house it was if it hadn’t been for—the evi-
dence. But I think we’d have salted you
without it, at that.”

  The detective’s tone became crisp, au-
thoritative.

  “ Now, Vardaman, you’ll do your last
vanishing act, and that ’11 be—up the
river!”

                      tr

 GARDEN GUESSES

CHOULD the daffodilly dally with the lily of the valley,

    Would the crocus just as loudly as he could?

 Would they rouse narcissuspicions by their reckless exhibitions
 Till the primrose up in anger, as he should?

 If the violet them do it, would the pair still later rue it?

 Would their passion flower in one ecstatic kiss?

 Would a bleeding heart be dripping while a lover false was skipping,
 Or would bridal wreath be sure to seal their bliss?

/. Lilian Vandevere.
IZZY KAPLAN’S KOLUMN

Received via W. 0. McGEEHAN

THE SPORT OF KINGS

    /UST about the time that his confidant is busiest grinding out the latest in the
    sport line for his newspaper, Izzy Kaplan is distressingly likely to strolfin and
    halt the galloping typewriter of W. O. McGeehan to impart some information
    the writer could get along without.

        Consequently, it was with a combination of uneasiness and relief that
   McGeehan realized that the paper had come off the thundering presses without
   a single interruption from Izzy. In fact, Izzy had not so much as stuck his nose
   in the sporting department.

        Just as the silent partner was heading homeward, however, a bent, drooping
    figure with dusty trouser legs appeared. It was Izzy!—but not the Izzy that
    McGeehan knew. For instead of pouring out floods of dope, the pathetic figure
    appealed only for a dollar to buy some foot powder, com plasters, and transpor-
    tation to the Bronx. It developed that Izzy had been to the race track and had
    walked back, convinced that racing was the sport of kings, but not of Kaplans.—
    The Editor.

CHUST found out how it is that so many kinks have lost it
their chobs over in Europe on account I have been inwestigat-
ing the sport of kinks, which it is race horsing. I went down
to one of the racing trecks with a newspaper feller named
Yaphank Benneh, which he is selling newspapers on
Park Row and is in business for himseluf, making
a nice living. He ain't like one of those fellers
who is writing pieces for the papers on a celery.
He is a business man.

for me to stick by him and I would be wearing
diamonds on account he never inwested no money in a racing horse unless he had it
the positive information and he got it his information right out from the feed box.

    “ Izzy,” he told me, “ look out for toots when you are down at the racing trecks,
on account they would try to give you a lot of bum steers.”

    It is a new kind of lankwitch for me on account I could only speak English, Rus-
sian and a little Yiddish. So I esked Yaphank Benneh what it was a toot.

798

  COj

Yaphank Benneh explanationed
IZZY KAPLAN'S KOLUMN.

799

     <- A toot is a feller which he would tell you to bet your money on a horse which
he ain't got a chance,” said Benneh. “ I hope you would stick close by me, Izzy.
and not let any of them fellers toot you off like they done a friend of mine who
wouldn’t listen to me, and I gave him a hundred-to-one shoot and it came in all right,
but he listened to the toot and he didn't have nothing down on it at all.”

    Then I esked him to explanation to me what it was a hundred-to-one shoot and
if a feller should carry a gun to the treck with him. Benneh explanationed that -when
you was inwesting on a hundred-and-one shot if you put ten dollars in a enwelope
the feller which he is writing the books for the
racing trecks would give you your ten dollars
beck and a thousand dollars more besides.

Of course that got me interested right away,
on account it looked like a fine inwestment for a
feller to make and I am always looking for a
good inwestment. So I told Benneh that when

they were shooting any horse for
a hundred to one he should tell
me about it quick on account 1
could make the inwestment be-
fore some other feller got in
ahead of me.

                                                Benneh is wery w’ell ac-
quainted about the treck, so he went around whispering with a lot of fellers. Every-
body is whispering and nobody would talk out loud on account maybe it would wake
up the horses. Pretty soon Benneh came to me and told it to me that a horse by the
name Annie Rooney would be a cinch in the second race on account he was talking to a
personal friend from the horse, or maybe it was the feller who owns the horse.

     “ Izzy,” he told me, “ that horse is going to walk in.”

    Right away quick I told him beck: “ Then I wouldn’t inwest my money on it,
on account I don't want no horse that would walk. I want a horse which she should
have her mind on the race and keep running, even when winning, on account you
couldn't win by too much. If you wouldn’t win it don’t metter how little you lose by.”

    Then I told Yaphank Benneh he should take ten dollars to the feller which he
is collectioning the inwestments. The feller gives him a ticket, which it reads Annie
Rooney is only twenty to one. I made a holler on account I wanted she should be a
hundred to one, but Yaphank Benneh told me that if a new beginner started in win-
ning a thousand dollars the first time he made it an inwestment the fellers which is
writing the books might get scared off and go into benkruptsy and it would be bad
for the game, which it was a fine game and the sport of the kinks.

    So, anyhow, I told him that two hundred dollars for ten was not so bad. and I
esked him how long it was going on on account if people would hear it was so easy you
wouldn’t be able to keep the customers out.

     Pretty soon there is a parade from the horses, and a feller is blowing a horn, and
800

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.

everybody is stending up and looking at them. I am hoping that everybody doesn't
know that Annie Rooney is going to win, on account somebody might do her some-
thing and spoil the race. The feller which is riding Annie Rooney is a bleck feller
with a red and green shirt, which would cost you about tweluf dollars even you got it

wholesale in Grand Street.

     Somebody said: “ They’re off,” and the horses started to move away, all except-
ing one of them. I was looking at them to see where it was Annie Rooney, but none

of the fellers was wearing red and green. Then I looked beck, and Annie Rooney
ain't started yet. I am thinking maybe that she didn’t hear the signals on account
maybe she had trouble with her ears and that they would tell the other fellers to
come beck so that Annie Rooney would get another chance to commence starting.

    But the horses kept moving along, and everybody is hollering and nobody is
paying no attention to Annie Rooney. When she commences to start she is moving
wery slow, like she ain’t got no interest in the race at all, and I didn’t think the feller
which he was riding her knew that I had my ten dollars inwested. Maybe Yaphank
Benneh forgot to mention it to him.

     I don’t know what it is the name of the horse which it wins the race, but his
number is Number Ten. Nobody could pronounce the names which they are nam-
ing those horses with, anyhow. The names is stranger than the names they got for
Mr. Pullmanstein’s sleeping cars which has got the upstairs and downstairs apart-
ments about the same size as the apartments which they are renting them in the
Bronix for fifty dollars a month, and you got to sign it a lease that you will sleep in
them for two years.

    When the other horses came in I esked Yaphank Benneh: “ What is the metter,
did something delay Annie Rooney in the race?”

     “ She was left at the post,” Benneh says. “ Otherwise she would walk in.”
“Ain’t there a lot of carelessness around the racing treck,” I esked him, “that
they should leave a horse by the post when a feller has his money inwested? What
kind of a business is it where they would forget to take a horse away from the post
when it is important?”

     “ Izzy,” Benneh told me, “ it happens some time to the best of them.”

     Right away I got it a fine ideer. But I didn’t told it to Yaphank Benneh on
account ideers is worth money if you would take them to the right people, and I am
taking this ideer to the feller which owns it the racing treck. The ideer is this:
They shouldn't have no more posts, and then the horses wouldn’t be left by them.

    I told Benneh that I wouldn’t inwest no more money unless he would get the
feller which was riding the horse to tie a string around his finger so that he wouldn't
forget and leave his horse by the post. Then Benneh got sore and told me I was a
piker and that I never appreciationed all the good things he was getting for me, and

I	told him right beck that Chon D. Rockerstein himseluf didn't have enough benk
roll to stand the good things which Benneh was getting, and also I said his informa-
tion was bum even he did get it from the feed box. So one word led to another till
finally he poked me in the eye so that I am suing him for demeges, also to get beck
the inwestment which he was swindling me out from.

     It is my opinion Yaphank Benneh is a toot and was tooting me all the time.

Next week Izzy Kaplan will comment upon THE PRICE OF A PASS.

                                                             10 A
ARGOSY ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Can You Guess
This Man’s Age?

Se« II You Can Tell Within 25 Years;

The Author Couldn’t; But He Stuck
With Hobart Bradstreet Until He Re-
vealed His Method of Staying Young
•By WILLIAM R. DURG1N

I USED to pride myself on guessing people's ages.
That was beiore 1 met Hobart Bradstreet. whose
age I missed by a quarter-century. But before I
tell you how old be really is, let me say tins:

  My uicctiug-up with Bradstreet I count the luckiest
(lay of my life, for while we often hear how our
minds and bodies are about 50% efficient—and at
times feel it to be the truth—he knows zi/iy. Further-
more, he knows how to overcome it—in five minutes—
and he showed me how.

  This man offers no such bromides as setting-up
exercises, deep-breathing, or any of those things you
know at the outset you'll never do. He uses a prin-
ciple that is the foundation of all chiropractic, naprap-
athy, mechano-therapy. and even osteopathy. Only
he does not touch a hand to you; it isn't necessary.

  The reader will grant Hradstreet’s method of staying
young worth knowing and using, when told that its
originator (whose photograph reproduced here was
taken a mouth ago) is sixty-live years old!

  And here is the secret: Me keeps his spine a half-
inch longer than it ordinarily zcould measure.

  Any matt or woman who thinks just one-half inch
elongation of the spinal column doesn't make a differ-
ence shi uld try it! It is easy enough. I'll tell you
how. First, though, you may be curious to learn
why a full-length spine puts one in an entirely new
class physically. The spinal column is a series of
tiny bones, between which are pads or cushions of
cartilage. Nothing in the ordinary activities of us
humans stretches the spine. So it “settles” day by
day, until those once soft and resilient pads become
thin as a safety-raior blade—and just about as hard.
One’s spine (the most wonderfully designed shock-
absorber known) is then an unyielding column that
transmits every shock straight to the base of the brain.

  Do you wonder folks have backaches and headaches?
That one’s nerves pound toward the end of a hard
day? Or that a nervous system may periodically go
to pieces? For every nerve in ones body_ connects
with the spine, which is a sort of central switchboard.

KnrnliHnn ” rif	anti

 ana tcerc is iruuuic uu me nut.

 Now, for proof that sublaxation of the spine causes
 :>st of the ills and ailments which spell “age” in

When the" “insulation,” or cartilage, wears-down and
fiattens-out, the nerves are exposed, or even impinged
—and there is trouble on the line.

  Now,

most .— .— --------------- .	...

men or women. Flex your spine—“shake it out —
and they will disappear. You*11 feel the difference in
ten minutes. At least, I did. It’s no trick to secure
complete spinal laxation as Bradstreet does it. But
like everything else, one must know how. No amount
of violent exercise will do it; not even chopping wood.

As for walking, or golring, your spine settles, down
a hit firmer with each step.

  Mr. Bradstreet has evolved from his 25-year experi-
ence with spinal mechanics a simple, boiled-down for-
mula of just five movements. Neither takes more than
one minute, so it means but five minutes a day. But
those movements! I never experienced such compound
exhilaration before. I was a good subject for the
test, for I went into it with a dull headache. At the
end of the sccond movement I thought I could actually
feel my blood circulating. The third movement in this
remarkable Spive-Motioh series brought an amazing
feeling of exhilaration. One motion seemed to open
and shut my backbone like a jack-knife.

  I asked about constipation. He gave me another
motion—a peculiar, writhing and twisting movement—
and fifteen minutes later came a complete evacuation!

  Hobart Bradstreet frankly gives the full credit for
bis conspicuous success to these simple secrets of
Spixe-Motiov. He has traveled about for years, con-
ditioning those whose means permitted a specialitt at
their beck and call.# I met him at the Roycroft Inn, at
Ea«t Aurora. Incidentally, the late Elbert Hubbard
and be were great pals; be was often the “FraV* Address..

HOBART BRADSTREET. THE MAN WHO DECLINES TO GBOW OLD

guest in times past. But Bradstreet, young as he looks
and feels, thinks he has chased around the country
long enough. He has been prevailed upon to put his
Spixe-Motion- method in form that makes it now
generally available.

   I know vliat these remarkable mechanics of the
spine have done for me. I have checked up at least
twenty-live other cases. With all sincerity I say noth-
ing in the whole realm of medicine or specialism can
quicker re-muke, rejuvenate and restore one. I wish
vou could see Bradstreet himself. He is arrogantly
healthy; he doesn’t seem to have any nerves. Yet
he puffs incessantly at a black cigar that would floor
some men, drinks two cups of coffee at every meal,
and I don’t believe he averages seven hours sleep.
It shows what a sound nerve-mechanism will do. He
says a man s power can and should be unabated tip to
the age of 60, in every sense, and I have had some
astonishing testimony on that score.

^ Would you like to try this remarkable method of
‘‘coming back?” Or, if young, and apparently normal
in your action and feelings, do you want to see your
energies just about doubled? It is easy. No "“ap-
paratus’* is required. Just Bradstreet's few, simple
instructions, made doubly clear by his photographic
poses of the five positions. Results come amazingly
quick. In less than a week vou‘11 have new health,
new appetite, new desire, and new capacities; you’ll
feel years lifted off mind and body. This miracle-
man’s method can he tested without risk. If you feel
enormously benefited, everything is yours to keep and
vou have paid for it all the enormous sum of $3.00!
Knowing something of the fees this man has been
accustomed to receiving, I hope his naming $3.00 to
the general public will have full appreciation.

The $3.00 which pays for everything is not sent in
advance unless you prefer. Just pay the postman who
brings it. Requests will be answered in turn. Try
how it feels to have a full-length spine, and you’ll
henceforth pity men and women whose nerves are in
a vise!

HOBART BRADSTREET,"SuiTT 414^ — — -
630 S. Wabash Ave., Chicago, III.

I will try your Spike-Motton wnthout risk if you
will provide necessary instruction. I will pay postman
iust $3.00 for everything, on arrival. Tbis deposit to
be returned in full if I send back the material in
5 days.

Kattu'__________________________________________

 In an«tceti*»0 tki$ advertisement it desirable that yon mention this mapacint.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Justa Big Wonderful Imported

WOLFQX"

Fur Scarf

                       NOW O/VLV

 I Ring. If You Can Tell
 ItFrom a Genuine Diamond Send ItBack

  These aroazin*, beautiful CORODITE diamonds positively match irenulne
  diamonds In every way—same blazing flash and dazzling piay of living rain-
  bow fire. They, alone. Bland the diamond tests, including terrific acM
  teat of direct comp»rison. Lifetime experts need oil their ejcijcrlence to
  see any difference. Prove this yourself.

Wear a Corodite Diamond 7 DAYS FREE

  Make this test. You risk nothin*. Wear a genuine Corodite and a diamond
  side by Bide on the name linger for 7 days. If you or your friends can tell
  the difference, send it back: you won'tbe out a Hinkle penny. That’s fair

enough you keep the ring. price printed here Is'aifl youpayl No frstall*
porooitca alonehave thesamecuttinga9geJiulnestones.

Fsns Sfvlf* IA W <• 1/-. 1,1 O D.____„ — „ .

ments. Remember,
No. 1 — Ladies'

No. 2 —Gents'

'ySfi t	^ y y ine e cu w ngasfi

'Tiffany Style 14 K Gold St Rinsr ....
Heavy Belcher 14K liold 8. Ring ....

S2.84

 No. 3—Gents’ Massive Hexagon Gypsy Ring	J4i27

                     -Carved Basket betting, platinum finish * . S3.96

        “ ^-----1,1------*	. . $3.

                                      Style and Warmth

                                 Fine Silky Fur

                                                                            A moat serviceable and necessary
                                                                            scarf, attractively silk lined,within
                                                                            the reach of every woman’s pocket-
                                                                            book. It can be worn tight around
                                                                            neck or looae around shoulders. The
                                                                            very latest stylish scarf.

                                                   Natural Head and Long, Bushy Tail

                                                                  Ha9 appearance of a $15 scarf. Your ^ M A Q
                                                                  choice of black or brown. Specially
                                                                  priced for immediate delivery . . . *

                                                             HrHiNnuu JUST SEND YOUR NAME and addreae

                                                                             VI U vl l»u w Htatmit color wanted and pay postman
           our price plus postage on arrival If not aaliafled return and
           a	|	we will gladly refund every penny paid out.

Be A Diamond Expert! lee-THOMAS co.c^aSS

No.4 — Ladies’ Hand------------

   No. 5—Ladies’Tiffany Orange Blossom Engraved...... S3.54-

    Carat size gems. Beautiful mountings of most modem design. Choice of
    gold or latent white platinum finish Unqualified 20-year guarantee. Hand-
    some art leather case free with each ring.

   Cryn Mfl RilAMCVKeopyotirmon<?yr,?htathome- Just send
   OLiIU	IrlUfllll name, odtirc-sia and number of ring wanted

  7 ,	and size as shown by slip of coper, fitting

    end to end around finger joint. Yourring wiliaome by return mail. When
    ring arrives depositamount shown above with postman. If you decide not
    to keep ring after 7 days' wear, send it back and your money will be Im-
    mediately returned. Send today.

E. RICH WINE CO.

   iV 333 S. Dearborn Street, Dept. 283. Chicago, Illinois

  __Sole Importers Genuine Corodite Diamonds_ /’'f

SENT

FREE!

                Do you know that of two diamonds of equal
              size, one may be worth a hundred times as much
              as the other? Who can distinguish them but an
              expert? My short easy course will make you a
              diamond expert in a few months! Get it before
              you buy your next diamond—it will save you
              money 1

            x $5,000 to $15,000 a Year!

                 Millions of dollars are paid out for diamonds
 Genuine uncut every year! Jewelry houses everywhere need expert
 diamond if you diamond men who can name their own salary,
 enroll at once. Salaries run from $5,000 to $15,000 yearly: Many
 experts make more than that selling diamonds on the side! I
 will show you how to make this money! If you Know diamond
 values, you will never lose on any transaction—always profit!
 Jewelers and diamond buyers will ask your judgment. Always
 pay highly for expert opinions! Diamond experts are rare!
 Write For Free Booklet —

   M.v booklet “ Paying Diamond Knowledge *' will bo sent to
 you free If you s-nd your name and address. Contains new
 amazing and startling facts about diamonds! Do it now!

CODINGTON SCHOOL OF DIAMONDS

 442 N. Wells St..	Dept. 2410,	Chicago. Illinois.

^WANTED!

—A U.S. RAILWAY

IAIL CLERKS

orns Go

    i/

$1600 First Year	franklin institute

                       S Dept. J-271, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hundreds Needed.	,	,.v

                          Sirs: Send m*». without charge (1)

 Every man or boy

 over 16 should «
 •end cou-
 won at x"
 once. ^

S Name.

 ✓ Address...

   ^ sample Railway Mail Clerk Kxamlnation
 questions (2) schedule showing places
 next examinations ; (3) list of many govern-
 ment jobs now open.

 Just say

 Blue=jay

to your druggist

    The simplest way to end a
    corn is Blue-jay.- A touch
    stops the pain instantly. Then
    the corn loosens and comes
    out. Made in a colorless
    clear liquid (one drop does
    it!) and in extra thin plas-
    ters. The action is the same.

Pain Stops Instantly

THE GREATEST ALL-FICTION MAGAZINE
IN THE COUNTRY IS THE

ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY

YOU SHOULD READ-

Munsey’s Magazine

  Pages or the Finest Fiction
  Available at Any Price.

    192

 Twenty-five cents a copy. At all news-stands.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that pou mention this mapasine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  Statement of the ownership,
management, etc., of THE ARGOSY-
ALLSTORY WEEKLY, published weekly
at New York, N. Y., for October
1st, 1922. Required by the Act of
Congress of August 24th, 1912.

I'

 State of New York
 County of New York |

    Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the State
 and County aforesaid, personally appeared Wm. T.
 Dewart, who, having been duly sworn according
 to law. deposes and says that he is the Business
 Manager of The Frank A. Munsey COMPANY,
 Pubiishersof The Argosy-Allstory Weekly, and
 that the following is, to the best of his knowledge
 and belief, a true statement of the ownership, man-
 agement, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the
 date shown in the above caption, required by the
 Act of August 24th, I9r2, emDodied in section 443,
 Postal Laws and Regulations. To wit:

    That the name* and addresses of the Publisher, Editor,
 Managing Editor, and Business Manager are :

   Publishers—The Frank A. Monsey Company,
 280 Broadway, New York, N. Y.

   Kditor—Matthew White, Jr., 280 Broadway,
 New York, N. Y.

   Managing Editor—Robert H. Davis, 280 Broad-
 way, New York, N. Y.

   Business Manager—Wm. T. Dewart, 280 Broad-
 way, New York, N. Y.

 That the Owners are: (If a corporation give Its name
 and the names and addresses of stockholders owning or
 holding 1 per cent or more of the total amount of stock.)

 The Frank A. Munsey Company, 280 Broad-
 way, New York. N. Y.

 Frank A. Munsey, 280 Broadway, New York,
 N. Y.

    That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other
 security holders, owning or holding 1 per cent or more
 of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securi-
 ties are t

 There are no bonds, mortgages, or other securi-
 ties against The Frank A. Munsey Company.

    That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names
 of the owners, stockholders, and security holders, if any,
 conuin not on y the list of stockholders and security holders as
 they appear upon the books of the company, but also, in cases
 wuere the stockholder or security holder appears upon the
 !>",iksof the company as trustee or in any other fiduciary rela-
 tion, the name of the person or corporation for whom such
 u ustee is ictioj is given , also that the said two paragraphs con-
 tain statements embracing affiant's full knowledge and belief
 ■n to the circumstances and conditions under which stock-
 holders and security holders who do not appear upon the books
 of the company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capa-
 city other than that of bona fide owner; and this affiant has no
 reason to believe that any other person, association, or corpora-
 tion has any interest direct or Indirect in the said stock, bonds
 or other secunties than as so stated by him.

        V^M. T. DEWART, Business Manager.

 Sworn to and subscribed before me this 1st day

 of October, 192s.

PLATINUM RING

\\\ \ U ////

SEND ONLY $2.00 and this hacd
carved and pierced ring of Solid
Platinum set with a brilliant
blue white perfect-cut first
quality Diamond, comes
to you charges paid.

   10 Days’
   Free Trial

Keep the ring 10
days. If not satis-
factory or il you can
duplicate this value
anywhere for less
than J90.00 your deposit
will be returned to you.
After trial pay balance
$6.30 a month for 10 months.
Price $65.00.

rprc_Write today for Royal catalog of Dia-

*	numits, Watches and Jeicelru. Thou-

 sands of giftsuggestions shown inour$2,000. OOOstoek.
 10 months to pay on everything. Address Deot. 626.

DAVAT DIAMOND

1VV IrlL &.WATCH CO,

35'37'39 Maiden Lane NewYoik

 SAVE 60% ON

 STANDARD TIRES

A Send No Money!

      Cut your tire bill. BUY STANDARD
    make Tiros such as Goodyear. Goodrich,
    Firestone and other adjusted tires at 40c
    on the dollar. They are in first class con-
    dition and may readily be guaranteed for
    6,000 Miles. These are NOT double
    tread or sewed tires.

   Our Low Prices:

Size
28x3 S4.75
30x3 4.65
30x3K 5.65
32x3J* 6.20
31x4 7.00
32x4 7 40
33x4 7.70

 Tires Tubes I Size Tires	Tubes

51.10 34x4 $7.95	$2 25

1.30 32x454 8.75	2.40

1.40 34x4)4 9.00	2.50

1.50 35x4* 9.15	2.60

1.60 36x4jf> 9.35	2.70

1.85 35x5 9.65	2.80

2.15 37x5 9.85	2.90

ALL TUBES GUARANTEED FOR ONE YEAR.

;P»y on arrival Examine before you pay and
if not satisfied return at our expenw. 5 per
cent discount allowed when cash accompanies
order Specify whether straight side or clincher
wanted. Order at once. Immediate shipment.

STANDARD TIRE & RUBBER CO.

3270 S. Morgan St., Chicago, Illinois

   A. V. KASS, Notary Public.
New York County, No. 28.
New York Register No. 4044.
Term expires March 30th, 1924.

WHEN you start a serial in the Argosy-
Allstory you only wait a week to go
on with it. Start one this week, and you’ll
buy every number until it s concluded.
Ten cents a copy, all news-stands.

 In answering anj/ advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Send for New Book

On Musical TVT/”!
Instruments V \J

Charge'

 EVERY known Instrument illustrated, many in full
     colors. All details and complete descriptions. A
     veritable musical encyclopedia—absolutely free!

 You may now have any musical instrument for a week’s
 trial in your home at our risk. No obligation to buy. Re-
 turn the instrument at our expense at the end of a week if
 you d«:ide not to keep it. The trial will not cost you a penny.

Monthly Payments

 A few cents a day will pay. Special combination offers in
 complete musical outfits—reiver lined case, all accessories,
 self-instructor, etc., all at direct factory price — everything
 you need at practically the cost of the instrument alone.
 Wurlitzer instruments are known all over the world for
 artistic quality. Used by the greatest musicians, bands and
 orchestras. Wurlitzer has made the finest musical instru-
 ments foT over 200 years.

 Write Today. Wurlitzer has stores in over thirty
 cities. But no matter where you live, Wurlitzer is no
 farther than your nearest mail box. Send coupon today.

 THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER CO., Dept. 9277
 117 E. 4th Street. Cincianati	120 W. 42n<J S«re*», New York

 329 S. Wabash Are., Chicafo 2S0 Stockton St.. Sa» Francisco
 Send m# your new catalog with illustrations in color and full
 descriptions of all musical Instruments, also details of the
 Wurlitzer Free Trial Easy Payment Plan. No obligation.

2 TIRES
    FOR

^ $nq<;

       ;TUBE WITH
       EACH TIRE

  Sensational Cut in Standard Tire Prices!

   Two tires for less than the usual cost of one, and t,
   free inner tube with each tire! A'o double treads or

  sewed tires. Our big volume means best tire values'
  Act now and cut your tire cost in two. Thousands of
  steady customers are getting full mileage out of there

 STSS’Se 12,000 MILES

  Note Special Price on Two Tires,Same Sire

  i 81i«	1 Tire 2 Tires Size	1 Tire 2 Tlr«i

  28 x 3 $ 6.75	S 9.»5 P —2 f15*

  | 30x 3 6.96	10.95

           7.95	12.95

           9.25	14.95

           10.45	16.75

           11.85	17.85

           12.35	18.75

                State whether stretcht side or clincher

SEND NO MONEY! sSfiSbffSSsi, „

not fully satisfied return same at our expense and your money
will be promptly refunded. DON'T DELAY! ORDER flOW!

ALBANY TIRE * RUBBER COMPANY
2721 Roosevelt Road Dept. A-I 021 Chicago. MUaeia

 30x34
 I 32x3>£
 31 x 4
 32x4
 33x4

tF You Can Tell it from a
GENUINE DIAMOND Send it back

  To prove our blue-white MEXICAN DIAMOND cannot be taM frtwn
  a GENUINE DIAMOND and baa same DAZZLING RAINBOW
  FIRE, we will send a ei-leet^d 1 carat c«*m in ladies Solitaire Rina.
  <Cat. price $5.26) for Half Price «o Introduce. 3. or in b«U
  Heavy Tooth Belchcr King (Cat. Price f>,.6o> fur S3.28. Our flneet
  12k Gold Filled mounting. GUARANTEED20 YEARS. SENDNO
  MONEY. Just mail postcard or thin ad. Slate Siae. He will mail at
  once. When ting arrives dopoeit $ J.63 for Ladiee ri*»a or $S.26 for
  Gent* with postman. If not pleeaed return in 2 dajra for morer bark
  lesa handling charges. Wr.to for Free calaJor- Asents Wanted

  MEXICAN DIAMOND IMPORTING CO .Di|t. SS2. las Cruces. N. Wei

(Exclusivecontrollers Mexican Diamonds)

MAKE MONEY

 sAT HOME ?

 you how, guarantee you steady work at home do matter where you
 live, and pay you cash each week.

                 Full particulars and Booklet Free.

           AMERICAN SHOW CARD SCHOOL
 202 Ryrie Building	Toronto, C«B

Name—
Address _

  Stats musical instrument in
  CotntT+v** 19SS, Ths Rudolph WurliU+r Co

                                      wMiek you are *ntsrrstsd.)

THE MUNSEY

   No other standard magazine approaches the Munsey record In
putting across successful advertising campaigns single handed.
The Munsey has established successful businesses, built facto-
ries. made fortunes for advertisers—single handed. The Munsey
pays advertisers so richly because Munsey readers have money
to spend, ambition to want and initiative to go and get what
they want. They go and get The Munsey at tbe news-stand
every month. They go and get any advertised article they vranL
Have you such an article? Tell the Munsey readers about it
and get what you want—results.

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 Broadway, Nt» York Or

In answering any advertisement on tMs page it is desirable that you mention this marm;ine.
 Only $1.00 with the coupon below brings this sen-
 sational furniture bargain to your home on 30
 days trial. Complete 6 piece set of fumed solid
 oak living room furniture including a wonderfully
 comfortable and roomy divan. Only $29.85
 for the complete set on this offer—on i
 easy payments, too. $40 was the
 former price for a set like this
 —a special factory sacrifice makes
 this slash in price possible now.
 Seize this opportunity on our special
 approval offer—we take the risk.

30 Days Trial

                                     When you get this magnificent 6-
                                     piece library set, put it in your liv-
                                     ing room or library and use it freely
                                     for 30 days. Note the massive, solid
                                     construction —the beautiful finish—
                                     the fine upholstery and graceful
                                     lines. Compare it with anything you
                                     -	. can buy locally at anywhere near

 the same price—even for spot cash. Then if not satisfied for any reason
 return the set at our expense and we will refund your $1.00 at once, plus
 any freight charges you paid.

Only $2*70 a Month If yon decide to keep the set,

 month until yoo have paid $29.86. A foil year to pay—at the rate’of only a’few^nf.
 a day. Thla wonderful value is not listed in our regular catalog Wo have nnlv

Wn ir»i	"P n?ve_oniy o limited

 numberof seta.We trust honest people any wherein the U.S. One price to all cash
 or credit. No discount for cash. Not one penny extra tor credit. NoC.O.D.

Price Slashed!—Send Now

MT

New
6-PIece Set

Fumed Solid Oak

  Tills superb 6-piece sot is made of selected solid oak
  throughout, finished in rich, dull waxed, brown fumed
  oak. All the four chairs arc padded; seats uphol-
  stered with brown Dclav&n Spanish leather, the best
  imitation of genuine Spanish leather known. The up-
  holstering is a rich brown color.

  Lar&e Divan provides extra seating capacity. It la
  an unusually mass ve, comfortable piece with beauti-
  fully designed back. Arms are broaa and comfortable.
  Measures 46 Inches wido outside and 36 inches long
  inside. Thickly padded seat is 19 inches deep. Height
  of back is 22 iochoa. Posts are extra massive.

 Arm Chair is a roomy, dignified piece of furni-
 ture. comfortable and big enough for a very large
 person while not seeming too large for the ordinary
 occupant. Seat 19 x 17 1-2 In.. height 86 In.

 Arm Rocher Is a massive, stately, comfortable
 piece, with beautifully designed back, wide, shapely
 arms, and smooth operaUng runners. Seat 19 x 17 1.2
 in., height 36 In.

 Sewing Rocker la unusually attractive and uaefa).

 Seat 17x_17 in.. beight85in.

                                   of
                                   fc,

 Library Table — A beautiful piece of library for-
 niture. Beautifully designed ends to match chairs
 with roomy magazine shelf below. Legs cut of 2 in
 stock: massive, dignified. Top measures 28 1-4 x 34 In.’
 Jardiniere Stand matches other pieceR. A dec-
 oration to your living room or library. Carefullv
 built throughout. Measures 17 1-2 in. high: the too
 12 x 12 inches.

Entire set shipped knocked down construction. Easy
to set up. Saves freight charges. Wt. about 175 lbs.
Order by No. B6944A. $1.00 with
coupon. S2.70 a month, price S29.85.

 Free Bargain Catalog

  Shows thousands of bargain** in
  furniture, jewelry, carpets, rags,
  curtains, silverware, phono-
  graphs, stoves, porch ana lawn
  furniture, women’s, men’s and
  children's wearing annarel.

 Don t delay. Jnat send
 $1.00 along with the cou-
 pon as a deposit. If you
 wish to return the set after
 80 days your dollar will be refunded, plus
 Which you paid. Remem-
 special, limited, reduced price
 SsKni fi?8	fir8t sorved. Get voor set

                 >*?ts. 80 days trial-we
 take all the risk. Send coupon now.

Straus & Schram, Dept. 8277 Chicago

   SHIIIMllllMlllllllllimillMIMtlllttitMMlliafliiMUtiiiiigidgi,,,!!

  = Straus & Schram, Dept. 8277	Chicago, III.

  8 few fln<* 11.00. Ship special advertised 6-Piece Fumed
  = Sfilb7rsrnP#t- •""I to have 30 days Tree trial. If I keep
  2 * a?t< fS111 w »ou 12.70 monthlv. If not satisfied. 1 am
  2	i	w*fhln 30 day** and rou are to refund my

   •	J5?n"y Bnc* *nr freight chanre* I naid

  S □ «• Piece Library Set, No. B6944A. $29 85.

2 Name _________________

  | Strut, R. F. D.

 « or Box No________________

  5 Shipping

 •	Point __________ _______________^

  2 Pont

 = Office------------ ---- Stut*-__

  •	11 you only want catalog put x In box below:

   —- U Fumrtfite Siovm,Jewclry CJMca’ s.Womfti's.Childrea’i

 r sflotlma
Science SmUou heedblfave

cy> C^rj . . jk\'

my nairfc

    This Clean, Colorless
    Liquid Restores the
    Former Color

Results in a Week

   Science again has scored a
 triumph in the discovery of
 a very remarkable liquid
 which makes H unneces-
 sary for anyone to endure
 r ray hair or to use disagree-
 able, sticky, greasy or dark
 colored solutions to change
 it. Just apply this liquid to
 the hair and scalp and the
 grayncBS goes, the hair
 assumes the actual color it
 had in the past and takes on
 amostdelightful cleanliness
 and beauty of texture.

   This preparation comes in
 the form of a liquid, clean
 and colorless, containing
 properties which quickly
 restore the lost color to the
 hair and give it renewed
 vigor. Simply apply it to
 the scalp and hair and soon
 yon see the lost color return-
 ing to give your hair its
 former luxuriance and
 beauty. And note that the
 one preparation is for all
 colors of hair. No special
 solution required for each
 color —no samples of hair
 required—no“matehing” to
 obtain the right shade.

   Now you have the secret.
 Its name is Kolor-Bak. And
 now also you have the
 means of Banishing your
 grayness in the simplest,
 easiest wayyoucanimagine.

   You will find that Kolor-
 Bak brings uniformity in
 the restored color. The
 hair will be the same shade
 thronghout. It will not
 appear streaked or faded,
 nocwill it appear "dyed.

    Every scientist. every physician,
  known that gray hmr la hair that
  haa eaaaed to receive ita normal
  •apply of coloring matter or pig-

  ment from certain tiny rail* 'called
  folliclee and papillae) In the acalp.
  because thee* call* have become
  Inactive from Ulneaa, ■hock of
  some kind, acalp disease. dandruff,
  infection, neglect of the hair, or
  lark of circulation.etc. Butnomat-
  ter what the cause of the grayneea
  It ia simply amaaing to are how it
  disappear* whan Kolor-Bak is used.

   Thousand* haft found that
 Kolor-Bakalaoworkawondcrsin I ho
 mot persistent cases of dandruff.
 Itching acalp and falling hair. It
 qulckjy clean a the poree of the
 ecaiy matter which tmuedea circu-
 lation and evidently destroy* the
 gcrma which feed upon the nourish-
 ing matter which ehould he *b-
 aorbed by the cclla and follicle*.
 Thu* it help* to keep the hair from
 becoming brittle or falling out The
 dandruff goes. the Itching eeaeea
 and the hair grow* thick and gtoeey.
 healthy and lining.

Thousands Tell What
Kolor-Bak Does

    "It reetored tha natural color to
  my hair and haa cured my little
  girl of dandruff ."

    "Am 60 yean okl. Halrwaa white.
  Now brown aa in youth."

   "One bottle reatorrd my gray
 hair to itaoriginal color and put my
 rcalp in healthy condition."

   "Hair was streaked with white.
 Now a nice even brown and dan-
 druff all gone.”

    “My hair waa falling out hadly
  Kolor-Bak ha. stopped It and put It
  in fine condition. ’

   Krom everywhere come word*
 like the above, praiaing thia won-
 derful treatment for the hair.

   Nearly all leading drug atom
 and drag departments now have
 Kolor-Bak.

Free Trial Offer

   W* invite every reader who haa
 gray hair or who suffer* (rum Itch-
 ing scalp, dandruff or falling hair
 to prove Kolor-Bak without risking
 a penny. We are making a special
 proposition, particulars of which
 will be sent by mall to those who
 ask for it. No money to send, only
 the coupon.

   No need to send any sample of
 your hair, as the one clean Koior-
 Rak solution la for all hair, regard-
 less of former colot.

Mai/fAereosoa fa
Wyfitnif Labara-
lorira, 204 Soath
Pwri* St.. D*pt.
1034 Chicago.
CmnaJim n tut-
tosMPf mpp/ierf
from oar Canada
lakoraloriot.

   My Hair Waa
 Quite Gray
 “Only a short time
 ago my hair waa quite
 gray and becoming
 grayer. It waa falling
 out. My acalp Itched
 and dandruff appeared.

    "Only a few applica-
 tions of Kolor-Bak
 stopped tha itching and
 dandruff. Mr hair soon
 stoppedeomlng out.
 Moet wonderful of all,
 however, le that my
 hair Is again Its origi-
 nal color 1 look tea
 years younger."

    M igytcel IsMse)

 r,

 HYGIENIC LABORATORIES.

 | 204 S. Peoria St., Dept. 1034 Chicago

  I Please send roar Free Trial Offer on Kotor-
  | Bak and your Free Book on Treatment of the
  Hair and Scalp.

 I

| Name.----------

 Addr

rm MrvftZT mss*. kev york-