10*

 Canada I2<

MAR. 15

WEEKLY

16 JVIORt Pages
Larger Type

AND OTHER IMPROVEMENTS

His Honor is Missing

         Complete Short Novel

THEODORE ROSCOE

Murder Goes to Sea

     Exciting New Novel of the Navy

ALLAN R. BOSWORTH

Bait for the Big HooK

     Unusual Story of Florida Waters

RICHARD SALE

A. L. ZAGAT

DALE CLARK
A REAL
BARGAIN

for every railroad fan!

A year’s subscription—12 big issues—of RAILROAD
MAGAZINE and a silver-plated replica of a streamlined
Hudson type locomotive or the Union Pacific’s great “Chal-
lenger”—reproduced on a 3/32 of an inch to the foot
scale ... for only $3.75 . . . (Prepaid.)
Perfect for father’s desk—brother’s den—the model collector—in fact for any man or boy
interested in railroading.

STREAMLINED HUDSON TYPE

—This locomotive represents the
latest in steam locomotive stream-
lining. Used on the New York
Central's fast passenger service.
Replica measures lOVi" x 2xh"
x 2 Vi" heavily silver-plated, oxi-
dized finish.

UNION PACIFIC "CHALLENG-
ER”—This type locomotive is the
newest design for heavy freight
and passenger service on the Union
Pacific’s mountain division. 10V4"
x 21/2"x21/4", heavily silver-plated
oxidized finish.

          Here’s how you save money—A year’s subscription to RAILROAD MAGAZINE costs
          $1.50 and the silver-plated replicas sell for $3.00 each. You can get both for only $3.75
          (a year’s subscription and a replica) ... a saving of 75c! The supply of these little
          engines is limited, so fill out and mail the coupon today with your check or money order.

 This offer is good only in the United States.

RAILROAD MAGAZINE, Sub. Dept, 280 Broadway, N. Y. C.

Enclosed is my check (money order) for $............ Please send RAILROAD MAGAZINE for one year and

the replica I have checked to:

Name ..........................................Address ........................................

□ Hudson Type Locomotive	□ Union Pacific “Challenger”

 or

Please send the above person RAILROAD MAGAZINE for one year at the regular price of $1.50.
Name ..........................................Address .............................

              This coupon is for your convenience. You may order by letter it you do not wish to tear the cover.
*« *pCP’

•	I ^you’re that man, Here’s something

I M that will interest you.

          Not a magic formula—not a get-
rich-quick scheme—but something more
substantial, more practical.

Of course, you yourself need something
more than just the ambition to be an ac-
countant. You’ve got to pay the price—be
willing to study earnestly, thoroughly.

Still, wouldn’t it be worth your while to
sacrifice some of your leisure in favor of
interesting home study—over a compara-
tively brief period in your life? Always pro-
vided that the rewards were good—a salary
of $2,000 to $10,000?

Think of the thrill of cashing a good sized
salary check! Of building a modern home! Of
cruising about town in a new car! Of swelling
your bank account!

Those are everyday events in the life of
many an accountant—who, mind you, doesn’t
have to kill himself with work to afford
them. His duties are interesting, varied and
of real worth to his employers. He has
standing!

Do you feel that such things aren’t for
you? Well, don’t be too sure. Very possibly
they can be!

Why not, like so many before you, inves-
tigate LaSalle’s modern Problem Method

of training for an accountancy position?

  Instantly you’ll appreciate its merits.
You’ll realize it’s practical and thorough.
Yet it’s not expensive—considering time re-
quired and results gained.

  Just suppose you were permitted to work
in a large accounting house under the personal
supervision of an expert accountant. Sup-
pose, with his aid, you studied accounting
principles and solved problems day by day—
easy ones at first—then the more difficult
ones. If you could do this—and if you could
turn to him for advice as the problems be-
came complex—soon you’d master them all.

  That’s the training you follow in principle
under the LaSalle Problem Method.

  However, under LaSalle the training is
much broader. You learn more than one ac-
countant usually could teach. At LaSalle
there’s a staff of experienced specialists to
guide you. You get the benefit of their com-
bined experience.

  You cover accountancy from the basic
Principles right up through Accountancy
Systems and Income Tax Procedure. Then
you add C. P. A. Training and prepare for the
C.P.A. examinations. As you go along, you
absorb the principles of Auditing, Cost ^
Accounting, Business Law, Statistical x* *

Control,Organization, Manage-,
ment and Finance. ^

 Send for this

  Your progress is as speedy as you care to
  make it—depending on your own eagerness
  to learn and the time you spend in study.

      Will recognition come? The only answer, as
   you know, is that success does come to the
   man who is really trained. It’s possible your
   employers will notice your improvement in a
   very few weeks or months. Indeed, many
   LaSalle graduates have paid for their train-
   ing—with increased earnings—before they
   have completed it! For accountants, who
   are trained in organization and management,
   are the executives of the future.

      As experts in finance, accountants inter-
  pret future trends through their ability to
  analyze past records. They advise on how
  much a business may spend for sales promo-
  tion or expansion. Because they’re familiar
  with business law, they know the tangles of
  taxation. A trained accountant can really
  “go places!”

    Write For This Free Book

  For your own good, don’t put off investi-
  gation of all the facts. Write for our free 48-
  page book,“Accountancy,TheProfessionThat
  Pays.” It’ll prove that accountancy offers

*	v v brilliant futures to those who aren’t
v v afraid of serious home study.
Send us the coupon now.

Argosy—March 15
America’s Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine

Cc

oming

Sc

oon

Argosy means variety—stories
about every age and every
land.

Here is proof of that; in the
next month you’ll be reading:

ROLL, MISSOURI

A roaring novel of riverboat-
men and their fabulous
days, by

ROY DE S. HORN

SOMETIME CHAMP

A novelet of the prize-ring
and one of the most unusual
and moving stories you’ve
ever read. By

CHARLES
MARQUIS WARREN

WET BEEF FROM
MEXICO

  Tense excitement and the
  authentic flavor of the West
  in a fine new novel by

WALT COBURN

 Volume 306

 CONTENTS FOR MARCH 15, 1941

 Number 3

Murder Goes to Sea—First of six parts.....Allan R. Bosworth

   His name’s not down on the rollcall of this hospital ship; he
   obeys no Navy regulations. But he’s signed on, and the Admir-
   al’s log calls him Mr. Murder

His Honor Is Missing—Short Novel.........Theodore Roscoe 16

          Impressive, golden-bearded and wearing a fabulous diamond, the
          Mayor sits ready to welcome visitors. But they must meet him on
          equal terms—and the Mayor has been dead for seventy years

Patrioteer—Short Short Story...................Paul Ernst 35

    Brief, clear portrait of two Americans *one professional, the
    other genuine

Gunswift—Fifth of seven parts.................Jack Byrne 37

    They’re calling Cass Gentry a lady-killer in Triangle; but he’s
    been using a six-gun instead of a smile

Bait for the Big Hook—Short Story.............Richard Sale 47

    You’ve got a man to save, Pop Shannon. So take him fishing and
    string your hook with disaster

 . Stookie Allen 53

Men of Daring—True Story in Pictures. .

                         The Foxes—Sky Dancers

Long Road to Tomorrow—Third of four parts Arthur Leo Zagat

              Dikar comes to the end of the world, and finds a miracle

 54

Argonotes............................................ 65

Looking Ahead!...................................... 5

This magazine is on sale every Wednesday

-A .RED STAR Magazine—

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway, NEW YORK, N. Y.
WILLIAM T. DEWART, President & Treasurer	WILLIAM T. DEWART, JR., Secretary

                           PARIS: HACHETTE & C1E. Ill Rue Reaumur
LONDON: THE CONTINENTAL PUBLISHERS & DISTRIBUTORS, I/TD., 3 La Belle Sauvage. Ludgata Hill
London, E. C. 4 Copyright, 1941, by Frank A. Munsey Company. Published weekly* Single copies 10c; Canada 12o.’
By the year $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba; Canada, $6.00. Other countries, $7,00
Currency should not be sent unless registered. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postai
money order. Entered as second class matter November 28, 1896, at the post office. New York, N. Y., under the Act
of March 3, 1879. The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright and must not be reprinted without
the publisher’s permission. Title registered in U. S. Patent Office. Copyright in Great Britain. Printed in U. s. A.
Manuscripts submitted to this magazine should be accompanied by sufflcitnt postage tor their return if found unavailable
The publisher can accept no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts.

                    -Other RED STAR Magazines-

FANTASTIC NOVELS , RED STAR MYSTERY . FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES . RED STAR AD-
VENTURES , CRACK-SHOT WESTERN . DETECTIVE FICTION WEEKLY . CONFESSION NOVEL OF
THE MONTH . SILVER BUCK WESTERN . RED STAR LOVE REVELATIONS . RED STAR SECRET
CONFESSIONS . DOUBLE DETECTIVE . ALL-STORY LOVE MAGAZINE . BIG CHIEF WESTERN . LOW
NOVEL OF THE MONTH . RAILROAD MAGAZINE . FIFTH COLUMN STORIES . SEA NOVEL MAGAZINE
   On GOODYEAR i
   restone-goodrichH

and Other Standard Makes ;

 Only our 25 years’ experience, big 1

 baying power and volume production
 make it possible to offer these amaz-
 ing tire values. Think of it; Stand-1
 ard Brand reconditioned tires, ser-'
 viceably repaired by experts with high-1
 grade materials at a fraction of original'
 cost. Order now. Enjoy the tremendous
 eavings our cut prices make possible.

TRUCK
BALLOONS
SUe Tires Tubes

 6.00-20	$3.10 $1.66
 6.50-20 3.35 1.96

 7.00-20	4.60 2.95
 7.60-20 5.15 3.75
 1.26-20 6.75 4.95

HEAVY DUTY
TRUCK TIRES
Size Tires Tubes
30x5 $3.50 $1.96
82x6 6.95 2.75
34x7 8.95 8.25

88x7 9-45 ---

 36x8 9.65 ....

 40x8 11.60 4.16
 ALL OTHER
 SIZES
 DEALERS

WANTED

 SEND ONLY $1.00 DEPOSIT on each tire ordered.
 ($3.00 on each Truck Tire.) We ship balance C. O. D.
 Deduct 5 per cent if cash is sent in full with order. To
 fill order promptly we may substitute brands if neces-
 sary. ALL TUBES BRAND NEW—GUARANTEED—

PERRY-FIELD TIRE & RUBBER CO.

 2328-30 S. Michigan Ave., Dept. 4801-A, Chicago

BALLOON TIRES

Size Tires Tubes

29x4.40-21	$1.85 $0.f

29x4.60-20 1.85	A

80x4.50-21	1.95	.1

28x4.75-19 1.85	.5

29x4.76-20 2.10	.1.

29x6.00-19	2.25	1.05

80x6.00-20 2.40	1.05

6.26-17 2.45	1.15

28x6.25-18 2.45	1.16

29x5.26-19 2.45	1.15

80x6.26-20 2.50	1.16

81x6.25-21	2.80	1.15

6.60-17	2.75	1.15

28x6.60-18	2.75	1.15

29x6.60-19 2.75	1.16

6.00-16	3.15	1.45

6.00-17	2.85	1.15
80x6.00-18 2.85	1.15
81x6.00-19	2.85	1.15
82x6.00-20	2.95	1.25
83x6.00-21	3.10	1.25
82x6.60-20 3.20	1.86

EVERY TIRE
GUARANTEED

Oar Guarantee
Bond agrees to
replace at % price
tires failing to give
full9months'serv-
ice. Replacements
f. o. b. Chicago.

Don’t Delay—
Order Today

INDIGESTION

may affect the Heart

 Gas trapped in the stomach or gullet may act
 like a hair-trigger on the heart. At the first sign
 of distress smart men and women depend on
 Bell-ans Tablets to set gas free. No laxative but
 made of the fastest-acting medicines known for
 acid indigestion. If the FIRST DOSE doesn't
 prove Bell-ans better, return bottle to us and
 receive DOUBLE Money Back. 25c at all drug
 stores.

► STUDY AT HOME

 Legally trained men win high-
 er positions and bigger suc-
 cess in business and publlo

 I life. Greater opportunities now than
 ' ever before. Big corporations are
 _ _	beaded by men with legal training.

 More Ability: More Prestige: More Money

 We guide you step by step. You can train at home
 daring spare time. Degree of LL. B. Successfal
 graduates In every section of tbe U. 8. We farniBh
 *11 text material, including 14-volame Law Library. Low cost, easy
 terms. Get our valuable 48-page "Law Tralnlngfor Leadership” and
 Evidence” books FREE. Send for them NOW.

LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 3SS-L v Chicago
A Correspondence Institution

Learn this
Profitable
Profession

in 90 Days at Home

 Hundreds of men and women of all ages 18-50 make
 $10.00 to $20.00 in a single day giving scientific Swed-
 ish Massage and Hydro-Therapy treatments. There is a
 big demand from Hospitals, Sanitariums. Clubs, Doc-
 tors and private patients as well as opportunities for
 establishing your own office.

 Learn this interesting money-making profession in your
 own home by mail, through our home study course.
 Same instructors as in our NATIONALLY KNOWN
 resident school. A diploma is awarded upon comple-
 tion of the course. Course can be completed in 3 to 4
 months. High School training is not necessary. Many
 earn big money while learning.

             Anatomy Charts and Booklet FREE

          Enroll now and we will include uniform
 Warafomu coat* medical dictionary, patented reducing
 “ roller and Hydro-Therapy supplies without
 t lUKUts extra cost. The reducing course alone may
 • w'	be worth many times the modest tuition fee.

          Send coupon now for Anatomy Charts and
          booklet containing photographs and letters
          from successful graduates. These will all be
          sent postpaid—FREE.

 The College of Swedish Massage (Successor to National
 College of Massage)

 Dept. 287—30 E. Adams St., Chicago.

 You may send me FREE and postpaid, Anatomy Charts,
 booklet containing photographs and letters from graduates,
 and complete details of your offer.

Name..........................................

Address........................................

City............................ State..........

   Looking
     Ahead!

LAUNCH TORPEDOES!

Motor torpedo boats? They’re new
and deadly, but there’s no comfort
in them; no security; no attacking
power. That’s what you think, any-
way, until your bow has been
blown away and you keep on float-
ing — while enemy planes and
transports take the deep six. A
thrilling story about a Naval offi-
cer who. learned about boats the
hard way, by

RICHARD SALE

THE PERILOUS PEARL

For the last time she has come
back, this beautiful woman of the
mysteries, whose face is in the
heart of every priceless gem. And
now in the shimmer of black nacre-
ous perfection, she stands trans-
formed, the veil torn away. The
conclusion of a powerful series by

H. BEDFORD-JONES

MURDER GOES TO SEA

You probably haven’t heard much
about them, but our Navy has
hospital ships, too. And the U.S.S.
Consolation had a new role to play
when she stood by over a sub-
marine tragedy, while a killer
stalked her decks and terror dwelt
in the cabins. Beginning an excep-
tional new novel by

ALLAN R. BOSWORTH

COMING IN NEXT WEEK’S
ARGOSY—MARCH 22

World’s Greatest Collection of
Strange & Secret Photographs

MOW you can travel round the world with the
most daring adventurers. You can see with
youi own eyes the weirdest peoples on earth. You
witness the strangest customs of the red, white,
brown, black and yellow races. You attend their
startling rites, their mysterious practices. They
are all assembled for you in these five great vol-
umes of The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND.

600 LARGE PAGES

Here Is the world’s Greatest Collection of Strange and
Secret Photographs. Here are Exotic Photos from Europe,
Primitive Photos from Africa, Torture Photos from Asia,
Female Photos from Oceania and America, and hundreds
of others. There are almost 600 LARGE PAGES of Strange
& Secret Photographs, each page 57 square Inches In size!

1000 REVEALING PHOTOS

You see actual courtship practised In every quarter of the
world. You see magic and mystery in queer lands where
the foot of a white man has rarely trod. You see Oriental
modes of marriage and female slavery in China, Japan, In-
dia, etc. Through the intimacy of the camera you witness
the exotic habits of every continent and the strangest cus-
toms of life and love in America, Europe, etc. You are be-
wildered by these large pages of ONE THOUSAND PHOTO-
GRAPHS, including 130 full-page photos, and thrilled by
the hundreds of short stories that describe them.

   Contents of 5-Volume Set

     Volume 1—The	Secret Album of Africa

Volume 2—The	Secret Album of Europe

     Volume 3—The	Secret Album of Asia

Volume 4—The	Secret Album of America

Volume 5—The	Secret Album of Oceania

5 PICTURE-PACKED VOLUMES

The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND consists of five pfC-

ture-packed volumes (solidly bound together for convenient
reading). Dip into any one of these volumes, and as you
turn its pages, you find it difficult to tear yourself away.
Here in story and unusual photo, is the WORLD’S GREAT-
EST COLLECTION OF STRANGE AND SECRET PHOTO-
GRAPHS, containing everything from Female Beauty Round
the World to the most Mysterious Cults and Customs.
These hundreds and hundreds of large pages will give you
days and nights of thrilling Instruction.

Specimen Photos

Omens, Totems & Taboos—Mysterious Customs-
& Undress Round the World

     1,000 Strange and Secret Photos

SEND NO MONEY

Simply sign and mall the coupon. Remember, each of the
5 volumes is 91/i Inches high, and opened over a foot
wide! Remember also that this 5-Volume Set formerly
sold for $10. And it is bound in expensive ‘'life-time”
cloth. Don’t put this off. Fill out the coupon, drop It In
the next mail, and receive this huge work at once.

    _____ ___>!

    W

*■■■■■ ■ ■■■■■■

■ METRO PUBLICATIONS.	■

70 Fifth Ave., Dept. 303, New York, N. Y.

Send me “The Secret Museum of Mankind” (5 B
great volumes bound together). I will pay postman

■ $1.98, plus postage on arrival. If in 5 days I am ■
not delighted, I will return the book and you will ■
refund my $1.98.

® Name .................................... ®

| Address .............................|

■ City.......................State.......... -

□ CHECK HERE If you are enclosing $1.98, thus ■
     saving the mailing costs.

h	Canadian orders $2.50 in advance	_

■ ■■■■ ■ ■ ■■■■*
Murder Goes to Sea

\

   By Allan R. Bosworth

               Author of "Deep Sea Dugan" “Moon over Montezuma.” etc.

  LOS ANGELES, January 10—Sit tight—we’re com-
  ing! That terse message, flashed to the bottom of
  the storm-tossed Pacific early today by oscillator
  signals from the salvage tug Algonquin, spelled the dif-
  ference between life and death for thirty-three men.

     They were the captain and surviving crew members of
   the new submarine Starfish, which sank mysteriously off
   the California coast yesterday afternoon.

     Twenty-two men are known to have lost their lives in
   the Navy’s latest submarine disaster and meager reports
   from the ill-fated undersea craft indicated that several
   others were injured.

      Grim-lipped naval authorities, battling time and weather
   to rescue the survivors, refused to comment on the possi-
   bility that the new six-million-dollar warship may have
   been sabotaged.

/ They pointed out that nothing definite regarding the
sinking is likely to be known until the Algonquin’s nine-

ton rescue bell has brought its first load to the surface.

The Starfish was commanded by Lieut. Everett Brill II,
and was the first of twenty similar ships to be constructed
by Westco Iron Works.

Two civilian employes of Westco—Victor Melhorne,
chief engineer of the firm, and Foster Bedell, naval archi-
tect—are among those trapped in the ship they helped
design and build.

Lieutenant Brill, member of an old Navy family,, has
seen his own career dogged by misfortune for several
years.

While executive officer of the destroyer Bolton, three
years ago, he was court-martialed and cleared of charges
of intoxication after the Bolton had rammed another ship
in maneuvers.

Brill’s next post was command of a Yangtze river gun-
boat, which was beached and wrecked in a typhoon.

Brill is a “mustang” officer in Navy parlance, having

 A door closed, twenty-two men
 were snuffed out of existence—
 and murder began to walk the
 decks of the U.S.S. Consolation.
 Beginning an absorbing novel
 about that little-known unit of
 our fleet—the hospital ship

There in the darkness, fathoms down, Adams
did what he had to do: he knocked the
skipper out
MURDER GOES TO SEA

7

come up from enlisted ranks after being dismissed from
the Naval Academy because of a boyish prank, officers
who know him said.

  He is a widower, and his 22-year-old daughter, Evelyn,
is a nurse in the Navy hospital to which her father and
other survivors of the Starfish probably will be taken. . . .

CHAPTER I

FORTY FATHOMS DOWN

TT HAPPENED with an incredible, stunning swiftness,

  and nobody could say how. After the first numbing
shock had worn off and there was no longer anything to
be done but wait and hope, Mike Way began remember-
ing.

  He lay on a bunk in the crowded torpedo room and be-
came conscious of ribs that pained him with every breath;
he didn’t want to think about those twenty-two men who
couldn’t get out of the after compartments in time nor to
remember anything that had happened.

  But there was no helping himself.

  It was like a jumbled nightmare, and the fragments of
its horror were spilled across a man’s memory in jig-
saw puzzle fashion. The mind subconsciously groped for
a piece at a time, holding it up to examine its fantastic
shape and violent colors, and trying to fit it into a pattern
of the whole.

  But this nightmare was not entirely over, and many
pieces were missing. . . .

  Mike Way was a big man, so rugged as to be almost
ugly, with twelve years in the Navy. He was a chief .tor-
pedoman, and a master diver.

  There was no responsibility for him, now—all of it had
fallen on the shoulders of the skipper, yonder—and he
could lie and taste the growing staleness of the air; he
could watch the beams of the hand lanterns and flash-
lights that were used after the emergency circuit was cut
off.

  He could study one taut, pale face after another, and
feel the slow, agonizing crawl of the hours.

  He tried to pull his thoughts back to the present, and
to project them into the future. It had not occurred to
him that a man under these conditions was entitled to
know a sweating fear.

  The haunted look in the eyes of that kid standing near
the skipper—John Thorpe, his name was—came to Mike
Way as a shock. The boy wasn’t a day over seventeen.

  Mike looked around him. Lieutenant James, the execu-
tive officer, a small and imperturbable man, sat on the deck
forward. Lieutenant McQuaid—he was a junior grade,
and the engineer officer—lay in the opposite bunk, sel-
dom stirring, breathing loudly.

  He had managed to get out of the flooding after com-
partments, with only two other men; and after coming
through the galley door, he had desperately pulled it shut
and dogged it down.

  That, Mike Way thought, took courage of a kind. It
was a move necessary to save the ship and the men for-
ward; it meant death for some of those who still were bat-
tling the slanting deck and the inrushing water, aft.

  McQuaid had dogged down the door, and heard two or
three who reached it too late beating against the door
with their fists. . . .

Mike Way’s mind picked up one of those jigsaw pieces.

It fitted in immediately after this scene. It was Cardoni,
the dark-faced machinist’s mate second class who sat
yonder with grief and a sullen hate in his bloodshot eyes:

  Cardoni grabbing at McQuaid as he fought the door;
Cardoni screaming that his brother was back there. And
taking a swing at McQuaid while the slant of the deck
turned so steep a man could scarcely keep his footing.

  The two of them had fallen together, and other men
came sprawling and sliding on top of them. McQuaid’s
skull was very likely fractured. Cardoni had broken his
arm.

  John Thorpe, the kid, asked in a scared voice: “Do—
do you think it will be long, sir?”

  “Not long, son,” said Lieutenant Brill. “Stevens, try
tapping again.”

  “Aye, aye, sir!” said the radioman. The electricity had
been cut off to prevent an explosion caused by short-
circuiting. To signal, now, Stevens had to swing a heavy
sledge against the hull.

  He tapped, and Mike Way studied Lieutenant Brill. He
felt more sympathy for the skipper than for anybody else
in this pigboat that lay forty fathoms down.

  And that went for the twenty-two men aft: they had
died quickly, and Lieutenant Brill had died a thousand
times, since.

| TE WAS a stocky, graying man of forty-three who sat
handy to the precious oxygen flasks. His cheeks were
flushed, his eyes too bright. He coughed steadily.

  It would have been a hollow cough anywhere else, but
there was pressure in the boat, and the pressure made all
sounds flat.

  Mike Way had done duty in the Bolton with Brill. And
once, after a shifting sea had given him the bends in a
dive, he had been a patient at the hospital where Evelyn
Brill was stationed. He liked them both.

  There was a chance, Mike Way thought, that this pig-
boat disaster would wash up the skipper’s naval career
and put him on the beach for life. He knew what the
Navy meant to Brill. . . .

  Thorpe said, “What time is it? How long have we
been here?”

  “Steady, son!” Brill drew his hand across his eyes. “It’s
half past three.”

  Eleven hours, Mike Way thought. They ought to be
hearing the Algonquin’s oscillator, soon; the electricity
didn’t have to be on to hear it if she was near enough.

  The eastern sky would be paling up there.

  Eleven hours since the skipper, keeping on schedule
to the minute, had given the order for a full crash dive.

  Mike remembered something else. Just before the dive;
McQuaid, coming into the control room and asking the
skipper if Brill was sure he was all right. Sniffing the air
as he asked. Mike remembered how the skipper had stif-
fened and told McQuaid to get to his station.

  Looking at Brill’s flushed face, now, he wondered a little.

  Another man relieved Stevens at the hull tapping. They
stopped a while to listen. And everybody heard the squeal
of the tug’s oscillator, all at once. Foster Bedell ex-
claimed, “Listen!”

  “She’s sighted our marker buoy!” Stevens said.

  Men smiled. Brill opened the valve of an oxygen flask.
New life poured into the thrice-breathed air.

  “We ought to hear a diver on deck by daylight,” Brill
said.
8

J

ARGOSY

 /

TVTIKE WAY turned to ease the hurt in his ribs, and
-‘-’-1- studied the two civilians: Bedell and Victor Mel-
horne.

  You expected courage on the part of Navy men; dis-
cipline had been hammered into them. It was gratifying
to see civilians keep their nerve, too.

  Melhbrne was stocky, with pale eyes and a tight mouth.

  Bedell would have been a few years younger, perhaps.
He was obviously of & more nervous type, slender and
dark; he hadn’t,shaved for more than twenty-four hours,
and strain lined his face under its stubble.

  But he kept himself well in hand; if he was afraid, no-
body would have guessed it.

  Lieutenant McQuaid turned as if in the restlessness of
a delirium, lifting his bandaged head. He sank back,
sighing, and miimbled through colorless lips.

  It was a meaningless babble at first, and then a few
words became coherent:

     . . Brill . . . something. I know! I could smell it!
Tell. .

  The voice trailed into a babble and died. “Wop” Car-
doni was straining forward, his eyes burning into Mc-
Quaid’s face.

  “J hope he dies!” Cardoni exclaimed. “I hope the so-
and-so never wakes.”

  “Cardoni!” snapped Mike Way. “Pipe down!”

  “He killed my brother,” Cardoni said, and stared at the
water-tight door beyond which the tragedy lay. “He killed
him just as sure as—”	,

  “Break it up, there!” Brill called wearily. All the
strength seemed to have gone out of the skipper’s stocky
frame. He coughed again, and his shoulders sagged; his
eyes were still too bright, but there was a desperation in
them, too.

  “I could smell it,” muttered Lieutenant McQuaid.

  Victor Melhorne met Mike Way’s eyes. “He must be
getting better,” Melhorne said. “Think so, Chief?”

  Mike Way nodded. He had put that bandage on the
gash in McQuaid’s head, while Melhorne did his best to
set and splint Cardoni’s arm. There were several others
suffering from cuts and bruises incurred when the Starfish
slanted so steeply by the stern.

  And the pharmacist’s mate was one of the twenty-two,
back yonder. . . .

  “What time is it; now?” young Thorpe wanted to
know.

  His face was drawn and desperate, and his voice quivered
a little.

  Four o’clock. Thorpe ought to be home, in high school,
Mike Way told himself. A kid like that had no business
in the pigboats; it wasn’t right for a kid like that to
know the horror Thorpe had gone through.

  He was one of the three who had managed to get out
of that engine room: McQuaid, Cardoni and Thorpe, run-
ning up a slanting deck with the black, rushing water
closing over their frantic feet before they could make it—
the water spilling over the storm step, threatening to fill
the entire ship.

MIKE WAY closed his eyes against the nightmare, but
his mind would not stop picking up the fragments
of its horror. The pieces didn’t fit: there was nothing here
to show what had happened to send the Starfish down so
suddenly.

  She had dived before, keeping her trim and performing

well. She had held close to the schedule Lieutenant Brill
had laid out for her more than a week before the acceptance
trials began.

  Mike remembered the morning orders on the bulletin
board. 1530 Full Crash Dive. 1600 Surface and Proceed
to Port.

  It was 0400 now, by the Navy’s twenty-four hour clock.
Dawn would be stealing over the sea.

  In Navy ships along the coast the watch would be
changing, and the ships’ cooks were starting breakfast. In
a little while reveille would sound, and the deck'force
would turn out to coffee and its job of washing down.

  The Algonquin was only a few miles away, and hope
rode with her over the black, rolling swells.

  There was nothing to do but wait. Rescue was para-
mount, now, and Mike Way knew the skipper was wise
in speaking only of rescue, and not of the mystery of what
had happened.

  They had reserve oxygen and water and food, and the
skipper had seen to it that soda lime was spread in the
torpedo room to absorb carbon dioxide.

  Time enough after they were out and up to consider
the sinking.

  The hand lights were fewer and weaker. Mike Way’s
ribs stabbed him as he breathed the cold, thick air. He
pulled a blanket closer around him, and grew drowsy.

  A shout woke him and he sat up in quick alarm. But
the shout had been one of joy. Overhead, he heard the
slow clump-clump of a diver’s weighted shoes.

CHAPTER II

EIGHT WERE LUCKY

rpHERE was an eternity, after this. It passed for the
most part in darkness; the skipper, between fits of
coughing, ordered that thd lights be carefully hoarded.

  Men huddled where they were, cramped and cold, be-
cause to move around or otherwise exert themselves meant
to use more of the precious air supply.

  Mike Way needed no light to see things just as they had
been: Brill, sitting yonder, haggard and weary and feel-
ing twenty odd years of Navy service caving out from
under him.

  Cardoni’s brooding eyes turned on the unconscious Mc-
Quaid.

  John Thorpe’s frightened look, and the two civilians
bearing up well under the strain.

  Foster Bedell became talkative, now. It was a release
from the anxiety that lined his stubbled face, Mike
guessed.

  “How many men can the bell take up at a time?” he
wanted to know.

  “Eight,” Brill said, and coughed. “You two men will
make the first trip.”

  Melhorne said, “That’s not necessary, Captain,” and
there was a quiet courage in his voice. “I think Bedell
and I could wait.”	/

  “Sure!” Bedell declared. “I’m perfectly willing to stay
until the last. As a matter of fact, I wish there were some
way we could get at the straight of this thing—how it
happened, I mean. The more I think of it the more in-
credible it seems.”

  Mike Way understood. It took time for the full force
of it to hit a man. Melhorne and Bedell knew every rivet,
MURDER GOES TO SEA

9

every bolt in the ship. They had had confidence in her;
in a large measure, everybody aboard had felt that con-
fidence. It went with a new' ship, proud and sleek and
powerful.

  “Staying down won’t solve what’s behind that door, aft,”
Brill sighed. Another fit of coughing shook him. “That’s
going to wait until she’s raised, I’m afraid. If they can
raise her at all.”

  “Don’t you think salvage can be accomplished, Cap-
tain?” Bedell asked. “It surely wouldn’t be more difficult
than the raising of the S-4 and the S-5.”

  “Oh, it can be done,” said the skipper. “I’m only afraid
it Will be delayed a long while. It’s a long and tedious
process at this depth and in these shifting currents. And
the Navy may be needed elsewhere, in times like these.”

THE diver moved around on the Starfish’s hull, groping
for the escape hatch. Brill swung his flashlight beam
to the overhead, and Stevens hammered the hatch cover
with a wrench.

  They could hear the man outside working at the difficult
task of securing the downhaul cable on which the huge
bell would be operated.

  Mike Way began to feel fidgety for the first time; he
knew every move that was necessary on the diver’s part
—he had felt the pressure that man was fighting at forty
fathoms under a rolling sea.

  And he wished he could be in a diving suit now, help-
ing.

  “I wonder if Lieutenant McQuaid will be able to tell us
anything?” Melhorne asked, as if speaking to himself.

  “That’s rather hard to say,” Brill said coldly.

  Something had passed between those two, Mike Way
decided. Something more than the incident in the control
room, just before the full crash dive. Whatever it was, he
told himself, it was no business of an enlisted man.

  But he wondered if McQuaid would live to tell anything
at all. His head had struck an angle iron by the water-
tight door, and nobody needed to be a surgeon to see that
the injury was bad.

  Besides, it was unlikely that McQuaid had had an op-
portunity to observe any more than Thorpe and Cardoni
had seen.

  These two had not been questioned, but in his earlier
hysteria, Thorpe had cried: “The water! It came in—it
came in from everywhere, all at once!”

  That, it seemed, was it. The water had suddenly rushed

in.

THE oscillator squealed, and men stirred restlessly and
took a new animated interest in conversation. The
Algonquin said the downhaul cable had been secured, and
the bell would soon be on its way down.

  There was a destroyer—the Meade—standing by, and
others were coming to the scene. The Meade was wait-
ing to rush the injured to port for hospitalization.

  “Boy!” muttered a sailor in the dark, after this intel-
ligence had been imparted. “Why didn’t I bust a leg, or
something?”

  “They can leave me off at the dock,” another said. “I
don’t need any castor oil or iodine; I need about six
straight shots of liquor. Am I going to make a speed run
when I hit the beach!”

  It was rough, up there, the Algonquin added, and a new
tenseness stifled the conversation almost as soon as it had

begun. The men sat silent and motionless in the dark.

“What if they can’t make it?” Thorpe’s voice quavered.
“I want out of here! I can’t stand it. It’s like a—like a

coffin!”

   “Take it easy, kid,” somebody said gruffly.

   Nobody blamed him. The truth was, Mike Way thought,
that everybody was really scared to death. An older man
just knew how to tie down his fear and keep it in check.

   Brill coughed, and said, “The injured will go first. That
means Lieutenant McQuaid, Cardoni, Way—and who’s
(that with a cut on his cheek? Kowalski. And Thorpe, and
Melhorne and Mr. Bedell. That’s seven. Then in alpha-
betical order. You, Adams.”-
Adams, a salty first-class torpedoman, was holding a
three-inch brass cartridge case. It was weighted with bab-
bit, and wired for a table lamp, with anchors and other
decorations hammered into it.

   He growled, “Hell, Captain, sir, I can wait,” and hugged
the lamp to him.

   “You ought to go, Captain,” James said. The executive
officer was calm, and assured. “Let me take over, sir.
That cough—”

   “It’s my privilege to stay until the last,” Brill said. He
spoke simply, in a voice too tired to carry any note of
heroics.

   Mike Way raised on an elbow. “Captain,” he pleaded,
“you may not be hurt, but you’re sick. Do what Lieuten-
ant James says, sir! ”

“That’ll do, Chief,” the skipper called back, recogniz-
ing Way’s voice. “You heard what I said. It’s an order.”
Adams chuckled dryly. “I’d hate to get a general court
for mutiny on the bottom of the high seas. But, Captain,
you ought to go!”

TT WAS a long while before the nine-ton rescue cham-
ber came to a jarring rest on the hull of the Starfish.
And it seemed even longer, after that, before the ballast
tanks had been filled and the water was blown out of the
bell’s lower compartment.

   The men in the torpedo room grew restive, hearing the
rescue bell crew working to secure the tie rods and open
the hatch.

   Then, quite suddenly, those below heard the hatch break
its seal. There was a crack of light. It widened into a
glow, and the air which flowed into the submarine was
fresh and sweet by comparison. The hatch was open.

  Men moved forward, not in any stampede toward es-
cape, but impelled by the desire to look into the light—
to see beyond the curving steel that imprisoned them, and
to breathe the compressed air that came from the surface.

   “Hi, men! ” yelled the dungareed sailor who peered down
at them. “Who’s going for“the first ride?”

  Lieutenant James exclaimed: “What happened to the
captain? Bear a hand here, you men!”

   Mike Way looked. Lieutenant Brill was slumped against
the oxygen tank. And his chin was skinned.

   “What the hell are you looking at me for, Chief?” de-
manded Adams guiltily. “I guess the captain must have
fallen over something in the dark!”

   James grunted. “I guess he did, Adams,” he said dryly.
“Especially since he’s sitting right where he was. Well, he
goes up; he’s a casualty, now. Bring McQuaid forward.”
Mike Way swung his feet into the dirty water that cov-
ered the after portion of the deck. “Help me here, Car-
doni,” he said. “And you, Kowalski.”
10

ARGOSY

  “I got a busted arm,” Cardoni reminded him sullenly.
“And I wouldn’t help lift him out of Hell.”

  “Stow that sort of talk!” Lieutenant James warned
sharply. “Give the chief a hand, there, Stevens.”

  They carried McQuaid forward, and hoisted him up the
ladder. Mike Way couldn’t lift much, because of his in-
jured ribs. He turned his attention to the skipper.

  When he put his good arm around Everett Brill’s inert
body, he felt something hard. A bottle. It was in the
pocket of the skipper’s dungaree jumper, and now that
fresh air had diluted the mixture of smells in this compart-
ment where men sweated despite the cold, he could dis-
tinguish the odor of alcohol.

  Mike Way slipped the bottle from Brill’s pocket with-
out anyone’s seeing, and dropped it behind the rack of
torpedoes at his side. He was remembering that time in
the Bolton, when Brill faced a court martial accused of
being drunk aboard ship.

  They carried the skipper up the ladder. He was one
of the first, and not the last to leave the ship he had com-
manded and lost.

  Mike Way was the eighth man. He was on the ladder
when the chief yeoman handed him the log of the Starfish
—a new book, and already closed.

  “Better take this with the skipper,” the yeoman said.

  Mike Way found a seat on the circular bench under the
dome of the rescue bell. One of its two-man crew was
down in the lower compartment; he closed the hatch cover
on men who looked longingly on the light and still managed
to smile.

  “Shake it up, you guys!” somebody yelled from below.
“Make your regular trip and return, cox’n!”

THEN compressed air rumbled the water out of the bal-
last tanks and into the lower compartment. The rescue
bell broke its seal on the Starfish’s hull; it lurched, and
started upward. The compressed air motor was put in
reverse to act as a brake against the bell’s buoyancy.

  Lieutenant McQuaid, held propped on the seat between
Foster Bedell and Victor Melhorne, muttered: . smell
it plain ... I know that smell! My head ... oh, don’t—
don’t!”

  They were'nearly to the heaving surface when it hap-
pened.

  None of the rescued men knew exactly what had oc-
curred, but there was a sickening, sidewise lurch as the
swells took hold, and a thumping, rattling noise began
under the wheel-locked hatch that covered the water-filled
lower compartment where the downhaul cable was unwind-
ing from its winch.

  The sailor operating the compressed air engine yelled
sharply, “Watch your heads!” and everybody lifted off the
seat a few inches, and fell back, feeling the bell rocking
slightly.

  It was like riding an express elevator until it strikes
the safety cushion at the top of the shaft.

  Mike Way realized they had stopped. They were on
the surface.

  “Jeez!” the engineer exclaimed. “Lucky—you eight
guys are sure lucky! That downhaul cable’s carried away.
It’s a good thing we didn’t come up under the ship.”

  Mike Way said, “Somebody will have to make that dive
again!” and wished his ribs had not been hurt. The sailor
nodded.

  The bell swayed as the hoisting cable attached to the

Algonquin’s boom took up the slack, and there was the
welcome sound of feet on the topside of the rescue cham-
ber.

  The upper hatch opened.

  Nobody in the bell had ever seen a sky half so blue, or ,
tasted air so heavenly sweet as this. When a man climbed
out, the wide horizons looked limitless after those crowding
steel bulkheads.

  There was room here. Room to move in, room to live

 in.

 CHAPTER III

 STAND BY FOR SURGERY

\ DMIRAL WETHERBEE fidgeted in his bed in Sick
Officers’ Quarters at the naval hospital. This was like
being in drydock; it was no place for a man who had spent
more than forty years at sea.	-

 He was getting damned tired of being cooped up.

  The admiral was an old man, and gaunt, but there were
evidences that his age was mostly external—except for a
brittleness of bones—just as a ship shows the years by a
wearing of decks and companionways, and a mellowness
of her woodwork.

  The admiral’s eyes were as blue as the sea that had
been his life, and they could be as dark as storm clouds
or as bright as sun-sparkled swells.

 He still had a voice meant to be lifted against a gale.

  His eyes were dark, now, as he morosely regarded his
starboard leg. It was bulkily encased in plaster, and
hoisted by a complicated arrangement of tackle and pulleys
at an angle the admiral estimated was just short of forty-
five degrees.	i

  No seaman, the admiral swore, could have devised such
gear. Irish pennants stuck out like sore thumbs in places
where the line had been knotted. Not spliced, damn their
lubberly ways, but knotted!

  The admiral would have liked to give this modern, soda-
fountain Navy a few lessons in marlinspike seamanship.

  He wanted something to read. Particularly, he wanted
the afternoon papers, which should contain something new
about the rescue of the men in the Starfish.

  But he disliked appearing to be testy; the nurse or a
hospital corpsman would bring him the papers, he thought,
as soon as they had arrived.

  He picked up Mahan’s Influence of Sea Power upon
History, and sighed because he knew it by heart and be-
cause he’d probably never go to sea again.

  He dropped Mahan on the deck by his bed, and fol-
lowed it with the latest issue of U. S. Naval Institute Pro-
ceedings.

  There was a third book on his bedside table. He opened
it and scanned its pages.

  It was a Navy deck log, and fairly new, with only a
score of its pages filled. The writing was a neat and pre-
cise script which neither hesitated nor grew bold.

  It was typical of the man. Nobody needed be a chirog-
rapher to see that Admiral Wetherbee’s penmanship de-
noted, an alert and orderly mind, with a passion for detail
and method where they were required.

  The writing was small, like the ship models he made
at home. / Of all the ships the admiral had sailed in, only
his last—the flagship of the submarine force—was not yet
represented on his mantel.
MURDER GOES TO SEA

11

 And the flagship itself had been half done when the
 admiral slipped at the top of his cellar workshop steps.

 That mishap was duly recorded here in the log, but
 Admiral Wetherbee would not have been guilty of re-
 ferring to the cellar steps as such. The manner in which
 he adhered to nautical nomenclature may be gauged by a
 perusal of the full entry for that day:

    Anchored as before. 0915 Mustered crew on sta-
 tions. No absentees. Made daily inspection of gal-
 ley. LANIGAN, Bridget, ship’s cook, warned to keep
 supply of turkey legs in icebox.

     1100 Made all preparations for getting under way
 via automobile for provisions. 1100 Got under way.
 Standard speed (30 knots) on course 170 True.

    At 1114, changed course to avoid heavy truck
 crossing bow. 1121 Moored port side of Main Street.

     1150 Got under way for return to base. . .

    1314 Admiral J. K. WETHERBEE, U.S.N., Ret’d.,

 (Commanding) suffered a fracture of the right
 leg when he fell down the after hatch. . . .

    1430 Pursuant to the recommendation of Comdr.

 L. M. PHELPS (M.C.) U.S.N., Admiral Wetherbee
 was transferred to the naval hospital.	'

 THE admiral’s shaggy brows pulled together in a fierce
 quarterdeck frown as he noted the date on that en-
 try. More than twenty days. Bones knit slowly, at
 seventy.

 And twenty days in drydock was a long time—especially
 to a man who never slept more than three or four hours
 at night.

 It was time for those afternoon papers. The admiral
 reached for his buzzer.

 The nurse who answered was tall, and no costume would
 have been severe enough to conceal entirely the fact that
 she was pretty. He glared at her with mock severity.

 “Yes, Admiral?” she said in a soft, well-controlled voice.
 There was no hint of strain in it, or in her face, but the
 admiral knew she hadn’t slept the night before.

 His glare was tempered by a light of pride: Evelyn
 Brill was Navy, clear through.

 “What the devil are you doing on duty?” he demanded.
 “Didn’t I tell you to get some rest? What good does your
 being on watch do?”

 “I feel better, carrying on. This is my last day in

 S.O.Q., though; I’m issigned to surgery, starting tomor-
 row. Unsterile nurse, at first.”

 “Humph!” grunted the admiral, and regarded her for
 a space. “Then I’ll have to quarrel with somebody else.
 Unless I go to sea—Oh, you needn’t look at me like thatl
 I may fool you. And don’t twist those newspapers to
 pieces Evelyn. Any news?”

 “He’s safe,” said the daughter of Lieutenant Brill.
 “They brought him up on the bell’s first trip.”

 Admiral Wetherbee’s shaggy brows lifted slightly, but
 he tried to cover his thoughts. He said, “Well, thank
 God for that!” and smoothed out the papers.

 A big headline shouted:

   FIRST EIGHT RESCUED FROM SUB;

SALVAGE CABLE BREAKS!

 “That means,” the girl said calmly enough, “that he’s
 hurt.”

  “Not necessarily,” the admiral put in hastily. “There
could be other reasons.”

  “To make him leave his ship? No. But I’m not afraid
of the injuries. I have a feeling he may be blamed—offi-
cially—for the loss of the Starfish.”

  Admiral Wetherbee rustled the newspaper, and hid be-
hind it. “Nonsense!” he growled. “Nothing to blame on
him. I know submarines. They can be treacherous craft
in more ways than one.”

  But he understood what the loss of his command could
do to Everett Brill II. He had known. Captain Everett
Brill I, and he had dandled this girl on his knee when
she was a baby.

  He could remember when he was commandant of the
Academy, and young Everett Brill II was bilged out of the
school.

  Twenty years, now, the admiral had been ,interested in
Brill’s naval career. Telling himself that if a man were
really Navy, he’d wind up with plenty gold on his sleeves,
whether he wore an Academy ring or not. . . .

  “The Meade is standing in,” Evelyn said. “They’ll be
here, pretty soon.”

rpHE door opened. It was Dr. Vincent Ayres—he was a
medical corps lieutenant—who respectfully awaited
the admiral’s acknowledgment of his presence.

  He was young and blond, with a long face that was
both serious and sensitive and made him look older.

  He wore gold-rimmed glasses that somehow managed
always to stay crystal clear, and his eyes were cool blue
crystal beyond them.

  Eyes and glasses summed up the man’s clear-headed,
alert dependability.

  He smiled at Evelyn. Just three nights before, they’d
gone dancing. Off duty, it was “Evelyn” and “Vince”,
and more than once in the past few weeks, she had had
to remind herself that a Navy nurse had no business fall-
ing in love.

  You couldn’t get married and stay in the Navy nurse
corps.

  “Well, doctor?” Admiral Wetherbee grumbled. “I sup-
pose you’ve come to tell me my request has been disap-
proved. I have a friend or two in the Bureau, and damn
them—”

  “No, sir,” Vince Ayres said. “I don’t believe it’s been
heard from. I came here after Miss Brill. I happen to
have the duty tonight, and there’s to be an emergency
surgical case.”

  Evelyn looked up with quick intuition. “From the
Starfish?”

  He nodded. “We don’t know who it is. Cranial in-
juries. Miss Welton’s ashore. Could you—”

  “I’ll stand by, of course.”

  “Good girl! It’ll be a few minutes, yet. I wouldn’t
worry.”

  He left to get ready for the operation. It was fortu-
nate, Evelyn thought, that Vince Ayres had the watch;
he was accounted the best surgeon on the station in cra-
nial cases.

  The admiral knew this. “Good thing he’s here,” he
grunted. “Keep your chin up, young lady.”

  Neither the admiral nor Evelyn Brill could know any
inkling of what was to happen that night. When the girl
had gone, the old sea dog reached for his fountain pen
and made an entry in his log.
12

ARGOSY

 Long habit ruled him; wherever he might be, the log
 was written as if he were in command:

1630 Word passed for surgery crew to lay to their

station. BRILL, Evelyn, N.N.C., standing by despite

anxiety.	s

CHAPTER IV

IN THIS LIFE IS DEATH

 T^HE ambulances had not arrived. There was a minute
 •*- before the emergency; before the surgery lights ham-
 mered a cruel glitter from scalpels and haemostats and
 retractors.

 Evelyn Brill leaned on the balcony railing, trying not
 'to think.

 She looked down over the drop of the rolling hills with
 their tall eucalyptus trees, down over the sun-gleamed
 stucco of the quiet town, and out to the blue Pacific.

 A wind was blowing, and she knew the sea ran high;
 but from this distance it looked soft and kind with islands
 far out yonder like storm clouds melting into the water’s
 rim.

 The silver sliver of a destroyer moved along the bay.
 The sun was low but its red glint caught Navy wings high
 aloft, and a drone came to Evelyn’s ears as if riding that
 flash of light.

She could hear a radio playing softly in one of the wards.

 She prayed silently. Dear God, don’t let it be Dad who
 is hurt! Don’t let them blame him, this time. . . .

 And she remembered with a sudden shame that there
 were still men on the sea’s bottom, out yonder.

 She saw a heavy, important-looking man in civilian
 clothes pacing the sidewalk before the administration
 building, which was centered on the west side of the gar-
 dened quadrangle; there was nervousness in each of his
 jerky, indecisive strides.

 Then the first ambulance growled into the driveway at
 the quadrangle’s far end, and glided swiftly around toward
 the surgery building with a short, warning roll of its
 siren.

 The other was close behind. Men wearing dungarees
 climbed out. One had his arm in a sling; another was
 limping. She saw a slender, dark-faced man in a gray
 suit—one of the two civilians who had been in the Starfish
 and then white-clad hospital corpsmen came on the run
 to lift out a stretcher.

 Panic seized the girl briefly. She couldn’t bear to look
 on this: it might be her father. She turned her back on
 the green-lawned beauty of the quadrangle, on sunshine
 and fresh air.

 She went slowly into the hall of the surgery.

 If Evelyn Brill had not been born a girl, Navy records
 would have contained the name of Ensign Everett Brill
 III, by now. Or, failing-Annapolis as her father and many
 another good man had failed it, Seaman Everett Brill,,
 working up from the ranks.

 She knew little of that civilian world the Navy pityingly
 calls the Outside.

 Her earliest remembering had been of gray ships stand-
 ing in and standing out; of a jumbled never-ending suc-
 cession of greetings and goodbyes on Navy landings, where
 mist swirled and foghorns blatted and sailors wearing leg-
 gins and duty belts shouted a ship’s name every time a
 boat bell clanged.

  Transfers: the tropics to Boston, San Pedro to Norfolk,
Seattle to Pearl Harbor. Catch a transport. Sell the fur-
niture. Drive to Philadelphia—and don’t forget to change
the oil in Kansas City....

  That was the Navy, and the Blue and Gold, so far as
a woman was concerned. That was why, perhaps, Evelyn
Brill was wary of falling in love with a Navy man.

  A Navy doctor stood by when she was born. Everett
Brill I—a commander, then—paced the deck of the hos-
pital waiting room. His son paced the deck of a war-
ship half a world away.

  And the commander assured Myra Brill that her hus-
band’s presence was entirely unnecessary.

  “Hell, Myra,” he told her bluffly, “just because a man’s
needed when a keel is laid is no sign he has to be on
hand at the launching. I’ll send him a radio the minute
the boy’s born.”

T^HERE is only one way in which a girl who has be-
•* trayed several generations—by being bom a girl—can
join the Navy. That is to become a Navy nurse.

  Which is why Evelyn Brill was here, one of three hun-
dred and twenty picked women, scattered from Portsmouth
to the Philippines.

  Some of them were young and pretty, like Evelyn; but
the Navy didn’t tell them so. The Navy told them things
like: “The waist, at the neck, must open not lower than
two and a half inches from the interclavicular notch. . . .
Sachet powder, perfume,... any unguent having noticeable
odor ... are prohibited. . . .”

  Evelyn Brill was loveliness wrapped in plain white
drill.

  There was seldom anyone to exclaim over the discovery
that her cool, impersonally efficient gray eyes could be
strangely soft and warm; there were few opportunities for
anybody to marvel at the shimmer of candlelight im-
prisoned by the changing copper tints of her hair.

  But over in S.O.Q., the old man whose sea-blue eyes
seldom missed anything was indulging in one of his rare
lapses when he permitted purely personal speculations to
enter into his log. He frowned at the door for a while,
and then wrote:

    BRILL, Evelyn, deserves citation at meritorious
  mast. Romance? 1630, while word for surgery detail
  was being passed, sighted flashing light in eyes of
  Lieut. Vincent AYRES (M.C.) U.S.N. What’s hold-
  ing him back?	*

  It might be stated that there were some who considered
that the admiral who kept a log had missed too many
transports on the China station, which was the Navy way
of intimating that his mind was not sound.

  But Vince Ayres, who was somewhat of a brain special-
ist and knew psychiatry, would have disputed this.

"17TNCE AYRES shucked his uniform, and appeared in
” the hallway of the surgery in white cotton pajamas.
He saw Evelyn opening the linen locker to get her cap
and gown, and started her way, taking a last few drags on
a cigarette.

  A stout, white-haired man puffed in from the stairway,
perspiring and twisting a felt hat in his soft, well-kept
hands. He halted, blinking in the dimness.

  “Is this—will they be brought here? Him, I mean?”
Evelyn glanced at Vince Ayres. “One, I believe,’* she
said. “The—the one with the skull injury.”
MURDER GOES TO SEA

13

  “That’s the one!” the man said. “McQuaid. The en-
gineer officer. I’ve got to talk to him—I’ve got to find out
what happened! I’m Martin West. .1 built that sub-
marine!”	I
The elevator was whining up. Vince Ayres saw the
girl close her eyes for a thankful space, and he moved
quickly to her side. But she wasn’t the fainting kind.

  He turned to Martin West; but before he could ad-
dress the shipbuilder, a girl in a fur coat appeared from
the balcony door.

  She was dark and attractive; Vince got the immediate
impression that no expense had been spared in smart
shops and beauty parlors to make her so.

  “Father!” she exclaimed. “You can’t stay here. They’ve
asked us to wait in the reception room at Sick Officers’
Quarters. The men are being brought there.”

  West said, hoarsely: “I’ve got to find out, before Pacific
Maritime gets that contract away from me.” But he went
with the girl; and the elevator reached the floor, opening
with a clatter.

  Vince Ayres and Evelyn stood against the wall to let
the stretcher pass into the anesthetizing room. Vince
looked thoughtfully after the girl.

  “Barbara West,” he said. “I’ve seen her photo in the
society sections. Going to be married, isn’t she?”

  “I don’t know,” Evelyn said, and the doctor turned to
face her.

  “Evelyn, I should have called on somebody else; I
thought you’d be under less strain, working. They’ll
probably put those men to bed at once, and allow nobody
to see them, unless they got some rest on the destroyer.
And—well, I wanted to work with you,”

  “I’m all right,” Evelyn said, and managed a smile. “You’d
better run along and get scrubbed up.”

  Dr. Brown, an older man and a lieutenant commander,
hurried in to be Vince’s assistant. A clatter of basins came
from the surgery, where Miss Snyder had taken over as
sterile nurse. And Mike Way came up the stairs.

mighty fast by the stern. Some loose gear carried away,
and men were sliding all over the control room.

  “I brought up against something, and there was a whole
pile of us at the galley door—the door leading aft to the
engine room.

  “Water started coming through there, and three men
got out. McQuaid was one of them. He’s the one who
had the—nerve—to shut that door and dog it down.”

  His grin was gone, and remembered horror twisted his
mouth. Evelyn laid her hand on his arm.

  “Don’t talk about it, now,” she begged. “You go and
turn in. Tell Dad I’ll see him after he catches up on some
rest.”

  The hospital corpsmen wheeled McQuaid past; it didn’t
take much ether to anesthetize a man who was already
unconscious. Evelyn Brill went in the wake of the wheeled
stretcher, remembering what Mike Way had said.

  Only McQuaid might know what had happened ^to
send the Starfish so quickly to her doom.

CHE opened a swinging door, and the breath of the oper-
^ ating room struck her sharply, like a blow across the
face with an ether-saturated sponge.

  Moisture clung to the tiled walls as if they sweated in
agony; the walls imprisoned a remoteness from all things
natural: sunshine and laughter, the wind’s whisper and
the perfume of flowers, the feel of turf underfoot and the
music in the sea’s rolling.

  The operating room was a little world in itself, where
science took over when nature failed. It was a world of
travail and hope, of mercy and tragedy, of drugged slum-
ber and pain.

  Steam feathered from the bright chrome sterilizers and
mushroomed against the drab leaded skylight. Incan-
descents beat down with inflexible brilliance; there were
no shadows anywhere, and no coolness.

  Over all, the smells lay heavily: a miasma of carbolic
acid, ether and iodine, steam-burned muslin, steam-baked
rubber, alcohol’s sharpness and tincture of green soap.

  Hospital corpsmen were lifting McQuaid to the table.
He was under the anesthetic, his blue lips fluttering with
each labored exhalation. The anesthetist lifted his ether
cone and pinched the lobe of McQuaid’s ear, watching
how quickly the color returned.

  “That pigboat must have hit something hard,” he said.
“Hard enough to throw a man down and fracture his
skull.”

  Another corpsman grunted. “It didn’t happen that way.
I talked to a couple of them guys.

  “You see that one with a busted arm? They said he
took a poke at this officer. The lieutenant dogged down
that door, and this sailor’s brother was behind it.

  “I’d hate to be that pigboat sailor. You take a poke at
any officer in this man’s Navy, you’re asking for a general
court if he wants to make something of it.”

TT'VELYN moved a basin nearer the table, and busied
herself with the sheet that covered McQuaid. Her
cheeks were burning; there was a hint of trouble here.
Trouble for Everett Brill.

  And the garrulous corpsman’s next words were worse.
He went on: “What’s more, one of them guys told me
that this lieutenant called the skipper down about drink-
ing. There’ll sure be a stink raised if this officer pulls
through, all—”

HE WAS in dungarees, his chief petty officer’s cap set
rakishly over a smudged forehead. Evelyn exclaimed,
“Chief Way! I’m glad to see you again! ”

  The big diver grinned. “I’m glad to be here, Miss Brill.
Your—the skipper sent me up to report. He—”

  Evelyn drew a quick breath. “Is he badly hurt? Where
is he?”

  “They’re turning us all in at S.O.Q. for tonight, and
he’s not hurt. He’s got a bad cough, and looks to me like
maybe he had some fever, though. Of course the skipper
is kind of dazed, and shocked. You know.”

  He gestured, and Evelyn knew. But there was some-
thing else she had to find out, as quickly as possible.

  “Was it anybody’s fault, Chief? Will they try to blame
Dad, .this time?”

  The big man’s eyes flicked away for a fraction of a
second, then mei hers honestly. “I don’t think so, Miss
Brill. It wasn’t his fault; I’d swear to that. Somebody
may try to lay it onto him, but if they do, it won’t stick.

  “You see, nobody knows yet exactly what happened.
Unless it’s the lieutenant in there—McQuaid.”

  He jerked his chin toward the anesthetizing room, and
she thought his eyes hardened. She noticed he was hold-
ing one hand across his ribs after climbing the stairs.
“You’re hurt!” she said.

  “Just a bruise.” He grinned. “The ship went down
14

ARGOSY

  “Hey, pipe down!” the anesthetist growled, with a
quick glance toward Evelyn. Vince Ayres and Dr. Brown
came in just then; and Miss Snyder, her apple-cheeked
face half covered by the gauze mask, lifted a tray of in-
struments to the sterile table.

  Vince Ayres’ eyes smiled at Evelyn. “First case in
surgery, eh, Miss Brill?” he asked, and chuckled. “The
admiral will miss you. Do you know what he meant when
he spoke of that request?”

  Evelyn shook her head. “No. But he’s an old darling.
I’ll miss him, ton.”

  “We all may,” said Vince Ayres. “He’s such a con-
firmed old sea dog he’s requested—demanded would be
a better word—transfer to the Consolation. He says if
he’s got to be laid up, he might as well be laid up on a
hospital ship—at sea, where a man belongs.”

  The doctor chuckled again, and then bent to his task.
In an instant he seemed transformed into a stranger to
Evelyn Brill; a cool, efficient stranger with marvelously
skillful hands.

  And watching him, remembering the look in Mike Way’s
eyes and the thing the hospital corpsman had just said,
she knew, for an instant, a guilty feeling.

  It was almost a wish that Lieutenant McQuaid would
never recover consciousness.

                                                   /.

CHAPTER V

MIDWATCH MURDER

IT was an hour before the doors swung open again. Mc-
Quaid, wrapped in white blankets, was wheeled toward

S.O.Q.

  Vince Ayres peeled off his gloves and threw them on the
sponge-littered deck. He went into the hall with Evelyn,
breathing deeply of the purer air, and they saw Martin
West pacing the corridor.

  The other two civilians were with him, now. West, still
perspiring, caught at Vince Ayres’ arm.

  “He’ll live,” Vince said.

  “Thank God!” West cried. “You hear that, Victor?
Thank God for one more saved! Oh, doctor—this is Mr.
Melhorne, my chief engineer. And Mr. Bedell, the de-
signer of our submarines.”

  “You were both aboard the Starfish, weren’t you?”
Vince Ayres asked in surprise. “You certainly ought to be
in bed!”

  The stocky Melhorne’s mouth tightened. “I couldn’t
sleep,” he said, and his pale eyes seemed to see things
beyond the white plaster wall. “Not—not while those
boys are still down there.”

  “They aren’t out yet?” Evelyn asked.

  “No, not yet,” Melhorne answered. And Foster Bedell
pushed his shoulders wearily away from the wall. The
lines in his unshaven face seemed growing deeper.

  “The divers are still having trouble,” he said. “Heavy
seas. But they’ll all be saved. When could we talk to
McQuaid, doctor?”

  “I don’t know that,” Vince Ayres replied. “But not
soon. He may not regain consciousness the minute the
anesthetic wears off. There was pressure on the brain. It
may take time.”

  Martin West turned jerkily. “Let’s wait in the reception
room, then. I want some more coffee.”

Evelyn Brill got her uniform cape from the locker. It

was blue, and lined with scarlet, and she didn’t know how
well it went with her coloring.

  Vince Ayres studied her while he got a cigarette and
lighted it.

  “It’d take more than coffee for me!” he said slowly.
“I’d hate to feel responsible for having built that ship.
And I’d hate to be worrying about a contract before those
boys have been rescued. . . . Evelyn, you must be fagged.
You’d better turn in. Doctor’s orders!”

  She smiled faintly. The sun was down, and a chill had
come in from the sea. She threw the cape around her
shoulders, and shook her head.

  “But I haven’t seen Dad, yet, Vince. And if I might,
I’d like to stand by Lieutenant McQuaid’s quiet room.
Please, Vince—there’s a reason! I’d like to hear anything
he says, conscious or not.”

  Vince’s clear eyes studied her for a moment, then he
patted her arm.

   “I understand,” he said. “I’ll wait there with you. You
run on over, and I’ll be along just as soon as I shower
and dress and make the rounds of the wards.”

T'iARKNESS had fallen, but only a couple of table lamps
burned in the big lounge that opened on the corridor
of Sick Officers’ Quarters.

/ Evelyn Brill entered the dimness, and heard Mike Way
say, “Here she is, sir!” And there was a stir, then, of men
leaving to give her and Lieutenant Brill a moment alone.

   She saw that rank had been forgotten temporarily, and
that restrictions on visiting hours had been let down. All
seven of the survivors who were able to walk had been
billeted here, and Martin West was going out the door
with his daughter.

   Evelyn could look around the room and sense the lone-
liness that had filled it; the men had been sitting in a
tight little group around coffee tables that were littered
with cups and ash trays.	x

  For the time being, she knew, all others—even Navy
people—were outsiders. And it came to her quickly that
there might be something significant in the fact that these
men all had been kept together.

   The Navy wanted no false rumors to get out' concerning
sabotage—or anything else . . .

  Her father rose from a leather-upholstered davenport.
He wore pajamas and a dressing gown, like the rest; she
could see the strain in his face, and his eyes were too
bright. Fever as Mike Way had said.

   They stood for a space, wordless. Brill’s eyes were those
of a man looking on something which is beautiful—some-
thing he had never expected to see again.

  Admiral Wetherbee’s booming voice drifted down the
corridor to break the silence. “But damn it all, that’s
what hospital ships are for! And the sea’s good for a
man—”

A DOOR closed, smothering the voice. Lieutenant Brill
caught his daughter fiercely in his arms, but she could
feel, in that close motnent, that he was stunned and be-
wildered, with all the strength gone out of him.

   He held her at arm’s length, and his palms were hot to
her shoulders. She thought, He’s aged ten ye'ars!

  “Sit down, Dad.” She wanted to cry, but the Navy
doesn’t do that. “You ought to be in bed. Mike Way
is right. You’re ill!”

   He coughed. “I’ve got a little bronchitis. Nothing to
MURDER GOES TO SEA

IS

worry about. Had it before we went out, but the schedule
was all laid out, and—Evelyn, I ought to be out there now!

  “Damn them, I belong with my ship! If I ever find
the man who hit me in the dark, I’ll have him court-
martialed.”

  “Sit down,” she said, and pushed him to the davenport.
“Nobody will blame you for coming up, Dad. And if a
man hit you, it was because he loved you. The whole
crew loved you.”

  “Loved me?” Brill’s voice mocked the words. “Not all
of them, Evelyn. Not McQuaid, in yonder. If McQuaid
goes before the inquiry, he’ll testify that I was drunk.”
“He couldn’t!"

  He stared into her tense face, and his eyes were bleak, as
if he did not see her. '

  “Oh, yes, he could! I read rocks and shoals to him last
week, and he’s been nursing a grudge. Once in a while,
you find an Academy man who resents a mustang’s being
in command. Oh, they’re very few, but there are some.

  “McQuaid will make a good officer, in time. He just
got his jaygee rank, and he’s been a battleship sailor; he’s
been used to more military ways.

  “You know as well as I that those things don’t go on a
pigboat, where you live so close to your men. You—”
“You hadn’t been drinking,” Evelyn said.

  It wasn’t a question, but a simple statement of faith.
Brill recognized it as such.

  “No, of course not. I wouldn’t be so big a fool.”

  The others were coming back, driven by their lonely
unrest. Evelyn' patted her father’s hand. “Don’t worry,”
she whispered. “McQuaid will probably have forgotten the
incident. It seems everybody’s depending on him to tell
them what happened.”

  “Maybe he can,” Brill said. “Those other two men
were in the galley, and McQuaid was the only one out of
the engineroom itself. Otherwise, we won’t know until
the ship’s raised.

  “All I can say is, it was quick and violent. Water
must have come in by tons.”

MIKE WAY approached the davenport, standing re-
spectfully and looking down at his skipper. “Still
too rough, sir,” he said savagely. “I wish I was out there;
I wish I could dive!”

^ The little group sat down. The silence was a brooding,
prowling thing that taxed the nerves. A pharmacist’s mate
came from the hall, carrying an ice cap. McQuaid’s ice
cap. All eyes turned to him.

  Martin West puHed himself from the edge of his chair.
“Is he conscious? Can he talk?”

  His voice was excited.

  “He’s delirious,” the corpsman said. “Now and then
he mumbles something about a smell. The ether, I guess.”
West sank back, and the corpsman went into the diet
kitchen. They heard-him pounding ice for the ice cap.
The blows echoed hollowly in the silence, and then Car-
doni’s bitter voice said, “I hope he never comes to! He
could have let my brother out of there. He—”

  “Pipe down!” snapped Mike Way. Everett Brill drew
a deep breath, and went into a fit of coughing.

“I won’t get over the tragedy of those men,” West said
shakily. “But I’ve got the contract to worry about, too.
Six ships on the ways right now,,and thirteen to lay down.
“If the Starfish had a structural weakness, I’ve got to

know what it was. The government might cancel that
contract, and my competitor—”

  “Oh, the hell with your damned contract!” Brill shout-
ed. “There are still men down in that ship!”

  “I’m sorry, Captain,” West muttered. “I haven’t for-
gotten them.”

  Evelyn looked down the long hall and saw Vince Ayres
come in from the balcony, making his rounds. He stopped
to consult Miss Wilkins—she was the S.O.Q. night nurse
—in her little office at the far end, and then he came to
the reception room.

  “This won’t do, men,” he said quietly. “You’re all
patients, except Mr. West. Turn in, now. I promise to
relay you any news as quickly as it comes. Mr. West, you
and Miss West are at liberty to remain here, under the
circumstances. But I’d advise a hotel.”

  “I’d rather stay,” West said. Everett Brill rose heavily.
“All right, men,” he said. “Break it up.” He kissed Eve-
lyn’s cheek, and Mike Way grinned at her as he passed,
pushing his square jaw upward in a gesture that meant
for her to keep her chin high.

  It also meant, she reflected, that he understood her
father’s worries.

  The men followed their skipper out. Their faces were
weary, and they talked in murmurs.

  Vince drew Evelyn aside. “I’ll have to back down on
that permission for you to sit out a watch or two over
McQuaid,” he said grimly. “You’ve got things to do.
You’re shoving off for sea at dawn.”

  “For sea?” she echoed. “You’re joking!”

  “No, I’m not. The Consolation has been ordered to the
scene, with some extra nurses and doctors and corpsmen.
It’s going to be a tough rescue job; we’ll probably have
a ward full of divers with the bends, and when those
other men are brought up, they’ll need immediate hospital-
ization.”

  Evelyn put hands to her temples to press out a thought.
Just when her father needed her most . . .

  “I’m going too.” Vince Ayres smiled, squeezing her
arm. “You’d better pack a bag, and get some sleep.”

TT was midnight before she had done with packing crisp
white uniforms into the bag at her room in nurses’
quarters. Across the hall, Mae Kennedy was doing the
same thing. Four nurses were going, Mae had said.

  This was the Navy. Here today and gone tomorrow.
As her father had been gone when Myra Brill needed him.
Under any other circumstances, Evelyn would have wel-
comed sea duty.

  The telephone startled her. She thought, Another,Emer-
gency! and then knew that Vince Ayres would have called
on somebody else in that event. Perhaps it was good
news, instead; perhaps Vince had word that the rest of
the Starfish’s crew had been rescued, and that the Conso-
lation’s orders had been revoked.

  She lifted the receiver. It was Vince, all right, but his
usually cool voice sounded tense.

  “Evelyn? Don’t be alarmed. Your father is quite all
right. It’s McQuaid.”

  Evelyn caught her breath. “He’s dead!” she said with
a sudden prescience. “Vince—he’s dead!”

  “Come over to S.O.Q. at once,” Vince Ayres said. “He
didn’t just—just die, Evelyn. He was murdered; clubbed
to death in his bed!”

(To Be Continued Next Week)
 His Honor Is Missing

Over a floodtide darker and more terrible than the River Styx, ferried by a babbling
broken-down Charon, two young people sought a fabulous diamond—and the key to
a seventy-year-old mystery. What they found was the gateway to madness

 By Theodore Roscoe

Author of "The Little Doll Died,” "Speak for Yourself .John Quincy,” etc.

CHAPTER 1

LONG LIVE THE CORPSE 1

THIS is the mystery story of a mayor who committed
suicide and then, after he was buried and the grave-
diggers went home, the insurance companies said it
wasn’t the mayor at all; that some stooge had been buried
in the mayor’s place.

  And the question then, naturally, was where was the
mayor? Whose funeral was it? Good citizens wondered
if His Honor was so honorable after all.

  How could the mayor of an American city disappear?
Why? Was it kidnaping—a traction scandal—politics—
an insurance gag—a case of cherchez la jemme?

  Politicians usually go to their own funerals. Did the
foul hand of murder clutch shadowy fingers around City
Hall?

  Folks are still asking those questions about this famous
case and if you want to know the answers you must look
for them, as Edith Johnwell did, in Binghamton, New
York.

  Yes, it happened in Binghamton, where the Susque-
hanna flows with deceptive placidity through verdant hills
and fertile farmlands.

  But then if things happened in places where you ex-
pected them to, why there wouldn’t be any mystery stories
like this one. Pretty girls like Edith Johnwell wouldn’t
be going to towns like Binghamton asking questions about
the strange case of Colonel Dwight.

ii'C'DITH!” I cried. “What in the world are you doing

  •*~J here?” . . . She was sitting in one of those travel-
ing-salesman leather lounge chairs in the lobby of that
Binghamton hotel that looks like a railway station, search-
ing for something in her handbag.

  I was delighted to see her there. Edith Johnwell was
always decorative, and it had otherwise looked like a dull
evening—nine o’clock and pouring rain. In contrast to
the hotel lobby she looked as smart as a new car.

Edith was a large girl, but streamlined and very nice.

  She looked up, frowning quizzically. “I’m looking for
the mayor of Binghamton.”

  “I didn’t know he was missing,” I said.

  “He’s very much missing. And his disappearance is
causing me a lot of worry.”

  “Well, why don’t you call up at City Hall?” I asked.
“Maybe he’s still in his office, or down at the Fifth Ward
Club playing dominoes with some of the boys.”

Edith smiled. “I don’t mean the present mayor, silly.

 16

I mean the mayor who vanished around here about 1879.”

  “Tell me about him;” I said for an excuse to stay.

  Edith waved me into a neighboring chair, and told me.

  She was, it seemed, writing a series of feature articles
for the New York Sun. Sensational disappearances—you
know. Elizabeth Canning—Charlie Ross—what happened
to Ambrose Bierce.

  One of the great historic American mysteries was this
disappearance of the former Mayor of Binghamton; it
was shrouded in the dark cloak of a vanishing act and
had more weird angles than the trick box of Harry Hou-
dini.

  Edith sketched me the history of the case as anyone
can read it who cares to look it up in the records.

CHORTLY after the Civil War there arrived in Bing-
k-' hamton a gentleman who might, from his appearance,
have put down the Rebellion single handed.

  He weighed well over two hundred pounds and stood
six feet three in his stocking feet. He had a chest like a
cider barrel, the voice of a blacksmith’s anvil, a magnifi-
cent blond beard, a lion’s-mane head of hair and a person-
ality about as shy and retiring as a circus ringmaster.

  Everything he did with a flourish, from taking off his hat
to a lady to signing his name in three-inch letters to a check.
You could imagine him stepping off the train at Bingham-
ton like a monument about to set itself up on Public
Square.

  “Binghamton, here I am. I am Colonel Walton Dwight.”

  He wasn’t any Kentucky colonel, either; he had fought
at Gettysburg and he could comb aside his beard and show
some genuine medals. Binghamton was flattered to be
chosen as the address of so distinguished an officer and
gentleman.

  The colonel put a large brass plate on the door of his
business office, married a wealthy young lady, bought a
rig and a pair of fast horses and set out to enjoy life after
a close brush with death in the Civil War.

  The colonel had a considerable capacity for enjoyment,
too. He was as robust as an ox, as gallant as a cavalier,
and he could crack a joke with the next man in the ma-
hogany grandeur of the Mighty Dollar Bar.

  When he slapped someone on the back that person
felt it “if he wasn’t permanently injured”; and it wasn’t
long before he was sauntering down Main Street passing
out fat black cigars.

  Binghamton knew a political power when it saw one,

Complete Short Novel
I saw it and Burlap saw it—the face beyond the sagging shutters. A pale specter, black-robed;
and there, throwing out a handful of moonbeams from the phantom chest, was the diamond!
18

ARGOSY

even as big Colonel Dwight knew a voting community.

  He was hardly settled in one of the imposing local man-
sions before he was up on a street-corner platform an-
nouncing himself as a candidate for municipal reform,
pointing to the grafters in City Hall and calling upon all
good voters to “throw the rascals out.”

  The rascals were thrown out. There was a great torch-
light parade led by the Firemen’s Band, and Colonel
Dwight in shiny top hat and glossy beard was installed as
the mayor of Binghamton. The year was somewhere
around 1871.

  The record has it that Colonel Dwight was prospering.
By American standards, as well as European standards,
the Colonel was a great success.

  He owned a big, many-roomed house with lots of ginger-
bread and a cupola. There was an iron jockey in the
driveway, iron stags on the lawn, a duck pond and a
fountain. The house had gaslights and one of those new-
fangled zinc-lined bathtubs, amply proportioned for the
colonel.

  Behind this splendor and opulence was a long series of
business successes. The colonel was no pinch-penny oper-
ator. Stalking into a local bank with as much confidence
as Jove calling on a cluster of small-time gods, he bor-
rowed three hundred thousand dollars.

  It was as hard to borrow money after the Civil War as
it is today. That was only a small example of the colonel’s
powers of persuasion.

  With the three hundred thousand he purchased a huge
tract of timber in Canada and set out to make clothes pins
or something. But clothes pins were too picayune an indus-^
try for the mayor of Binghamton. Pretty soon he was
buying into Pennsylvania coal.

  Then Chicago real estate took his eye; and along with
the forests of Canada, the mines of Pennsylvania and the
stockyards of Chicago, he built a suburb of Binghamton
and put up a hotel called .the Dwight House.

  Those were just a few side investments indulged in by
the former mayor of Binghamton.

A T THIS point in the recital of His Honor’s biography,
Edith sniffed. “Do you know what he used t6 say
of himself? His favorite expression was that he liked to
‘bore with a big auger’.”

  “He seems to have done all right,” I said. “I didn’t
know there were ever .such opportunities in Binghamton.”
My remark disturbed a fat man in a nearby lounge chair.
Lowering a newspaper, he scowled around a potted fern
at Edith and me.

  I supposed he was the president of the local Go-Getters
Association and resented us as New York slickers until
I saw him expectorate a cud of tobacco into a convenient
brass gaboon.

  Only the hotel detective could’ve hit the spitton with
such accuracy.

  Edith ignored him and went on with the story about
the colonel. It seems he bored so industriously and on
such a grandoise scale that pretty soon his bank balance
looked like a Swiss cheese.

  The colonel never did anything in a small way, and the
resulting financial crash must have sounded like the col-
lapse of an iron foundry. He went magnificently bankrupt
to the tune of four hundred thousand dollars.

  Perhaps suspecting that he had bored a bigger hole
than he could handle, he had meantime doffed the robes of

the lord mayor’s office and striven mightily to keep his
sieve-like business solvent.

  When one’s business is tottering, it hardly seems the
time to take out life insurance, but the colonel seems to
have welcomed with open arms every insurance salesman
who came along.

  The record has it that he bought twenty-one policies
from twenty-one different companies; and when the crash
arrived the colonel was still assured—or, rather, life-
insured—for four hundred twenty thousand dollars.

T IFE insurance companies today would probably hesi-
tate to insure a man with so many separate policies,
but back in the 1870’s they weren’t as cautious.

  The colonel didn’t seem like a bad risk. Just over
forty, he was as healthy, hearty and exuberant as an Elk’s
Club' clam-bake. His eyes .shone with vim, and his whis-
kers flourished like the green bay tree.

  Bankruptcy didn’t seem to dampen him. Despite the
loss of his property, his house and grounds, his pair of
matched grays and his iron stag, his spirits appeared to
be excellent.

  He went in-for winter sports. Downhearted creditors
were surprised to see him swimming the Susquehanna
River on days when the water was like ice. Just the sight
would have given an ordinary Snortal—an insurance agent,
say—double pneumonia.

  Then he was seen tramping the woods in blizzards,
plowing through the snow without hat or rubbers. He
was likely to leave his bedroom window open at night and
wake up with icicles in his whiskers. He refused to put
on his long flannel underwear.

  People began to say the colonel was deliberately trying
to catch a bad cold. That his rosy-cheeked smile masked
a broken heart. That, owing four hundred thousand dol-
lars, he was out to cash in on his four hundred twenty
thousand dollar life insurance by sending himself to the
undertaker so that his creditors could be paid.

  It was a noble gesture, but apparently the colonel’s
physique was better than his good intentions. These exer-
cises merely improved his appetite. So it got around among
his friends that he was taking overdoses of a drug called
gelsemium.

  Despite these reported efforts at self-destruction, the
colonel’s health stubbornly improved.

  After some months of these unusual goings-on, the colo-
nel must have decided to waste no more time. He checked
into a downtown hotel, invited in numerous friends and
went over his papers. He left his insurance policies in
plain sight and told people where they could find his will.

  Then he did a very curious thing.

  Calling for the barber, he had his hair and beard shorn
away. When at last he was bald as a melon and as clean-
shaven as a whistle, he bid farewell to a last lingering
friend and shut the door.

  The record has it that his friend, returning in the morn-
ing, was shocked to find the colonel dead as a torkip,
hanging by his neck from a bedpost.

  That a two-hundred-and-fifty-pounder with the beefy
proportions of the colonel might have difficulty hanging
himself on a bedpost is a fact apparently missed by the
investigators of the time. Supposedly it was one of those
big old-fashioned Eighteen-seventy beds with posts like
telegraph poles.

  At any rate the body was cut down by his friend and
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

19

laid out in state. Funeral arrangements were made, the
ceremony to be in keeping with the colonel’s grandilo-
quent career.	*

  While the body went to the cemetery amid floral horse-
shoes and “Gates Ajar,” folks wiped their eyes and blew
their noses and said what a noble man the colonel was,
to have taken his own life to pay off his debts.

  Of course, having gone through bankruptcy he didn’t
have any legal debts and the insurance money went to
his wife’s heirs, but the tailor and contractor probably
hoped for a few cents on the dollar.

BUT the colonel didn’t rest in peace very long. One of
the twenty-one insurance companies seemed to doubt
the validity of the bedpost hanging. It telegraphed to
several of the others, and two or three more decided they
wouldn’t pay the insurance until they had an autopsy.

  Meantime the will was read, and some more peculiarities
were noticed. The colonel had never been stingy, but
when he willed generous sums of money to the boys around
City Hall, the legacy began to look queer.

  Especially queer was a bequest of five thousand dollars
to the coroner who examined his remains and ten thousand
dollars to the surrogate who handled the will.

  While lawyers were staring in surprise at this largesse,
a medical examiner of State-wide reputation was called
in from Albany. This doctor hurried to look at the body
which had now been returned to the morgue.

  After a brief but exciting autopsy, he declared that he
could not swear it was the body of Colonel Dwight.

  The colonel’s heirs insisted it was the colonel’s body,
and the Albany doctor was equally insistent that it wasn’t.
People said, “Well sir, can you beat that?”

  The insurance companies said, “If it isn’t the colonel’s
body then he isn’t dead and we’ll be darned if we’ll come
across with four hundred twenty thousand dollars worth
of life insurance.”

  Binghamton was in a stew. Some said it was the colo-
nel, all right, but he didn’t look familiar because he’d
harvested his gorgeous whiskers.

  Others said it wasn’t the colonel at all, but some bogus
colonel that had been supplied by the city morgue. These
doubters suggested that the colonel had clipped his whis-
kers to facilitate a getaway; that his friends had substitut-
ed a ringer and staged a phoney funeral.

  While all this wrangling was going on, a report came
that the ex-mayor of Binghamton had been seen on his
way to Mexico. Those contesting the insurance companies
answered with a claim that the colonel had been taking
a peculiar drug which altered his appearance after death.

  So there were those who said the colonel was dead, and
there were those who said he wasn’t. In the end, the
insurance companies said he wasn’t and they won the case.

  The colonel’s estate didn’t collect the four hundred
twenty thousand dollars.

BUT if the colonel wasn’t dead, where was he? Who
was the poor devil found hanging to the bedpost?
From that day to this, nobody seems to know.

  Reports came in for a long time afterward that the colo-
nel with a fresh growth of whiskers had been seen around
Mexico, Cuba and the hot spots of South America; but
no one could establish these reports as true.

  It was never proved whether the colonel went to Mexico
or the Beyond.

AKGOSY. MARCH IS, 1941

  Such are the historical facts concerning the one-time
mayor of Binghamton—history as Edith told it to me
that night in the hotel lobby—as you, yourself, can read
it if you care to look up the records.

  Then she told me some angles that aren’t in the records.

  “That happened about seventy years ago,” she whis-
pered, “and the colonel has been missing from that day
to this.”

  She paused; and as if timed to a cue the night was
shaken by a wooden rumble of thunder. Electricity flut-
tered in the rain-swept street, and a spate of wind-blown
water whipped against the lobby windows.

  “Charlie,” Edith’s voice was low—“what would you
say if I told you that I’m going to see this ex-mayor of
Binghamton?”

  From here on, this story—as the novelists say—bears
no resemblance to anyone living or dead.

         CHAPTER II	y-

             MAN OUT OF DARKNESS

T DON’T know why Edith’s voice put a creep through
my hair, but it sort of went with the rain-gust and the
Shakespearean accompaniment of thunder.

  Binghamton was blacked out with one of those summer
night thunderstorms that short-circuited the street lamps
and clear the square of traffic and drive pedestrians in-
doors. It was the sort of night to meet a mayor who had
disappeared mysteriously seventy years ago.

  Edith had lowered her head to light a cigarette. Our
corner seemed remote from the rest of the lobby where
cigar smoke stagnated over the usual chairs and business
men hobnobbed with the desk clerk.

  In a taproom at the back a juke box was playing, and
a bellhop came through paging somebody named Mr.
Dinglehoofer.

  Edith said, leaning toward me, “By the way, Charlie,
if all this is boring you—”

  “I haven’t got a thing to do,” I protested. “How about
finishing it in the bar where we can get a drink?”

  “I can’t. I’m waiting here for somebody.”

  Her voice underlined the “somebody” and there was
another crash of thunder outside and I had another creep.
Edith’s eyes went past me, dilated, and I looked around
half expecting to see the missing mayor.

  Of course he wasn’t there. And of course it was just
Edith’s way of telling a story; she loved mysteries and
she had a knack at spinning words, which was why the
newspaper had assigned her to this sort of stuff.

  I could see someone else who wasn’t bored by the story,
too: that fat goop in the chair around the corner of the
potted plant. Ever so often he’d lower his paper and
sneak a sidewise look.

  I decided he was the house dick, and I supposed he
thought I was trying to pick Edith up.

  In which case, incidentally, he was right. I’d spent
four years trying to pick up Edith. That she was still
on a newspaper while I was a bachelor advertising sales-
man shows how much magnetism I didn’t have.

  “Well,” Edith’s manner was confidential—“I’ve spent
a week here in Binghamton going over the records, and
I’ve found some interesting things about this old mayor
of Binghamton.”

  “What kind of things?”

                    I
20

ARGOSY

  “Nothing in the records. The city historian of the
period seems to’ve .edited a lot of the case. I fancy they
felt a little hoaxed, and the consensus was that he pulled
a vanishing act and made a getaway.”

  “So it sounds from the evidence.”

  “Yes,” Edith agreed. “If he weren’t up to flimflam why
would he’ve barbered his beautiful beard? I think the
colonel parted with his whiskers because the substitute
corpse didn’t have any; besides, it would account for the
substitute’s face looking different.

  “Also, a man about to commit suicide doesn’t spend
money for a shave and a haircut. And without his whis-
kers it would’ve been easier to slip out of town.

  “That’s the way folks reasoned at the time. I’ve met
some old-timers who claim to remember the colonel, and
they agree that that whisker business was mighty queer.

  “The colonel’s vanishment has become a sort of legend
around here, and according to the legend, that beard was
one of the three things he prized most in the world.”

  “What were the other two?” I asked.

44 A CCORDING to the legend—“Edith emphasized the
phrase—“the second thing he prized was an oil
painting. A portrait, naturally of himself. Being a man
who liked to bore with a big auger, the colonel was just
the sort to have his portrait painted. Full length.

  “And the third thing he’s supposed to have prized”—
her voice dropped to alto—“was a diamond.”

  I echoed, “A diamond?”

  Edith said, “Shhhhh!” and looked around. Then she
leaned toward me, big-eyed. “A regular bonanza,” she
whispered in one of those woman’s whispers that carry
louder than ordinary conversation.

  “Bigger than a peach pit. There’s nothing about it in
the records, you know. It’s just one of the legendary
tales about the colonel: that he disappeared with this enor-
mous diamond.”

  “The kind of sparkler any sensible girl would accept
in an engagement ring,” I suggested. The remark was
supposed to remind Edith of a diamond, not quite as
mammoth but twice as well-intended, which I had been
frustratedly offering her.

  She frowned, then ignored the suggestion.

  “The story is that this diamond was worth all of thirty
thousand dollars. I can’t find anybody who ever saw it
on the colonel, but some of the old men hereabouts say
they heard about it on the colonel. I’d say it fitted with
his character, though.

  “If a man were going bankrupt and planning a vanish-
ing act, a diamond would be a handy thing to vanish with.
You can’t cash worthless checks in Mexico, but a diamond

  Edith drew a long breath; stared out of the lobby win-
dow at the black rain. “A diamond is good anywhere.”
I nodded vigorously.

  “If you know where,” I reminded, thinking of her
finger.

  Edith gave me another dilated look. “Charlie,” she
said (alto again), “I think I’m going to see it tonight.”
I gulped, “What?”

  She whispered, “I told you I was going to see the ex-
mayor.”

  I said, “You mean he’s come back?”

  “Perhaps,” she said in a low voice, “he never went
away.”

'T'HUNDER fell down a staircase in the night outside
■*- and crashed as if on some nearby church steeple. The
lobby lights dimmed and flickered, and the street disap-
peared in black cloudburst.

  Edith’s voice came in, mysterioso, “I’ve heard a story
that the colonel never left town; that he vanished no far-
ther than an old house near Binghamton—an old, deserted
house on an island in the middle of the Susquehanna
River.

  The story goes that he lived there as a recluse with
the windows shuttered and the blinds down and a big
black dog to keep unwanted visitors away. They say a
boat used to put out from shore—a veiled woman in a.
black cape who took him food.

  “They say he lived there, Charlie, and died there. But
the house is still haunted by the colonel and his dog, they
say, and he’s been seen at the window in his lord mayor’s
robes with his curly yellow beard and his diamond. His
living ghost.”

  “His ghost!” At that I wanted to laugh. Of course
there’d be a ghost. Men like that in towns surrounded by
rural countryside always leave a ghost. I grinned: “The
qld gray mayor!”	4

  Edith rebuked my levity by tightening the corners of her
mouth. “Listen.” She leaned toward me. “It isn’t funny.
From the history of the case I think he pulled a stunt.

It seems plausible enough; why else would he have parted
with his beloved whiskers?

  “He might easily have sneaked off in the night to this
desolate river-island hide-out. The woman in black seems
plausible, too.

  “I’ve talked with three old farmers who say they saw >
her. They say the colonel planned to go to foreign parts
when the insurance money was settled, but when the fake
corpse was exposed he didn’t dare risk going any farther.

  “Not only that; I talked with one farmer who says his
father saw the substituted corpse and knows it wasn't the
colonel. This farmer claims his father was one of the
grave-diggers, see?”

  She waited for another thunder-crack to calm down.

  I protested, “Edith, there were probably all kinds of
rumors—legends bigger with every telling—”

  “I believe them,” she said throatily. “That’s not all.
Some men went out to that haunted house, Charlie. The
story says there were five in all. They rowed out to the
island after that diamond. You can bet there’d be plenty
of men who’d give their souls for a diamond like that.

  “They gave their souls for it, too. The legend says
they never came back. Every one of the five was found
drowned in the river below the island.”

  “Sure,” I jibed. “Haunted house. Ghost at the window.
Treasure-hunt after a diamond. Anybody unfortunate
enough to drown in the river near the haunted island,
and he was murdered by the spook.

  “Are you going to tell me,” I demanded, “that you
believe in ghosts?”

  Edith gave me a steady, caustic look. “Did I say I
believed in ghosts?” She shpok her head. “I said the
farmers around here claimed they’d seen a ghost. The
man who’s coming here tonight claims he saw it just a
week ago. I believe he saw something.”

  Edith lowered her voice tensely. “I believe the colo-
nel is still alive."

  There was a loud interruption of thunder, and every
lamp in the lobby went out. Blue lightning flickered
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

21

around in the street, glaring into the windows weirdly.

Edith’s face was bleak and queer in the lightning flares.

   She was saying, “I believe the ghost they see is the colo-
nel himself. He was forty when he disappeared. He’d
be now about a hundred and ten years old.”

  The lobby lights came on as suddenly as they’d been
extinguished. The room hopped back into view, people
blinking at each other from their chairs and at the lobby
desk; the fat man behind the fern adjusting his glasses
and lifting his newspaper.

  But there was a man standing at the side of Edith’s
chair: a creature who might have been conjured by the
momentary darkness or swept in on the wings of the
rainstorm from outside.

  He had ears like wings and a long, bony face above a
long, bony neck with a big Adam’s apple. Eyes like holes
full of rainwater peered weakly under a dripping hatbrim.

  His clothes hung drenched and gaunt as the garb on a
scarecrow; his storm-rubbers were caked with mud; he
carried a weeping umbrella. But it wasn’t Chamberlain.

  “Miss Johnwell?”

  Edith jumped up. “Good! I was afraid you weren’t
coming.”

  “Wasn’t sure you’d want to go. It’s a-rainin’ powerful
hard, an’ I reckon th’ river may be close to flooded.”

  “I’ll get my waterproof,” Edith said. “Goodbye, Char-
lie.” she turned to me. “This is the gentleman going to
escort me to the place I told you about.”

  “Goodbye, nothing,” I said. Looking at this soaked
and dripping rustic, I was thinking of five men mysteri-
ously drowned in the spectre-haunted river. “Wait till
I get my hat. I’m going, too.”

CHAPTER III

charon’s ferry

LOOKING back now, I wonder whether I wasn’t, in a
way, shanghaied. Edith said she didn’t want me to
go. She wouldn’t wait for me to go around to the garage
and fetch my car; she insisted that I’d crowd her escort’s
flivver, and she said she didn’t want me interfering with
her business.

   But of course she knew I’d go.

   “I have an idea she was a little scared about this mayor-
hunt on such a stormy night, that she’d deliberately stirred
up my masculine protective instinct with her story, and
was darned glad I’d happened along for company.

  That diamond angle was a good piece of luring, too.
I’m as much a sucker for a treasure hunt as the next man,
and Edith didn’t neglect to put that on the hook.

  Anyway and willy-nilly, the next thing I knew I was
out of the hotel and across a long bridge and driving out
along a country road out of Binghamton in the worst
rainstorm I’d ever experienced, and in the worst car.

  Three was a crowd in that jalopy. The body was a
Saxon, but the gear-shift and engine were from a Ford,
Model T; the lamps and wheels were from a Maxwell,
and the other spare parts went back to prehistoric days
of the automotive industry.

  Our chauffeur, like his car, seemed made of assorted
spare parts. These were distributed over half the pas-
senger space. His head was bowed to the roof; his shoul-
ders were hunched over the steering wheel, knees jockeyed
up on either side of the wheel, and elbows splayed.

  What with his ears, his umbrella, his feet, a peck of
potatoes loose on the floorboards and various farm imple-
ments stowed behind the seat, the coupe was already
cramped when Edith and I squeezed in.

  Nobody ever said Edith didn’t have hips, so she sat
on me.

  “I told you not to come,” she complained.

   “It’s all right with me,” I assured her. I’d never been
able to entice her on my knee in more comfortable cir-
cumstances, and I’ll admit it was another reason for my
joining the expedition.

  Before starting, she introduced me to our guide. Clyde
Burlap. He shook hands gravely and prepared himself
against the journey with a great chaw of chewing tobacco
—Iron Horse.

  I don’t think either Edith or I knew what we were get-
ting into when we got into that car. For my own part,
I didn’t think we would get very far. But at that, the
rattletrap went at a remarkable pace.

  Thirty-five miles an hour in that hazardous hybrid was
the fastest ride I ever had. Bolts rattling, springs squeak-
ing, the bus shook along through the rain, chattering as
if with ague.

  Every next turn I expected the engine to drop out or a
wheel to snap off.

  The road was black as your hat, and the fizzing head-
lamps barely penetrated the downpour. Sheets of water
swept over the hood as we hit flooded ruts. Rain beat
through the roof like a mist coming through a cotton um-
brella.

  Our driver addressed his vehicle as if it were a nag:
“Whoa!” as it slowed for a turn; “Giddyap!” as it started
up a hill; “G’wan, you!” when he shoved it into low and
it faltered.

  “Ain’t exactly a Cadillac,” he informed me, “but give
her her own leeway an’ she’ll git there. Reckon she’ll pass
anything on th’ road tonight.”

rpHERE wasn’t anything on the road for her to pass.

    Presently we left the main highway and turned down
a hilly wagon-road, and there was less.

  You couldn’t see the roadsides for the rain and dark-
ness, and after a couple of miles I began to wonder if
we hadn’t gone off the map.

   “Can’t scarcely see fer this weather,” Mr. Burlap peered
with his nose against the windshield. “But Jessie c’n find
her way like she does it by instinct. She’s a native to these
parts like I am.”

  In reply to my question about Jessie, he informed me
that Jessie was the car. “Named her after a horse I had
in the old buggy days, and she’s nigh as old, too. Horse
Jessie died at thirty-six, an’ there’s parts of this here
Jessie near to thirty-five.

  “But she’ll get us where we want to git, mister. Don’t
worry about Jessie.”

  I wasn’t worried about Jessie. I was worried about
Edith and me barging off in that broken-down jalopy with
this farmer in a thunder storm. I could see the road ahead
going downhill like a brown torrent. It was a desolate
landscape, and Binghamton seemed a hundred miles away.

  “Don’t get stuck,” Edith warned. “You’re sure you
know the way?”

  “Sure do,” Burlap declared. “We’re a-headin’ south
on what I call the Ole Back Road. Follerin’ down th’
Susquehanna Valley. Ain’t used much, this road, ’count
22

ARGOSY

of it’s bad. My pa told me back in th’ old days that
Colonel Dwight use to drive it in his rig sometimes on
Sunday.

    “Pa’s farm was on th’ hill up there to th’ left—that is,
 before he give up farmin’ to become a grave-digger.”

   Rain swooped around , the car. Edith had to raise her
 voice at my ear to be heard.

   Mr. Burlap’s father is the man I told you about—said
 he saw the body at the ex-mayor’s funeral and claimed it
 wasn’t that of the colonel.”

   “Is that so?” I shouted.

   “Yes, sir.” The farmer nodded, steering the car around
 a sharp turn and digging an elbow into my ribs. “Pa was
 right there at th’ grave-side when th’ coffin was re-
 opened fer th’ autopsy. Pa said it wasn’t th’ colonel, an’
 he knowed for sure it wasn’t th’ colonel. On account of th’
 hair.”

 W/"E skidded down through a gully where the under-
 ” brush was so thick it slashed the sides of Jessie’s
 Saxon body. Mud splattered up over the fenders, plaster-
 ing the windshield. The tires spun in paste, then found
 traction in gravel.

    Our driver shouted, “Giddyap! ” as Jessie almost bogged;
 and I waited for the engine to pull ahead before asking
 my question.

   “How could he tell by the hair? I thought the colonel
 shaved off his hair and whiskers.”

   “Sure he did,” Burlap agreed. “An’ th’ body that was
 buried had its hair and whiskers barbered likewise. Must?
 been a vagrant at the morgue, see, that was rigged up in
 the colonel’s clothes and hanged to th’ bedpost to look
 like him.

    “All right; then it was biftied, an’ some days later dug
 up again. It had hair when it was dug up. My pa says
 he seen it. Fine reddish hair.

   “But the colonel’s hair was yellow. Th’ hair on th’

 , corpse was reddish. Y’see, th’ hair of your corpse keeps
 on growin’ even after you’re dead.”

   He cranked down the window at his elbow to spit out
 a streak of tobacco juice. Rain and wind and some of the
 tobacco juice gusted back into my face.

   I guessed we were about ten miles out of Binghamton
 and I wished we were back. Edith was getting pretty
 heavy; but she had an arm around my neck, which helped
 some. It was warm, though, and wet and stuffy and un-
 comfortable.

   Burlap kept up a bovine chewing noise, peering to see
 the road and clucking now and then at the car.

   Then he jerked a thumb at a roadside mail box in rusty
 abandonment atop a post.

   “There’s the old Dinkloofer farm. Gone to grass, now.
 There was a son but he run away with a circus when he
 was a kid, an’ he didn’t never come back an’ lay claim
 to the place, an’ it’s et up with taxes.

   “Ain’t no one lived there for years. No, sir, the son
 never come back. Not after what happened to the old
 man.”

   The comment seemed more significant than remini-
 scence. I waited for our escort to explain.

   “Edith said, “That was one of the five?”

   Burlap ran down the window to spit. “Yes, sir,” he
 nodded, wristing his mouth to complete the operation.
 “That was one of the five.”

   “One of the five what?” I asked. The name Dinkloofer

 sounded somehow vaguely familiar. I was trying, to think
 back and locate it.

66/"\NE of th’ five who was drowned,” Burlap’s voice
^ went suddenly basso. “One of th’ five who went
out to th’ island a-huntin’ the mayor’s diamond sparkler,
an’ didn’t never come back. Old man Dinkloofer was the
first.”

  Edith urged, “Tell Charlie about it, Mr. Burlap. He
doesn’t quite believe the story.”

  “Don’t know whether I believe it all myself,” was the
answer. “If’n I did, I don’t reckon I’d be takin’ you there,
miss. Not fer five dollars, ner fer five thousand dollars.

  “But there’s been some mighty queer goin’s on about
that island, an’ it started back about fifty years ago.
Started with people sayin’ they seen a woman in black row
out there, an’ th’ rumor that th’ missin’ colonel had this
diamond.	i

  “But—Whoa, Jessie!” He pulled up the car. “Tell you
about it goin’ out there. Here we are.”

  To this day I don’t know where we were. Somewhere
on the Susquehanna River, I suppose. The car stopped in
a nest of bushes between two huge black trees.

  There was a flash and a crack of thunder, and I glimpsed
a mud bank and a dock and a rushing sweep of water
that seemed as wide as the Mississippi in the rainblur.

  A rowboat and a muddy scow were tethered to the dock,
and in a second flash of lightning I glimpsed a string of
channel islands far out in the middle of the river. I don’t
say it was as wide as the Mississippi; but in the rain and
stormy dark with the water sweeping by at high flood it
seemed that way.

  We got out in the soup, and I didn’t want to go. But
our escort lit a lantern and led us down to the boats, and
Edith’s eyes were shining with excitement and adventure.

  Burlap bailed out and untied the rowboat, and I remem-
ber him saying we were at Someone-or-other’s Ferry. I
was thinking of Charon’s Ferry.

  Gaunt and shadowy in the lantern-light, Burlap was
Charon’s boatman. We were out to find a lost soul, and
the river was as black and forbidding as the River Styx.

CHAPTER IV

THE FIVE

TJURLAP chewed, bailed, rowed and told us about
Dinkloofer as our boat edged out into the river.

  “It was the diamond that fetched old man Dinkloofer.
He was a Dutchman, y’see, an’ Dutchmen have a yen for
diamonds. Mind you, he wasn’t the only one.”

  Thunder interrupted with a crash. Rain blew in flat
streaks across the water, blinding the night. Swept out
into the channel, our flatbottom boat pitched and rocked.
Our boatman swore, spat and strained at the oars.
“About Dinkloofer,” heresumed. “He was the one who
started it. When he heard that the colonel had piked
off with a val’ble gem, he told my pa he knowed where
it was.

  “Y’see it was old man Dinkloofer who’d seen th’ woman
in black rowin’ downriver to this island. Dinkloofer, he
follered her one time to see where she was a-goin’, an’ he
seen her stop at this island an’ go into the ole haunted
house.

“It was Dinkloofer first claimed he seen the ex-mayor’s
HIS HONOR

face at an upper window one moonlit night. “It’s the colo-
nel’s ghost,” he told my pa. If his ghost is there, that
diamond may be there, too. Sometime I’m a-goin’ to take
a look.”

  “Go on,” Edith said breathlessly as Burlap halted to
stuff his marsupial cheek with fresh tobacco. “Tell what
happened to Dinkloofer.”

  “Well, sir, one night he set out. It was a bad night,”
Burlap said cheerlessly. “Kind of like tonight. Ole man
Dinkloofer told the neighbors he was goin’ out after bull-
heads, but everybody knowed ’twasn’t the kind of night
to go out fishin’ fer bullheads.

  “Dinkloofer rowed out to th’ island to that haunted
house; they found his boat there afterwards. But they
didn’t find ole man Dinkloofer there. They found him
down near the rapids at Medwick’s Mill.

  “Floatin’ in the millrace, he was. Drowned as a mush-
rat.”

  Burlap spat overside in finality, and as he bent to the
oars I couldn’t help looking off through the rainstorm in
apprehension. Tons of water surged past us in the dark;
rain beat down on our heads; Edith and I were huddled
together, soaked.

 “The next one was Gawzberry.” Burlap drawled the
name. “Jed Gawzberry as used to be a farm hand on
the west side of th’ stream. Jed got the bee in his bonnet
he’d like to get his hands on th’ colonel’s sparkler, an’ he
come a-rowin’ out one night to look fer it, too.

  “He didn’t tell no one but his sister, an’ his sister told
it afterwards at Jed’s inquest.

  “He didn’t git th’ jewel, either. He was found days
afterwards by the mill downstream when a fisherman
hooked him up outa th’ mud. Jed had been drownded,
too.”

  Bending to the oars, our narrator pulled a dozen deep
strokes. His eyes were closed in memory. He was hum-
ming Down By The Old Mill Stream.

  I didn’t like any of it. But Edith was crouched for-
ward, peering into the night ahead with eyes as bright
as if she saw pirate’s treasure. “Tell Charlie about
Big Ben.”

44ATESSIR.” Burlap nodded. “Yessir, there was Big
Ben. He was a blacksmith, y’see, down at what
they used to call Riverbend Point—a big, husky feller
who could bend a horseshoe with one hand.

  “He wasn’t afraid of nothin’, an’ he said he didn’t
give a hang about th’ give a hang about th’ colonel’s ghost;
he was goin’ to find that diamond an’ he didn’t give a
whoop who knowed it.

  “He rowed out to the island one Hallowe’en night when
no one in the county dast join him on a dare. Well, sir,
they waited all night, but he didn’t come back.

  “The ice was early that winter, an’ they never did find
him till the follerin’ spring. He popped up down there
by Medwick’s Mill, too.”

  I. had an idea that if we kept on with this harebrained
business I might pop up down by Medwick’s Mill myself.
Our guide went on to say that Big Ben’s pop-uppance
had occurred twenty years ago, and that it was a long
time afterward before the country people would venture
anywhere near the haunted island.

  “But folks jest couldn’t forget that diamond. It was
said to be a whopper, an’ it kind of stuck in people’s craw.
They figgered the colonel would’ve owned such a gewgaw,

IS MISSING	23

bein’ a politician like he was, an’ thirty thousand dollars
is a heap of money to us farmers hereabouts.

  “Only it wasn’t a farmer who went after it next. It
was a feller from th’ city who’d once took in th’ colonel’s
laundry. A smart old Chinaman named Ching.”

  Ching Ching Chinaman! He, too, it seemed had
conceived a belief in the colonel’s bonanza. He, too, had
boated past the island on numerous occasions and wit-
nessed the vanished man’s face at the window.

  He, too, had declared his intention of visiting the in-
sular house; and he, too, for all his undoubted Oriental
craft and what Burlap called “heathen familiarity with
witches,” had floated up in the vicinity of Medwick’s
Mill, thoroughly drowned.

  I’d had enough of it. Puffing, spitting, hauling at the
oars, Burlap had all he could do to keep our craft from
being whirled downstream without diverting us with a
bedtime story.

  That river was certainly high. Swollen by cloudbursts,
the current was running as if a dam had broken some-
where. Displays of aerial electricity revealed glimpses
of the racing tide; uprooted bushes, driftwood and water-
logged timbers swirled around our boat; I know flood-
water when I see it.

  “Let’s go back,” I muttered to Edith. “It’s not safe
out here on a night like this. This river’s rising to a flood.”

  She didn’t hear me. Our nocturnal boatman was adding
a fifth face to his collection of the drowned.

441,'ELLER named Strool. He wasn’t a Binghamtonite

  *- ner native to these parts; after what happened to
the Chink an’ those others, you couldn’t git nobody
hereabouts to go within a mile of that island house.

  “Nossir, us folks who knowed about it steered clear of
the place, diamond er no diamond. But this feller,
Strool, he use to come through here summers with the
Chautauqua.

  “Cornin’ year after year, they git to know the coun-
tryfolk pretty personal, an’ I reckon that’s where Pro-
fessor Strool—they called him Professor—got wind of
Colonel Dwight’s ghost an’ the hawg-size diamond.”

  Burlap wiped rain from his eyes; shook his head at
the memory. “Smart feller, Strool was, too. Mighty
smart. Wore nose glasses with a ribbon, an’ a flowin’
black tie.

  “He give readin’s on some guy named Shakespeare—all
about witches an’ spooks an’ some Scotch murderer named
Macbeth. Like to make your hair curl.

  “But I recollect hearin’ him once tell an audience he
didn’t really believe in spooks, they was jest eye-magina-
tion.

  “Trouble was, he had this goitre. One of the kind”—
Burlap gestured in the lantern light—“grows out like a
summer squash.

  “Strool tried to hide it with his big, professor’s tie,
but I reckon it growed too large for him. Naturally he
couldn’t go on readin’ about Macbeth with a thing like
that.”

  I gulped. “Naturally.”

  “So I figger,”—Burlap wagged his chin—“he was get-
tin’ ready to re-tire. Hadn’t saved no money, likely, an’
he needed a heap to keep himself an’ his goitre. Heard
about the missin’ colonel an’ his sparkler, an’ reckoned
he’d like to find such a gem. Sooo—” he mooed the
word suggestively.
24

ARGOSY

   So Strool, also, rowed out to the mayor-haunted island.
Strool, also, dared the colonel’s phantom for the rumored
gem. Strool, also, was found in the rapids down below
Medwick’s Mill.

  “And that happened just last summer,” Burlap’s voice
drifted at me through the rain, “Last summer about this
time of year. Of course, the sheriff an’ police investigated.”

   He snorted. “But th’ sheriff an’ police are city folks,
an’ they don’t know nothin’ no-how. Drowned by acci-
dent, they called it. Same as all the other drowndin’s out
here where the current’s swift in th’ river.

  “They”—Burlap expectorated scornfully—“claim that
the boats tipped over in th’ channel or the men was
drownded in swimmin’ or something. Medwick’s Mill is
four miles below this island, and they say the bodies was
carried down by the current.

  “They come out an’ looked at the haunted house, but
they was mighty careful to do it in the daytime, I notice.
An’ us country people knows you don’t see ghosts in
the daytime.

   “Nossir, you see ’em at night. Just like I seen th’ col-
onel’s ghost, myself—at the window—with his yellow
beard and mayor’s robes an’ the diamond flarin’ on his
chest like a cat’s eye—an’ I heard th’ black dog howlin’,
too.”

   Burlap peered at me waterishly across the oar-handles.
“That was only last week.”

CHAPTER V

THE BLACK DOG HOWLS

"DAINWATER turned to icewater running down my
spine. It was eerie out there on that black, storm-
swept river. Damned eerie! It’s one thing to have a
farmer tell you ghost stories from forty years ago or
even last year. Another thing to have him tell you he’s
seen the bugaboo last week.

   .Our boatman looked as if he’d seen it, for a fact.

  “Yessir, I was in this very boat. A-rowin’ down to
Riverbend Point, I was, to call on my Aunt Hattie who’s
my only livin’ relative. Well, I didn’t look where I was
a-rowin’ count of I had a line out for carp, an’ I rowed
right close to the island.

  “Say! It was bright moonlight, an’ I looked around,
an’ I was driftin’ right past th’ ole house. There it was
at a third-story window.

  “Plain as anything in th’ moonlight. Lookin’ at me
through th’ broken shutters! Th’ face of th’ missin’
mayor!”

  Burlap wiped his tobacco-juicy mouth and neighed a
nervous laugh. “Durn near capsized myself in this boat,”
he blurted. “Scairt the liver an’ lights clean outa me.
Got on down to Aunt Hattie’s so fast the oar-locks was
smokin’.	*

   “When I told Aunt Hat about it, she told me she’d seen
the colonel’s face herself a couple of times. Huh!”

  He broke off to tug at the oars. The rain had stopped
suddenly, and the thunder had retreated into distance
where lightning flashes played across far-off night.

   When the sky-flares flickered out, the river completely
disappeared. There was only the sound of swirling cur-
rents and sloshing oar-blades.

We drifted with our lantern through black invisibility.

“It was th’ missin’ colonel, all right,” Burlap nodded at

Edith. “Reckanized him from Pa’s description. Seen
th’ diamond winkin’ under his whiskers, an’ just as I
pulled away there was that awful dog-howl. It was like
I told it in th’ barber shop last Saturday night.

44‘\7"SEE, young feller”—he blinked at me—“I come to
town last Saturday night to git my seasonal hair-
cut. I was tellin’ th’ barber how I’d seen th’ colonel’s
ghost the night before, an’ your girl was in there an’ she
collared me. She’d come in to ask th’ barber if ole Colonel
Dwight had ever left any shavin’ mug around Bingham-
ton, an’ she tells me she’s writin’ a history of th’ colonel.”

  “I asked Mr. Burlap to help me,” Edtih said. “I
promised him five dollars if he’d bring me out to this
island.”

  “Yessir,” our boatman agreed. “An’ I wouldn’t a-done
it, if’n she hadn’t told me somethin’ I was thinkin’ all
along. I ain’t sayin’ I don’t believe in ghosts. I’ve seen
too many of ’em.

  “But the girl is right, young feller. It wasn’t no
ghost that sent ole man Dinkloofer an’ Jed Gawzberry
an’ Big Ben an’ Ching an’ Professor Strool to a watery
grave.

  “Nossir.” Burlap spat a brown streak in conviction.
“Ghosts don’t ever kill anybody.”

  “What do you think did happen to those five men?”
I muttered.

  Burlap feathered the oars and blinked at me. “I think
they was drownded, sure enough. But the colonel’s ghost
didn’t do it. I recollect my pa tellin’ me that the colonel,
after he went bankrupt, started takin’ some queer drug.

  “Pa said it was gelsemium—an’ gelsemium comes from
th’ root of jasmine. They say it’s a mighty queer drug.”

  “Yes,” Edith nodded. “There was a rumor he took
gelsemium.”

  “Yeah”—Clyde Burlap shifted his cud—“an’ I’ve hearn
tell that if you take enough of it, it’s a sort of preservative,
like. That’s what Pa said, an’ Pa was a grave-digger an’
ought to’ve knowed.

  “If you take enough of this drug, you don’t ever die.
So I think the colonel’s out here on this island, sure
enough. I think he’s still alive.”

  It was nonsense, of course. There’s no such thing as
a drug to keep you alive. If this ridiculous colonel were
a hundred and ten years old, he wouldn’t have any yellow
whiskers to show at a window, and the rats in an old
house would have eaten him up long ago.

  We were risking our necks on this flooded river in a
leaky tub for a lot of fiddlefaddle. I was mad at Edith
for coming with this ignorant bumpkin, and mad at my-
self for letting her come.

  Then our guide said something that made me madder.

tiTTHE colonel’s still alive, an’ it musta been him who
drownded those others. That’s why I ain’t takin’
any chances. So I brought Pa’s gun.”

  Fishing under his coat, he produced the weapon and
laid it across his knee. A rusty, long-barreled horse pistol
that looked as if it hadn’t been fired since the Civil War.

  In the lantern-glimmer his eyes wer§ sly. He gave a
confidential laugh. “I guess I ain’t so dumb. Even if
they do call me Crazy Clyde.”

  I felt Edith stiffen at my side. Crazy Clyde! I guess
that was a little more than she had bargained for.

  “Do they call you that?” Her voice was dismayed.
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

25

  He smiled at us over the oar handles. “It’s jest that
they say I ain’t quite bright. Becuz at seventeen I was
still in the second grade. It wasn’t that I wasn’t smart,
though.”

  He chuckled. “I never did tell ’em it was becuz I
liked the teacher. That’s why I stayed in th’ second
grade when I could’ve gone on.

  “Hell’s bells! Other people say they’re bright, but
jest look at the state the world’s in. If they’re so all-
fired smart how’d they come to elect a mayor in Bingham-
ton like this colonel?”

  He laughed cheerfully. “But there was somethin’
wrong with Ma. Run in her family. An’ when I was
six years old I was kicked in the head by a horse.”

  He took off his hat and leaned forward. “Want to
feel th’ dent?”

  I reached out quickly; and he jerked back, quicker.
“Set down, you’re rockin’ the boat,” he said reproach-
fully, holding the gun beyond my snatch. He stuffed it
back into his shirt. “I’ll carry th’ hoss pistol, young
feller. Don’t worry, ’tain’t loaded. Ain’t no bullets been
made to fit it fer fifty years.”

“Mr. Burlap,” I ordered, “take us back to the dock.”
“No,” Edith countered firmly. “Go on to the island.”
“You’re a-payin’ me,” he nodded at Edith, working the
oars. “Reckon I ain’t too dim-witted to know where th’
money is. Anyway, here we be.”

  Bullrushes were scraping the gunwales as our boatman
shipped the oars; the flatbottom grounded on mud, and
there we were.

  I was mad as a hatter. Edith and I and a fool with an
empty gun on a flooded mid-river island looking for the
little mayor who wasn’t there!

  Just as we landed there was a terrific clap of thunder
and the whole sky was zigzagged with lightning like
cracks in a black Easter egg.

  We saw the house. A black-roofed, beetling silhouette
beyond a jungle of crooked-limbed, inky trees.

  Lightning short-circuited into blackness, and the thun-
der rolled away, and there was only the swash of the river
and pitch darkness and the furtive whisper of rainwater
guttering and draining through soaked underbrush.

  But silly or not, Burlap’s eyes in that lightning flare
had spied something missed by mine.

  Grabbing the lantern, he went up the mud-bank with
a cry. When we caught up with him, he was pawing a
sodden bundle from under a bush. Clothes.

  A suit of men’s clothes. We gaped at them under
the lantern: a voluminous pair of pants—an oversized
coat—and, I remember, a pair of number twelve Endicott-
Johnson shoes. They were water-soaked and shapeless
and tied in a bundle by a belt. The initial on the belt-
buckle was D.

  My hair went up. The buckle wasn’t rusty! What
large individual had but recently divested himself of
these garments and left them here?

  “D!” Edith gasped. “D for Dwight! Colonel Walton
Dwight!”

  That wasn’t the time to hear the funeral howl of a dog.

AHOOOO! . . . Word of honor, that howl coming out
of the black almost lifted the forelock off my head.
“Good guh-gosh!” I said.

  Edith got around behind me and clung. “What was
thaaaat?”

  Crazy Clyde Burlap dropped the vacant clothes and
reared up in fright. His voice was half way between a
sermon and a moan. “It’s the black dog! The black
dog of the colonel that for seventy years has kept guard
over the island.”

  “And the colonel’s here, too!” Edith pointed at the
outsize pants, coat and shoes.

  “Somewhere in the dark.” Burlap stared around bogle-
eyed. “Somewhere in th’ night! An’ he ain’t got his
clothes on!”

  That was too much to contemplate; and we ran, as if
by common consent, down the mud-bank, pellmell. Back
to the boat.

  Only the boat wasn’t there. We stood at the water’s
edge, frantic, while Burlap wildly waved the lantern.
The gleams gave glimpse of the sweeping brown current
surging through a wall of night—no boat.

  Waves purling through the rushes told the story. No
one had bothered to tie up the craft. The river had risen
inches while we examined that ghoulish bundle of clothes.
Our boat had departed by itself.

  That wasn’t all I saw. Our means of departure having
departed, we were marooned—on an island in the middle
of a run-away river that was swelling higher every minute.

  Swimming that wild current was out of the question,
and it looked as if we were in for a night of it. Stuck
out there in mid-river with a haunted house, a black dog,
an unclad ghost and Heaven knew what other hocus-
pocus in the offing.

CHAPTER VI

THE COLONEL’S FACE

TJURLAP whimpered, “What’re we gonna do?” and I
was mad enough to kick him into the drink. The
boat floating off was just about the last straw.

  “Do?” I snapped. “Well, we aren’t going to stand on
this mud bank while the tide climbs up our legs and wait
for dawn. How wide is this river?”

  “We couldn’t never swim it,” he sniffled. “That channel
out there’s mighty swift. Th’ river’s flooded from all
these rains. Powerful heap of water cornin’ down. Ain’t
no way fer us to get back now.”

  He stared about in desperation, tobacco juice leaking
from the corner of his mouth. “Gee whillakers! It’ll be
all up with us ngw if we meet the.colonel.”

  “Nuts!” I swore. I was getting a grip on myself. “We
aren’t going to meet any hundred-and-ten year old colonel,
and we aren’t going to meet any seventy-year-old watch-
dog. We’re going to see if there’s anyone around that
house, and find out who owns those clothes.

  “Some swimmer or hobo left them there—about five
million names in the telephone book begin with D—and
lots of men wear suits that size. While we’re looking
around, we can look for another boat, too.

  “As for the dog, it’s some stray hound that’s swum
out here. Sure,” I snapped. “Baying at the moon.”

  I pointed up at a rift in the sky where black clouds
had torn apart and left a hole. Greenish moonlight fil-
tered through as I spoke, and trees and river came dimly
into view like a photograph developing on a dark, watery
film.

  Talking loudly, I was getting -back my confidence.

I rasped at Burlap, “Give me the lantern. And give
26

ARGOSY

 me that gun.” I glared at him, holding out my hand.

   He complied meekly enough, handing over the lantern
 and disgorging from his shirt the rusty weapon.

   “Good.” Edith pressed my arm. She rounded deter-
 minedly, her chin out, firm. “I 'was afraid we were going
 to run away. It’s silly how a dog-howl can scare you,
 isn’t it? Come all this way, and be scared by some old
 dog.”

   I was sore at myself for being panicked, but it wasn’t
 the dog that had scared me as much as the clothes. Some-
 thing crummy about an unexplained suit of clothes on a
 river bank.

   That night on that particular island it was even crum-
 mier. There was something lonesome about that coat,
 those pants and shoes. Something uncanny. As if the
 man in them had just evaporated.

   The wearer had been a big man, too—bigger than or-
 dinary: too big to just evaporate. About the size, I im-
 agined, of the two-hundred-and-fifty-pound colonel.

   Going up the mud bank, I gave those empty clothes
 a wide berth.

   “It’s just some stray hound.” I made my mind change
 the subject. “No dog could live for seventy years. Here,
 Burlap, where does this path go?”

 TTE SIDLED up to stare at the footpath the lantern
 had discovered in the bushes. It was weedy, half
 concealed in grass and myrtle; I was relieved not to see
 any tracks.

   “Looks like it goes to the house,” Burlap tremulously
 observed. “I don’t know, mister; I ain’t never been ashore
 on this island.”

   “Stick close behind me, Edith,” I said. “Come on.”

   We moved up the path single file. Underbrush was tall
 on either side, black and dank. Smoky moonlight slanted
 down through the crooked, wet branches of pathside trees.

   I pouldn’t see the house from here. In the jungle of
 weeds and wet brush I couldn’t see anything.

   I didn’t hurry. You don’t get much confidence out of a
 rusted horse pistol, and I let the lantern light go on ahead.

   Burlap spoke a thought which had formed in his dented
 skull.

   “Maybe he give it some of that gelsemium drug, too.”

   I rasped over my shoulder, “Who gave what?”

   “Maybe the colonel gave gelsemium to his dog. That’s
 how it could still be alive,” Burlap croaked in a raven-
 like undertone. “Work with the colonel it ought to work
 with a dog.”

   I wheeled around, “Listen, you! I’ve had enough of
 your ghost story for one evening; the thing to do now is
 find a boat or some way to get us out of here. I don’t
 care if the colonel drank Egyptian embalming fluid or the
 Fountain of Youth—if he scrammed out of Binghamton
 at the age of forty back in the 1870’s he isn’t around
 here today.

   “That”—I glared at Edith—“goes for you, too.”

   “Then who left them clothes back there on the bank?”
 Burlap asked in a quaver. “Who drowned the ole Dutch-
 man an’ Jed Gawzberry an’ Big Ben the blacksmith an’
 Ching the laundry man ah’ Professor Strool? Whose
 curly-bearded face did I see last week at an upper story
 window?”

 T HAD to remind myself that they called him Crazy

   Clyde. His lank face was foolish with fear as he craned

 and peered around in the moony dark. He almost gibbered.

   In a situation like that it isn’t comforting to know your
guide is just a little brighter than the village idiot. No
telling what part of his story was true and what part was
star-dust.

  Why had I ever let Edith come on this crackpotted
ghost-chase? Looking at her there, I knew I ought to
have my own head examined for dents.

  She whispered, “Go on, Charlie. Go on.”

  I set my jaw and went on. I wasn’t anxious to meet
any unclothed athlete the size Of the man who had worn
those pants. But moving was better than standing, and
I hoped that somewhere around we might find another
boat.

  Burlap halted suddenly behind Edith. “Someone has
been livin’ on this island. Look! They’ve growed a gar-
den. Potatoes! An’there’s wild corn!”

  It was a pretty sorry garden: stunted corn and a few
wormy plants in a patch of weeds—mere evidence that
the plot had been under cultivation at some past time.

   The corn had degenerated to stalks and silk, yet some-
body must’ve once planted it there; it was somehow lonely
and ghostly, like the dog’s howl and that vacant pair of
trousers.

  “It was him!” Burlap panted. “The ex-mayor of Bing-
hamton who hid there on this island and’s still keepin’ his-
self an’ his dog alive on gelsemium.”

■ I snarled, “Nuts to that gelsemium stuff!”

  “Charlie, it’s true,” Edith whispered. “There is such
a drug. I looked it up in the dictionary. It comes from
jasmine root as Mr. Burlap said, and it’s in the records
that the colonel was taking it; there was a lot of talk
about it at the time.

  “See!” Her fingers gripped my arm. “There’s some
jasmime growing there in the corn right now!”

   In the wet dark we could smell it, that nocturnal-flow-
ered bush flourishing in that shabby garden! To this day
the smell of flowering jasmine at night gives me a creep.
I can see that bush in that corn-patch and Edith staring
at it with dilated eyes.

  “Yellow jasmine! That’s where the drug comes from!
Maybe the colonel—maybe the colonel made his own
gelsemium! ”

  V

T HAD a mental picture of the colonel out here in his
-* island hide-out compounding his own drug, living on
and on and on. I said, “Nuts!” but I could see Edith was
pretty convinced. I couldn’t tell her that jasmine was likely
to grow anywhere.

  Burlap was convinced, too. He was shaking like a
scarecrow in a wind.

  You can argue with a dunce who never got out of the
second grade because he liked the teacher, but you can’t
argue with a girl like Edith.

  “Go to the house.” Edith prodded me. “Charlie, I
want to find out.”

   I should have spanked her, but I guess I wanted to find
out, myself. I was thinking, as we crept up the path,
that maybe there was something to this colonel-and-dia-
mond story.

  Maybe the bankrupt ex-mayor of Binghamton had
absconded to this island lair; lived here as a recluse in
majestic seclusion. ]

  Not that he could still be living. But he might have
planted jasmine, at that, and tried to keep going on this
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

27

phoney drug. Maybe he had planted this stuff years ago.

  If he’d been here at all, I was thinking, maybe that
diamond was here. Diamonds don’t wear out even if
politicians do.

  Which shows you the thin line of distinction between
bughouse reasoning and sanity. At that juncture of our
expedition Crazy Clyde was the one who didn’t want to
go farther.

  We crept on up the weedy path, and then we found the
dog. He was lying in a bed of wet violets, and I’ll never
forget the sight of that pooch. There was Rover. In the
moonlight we could see him clearly: a pattern of polished
white bones. A canine skeleton among the posies.

  Yes, and someone had put a bullet through his skull.
That hound hadn’t bayed at the moon for many a year,
and no one was going to tell me otherwise.

  He had evaporated from his ribs the way someone on
the mudbank had evaporated from those trousers. Gel-
semium or no gelsemium, that dog was no longer alive.

  “I ain’t a-goin’ further,” Clyde Burlap said.

  I said, “No?”

  “I ain’t a-goin’ further,” he repeated with a violent
headshake. “That’s the colonel’s black dog. If them
there bones can up an’ let out a howl, then anything can
happen. I’m gonna stay right here. I got enough brains
for that.”

  “Okay,” I snapped. “There’ll be more lantern-light
left for Miss Johnwell and me.” We moved off.

  He let out a yelp and caught up with us. “Wait! Don’t
leave me. I’d sure die of fright if’n I see the ex-mayor
cornin’ at me in his birthday suit.”

  It wasn’t a heartening picture. Ex-mayor or mortal, I
hoped the man who’d left his clothes under a hickory
limb would at least—if he did turn up—be modestly clad
in his underwear.

  As we thefted along the path I kept a sharp eye out for
tracks; but I didn’t see any, animal or man. Across the
river there were some jagged peals of thunder; but the
sky overhead had cleared in patches and a green moon
sneaked out of a nest of black clouds and appeared as a
drowned face floating in a lake.

  I couldn’t help thinking of the Dutchman and the farm-
hand, the blacksmith, the Chinee and the goitrous Profes-
sor who had supposedly crept up this path before and
ended up down by Medwick’s Mill.

  Moonlight only exaggerated the blackness of under-
brush and trees. Twisting like a snake, the foot trail
wound through the dripping boscage; the rain had raised
a dank vapor, and the soaked night steamed.

  Through the trees at the left we could see the river
sliding by like a great tide of coffee. Coasting along the
bank, it tore at bushes, slapped at the roots of willows and
made a sound like a vast gurgling in a cemetery.

  If our progress along the path tells like a safari in the
jungle, it’s because fifty yards of trail on that Susquehanna
River island was like a trip across voodoo-haunted Africa.
Only too soon the path came out of the bushes and we were
confronted by the house.

STANDING in a flat clearing that fronted on the river,
it looked as skeletal and abandoned as the meatless
dog and that empty suit of clothes. Nobody home.

  I never saw a place that looked as run-down, forgotten
and deserted. Once it might have been a mansion for
summer vacationing—back in the time of General Grant

 Now vines clambered up the sagging walls like weeds
 on the hull of a sunken steamship.

 The verandas were littered with rubbish; the palings
 had broken in. Shutters hung askew on windows broken
 in by vandal stones.

 Chimney bricks were scattered across the roof; one
 third-story gable had caved in; the architecture leaned,
 tilted and tipped in decay; and the silhouette in greenish-
 moon-gloom was black as coal. It was a perfect abode
 for owls, mice and bats.

 Is anything gloomier than a house deserted to rot on a
 river bank? It took some resolution to approach that
 island mansion. We had sneaked up at its back, and I
 paused to scan. the prospect, hesitating to investigate
 the front.

 “Go ahead.” Edith shoved me. “Are you scared?”

 “Who’s scared?”

 “You are. -I am, too. But now that we’re this far let’s
 look at the place. Let’s see it through.”

 “Well, look at it,” I growled. “Nobody’s lived there
 for a generation. It’s all boarded up and gone to ruin.
 What more is there to see?”

 Burlap uttered a nervous nicker. “It was in front,” he
 blabbed. “A third-story window overlookin’ th’ river.
 That’s where I seen the colonel’s face.”

 “Come on, Mr. Burlap,” Edith straightened her shoul-
 ders. “You show me.”

 “Who, me?”

 “Yes.”

 “I might see the face again.”

 “That’s exactly what I’m here for.” She tucked wet
 hair under her hat decisively, and her chin had a deter-
 mined thrust.

 Stooping, she picked up a crooked hickory stick and,
 gripping it as a club, stepped out into the clearing, and
 strode at the house as if to give it a whipping.

 “Come on!”

CHAPTER VII

END OF THE LINE

 "W7HERE do women get spunk at a time like that?

 ” Edith had it double. Of course, she was likely to
 break down afterwards and have an old-fashioned cry; but
 get her set on some job and she wasn’t stopped.

 She was as pretty as Venus and as stubborn as a
 Missouri mule.

 I convoyed at her elbow with gun and lantern, and we
 marched across the mud flat with Burlap at heel like a
 gaunt, jittery and bug-eyed Beagle.

 A near look at the house wasn’t reassuring. Every-
 thing dripped and steamed. Rotting timber exuded a
 smell like dead wood in a marsh. Interior, as glimpsed
 through broken shutters, was dark as a mine.

 Rats scurried into hiding as we skirted a side porch.
 Some small creature jumped down the porch steps and
 scuffled off through the weeds, and I wondered whether
 it was the dog we’d heard. I couldn’t see any dog tracks
 around, or any kind of tracks, and I said so.

 “They don’t leave tracks,” Burlap moaned.

 I snarled, “Who doesn’t?”

 “Ghosts. And those as live past their four score years
 an’ ten. That’s why the police when they came out here
 to ’vestigate didn’t find no footprints. They don’t leave
28

ARGOSY

 tracks on this island. Especially those that float away.”

   I wondered if the owner of those clothes had floated
 away. I rather hoped so. A lot of things were floating
 away from the island right then: bushes, driftwood, all
 the rubble which is collected by a rising tide. I could tell
 the river was higher, for water gleamed in the thickets
 where the underbrush was awash*

   At the front of the house there was a stretch of open
 beach; and as we rounded the veranda, river water surged
 across the beach and turned it into a lake.

   That scared me. The river was far above its ordinary
 level. Six inches higher and it would sweep across the
 island.

   I stared at the channel in alarm. We had to get to
 high ground and get there quick.

   Then I saw at the end of the beach a mired rowboat.
 I splashed out across the flooded spit of land, Edith and
 Burlap after me. I couldn’t help a cry of disappointment.

   It was a boat, all right, but there wasn’t any bottom
 in it. Like the house and the skeleton dog, it had been
 abandoned for many years.

   “We’ve got to do something,” I wailed at Edith. “An-
 other half hour and this island will be under water. Bur-
 lap!” I pulled his arm. “We must find dry wood and
 make a fire. We’ve got to signal.”

   He shook his dented head. “No use,” he mourned.
“Wouldn’t nobody see it. Ain’t no farmhouses ’long here
fer three miles on either side; wouldn’t nobody dast
come around this island, neither.”

  “You’ve got to help me!” I yanked him. “Don’t
gawp there! We’ve got to find boards—nails—make a
raft! Don’t you realize there’s a flood?”

   His weak eyes filled with fright as if he hadn’t no-
 ticed this imminent danger. “Susquehanna can rise mighty
 fast once she’s started. Can’t remember when she was
 up this bad. What with her an’ the colonel, looks like
 I’ll never see my Jessie again.”

 rPHE colonel f With all that river in front of my face,
 ^ I’d forgotten. I said, “Colonel be damned!” which
 'was something I should have said at nine o’clock in the
 evening when Edith had told me about him in the warmth
 and dry security of that Binghamton hotel.

   Now I spoke too late.

   Edith said, “Charlie!”

   I turned to see her rooted in two inches of beach-
 water, rigid as statuary, her profile fixed as marble, star-
 ing at the old moon-gloomed house. Water was already
 creeping around the foundations, lapping at the warped
 front veranda, purling around the support posts of one
 rickety front wing that extended out over the river.

   Edith wasn’t concerned with that. Her eyes were on
 an upper story window, a third-floor window of that wing
 which was built out over the water.

   She said in a flatted, metallic undertone, “Charlie, there
 he is.”

   Yes, and what’s more, there he was! I saw it, and
friend Burlap saw it, too. The face beyond the shutters.
Moonlight was focused on the window at that moment,
and looking up, we saw it clearly.

   The shutters hung awry there, and moonglow, raying
 through the broken slats, illuminated that impossible
 physiognomy.

   If it wasn’t a specter, I never saw one. Somnambulistic,
 pale, it was some distance beyond the window sill, as if

 levitated in the room’s inner darkness. It hung there
 like an interior moon.

   The features weren’t plain, but it was a man’s face
garnished with golden whiskers and a pompous crest
of hair. Black-robed shoulders supported this appari-
tional countenance; and there, winking and twinkling
and throwing out a handful of moonbeams from the
phantom chest, was the diamond!

   Lord! When a dog’s howl wailed up in the night at that
moment I almost hopped out of my skin.

   Then the moon was drowned by a cloud, and the lunar
light went out, and the face was gone. Midnight plunged
around us with a thunder crash. Rain sluiced down. A
shadow darted by me in the water-swirl.

   “Charlie, I’m going in!”

   Edith was running for the house.

T CAUGHT her with, a flying tackle, and we grappled
idiotically in the mud. She wrenched to escape my
clutch.

   “Charlie, let me go! You can’t hold me back! Don’t
you see what this means? Missing mayor turns up after
■seventy years! Found recluse in island house! Keeps
alive on drugs to a hundred and ten! What a headline—
what a newspaper story!”

   I panted, “Keep your shirt on. You can’t go in alone.
If someone’s in there—”

   She struggled. “Didn’t you see the face? Didn’^ you
see th« diamond? Didn’t you see?”

   “I saw something,” I whispered. “Stay close behind
me. I’ll go in first.”

  Courage? Not a bit of it. I knew that 1870 poli-
tician couldn’t be there. I was telling myself I’d been sub-
ject to a mass illusion: an illusion made up of moonlight
and shadows, imagination and the island’s seance atmos-
phere.

   The night and river and spook-lore had played on our
communal nerves. Spirit mediums and mesmerists know
the trick. Extrasensory impressionism. Get people con-
vinced they’re going to see something and the vision forms
on their retina.

   Yet I was certain I’d seen a diamond. It had twinkled
like Tiffany’s window. It’s funny how your mind can re-
ject part of a delusion but hold on to the part you like.

   I didn’t want to believe in the colonel; I preferred to-
believe in his diamond. I thought somebody had left
a cloak hanging on a hat-tree: the face was an hallucina-
tion, but the sparkler was real, pinned to the cloak.

   The truth is, that diamond-shine had hit me in the
solar plexus and knocked the last vestige of intelligence
out of me. I had a treasure-fever delirium of about three
hundred degrees. ■

   That I wanted the gem for Edith was no defense. I
went into that creaky old house and let Edith come after
me. Crazy Clyde had the brains of a sage in comparison.

   I crept up on the veranda with the lantern, and there
was one of those doors. One of those vacant-house doors
that stand ajar on broken hinges, giving view to a black,
musty hallway within.

  Wow! that house was musty. The breath exuded by
that door was a halitosis of mould and damp-rot, decom-
posing wood and stale plaster, as if the house itself was
dead and full of decay-gas.

   The river had been in that house, and the wind and
the rain. I let the lantern-light sneak in ahead of me,
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

29

and the inky, recessed dampness all blit extinguished the
feeble glimmer.

  The hall was carpeted with a slippery, brown paste of
silt. Water leaked down bare walls from which the paper
had long since peeled; the ceiling was covered with sweat-
beads that dripped. The downpour was drumming into
the place.

  Edith pressing me from the rear, I balked on that dank
threshhold, listening to inner winds and a thousand minor
drips and dribblfes.

  I advanced three steps and stopped. The silt underfoot
felt like grease. My lantern had discovered something
crouching along the sidewall. It wasn’t a hippopotamus.
Only an old, rotted sofa, the leather moss-backed with
mould, the, ruptured belly giving out viscera of horsehair
and springs.

  Exploring ahead, the lantern gleams found a staircase.
Steps out of kilter; bannister listing, it toiled drunkenly
up to the green-black darkness of an upper balcony.

  I started, rubber-kneed, for that flight of stairs. Then
I got a jolt.

1DOBINSON CRUSOE spying Friday’s footprint in the
sand didn’t get one by half. Friday’s foot wasn’t
half as big. There it was, on the muddy carpet of the
hall—the print of a man’s bare foot, as plain as an impress
in plaster.

  It was a big foot, too. A left foot. The bare foot of
a man proportioned like a pachyderm.

  And the right foot was'printed ahead of it. Then the
left foot again. Then right, left, right, left, those bare-
foot prints went up the stairs.

  I wasn’t going to scare Edith, but she spied it.

  She breathed, “Charlie, it’s he!”

  It was like her to have her pronouns correct at such
a time. Behind her, Crazy Clyde let out a gasp; and
when I spun at the sound, surprised to find him in the
van, he was bent at the middle, hands clutching his
stomach as if it had turned into a green apple, staring
at the footprints with jack-o’-lantern eyes.

  “I’m sick,” he moaned. “It’s him! He was out there
a-swimmin’ in th’ river, an’ when he seen us cornin’ he
left his clothes an’ run back here to th’ house. He’s
upstairs right now—an’ I’ve swallered my cud!”

  The great Pinkerton couldn’t have regurgitated a more
sensible theory: there was something in common between
those size twelve footprints and the size twelve Endicott-
Johnson’s we’d found.

  But I wouldn’t accept the deduction. I was too
diamond-conscious, right then. I snarled, low, “Those
prints might’ve been left here a week ago. You two stay
down here with the lantern.”

  I fumbled out my cigarette lighter. “I’m going up-
stairs.”

  “You and I, both,” Edith whispered. “This is my
story and I’m sticking to it.”

  Burlap refused to be left behind with his thoughts, so
we all went up the stairs. The footprints crossed the
balcony and pattered up another flight of stairs; we fol-
lowed on tiptoe, bunched together, creeping like mice. I
pretended nobody could’ve heard us.

  The rain was beating down a steady roar and around us
the walls gurgled like a thousand leaking plumbing pipes.
But the stair-steps creaked and cried out as if we were
treading on somebody’s toes.

  Burlap’s clodhoppers thumped. Edith rattled her stick
against the bannister. I know I was breathing like an
accordion.

T’M SURE an owl-hoot would have sent us tumbling

  down two flights aheap, but somehow we reached the
third floor. The journey hardened my nerves. I was
positive the tracks were weeks old.

  New or old, they couldn’t belong to any ex-mayor of
Binghamton, fabulously vigorous at the age of one hun-
dred and ten. No, ghosts, as Burlap had declared, didn’t
leave tracks on this or any island.

  These prints had been made by some prowler who had
visited the house like us. They padded down a long third-
floor corridor, turned left with the corridor and proceeded
out into the front wing.

  This quarter of the house was dry. The flooring was
warped and bulgy, the plaster cracking, but we ran into
dust and cobwebs. Gangrene hadn’t infected the wood-
work.

  I remember thinking that this wing was newer than the
rest of the house; the roof was sound; probably a built-on
addition.

  Not that the architecture was modern or that I gave it
much study; but the atmosphere had stuffied to that of a
long-closed attic. The footprints smudged down the
hall, entered a wide empty room. I sent the lanternlight
in after them; then, craning in over the threshhold, saw
nobody there.

  Edith peeped over my one shoulder; Burlap peeped
over the other; stalled in the doorway, we all peered.

  Edith whispered, “They’re gone!”

  She meant the tracks. But there was no place for them
to go. I flicked lantern light to the corners of the room.
Empty! Bare floor, walls and ceiling. One window com-
pletely boarded up from the inside. One door—the door
where we stood.

  “The foot prints went on into the room, circled the
dusty floor as if uncertain about where to go. Tracks,
like’the people who make them, have to go somewhere.

  But these tracks were different. They walked around
on the warp-tilted floor, then they sidled along the right-
hand wall, then they stopped. They didn’t go on, and
they didn’t come back.

  End of the line!

  Not quite. There was one thing left. My hair roots
froze as the lantern light found it at the end of the track.
Lying on the floor: a dirty undershirt. Wet and smeared.

  As if the man who wore it had come to that final wall,
and melted to a B.V.D.

CHAPTER VIII

MONSTER OF THE FLOOD

TT WAS worse than a suit. Worse than white dog-bones.

  Worse than that abandoned corn patch with its secret
jasmine bush. Worse than that moon-conjured face. That
lonely shimmy shirt.

  I picked it up between two fingers and looked under
it as if to see a tiny human form melting off into the
floor -cracks.

  Nothing. Just the floor. Not even a hole where a
mouse could’ve scurried under the base-board.

Burlap uttered a gruesome croak. “I told you! They
30

ARGOSY

don’t leave tracks on this island. Spirits goes around in
the air, an’ men who lives past a hundred walk light-foot.
My pa was a grave-digger, an’ he told me. The dead
don’t leave no tracks—especially those what float away.”

  The Scotch have a word for it. Cauld grue. That’s
what I experienced then. A wind down my collar right out
of an ice box.

  Crazy Clyde went on croaking about the colonel’s ghost
and drowned corpses swimming under water down at
Medwick’s Mill; and confronted by that footprint phe-
nomenon, I was ready to believe the saga of the five
drowned diamond-hunters, and prepared to abandon the
search.

  I dropped that empty undershirt and it hit on the floor
with a wet slap. My treasure-fever turned into a chill.

  Edith whispered, “The wall!”

  I looked at her, my teeth clicking. “Huh?”

  Snatching the lantern from me, she held it up. I stared
at the wall. I couldn’t see anything but blank plaster
and shadow-patterns.	*

  “See there,” Edith gasped. “That big spider web. It
stretches from the ceiling to the base-board. It’s just
been torn! The spider hasn’t had time to rebuild the
thing!”

  I didn’t register. I thought she was scared by the
spider—a big, black river spider which came scaling down
the wall like an ink-splash on the end of a silver thread.

  Whacking out with my gun-butt, I smashed the beast.
Thump! The blow made a dull sound, blotting the spider
on the wall plaster.

  “Why, it’s hollow!” I gasped. “A hollow wall!”

  “Yes. There’s an opening here, and somebody’s gone
through. That’s what tore the spider web.” Edith point-
ed an excited finger. “That’s where the man who left
that gym shirt must’ve gone.”

  I was knocking on the wall with the gun, trying to
knock softly. Edith was holding up the lantern. Cracks
were zigzagged all over the wall like frontiers in a map
of Europe, and when one vertical crack suddenly widened
it was like a minor earthquake.

  A sudden mechanical grinding sound came from the
plaster, like the gears of a grandfather clock getting ready
to strike. My thumps must have touched off some se-
creted mechanism.

  The plaster moved. White dust smoked before my
eyes. Hidden hinges squealed and a section of the wall
swung inward and I was staring dumbstruck into a secret
attic chamber.

I WON’T soon forget that snug little hide-away. It was
the sort of top-floor room where your great-aunt might
store some heirloom furniture and her wedding dress to
keep it from the moths.

  The walls were paneled with cedar; the air was stale but
dry. In the window at the left the outside shutters were
broken, but the glass was intact, keeping out the rain.

  The room was bare of furniture; there were no foot
tracks on the floor.

  But there was a man in that room: a great, barrel-
sized, imposing figure—large as life and twice as handsome
—dominating the back wall! He was seated in a chair
like a king on his throne, facing us with our lantern in
the door.

  His eyes stared at us, unwinking in the lantern shine.
His smile was imperious and commanding.

  His personality filled the room; in his judicial robes he
looked as important as Henry VIII. Golden hair and
whiskers framed his face like an aura around the sun; on
his bosom the diamond glimmered like a star.

  And wonderfully, impossibly, as if held aloft by inflated
ego, he seemed to be levitated, chair and all, in the air.
“His Honor the Mayor!”

  Edith’s voice was hollowed in awe.

  I don’t wonder Clyde Burlap fell to his knees in a
sort of salaam. The trick of shadows and lantern shine
and unexpectedness and eye-magination gave that figure
on the back wall a reality that stopped my heart.

  It was a wonderful likeness. Remarkable! It took me
a minute that seemed a year to see it was a picture.

  “Get up!” Edith yanked on Burlap’s collar. “It’s only,
a painting. It’s that portrait the colonel had made of him-
self. My, Charlie, isn’t it amazing!”

T COULDN’T answer, it was that amazing. I suppose an
art critic would have called it a rotten portrait. The
flesh tones were too pink; the beard too dandelion-yellow;
the features too pompously glorified.

  But I’d like to know the artist who did that thing. I’m
sure he kidded his subject and his subject didn’t know it.

  He had painted an election poster: but in so doing he
had brought out the bombast Und politician character, the
back-slapper and skullduggerer, the florid, beefy, Boss-
Tweedy, genial impostor of our Grant’s Administration
period.

  It was more than a canvas painted by brush and oils.
It was a masterpiece for the American Museum. Framed
on the wall, it was so lifelike I half expected the painted
figure to stand up and demand to know what we were
doing there.	.

  “So that’s what we saw in the window!” Edith moved
past me. “Looking up from the ground below, with the
moonlight through the shutters and the picture hanging
at that angle—that’s what we saw!”

  She raised the lantern higher. Sparks showered from
the diamond on the portrait’s bosom. I caught her arm.
“Edith!”

  Burlap, stepping on my heels, asked with surprising
sense, “Even if it’s only a pitcher, what’s it doin’ here?
An’ that diamond ain’t painted—”

  “I whispered, “No!” Ten feet from the picture, I
halted again to stare. The gem winked, blinkered and
shone, brightening in the nearer lantern light. I whis-
pered, “My Lord, it’s real. A real diamond. Edith it’s
enormous! Pinned to the picture! ”

  I know I took two steps toward that bonanza. That
blazing gem had me magnetized. Then a lot of things
happened at once. Crazy Clyde’s observation sank in, and
I stalled to gasp, “How did that painting come here?”

  Our dim-witted guide made the brightest remark q{ the
evening: “A picture can’t take off its undershirt an’ leave
foottracks! ”

  Edith cried out, “We’re moving! Charlie, Charlie! The
house is moving! ”

  There was a rumbling under the floor. The room tilt-
ed, lurched. Lightning blazed at the window, and for-
getting everything else, I rushed to look out.

  Four terrific flashes exploded in the sky; and looking
down through the rain-blur I saw a swirling tide of water.
The house was adrift: we were going down the river!

  Then there was a fifth explosion. It came from the
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

31

door—the secret door of that attic chamber. A stunning
gun-shot. Wham! It smashed the lantern in Edith’s
hand. She screamed.

  The room went black as pitch. But there was some-
one standing in that door. A figure blacker than the
blackness.

  I knew it had a pistol in its hand; and then it spoke
to us in a deep, basso monotone.

  “I can see you in the dark, you three! Hands up! Keep
them up! So I’m only a picture, am I? Thieves! Tres-
passers! I’ll show you what happens to those who try
to steal my stone!”

  Lightning flared again at the window, and in the blue
witch-shine the speaker was revealed. His bulk filled the
door frame in terrible menace. His revolver looked bigger
than a cannon.

  He was robed in midnight black, and he peered at us
with eyes that gleamed topaz under a thicket of tangled
yellow hair, and his left hand petted a beard that looked
like golden sea-weed.

  “The colonel!” Burlap wailed.

  This time it wasn’t a painting.

IT LAUGHED as the lightning went out: a laugh that
rang through the swimming darkness of that house
like iron blows on an anvil.

  “So you thought you could make off with it, did you?
You came here to snaffle my gem? As if the ungrateful
voters in Binghamton didn’t take enough away from me;
the scheming insurance adjustors, the rascals in City Hall!

  “Didn’t they get my mansion, my real estate holdings,
my stocks and bonds, my private property? Didn’t they
get enough?”

  Booming like a low-keyed pipe organ, the voice rumbled
through outer tympani of thunder and the snare-drum-
ming of rain.

  The room tipped and tilted, rocking uncertainly, and I
was seasick. Deathly seasick. I could hear Edith’s
breath sobbing; Burlap gulping like a cow. He moaned,
“Please, Mister Mayor—”

  “Don’t appeal to me!” came the booming answer. “And
stand where you are. Keep your hands high. I can see
you. Don’t appeal to me, Clyde Burlap, and don’t move
or I’ll put a bullet through you.”

  Burlap wailed, “Oh, my glory! he knows my name.”

  Again that anvil-clang laugh. “Sure I know you.
Didn’t I get your father a job as municipal grave-digger?
Didn’t I give him charge of the potter’s field? Then he
went and told on me!

  “Sure! That the substitute corpse grew red hair in-
stead of like mine. That’s gratitude, wasn’t it? But
what can the mayor of a city expect?

  “Election day they all climb on the band wagon. Every
office-seeker and citizen is his friend. Let anything go
wrong, though, they forget they elected him. Call him a
politician, a ward-heeler a grafter!”

OUTSIDE there was a deafening thunder burst; blue
lightning sheeted through the window; we had an-
other flittergibbet glimpse of that yellow-bearded, boom-
voiced visitation.

  The eyes glittered and the aimed revolver meant busi-
ness. I stood shatterpated, arms lifted numb, unable
to breathe.

  The flooring sank*, rose and settled as downstairs there

was a rending of timber as if a section of the house were
breaking away.

  “So you couldn’t leave me alone?” Anger harsh-
ened the iron laugh. “You couldn’t leave me with my last
few belongings to live out here in peace!

  “First it was old man Dinkloofer—I ain’t forgot even if
it was forty years ago—sneakin’ out here to get his
greedy Dutch hands on my diamond.

  “Then it was that yokel, Gawzberry—as if a rube like
that could take anything from me!

  “The blacksmith made more trouble—I ain’t as mus-
cular as when I used to swim through the Susquehanna
ice—and the Chinaman was more clever—he wanted my
secret drug as well as my diamond—but I got him, too.

  “As for Strool last year, with that vegetable on his
neck—but that thing was drowning him, anyhow, and
I only saved it the trouble.”

  I don’t know where Edith got the nerve to speak out.
My own throat couldn’t utter a sound. She said in a
strained voice, “You confess to murdering them, then?
You confess to drowning those five?”

  “Make another big headline for your newspapers,
wouldn’t it?” was the harsh answer. “As if the newspa-
pers haven’t already made me enough trouble! But, all
right, lady, I confess. That’s all the good it’ll do you.”

  The threat was unmistakable. I was planning to at-
tack him, anyway, and the floor helped me to get started.

  There was a lurch as if the house were going over a
tidal wave; the flooring tipped up violently, throwing me
headlong at the door. The enemy was also rocked off bal-
ance, and I collided into him a-cropper.

  Luckily I caught the wrist of his gun-hand; with un-
intentional jiu jitsu twisted the weapon out of his clutch.

  I heard the revolver drop; remembered that I held an
empty horse pistol; brought the barrel whanging down
on my adversary’s invisible head.

  I must’ve stunned him momentarily, for he gave a
kind of sigh and relaxed like a sack of meat in my arms.
I got an asphyxiating breath of whisky that staggered me
more than his weight.

  But the armistice was only momentary. He revived
with a squall; came over on top of me as the floor tilted
back; wrapped his arms around me in the dark, and
squeezed like a grizzly bear.

  I’d like to forget that awful scrimmage, then. Try to
imagine a wrestling match with a hundred-and-ten-year-
old politician: flimflammer, absconderer and clapperclaw;
two hundred and fifty pounds of flesh vitalized by gel-
semium—

  A monster like that, in a house adrift on a flooded river!
Lord!

CHAPTER IX

medwick’s mill

TTE HUGGED. I pounded. We waltzed. Electrical
flashes lit the scene. The room swayed with the
house as we danced.

  Edith huddled by the window, her elbows over her head.
Crazy Clyde stood in a corner playing blub-blub-blub on
his lowerjip with a finger.

The painting of His Honor the Mayor looked on.

  The fleshly rejuvenation of His Honor the Mayor was
crushing me in his clasp as if I were a bushel basket.
32

ARGOSY

Whirling me in suffocating embrace. Breathing in my face
like a distillery. Bawling, “You can’t have the diamond 1,
It’s mine! It’s mine!”

  I pounded on his head with the horse pistol, and the
blows made the sickening sound of hammer-taps on a
muskmelon. I couldn’t knock him out. In my despera-
tion, I saw myself being squeezed to a jelly.

  How could I knock out an athlete who survived icy
rivers, sported hatless in blizzards, wrestled like the
Terrible Turk at the ripe old age of a century?

  We waltzed out into the attic where the footprints had
ended in a gym shirt; fell on the tilting floor; rolled;
acrobatted to our feet; went around the attic, locked to-
gether, in a sort of wild, jitterbug swirl.

  Cloth tore as the creature’s black coak wrapped around
me. Every time I hit him, he grunted and tightened the
squeeze.

  I could feel my ribs beginning to stave. My lungs
were collapsing. I couldn’t gasp.

  With my free left hand I clutched a meaty throat; I
might as well have tried to throttle a water buffalo.

  The fight carried back into the secret chamber where
the portrait watched, its painted eyes seeming to follow
us in the lightning flares.

  Edith got into it, whaling at my assailant with her
hickory, stick. The stick broke apart like punk and the
splinters got in my mouth, tasting like a chewed pencil.

  Crazy Clyde somehow got mixed in, and the four of us
in the middle of the floor went merry-go-round.

rPHE house lurched, throwing us to the floor in a strug-
* gling heap, me on the bottom. That squeeze was
killing me. In the blackness and jumping storm-light, the
play of glares and shadows there seemed to be two mayors:
one who mashed me in murderous rough-house; the other,
imperious, arrogantly posed in his robes with his princely
diamond, watching himself in gladiatorial combat from a
box seat.

  I could hear Edith screaming and Burlap caterwauling
and the monster on top of me bellowing like a bull. He
was banging my head on the cedar floorboards and sky-
rockets were lighting my brain.

  I tried to shout, “Edith! Edith! Get away!” She
must have been hitting him with the broken lantern,
for ..there was a shower of kerosene oil.

  In this nightmare, I had the impression of my left
hand in my assailant’s beard, pulling hair out by the
roots. He squalled, “Get away? She can’t get out of
the house! It’s sinking in the river, damn you! I’ve got
you trapped!”

  Iron smashed me under the chin as, suddenly, his grip
let go. I knew he’d recovered his pistol.

  I wasn’t out cold. Just cold enough to have to lie there
as he flounced to his feet, gorilla-savage with his gun.
“Back!” he roared at Edith. “Back into that corner by
the window! Up with the hands! One move, and this
time I’ll blow your pretty head off.”

  In a flame-dance of lightning, he towered like a
wrecked Dracula. His cape was torn loose, exposing a
fat, hairy shoulder. His face was terrible.

  Crimson rivulets leaked down his cheeks from red
patches of bald scalp where my blows had removsd patches
of hair. From one side of his jaw the blond beard had
been tom. Mouth and chin were a scarlet smear.

  He steadied as the flooring tipped, sweeping the room

 with his gun. In that snicker-snack of lightning he no
 longer resembled the glorified picture.

 Edith retreated, arms lifted, eyes terrified, moving in
 automatic obedience.

 He stepped at Burlap; dealt him a kick that flung
 him helterskelter into the corner with the girl. “Stand
 there with her, you dunce! Lift those hands and keep
 them lifted, or I’ll blast another dent in your brain. You,
 too! ” he roared down at me. “Into that corner, there!”

 I couldn’t stir. I could only look up at him in dreary
 apprehension. Stunned nerves held me spread-eagled.

 He walked to me; stepped on my wrist; kicked the use-
 less horse pistol out of my right hand; booted me across '
 the floor into the window-corner.

 “Stand up!”

 Grasping the windowsill, I pulled myself upright.

 “Lift the mitts!”

 Somehow I forced up my hands.

 HPHERE was a minute while the room was black and
 the floor undulated. Silence filled with the crying of
 •wind, water-rush, drumming rain. The house shook and
 rumbled.

 In this midnight the diamond in the portrait on the
 backwall gave off a faint shine; I could see our assailant’s
 silhouette, blacker than the chambered blackness, posed
 in midfloor.

 Apparently he was making up his mind.

 He snarled “I’d like to riddle you—the three of you.
 But they’d find the bullets in your bodies. The old way
 is better. By Judas, I’m going to let you drown!”

 I tried to tell him he couldn’t do that—couldn’t; drown
 Edith—but my tongue was stunned; I couldn’t utter a
 sound.

 “I’m going to let you drown,” the voice came, baleful.
 “I’m going to drown you like I drowned the others—the
 old Dutchman and Gawzberry, Big Ben and Ching and
 Professor Strool.”

 An electrical flare lit his face, and he roared a laugh.

 “The house is going. They’ll think it was the flood.
 We’ll be at the rapids soon, and the house will break up
 into kindling. You can’t get out of this room. When I
 go out I’m going to smash the mechanism of that door
 so it locks you in.

 “But just to make sure, I’m going to bash each one
 of you on the head before I go, and knock you cold.
 They’ll think you was bashed when the house went down.
 So you won’t know it when you drown . . .”

 He was mad. Stark bestial. Something in his grinding
 snarl told me he was going to do it, and the knowledge
 paralyzed my will. Edith, beside me, stood rigid as stone.

 Nothing we could do in the face of that revolver. That
 death sentence held us like a spell.

 “But first”—our executioner drew out the sentence to
 its last drop of sadistic enjoyment— “first I’m going to
 have my property.

 “I think I’ll leave the picture with you—to watch you
 drown. But not the diamond. I’m taking that with me.
 Now my house is gone, I may need spending money.

 “Thirty thousand dollars. Oh ho! I want you to see I’m
 taking my diamond with me.”

 TTE WAS moving backward toward the painting, chuck-
 ling in contemplation of our terror. Lightning
 flashed blue into the room; he shouted, “Don’t move!”
HIS HONOR IS MISSING

33

  Stepping back against the canvas, he made an avid, up-
ward grab.

  His hand never touched the blazing sparkler. Those
greedy fingers—I’ll never forget them if I live to be a
million. They reached up—not high enough.

  They closed on a handful of air. Then they clawed on
the canvas portrait, and for a split second seemed to cling,
as if the grabber, fallen to his knees, were clutching the
portrait’s painted robes.

  It was over in that space of a lightning-flicker: the man’s
blood-curdling shriek; his fingers clawing down the pic-
ture; his body going through the floor.

  Before our eyes in a flash he had melted away: two hun-
dred and fifty pounds of flesh in vanishment. There was
a great gust of wind, a smell of the river, the floor opened
under him and he wasn’t there.

  He had dropped away.

  Only his scream remained, trailing up from somewhere
far below. I broke from shock with the others; we
jumped toward the picture.

  I screamed, “Edith, be careful!” On her knees, she was
feeling the floorboards ahead of her. She found the trans-
verse floor-cracks and opened the trap door.

  And that was the last horror. That square of hinged
flooring directly under the picture, swinging downward and
revealing that slippery-walled shaft which went three
floors down to the river like a laundry chute.

  There was some laundry down there, too.

  Water roared and boiled, and a gust of river-breath hit
us in the face as we peered down, and there was a dread-
ful, gargling screech.

  Lightning lit up the whirlpool under the shaft, and we
saw the white face looking up. A bald-headed face. Pudgy
and popeyed. Washed clean of its yellow beard and hair.

  In that final glimpse all of us had a flash of recog-
nition.

  Edith screamed down, “You’re not the colonel!”

  I yelled, “The fat man from the hotel!”

  Burlap wailed, “Hans Dinkloofer!”

  The man’s answer was to scream his own death sen-
tence. “I’m tangled in the cloak! I can’t swiiiim!”

  Brown water closed over the face and it was gone. Edith
let the trap swing back into place with a slam. Crazy
Clyde, scared sane, cried, “Golden Jerusalem! let’s get out
of here!”

WE GOT out of there. Out of that trick-box room and
out of the attic and, four at a time, down the stairs.

  We got out of the house. The lower hall was three feet
deep in water, and we got out on the gold leather sofa
which was floating around like a hippopotamus.

  I can see us yet as we paddled that monstrosity across
the billows of that thundering flood. Edith sat on the
head while I furnished the propeller.

  I didn’t mind Burlap, squatting amidships and dabbling
the water with his fingers, crying, “Toot! Toot! I’m cap-
tain!” I was almost loony with fear, myself.

  What I minded was the river sweeping us into the eddy
at Medwick’s Mill. We might have landed in a happier
spot, come to think of five others who had drifted to port
there.

  The old house went on down. As we clambered up on
the wall of the flooded millrace, we saw it swirling outward
in a deeper channel. I found myself clutching a tuft of
corn-silk in my wet hand, and I wondered how it got there.

Little things can bother you at a time like that. It felt like
a handful of beard-hair.

  Then I was bothered by something bigger. The house
turned around in midriver; heeled in an undercurrent and
came circling close to the mill.

  Thunderbolts darting around the sky gave us a glimpse
of that upper window: that ghostly, pomp-whiskered face
beyond the shutters, like a spirit materialization, and the
beckoning twinkle of that diamond.

  Only once after that I looked back—not until we had
reached hilltop above the flooded valley. The house,
snagged in the rapids, was breaking up.

CHAPTER X

CREAM OF THE JEST

A ND that’s the story of the mayor of a city who com-
mitted suicide and then, after he was buried and the
grave-diggers went home, the insurance companies said
it wasn’t the mayor at all; that some stooge had been
buried in the mayor’s place.

  And the question then, naturally, was where was the
mayor? Whose funeral was it?

  Was it kidnaping—a traction scandal—politics—an in-
surance gag—a case of cherchez la femme? Did the foul
hand of murder clutch shadowy fingers around City Hall?

  Folks are still asking those questions about this famous
case, and if you want to know the answers you must look
for them, as Edith Johnwell did, in Binghamton, N. Y.

  Maybe you can find out more about him than Edith did.
Maybe your research won’t be washed out by a flood. Or
maybe, seeking the answer to one mystery, you’ll run into
another—find the impostor impersonated by an impostor,

  They never found the fat man’s body. They never
found the picture or the diamond. The up-state floods
were pretty bad that year, if you remember; besides wip-
ing that island clean of that haunted house, the Susquehan-
na wiped out some riverfront sections of Binghamton.

  The police, busy with the flood relief, thought Edith
and I must’ve been attacked by some chance vagrant;
they didn’t believe poor Burlap’s insistence that old man
Dinkloofer’s son, Hans, had come back after many years’
absence.

  They reminded Crazy Clyde that he was crazy.

  But I remembered the hotel bellhop paging a “Mr.
Dinglehoofer.” The name wasn’t registered at the hotel
and the boy couldn’t remember, but next day there wasn’t
any fat man in evidence around the lobby.

  So I think what happened was this: that man I took
for a hotel dick was old man Dinkloofer’s prodigal son.
Returned to his home town after a circus career (I won-
dered if he’d been a clown) he’d overheard Edith telling
me the biography of the vanished ex-mayor.

  From his father’s ill-fated involvement, he knew the
local legend. Perhaps he’d never given it much credence.

  Or perhaps, in need of funds, he’d returned after years
on the road to investigate the matter.

  Hearing Edith polishing off the old diamond story—
finding it still fresh and bright—he’d beat our time out
to the island to get there first.

  Maybe he raced down the right bank of the river while
we toiled with Jessie down the left. I think he swam out
to the island, carrying his clothes in a bundle, and landed
just aiiead of us.
34

ARGOSY

  He saw our rowboat making for the mud bank, and he
didn’t have time to get dressed. So as not to leave tracks,
he waded around the island’s fringe (the rain wiped out
his tracks up the mud-bank) and, invisible in the night,
he let out those dog-howls to scare us.

  Barefoot in his underwear, he sneaked into the haunted
house; up to the attic.

  He must have known about the secret room from his
father, or suspected its location from a glimpse of the
portrait in that upper window. Or maybe he found it by
accident, pausing to lean against that bare wall.

  At any rate he opened the hidden door. Meantime he
heard us entering the house. We were probably close on
his heels. He wiped his wet feet on his gym shirt to avoid
leaving any more footprints, and ducked into the secret-
chamber.

TF7HAT puzzles me is how he got out. Perhaps he
™ squeezed through the window, shut it after him and
climbed down a drain pipe to the ground—a difficult feat
for a man of such corpulence.

  In which case—unless he failed to spy it in the dark—he
would’ve tried to grab the diamond first.

  I’m inclined to believe he opened the trick door, looked
in, heard us coming up the stairs, closed the panel and
skedaddled into another quarter of the wing, his dried
feet careful not to leave tracks.

  Concealed from sight, he heard us blunder into the
hidden room.

  He didn’t dare to shoot us, although he’d brought a re-
volver. He was wild to get his fingers on that diamond;
doubtless his first intent was to scare us galley west. So
he put on that colonel stunt, coming into the secret door-
way behind us.

  Where did he get the black cloak? Maybe he found it
there in the attic. An old drapery or a black’ velvet curtain
from one of the forgotten bedrooms would have served.

  The villainous role was easy under the circumstances, es-
pecially to one who had been a showman. That gem-lust-
ing Cagliostro knew how to stage an act when there was a
thirty-thousand-dollar bauble at stake.

   The false beard, of course, was corn silk.

  But that twinkling sparkler was his undoing, as it
would’ve been mine.

  I don’t mean that the lure of that fabulous stone would
have driven me to murder; but certainly I would have
fallen victim to that devil’s trap, as he had. Yes, he saved
me from that.

  He didn’t know about the trap door and the laundry
chute to the river. He knew they had gone there, but he
didn’t know the exit by which Old Man Dinkloofer and
Jed Gawzberry, Big Ben and Ching the Chinaman and
Professor Strool had left the house for the mourgish wa-
ters of Medwick’s Mill.

  I felt sorry for those five when I saw the trap, but that
greedy fat man got his just deserts. He would’ve mur-
dered us in cold blood for that stone. It looked as big as
the Kohinoor, and the twinkle, more than my hammer-
taps, drove him mad.

  Edith doesn’t like this explanation, but then she isn’t
writing this story. She refused to write it. She gave up
the newspaper profession and the series about vanished
men; she says she’s willing to leave them to the Missing
Persons’ Bureau, and a wife’s place is in the home.

THE

 OUT, while I’ve put this down, she’s done a lot of kibitz-
 ing. Her idea is that the bogeyman who attacked us
 was really the colonel.

   'She believes that he kept himself alive in that island
 hide-out with his insidious jasmine drug; that he lived as
 a recluse in that secret room nourishing himself on gel-
 semium and preening-himself before his portrait, polish-
 ing his diamond and waiting for visitors to victimize as a
 spider waits for flies.

   He kept his whiskers shaved perhaps, to avoid possible
 detection, but he loved them so much he preserved them
 in a box.

   Then it hurt his ego when we said he was only a picture;
 so he pinned on his glorious beard to show us what he
 looked like. I think that’s pretty far fetched, and it
 doesn’t account for that handful of corn silk, but Edith
 sees it that way.

   She thinks the colonel was a charlatan; points to the
 fact that his best friend was a man named Hull, and that
 a man named Hull became famous around Binghamton
 at the time exploiting a fake fossilized mummy known as
 the Cardiff Giant.

   Birds of a feather flocking together, says Edith. Edith
 doesn’t like the colonel.

   Somehow I do. Going over his record, I’ve come to
 enjoy the ingenious fellow. Lots of us today are on the
 verge of bankruptcy—rather a national institution. As a
 politician he was the product of his time, and his time
 produced some pretty slick politicians.

   The whiskers, the portrait in oils, the diamond which
 I’ve come to believe was probably paste, were common
 to the bigwigs of the era. But the colonel’s ingenuity was
 uncommon.

   The defection was never proved—the insurance com-
 panies canceled payment on misstatements in the appli-
 cations—but I’m inclined to believe the colonel, abetted
 by friend Hull, rigged up a bogus suicide and rung in a
 counterfeit corpse.

   Then I like to picture the colonel scuttling off to his
 secluded river island, installing himself with his beard, his
 portrait and his diamond in the abandoned house.

   I like to picture him living there in jolly solitude while
 the local hawkshaws ran about in bafflement, and conster-
 nation addled the rocking-chair brigade.

   I can imagine friend Hull dressing up as a woman in
 black and rowing out to the island with the latest reports.
 I can fancy the two boys doubling with laughter at the
 gossip of the colonel’s, appearance in Mexico.

   I can see, too-, how a man of the colonel’s risibilities
 might have been offended at some of the talk, especially the
 self-righteous indignation of investors who had gambled
 with him and lost.

   “Back-biters! Fair-weather friends! Hull, I want you
 to start a whisper that I’ve left my diamond out here.
 Before I do pull out for foreign parts, I’ll show them!

   Pure speculation, of course, because there’s no record
 the colonel did have a portrait or a diamond. But I like
 to imagine him hanging up that picture. Baiting the lure.

   Constructing that man-trap—as a moral lesson to the
 greedy, if you will—down on his knees on the floor of that
 upper room. Boring with a big auger.'

                                  "I bore with a big auger."

                                                   Colonel Dwight.

END
Patrioteer

              A Short
              Short Story

  By Paul Ernst

      Author of "He Didn't Want Soup", etc.

 ZABE WILCOX spat at a caterpillar, scratched a
 lean hip under patched overalls, and slouched
 against the clapboard wall of the store.

 i	Fella was going great guns, all right. Zabe didn’t know
 much about him except his name was Berger and he did
 something political down to Jerrystown.

   “ ... is a great and glorious country,” boomed the man
 at the steps. “Every one has an equal chance under the
 gover’ment of the people, by the people and for the..

   Zabe chewed his cud of plug and listened without much
 interest. Two, three people were behind Berger in the
 store doorway. Zabe was alone at the far end of the porch
 beside some rolls of sheep wire.

   The rest—maybe thirty, forty folks—were on the side-
 walk and in the street.

   Zabe saw McCarran, who had lost last night’s drunk in
 the end row of this morning’s potato field; and little Ned
 Armbruster, with a wife and two kids living around in his
 1924 sedan, and with his eyes all shiny and sweat coming
 from under his hat brim.	»

   He saw Andy with the crooked leg, and Jake with the
 rash that come of handling potatoes, and big Art Smith.

   “ . . . live in a glorious democracy, friends,” Berger
 wiped the back of his fleshy neck and put the handker-
 chief away without much interrupting the way his arms
 waved.

   “Equal for all. Equal chance to go where you want to
 and work when you want to. That’s democracy. Anybody
 that sneaks around and tries to tell you different is a hired
 agitator and shouldn’t be allowed to, stay in our great
 land. . . .”

    Zabe spat tobacco juice at the caterpillar again, not mueJi
 interested. He’d seen Berger get out of the car of young
 Don Mennis, of Mennis Farms, Inc., yesterday evening.

   And he had seen Berger and some of the boys drinking
 last night and the boys had sure felt it under the sun
 along the potato rows today; but Zabe had felt little inter-
 est in any of it. He had picked a lot of stuff in a lot of
 places and heard a lot of guys.

   The caterpillar, caught in a mess that was none of its
 making, humped to get out of it.

  "... bunch of dirty traitors, friends, and I say let ’em
go where there ain’t democracy. If I had my way, all such
trouble-makers would have to read the Constitution every
morning and sing the Star Spangled Banner every night
standin’ on their heads.”

^7ABE toyed idly with the idea of singing a song while
standing on your head. Then he saw Andy edging
toward the fringe of the crowd, moving slow on his twisted
leg.

  Last night Andy had moved a whole lot faster when the
Mennis Farms boss strolled past just after Zabe had re-
marked stolidly that eighteen cents was a hell of an hour’s
pay. “Gosh sake, Zabe—suppose he heard you?”

  “ . . . any true patriot . . . thank God for democracy
and fight for it . . . get down on his knees—on his knees,
friends—and kiss the flag under whose glorious shadow he
lives. I, for one, would be proud to so salute my country’s
flag here and now in the sight of all . .

  It looked to Zabe as if this Berger had an eye on Andy
too, kind of sideways, but he couldn’t be sure, and Andy
was close to the edge of the crowd now.

  Zabe turned his head back and Berger now had a flag
either somebody’d handed to him or he had taken from
his pocket; he was whipping it around, and then he laid it
on the floor of the porch.

  “ ... in the sight of all, friends. That’s the way I’m
made. . .

  Zabe’s jaws moved slower for a minute with mild sur-
prise, because he hadn’t been listening to Berger close
enough to be quite prepared for the next move.

  It kind of takes you back suddenly to see a guy on all
fours nuzzling on the ground with the back of his neck
lobster red and his southern exposure pointing off toward
the skyline, and you feel sort of uncomfortable for such a
guy-

  “That’s what anybody but a dirty Hunyak would be
glad to do,” declared Berger. “I’m sure all here would be
glad and proud to do the same. You, now.” He pointed a
stubby forefinger at fat Jim Barsen, who ran the movie
house down the street.

35
36

ARGOSY

   “Kiss the flag. Kiss the flag,” shrilled Ned Armbruster,
 eyes shining, sweat on his cheeks. And Barsen puffed to
 the steps and up them, to put his face down with a set
 smile like he was rooting for something in the folds of cloth
 on the dirty floor!.

   Andy was three paces beyond the edge of the crowd,
 now, slow on his bum leg, trying to look as if he wasn’t go-
 ing any place in particular, and Berger’s gaze was square
 on him.

   “You,” he called out. “I bet you know how to treat
 your country’s flag.”

   Andy stood favoring his crooked leg, trying to look
 every which way at once, and his tongue went over his lips.

   “Come on, come on,” roared big Art. So Andy came back
 slowly and knelt, having kind of a time of it with his leg,
 and he put his face down.

   Zabe voided the cud of tobacco and took out the plug,
 curved with his hip, for another cud.

   “And you, friend?” said Berger.

 '7ABE bit into the tobacco and looked idly at the crowd
 and saw that suddenly everybody was looking at him,
 and it seemed that Berger was looking at him too, with a
 special kind of look.

  “Who? Me?” gaped Zabe.

   “Go on, Zabe!” yelled McCarran. And little Ned
shrilled, “Kiss it. Kiss it.”

   “Come here, you,” Berger said.

 'Zabe hesitated in slow perplexity, then slouched toward
 the man from Jerrystown, lank and tall in his faded over-
 alls, with a sun-lined face disfigured by a mole on the
 right cheek next to one of the deeper creases.

   “I guess,” said Berger, “it’d be a good idea for you to
 show if you’re a patriot.”

   “I expect I’m one,” said Zabe, worrying it out. “Ain’t
 thought about it much.”

   “Show us,” challenged Berger. And the guys on the
sidewalk yelled with each one trying to yell louder than
his neighbor and looking sideways at his neighbor; and
then there was silence as Zabe’s lank body didn’t bend.

   “Well?” said Berger.

   And Zabe said slowly, “Nope,” worrying it out his mind
 while his jaws mechanically mangled the cud.

   “Well, friends,” said Berger, “I guess we know now
 who’s patriotic around here. I guess we know how much
 attention to pay to anything a man like this has to say.
 Do we let him get away with it?”

 “Doit! Go on, do it!” screamed little Ned. And Zabe’s
 forehead wrinkled while he tried to work it out straight in
 his head, and he said. “Nope. I don’t aim to kiss nothin’
 I’m yelled out in public to kiss.”

CO BERGER’S fist got him from the side, and the store
^ steps were waves of men crowding up, and Zabe’s arm
flailed and his lean body humped as he tried to get out of
the mass.

  But he couldn’t. They beat him down, and very soon the
blackness was closing in.

  His lips touched the flag, though he didn’t know that or
anything else by then; and a couple of minutes or a couple
of hours later he opened his eyes and he was in his topless
roadster and the note beside him said:

Get out of here ij you know what’s good for you.

  So he got out, but only out of the car; and there was a
good strong lock on the back of the roadster, with a suit-
case inside that held all he owned.

  The gun was in the bottom of the suitcase. It looked
like something from a museum because it was one of the
first Colts, huge and brown-shiny, carried by Zabe’s
grandpap when he went West to help open up the country
after being dismissed from Grant’s army.

  But the old gurr didn’t look funny in Zabe’s fist, with
.45 slugs nosing out the cylinder; and it wasn’t going to
look funny to Ned Armbruster and Art Smith and McCar-
ran and Berger and a couple of others when Zabe Wilcox
gave ’em a gander at the lumps on his head and then
shoved the muzzle at their breadpans.....

T>UT after a while Zabe let the gun hang loose in his
•*-' hand. Because, hell, Ned had a wife and kids, and
he’d known big Art and McCarran for a long time; and
besides he still wasn’t clear and steady in his head, he was
worried.

  He had been troubled, unsure, when the light went out
for him, when he was refusing to do what the crowd yelled
to him to do, because there hadn’t seemed any real reason
not to except he felt crawly inside.

  Worried, uncertain, Zabe felt further in the suitcase and
got out his own flag. It was frazzled and only had thirteen
stars in it which didn’t seem right.

  And yet he had been offered a mite of money for it
once because lit seemed there weren’t many of them and
some early Wilcox had carried it a long time ago.

  Zabe, unsure, worried, looked carefully around to see if
anybody was in sight, because you don’t want to make a
damned fool of yourself, do you?

  And then he ducked his head in the roadster’s back so if
and one should see him they’d think he was just hunting a
wrench or something; and after that he wrapped the old
Colt reluctantly in the old flag and put them both away,
and stolidly cranked up his car.

Tired Kidneys Often
          Bring Sleepless Nights

  Doctors say your kidneys contain 15 miles of tiny tubes
or filters which help to purify the blood and keep you
healthy. When they get tired and don’t work right in the
daytime, many people have to get up nights. Frequent or
scanty passages with smarting and burning sometimes
shows there is something wrong with your kidneys or
bladder. Don’t neglect this condition and lose valuable,
restful sleep.

  When disorder of kidney function permits poisonous

matter to remain in your blood, it may also cause nagging
backache, rheumatic pains, leg pains, loss of pep and
energy, swelling, puffiness under the eyes, headaches and
dizziness.

  Don’t wait! Ask your druggist for Doan’s Pills, used
successfully by millions for over 40 years. They give happy
relief and will help the 15 miles of kidney tubes flush out
poisonous waste from your blood. Get Doan’s Pills. IADV,,
Barth faced Gentry; the crowd was tense for a showdown

G unswift

By Jack Byrne

/""'ASS GENTRY, coming to Triangle Town with his
partner Swifty Ogden, finds that his job is to un-
tangle a sinister web of mystery. A professional gun-
hand, Gentry quickly decides that the best technique is
to start rattling Triangle’s skeletons. Only thus will^he
be able to probe the murder of
Matt McHale, the owner of the Rocker-M ranch, who
was shot down and robbed a year before. Since his
death the Rocker-M herd has been severely raided by
rustlers, and nesters have overrun the range, taking
advantage of the new homestead law. The inheritance of
Mary Ellen McHale, the dead rancher’s daughter, has
dwindled almost to nothing. Deserted by her fiance, the
smooth young lawyer Martin Burdette, Mary has taken
refuge in the home of one of her few remaining friends,
Dr. George Farabaugh; she is a companion for the doc-
tor’s wife, Ada, a crippled and embittered woman.

/~VLD BEARPAW, a grizzled veteran of the Rocker-M, is
” loyal to Mary Ellen McHale, and he has done his
best to protect her. But threatening notes have warned
the girl that she is in danger, and on one occasion it is
only the fast thinking and faster action of Cass Gentry
that saves her from an assassin’s bullet.

  Ollie Shand, cattle-thief, is the man most generally
suspected of Matt McHale’s murder, for McHale and his
men strung up Shand’s rustler father. Yet it is Ollie
Shand who saves the lives of Gentry and Ogden when

they ride into an ambush by Kettledrum River. Shand
kills the ambusher,

   Tex Cordill, formerly the ramrod of the Rocker-M,
 now a tool of the mysterious Triangle combine. Only a
 few minutes after the killing Gentry and the rest see a
 man approach the body of Cordill and take from it a
 thick sheaf of bills. Then he rides away, but Shand has
 recognized him to be
 Vic Barth, deputy sheriff in Triangle. Barth’s crony
 is Wash Parsons, the mayor; and Cass Gentry suspects
 that this beefy man may be the town spy for the gang
 of rustlers that is systematically raiding the surround-
 ing cattle-country.

 CTRANK IRISH, Triangle’s shrewd banker, cannot ex-
 -*■ plain to Cass why Matt McHale left behind him so
 meager an estate. He had considered McHale a wealthy
 man. Eventually Irish introduces Cass Gentry to one of
 McHale’s most powerful enemies,

   Abel Bannister, owner of the Snaketrack ranch. Since
 ^the Snaketrack herd has mainly escaped the depreda-
 tions of the rustlers, Gentry is suspicious of its tough
 proprietor. But Bannister tells him bluntly that his
 herd has been protected by gunhands paid fighting
 wages, and Cass is inclined to believe him.

   Triangle Town contains several secondary mysteries
 which puzzle Cass Gentry. There is Hop Randolph, the
 gambler, a bitter, heavy-drinking man and yet some-

This story began in the Argosy for February 15

37
38

ARGOSY

how to be trusted. Why does he despise the young
lawyer Martin Burdette. What is the Englishman,
Talbot, doing in town? Who is giving money to Duke
Costello, Triangle’s drunk; what is the secret Costello
is paid to keep?

TI/ITH Bannister and some of his men, Cass Gentry
’ ’ rides out to Burnt Mills, a nester settlement. Here
Cass meets two sinister surprises. The store and saloon
is kept by a man whom he recognizes to be Preacher
Axton, card-sharp and confidence man. And lounging
around the store is a gunman named Buck Childress
whose brother Cass Gentry shot down several years
before.

  It interests Cass to note that Childress wears a snake-
skin hatband, for Cass picked up an exactly similar one
on the scene of a recent rustling raid. It interests him
too that the store should be so well stocked with am-
munition. So Gentry decides to set off some dynamite.
Demanding an explanation, he slaps the snakeskin
hatband down on the bar in front of Axton and Chil-
dress. . . .

CHAPTER XXI

claws of the mountain cat

THE raised voices held the attention of all of them.
The Snaketrack hands were moving closer, and Queenie
bad drawn back against the rear wall, standing stiffly.
Her eyes, staring at Cass, had a wild drunken glitter.

  “Here, what’s this?” Bannister rumbled. “What’s
loose here? We got no quarrel with these men, Gentry.
Exactly what are you up to?”

  “I’ll tell ye, mister,” Buck Childress said suddenly,
sharply. “He’s at his old tricks ag’in. Hit’s me he’s
edgin’ ’round to. That band is made the spit of mine,
as kin be seen. Hit’s commonly known I wear the same,
an’ he’ll likely claim hit was found somewheres—”

  “It was found in the Foxfire wash,” Cass charged. “It
was shot from a cattle-raider’s head. How new is that
band you’re wearin’ now, Childress? Where did you ride
last night?”

  “Buck was with me!” the woman shrilled^ “He was
at our shack—”

  “Shet yer lip,” Childress snarled. “I’ll deal with this.
I’ll hand ’im whut he’s come fer.”

  He had a gopher’s pout-lipped look but there was
more than a gopher’s fight in him. The Childress boys
were from mountain stock and they rated tough in any
company. Buck’s high-voiced drawl had rage behind it
and his big-boned hands gripped the edge of the bar
with a pressure that squeezed them pallid.

  “Hit’s plain what yer a-doin’, Gentry,” he said. “Y’
ain’t changed yer trade er yer ways. Raisin’ hell an’
crowdin’ trouble—that’s whut he’s paid fer, gents. Houn-
din’ folks an’ spyin’ an’ bounty-huntin’ an’ murder is all
a day’s work.”

  “Go on,” Cass said. “Spill it like they told you, Chil-
dress.”

  “He kilt my brother, damn’ ’im,” Childress rushed on.
“He dickered Tom inter some crooked deal an’ double-
crossed the boy. He shot Tom down fer a reward—three
bullets in the back—”

  “You lying rat!” said Cass. “I never saw Tom Chil-
dress face-to-face until the day I cornered ’im. He’d
been wanted for months in half a dozen counties for rob-
bery and murder. Ten witnesses can testify it was an
even draw and that Tom took his bullet in the teeth.”

  “I got tuh stand an’ swaller hit,” Childress grated.
“Him with his fast gun an’ me unarmed—hit’s Gentry’s
reg’lar way. I got no notion why he’s fixin’ ’round tuh
kill me, gents—”

/'"''ASS hauled bis Colt from the leather and placed it on
^ the bar. Bannister grabbed at his arm, but he jerked
away. He had noted the doubtful frown on the rancher’s
face as Childress talked, and that was another stick on
the fire.

  Such whisper-talk was a part of the gunhand trade.
The like of it would follow Cass Gently wherever he rode,
tarring his name. But to hear it shouted loud—

  He stepped away from the bar, fists doubled, striding
long toward Childress.

  It was a move the lank man had been waiting for.

   He came charging fast, arms milling, head turtled, his
jutting teeth bared. He was lean and loosely jointed, but
his bones were layered with a flat-muscled strength that
outweighed Cass Gentry by thirty pounds. He had the
extra reach, and he had a catlike quickness, too, despite
his look of awkwardness.

  He took Cass Gentry’s opening punch along the side of
the neck, evading the full force of it with a roll of head
and tilt of elbow. Cass followed with a jolt into the ribs,
ducking under a fist that slapped his ear.

   The charge of attack collided them, and Childress lifted
his knee in a savage thrust for the groin. Cass was twist-
ing away, pounding him off with a second right to the face,
and Childress’ knee struck with numbing shock against
his thigh.

   Cass sprang back, giving ground, and a flirt of his head
pulled away from the swinging arm that chased him. The
fist fell short of his eye, but the out-jabbed thumbnail
scraped a bloody gouge down his cheekbone.

  Childress bent into a crouch, his clawed hands slowly
pawing. Rough-and-tumble was his mountaineer style,
and in it Buck Childress had never met his equal.

  He grinned a blood-smeared grin, piling in for the
slaughter.

"DUT Cass Gentry was no tenderhorn. In the tough
■*-' school of bunkhouse and barroom, of rail camp and
botmer town, he had learned his fighting lessons. So he
was cool now; his head was directing his strength.

  A roughhouse brawler, nine times in ten, will beat a
straight fist-fighter. The tenth time comes when the fight-
er dances clear, stabbing in and then fading, wary of the
clinches.

  Cass retreated from the lank man’s charge, sidling in
an arc that slowed Buck Childress for an instant as he
turned to follow. In that instant Cass was bounding for-
ward, snaking a fist through the pawing defense, smack-
ing knuckles into the speckled face. Left and right, blows
that bruised and slashed—and he twisted back again,
bobbing, as Childress smeared blood from his mouth.

   “Stand, damn ye, an’ fight!” Childress snarled.

   “Come and get it! ” Cass breathed, and he shifted tactics
suddenly with a rush that foiled the mountaineer’s lunge
before it started. He knew now that Childress put no
striking force into his fists, that claw and gouge and
throttle were the dangers they held. If he watched the
knees and the lumberjack’s trick of toes—

  He jumped inside the snatching hands, his shoulders
humped and his chin tucked in, and his elbows were
GUNSWIFT

39

threshing piston-joints as he hammered belly and lungs
and heart.

  He had bored so close that the lank man’s chief guns
were spiked. The batter of fists drove Childress back.
He grabbed at Cass, clawing with a long-nailed hand that
raked neck and ear, and trying desperately to clamp a
wrestler’s lock, to smother those ripping punches, to tangle
his long legs with Cass and throw him.

  Cass bulled free, lifting two uppercuts that snapped
the taller man’s head in a double bounce. He weaved
away, crouching, and his hip bumped the bar. He was
breathing hard, and he could not see the others in the
room. His vision was narrowed to that square of space,
to the man crouched before him.

ITH his long hair flung wild, with his bloody mouth
working, Buck Childress was beyond pain or reason.
He lurched at Cass to pin him against the bar, but Cass
weaved right, then left, and lashed two overhand jolts to
the side of the face. They landed with a beefy sound,
and the solid force of them was a tingled warmth that Cass
could feel from wrist to elbow.

  They were numbing punches that caught Buck Chil-
dress in mid-leap, that drove him sidewise along the bar.
His legs sagged at the knees, and he clawed the slabs for
support.

  He managed to twist his body as he fell, and some
blind instinct rolled him catlike, bounced him up again.
He shot out a kick as Cass buffaloed ahead for the fin-
isher, but Cass had been watching for that.

  He had checked himself, and the kick fell short. Be-
fore Childress could recover Cass was darting in. His
left hand grabbed the descending ankle, hauling hard, and
the mountain man was thrown. He fell with a fling of
arms, and his skull thumped the bar-front. He was spilled
in a fork-legged sprawl, his upper body propped by the
bar and his head lolling. The nails of one spread hand
clawed the floor, and the other hand pawed blindly behind
him.

  “You had—enough?” Cass breathed. “Now will you—
talk turkey?”

  But Buck Childress still wasn’t licked. Beneath his
shirt, clip-held at the base of his spine, was an owl’s-head
pistol, a snub-barreled stingy-gun, and his hand fumbled
out with it. He was lifting his bloody head, his vacant
eyes, and his gunhand was reaching out—

  Cass kicked the wobbling arm. He smashed his fist
into that bloody face, driving the weight of his shoulder
behind the bending blows that pounded hollow thumps
along the bar. He was snatching the gun, jerking it from
strengthless fingers, and he was first aware of the shouts
in the room when Abel Bannister tried to grapple him
in a bear-hug. Cass knocked the rancher’s reaching arm
aside.

  He straightened, swabbing a wrist across his eyes—and
then it happened. The roar of explosion burst in his
face, the fire-flash, and a slash of pain seared along his
ribs. He jabbed the owl’s-head gun around and triggered
it, firing as he staggered. His spur hooked the limp leg of
Buck Childress and he stumbled, he fell.

  The bump jarred sense into his head again and sponged
the blur out of his eyes. He saw the room, the bar and
toppled table, the booted legs and the faces. He heard
the silence.

  “Axton,” he croaked, pushing up.

  But it wasn’t Axton. The hound-faced man stood lone
and frozen, his skinny hands stretched above his head
in terror. No, it wasn’t Preach Axton who had sneaked
a shot at Cass to save Buck Childress from a beating and
who had drawn Cass Gentry’s instinctive counter-fire.

  She lay beyond Axton, flax-haired Queenie, and Cass
Gentry’s own revolver had fallen from her hand. She
was stretched supine, with one white arm outflung and a
white hand clenched at the swell of her breasts where
the crimson was spreading.

CHAPTER XXII

THE LADY-KILLER

1\ TEN came running. Cass heard them faintly, saw
them dimly. The tramping men clumped the outer
porch, and they held their rifles ready beyond the door-
way. The Snaketrack punchers had lightened their
holsters and were spreading watchfully wide.

  “No, boys!” Preacher Axton shouted. “It couldn’t be
helped—it was accident! She went crazy-wild and tried
to kill ’im. She shot behind his back—”

   Figures shifted at the bright oblong of the door.

  “Git gone, you men!” cried Axton. “No need for you
in this affair, you hear? We can’t afford—there’s trouble
enough without any more mixed into it.” There was urg-
ence in his words, a sharp under-meaning, and the new-
comers silently withdrew.

  “They heard the shots and got curious, that’s all,”
Axton said quickly, turning. “Just a bunch from a card
game in one of my shacks. This thing—it was Queenie’s
own hellishness. We got_to hush it up. The fewer that
know—”

  No one was listening. The punchers stood awkwardly
silent, staring from Cass Gentry to the humped hulk of
Bannister who was kneeling beside the girl. Their faces
were grave, unreadable.

   “I—I never seen who it was,” Cass said. His lips moved
carefully, his voice was dull, and his eyes looked blankly
down at the dangling gun in his hand. “She—I didn’t
think—I placed her as behind the bar. I took for granted
it was Axton cuttin’ down on me.”

  But in his mind now he could see, and vividly, the
shape of unseen happenings. Queenie, with that glitter in
her eye and her crooked red mouth screaming. Queenie,
edging around the bar, pushing close, screaming at her
man. He could see Buck Childress sprawled helpless, and
a fist bashing his face, and Queenie grabbing the Colt
from the bar. Grabbing it and aiming it, and yelling as
the hammer fell.

   And then Cass Gentry’s quick, blind bullet . . .

iiTTHERE was no way to know,” he said. “I’d never shot
a woman! ” He stared into their blank faces.

  “She ain’t quite dead,” said Abel Bannister heavily.
“She’s breathin’ yet, but I dunno. You, Axton, git some
kind of waddin’-cloth! She’s bleedin’ bad. Somebody bet-
ter fix ’er—I ain’t got quite the stommick. Fetch your pill-
chest—mebbe whiskey—hell almighty, I can’t say what’s
to be done for her!”

  His ruddy face was tinged with gray and he rubbed
nervous hands against his thighs with a gesture of re-
vulsion. He looked at Cass Gentry and his face was
harshly graven.
40

ARGOSY

  “Damn you,” he said almost tonelessly, “I should
known you had some scheme in hand when you trailed
me here. Damn you for a murderin’ dog, Gentry.”

  “My back was turned,” Cass said. “I had to shoot—”

  “They warned me of you,” the rancher said. “What
you’re up to I don’t know, but it’s plain what happened
here. You crowded Childress into a fight, for nothin’ I
could see, and near bashed his brains out.

  “Are you cockeyed crazy, man? The woman was
drunk and she did shoot wild, but one of the boys was
about to grab ’er. You had no cause for a single thing
you done, unless it was to show—like on Division Street
—what a salty hellion you can be!”

  Cass took it. There was nothing he could say. He
let the owl’s-head pistol drop, and he paced two long,
slow steps to pluck his hat from the floor.

  “The least you might do,” said Bannister, “is fog for town
and send the doctor humpin’. Or don’t you care a-tall?”
The Colt .45 lay near his foot and a thrust of boot spun
it across the planks. “Take your cutter, too,—take ’er
and git long gone! Don’t wait on us, mister, not any.
Skunktrack you named us; but there’s some breeds that
even a polecat might be too proud to ride with! ”

CASS GENTRY rode. He pointed the chestnut’s head
up the lonely trail. If there were watching eyes that
spied him from the shacks and thickets he did not know.
If hidden rifles sighted him from the slopes, he didn’t
care.

  He rode, he rode, and all he knew was the jounce of
his body and the cock of the chestnut’s ears and the
dreary void inside him. If he rode up or down, in sun or
shade, he couldn’t tell, nor did it matter.

  Wherever he rode—however far he stretched his trail
or however fast he might run it—he would never outrace
or outdistance the memory of bright-haired Queenie with
blood staining her breast. The lidded eyes, the parted
lips, the wax-white blankness. He would recall the faces
of the Snaketrack punchers and the gray look of Abel
Bannister.

  It had happened now, as had been long foretold. The
years had caught up with Cass Gentry. He had cut his
wolf loose once too often.

  There were inner voices that wouldn’t be stilled. “I
never would have—I couldn’t tell—I didn’t see who—”
So the voices cried. But who would listen or who would
heed or who would give a damn what excuses Cass Gen-
try offered? Abel Bannister had spoken the answer to
that. The Snaketrack hands had told it in their set faces,
in their glances that shifted away from Cass Gentry’s
glance.

  A Carson City gambler had pulled his gun one night
on a knife-sticking Mex. In the tangle, with a second
Mex jumping him from behind, this gambler had show-
ered some wide bullets. It happened that a come-on girl
was in the line of fire. Everybody agreed it was accident.
It was clear that the gambler hadn’t meant to kill her.
But just the same. . . .

  Cass recalled that gambling man. His story was com-
mon knowledge. It seemed that folks steered shy of his
table thereafter, and he soon lost his job. When he sat
into other games, the players were apt to cash their chips
shortly, leaving him sitting alone.

  He took to hitting the bottle, and he wasn’t welcomed
around the bars because of the trouble he started. He

accused total strangers of passing looks in his direction
or of giving him too wide a berth. The women in the
other dives coined a name for him—The Lady-killer—■_
and got to calling it loud when he appeared.

  The gambler stood it for a month. Then he put his gun
against his ear and ended it.

CASS shook the chestnut into a run, obeying some dumb
impulse to hurry. The wind was cool against his face
and he traveled a sparkling silence. The lock of his teeth
spread an ache along his jaw, a numbness clamped his
upper body, and he was sick and weary. There was no
strength in him, no fight, nothing but emptiness. He
came to the mouth of the valley, pulling up sharply at the
fork of roads.

  At length he pushed on in the direction of Triangle
Town.

  Riding off wouldn’t solve it. It wasn’t in the cards, nor
was Cass Gentry built that way. He had signed his ticket
as a tough hand long ago, and now he would play the
string out.

  He had hoped for a little while, yesterday.. .

  But yesterday was gone. It was lying on the barroom
planks, bleeding its life away. The little pretense he had
enjoyed, the new warmth that had shaped his thoughts,
the careful schemes he had planned—all broken now, shat-
tered and ended. Cass Gentry was finished. He had spoiled
his usefulness to Mary Ellen. He was the Lady-killer, and
there was no place for him.

CHAPTER XXIII

NOTHING STIRRING EXCEPT DISASTER

'T'HE afternoon was waning when he came within sight of
* Triangle Town. A plank bridge across a gulley marked
the joining of the trail with the projection of Wampum
Street, and Cass slowed the chestnut here for a final
breather.

  He was weak and weary and dead inside. Fatigue
flooded over him all in an instant, lidding his eyes and
throbbing an ache through his bones. The wound across
his upper ribs, where Queenie’s bullet had gouged, had
stopped bleeding by now.

  He had leaned in the saddle, pressing his arm against
the dull pain, and his sleeve was stained brown. The e/e
that Childress had thumbed was considerably puffed, but
otherwise he had no scars to show. He was as fit to face
the situation as he ever was apt to be.

  He rode down the placid thoroughfare, past the red
schoolhouse and a spired white church, and Bearpaw was
one of an idling group that he spotted in the shade of the
elms near the Exchange Bank. The grizzled wrangler
came clumping the walk as Cass pulled in above.

  “Nothin’ stirrin’,” he called out gruffly, and then his
voice broke abruptly at closer sight of Cass. “What’s
wrong, boy? Yuh hurt?”

  “I’m all right. Go over to Farabaugh’s and tell the doc.
he’s needed at Burnt Mills, if it ain’t already too late.
Woman’s been shot there.” He spoke slowly, stiffly. “If
the doc ain’t home he’ll have to be reached as quick as can
be.”

  “Shore,” Bearpaw nodded. “But what in thunder—”

  “See you,” said Cass. “See you at the shack.”

  The Wheel of Fortune was shuttered, but a man emerged
GUNSWIFT

41

from the Happy Hour as Cass nudged the chestnut on, and
he suddenly knew what he needed. Whisky—the counter-
shock.

  A pain stabbed his side as he dismounted in front of the
saloon, and he had to press his arm hard, to hunch his
body, before the sharpness eased and he could walk again. I
When he reappeared with his bottle, he led the horse in-
stead of mounting. He chose the shortcut through an alley.

  He did not head for the shack, not right away.

  The first gurgling drink was fire in his throat, a tin-
gling warmth that was charged all through his body. His
stomach constricted, a shudder shook him, and for a
moment he thought he would be sick. He sat on a pack-
ing box behind some store, and in a little while he was
all right.

  He drank again,, lowering the bottle and staring ahead
at emptiness. Except for the soft creep of strength inside
him, healing his hurts and his aches, he was a blank. The
chestnut turned to look at him, jingling the bit, when he
tilted the bottle a third time.

  Cass expelled a deep breath. “All right, boy,” he said.
“I’ll make ’er now.”

  Swiftly Ogden came out of the door as he trudged the
path up to the shack. One close look was enough for
Swifty. He let out a soft whistle.

  “What happened, pardner?”

  “Plenty?’ said Cass. “This horse and rider had a long,
tough day. You tend to ’im—huh, Swifty?—while I take
care of me.”

  “How drunk are you, boy?” Swifty asked.

  Cass shook his head. “Not as drunk as I’m gonna be.”

TTE HAD washed himself at the basin, had swathed his
upper chest with bandages of torn cloth, was stretched
on the low bunk, stripped to the waist, when Swifty re-
turned.

  Swifty knew when to talk and when to hold his jaw. He
nodded toward the bandage. “How bad?”

  “A scratch. A close miss, that’s all. The bleedin’s done
and the on’y pain’s when I wrench myself.”

  “How come?” Swifty said, and Cass told him. He spoke
with slow distinctness, for whisky never blurred his voice.
The two quick drinks he had downed while Swifty was
gone had sobered him, if anything. They had chased the
rolling warmth out of his stomach and replaced it with
cool balance, a steadiness.

  “So I reckon it’s up to you, Swifty,” he said, when his
blunt recital was finished. “Accident or not, Cass Gentry
is washed up in Triangle Town. There’s some crooked-
ness out at Burnt Mills—mebbe the key to all the troubles
here, but how and where it branches I still can’t say.

  “Anyway, I’ve slammed that door. I jumped too quick,
and I missed. They’ll have plenty chance to cover up
their coyote tracks, to pull more wool over people’s eyes.”

  “Grab some shuteye,” Swifty said. “Things never look
so bad, come mornin’.”

  “They’re likely to look worse," said Cass. “We got to
face the facts here. When we rode into Triangle, pardner,
we had the town on our side. The decent folks, the lead-
in’ men like FaraBaugh, Frank Irish, and Bannister as it
turned out—they wanted to see this mess cleared up.

  “The little fellers, the average townsman and small
rancher, was ready to back the play of any man who’d
dig to the bottom of things. That’s why I was able to
throw my weight around so free. If I tromped the toes

of honest men—like Bannister—they faced their cards
pronto. If I crowded the crooks there was no harm done.
But now, when this Queenie story spreads—”

  He stared at the planks of the bunk above. “Reach me
that bottle, Swifty.”

  “Look, pardner,” Swifty said hastily, “there ain’t no
use—”

  He bit off the words beneath the stare that Cass turned
upon him. Swifty Ogden had seen that Iobk before, and
it was not a pleasant sight.

  A stiff-legged walk and that stare in his eyes were the
only signs of drunkenness Cass Gentry would show. He
would talk and act real sensible. But Swifty knew what
was inside of him.

  Cass drank. He wiped his mouth. “From now on,” he
said, “I never could be sure. I couldn’t tell, from the
look of a man or the tone of his voice or his attitude, if
he had some deviltry to hide or if it was his natural way to
face a woman-killer.

  “Any proof I might show would be tainted with the stink
I’ve raised today. And the hell of it, Swifty, is that we
were gettin’ somewheres. There was Childress, Axton, Par-
sons, Vic Barth we’d choused into the open. There was last
night’s bullet that missed my ear—”

TDEARPAW came in. He backed against the closed door,
wheezing out his breath, peering nearsightedly through
the dusk-haze.

  “The doc was a’ready out to’rds that direction,” he said
huskily. “I sent a rider to carry ’im word.” He pawed a
hand across his grizzled mustache. “She ain’t dead yit. She
was still alive when Bannister left. Him an’ his Snaketrack
are down in town.”

  Cass sat up. He lifted his feet to the floor, and the
whiskey hit him. A buoyancy was in his body, an airy
lightness, and a dizziness roared up to his brain, exploding
there.

  He shook his head, blinking the sparkled blankness
from his eyes, and the rocking room steadied. He pushed
up, and he stood there strong and steady. His mind was
clear and sharp and his body had shed its ailments. He
was quick and keen. He could run on feathered feet or
sing a song or dance a jig-step.

  “Might happened to any man,” Bearpaw said quickly.
“Plain to hell from what they said, that it was accident.
I’d set tight, though, till the talk blows past. Them fools
yonder—” ^

  “It’s no use, Bearpaw,” Swifty said.

  “But it’s no confounded sense to flaunt the face of the
town. That Happy Hour bunch has spread the story all
whichaways, an’ the rats has crawled from their holes to
comb their whiskers. Vic Barth an’ Quigg ’re struttin’ high,
ant’ that hook-nosed gunman Bannister fired last night,
feller Cass tangled with on Division Street, is crowin’
loud-mouth—”

  Swifty shook his head, gesturing silence.

  Cass was buttoning a clean gray fehirt. He set his hat
at a cock, buckled his gunbelt on. The .45 was feather
light. It seemed to leap into the swift, deft fingers that
executed a practice draw. He faced Bearpaw and Swifty
as he returned the gun to holster.

  “I never yet made myself hard to find,” he said, “and
now’s no time to start it. If Triangle Town’s got ques-
tions to ask, I’ll be on deck to answer ’em. You two
steer clear, you hear me? I don’t need help nor com-
42

ARGOSY

pany. And I don’t need any advice. I’ll advise myself.”
He was nearing the door when the Young ’Un knocked.
The boy squeezed inside with a breathless message:

  “Ben Quigg’s on his way here to warn you from town,
Mr. Gentry. There’s hell a-boilin’—lynch-talk! Three-
four them nesters just rode in from the Mills. The woman
ain’t dead, but they say she’s dyin’. Them nesters is hunt-
in’ your scalp. Quigg claims that throwin’ you in jail
would be the safest way—”

  “It’s a bluff, Cass!” Swifty cried. “It’s bait to hook
you. They know you’re tuckered out—they saw you buy
that bottle. It’s a red flag with a gun trap behind it.”
“They’re talkin’ dangerous,” the Young ’Un said. “I
only heard the half of it, too, ’cause I been stayin’ close
to home. The Duke is havin’ another of his real bad
spells today. I—well, I’d say you’d best be careful, Mr.
Gentry.”

  Cass strode past him, opened the door. “Mr. Gentry,”
he said. “That’s right—that’s me—Mr. Cass Gentry.”
He went into the dusk.

  “Is he drunk?” Bearpaw breathed. “Is he wild-eyed
crazy? We gotta—hey, where yuh goin’, Swifty?”
“Where he’s goin’,” Swifty Ogden said. “I keep ’em
from climbin’ his back—that’s our agreement.”

  The hunched old wrangler stared at the slamming door.
He glared at Duke Costello’s boy, moving his hands in a
spread of helplessness. “They’ll be shot to dollrags!” he
gasped. “Where’s my rifle-gun? I gotta find some way—”
His jaw sagged. His gnarled fists clenched, and he
pushed past the Young ’Un. His bracketed rifle was for-
gotten on the wall as he headed across the weed-grown
fields in a hobble-legged run. His mouth was stretched
wide with the wheeze of his breath, and his arms flailed the
twilight shadows.

  “Gotta,” he whimpered. “Gotta stop ’em!”
                t

CHAPTER XXIV

THE BADGE I WEAR

CASS GENTRY walked with a stiff-kneed stride, with
his shoulders squared and arms swinging free, and he
was tuned to the earth he trod, to the evening wind, to
that lone, pale star in dark infinity.

  He was twelve feet tall, and with every breath he grew
another inch. He was charged with a super-strength, a
super-wisdom. He could race the wind or jump those yon-
der housetops. No sound was too small for him to hear, no
sight too dim to see, and he could cover all the world with
his understanding.

  He wasn’t drunk, not even a little bit. He was soberer,
he told himself, than any man had ever been or any man
had a right to be. A drunk man staggers, but Cass Gentry
walked with steadfast feet. A drunk man mumbles, but
Cass Gentry’s tongue was glib with words that he never
heard before, so many polished words that his throat wanted
to sing ’em. A drunk man is full of storm and temper, of
bluster and brag, but Cass Gentry was as calm and cool as
an icicle.

  He meant no harm to any fellow-man. He was walking
in peace, as was his right and privilege, and he would not
raise his voice or lift his fist unless compelled to. Self-
defense is—

  Across the bare field, stiff-striding. Past the loom of a
barn, a shadow-shed, a rubbish heap in the alley. He en-

tered a darker split between buildings and emerged on
Wampum Street.

  With his extra-sight he saw the street enlarged, stretched
wide and curving long. It was a quiet Sunday street, its
public lamps unlighted, its roadway barren, its walks thinly
straggled with movement. A knot of figures was clustered
beneath the white globe that fronted the Elk Hotel, and
there were ten more shining splotches spaced along. He
nodded solemnly as he turned up the walk, bootheels
thumping.

  Self-defense is the first law of nature. Yeah, that was
the ticket.

  The Happy Hour was the place. That was where they
would gather, and the thicker they flocked the more pleased
Cass Gentry would be. He could have reached the lights of
the saloon in one giant stride, the length of a block, but
he kept to his steady pace. A buzz of talk poured from the
door as he approached and he thought that he might
drown it out with one good bellow.

  But that would be a drunkard’s act, and Cass Gentry
was a snowman of sobriety. A man with wild whisky in
him would not have remembered, as Cass Gentry did, to
pause outside the doorway and let his eyes adjust to the
glow of inner lights, and to jiggle the butt of his Colt,
loosening the steel in its holster.

  Cass Gentry even remembered to bend down his head as
he pushed through the swinging panels, for he towered
eighteen feet by then, a mountain oak with leaves in his
hair.

  He saw the expanse of the Happy Hour with utmost
clarity. The narrow room had crowded since he bought
his bottle here. The four-five customers had increased to
forty. Men sat around the tables and a thick queue lined
the bar.

  Cass turned his head in slow survey, standing just in-
side the door, and he heard the sounds that abruptly
dwindled. Faces moved in a curious staring unison, and
slow figures withdrew, fading back from him, as he stepped
to the head of the bar. He slapped his left hand on the
polished plank.

  “Whisky—”

TTE LOOKED down the room-and saw the faces of
■1-*- Triangle Town. He saw them in a sort of bright de-
tachment, as if Happy Hour had a roof of brilliant glass
through which Cass Gentry peered down upon lesser
creatures. Except for this glassy separation he might have
reached out his arm and cuffed them or pinched a head
between his fingers. He stood and watched them. He
looked his steady challenge at them, one and all.

  At Abel Bannister, with the listeners thick around his
Snaketrack table. At Vic Barth, the dark deputy, sitting
bolt upright and twisted around in his chair. At Axton,
one of four grouped at the bar. At the big and the little
he looked, at the bartender and at Mr. Frank Irish and at
Hop Randolph, the limpy gambling man.

  He could have made a mighty speech to them, but his
voice would have blown them down. He stood and waited,
and the room throbbed to the same slow tempo that was
in the measured hammer of his heart.

  That gave him his sense of time—that hammering. It
was like a wonderful big clock.

  He seemed to know by some sixth sense, even before he
heard the squeak of the entrance door and his glance
flicked sidewise, that Swifty Ogden would be standing
GUNSWIFT

43

there. Swifty Ogden, small and dapper, with his face wiped
blank of expression, with his thumb hooked daintily over
his belt.

  The same reasons that had pushed Cass Gentry had
brought Swifty here. He came because he was built that
way and because it had to be.

  The room stirred. Abel Bannister slowly lifted from
his chair, staring at Cass and opening his mouth, then
pressed his lips together and sank down again. There
was a breath of sound as Vic Barth, his dark eyes shut-
tling, came to his feet.

  “You were warned from the streets, Gentry,” he said.
He held his hands carefully in view, stroking the palms
together. “You got one minute to clear out of here.”

  One instant there were five men at the table between
Vic Barth and Cass, next instant they had vanished,
creeping the sawdust, hugging the floor. Cass eyed the
deputy, unanswering, and other men squatted suddenly
along the bar.

  “You hear me, Gentry?” Vic Barth said, and Cass saw
the tightening of the deputy’s neck cords, his muscles
bunching for the showdown jump.

  “Cass—” said a soft voice from the doorway. “I want
you 'to come with me, Cass.”

  Mary Ellen came forward and put her steady fingers on
his arm.

/

SHE was darkly dressed and her hair had blown awry.
The.brown hand spread against her bodice moved with
the swell of her breath. Her face was turned up to Cass
and her eyes saw him alone in the room.

  She held herself proudly, and some trick of the barroom
lamps made her features indistinct in his sight, as though
she stood remote and visionary in a calm, pale glow. He
could shake his head and she would vanish—

  But he could not shake those fingers, tight upon his
arm. They had fastened there, compelling, and the touch
of them was a tenderness Cass Gentry had never known.
They were a leap of his heart, a sob in his throat, a reality
and and a sanity too blinding-bright for instant under-
standing.

  The sound of her voice, tjje sight and touch of her—
and God knows how and why these little things did what
they did to him. They shocked all the buoyance, all the
overweening strength, from the Cass Gentry giant. They
shriveled and humbled him, and he was feebly small and
blindly afraid.

  The strength that flowed from her hand was the force
that held him upright, the courage that hushed his fran-
tic shout, the balance that restrained him from panic-
flight to escape the death in this room.

  “Yes,” he whispered. “Yes, I’ll come,” and he followed
the pull of Ker hand toward the doorway.

HIS SIGHT was blind, his brain was blank to the in-
stant happenings in the crowded bar. Even Swifty
Ogden did not observe the scope of them.

  The sword of violence had been shivering above the
room, suspended by the thinnest hair, and Mary Ellen’s
presence might not have stayed the death-stroke if Vic
Barth had signaled it. The holocaust was averted by the
swift reaction of other men to the girl’s appearance.

  The hook-nosed gunman who had made his boasts, the
barrel-bellied fellow who had lost his job as aftermath to
his street fight with Cass, had eased out his revolver. He

stood along the wall, his actions concealed by intermediate
figures, and he was'lifting the barrel slowly when he be-
came aware of watchful eyes.

  Abel Bannister was staring across at him, jaw jutted.
The Snaketrack boss had pushed back his chair, and his
right hand was hidden from the gunman’s view. Mr.
Hook-nose lowered his weapon, returned it to holster.

  Axton’s group along the bar had the same experience.
Three of them had dropped their fists to gun-butts. They
were posed stiffly, all their attention centered upon Vic
Barth, when the hiss of Axton’s breath, the roll of his eyes,
warned the three of Hop Randolph.

  The slight-bodied faro dealer sat at a table six feet dis-
tant. He had turned toward them and the gun in his lap
was slightly tilted. Hop Randolph was expressionless, but
the round black eye of the pistol stared ominously.

  And Frank Irish, too, had been quick to act. The brisk
little banker had hopped up at sight of Mary Ellen. He
stepped forward as the tug of her hand pulled Cass Gen-
try back, blocking Vic Barth’s path by his move. He made
his gesture for the whole room to see, sweeping off his
Sunday* and bending his white-tufted head in a smil-
ing bow.

  “Good evenin’, my dear,” he said, as if Mary Ellen
were walking the street to church, proper and ladylike.

  The Happy Hour understood and approved that ges-
ture. . . ,

OUTSIDE in the thin blue darkness, Cass Gentry walked
the solemn-sounding planks to nowhere. Mary Ellen
had his arm, and he was a child who needed leading. If his
foot dragged, if his step wavered, it was weakness rather
than intoxication.

  His body was damp with the perspiration that had poured
forth as the doors of the Happy Hour fluttered behind
them. Swift waves of fever heat, of shuddering cold, had
pulsed through him, banishing the whisky-haze. He was
truly sober—nerve-shocked into sobriety.

  They walked in silence, Swifty Ogden trailing.

  There had been death in that place. The sight of Mary
Ellen, standing beside him, had revealed the clear pic-
ture of it, and the flashing realization that she was fac-
ing it with him had brought terror to Cass Gentry. He
still shivered with the thought of what she had risked.
His brain was numb with the might-have-beens.

  They had crossed the packed dirt of Wampum Street.
They went along a footpath with the whisper of trees
above them and .yellow-windowed houses lined ahead.
Cass felt the tremor in her hand then, and she halted
abruptly. She spoke some soft sound, a throaty murmur-
ing, and stepped away from him. Her hand reached out
toward the trunk of a tree.

  “Don’t,” he said. “Don’t look at me.”

  He lifted his head in a moment, and he knew then
that her murmur had been a muffled sob. She was leaned
against the tree, her wrist pressed against her mouth, and
her shoulders were shaking.

  “I asked for it,” Cass said dully. “You shouldn’t—I
never was worth the bother.”

  He spoke in a stranger’s tones. The hollow-sounding
words came from his without effort, without thought, as if
he were a dummy on a stage-actor’s knee. He knew where
he was—it was Council Street. He knew that Swifty had
halted at a distance, and that Bearpaw had also followed
them.
44

ARGOSY

  The place was Triangle Town and he was Cass Gentry.
Yet as he looked at Mary Ellen these realities seemed
to fade, and he stood with her in some far beyond, the two
of them hemmed in by nothingness.

  “I had to,” she answered presently. “When Bearpaw
came running—when I heard that you—I was glad to do
it. It was a danger I could share. I couldn’t let you throw
yourself away.”

  “You lowered yourself,” Cass said. “You climbed down
into my gutter. What happened was my own blame. I
cooked your chances today. I killed a woman at the
Mills—”

  “For me!” she said quickly. “No matter why or how
it happened, I share the responsibility. I told you that.
I accepted the risks. I was proud—proud, can’t you under-
stand?—to show the men in that place how my loyalties
stood. I’m not backing down on our bargain, Cass Gen-
try, though that needn’t stop you if you still want to
quit.”

  “Quit?” He echoed the word. “But I’m no use; my
bolt is shot here. The talk was bound to spread and I had
to face it. I couldn’t run and hide my head.”

  “But you did 1 ” she exclaimed. “You crawled in a bot-
tle and hid. You quit like a yellow dog. You drank your-
self brave enough to swagger your body into something
your mind was afraid of. I’ve seen my father do the
same.”	-

CASS looked at her blankly. “Yeah,” he said in a mo-
ment, “I can see you’re right. I—I never figured it
quite that way. But now that you tell it—why, sure, I’m
no better than that Carson City gambler. He shot his brains
out, and I tried to fix ’er so that others would do the
same for me. I went yellow on myself.”

  “You didn’t! ” she cried. “You didn’t realize. You’re no
coward—you’re just a fool, Cass Gentry. A stubborn, hot-
headed, special kind of fool that I happen to know, being
Matt McHale’s daughter.”

  Cass shook his head. “It would been a different thing
with him. He was—well, he had his reputation here. He
wore no killer’s badge. His neighbor folks would under-
stand—”

  “And we can make them understand right now,” she
said. “No man wears a killer’s badge unless he pins it on
himself. That’s what I must make you see. Did you ride
to Burnt Mills today just to earn your wages? Did you
have the dollar sign pinned on your vest?”

“Damn the wages,” he said thickly. “I rode because—”
“I know why. It was because you found me helpless,
because the odds were long against me. -It was my badge
you wore today. If your gun killed a woman then I helped
to aim it. How can I make you see the way I feel?

  “The only fear I had, running down the street, was that
I’d reach the place too late. I wanted all Triangle Town
to be in the Happy Hour. I wanted to show them—and
you above them all—that I believed in you, that I trusted
you—” *■

  Cass couldn’t say a word, he couldn’t move, he couldn’t
see her. She was no more than a voice in his heart and the
starlight gleam through the branches.

  “Suppose it had been my father badgered there,” Mary
Ellen said. “Does that help you understand how I felt?
Would I have had a single doubt? Would anyone deny
that I belonged beside him?”

  “But that’s just make-believe,” said Cass slowly. “You

owe no debt to me. I .took the risks of your job on the

gunswift’s terms.”

  “You lie!” Her voice was thin, raggedly breathed. Cass
saw the shadow-move of her body, and her fingers were
gripped up on his arm again. “We’ve never had those
terms'between us. You must have felt as I feel. You know
it’s more than make-believe. You’re all I’ve got. Don’t quit
me, Cass; don’t take my strength away—”

  She was in his arms suddenly. Her body pressed close
against him, taut-muscled, shivering with the strain of
wild emotions. Her lips were against his lips. She was
murmuring brokenly, and Cass kissed her hair and the
tears upon her cheek.

  Then, like a fool, he loosed his arms and let her go.

CHAPTER XXV

NO BEACON TONIGHT

TI/TARY ELLEN sat in the vine-shaded shadow of the
doctor’s porch. The sting of tears was still in her eyes
and her throat had still to subdue the sobbing breathless-
ness.

  Except for the bracket lamp in the entrance hall, the
doctor’s house was dark. The whole street was dimly doz-
ing. How many minutes had passed since she sat there,
bonnet in her lap, waiting to start for the evening service?
How long since Bearpaw came running?

  She had not been afraid—thank God for that! There
had been no qualms, no hesitations, from the instant
Bearpaw blurted his message. The knowledge of what
she must do had been an instant realization. She had
known, as old Bearpaw had seemed to know, that she was
the key to the situation at the Happy Hour. She alone
could stop Cass Gentry.

  And as she ran the footpath, skirts in hand, outspeeding
winded Bearpaw, she had felt a pride instead of fear. To
face a common foe, to share the danger, to show Cass
Gentry and Triangle Town how her loyalties listed—oh, it
was a warmth in her breast, an exaltation!

  In the smoky, silent room an instinct had directed her.
Instinct told her what to say, and how to touch his arm
just so, and chose the words she had to speak to him in
the safety-shade of that tree just down the street.

  But something else, something wilder and deeper, had
put her in his arms. Did she love this man, this stranger?
Was it more than his misery, her pity for his need that had
given her lips to him?

  She thought of Martin Burdette, of Martin’s arms, and
his lips upon her own, and the murmur of his voice against
her ear. She had never questioned her love for Martin,
the happiness that she would find with him, and yesterday
the loss of Martin had been a deep hurt that would never
ease. Now she stroked her fingertips over her mouth and
stared at the night and could not weigh her own emo-
tions.

  She stood up presently and found her bonnet near the
steps. The dim silence of the house was suddenly repel-
lant. She thought of the woman in the upper bedroom,
Ada Farabaugh in her cripple’s chair, and knew that a
high, sharp voice would call out at the sound of her en-
trance.

  She had no cheerful word to spare to Mrs. Farabaugh,
not now. Time enough to face those sullen eyes, the poor
pain-ravaged features, when the gossips of Triangle Town
GUNSWIFT	45

had scurried to the sickroom to relate the incident’ at the
Happy Hour.

  Mary Ellen went down the path to the gate. Let them,
let the gossips talk! Let them mumble and whisper and
stare! She held her head high as she walked the boards
of Wampum Street toward the church. Martin Burdette
and Triangle Town had broken her courage once, but
now she was Matt McHale’s daughter again. Matt Mc-
Hale’s daughter till the last wolf was hung.

  The services had already started when she reached the
spired building. A meager congregation was singing Abide
With Me, and few heads turned when she took her seat at
the rear. She sat with her bonnet bent humbly, grateful
for the solemn hush that followed the singing. She joined
the other murmuring voices in the chanted responses to
the public prayer. Her eyes closed when the preacher be-
gan to speak.

  Mary Ellen heard his words without meaning, finding a
comfort in the sleepy drone of them. In the middle of the
closing hymn she made a quiet exit. It was no fear of star-
ing eyes or nodding whispers that hurried her, but rather
that she wanted no disturbance of the sense of peace she
had found.

WAMPUM STREET was almost deserted, and the
shadows of Council Street were as placid as her
thoughts. She peered ahead, thinking she might see a
light from the doctor’s office, and for an instant she did
not understand her own puzzled frown. Something—yes,
the lamp in the hall! The front of the house was totally
dark now. Perhaps the wick had burned down.

  Mrs. Farabaugh had remained in her room all day. She
had been asleep when Mary Ellen went down to sit on
the porch in the dusk and wait for church time, for she
had not replied to a tap on her door. Her usual needs
were Within reach beside the bed, and it was only upon
the rare occasions that Ada Farabaugh’s warped pride
called for any assistance. She had a limited scope of move-
ment, despite her ailment.

  No, it was nonsense. The lamp had burned out, nothing
more. Yet Mary Ellen remembered how obviously wor-
ried the doctor had been these last few days. He had said
nothing, of course, but Mary Ellen had seen the grave lines
that etched his face when he spoke to his wife. It was
curious, too, about the lamp. It customarily burned all
night, the doctor’s beacon, and one of Maggie’s daily
chores was to tend it just before she started home.

  Mary Ellen hurried. She pushed through the picket
gate, ran up the path. The front door was quartered open
—she had not latched it tightly, perhaps—and she stood
briefly in the hallway dark, breathing shallowly, reaching
for the matches on the little hall table. She plucked a
sheaf of them, and the feel of the slender sticks, the fa-
miliar scents of medication were somehow reassuring.

  Her nerves were strung too tight, that was the answer.
She was still keyed, subconsciously, to the wracking emo-
tions of that scene in the Happy Hour, to such breathless
shocks as that bullet which had blasted past her own cheek
at Cass Gentry in the stable last night.

  A careless cook, a burnt-out lamp, the normal silence of
a sleeping house—and out of these simplicities she was
creating an apprehension that slowed her step, that vis-
ioned dangers in the loom of every familiar shadow.

  She halted at the foot of the stairs to listen. No sound
from above. She heard the solemn strokes of the tall clock

that faced the outer door, and the steady tick-tock beat em-
phasized the gloom, the overspreading hush. She had a silly
impulse to call Ada Farabaugh’s name, but she checked it
instantly. She struck a match, and the puffing glow of the
flame was comforting.

CHE went up the stairs. The match burned out as she
^ reached the upper hall, but there was light enough from
the end window to see her way. Her £and pushed along the
papered wall toward the door of her room, and she was
reaching automatically for the knob when double warning
snatched her fingers back.

   She could see the faint luminance from the double win-
dows beyond her bed and the knob was not m reach. Her
door was open yet she had locked it little more than an
hour ago.

   She might have run, or screamed, or obeyed any one
of ten frantic instincts. Instead, held stiffly in some stronger
compulsion, her hand slashed a match down the door frame.
In its gleam she saw her room disheveled. The bundle
from Martin Brudette’s office had been ripped open. Its
contents littered the floor.

  Mary Ellen stepped back. Her dread was a torrent
leaping out at her. “Mrs. Farabaugh—” She screamed,
but her voice was only a breath, a whisper.

  “Ada—Ada!” The name came shrilly from her throat,
piercing the hush, echoing the walls, resounding wild.

-	The tiny flame in her hand, the shivering glow, jerked
along the hall. It cast a yellow flicker, a shadow-leap,
through the narrow passage. It jumped ahead toward the
back window toward the blank outline of Mrs. Fara-
baugh’s door and it revealed the streak of white and the
white oval at the base of the rear bedroom entrance.

   The streak of white was Ada Farabaugh’s arm stretched
pleadingly toward the hallway runner. The oval of white
was her hair-fringed face turned in agony toward Mary
Ellen.

   The match-glow faded, winking out with Mary Ellen’s
cry, but its gleam had endured sufficiently to show the
final ugliness—the twisted mouth, the distended eyes, the
cruel marks of the murder which had released the doctor’s
wife from the prison of her cripple’s chair.

'C'IGURES had appeared in the doorways of neighboring
houses in response to the girl’s first scream. Lamps
shone from the porches, voices called an’d runners came
pelting from every direction along dim Council Street.
Three men were crowding through the doctor’s gate to
shout queries at Mary Ellen as she stumbled down the
steps toward them.

   She could not answer. She had no voice. They charged
past her, into the dark house, and one of them carried a
shotgun. Other men hurried up, and women too, and the
night was roused with a babble of sounds, with the firefly
specks of lanterns.

   The blurred hours following were chaos.

   Council Street became the hub of Triangle Town. Fig-
ures dotted the yards, clogged the footpaths, wavered the
roadway in sluggish parade. The murder of Ada Fara-
baugh was an earthquake shock, that sundered deep and
spread its tremors wide.

   Fear merged with the mystery that raced through the
town and beyond. A hundred rumors passed from busy
mouths to eager ears. Rage and alarm flowed from house
to house, from group to whispering group, and swift actions
46

ARGOSY

would result before the hands of the Triangle clocks
pointed midnight.

  In the early mill of excitement the doctor’s house was
a bedlam, with a hundred gawkers thronged outside it and
twenty searchers tramping and rooting through the rooms..
Mary Ellen, huddled in a chair on the porch across the
street, ringed in by flustered housewives and nightgowned
youngsters, could only mutter over and over that she knew
nothing more* She had gone to church leaving Ada Fara-
baugh sleeping. She had returned to find her murdered.

  Ben Quigg and his deputies, when they appeared, did
little to soothe the turmoil. They led a second noisy prowl
through the house, sent men to search the nearby yards
and the alley, and the sum of their efforts was an acci-
dental bullet that one volunteer searcher shot into the leg
of another.

  The neighborhood was still so disorganized that no one
had foresight enough to halt Dr. Farabaugh when he
turned his buggy in from Wampum Street, half an hour
later.

  It was obvious that he was unaware of the situation, for
his horse moved at the usual plodding pace, and once or
twice the doctor leaned his head out to ask what the devil
was going on here. Nobody answered. They stood dumbly
aside and let him come on until he could see the crowd
in front of his fence. He hit his horse a lick and came
a-helling.

  The women, who notice such things, said that he was
the coolest man on the street once he had shaken off the
first staggering impact of the news. It was Mary Ellen
who finally told him. She scooted off the neighbor’s porch
when somebody announced that his buggy was coming,
pushing people out of her way and calling out to him as
she ran. The doctor piled down from his seat, grabbing
her as she flung her arms out to him. Some who hap-
pened to stand nearby heard what she said:

  “Oh, doctor—doctor—she’s dead! Ada’s dead! And
it’s my fault—I left her alone. I led the killers to your
house—I helped to murder her!”

  The tall man lifted her up, light as a feather, when her
head fell forward and she fainted.

THE women had to admire the iron discipline that the
the haggard doctor demonstrated. To a man of medi-
cine, the living are more important than the dead, and
George Farabaugh’s training was not forgotten even in his
own extremity.

  He carried Mary Ellen to the neighbor’s parlor and
mixed a draught' for her before crossing the street to the
room where his murdered wife lay. Men made a silent
pathway for his gaunt figure, slump-shouldered, that
moved with dragging step. They understood the terrible
emotion that cracked his voice when he stood beside the

body of his Ada, staring down at the bed where Ben
Quigg’s big Dutchman had placed her.

  “Get out, damn you!” he had shouted to the sheriff and
his crew. “Get out before I throw you out!” And men
had backed away from the wildness in his eyes, the dis-
tortion of his bearded face, to close the door and leave
him alone with his dead.

  For another hour the hubbub continued. Crazy rumors
circulated. There was one report that Mary Ellen McHale
had admitted the murder. Another said that Ada Fara-
baugh’s death was the result of a shooting on the previous
evening when gunfire had been heard in the neighborhood.
Such stories did not travel far, however, for steps were
soon taken that returned common sense to Triangle Town.

  The foremost men of Triangle gathered at the Palace
Hotel and formed a citizen’s committee. Frank Irish,
Henry Gaunt, Eli Lombard, Dan Venable and thirty more
respected freeholders took the town’s affairs in charge.

  Their first move was to put Ben Quigg in his place. He
was told to crawl into his office and stay there. Abel Ban-
nister, who had decided to spend the night at the Elk and
catch up on his sleep, was hauled from his bed to organize
the manhunt. In another twenty minutes the streets had
been cleared, rifle-armed riders were patrolling the thor-
oughfares, and some measure of calm was being restored.

  Women who had said that they would keep every light
in their houses burning so long as that murderer roamed
loose and no household was safe—these women considered
the price of kerosene and blew out their lamps. Men who
had decided to keep a weapon handy when they crawled
into their blankets thought better of this discomfort. By
morning the following conclusions had been accepted:

  Ada Farabaugh, according to her husband’s report, had
come to her death as the result of strangulation or suffoca-
tion. The bruise on her forehead might have been inflicted
by the murderer in attempting to stun her, or might have
been caused by her own struggles to escape. Because of
the feeble state of her health, no great amount of strength
had been required to force her face into her pillow and
hold her there.

  A careful questioning at every home in the.neighbor-
hood, and of everyone who had been near the section in
the early evening, was of small avail. No unusual sound
had been heard until Mary Ellen began her screaming.
No one had been seen to enter the doctor’s house, nor had
any suspicious action occurred in the vicinity.

  The obvious deduction as to the cause and the general
pattern of the crime was soon reached. Some sly prowler
had entered the house to secure certain papers of value
in the bundle of Matthew McHale’s possessions. He had
forced the door to Mary Ellen’s room—the knife-marks
were plain upon the wood—and the sleeping invalid had
been wakened. Murder had silenced her betraying outcries.

(To Be Continued Next Week)

What happens to the Prisoners in French Guiana
when the World Breaks Apart?

Here is the dramatic and powerful story—

FUGITIVES TWO

By ROBERT CARSE
Coining in Argosy soon
Bait for the Big Hook

The more Mike would pull, the more the man
on the hook would struggle and thrash
through the water

            By Richard Sale

          Author of "Design for Valor," “Old Chainmouth“ etc.

        Here’s the unforgettable story of a master fisherman who had lost
        the will to live. He’d seen everything and done everything—and
        then he got a new kind of fighting fish on the end of his line

YOUNG SHERMAN found Pop Shannon by the pool,
tossing in mullet to Tildy and her son Jupiter. He
was a very fresh and powerful son; and Tildy who
was as fine and big a porpoise as had ever butted a shark,
let him maul her unmercifully for a time.

 But when she decided that she had had enough, she
would put her head down and ram him broadside and
take all the playfulness out of him.

  It was the Underwater Zoo, of course, down at Laconia,
Florida. It was the only thing of its kind in the world, a
giant pool where all the species of the briny deep were
placed in the tank together to live the same sort of life
and possibly find the same sort of death as they would
in their fight for survival in the Atlantic, which actually
was less than quarter of a mile away, plainly visible from
the summit of the big pool.

 “Pop,” said young Sherman, “you’re wanted in the
office. I’d swear I saw the big boss himself.”

  “The big boss?” said Pop Shannon, spilling the rest of
the mullet overboard and watching the two porpoises scat-
ter for them. He climbed to h'is feet. “You mean Mike
Descorts? You must mean Mike. On account of the
other big boss, Mr. Anderson’s down at Guyacil after
broadbills, I hear.”

  “It looked like Mike Descorts to me,” said young Sher-
man. “Anyhow, he’s in the office with Dr. Bisbee and an-
other gent who looks like something out of an undertaking
parlor.”

  “Well!” said Pop Shannon, pleased. “Reckon I’ll have
to go in and see what’s what. Mike don’t get down this
way often no more. It’ll be a real pleasure to see him.”
He ambled off toward the office.

BEFORE they had put him on the payroll of the Under-
water Zoo, Pop Shannon had been captain of his own
boat, a charter fisherman which had roamed the seas from

47
48

ARGOSY

Nova Scotia to Florida, to Bimini and Cat Cay, to Mexico,
to the Nameless River in Cuba.

  During the winter, you could have found him below
the Causeway at Miami Beach, and when you wanted to
pay out his money and catch fish, you could count on
Cap’n Pop Shannon. He was a blood brother. He knew
where they were and what they were eating and how they
wanted it served up.

  The directors of the Underwater Zoo were John An-
derson and Michael Descorts, both of them young and
wealthy sportsmen. They had put their money into the
concrete miracle on Highway 42, and it had begun to pay
them dividends.

  A chance remark from Pop about how wonderful it would
be to see fish living as they lived in the sea, except that
you could watch them through a porthole, had influenced
them to build the zoo. They gave Pop the job of taking
care of the place. Dr. Bisbee was the actual curator, and
young Sherman was his assistant; but Pop’s job was one
of free-lance design. He about ran the whole place. He
loved it, and in his way, he loved the fish.

  And you only had to look at the way Tildy the porpoise
behaved to see that her heart belonged to Pop.

  Pop Shannon went into the administration office and was
gratified to see that his visitor was Mike Descorts. They
shook hands and then Mike Descorts hugged him.

  “You old barnacle-grabber,” Mike exclaimed. “It’s good
to see you again! It really is! I’ve been away from here
too long!”

  “That’s a fact,” said Pop Shannon. “You ain’t been
down this way for a helluva long time, Mike. What did
you think of that white shark we landed, eh? Some
baby?”

  “Old Chainmouth?” said Mike Descorts. “I’ll say he
was some baby. And I got your inference, of course. I
shouldn’t have sent a professional sportsman down to get
that mako. But I thought you were getting too old for that
kind of stuff, Pop. That was the only reason I did it.”
“Maybe you was right,” said Pop Shannon. “Your paid
hand did land a mako finally, although it’s a scrawny crit-
ter. And I sure was done in after Chainmouth got through
with me. Maybe I’d just better stick to guidin’ the boats
out and let the fishin’ to the younger fry.”

  “Well,” said Mike Descorts, “that’s what I want you to
do for me, Pop. That’s why I’m down here. I’m bored
stiff. I want to catch fish, new fish, new kinds of fish, sea
serpents, maybe even killer whales. I want some excite-
ment, and you’re the guy to find it for me. How’s the
baby porpoise?”

  “Big enough to roll you around,” said Pop. “Why’nt
you go out and feed him a few mullet? He’ll love you
for it. His name is Jupiter and he’ll come at call. Try it.”
“I will,” said Mike, and went out to the pool.

  Pop Shannon stared at Dr. Bisbee. Pop said, “I seen
you waggin’ a hand at me. That was what you wanted
me to do, wasn’t it?”

  “Yes, Pop,” said Dr. Bisbee. “We wanted to talk to
you. This is Dr. Edward Nichols.”

  “Oh,” said Pop. “Another scientist, eh?”

  “No,” said Dr. Bisbee. “Dr. Nichols is an M.D. pot
a Ph.D. He happens to be the personal physician of Mr.
Descorts, and that is what we wanted to talk to you
about.”

  “Oho,” said Pop Shannon dully. He rubbed his chin
with his hand, the bristles scratching noisily. “Too bad.

I reckon he’s sick then? I thought when I come in that
he didn’t look well at all. He’s all dark under the eyes,
and he seems kinda scared, and he ain’t in proper shape.”
“Mr. Shannon,” said Dr. Nichols in a grave voice,
“Mr. Descorts is in a desperate condition. You would
not think so to look at him but nevertheless, it’s quite
true.”

  “What’s wrong with him?”

  “He is in the grip of a severe nervous breakdown. We
don’t know exactly what caused it, but it is very real to
him—so real that he has attempted to take his own life
at least once.”

T)OP SHANNON was horror-struck. Mike Descorts
had always been a gay and uninhibited soul, with a
tanned body and a broad back, and a love of hundreds
of pounds of fighting muscle on the end of the line. Some-
thing was wrong, he had seen that himself, but it was hard
to believe that a guy like Mike Descorts would try to com-
mit suicide.

  “He was in love with a young woman in New York,”
said Dr. Nichols, “and she treated him pretty badly. Led
him on as long as it suited her. Then she married
another chap. I think that was what did it. Mr. Des-
corts instantly began to lead a wild life. He kept looking
for excitement, and he didn’t find it. He wanted to leap
from his apartment one day, and we stopped him. I’ve
been trying to persuade him to get back to fishing, and
he finally gave in.”

  “What do you want me to do?” Pop Shannon said,
awed.

  “You’re to use the big boat,” said Dr. Bisbee. “The
seventy-footer, Striped Marlin. You’re to take Mr. Des-
corts fishing.”

  “Gosh,” Pop Shannon said. “I’ll take him fishing all
right. But it’s kind of a responsibility. Is he all over
—that stuff? I mean, he wouldn’t try again—”

  “He might,” said Dr. Nichols. “Look here, Shannon.
You must understand this. Mr. Descorts is in a precarious
mental state. He has a feeling of complete boredom.
Actually, it is frustration. You’ll have to watch him all
the time. You’ll have to see that he doesn’t brood. And
more than that, you have got to give him legitimate hope
of excitement. Now understand me. You’ll undoubtedly
catch fish, won’t you?”

  “Sure,” said Pop Shannon heavily. “I never wet a
hull offshore yet but that I didn’t bring back something
to show on the hook.”

  “This time you’ve got to do more than that,” said Dr.
Nichols. “You must paint a splendid picture of adven-
ture. Perhaps it doesn’t exist. Then make it up. Make
up some gigantic “old killer of the seas and give him
a name and put him far offshore, someplace where you
wouldn’t usually go. Make it sound new to Mr. Descorts.
Tell him that fifty people have hooked the fish and never
landed it.”

  “Like with Old Chainmouth, you mean?”

  “Yes, though Chainmouth was a real shark with a real
past and it was a pity that Descorts wasn’t the one to
land him. Anyway, you understand me?”

  “Yes, sure,” said Pop. “But when he finds out there
ain’t no such fish?”

  “He’s not to find out. Maybe you won’t find the fish.
And if he should get a big one on by chance, say that that
is it. Give him excitement. It’s got to be new to him.
BAIT FOR THE BIG HOOK

49

He’s fished aU his life so it’s up to you to give him a new
wrinkle in the way of fishing. I don’t know how, and I
don’t know where. That’s your problem.”

  “Yeah,” said Pop Shannon dully. “My problem. It
looks like I might have to try and hook into an orca if
everything else fails.”

  “Then do it!”

  Pop looked wry. “Did you ever see an orca? It’s the
blackfish, doc, a killer-whale, runnin’ thirty feet long
and going to two tons. If we ever made one of them babies
mad, he’d knock the Striped Marlin into splinters. That
would be excitement, sure enough.”

  “It would be the best thing for him in the world,” said
Dr. Nichols cheerfully.

  “If he lived through it,” said Pop Shannon. “I’m get-
ting old but I ain’t so old I wanta stand next to a grave
on a lot o’ squid skins and go lopin’ over the edge. Still,
that’s mighty sad about Mike. I reckon I’ve gotta help
him out somehow.”

  Dr. Bisbee whispered, “He’s coming back, Pop. Talk
fast. Don’t let him suspect you’ve been told anything.”

T)OP was stuffing his pipe, his back, to the door. He
drawled, as if he were finishing up a story, “Well, sir,
the old marlin just stood there in the water on his tail,
and he waved that bill at me just as pert as you please,
and then he flips it down and cuts my line and then he
rams a hole through my transom and one through my
planking and then he goes down deep home and lets me
limp all the way to Nassau with a hole in my bilge.”

  Mike Descorts had. come in. He said, “What’s this,
Pop, a fish story?”

  “Ain’t no fish story, Mike,” Pop said. “It’s the God’s
truth, so help me. I was telling the doc here about Baby
Face.”

  “Well, what about Baby Face?”

  “You mean you never heard o’ Baby Face?” Pop said
in surprise. “Why, Mike, where you been fishing these
last years, in trout streams? Baby Face is the biggest old
marlin I ever seen in my life. He’ll go to a half a ton the
day a man can catch him, and they sure have tried. Blue
marlin that hangs off the Bahamas about seventy miles.

  “I hooked into him once. Just once. I’d heard about
this Baby Face and I went lookin’ for him, and I finally
raised him. Lord, he was the bigges’ marlin God ever made
and I ever hope to see, thick around as a sea skiff and
longer’n Old Chainmouth.

  “He kept my hook and he kept my line and he stole
some o’ my heart. I played him for six hours before he
snapped my thread, and he was just teasin’ with me.

  “And when he broached and stood on his tail there,
wavin’ that spear at me like I was a kid askin’ for lolly-
pops, I do swear and declare that there was ten big hooks
hangin’ in his jaw, from 10/0 to 14/0, with stainless steel
wire leaders flashin’ in the sun, and him waitin’ for time
and the sea to rust them out and off.”

  Ijo one spoke for a moment. Then Mike Descorts said
quietly, “Do you think, Pop, that you could ever raise
him again?”

  “Aye,” Pop Shannon replied. “Ten hooks in his’n jaw?
He was raised ten times before I left my Evans there. He-
can be raised.”

  There was a fine glow in Mike Descorts’ eyes, a glow x
that had not been there for a long time. And it was nice to
see.

T>UT after thirteen days that eager light had vanished
again, and Mike Descorts was morose once more, and
he was thinking too much. Pop Shannon could see it
plainly, and it worried him.

   Pop wished vainly that he had brought young Sherman
along or someone else who could really help, for Nigger
John was no help at all.

   Nigger John could handle the Striped Marlin as well as
anyone, but he could not talk Mike Descorts out of the
sinister fog that was sweeping in over his mind.

   Nor could Pop, at this point. By stalling and wander-
ing through the islands of the Bahama group, Pop had
managed to spend a week of the trip reaching the mythical
grounds where the equally mythical Baby Face swam the
deep and crossed the reefs.

   Once at the ground, there could be no more stalling. For
six days they had cut the waters off the Emerald Key,
east of Eleuthera, using all sorts of rigs and baits, with no
luck at all. As a matter of fact, it was not really marlin
water. It was too green and too shallow and there were
reefs.

   Descorts said once, “Pop, are you sure this is the spot?
This isn’t big marlin water. It’s off a little more east, isn’t
it? You must have made a mistake.”

   Since Pop had never been there before, he hadn’t made
any mistake. But he could not count on the weather,
and he was in strange waters, so he picked a spot close to
Emerald Key so that they could run into a cove if the
wind blew.

   He didn’t want to go east, because if Descorts once
started east looking for that fish, he might go too far.
A fisherman will often do that.

   “This is the spot,” Pop said. “Right off there, from the
Key, on a southwest tangent, I raised him.”

   He nodded gravely.

   Descorts said, “I can’t believe a marlin would come in
here. In this close. You must be wrong.”

   “No, sir,” said Pop. “I’m right.”

A T the end of six days, they knew every reef and every
nook and cranny on the bottom. They even ventured
further east on a fine day. By now they were into the
gasoline reserves they had brought, and it was going to be
the last trip. You can’t fish a boat without gas. They
would have to go back at least to Eleuthera to replenish
the fuel.

   This was the farthest east Pop Shannon had ever sailed
in the Atlantic Ocean, and he found it very thrilling. The
weather held fine, and the barometer hung at thirty-one
inches without a flicker.

   Toward twilight on that evening, as they purred slowly
along on the fading blue-green waters, Mike Descorts
suddenly said, “I suppose we’ll have to go back.”
“Yeah,” Pop nodded. “Gas getting low. We could gas
up and make another try.”

. “No, no more now,” Descorts said. “Look, Pop, the
weather is fine, the sea is as placid as a pond. What’s
the depth here?”

   “The chart says sixty feet or so,” Pop replied. “We’re
still over the banks. Not very deep.”

   “Let go the anchor,” said Descorts. “I’d like to spend
a night out here. I want to talk to you and I want to
think a bit. You don’t get a chance to anchor a night far
off shore. Is that all right with you?”

  Pop Shannon scoured the sky and shrugged. “Sure,”
5,0

ARGOSY

he said. “All right with me. Nigger John! You pull’er
outa gear and kill the motors and let go the .big anchor.
Then we’ll rustle some supper, hear me?”

  “Yassuh,” said Nigger John with dignity. “Aye aye,
cap’n.”

  They ate, somewhat listlessly; and as the night came
down, the moon rose, and the sea glowed and flashed in
the silvery reflection.

  Out in the cockpit, while Nigger John cleaned up the
galley, Pop Shannon said, “You didn’t have much appe-
tite, Mike.”

  “No,” said Descorts dully. “I didn’t . . . Pop, I’m
tired of playing this game. Let’s be honest, shall we?
At first, back in Laconia, I thought you were on the level
about a marlin named Baby Face. Now I know better.”
Pop said, “I do declare, Mike, I don’t know what
you’re talkin’ about.”

  “Oh, stow it, Pop, I mean really know,” Descorts said
somberly. His dark eyes were on the sea, and he acted
as if he were staring at something a million miles away.
“It’s all been a fake. I know it now. They told you, I
guess. I warned Dr. Nichols not to say a word. I see he
did. What did he tell you, Pop?”

  “He didn’t tell me nothin’,” Pop said stubbornly.

  “To take me on a nice long trip?” said Descorts sadly.
“To invent a marvelous fish, whet my curiosity, make me
interested in something besides the past?

  “I know you’re lying, Pop. And in a way, I appreciate
what you’ve done. Because you did it out of friendship,
and that’s a nice thing. But it was a little unfair. I’m
sick, I’ll admit it. But even if we had found a marlin
named Baby Face, that wouldn’t have cured my troubles.
Nothing can change what’s in my mind, not a thing.

  “I’m sorry it’s that way, but it is, and there’s nothing
you nor I nor any can do about it. I’d have been pleased
to raise Baby Face, but it wouldn’t have changed an iota
of the little things in my head.” s

F)OP said, “Mike, you’re all shot. You ain’t the same
bright kid I useta know. What’s got into you?”
“They did tell you.” Descorts scowled down at his
knuckles; the water slapped gently at the hull.

  “Well, yeah, they told me. I only did what they wanted
me to do. I guess I bunged it all up, but I was gonna
call the first decent marlin we raised Baby Face. Hard
luck we didn’t raise one.”

  “What did they tell you?” Descorts said grimly. The
knuckles were white now, and sharp under the skin. “Did
they tell you I tried to kill myself?”

  Pop Shannon gulped and tried to evade the question
but Mike Descorts shrugged and went on: “It’s true. I
did. I will again, too, and next time I’ll bring it off.”
“My Gawd,” Pop Shannon groaned. “That’s a helluva
thing to say.”

  “I won’t do it here,” said Descorts faintly. “I wouldn’t
do a think like that to you, Pop, while we’re at sea.”
“Mike, listen, you can’t go doing a thing like that at
all. You’re young, you got your whole dawgone life ahead
o’ you—”

  “I haven’t as much ahead of me as you’d think,” Des-
corts said. - “Light your pipe, Pop. I’d like to tell you
about it. I haven’t told anyone completely, not even that
old ass, Nichols. I’d like to talk. It’s better when a man
can talk.”

  “Talk away, Mike, get it off your chest.”

  “I was in love with her,” Descorts said. “I’d never
been in love with anyone before. Her name was Linda.
She was beautiful. She was everything I wanted. And
she fell in love with me. It was perfect, one of those things
that can only happen once to a man. If he’s lucky, it
happens once. And then, just like that, she eloped with
one of my best friends.” He shuddered. “I suppose that
seems like an old story to you, but it isn’t to me. I tied
my life up in that girl. Oh, I fixed myself fine. There
wasn’t anything in the world for me but her. And now
there isn’t Linda. So there isn’t anything at all.”

  “Well,” said Pop, “there are plenty more fish in the
sea.” He knew when he said it that it didn’t sound right.
Pop wasn’t much of a one for words.

  “I can’t see that. I wish I could. I went to pieces for
awhile, and drank like a fish. And then I began to get
around, and I had a lot of nasty ideas. I was going to
kill both of them—I still feel I could. That I’d like to.
A man hates giving up the thing he loves. He’d rather
scuttle it, the way a captain scuttles his ship. And then
go down with it himself.”

  “Mmm,” Pop Shannon said, squinting at the far horizon.
“I’m all mixed up, Pop. And the longer I go on being
mixed up, the sooner I’ll do something ugly. I can’t sleep.
When I do, I dream rotten dreams, I feel like doing rotten
things. Sometimes my head aches so hard that I’d put a
bullet in it if I had a gun handy at the time. Everything
is crowding in on me, and it’s too much to handle. I’m
dead tired, I’m sick of it, I don’t want another chance.
I just want peace. I’m so damned tired. . . . Are you
listening?”

  “Yeah,” Pop said. “I’m listening, Mike. But there’s
a kinda funny glow out there on the rim o’ the sea. Take
a look yourself.”

'T'HE dark sky was brightening where the sea met it,
-* far off. Pop rose hastily and went in and told Nigger
John to hoist the anchor and start the engines.

  Then Pop turned on the short-wave transmitter and
receiver and called the United States Coast Guard at
Miami, Florida, using the pretuned C.G. channel. He
made a qso at once, and said, “This is the Striped Marlin,
about twenty miles due east of Eleuthera, reporting a ship
afire at sea, due east of us maybe fifteen or twenty miles.”
He gave the approximate position.

  The Coast Guard operator said, “Thanks, Striped Mar-
lin. We already have an, sos on her. She’s the German
liner Bremborg, trying a Idash for home through the Brit-
ish blockade. A cruiser caught up with her an hour ago,
and her captain and crew are burning her, scuttling and
abandoning ship. What’s your length?”

  “Seventy feet.”

  “You’d do well to make for her and aid in the picking
up of survivors,” said the Coast Guard operator. “We
have two cutters on the way from positions some miles
north of her, and a U.S. destroyer, the Blue, is also racing
to her. You’d be a help.”

  “We’ll turn the wheels toward her,” Pop Shannon said.
“Thanks for the information, old man.”

  “73’s to you,” said the Coast Guard operator. “Good
luck. You can report back to me your identifications and
passengers, sk.”

  Pop closed down the transmitter and receiver and went
up the flying bridge where Nigger John Was warming the
engines. Mike Descorts had gone up there too.
BAIT FOR THE BIG HOOK

51

  Descorts said, “Did you find out anything?”
“Uh-huh,” said Pop. “Funny we was just talkin’ about
ships and men and scuttlin’s. That’s what’s happening
over there. Bremborg afire. We’re goin’ to help.”

  He put his engines in gear and stepped up the rpm slow-
ly to the maximum, and in two minutes, the Striped Marlin
was racing across the placid moonlit sea toward the vor-
tex of orange, on the horizon, where a fine ship was going
to her end.

FOR an hour after they arrived, they overlooked the
confusion in the sea, awed by the spectacle of seven
hundred feet of fiery furnace which floated off the bow,
masterless, the flames even climbing up the main mast
so that it looked like a frozen bolt of lightning.

  There were corpses in the sea. These the Striped Marlin
passed by. “We’ve only room for live ones,” Pop ex-
plained when Nigger John excitedly kept sighting the
bodies.

  But they found living men too, floating in the sea in
life-jackets, calling for help, agonized, some burned, some
half droWned.

  They had six aboard when they sighted the lifeboat.
By then the night had vanished in the brightness of the
floating fire, and the^sea around was brighter than day
and blood-red in the reflection of the towering flames.

  Southward, Pop and Descorts could see the destroyer,
playing its beam upon the waves. And far to the north,
there were other searchlights, the Coast Guard cutters
were racing down, still too far away to help.

  The wallowing lifeboat they aimed for was only half-
filled and it carried a German flag in the stern. When
they reached it, Pop heard a pistol crack, and then a
wailing went up from the men in the boat.

  Descorts said, with strange animation: “What hap-
pened?”

  “Don’t know!” Pop grunted. “We’ll come in on them
and take them in tow and see what’s what. Maybe you’d
better get the rifle in case we have trouble with them.”
“It isn’t that,” said Descorts. “Something is wrong
with those men. . . . There! There’s a man overboard!
He’s swimming away from the lifeboat—see over there—
about thirty feet away and going like a house afire! He
must be an officer! He’s in uniform, and he’s got a re-
volver—see it in his hand as he swims?”

  “Yeah,” Pop said. “He kinda looks like he don’t want
to be saved. We can’t go for him if he don’t want us.
Grab their painter in the lifeboat when we come along-
side.”

  But when they came alongside, the men in the lifeboat
pushed them off. And one seaman who spoke English
said, “Nein, nein, don’t save us. We can float, we will
wait! The captain! Captain Frey—he goes there! We
tried to stop him but he shot at us—it is Captain Frey
and he is going to kill himself!”

  Pop shouted, “There ain’t nothing we can do! He’s
got a gun! He might plug us if we tried to pick him up!
He’ll put a bullet in his head before we could hoist him! ”
“Nonsense!” Descorts snapped suddenly. “It’s a sport-
ing chance! We’ve got a chance to save his life, Pop!
Make for him but not too close. Watch him and watch
your trolling line. I’m putting a hook out astern. Bring
my line right behind him when you pass and if I set it,
get the rifle and shoot that revolver out of his hand. You
can do it! Hurry! The marlin rod is all rigged, I’ll put

her over!” He started to work, his face tense and eager.

  Pop glowed with terrible excitement and felt his heart
banging against his ribs as though it were a hammer.

  He stepped the cruiser away from the lifeboat at full
speed as Descorts thrust the big marlin rod in the gimbal
of the fishing chair astern, tossed the twelve-ought hook
and rig overboard and free-spooled the big reel, allowing
the rig to drop astern of them.

  Pop shouted, “You’ll never do it, Mike! You’ll never
do it! You can’t catch a man—”

  “Watch your fish and watch your line!” Descorts
snapped. “We’ve raised the biggest game in the world,
Pop, and we’ve got to do it! There he is!”

POP sent the Striped Marlin past the swimming man
but fifteen feet off his right side. Then, having passed,
he cut the boat in directly ahead of Captain Frey.

  The stern wave nearly swamped the swimming man, and
he stopped, breathlessly. He had swum far, afraid of pur-
suit, and now he raised his head to see if he were far
enough off.

  Ahead of him, he saw the Laconia cruiser beating away
from him, making no attempt to stop him and pick him up.

  Descorts closed the free pool, and tightened the star
drag. He watched his line cut in behind the struggling
captain as Pop maneuvered the boat with that wonderful
dexterity which distinguishes a fisherman from an ordi-
nary yachtsman.

  The captain in the sea had a terrible face as he looked
for what he thought was the last time at the burning
hulk upon the sea. Then quickly, he raised the revolver
to his temple and fired.

  He missed.

  The hook came in behind him and caught him in the
shoulders. Mike Descorts felt the tension on the line in-
stantly and he yelled at Pop to stand by.

  With all his strength, and with the drag much tighter,
Descorts leaned back in the chair and set the big hook with
three stiff jolts. He set it as Captain Frey fired. Natur-
ally the captain missed. The pain of the hook jerked his
arm away and they could hear him yell.

  Pop leaped from the bridge, turning it over to Nigger
John who knew what to do when .there was a fish on. This
time there was_a man on, however, and Nigger John’s eyes
were big as buttons and he looked scared.

  Pop got the high-powered twenty-two from the cabin
and loaded it and ran astern. The hand with the gun came
up from the sea, aimed at them poorly, made a perfect
target of itself. Pop fired, sent a bullet smacking through
the hand, and the gun disappeared.

  Captain Frey turned and tried to swim away. He was
far off their stern now, for the rush of the cruiser had
carried her away from him.

  “All right,” Pop breathed with some relief. “He’s your
fish, Mike. Land him.”

  Mike Descorts bent to the task. The big marlin rod was
bent wa^r over, its tip almost pointing to the sea instead
of the sky. It was tough hickory but Captain Frey was
a big man; and now and then he would wheel and grab the
leader and yank savagely, trying to break the line or the
rod, and the strain would be terrific.

  The captain would try hard in these jerks to ease the
pull of the hook in his left shoulder.

  But always when he tried to swim away, the weight
of the hook would be there, pulling against him, and he
52

ARGOSY

could feel the inexorable strength of Descorts against
him, as Descorts slowly pulled back, raising the tip of
the rod and letting it jerk forward as he reeled in line.

  Pop said, “He’s got a pocketknife. Tight lines, Mike.”

  Descorts grunted, “He won’t—cut this—line, Pop.
There’s fifteen feet—of steel wire leader before he—gets
to the line—and I’ll keep it out—of his—reach.”

  He did, putting on the pressure, holding up the rod
without attempting to gain line or allowing any slack.
It was too much for Frey to bear finally; for he turned
again, panicked, and tried to swim away.

  He lost ground at once. Descorts tightened the drag
further and started the rhythmic motion of raising and
lowering the rod, bringing the dripping wet line in around
the spool, hauling the struggling man closer to the boat.

  Frey put tremendous power into the battle, considering
he was wounded and hooked. He fought with all the bull-
doggedness of a tuna, now and then with the surge of a
marlin as he floundered up and tried to dive forward out
of the water and break the line.

  But Descorts felt these things in the tension of his line
and was prepared for them. He loosened the drag when
Frey surged, tightened it after the surge and hauled Frey
back over more ground than he had gained. When Frey
tried to put his head down and sulk as tuna do, Descorts
brought him up with short hard jerks.

TT'REY knew he was losing finally and tried to go the
hard way. He let himself become a dead weight, and
he sank, inhaling sea water. He was trying to drown.

  Mike Descorts raised a hand at Pop who had climbed
back onto the bridge, and the cruiser reversed sharply, as
Descorts worked like a Trojan on the rod, lifting and drop-
ping it, the sweat standing out on his face like water.

  Frey came to the surface again, held up by the raising
of the rod tip. It was the end. The wire leader had banged
the tip of the rod and the game was over.

  Descorts could do no more. The Striped Marlin was
alongside the half-drowned captain, and Pop was stand-
ing in the stern with a boat hook in his hand.

  “Gaff him!” Descorts said quietly.

  Pop leaned over, hooked the captain by the collar of his
jacket and raised up. Nigger John helped.

  Their “fish” lay unmoving on the floor of the cockpit.

  . . . The ocean was dark again when they set their
course westward for Florida, with a boatful of German

seaman, all grateful at having been picked up. In the for-
ward cabin, Descorts was working on Captain Frey. He
came out finally and told Nigger John to take over and
watch the man until he came to.

  “He’s going to be all right, Pop,” Mike Descorts said.
“We really saved that bird. He opened his eyes once when
I was cutting the hook out of him. It caught him in the
shoulder muscle, you know, and I had a job getting it out.
I guess it,hurt him into consciousness. He knew what I
was doing and he said, ‘No—no,’ but I told him to take
it easy and keep warm and lie still. I told him the war
wouldn’t last forever and that there were always other
good boats for a> man to captain, plenty of boats on the
ocean, all beautiful, and that he should never put his
whole life into one. I think maybe I got across to him."

  Pop breathed gently, devouring the beautiful night sky
with his sage old eyes. “Yeah, Mike,” he murmured, “lots
of boats on the ocean for a man to captain, and lots of
fish in the sea for a man to—”

  Descorts smiled faintly. “You don’t have to hint any
more, Pop,” he said. “I know what you mean. When the
war is over. When the cobwebs clean up. A man shouldn’t
put his whole life into a ship any more than into a wom-
an. I couldn’t tell him without telling myself.”

  There was a long silence. Then Pop said, “Purty night.”
  “Uh-huh.”

  “That was nice fishin’ you did on him, Mike.”

  “It wasn’t bad, was it?” Descorts said. “I thought my
line was going to snap. It was never built for that strain he
gave it. My heart was in my mouth.”

  “Listen,” Pop said, “maybe I was lyin’ about Baby Face,
but did you ever hear of the Big Bill?”

  “Sure I’ve heard of Big Bill,” said Mike Descorts, his
eyes blazing. “He’s the biggest old sailfish in the world,
got more hooks in his mouth and scars on his body than
any fish—Pop! You don’t mean—”

  “I was clearin’ the breakwater at Laconia t’other day,”
Pop whispered, “and I’ll swear and declare he all but
rammed the bow of my boat no more’n half a mile off the
stones. I was keepin’ it a strict secret, on account of he
ain’t been raised in four months, but if you’re interested—”
“Big Bill,” breathed Mike Descorts, “on a six-ounce
rod with nine-thread line would be a little bit of heaven,
wouldn’t he?”

  “Aye,” said Pop, watching the stars. “A little bit in-
deed.”

eoing to"l.fd'fef'" befor«

The action of Ex-Lax is thorough,
yet gentle! No shock. No strain.

No weakening afteT-effects.

Just an easy, comfortable J
bowel movement that brings
blessed relief. Try Ex-Lax
next time you need a lax- ' •> *
ative. It's good for every
member of the family,	**

Private Notes
fromMrs.M~,s
Diary
W&tqtfr jy ‘ ,***&&%.
'fyryr M'<Cti <* 1

SKY DANCERS

 Benny Fox, a Russian acrobat, ms

 DOING AN AGT IN WHICH HE RODE A 81-
 GYGLE AROUND THE GORNIGES OF HIGH
 BUILDINGS WHEN HE GON-
 ^ GEIVED THE IDEA OF	„

T* -	* "DANCING ON AIR.

v*2r j /	41	/$£***

• {/' /*

'etinie

With

    GLARA,HIS WIFES
  SISTER, HE WORKED
  OUT A ROUTINE ON A
  AN IQ"PLATTER
  ON TOP OF A
  125'POLE.

Lightning gut a guy

 WIRE ATOP AN EL PASO HOTEL.
 THE POLE BENT HALF OVER BUT
 THEY eLUNG TO IT AND GAME
 DOWN HAND
 OVER HAND.

              But the greatest
              DANGER IS BEING
              CAUGHT OFF BALANCE
              BY A SUDDEN
              GUST OF
              WIND.

Sfe:

jr'A

         At ATLANTie CITY A
 GALE STRUe< WITHOUT WARNING
 j4S THEY WENT OVER, BENNY
 GAUGHT GLARA WITH ONE
 ARM AND A GUY WIRE WITH
 THE OTHER .HE SUFFERED
 .... A BROKEN LEG, AND DEEP
 i GUTS AND BURNS-
 Wi* BUT OTHERWISE
 THEY GAME TO
 -■ EARTH INTAGT.

       When glara left
     THE ACT TO GET MARRIED,

 HER. KID SISTER BETTY
 WAS TRAINED TO TAKE
 ^HE&PLAGE. BETTY HAS
 - ADDED A ROPE-
 SKIPPING ROUTINE--
 " BLINDFOLDED
 THOUSANDS APPLAUDED
 THEIR. DARING PERFORMANCES AT THL

'omsmiR.

 A True Story in Pictures
 Long Road to Tomorrow

•*

By Arthur Leo Zagat

SLOWLY America’s Army of Freedom, led by Norman-
fenton, has grown stronger; and now the army has
marched to the foot of the Great Smokies, where Nor-
manfenton hopes to surprise and vanquish Yee Hasha-
moto’s Asafric troops. But this scheme is frustrated; in
fact, only the skill and daring of Dikar and his Bunch
saves the Americans from complete destruction.

  Having intercepted Yee Hashamoto’s messages, Gen-
eral Normanfenton knows what the Asafrics are plan-
ning. Three divisions of their troops are stationed at
the Panama Canal, and Yee Hashamoto has determined
to bring them up through Central America. They will
give him sufficient new strength to crush the rebelling
Americans. So the Asafric divisions must be stopped,
and Normanfenton summons Dikar.

THE task for Dikar is an incredibly difficult and peril-
ous one. Years before many Americans sought refuge
in the jungles of Yucatan, and there they are still living,
as fas* as anyone knows; they are isolated, virtually

unreachable. Presidenton Normanfenton asks Dikar to
penetrate the Yucatan jungle, find these vanished
Americans, and rouse them to attack the approaching
Asafric divisions. Dikar must go secretly and alone,
without the knowledge or aid of the Bunch. Willingly
he agrees to set out on this wild venture.

  While Dikar and Normanfenton are talking, someone
creeps up to the window. The spy escapes from Dikar,
unidentified; and no trace is found of him. But all he
has overheard is that Dikar is being sent on some
secret mission.

T'ilKAR has promised not even to tell Marilee about his
task, and so he leaves when she is asleep, sorrowing
because he may not live to see her again. According to.
plan, he conceals himself in a truck belonging to a con-
voy which is led by Walt Bennet.

  After a time Walt manages it so that Dikar’s truck is:
left behind by the rest of the convoy. Dressed now in
the uniform of an Asafric, Dikar prepares to follow the:

54

This story began in the Argosy for March 1
LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW

55

Mississippi River—down toward his jungle destination.
The truck he rode has been set on fire. Then suddenly
a wild form leaps at him, knife gleaming; and before
Dikar can lift his revolver, he is seized from behind. ...

       CHAPTER X	/

                 THE NIGHT KNIFE

JERKED off-balance, Dikar went down into the wel-
ter of burned junk. The knife missed him clean as
the first Asafric lurched past and vanished in a crash
of charred wood. But the other one hung on, falling on
top of him.

  For moments they struggled silently, their breath harsh
and broken. But all Dikar’s great strength could not throw
off the heavy, powerful body of the Asafric. Dikar was
pinned down, writhing; and now he felt a hand slide to
his throat and tighten there. Frantically he twisted, but
the hand clenched tighter and his strength was ebbing fast.

  Then Dikar felt the Asafric’s body jerk spasmodically;
the next instant it had gone lax. With a last effort Dikar
heaved it from him, and he struggled to his feet, gasping.

  He swayed there—staring into the frightened white face
of Marilee. Her hand still held a bloody knife.

 “Marilee! How—”

  With a little sob she dropped the knife and ran to him.
“First I thought you were an Asafric,” she whispered
against his chest. “Then I saw your eyes and I knew.
And then I—I killed him.”

  He held her fiercely. “But hQw’d you get here, Mari-
lee?”

  “On top of the truck you were in.”

  “On top—” Dikar remembered the bump on the roof.
“You followed me—” Suddenly he thrust her from him
and down, so that she was crouched on the ground. “Stay
down, Marilee. The other one is hidin’ over there.”

  The flames from the burning truck were dying now, and
all around him the weird shadows were moving, like naked
Blacks creeping from every side. “Why *ciid you follow
me, Marilee?”

  “Because you were mis’rable, an I had to know why.”

  “I was what?”

  “Heartsick, Dikar. I’ve lived with you too long not to
read it on your face when you came back from Head-
quarters. All through supper I knew it, an after, in our
cabin, I waited for you to tell me about it. But you didn’t.

  “Oh Dikar,” a sob caught in Marilee’s throat, and
Dikar’s-arms ached with wanting to take her in them again
and comfort her. “You’d shut me away from you. There
was something between us, cold an dark an—an terrible.”
He didn’t dare even look at her. If he took his eyes off
the shadows, that would be the killer’s chance to jump
them.

  “I knew you weren’t asleep,” Marilee went on. “I knew
you were only waitin for me to fall asleep, so that you
could do somethin you dicln’t want me to know about,
somethin that made you sick even to think about doin.
I had to know what it was. I just had to. So I made
believe to fall asleep—”

  “You fooled me, all right.”

  “Then you got up and started down the hill an I trailed
you in the treetops, keeping far behind, by the sounds
you made. That wasn’t like you, Dikar, to make any
sounds at all goin through the woods, an it made me
even more worried. Then you crossed a clearin an I saw

you. You were—funny. Like you were walkin in your
sleep.”

   “That’s the way I felt, Marilee.” The truck was almost
 burnt out. Pretty soon it would be black dark. “Like I
 was walkin in a nightmare.”

 rPHIS was like a nightmare too, the black ruins all about,
 -*■ the dying firelight, the shivery feel of death waiting
 somewhere* in the deepening shadows. No sound hut
 Marilee’s low words.

   “While you crouched there at the side of the road, I
 watched you from a treetop down near the last truck.
 When the trucks started movin, I saw you jump on the
 back of the last one an climb in, and then, Dikar, I saw
 another dark figure dart out of the woods, jump on the
 back of that same truck and hang there! ”

   “Hang? On the chain! That’s why it stopped clankin!
 Someone else trailed me—the spy, of course. The spy that
 got away this afternoon!”

   “The trucks had gone around a curve so there was no
 use my yellin, but I cut across, still in the treetops, to
 where the road curves around the hill, got there in time
 i to drop down on top of the one you were in.”

   “I thought that was a low branch hittin the .roof.”

   “I was just goin to yell down to its drivers when I re-
 membered that the spy would hear me an get away. So
 I just stayed up there—”

   “An rode like that all night. Oh Marilee! Suppose
 you’d fallen off?”

   “I almost did,” she said, simply, “lots of times. It was
 slippery up there an the cold wind pulled at me. Well,
 anyways, when the truck stopped, the spy dropped off an
 dived in amQng those burned buildins here so fast that
 all I could see was a flittin shadow. Then Walt' was down
 there under me.

   “While he was talkin to the soldiers, I let myself down
 on the other side of the truck and crawled along in a ditch
 a ways, an then went across the road fast to the side
 where the spy was”.

   “Why in thunder did you do that?”

   “I wanted to see who the spy was.”

   “What for?” The last light flickered out and the dread-
 ful dark closed in. “What difference does it make who
 he is?” Dikar’s body hummed like a stretched bowstring.

   “What difference? Look, Dikar. He’d trailed you
 through the woods without either you or me hearin him.
 Who else could have done that except-v”

   “No,” Dikar groaned, her meaning terribly clear to him.
 “It couldn’t be a—”

   “Look out!” Marilee half-screamed. “Behind!” Dikar
 whirled to a sudden black shape, his gun whipping up.

   “Don’t shoot,” the shape said, quietly.*“Don’t shoot
 me, Dikar.”

   “Bessalton!” Marilee exclaimed. It’s Bessalton, Dikar,
 not the spy.”

 44YES, Marilee.” Bessalton’s voice was flat and tired.

      “The spy. I swam to the Headquarters wall from
 where the Bunch was in swimmin an I swam back to
 you, under water, when I fell from the wall, an nobody
 noticed that I hadn’t been with you all the time.”

   “You were the spy— Why, Bessalton?” Marilee was
 standing now. “Why did you spy on Dikar, an follow
 him?”

   “That’s clear enough,” Dikar said grimly. “She fig-
56

ARGOSY

 ures that we killed Franksmith, so she’s turned Mudskin
 to get even.”

  “Mudskin! Me! How can you say such a thing?”
Bessalton blazed back.

  “I can say it all right.” Dikar’s throat was tight with
his anger, “because it is so. Why else did you spy on us?”
“I had to, Dikar. I had to find out what Norman-
fenton wanted. I’d sent Franksmith to die on Clingman’s
Dome, an the others who’re buried up there, an now
there were only nine of you Boys left. I wasn’t goin to
let Normanfenton send you to die too. I was goin to
stop him somehow.

  “An then I saw Normanfenton’s face as he said America
is in danger, an I heard his voice as he told you that you
were the only one who could save America, an I knew
that I couldn’t stop you from goin where he was sendin
you. But I could go along, without your knowin it, an
maybe I could save you from gettin killed—”

  “Get killed yourself, is more like it.”

  “Maybe get killed myself,” iBessalton agreed, “an go
to Franksmith. He’s waitin for me, Dikar, somewhere
out there in the dark. I’ve Heard him callin me.” All
of a sudden her low voice was edged by a strange, spine-
chilling shrillness. “Every night I hear him callin
me—”

  “That’s crazy,” Dikar exclaimed. “He’s dead, Bessal-
ton, an—”

  “No, Dikar,” Marilee broke in. “It’s not crazy. I’d
feel the same way if you went away from me an never came
back. I’d hear your voice callin me.

  “When a Girl gives a Boy her love, there is no life for
her any more except as part of his life. If he shuts her out
from it, he kills her just as sure as if he stuck a knife in
her heart, only more cruelly.”

  That was what Dikar was doing. He was shutting
Marilee out from his life—she knew it. That was why
she had said this. “Wait.” He had to gain time to think
this out. “Bessalton, did you see the Asafric that jumped
at me with the knife? Where’d he go?”

  “I tried to follow him, Dikar, soon as I knew you
weren’t an Asafric. But I couldn’t find him.” She
shivered. “I was goin to try to kill him.”

  “Dikar,” Marilee said, “why are you dressed up like
an Asafric? What are you goin to do?”

  He stared at her, feeling a sudden, new anguish. Here
it was, the question he’d sneaked out of the cabin to
keep from having her ask. “I can’t tell you, Marilee,”
he said at length. That was the answer she’d just told
him would be like his sticking a knife into her. “Nor-
manfenton ordered me not to, an Normanfenton’s our
Boss an I’ve got to obey him.”

  “You—can’t—tell—me.” Dikar strained to see Marj-
lee’s face in the dark, but all he could see was that she
stood straight in the dimness. “What right has Nortnan-
fenton to order you to shut me out from you?”

  “Every right,” he answered, miserably. “His plan
to checkmate Hashamoto’s move to smash our whole
cause won’t work if a hint of it leaks out. Oh, Marilee.
I’m sorry. I’m dreadful sorry, but I can’t tell anyone,
not even you—”

  “You are mistaken.” A soft, lisping voice said behind
Dikar. “Don’t move!” All of a sudden black, burly
shapes blotted the darkness behind the girls, and lifted
knives struck blue sparks out of the darkness. “If you
move, American, your women die.”

CHAPTER XI

DOWN THE DARK RIVER

rpHE river was a dark rush through the night and Dikar
was being carried along on the breast of its black
flood. His ankles were tied, his wrists tied behind his
back so tight that his brow was wet with sweat, and he
could barely hear the soft, silken murmur of the question
that was being asked him for the twentieth time.

  “What is Fenton’s plan?”

  The Asafrics had tied up Marilee and Bessalton and
laid them in the bottom of the little boat, but they’d
made Dikar sit between them so that the officer could
ask him, again and again:

  “What is Fenton’s plan, American?”

  Dikar kept his lips tight shut, but his eyes looked
hate at the man who faced him, from the board across
the middle of the boat under which the Girls’ legs had
been shoved.

  “You are not very wise,” murmured Lieutenant Yo-
suke, “to be so stubborn.” Dikar knew his name be-
cause one of the Blacks had called him that while they
were taking their prisoners down to the ruined pier under
which they’d hidden this boat.

  “If I can report to my commander that I have obtained
the whole story, I shall win a promotion. For that,” he
lifted the gun he held in his lap, “I am willing to pay
you with the mercy of a clean death.”

  The sky was faintly paling with the false dawn and
against it, in the very front of the boat, Dikar could see the
crouched, motionless bulk of a Black who silently
watched the dark bank. The sky’s grayness lay on the
water, out further, but the other Black, bent over an
oar in the back of the boat, kept it in the shadow of
the bank.

  “What is Fenton’s plan, American?” J
Yosuke had told, Dikar that the glare of flames from
the truck had Been seen by the Asafrics as they returned
from a scout further up the river. They’d come in to
shore and two men had been sent to investigate. One
of them had returned to report to Yosuke after discover-
ing that Dikar was not alone.

  “You would be very wise,” Yosuke’s silken, patient
voice murmured, “to tell Fenton’s plan to me now. If
you wait till we get to Memphis, you will beg to tell
it to anyone who will listen.”

  Dikar said slowly, “Nothing you can do will make
me talk.”

  “No?” Yosuke sighed. “I imagine not. Nothing we
can do to you—you Americans are very stubborn about
such things as duty and honor. That is why I have
burdened myself with these two women, instead of having
them killed back there.”

  Dikar felt the muscles knot along the edge of his
jaw. “What do you mean?” he asked hoarsely.

  Yosuke smiled. “The Blacks,” he said. “The Blacks
will have charge of the women. You would not like that.”
“You dog!” Dikar spat at him. “You filthy, yellow
dog!”

  “You dare to call me—” Yosuke lashed out to slice
the sight of his gun across Dikar’s face. Dikar’s right
hand flashed from behind his back, grabbed the revol-
ver; his left fist cracked against the Yellow officer’s jaw.
Yosuke sagged down.
LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW	57

  Lifting Yosuke’s gun, Dikar pounded bullets into the
Asafric up front, pounded him over into the river. Dikar
laughed triumphantly, twisted to the man behind him.
The Black had dropped his oar and was snatching up a
rifle. His tied legs cramped between the Girls’, Dikar
couldn’t get his arm around far enough to aim at the
Black.

   The rifle swept up to point straight at his head, shat-
tered the silence with its roar, the darkness with its light-
ning. But in that split-second Dikar had thrown himself
sideways over the boat’s side and he was going down into
the lightless rush of the river.

TTS cold struck into him like a thousand knives, numbed
him. The weight of the water in his clothes dragged
him down into the black depths. He could not kick
free from the bonds on his ankles, no matter how fran-
tically he struggled. He was sinking—drowning.

  Held air tore at Dikar’s lungs, his mind was blurred
now. His feet struck the River’s bed and kicked, and
he was going up again.

  His head broke water. Breath burst from him in a
great gasp. A scream drew his gaze to the boat, beyond
reach, and he saw the Black, gigantic, standing, rifle
•lifted, butt down, to smash it where the Girls’ heads
must be.

  Dikar brought knees up into his belly, straightened
them with a frantic strength that shot him half out of
water and to the boat.. His hands clamped on the Asa-
fric’s straddled legs, his shoulders heaved. A flailing
dark form sailed over his head, sent up a tremendous
splash.

  The splash blinded Dikar and then cleared away. A
black log came up in the whitish foam-boil, rolled, and
was moving shoreward. It was the Black. If he got
to land, he’d spread the alarm and Dikar’s journey would
be ended before it had hardly started.

  Dikar couldn’t stop hinif. He’d lost his gun and he
didn’t dare let go the boat. Suddenly something struck
him—the oar. He grabbed it, pointed its handle end at
the swimming Asafric, threw it with all the power he could.

   Not for nothing had he killed deer with spears, on the
Mountain. The -heavy oar flew straight to its mark.
There was a crack, a flurry of arms and legs and foam.

  There was nothing but foam out there on the top of
the rushing waters. Foam and the bobbing oar.

  The boat rocked, with someone moving inside. Who?
The scream he’d heard had been Bessalton’s. Had the
Black smashed his rifle-butt down once already? Was
Marilee— Her name burst from Dikar in a great sob as
he twisted, got his other hand on the boat’s edge, fought
to pull himself up. “Marilee!”

  “Dikar!”

  He could breathe again as he looked down and saw
two pale ovals in the black bottom of the boat. “Dikar,”
Marilee gasped. “Are you all right?”

  “Fine.” He ached all over, would have to rest before
he could drag himself up and over, but he wasn’t lying.
“I’m fine an that Black won’t bother us any more.” He
strained to see what was in the middle of the boat. “How
about the lieut’nant?”

  “He hasn’t stirred since you hit him. Oh, Dikar!
That was wonderful, the way you called him a name to
bring him close enough for you to get at him/’

  “What was wonderful was the way you gnawed through

my cords, behind my back. How did you ever think
of that?”

  “How could I help thinkin of it, with your hands right
down on my chin? But I had to scrouge down to get
my teeth to them, an if Yosuke had noticed—”

  “He was too busy with me to notice anything. What
had me shivering, though, was the fellow right back
of you. If he’d seen—”

  “He couldn’t. It was so dark down here I couldn’t see
your wrists myself, just felt them. I guess you can make
me out now because the sky is getting lighter. It must
be near sunrise.”

  “I guess—” Dikar, looking up, checked. “That isn’t
sunrise, Marilee!” The dim glow that had come into
the sky had a reddish, scary shade. “The sun doesn’t
come up in-the south.”

  “What then?” Marilee was startled. “A fire?”

  “No. It’s the lights of Memphis! We must be gettin
close. We’ll be seen as soon as the River carries us past
that point of land. I’ve got to stop this boat!”

  “How?”

  “If I hold on an kick, maybe I can swing it in enough
to hit the point instead of passin it. Like this . .

rPHE thicket of bushes and weeds and tall grass was
still more gray than green in the clouded dawn as
Dikar lifted from making sure that Lieutenant Yosuke
had not loosened the vines with .which he was tied up,
or worked the gag of leaves out of his mouth.

  Marilee and Bessalton pushed through the screen
of leaves from beyond which there came the rushing sound
of the river waters. “All right?” Dikar asked, low-toned.

  “All right,” Marilee answered. “We found where a
willow makes a curtain of its branches, dipping down
into the water, and hid the boat behind it. What did
you find out on your scout?”

  “There’s a road back there.” .Dikar pointed. “But
from the looks of things no one ever stops here.” There
was no need for him to tell about the bunch of ivy he’d
seen swaying from a tall pole beside the road, a yellow
skull grinning out at him from its heart. “This ground
around here was once cleared, but it’s all overgrown like
this, deserted and desolate. Down the road a'little is a big
house, but no sign that anyone’s lived in it for years. We
seem to be pretty safe here, till we’re ready to leave.”
“That’s good. We all need rest.” Marilee’s eyes went
to Yosuke. “One of us will have to keep watchin him,
though, Dikar.”

  “Why?” Bessalton was looking at the Asafric officer
too, her nostrils pinched, queer whitish lines around her
mouth, her fingers touching the hilt of the knife she car-
ried in a fold of her sarong.

  “Why can’t we do what he would, just slice his throat
an be done with him? If he’d died like his two men died,
you wouldn’t be worryin about him, would you?”

   “If he’d died in fair fight,” Dikar explained, “it would
have been fine, but we can’t just kill him when he hasn’t
a chance to defend himself.”

  “Why?” Bessalton asked again.

   “Because we can’t. It’s the code.” Dikar made a little
brushing motion with his hand. “Never mind. I’ll fig-
ure out later what to do with him. What we’ve got to
figure out now is how you Girls are goin to get back to
Norrisdam.”

  “Wrong,” Marilee said. “We haven’t got to figure that
58

ARGOSY

out, because Bessalton and I have decided we’re not
goin back. We’re goin with you.”

44'VrOU decided!” Dikar didn’t know whether to laugh
or be mad. “I suppose the President’s orders that

I	am to go alone have nothin to do with it.”

  “They have not,” she snapped back. “Normanfenton
may be President an the smartest man in America, but
he’s not a—an angel. He can make mistakes and this
is one time he’s made one. Suppose you’d been alone
last night, Dikar. Where would you be now?”

  Dikar knew it was no use arguing with her. He’d learned
long ago that when Marilee said something with her little
chin stuck out like that and her small fists curled at her
sides, you couldn’t change her, but he’d never learned not
to try.

  “Look, honey. I—” He couldn’t just lay down the
law to her, he couldn’t send her away without her un-
derstanding why. “Look. Let’s go off where that Asa-
fric can’t hear, an I’ll explain why I can’t take you with
me.” He put his hand on her arm and they moved off,
and only afterward Dikar realized that they’d forgotten
all about Bessalton.

  Leaves rustled against them, thorns plucked at them.
Marilee stopped. “This is far enough, Dikar. Go ahead.”
“You mustn’t repeat a word of this, even in your
sleep.”

  “Do you have to tell me that?”

  “No. Well, Marilee, here’s the story.” He told her
about it, in as few words as he could. “So you see,” he
ended, “why Normanfenton said that I must go alone.”
“Yes. I see why he said it, an I still think he is wrong.
Look, Dikar. If you go alone, an you’re captured or
killed, that’s the end of everything. But if the three of
us try to get through to this Yucatan, there’s three
chances of one of us gettin there. The chances might be
more against each one of the three, but the chances
against America would be less.”

  Dikar rubbed the back of his head with his knuckles.
“I—I guess I’m dumb. When I listened to Norman-
fenton he seemed right. Now you seem right. But you
can’t both be.”

  “No, we can’t both be.” She moved a little away.
“It’s up to you, Dikar.” Her gray eyes took hold of
his. “It’s all up to you.”

  “Up to me? If I say so, you’ll stop arguin an go back
to Norrisdam?”

  “If you say that you must go alone, I will not try
to go with you.”

  She always twisted his words around. The light wind
that stirred the leaves was suddenly cold on Dikar’s skin.
Marilee stood straight and proud in the dimness and
something in the way her eyes rested on him reminded
Dikar of what she’d said last night: “When a Girl gives
a Boy her love—there is no life for her any more except
as a part of his life.”

  A bird cheeped its joy at finding a worm. Underlying
the tiny morning sounds in the brush was the sound of the
wide river rushing endlessly to the Gulf.

  Dikar couldn’t think with Marilee’s eyes on him. He
looked away from Marilee. Through an opening in the
shimmering green, he saw a piece of the river. He saw a
broken plank, caught in the grasp of the swift current,
shoot across the space of muddy water and vanish
downstream.

64TTELP me, Marilee,” Dikar murmured. “You’ve
always helped me to find the right thing to do.”
He looked at Marilee. Her hand was pressed against
her breast, as if something hurt her. “Help me this
once more.”

  “No.” The hand pressed harder against the soft round
of her breast. “This is a thing I cannot help you with. It
is a thing for you to decide yourself.”

  Dikar couldn’t bear looking at that hand, knowing that
the hurt under it was on account of him. He looked at
the river again. Two branches, held together by their
intertwined twigs, came into view. A swirl of the cur-
rent brought them to the inner edge of the water. Some-
thing on the shore caught one of them, held it. The cur-
rent tore the other one away, slanted it out toward the
middle of the river. The twisted little twigs of the one
left behind quivered as if reaching after the branch that
had come so far with it.

  There was no use of it reaching. The river had sepa-
rated them. The river would never let them come
together again. Anything caught in the rush of the river
must obey the will of the river.

  “No, Marilee,” Dikar said, still not looking at her. “It
is nothing for me to decide. It is something that has
been decided for me. I have my orders an—Wait!”

  Out there in the river something black, small, had ap-
peared. A muskrat’s head. A long, V-shaped ripple
trailed behind it, and the V slanted toward the shore
across the streaks of foam that marked the current that
had swept the branch out away from it.

  The strength of the muskrat was so small, so awfully
small against the strength of the river, but the muskrat
wanted to get to shore, and it was setting its will against
the will of the river.

  A spray of leaves hid it from Dikar, but it was much
nearer the shore than when he’d first glimpsed it. He
swung around to Marilee and his words came swiftly.
“What I have to do, I’ve got to do,” he cried. “But I’m
a man, not a stick of wood, so I’ll do it my own way.
You’re goin with me, my Marilee.”

  “Dikar!” A light that had almost gone out flared
again and shone brilliant in the gray eyes. “Oh Dikar—”
A loud threshing of brush broke in on her, the pound
of running feet. Dikar whirled, threw himself toward
it. Something thudded to the ground, just beyond a bush
that blocked his view. He got around the bush and
stopped, his eyes widening.

  Bessalton stood rigid, the blade of the knife in her hand
scarlet, looking down at Yosuke who sprawled at her feet,
face down and very still.

j\/TARILEE came up, gasped, stopped close to Dikar.
-L” Bessalton’s head turned to them. “He must have
rubbed the vines around his feet against a stone,” she
said, “till he rubbed them through. First thing I knew,
he’d jumped up an started to run. I caught up with him
and—and—well, there wasn’t anything else I could do,
was there?”

  “No,” Marilee saiij,''flat-toned. “I guess not.” Dikar
was looking at the flattened-down grass where Yosuke
had lain. He could see the vines that had been around
his ankles, and even from here he could see thcj.t their
ends were not frayed, but sliced through clean.

  “No, Bessalton,” Marilee murmured. “I guess there
was nothing else you could do.”
LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW

59

  “That’s what Franksmith told me,” said Bessalton.

  Marilee caught and clung to Dikar’s hand; and he felt
a shudder run through him.

  “Franksmith,” Bessalton said again. Her forehead
wrinkled and her eyes were suddenly puzzled. “But—
but Franksmith is dead. He is dead an buried, up there
on Clingman’s Dome. How could he tell me anything?”

  Marilee’s breath hissed. She let go of Dikar, held her
hand out to Bessalton. “Give me the knife, dear,” she said
very gently. “Please give it to me.”

  Looking at her, Bessalton was very white and Dikar
could see that a sob was tearing at her throat; she shook
like an aspen leaf in the fall’s first chill breeze. Marilee
took the knife from Bessalton’s fingers and gave it to
Dikar, and put her arm around the black-haired girl’s
waist. “Come dear,” she said softly. “Come with me.”
She turned Bessalton away from the still form on the
ground, led her off. Bushes parted, closed behind them.

  Dikar stared where they had gone, his throat dry. This
was a mess. They couldn’t take Bessalton along with
them, that was certain, but they couldn’t send her back
alone, either. Maybe Marilee could help him figure out
what to do. Meantime, he’d better wipe the blood off
this knife.

  He bent and stuck it deep in the ground, and when
he pulled it out it was clean again. Then, to keep him-
self from thinking about Bessalton, he cut branches
from the bushes, piled them over the Asafric. Just as
he finished, Marilee came back to him.

  “She cried herself to sleep,” she answered his silent
question.

  “We’ve got to get rid of her, Marilee, somehow. Some'
night she’s liable to hear Franksmith tell her to kill you
or me—”

  “No, Dikar. She’ll never again hear Franksmith talkin
to her.”

  “How do you know?”

  “I don’t know how I know, but I’m sure of it as I am
that you love me. Somethin happened to Bessalton when
she killed Yosuke, somethin that shook her up so that—
Listen!” Marilee’s pupils got big, all of a sudden; black
and frightened. “What’s that sound?”

  Dikar heard it too—a blurring rumble, somewhere in-
land. “Sounds like a truck’s runnin along that road.”
They listened, and the rumble got closer, louder. “It’ll go
by, Marilee.”

  But it didn’t. It was slowing. It stopped. A door
slammed and bushes threshed as men pushed into them.
“They’ve found us,” Marilee whispered. “Dikar! They’ve
found out we’re here an they’ve come for us.”

CHAPTER XII

SURRENDER, AMERICAN

44'T'HEY’VE got us cut off,” Dikar declared, low-toned.

  *■ “We can’t get past em. We’re trapped on this
point.”

. “The river!” Marilee whispered. “The boat’s—”

  “Our only chance. Come on.”

  They flitted through the thicket. Marilee left Dikar
for an instant and came back with Bessalton, whose face
was muzzy with sleep. Dikar handed the black-haired
GM her knife, glanced at Marilee to make sure she had
hers, and his own. These knives were all they had to

fight with if they had to fight. There was nothing else.

  The Black’s rifles and Yosuke’s revolver were at the
bottom of the river. Dikar’s own gun must be too, he
hadn’t been able to find it.

  He let Marilee get a little ahead, so that she could
lead the way to where she’d hidden the boat. The first
loud threshing back of them had stopped. Dikar could
hardly hear the Asafrics at all. That was bad. It meant
that they must be Black trailers, whose woodcraft nearly
matched that of the Bunch.

  Marilee stopped suddenly, very carefully let a branch
that she’d pulled aside drop back into place. She turned
and her face was drawn, pallid.	*

  “No use,” she breathed. “There’s a couple of little
boats out there on the river, filled with soldiers.”

  “They’ve outguessed us!”

  “No. They’re only fishing, but they’re right opposite
the willow.” Her brow wrinkled. “Listen. Those others
aren’t comin down here after us. They seem to have
stopped movin.”

  Dikar cocked his head, listened. “Does sound like
that. I’m goin to see what—” He darted away, slipping
through the thorny tangle. With those clothes on he
couldn’t move as noiselessly as he’d liked, but the wind
in the leaves made a louder rustle than he did.

  The wind brought him the smell of Asafric Blacks.
That scent swerved him toward where he’d seen the old
house. He froze as a yell, high-pitched like the voices of
all the Yellow officers, pierced the rustling hush.

  “Come out of there.” It was around on the other side
of where Dikar knew the old house stood. “You are sur-
rounded.”

  “Surround and be damned!” Wall-muffled, that was a
ringing and defiant shout and the voice was that of an
American.. “If you want me, come and take me.”

  Instinct rather than anything he’d heard made Dikar
turn his head. The Girls had followed him. “If we have
to take you,” the Asafric was answering the American,
“you’ll be sorry you ever was born. You’d better come out,
unarmed.”

  Dikar jerked his hand to the Girls to go back. “Wait
for me,” the American shouted, “I’ll be out with the first
snowfall.” Marilee crept closer to Dikar. “Can we help
him, Dikar?”

  “I’ll see if there’s a chance. You two stay-here.” He
was moving again, around to the other side of the house-
from where the Asafric was yelling, “I shall give you five
minutes to come out.” Maybe he’d lied about the house
being surrounded. “Five minutes, American, and then
we come in after you.”

  A laugh, hoarse, mocking, was the only answer.

T'ilKAR went rigid, his nostrils flaring. Just ahead of
^ him a dark bulk crouched in the greenery, a long,
thin rifle barrel jutting sideways out from it. Somewhat
beyond, there was another Black.

  “Five minutes, American, counting from now.”

  Through shimmering green, Dikar could make out the
house, its walls silvery-gray except where some flecks
of paint still stuck to them, the windows glassless, black
and empty-looking, the roof squashed as if a giant’s foot
had stepped on it.

  Around the house was a space, twenty feet or so wide,
where only grass and weeds grew, but no bushes. No one
could cross that without making himself a plain target
60

ARGOSY

for the American inside. And the American seemed ready.

  That was why the Asafric officer was trying to get him
to come out. And that was why he had been silent since
his last brave laugh. He couldn’t watch all around the
house at once, but if he kept quiet there was no telling
where he was. He could surely kill two or three Blacks
before they got him. Their officer was smart to try and
save them if he could.

  The one nearest Dikar had eyes for the house only. A
fellow could sneak up . . . Dikar shook his head, telling
himself he had no right to. He had no right to risk the
fate of all Americans to save one.

  The Black was moving. He took his hat off, put it
on the end of his rifle, stuck it out of the bushes, just a
little, so it looked like he was putting his head out, care-
lessly.

  No shot came from the house. The American wasn’t
watching this side.

  “Four minutes more,” the yell came from the other
side of the house. “You have four minutes to think it
over.”

  Leaves rustled. The Asafric Dikar watched was lifting
from his crouch. The other one did the same. Half-bent,
rifles slanted across in front of their burly forms, they
were prowling towards the house.

  They weren’t going to wait for the five minutes to be up.

DIKAR felt a blinding surge of anger. Next thing he
knew he was out in the open and his knife was flash-
ing, had buried itself in the back of the nearest Black.

  He pulled it out, twisted to the other, saw white,
goggling eyes, thick, purplish lips opening. Before the
slow-thinking Asafric could quite realize that this dark
man in green was an enemy, Dikar had leaped at him,
had sliced his throat.

  The green-uniformed body thudded to the ground and
Dikar was back in the bushes. “Three minutes,” he heard
the officer yell. “Only three minutes more.” And then
Dikar saw Marilee’s white, big-eyed face. Bessalton’s.

  “We’re in for it now,” he snapped at them. “When
the rest find those bodies . . . You two go around that
way.” He pointed. “Take care of any Blacks you find
there. I’ll take the other two sides.”

  They nodded, were off, Dikar was a silent shadow now
in spite of his clothes, flitting through the tangle. He
spotted a Black and dropped to his belly, slithered up on
him like a snake, struck like a snake.

  Dikar’s next victim saw him. His scream was in his
eyes as he died.

  “One minute.” The officer, flat under a bush, was the
only one around in front of the house. “One minute,
American, and we close in on you.” He was little, wiry.
Watch in one hand, revolver in the other, he was looking at
the closed door of the house, at the broken steps leading
down from it. “You cannot escape.” There was no sound
from inside the house. “Give up, Americ—”

  The officer’s back wasn’t as tough to Dikar’s knife as
the muscled backs of the Blacks.

DIKAR felt like he was going to be sick to the stomach,
but the Girls’ eyes were shining in their pale faces.
“I know,” Marilee said, seeing what he looked like. “I
know what you’re thinkin. It didn’t seem like fair fight,
but it was.

  “We weren’t up against only the seven Asafrics here,

our knives against their guns. If we’d given one of them a
chance to even yell or shoot, the ones out there on the
river would have heard the fightin an come to see what
was up. We are up against the whole Asafric army, just
the three of us, an any way that we can find to even the
odds is fair.”

  We Boys live by a code, Dikar thought, as he lifted to
his feet, but Girls cut straight through codes when they
have to. “We’ll have to get away from here quick now,
before others come to see what happened to this detach-
ment.”

  “How about the American in there?”

  “I’ll go tell him he’s safe.” Dikar started toward the
house.

  A gun cracked inside of it and something plucked at
Dikar’s sleeve as he jumped back into the thicket. A great,
ringing laugh followed him.

  “Come on! ” the laugh broke into shouted words. “Why
don’t you come on? I can’t kill all of you. Come on an’
take me.”

  “He saw your green uniform,” Marilee exclaimed. “He
thinks you’re an Asafric. But we don’t dare yell to him.
Those soldiers on the river . . . Bessalton! ” She grabbed
at the other Girl, but was too late. Bessalton was out
there in the open, walking straight toward the house, an
odd little smile touching the corners of her mouth.

  “Oh, gosh,” Dikar groaned. “She’s gone nuts again.”

  “No, she hasn’t,” Marilee was smiling too. “He can
see that she’s white. Oh, look at her, Dikar!”

  The black hair rippled down around the slender, grace-
ful figure, bare-legged, bare-armed, the white sarong out-
lining every lovely curve. Bessalton’s head was high and
proud as she walked in the sun.

  “The door’s opening,” Marilee whispered.

  Bessalton reached the steps and the door up top of them
came wideband a lean, long-legged man was framed in
the opening. He stared at Bessalton.

  “I didn’t feel the bullet.” Dikar could hear him
plainly.

  “The bullet?” Bessalton sounded puzzled, looking up
at the man. His hands were tight on the rifle he held
across in front of a faded-blue shirt, open at the throat,
and almost as ragged as the dirt-colored pants fastened
around his waist by a belt of rope. His jaw was black
with beard-stubble, his cheeks sunken, his eyes like
burned-out coals.

  “What bullet?” Bessalton asked.

  “The one that killed me. I’m dead, ain’t I?” He
chuckled, and there was something suddenly gay in the
sound of it, something heartwarming. “I must be. You
couldn’t be anyone but an angel, come to take me to
Heaven.”

  Bessalton’s laugh was startling. “Oh, Dikar,” Marilee
breathed. “She hasn’t laughed since Franksmith died.”

CHAPTER XIII

SOUTH TO PERIL

rpHE gaunt young man closed the door after he’d let
them into the house, but there was still enough light
to see that there was dust everywhere in the desolate,
empty rooms; to see that the slats, where the plaster had
fallen out of the walls, like a grid of fishbones.

  “Yeah,” he chuckled. “It’s an awful dump, but it sure
/

LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW

 61

looks good to Jim Corbin.” He was grinning, but his
eyes watched Dikar warily and he held his rifle ready
to shoot. “All-fired good, considering that a couple min-
utes ago I thought I wouldn’t be looking at anything by
this time.”

  “You don’t have to keep your finger curled on your
gun trigger.” Marilee smiled. “We’re friends. H6nest
we are.”

  “You seem to have proved that, all right.” He backed
up against the wall beside the door and the way he stood,
on one leg, the other a little lifted, he reminded Dikar of a
fawn he’d cornered once on the Mountain, intending to
catch and tame it for a pet for Marilee. “But I don’t get
it. I don’t get it at all. Why should an Asafric—”

  “I’m not an Asafric, Jim Corbin,” Dikar grinned. “I’m
as good an American as you are. My name’s Dikar.”
“Dikar! The hell you are!” Jim Corbin’s gun-muzzle
swung around to bear on Dikar’s chest. “I’ve heard all
about Dikar. He’s got golden hair and yours is black,
and— What kind of stunt are you trying to pull on
me, anyway?”

  “No stunt, cross my heart an hope— Wait!” Dikar
thought of something. “I know why you’re hidin here,
inside the enemy lines. You’re an agent of the Secret
Net!”

  “So what? That’s no secret any more, judging from
the visitors I was entertaining a little while ago. I belong
to the Secret Net and my call’s V-four, and where does
that bring us?”

  “To where I can prove I’m no Asafric.” Dikar smiled.
“Listen. Johndawson—he was V-six when I first found
him in the Far Land—once told me that there’s a question
you of the Net ask to test if a station has been captured
an is bein operated by a spy. That right?”

  “Right enough. What about it?”

  “If you ask it, I’ll give you the answer.”

  “You will, hey?” Jimcorbin looked uncertain. “Well—
how many feathers in the eagle’s tail?”

  “Thirteen, an the risin sun may have scorched his
wings, but he’ll fly again into the red-striped mornin, up
an up till the white stars blaze in the blue sky. Is that
right, Jimcorbin?”

  “Right as rain,” the other said, “and if you know that,
you’re no Asafric. Shake, Dikar.” He shifted his rifle
to his left hand and stuck out his right. Dikar’s met it in
a strong clasp.

  “This is good.” Jimcorbin’s voice shook, and then he
was laughing, all of a sudden.

  “What’s funny?” Dikar felt a little sore.

  “Nothing. Only I just thought how close I was to

kicking this slat down here.” He jerked his head down
at a hole in the plaster, right where his lifted foot had
been. “That would have set off a charge of dynamite in
the cellar, fixed there to blow up my radio set and this
whole shebang, with everyone in it, when, as and if I
was ever raided.

  “Here I’ve sweated blood for three lonely, terrible years
just trying to do a little bit for my country and I’d have
wound up by blowing sky-high the guy that’s done more
for it than anyone except General Fenton himself. Not
to speak of—” His look went to Bessalton and came
away. “Hell, Dikar. Can’t you see how funny that
would have been?”

  “No.” Dikar shook his head. “I can’t.”

44T>UT I can see something else,” Marilee put in. “I
can see that if we keep on foolin around in this
house, you’ll get your chance to kick that slat. How
much longer do you think it’s goin to be before someone’s
sent from Memphis to find out why those soldiers haven’t
come back?”

  “Oh Lord,” Jimcorbin groaned. “You’re right. We’d
better be kiting out of here, an’ pronto. Look. If we
move quick, we can make it up-river to V-two’s shack, at
Tennemo, without getting spotted, and that’s inside our
own lines. What are. we waitin’ for? Let’s get started.”
“You get started, Jimcorbin,” Dikar said. “We’re hid-
in’ somewheres near here till it gets dark. We’re not goin
up the river, you see. We’re goin down it. To the Gulf.”
“To the Gulf!” Jim stared. “Why in the name of
Luke and the other eleven Apostles would you want to go
there, and how the blazes do you think you’re going to get
there?”

  “I can’t tell you why, my friend, except that it’s not
because we’ve got a hankerin to swim in salt water. An I
know as little as you do as to how. All I know is that at
least one of us has got to get there, an so one of us will.
So I guess it’s goodbye.” Dikar stuck out his hand again.

  Jimcorbin didn’t take it. “Okay,” he grunted. “If it’s
down-river, it’s down-river. You’re not shaking me.”
Once more his eyes went to Bessalton, and this time they
stayed on her. “Not if I can help it.”

  “Nothin doin.” Dikar hated to say it. “You can’t—”
“Wait,” Marilee exclaimed. “Wait, Dikar. Jimcor-
bin! That truck out there, that the Asafrics came in—
can you drive it?”

  “And how!”

  “Then we can get a uniform off one of the dead
Asafrics, dress Jimcorbin up in it. His hair’s black al-
ready. I saw only one tree out behind this house, but

SPEEDWAY

DE LUXE

BLADES

•FOR FAST, SMOOTH, ECONOMICAL SHAVES
62

ARGOSY

that’s a walnut. I can make a dye from its bark that will
stain, his skin as dark as yours. You’ll both look
like Abyssinians. You can tie us Girls up in the back of
the truck. We can be your prisoners, an you’re takin
us South.”

  “By Jerusalem!” Jimcorbin said softly. “It might
work. I’ve heard the Asafrics are careless, down deep in
their own territory, so if we can only get through this
zone around here, where the truck might be recognized... I
know all the backroads from here to salt water. I’ve had
to know where our agents are posted. What do you say,
Dikar? Shall we try it?”

  “It’s crazy.” Dikar looked from Jimcorbin’s face to
Marilee’s excited one. Inside his head he was hearing
a tired, old voice that said, “I cannot believe that if we
need a miracle to save America, He will not help us to
work that miracle.”

  And Dikar was thinking how everything seemed to fit
into Marilee’s scheme: the Asafrics with their uniforms
and their truck, Jimcorbin to drive it, even that the one
tree near the house should be a walnut tree. It was as if
He had brought Dikar and the Girls here, had sent the
Asafrics here to take Jimcorbin, all at exactly the same
time because that was His way of working the miracle
Normanfenton prayed for.

   “It’s the craziest idea anyone ever heard of,” Dikar said
slowly. “We’ll try it. Get busy, everybody.”

  Even in here he could hear the sound of the river, the
c-ndless rush of its waters, but somehow it was a friendly
sound now, a sound that told him he was doing right.

   There were four now, not one, and the river had brought
them together. They were four, and they were going
south with the flow of the river, to work a miracle that
America might have a tomorrow.

•

  From: A History of the Asiatic-African World Hege-
mony, Zafir Uscudan, Ph.D. (Bombay) LL.D. (Singa-
pore ) F.I.H.S., etc. Third Edition, vol. 3. Chap XXVII
pp991ff

  . . . The thousand and one versions of the legend of
Dikar have brought down to us as many differing ac-
counts of his amazing Odyssey from Memphis to the Mis-
sissippi’s mouth, but diligent research fails to unearth a
single detail sufficiently authenticated to merit repetition
in a scholarly history of the time.

  It would be surprising if the contrary were true. Men
were not concerned with writing history in those days
when the Great Insurrection approached its apogee. They
were making it.

  The guerilla bands with which the Americans had begun
their fight for freedom were at last coalescing into recog-
nizable armies that had driven the Asafrics out of a wide
swath of territory stretching across mid-Continent from
the Atlantic Seaboard to the Rockies’ eastern slope.

  In far-off Panama, Viceroy Yee Hashamoto’s tanks were
setting out on their drive up through Central America
and Mexico and Texas to destroy the presumptuous
slaves. Benighted Europe . . .

  ... In all the documents that we have examined, we
can find only two references to Dikar’s mission. The
first is this poignant entry in General Norman Fenton’s
diary:

     May 20: Today entrusted to Oikar my only hope of saving
  the Cause from complete disaster. Can any prospect so nebu-
  lous be called a hope? Even if he wins unscathed through six
  hundred miles teeming with Hashamoto’s black and yellow
  troops, even if he somehow devises a way to cross the Gulf,
  what awaits him?

     Have I just sent that fine lad to his death with no reason
  to justify me except sheer desperation? A dozen years ago
  an uncertain number of our people, fleeing the invaders,
  were swallowed up by the dark jungle of the Quintana Roo.
  Since that day no word from them has ever reached the outer
  world.

    Do they still live? What have they become? What right
  have I to think that even if they still exist and can be roused
  to aid us, they can accomplish anything against the armored
  juggernauts of the Asafrics?

    Only He can answer Who has brought us thus far on the
  road to a free Tomorrow. Devoutly, humbly, I place in His
  hands the fate of this nation that has suffered so much.

     If He fail us—but that must not be. It cannot be.

  The other bit of authentic data is a page from the
log of Station V-2 of the Secret Net, at Tennemo, Tenn.
A code message received here at 11:38 A. M., May Thir-
tieth, from Operative V-4, James Corbin, reveals that
Dikar inexplicably had been joined by his wife, Mary
Lee (Marilee) and another girl- of Dikar’s Bunch, Elisa-
beth Alton (Bessalton).

  These had just rescued Corbin from an Asafric raid on
his station near Memphis. The two men disguised as
Abyssinians, the girls posing as their prisoners, they
were about to attempt to penetrate the enemy’s territory
in an army truck captured from the raiding party.

    We’re going to blow up the station, (the message con-
  tinues) and with it the bodies of the Asafrics who tried to
  take me, together with that of an extra Dikar killed earlier
  today.

     That last we’re going to dress up in my clothes and make
  sure that he’s messed up enough that he’ll be counted for me.
  We’re hoping that anyone sent to find out what’s keeping
  the detachment won’t notice that the ruins of the truck are
  nowhere in the mess.

     “That way, with luck, there will be no hue and cry after us
  and we might have a chance to get away with this nutty stunt.
  Well, OM, thirty. When you hear the boom, look over this
  way and maybe you’ll see old V-4 go up in a cloud of smoke.

  That smoke-cloud veils the intrepid quartet from our
  sight. When it thins again to again permit us a glimpse
  of them, it is four days later and they are somewhere in
  that dim region of swamp and bayou on the border of
  Barataria Bay where centuries before Jean Lafitte and his
  buccaneers held forth. . . .

CHAPTER XIV

MIRROR OF THE WORLD

'T'HE tree Dikar climbed was like something in a dream.

    It was very like any one of the hemlocks on the
 Mountain, where he’d grown up and, in a strange way,
 it was very different.

  It had a straight, tall trunk. Its branches forked and
  forked again till they became twigs, and the twigs were
  fringed with short, stubby green needles like a hemlock’s.

  But this tree had round, purple-colored fruit where a
  hemlock would have cones. It stood straddled high above
  a brooding lake on roots like gray, knobbed knees. Its
  bark was loose on its trunk in long, gray shreds and,
  strangest of all, its branches were festooned with some
  gray, dry-seeming stuff like looped beards that made the
LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW

63

tree seem old, older than Time itself and vaguely fright-
ening.

  As Dikar climbed the tree, his legs and arms were
heavy, the way one’s legs and arms seem in a dream, and
he was wet with sweat. That was because the air was
so heavy in this land, steamy and hard to breathe.

  This land to which, following the course of the river,
they had come was all strange as this tree. It was choked
with plants of a kind Dikar had never before seen, dark
green and strange-leaved and murmursome.

   Dark little streams wandered slow through it, sullen and
silent, very different from the cheerfully babbling little
streams on the Mountain. A strange smell hung about
the streams and the glowering lakes, into which they
spread.

  Dikar reached the top of the tree. He saw the sky.
Even the sky was strange in this strange land. It was
big and empty and it pressed down close on the lush
green land and the land seemed to crouch under it, afraid.
It was a strange, strange color, a sort of reddish yellow
like metal heated, and no wind came out of it.

  He hadn’t come up here to look at the sky, Dikar re-
minded himself. He’d come up to look along the road
down which their truck had rocked and slithered last night
till the Girls had cried out that they couldn’t stand it any
more and Jimcorbin had stopped it beside the black
glimmer of a half-seen lake.

DIKAR could make out the road for a little way,
where it followed the edge of the lake, but then it
curved back into the queer green woods and he couldn’t
see it any more.

  It was little more than a path, black mud with green
things sprouting out of it. Nothing moved on the part of
the road he could see, and from where the road vanished
he could hear no sound of life.

  No sound of human life came to Dikar, and that was
what he’d hoped for. But no sight, no sound of living
beasts or birds came to him, though the night just ended
bad been noisy with startling screams, spine-chilling roars,
little scutterings.

  It was as if between the end of night and dawn all the
wild things had fled something awful that was going to
happen. That sky . . . Dikar shrugged, wiped sweat
from his forehead with the back of his hand, started to
climb down. He was a sissy, letting himself be scared by
the way a sky looked. Why, there wasn’t so much as a
cloud in it.

  He slid down to one of the tree’s gray knees, sprang
across four feet of water to the bank where Marilee and
Bessalton stood, each holding two of the rifles they’d
taken from the Asafrics. Just beyond them was the truck,
and from its driver’s seat Jimcorbin looked a question
at Dikar.

  “All clear,” Dikar answered it. “Go ahead.”

  The noise of the starting motor was awful loud in the
green hush. Jimcorbin twisted the steering wheel and
the truck was moving, turning on the road. The wheels
crunched the greenery of the lake’s bank and went into
the water and the truck went out into the water.

  Greenish light trailed the truck wheels like the dark
water had turned to a queer, liquid fire where they moved.
Jimcorbin patted the steering wheel with his hand, said,
“ ’Bye, baby,” and jumped from his seat, landed alongside
the others.

  The truck kept going, that strange green glow rippling
where its wheels passed. All of a sudden its nose dipped
and it slid slowly, almost as if it knew what was happen-
ing, under the water.

  Where it had been, was only a great pool of gteen
glow on the surface of the dark water. That faded, was
gone.

4 OU figured right,” Dikar said. “It got to the edge
of that deep hole we found with sticks this morning,
before the water drowned its motor.”

  “Yeah. She did all right.” Jimcorbin, tall in his
green Asafric uniform, his face dark with the walnut stain
Marilee had put on it, looked unhappy. “You know
something, Dikar? I feel like I’ve murdered an old friend.”
He chuckled suddenly, the little laughing lights in his
brown eyes once more that had never quite gone out of
them. “Will you listen to Jim Corbin getting sentimental
over a bunch of steel and wood! Well, Dikar, the Gulf’s
about a mile from here, that way, and the truck’s gone,
so you’re in charge from now on. What’s next on the
program?”

  “Get to the Gulf, of course, an find some way to get
across it. Come on.”

  He took his rifle from Marilee and Jimcorbin took his
from Bessalton, and they got started. The path went on
and on through the green hush of these dim woods, and
turned and got so narrow that they had to go single file,
Dikar leading, Jimcorbin bringing up the rear.

   They crossed a stream on the bridge of a fallen log, and
when they’d gone a little way further the path bent
sharply around a big tree like the one Dikar had climbed,
and he saw light ahead, striking through the tangle.

  The light grew stronger. Dikar pushed through a bush
that stretched its twigs across the path.

  All of a sudden there were no more leaves, no more
trees. There was only the strange, reddish-yellow sky
ahead of him, overhead and out fn front, and rounding
down under—

  No. Above and in front of Dikar was the sky, but
what was under the sky was water, stretching out and
out till it met the sky, the water so still, so smooth, that
it was like the mirror into which he’d looked while he’d
blackened his golden hair and beard, and just the way
that mirror had pictured his face, the water pictured the
sky.

  The Girls came out of the woods and Dikar heard their
breath catch in their throats as they stepped stockstill
beside him.

OAND sloped down from their feet to the water, and then
^ the water began and went out, on and on endlessly,
and there was no other shore out there but only the red-
dish-yellow water and the reddish-yellow sky rounding
down to meet it, sky and water enclosing a space un-
thinkably vast and empty.

  The water heaved slowly, Dikar saw now, as if the
world itself breathed in deep sleep, and halfway up the
round of the sky an immense scarlet ball was the night-
mare sun of the sleeping world’s dread-filled dream.

  This sand‘at whose edge they stood ran away from
them, left and right, curving outward till it became two
long points of land that reached out into the water, black
against the reddish-yellow glow, like two great arms
embracing the water. But the water stretched away be-
64

ARGOSY

tween the ends of the arms into that vast and lonely
nothingness.

  “The end of the world,” Marilee murmured, her voice
low, hushed. “We’ve come to the end of the world, Dikar.”
Jimcorbin chuckled. “Not quite, kid. Not quite the
end of the world. Just the Gulf of Mexico.”

  “The Gulf!” Dikar exclaimed. “But where’s Yuca-
tan?”

  “Due south, m’lad. Straight ahead the way we’re fac-
ing.”

  “Straight ahead? Why can’t we see it then?”

  “Because after about thirty miles, your line of sight
skids off the round of the earth—”

  “The earth isn’t round, it’s flat. Look.” Dikar waved
his arm out in front of him. “You can see that it’s as flat
as—well, it’s flat.”

  “Holy mackerel! Don’t tell me you never learned—
no,” Jimcorbin checked himself. “There wasn’t anyone
on that Mountain of yours to teach you.” They’d told
him all about their Mountain, on the way down.

  “Well, you’ll just have to take my word for it. The
earth’s round, and that’s why the horizon, that line
where the sky seems to meet the water, is only about
thirty miles from here, but the Gulf goes on and on about
five hundred miles more, and then there’s Yucatan,
where you want to go.”

  “Five hundred miles,” Dikar repeated, dismayed.
“That’s almost as far as we’ve come already. I knew it
was too far to swim, but five—” He broke off. “What’s
that noise?”

JIMCORBIN cocked his head and listened to the quick
pop-pop-pop that had suddenly rapped against the
brooding hush. “I’d say it was an auxiliary motor some-
one’s been having trouble with an’ has just managed to
get started again. The boat it’s on is hidden from us by
that headland.”

  He pointed to the arm of land on the left. “By the
same token we’re hidden from whoever’s on it. Now if by
some miracle we could get hold of that, Dikar, it would
be a better way of getting across the Gulf than swim-
ming.”

  “By some miracle. It’s funny you should say that,
Jimcorbin. That’s exactly what Normanfenton said he
was going to pray for, some miracle to help me.”

  “Prayer’s no good any more, Dikar, in this lousy world
—Get back! Hide, everybody! That damned lugger’s
coming around the headland!”

  They jumped back into the bushes, just far enough to

screen them, and then they were peering through the
green curtain at the boat that poked its nose into view
far out there, and was skimming the glassy surface of $ie
Gulf.

  “Oh she’s a beauty,” Jimcorbin breathed. “A thirty-
five footer if she’s an inch, sloop-rigged, and as clean
lines as I’ve ever seen. That one was never built in an
Asafric yard, not on your life.”

  “There are Asafrics on her now, though.” Dikar liked
the boat too. Low to the water, it was like a white bird.
“I can see three of them. Yellow. They are officers.”
“You’ve got good eyes, guy, if you can make out the
color of their skin, though even I can see the green of
their uniforms. They must have been caught in the calm,”
Jimcorbin mused, “and then found that their pusher was
kaput. The devil! They’re putting about. Now what?”
“They’re coming in here! ” Marilee’s fingers were cold
on Dikar’s wrist. “They’re goin to land right here. We’ve
got to get away quick!”

  Jimcorbin laughed a little, harshly. “Looks like you’re
right. They’re sure heading straight for this cove. But
that’s nothing to get all hot an’ bothered about. It will
take them twenty minutes or more, the rate they’re travel-
ing. However, I guess we’d better be going on our way.
How about it, Dikar?”

  “Ugh?”

  “I asked how about our getting started away from
here?”

  Dikar looked around at him eyes narrowed, brow knit-
ted. “We’re not goin away, Jimcorbin. We’re goin to stay
here an wait for em.”

  “Wait for— Are you clean out of your noodle?” '

  “No. You just said that prayer’s no good any more,
in this lousy world. Well, you’re wrong. Normanfenton
prayed for me to find a way to get to Yucatan, an there’s
the answer to his prayer. That boat’s goin to take us
there.”

  “Could be.” Jimcorbin whispered. “Could very well
be. There are four of us an’ only three of them, an’ even
if they are armed, we can pick them off with our rifles
as they come in.

  “It’s taking an awful chance. The sound of firing will
carry for miles across the water. It’s sure to be heard at
Port Eads or Morgan City, or both, and unless the Asa-
frics are dumber than I think, there’ll be a destroyer out
to see what the shooting’s for. Those babies are fast.
They’ll overhaul that sloop in nothing flat, and—”

-	“There ain’t goin to be any shootin,” Dikar said quiet-
ly. “Listen. Listen to me, all of you.”

(To Be Concluded, Next Week)

BEHAVE!

Don’t cough in public places. Carry with you
a box of delicious Smith Brothers Cough
Drops. (Black or Menthol, 54.)

Smith. Bros. Cough Drops are the
only drops containing VITAMIN A

Vitamin A (Carotene) raises the resistance of
mucous membranes of nose and throat to
cold infections, when lack of resist-
ance is due to Vitamin A deficiency.
\

Kidneys Must
Clean Out Acids

  Excess acids, poisons and wastes in your blood
  are removed chiefly by your kidneys. Getting up
  Nights, Burning Passages, Backache, Swollen
  Ankles, Nervousness, Rheumatic Pains, Dizziness,
  Circles Under Eyes, and feeling worn out, often
  are caused by non-organic and non-systemic Kid-
  ney and Bladder troubles. Usually in such cases,
  the very first dose of Cystex goes right to work
  helping the Kidneys flush out excess acids and
  wastes. And this cleansing, purifying Kidney ac-
  tion, in just a day or so, may easily make you
  feel younger, stronger and better than in years.
  A printed guarantee wrapped around each pack-
  age of Cystex insures an immediate refund of
  the full cost unless you are completely satisfied.
  You have everything to gain and nothing to lose
  under this positive money back guarantee so get
  Cystex from your druggist today for only 35c.

Cet th'S HE* ediZ!°» Of

                 •Just out-new 1941 edition!
 A digest of the year’s best
 articles on fishing. 100 pages
 of facts, fiction, thrills. In-
 cludes chart of world's record catches. Also in-
 formation on outboard motors. Sent free! Write

 JOHNSON MOTORS, 1611 Pershing Rd.. Waukegan, III.

 Believe In Luck?-$

                    1 Carry a pair of GENUINE
 1BRAHMA RED LIVE HIGH-
 3 LY MAGNETIC LODESTONES!
 I Legend reputes, Occult Oriental
 f ancients superstitiously carried
 two Live Lodestones as MOST
 POWERFUL MAGNETIC
 “LUCKY” CHARMS, one to
 _ "attract” Good Luck In Money,
 Games, Love, Business, Work, etc., the other to “pre-
 vent” Bad Luck, Losses, Evil, Trouble, Harm, etc. Be-
 lieve in Luck? Carry a Pair of these curious Genuine
 Brahma Red Live Lodestones! We mako no supernatural
 claims. $1.97 Postpaid for the two, with all Information.
 $1.97 and l5o extra if C.O.D. Satisfaction GUARAN-
 TEED or Money Returned. Order yours NOW!

ASTROL CO., Dept. 86, Main P. O.

Box 72, BROOKLYN, N. Y.

  NOTICE! Beware of imitations! We absolutely GUAR-
  ANTEE these Genuine Brahma Lodestones are ALIVE!
  We believe they are just what you want, the REAL
  7.*!	E R F U L DRAWING, EXTRA HIGHLY

 MAGNETIC! Fully Guaranted—Order TODAYI Copy-
 right 1937—-A. Co.

3c A DAY

HOSPITALIZATION

PLAN $091;

 Pays Up To OLi*J

 HOSPITAL AND
 SURGICAL FEES

FREE

 INFORMATION

   23,000 people go to
   hospitals every day.

 Learn bow Hospital and
 Surgical care is provided
 for every member of your family in case of
 sickness or accident. Plan permits you to go

 to any hospital in the U. S.
 surgeon. No _ medical _ examination

select your own

______ ..... nation required.

 Write today for free information.

 INTERSTATE MUTUAL BENEFIT &SS’N.
 DEPT. MS, DOVER. DELAWARE

  Please send me full details concerning your Hos-
  pitalization Policy.

ADDRESS.......................................

CITY..........................STATE...........

 Argonotes

rT'HE sky is bleak, the day is gray

     and discouraging outside our
 window; and we have been thinking
 with approval of those warm lands
 where a soft breeze whispers in from
 the sea and the grass skirts swish
 pleasantly. We were wishing that we
 had a nice South Seas story to read.

    The desire for change is an import-
 ant motive in people’s choice of read-
 ing; and right now, because of the
 mood we’re in, we can’t see why it
 isn’t the only one. But it isn’t. We
 know, for instance, that cowboys en-
 joy Western stories; that policemen
 often relax with a good murder
 mystery. We’ve heard that criminals
 like to read about crime, but we
 wouldn’t know for sure, of course.
 The prizefighter hurrying from the
 ring to finish a boxing serial, the pilot
 intent on an air story after a danger-
 ous day in the sky—very strange.

    Nothing could be less attractive to
 us than a tale about an editor trapped
 in his office, sealed in by raw weather.
 But then again, perhaps there are pos-
 sibilities in that theme. Perhaps, along
 about the third installment (sooner, if
 possible), the editor could be con-
 veyed to a distant and exotic clime, a
 place disturbed only by whispering
 breezes and swishing skirts.

   And why are we fooling around
 with daydreams when there is mail on
 the desk ? Attend, first of all, to

JOE HERZOG

    As time goes on I find one thing
 wrong with Argosy. My complaint is
 this: For the luwa Pete, why must you
 print letters from pests who say they
 don’t like this or that? Of course you
 can’t satisfy everybody, but who cares?

    Now a lot of people classify stories,
 but very few classify serials alone. Here
 is my attempt at the latter job:

    1.	The Harp and the Blade—Myers

    2.	The Sun Sets at Five—Chase

    3.	Rawhide Road—Foster

    4.	Lords of Creation—Binder

    5.	The Whisper Trail—Coburn

    6.	The Scarlet Blade—Montgomery

    7.	Buckshot for Henry—Tuttle

    8.	Crooked Caribbean Cross—Chase

    9.	Thunder Hoofs—Foster

10. Touchdown, Professor—Philips

    Those, chum, are what I thjnk are the
 best serials published in Argosy since
 September, 1939. And now, in case
 you’d like to know (which you probably
 don’t) the next are my favorite charac-
 ters :

SECRETS ENTRUSTED
TO A FEW

IhelinbuBii^ted

 THERE are some things that can not be
 generally told—things you ought to
 know. Great truths are dangerous to
 some—but factors for personal power
 and accomplishment in the hands of
 those who understand them.Behind the tales
 of the miraclesand mysteries of the ancients*
 lie centuries of their secret probing into
 nature’s laws—their amazing discoveries
 of the hidden processes of man’s mind,
 and the mastery of life’s problems.
 Once shrouded in mystery to avoid their
 destruction by mass fear and ignorance,
 these facts remain a useful heritage for
 the thousands of men and women who
 privately use them in their homes today.

THIS FREE BOOR

     The Rosicruciang (not a religious organization),
  an age-old brotherhood of learning, have pre-
  served this secret wisdom in their archives for
  centuries. They now invite you to share the
  practical helpfulness of their teachings.
  Write today for a free copy of the book, “The
  Secret Heritage.” Within its pages may lie a new
  life of opportunity for you. Address Scribe M.W M.

Rosicrucians

(AMORC), SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, U. S. A.

 HI-STANDARD AUTOMATIC

  .22 caliber Model “B” for
  long rifle cartridges. Mode)

  “C" for .22 short cartridges.

  41/3" or 6%" barrel.

 Choice ..............$18.93

  Winchester No. 94 Carbine 20" bbl. 30/30

 and 32 Special calibers............$33.9

  I. J. Supershot Sealed “8" .22 cal. 6".$16.1L
  I. J. Target Sealed “8” .22 cal. 6". . . .$9.90
  Send stamp for each list.—Ammunition surplus,
  etc.—Used Rifle*—Used Shotguns ($2 Deposit
  on C. O. D’s)

 HUDSON SPORTING GOODS

W-S2 WARREN ST.

(FREE-New Catalog)

 CO.

____J you like to know how other men

have gotten good-pay jobs in Electricity?
How many, with nothing better than
grade schooling and no previous experi-
ence, jumped right into better pay in one
of the most fascinating and fastest grow-
ing fields in Industry? More than ever
before Electricity is calling for Trained
Men. DON’T WAIT! Find out today where,
when and how you may duplicate the
thrilling success of these other I-T-I
men. Write RAY D. SMITH, Pres.:
Dept. M3,

      INDUSTRIAL TRAINING INSTITUTE
 2154 Lawrence Ave.	CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

AMAZING BOOK

 65
66

ARGOSY

 CAN YOU FIX IT?

 These books tell step
 by step HOW to take
 out "play" in differen-
 tial—to kill the shim-
 my in steering—to set
 TIMING—how to
 put your finger on en-
 gine trouble and the
 expert way to FIX it.

 6 BIG VOLUMES

 2500 pages, 2000 illus-
 trations, including
 Marine Engines, Avi-
 ation Motors, Die-
 sel engines, etc. De
 Luxe edition, gold-
 stamped flexible

 binding.

  on approval. Just mail the coupon
  and we’ll send a set of these re-
  markable auto books. Whether you
  are a mechanic or helper, expert or
  apprentice, auto owner or driver,
  take advantage of this FREE EX-
  AMINATION OFFER.

 GET A BETTER JOB

  A better job—in the gigantic auto
  industry. BIGGER PAY—a
  chance to go into business for your-
  self are waiting for any man who
  tries to improve himself. Learn
  auto engineering a new way—a
  quick reference method. Simply
  use the JIFFY INDEX to look up
  the answer to auto problems. Built
  by eleven great automobile engi-
  neers, and written so you can
  understand it.

 [A year’s consulting *1
     privileges with our I
     engineers now given I
     with these books. J

 We will also include a New
 EXTRA volume with over 300
 pages of late cars with wiring
 diagrams and data sheets on
 each.

  AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIETY (Publishers-Home Study
  Courses). Drexel Ave. & 58th St., Dept.X25l0Chicago, III.

  Send me the 6-volume edition of AUTO BOOKS. I will pay the de-
  livery charges only, but if I choose, 1 may return them express col-
  lect. If after 10 days I prefer to keep them, 1 will send you $2 th —
  and only $3 a month after that until $24.80 is paid. Please include co
  suiting service and extra Volume No. 7, as per your offer above.

Flush Poisons From
Kidneys and Stop
Getting Up Nights

Be Healthier, Happier—

Live Longer

   When you can get for 35 cents a safe,
 efficient and harmless stimulant and di-
 uretic that should flush from your kid-
 neys the waste matter, poisons and acid
 that are now doing you harm, why con-
 tinue to break your restful sleep by get-
 ting up through the night?

   Don’t be an EASY MARK and accept
 a substitute—Ask for Gold Medal Haar-
 lem Oil Capsules. GET GOLD MEDAL
 —the original—the genuine. Look for
 the Gold Medal on the box—35 cents.

   Other symptoms of weak kidneys and
 irritated bladder may be backache,
 puffy eyes, shifting pains, burning or
 scanty passage. Don’t accept a sub-
 stitute.

 SAVE up to 50%

M/DW£Sr

RAD/O

FACTORY-

TO-YOU

  PUT THIS CHASSIS IN
  .YOUR PRESENT CABINET

        FOREIGN RECEPTION DIRECT
  Liberal trade-in allowance
  | on many new models shown
  I in FREE catalog—from 6 to
  k 18 tubes—up to 5 bands—
  I including automatic record-
  I changing radio phonos . . .
  I Home Recorder, etc)
  (User-Agents Wanted)_

UP TO

 425'!’

  trade-in

  AUOWAIKE

 BAsynntK

MIDWEST RADIO CORPORATION

    1.	Smooth Kyle

    2.	Zorro

    3.	Richard Cleve and Guy D’Entre-
 ville

    4.	Henry Harrison Conroy

    5.	The Blige and Binnacle Club

    6.	No-Shirt McGee
 , 7. Dr. Kildare

   8.	Two-horse Swen and Handsled
 Burke

    9.	Dikar and the Bunch

    10. Robin the Bombardier

    Congrats on the new size of Argosy.

 I think it’s swell. Well, keep up the
 good work.

 Philadelphia, Penna.

 /~iUR next correspondent brings up
 ” a matter of interest to all readers
 of Westerns. He has a pointed ques^
 tion to ask, and -fortunately we’re able
 to answer it. Read on; you’ll see.

JOSH R. BERWICK

    I read somewhere or other that almost
 none of the Western story writers have
 ever been in the West and that they
 wouldn’t know what a horse looks like.
 This article said that they read a couple
 of books about the West and then start
 to write stories. It said that most of
 the information in their stories is
 wrong.

    Now I don’t care much whether the
 information is right or wrong. I enjoy
 Westerns for the sake of the story, and
 if a man can write a good story about
 the West without ever having been
 there, why all the more credit to him.

    But still somehow I don’t believe it.
 I think the best Western writers must
 know something about their subject, and
 I’ve gotten into arguments about it with
 some friends of mine. They tell me I’m
 gullible. Well, I wish you would help
 me out. No matter what you say, I’ll
 keep right on reading Westerns; but
 I’m curious about the writers.

 Albany, New York

 YT7"E> TOO, have been told that all
 ’’ Western writers were born and
 raised in Brooklyn and never got any
 further West. Well, we can assure
 Mr. Berwick that it is not true. The
 sight of Bennett Foster walking into
 this office under a large sombrero
 would convince anybody.

    Mr. Foster has ridden the range; he
 knows whereof he speaks. Another
 ex-cowhand is Walt Coburn; and he
 told us once that he has to get the
 details and idiom in his stories exactly
 right, or else his friends out West
 hooraw him something fearful.

  Sind lit my toe tnk how ta divelcp

STRONG ARMS

 and BROAD SHOULDERS

  for 25o coin or 30o U. 8. Stamps.

  Contains 20 pages of Illustrations
  showing and fully describing exer-
  cises that will quickly develop and
  make you gain strength in your
  Shoulders, Arms. Wrists,

 Hands and Fingers. 4
 This is really a valuable |
 course of exercises, with-
 out apparatus.	_

ANTHONY BARKER

 (doing business at this address for
 over 20 years.)

  1235—6th Ave., Office 30. N.Y.CIty

 h in your

RUPTURED?

 Get Relief This Proven Way

  Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your
  flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
  fail to hold rupture? You need the Cluthe. No leg-straps
  or cutting belts. Automatic adjustable pad holds at real
  opening—follows every body movement with instant in-
  creased support in case of strain. Cannot slip whether at
  work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn in bath.
  Send for amazing FREE book. “Advice To Ruptured”
  and details of liberal truthful 60-d.ay trial offer. Also
  endorsements from grateful users in your neighborhood.
  Write:

  CLUTHE SONS, Dept. 28, Bloomfield, New Jersey.

 STANDARD OFFICE MODELS
 1/3 MFRS. ORIG. PRICE

 ar&^T60# a Week

  All late models completely rebuilt like
  brand new. FULLY GUARANTEED.

 No Money Down—10 Day Trial

  Free price-smashing catalog shows
  all makes in colors. FREE COURSfc
  IN TYPING INCLUDED. See catalog
  before you buy. SEND NOW.

 INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCH

Dept 336 231 W. Monroe St., Chicago, III.

 At dealers or postpaid in U. S. for $1. ........

 free. PREMAX PRODUCTS, Div. Chisholm-Ryder,
 4199 Highland, Niagara Falls, N. Y.

DEAF?

ARE YOU

 Gem has perfected a I
 sensational new hear-
 ing aid—to sell at an
 amazingly low price.1

 GEM VACUUM TUBE HEARING AID

 Easily worn, small, economical, dependable. Hear
 clearly the voices of your friends and relatives
 ... at theatre, business groups, or church.
 Fully guaranteed. Solve your hearing problem.
 Write for booklet ‘M-3’ and special trial offer.
 GEM EAR PHONE CO. 47 West 34 St., New York

ARMY-NAVY BARGAINS

 Haversacks ......$0.75 Cart. Belt........$0.60

  Small Cart. Box.. .25 U.S. Hunt’g Knife 1.25

 Hobbles ..........50 Rope Lariat.......75

        Springfield Rifle 45/70 C/F $4.25
  75th Anniversary Catalog 1865—1940, 308 pages,
  over 2,000 illustrations of pistols, rifles, daggers,
  medals, saddles, etc., mailed for 50 cents. Cir-
  cular for 3c stamp.

  FRANCIS BANNERMAN SONS, 501 Broadway,New York

 ASTHMA

 Kidder’s Asthmatic Pastilles give quick re-
 lief from the pains or discomforts due to
 Asthma or Asthmatic attacks, because their
 pleasant, soothing fumes are inhaled directly
 to where the spasms are occurring. In use
 over 100 years. Prescribed by physicians. 50c
 or $1 at drug stores, or mailed postpaid. Don’t
 suffer. Buy TODAY. Kidder & Co. (Est.
 1804), Boardwalk Arcade, Atlantic City, N. J.

         —of Bargains in Military,
         Outdoor sod Sport Goods,
         Clothes, Shoes, Boots, Blanket*,
         Tent*. Firearms, Boy Scout Sup*
         plies, etc. Send 10* for copy to
         be redeemed on first order.

 ‘Aandn SUPPLY C

         4782 Lester St.

    Richmond, Virginia
CUSTOM TAILORED - Sold
Regularly at $1.95 per Shirt

wow

t afford	^

 •d Shirts

 rk stores

tre-	_

 lie same
 g for as

handset	^

 •fC Here’s a sensational shirt buy you can’t afford
 to miss! These fine custom-tailored Oxford Shirts
 —originally made to sell in better New York stores
 for $1.95 each—are now offered to you at a tre-
 mendous saving. They are made with the same
 outstanding features found in shirts selling for as
 much as $4 and $5 each—crush resistant, handset
 collars that keep fresh • . . sturdy ocean-pearl but*
 tons, anchor-stitched to stay on . . . fine textured
 oxford cloth, completely pre-shrunk throughout
 • . . double needle stitched for longer wear . • .
 cut full all over for comfort and fit!

    This outstanding shirt value is offered to you because the
 manufacturer can sell for considerably less when you buy
 directly from him, 4 at a time. Choice of popular oxford
 blue or white. Collar-attached style only—either button-
 down model or regular. Once you wear them you’ll want
 more! Send in your order today!

4

■pi

15

AN OUTSTANDING VALUE!

^ Oxford cloth, woven of fine-
combed yarn-dyed cotton!
Pre-shrunk—maximum shrinkage
less than one per cent!

•fa Crush-resistant, wrinkle-free collar
—handset for smooth fitting!

■fa Sturdy ocean-pearl buttons—an-
chor stitched to stay on tight!

•fa Double needle stitching through-
out for longer wear!

Full cut, plenty of material for
ease, comfort and fit!

DARRO

CUSTOM MADE

SHIRTS

  Darro Custom Shirt Co., 39 West 27 St., New York, N. Y.
  Please ship the following at once:

  □ boxes of four shirts at $5.00

 □	WHITE	; □ BUTTON DOWN

 □	BLUE	COLLAR STYLEj Q REGULAR

 My sleeve length is................... My collar size is..............

 □	I am enclosing............... □ MONEY ORDER □ CHECK

   □	or I will pay postman plus postage.

NAME .....................................................•

  ADDRESS

 39 WEST 27 STREET NEW YORK, N. Y.
Uld Line Legal Keserve]

 LIFE INSURANCE

&

W

        This Special
MODIFIED "4
POSTAL POLICY

is offered especially to meet today’s conditions.

It is a Whole Life contract with premiums so modi-
fied that you pay only HALF the permanent rate
for the first four years. It is a full Legal Reserve
Lile Insurance Policy with all Standard provisions;
cash and loan values and. Automatic Premium
Payment clause if desired, y

Postal Policies are Participating—

that is they share in the Company’s earnings, and dividends
are paid as earned and declared. For illustration: a DIVI-
ND of 9}■> % of the Annual Premium has been declared

Oil policies issued during 1940 at rates shown, payable on
anniversary of the policies in 1941.

Postal Has No Agents—Pays No Commissions or Branch
Ofhce expenses. Deal direct with Postal Life of New York for
low cost Lite Insurance.

Someone’s depending on youl

HERE ARE LOW MONTHLY
RATES AT YOUR ACE

(nearest birthday) per $1000. (*Rates

    ning fifth  year)     
Age        Age        Age 
21  $ .89  33   $1.23  45 
22   .91   34   1.27   46 
23   .94  35    1.31   47 
24   .96  36    1.35   48 
25   .98  37    1.40   49 
26  1.01  38    1.45   50 
27  1.04   39   1.50   51 
28  1.06  40    1.56   52 
29  1.09  41    1.61   53 
30  1.13  42    1.68   54 
31  1.16  43    1.74   55 
32  1.19  44    1.81      
  $1.89

  1.97

  2.05

  2.14

  2.24

  2.35

  2.46

  2.58

  2.71

  2.85

  3.00

                                                                     Owing to low rates at which this policy is offered $1500
                                                                     is the minimum amount of insurance accepted Most
                                                                     families need more.

MAIL COUPON NOW!                                          
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■                              PSjJtTk    
■Postal Life Insurance Company                 fed        
1511 Fifth Ave., Dept. M-50                    a HAS NO W 
g New York, N. Y.                              • AGENT$|j 
a Mail me without obligation complete informa-            
tion about your low cost Modified “4" Whole               
Life Policy at my age and Postal’s method of              
■ doing business direct.                                  
Date of Birth..............                    ■          
Occupation................... m                           
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
 Organized in 1905 as a Legal Reserve
 Life Insurance Company under the
 laws of New York State.

POSTAL LIFE

     OF NEW YORK
     (511 5th Av.t New York)
     has paid out more than

$52,000,000.00

  to policy holders and beneficiaries dur-
  ing 36 successful years.

  If this policy does not fit your needs.
  Postal issues other standard forms,
  men or women, 10 to 60.