Leonard H. Nason
L Patrick Greene
David Thibauft
F rank C. Robertson
Hugh Pendexter
J i)hn Murray Reynolds
Warren Elliot Carieton
J ;hn Beames
Rolf Bennett
F St. Mars
B11 Adams
You can still make “money talk.”
Turn a dollar into a Topkis Union
Suit at your dealer’s. You’ll say any
dollar that buys such underwear
value is a loud speaker.

  Here’s fabric otherwise found in
only high-price makes. Here’s com-
fort-fit that comes from liberal cut.
Here’s careful tailoring. In every
detail there’s workmanship far be-
yond the commonplace!

  You’ll marvel that such under-
wear can be yours for a dollar. Look
for the Topkis label.

Write for free illustrated booklet

T OPKIS BROTHERSCOMPANY,Wilmington,Del.
General Sales Offices:

95 Worth St., at Broadway, New York

Men’sUnion Suits,$1.00;
Shirts and Drawers, 75c
each; Boys’ Union, 75c;
Girls’ Bloomer Union,
75c; Children’s Waist
Union Suits, 75c. Men’s
Suits, $1.50 in Canada.

It pays to buy Topkis
by the box. Six union
suits for $6. The more
suits in service, the
ADVENTURE

i

IGNITION

 PEPPY

VIGOROUS

BRIGHT

  J\eM Oliu
  BATTERY
  SERVICE

Quick, lively action—at battery prices
that save you money

                                              FOR RADIO — Prest-O-Lite
                                              Radio Batteries are standardized.
                                              The Prest-O-Lite Radio Chart,
                                              featured by dealers everywhere,
                                              will show you the battery that
                                              fits your set exactly.

Eager, active, alert—a Prest-O-Lite powered
electric system warms the heart of every mo-
torist! No finer battery performance is possible.
Quick starting—sure firing—bright lighting!
Dependable for a long, repair-free life!

  At prices as remarkable as the service itself!
Think of it—standard Prest'O-Lite Batteries
for only $15.50 and up! Surely, these are the
most attractive values offered to motorists!

  Here is a reasonably priced battery that you
can buy with confidence—a battery that is

initial equipment on an ever-growing list of
America's most famous cars—serviced by one of
the oldest organizations known to motorists—and
endorsed by the world's largest electro-chemical
battery research laboratories!

Take advantage of Prest-O-Lite “Friendly
Service” now. Just drive into the nearest Prest-

O	Lice Station for courteous, economical service.
Ask to see the new Super-Service Battery.

THE PREST-O-LITE CO., Inc., INDIANAPOLIS, IND.

New York	San Francisco

In Canada: Prest-O'Lite Company of Canada, Ltd., Toronto, Ont.

Jhe&tOS&e

ADVENTURE	Published three times a month by The Ridzway Company at Spring and Macdouzal Sts., New York,	Volume 53

            .	N. Y. Yearly subscription $6.00 in advance: sinzle copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class	,

June -0th, 1925	matter Oct. 1, 1910, at the post-office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879.	Number 2
2

ADVENTURE

A corn isn’t just a pain—it’s a
drain. A tax on the whole nervous
system. A blight, not alone on the
toe, but on the spirits and the dis-
position. . . . Doctors know that a
corn can darken a man's whole view'
point on life. Headache, fatigue, ir'
ritability and indigestion are often
reflexes of a throbbing corn . . .
“Pain'messages” shoot to every
nerve center, when a corn starts

broadcasting... If you would know
blissful relief, apply Blue=jay to
that burning corn. In ten seconds,
the world will seem a better place to
live in. ... A tiny cushion—cool
as velvet-—fits over the corn and
stops the pain at once. You wear it
two days in solid comfort. When
you take it oif, the corn comes with
it—gently removed by the little
brown disc of magic medication.

 Blue=j ay

THE QUICK AND GENTLE WAY TO END A CORN

6) 1925

Life will
taste
sweeter

When that
Corn is gone

Sonc Writers/i

«50^l

A / '

 will be paid on songs found suitable for publication,
 Submit your manuscripts for immediate examination.

      EQUITABLE MUSIC CORPORATION
 1658 T Broadway	New York City

 WRITE FOR. Free BookON S°n& Writing

BIG MONEY

Owner Buvs Gold In

Every

Owner Buys Gold Initials for
his auto. You charge $1.50. make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy.
Write for particulars and free samples.

AMERICAN MONOGRAM CO., Dept. 85, East Orange, N. J.

Write for
our free book

630 Wool worth Bldg., New York City

Flint Lock Pistols

for use or deco-
ration. Brass
trimmed, in
working: order, with
flint, $6.85 each. Large stock antique pistols,
guns, swords, spears, armor, navy lamps, etc.
New Catalog:, 1925, 60th Anniversary Issue. 372 pages,
fully illustrated, contains pictures and historical information of all
American muskets and pistols, including: Colts, since 1775, with
all World War jjuns. Mailed 50 cents. Established 1865.

FRANCIS BANNERMAN SONS SOI Broadway, New York Cit)

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting vour dealer.
 Published Three Times a Month by The Ridgway Company

 J H. GANNON, President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasurer

 Spring: and Macdougal Streets - - New York, N.Y.

 6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

  Entered as Second-Class Matter. October 1, 1910, at the	ar'thitu qiti f ivamt hoffmam FHl*rir

 Post-Office at New York, N. Y„ under the Act of March 3, 1879	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Editor

  Yearly Subscription, $6.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

 Foreign postage, $3.09 additional. Canadian postage, 90 cents.

   Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. Entered at

 Stationers’ Hall, London, England.

    The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magazine, but he will use all due care yvhile,

 they are in his hands.

Contents for June                            20th,     1925,              Issue 
A Sergeant of Cavalry A Complete Novelette .     i 
World War---Nell wanted to get to the front.       
Medicinal Methods.....                                 John Murray Reynold* 52  
Cuba---Lady Nicotine, M. D.                                                     
0 Pioneers! Verse                                      R. E. Alexander       58 
Flood........                                          David ThibanU         59 
Arkansas---Scar-Face takes an opportunity.                                      
Vanishing Castles Feudal Days                          F. R, Buckley         71 
The Teeth of McClure........                           Rolf Bennett          72 
South Sea---the trader and his goat ruled the island.                           
The King’s Meal......                                                        77 
Mountains---a hunt in the wild.                                                 
Lisbeth A Complete Novelette ....                      Frank C. Robertson    79 
       West—she was old, tough and clever.

   Occasionally one of our stories will be called an “Off-the-Trail" story, a warning that it is in some way different from the
   usual magazine stories, perhaps a little different, perhaps a good deal. It may violate a canon of literature or a custom of maga-
   zines, or merely be different from the type usually found in this magazine. The difference may lie in unusual theme, material,
   ending, or manner of telling. No question of relative merit is involved.

 (Continued on next page)

3
(Continued from preceding page)

Slants on Life Bittersweet.......Bill Adams	S6

Pards A Five-Part Story Part III .....	Hugh Pendexter	97

      Colorado, 1862—the East and medicine-men don’t mix.

Skippers of Georges........Warren Elliot Carleton	126

      Fishing banks—the harpoon can be used for more than swordfish.

King the Husky.........John Beames	140

Alaska—the other sledge-dogs were afraid of him.

Questing Verse.........Harold Willard Gleason

 147

“—and of Gideon!” A Complete Novelette L. Patrick Greene	148

      Africa—way for His Majesty the elephant!

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writers and adventurers .... 178

Camp-Fire Stations..............183

Lost Trails................184

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.........184

Ask Adventure...............iss

       A free question and answer service bureau of information on outdoor life and activities every-
       where. Comprising seventy geographical sub-divisions, with special sections on Radio,
       Mining and Prospecting, Weapons, Fishing, Forestry, Aviation, Army Matters, North American
       Anthropology, Health on the Trail, Railroading, Herpetology and Entomology.

Old Songs That Men Have Sung....................191

The Trail Ahead..................

Headings..............V. E. Pyles

Cover Design...............John Drew

Statement of the ownership, management, circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1912, of Adven-
ture, published three times per month at New York, N. Y., for April 1, 1925. State of New York, County of New York,
ss. Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State and county aforesaid, personally appeared J. F. Birmingham, who’,
having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of Adventure and that the fol-
lowing is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc., of the aforesaid

fublication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 411,
'ostal Laws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form, to wit: 1. That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, editor, managing editor, and business managers are: Publisher, The Ridgway Company, a corporation, Spring and
Macdougal Streets, New York City. Editor, Arthur Sullivant Hoffman, 223 Spring Street, New York City. Man-
aging Editor, none. Business Manager, James F. Birmingham, 223 Spring Street, New York City. 2. That the owner is:
The Ridgway Company, a corporation, Spring and Macdougal Streets, New York City, whose stockholders are: The
Federal Publishing Company, a corporation, 15 Exchange Place, Jersey City, N. J., whose stockholder is: The But-
terick Company, a corporation, Spring and Macdougal Streets, New York City, whose stockholders are: Block Maloney
Co., 74 Broadway, New York City; Chisholm & Chapman, 51 Broadway. New York City; S. R. Latshaw, 223 Spring
Street, New York City; Noyes & Jackson, 42 Broadway, New York City; Laura J. O’Loughlin, 514 West 114th Street,
New York City; Mrs. Arethusa Pond, 600 West 115th Street, New York City; Charles D. Rafferty as sole surviving
successor trustee of the estate of Wm. H. Gelshenen deceased, 81 Fulton Street, New York City; Whitehouse & Co.,
hi Broadway, New York City; G. W. Wilder, 41 Fifth Avenue, New York City; C. D. Wilder, 223 Spring Street, New
York City; B. F. Wilder, 601 West 113th Street, New York City; W. J. Wollman & Co., 120 Broadway, New York’City.
3. That the knoivn bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holderonvning or holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of
bonds, mortgages, or other securities, are: None. 4. That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of the owners,
stockholders, and security holders, if any, contain not only the list of stockholders and security holders as they appear upon
the books of the company but also, in cases where the stockholder or security holder appears upon the books of the company
as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or corporationior whom such trustee is acting, is given;
also that the said two paragraphs contain statements embracing affiant’s full knowledge and belief as to the circumstances
and conditions under which stockholders and security holders who do not appear upon the books of the company as trustees,
hold stock and securities in a capacity other than that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe that
any other person, association, or corporation has any interest direct or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities
than as so stated by him. J. F. Birmingham, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 28th day of
March, 1925. Blevins C. Dunklin, Notary Public. (New York County No. 341; Certificate filed in Bronx County
No. 80. New York Reg. No. 5357; Bronx Reg. No. 198.) {My commission expires March 30, 1925.) (Seal.) Form
3526—Ed. 1924.
ADVENTURE

S

—but only if you see the name KUM-A-PART on it. Many separable cuff
buttons look like KUM-A-PARTS but in no other can you be sure of
lifetime wear.

And their simplicity! Click open snap shut—that’s all—efficiency without
fuss. The modern man unsnaps his cuff—he doesn’t force his hand thru.

And how rarely is utility combined with such good looks. KUM-A-
PARTS are beauty-spots in your cuffs. Their smart designs are the
quiet signs which distinguish the exceptional from the merely good.

And KUM-A-PARTS cost no more than ordinary cuff buttons—$1.50
to $25 for the finer grades at Jewelers - 50c and $1.00 for popular
priced ones at Men’s Shops.

Write for Correct Dress Chart ”H” THE BAER & WILDE COMPANY, ATTLEBORO, MASS.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
6

ADVENTURE

YOU 100 CAM PLAY THE#

HAWAIIAN GUITAR

 JUST AS THE HAWAIIANS DO,

 PLAY ALL THE LATEST HITS

4 out of ^

 Dental statistics show
 that four out of every
 five over 40—and thou-
 sands younger, too—are
 victims of dreaded Pyor-
 rhea. Will you escape?

Pyorrhea starts in the
gums—not the teeth

   That’s one outstanding fact
   everybody should know. And
   if everybody did know it, the
   number of Pyorrhea's victims
   would be greatly reduced.

   Once Pyorrhea secures a firm
   hold, pus pockets form, gums
   become weak and flabby, the
   teeth loosen and fall out no
   matter how white and sound
   they may be.

   Forhan’s For the Gums con-
   tains just the right proportion
   of Forhan’s Astringent, as
   used by the dental profession
   in the treatment of Pyorrhea.

   It protects and preserves the
   gums, and keeps them in a firm,
   pink, healthy condition. If you
   don’t care to discontinue the
   tooth paste you are now us-
   ing, at least brush your teeth
   and gums once a day with
   Forhan’s. All druggists; 35c
   and 60c in tubes.

    'Formula of R. J. Forhan, D. D. S.
    Forhan Company, New York

JMiatfs

 FORTHE GUMS

   More than a tooth paste
   —it checks Pyorrhea

 ONLY 4
 MOTIONS

  used in playing
  the fascinating
  Hawaiian Gui- _
  tar. Our native
  Hawaiian instruc-
  tors teach you to master them
  quickly. Pictures show how.
  Everything explained clearly.
  PLAY IN HALF HOUR
  After you get the 4 easy mo-
  tions, you can play harmonious
  chords with very little practice.
  40,000 students have learned to
  play in this easy, pleasant way.
  EASY LESSON5

  The 52 printed lessons with a great
  many pictures make it easy to learn
  quickly. You don’t have to know
  how to read notes. No previous mus-
  ical knowledge necessary. You
  learn to play any kind of music, and
  pay as you play.

FREE GUITAR

  As a special ofter to new students
  we give this full size, high grade in-
  strument free of charge. It is sent
  at once without red tape or delay.

WRITE AT ONCE

  Send your name at once and let us
  tell you all about the 52 easy lessons
  and the free guitar. You have every-
  thing to gain. Don’t put it off. A
  post card will do. Ask for new spe-
  cial offer and easy terms.

First Hawaiian Conservatory
off Music, Inc.

233 Broadway (Woolworth Bldg.,
Dept. 84, New York. N. Y.

IOFTIS

wmm b ros.&co. s

DIAMONDS WATCHES

CASHorCREDIT

   SEND FOR FREE CATALOG

  Over 2,000 illustrations of Diamond - set Jew-
  elry, watches, Pearls, Mesh Bags, Silverware,
  etc. Sent prepaid for your Free Examination.
  TCDMC- Goods delivered on first payment
  Sji tniflO- of one-tenth of purchase price;

      balance in equal
      amounts.

  able weekly,
  semi-monthly,^
  or monthly, at ,
  yonr convenience

 WEDDING RING!

  All Platinum. $25 up. With Diamonds: Three
  Diamonds, $65; five Diamonds, S80; seven Dia-
  monds, $95: nine Diamonds, $110. Solid White
  or Green Gold Wedding Rings, $5.00 up.

               Money Back Iff Not Satisfied

L0FTIS BROS. & CO.

          National Jewelers

                    DEPT. A-224

               108 N. State St., Chicago, III.

               Stores in Leading Cities

DELCREO

DOG REMEDIES

Each a specific in the treatment of

MANGE, ECZEMA and Other Skin Diseases

Kill fleas and other vermin.

FREE KENNEL MANUAL

Dept. 40, DELSON CHEMICAL CO.

42 Penn Street - - Brooklyn, N. Y.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
WO**®;*'-

ADVENTURE

7

The Quaker Oafs Company

CHICAGO, U.S.A.

Ji Generous Package

  is onh] one of the advantages of

 n CT/jt;New ,

Petty olm s

        WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL

1* Cooks in 3 to 5 minutes.

2« The pick of America’s Wheat—contains 25%
    Natural Bran, with essential Vitamines and
    Mineral Salts.

3« A new and delicious Flavor brought out by
    pre-cooking.

THE big package of New Petti-
john’s is one of the best out and
out values on your grocer’s shelves.

  But the thoughtful wife and mother
doesn’t buy it just for that reason alone.
She thinks of what is in the package.

  Whole wheat — with* 25 per cent
Natural Wheat Bran. So delicious that
the family never seems to tire of it—
and everybody gets the bran that is so
good for them, and likes it.

  Mineral Salts and Vitamines — so
necessary to health and growth.

  Convenience—the New Pettijohn’s

cooks through and through in 3 to 5
minutes.

  The New Pettijohn’s is selected whole
wheat, pre-cooked, processed to develop
the flavor, rolled and delicately toasted.

  A hot, fresh cereal that makes a gen-
erous, grateful breakfast—oftentimes a
welcome change for luncheon—and a
nourishing supper for growing children.

  Eat the New Pettijohn’s with good
top-milk or cream. The flavor is some-
thing to be grateful for.

TRY IT —TASTE IT —TELL YOUR FRIENDS
At your Grocer*s —a Geneious Package

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

Freckles

vanish,
skin is made
milk white

Summertime

For 35 years the world has turned to Stillman’s Freckle Cream
each summer. One jar will delight you by the way it whitens
and freshens your complexion. It has a double action. Freckles
are gently dissolved away, and the skin whitened at the same
time. Guaranteed to remove freckles or money refunded. At
druggists and department stores, 50c and $1.00.

Write for "Beauty Parlor Secrets”

Free booklet tells what your particular type needs to look
best. Introduces other Stillman toilet articles to you. If you
buy $3 worth (other than Freckle Cream) we give you $1.50
bottle of perfume free. The Stillman Co., 79 Rosemary Lane.
Aurora. 111.

             Reekie

        uimans

       Cream Ms

               REMOVES FRECKLES
               WHITENS THE SKIN

Stop Using a Truss

STUART’S PLAPAO-PADS are

different from the truss, being me-
chanico-chemico applicators made
self-adhesive purposely to hold the
distended muscles securely in place,
no straps, buckles or spring attached
—cannot slip, so cannot chafe or
press against the pubic bone. Thou-
sands havesuccessfullytreated them-
selves at home without hindrance
Reduced from work —most obstinate cases
Go/dMedal conquered. Soft as velvet-easy
to apply — inexpensive. Awarded
Gold Medal and Grand Prix. Process of recovery is
natural, so afterwards no further use for trusses. We
prove it by sending Trial of Plapao absolutely pp »,■ l*
Write name on Coupon and send TODAY, r rvr.r.
Plapao Co.. 633 Stuart Bldg.. St. Louis. Mo.

Name...................................................

Address...................................................

Return mail will bring Free Trial Piapao

STUDY AT HOME

  Become a lawyer. Legally trained
  men win the highest positions and
  biggest success in business and public
  life. Be independent. Greater oppor-
  ' tunities now than ever before. Big
  corporations are headed by men with
  legal training. Earn
  $5,000 to $10,000 Annually
  i — We guide you step by step. You can train at
  home during: spare time. Degree of LL. B. conferred,
  dents practicing law in every state, We furnish all
  Library, Low cost.
  Law Guide” and

  £ LaSalle students practicing law in every at
  text material, including fourteen-volume Law
  «»easy terms. Get our valuable 108-pag
  »“Evidence” books free .Send for them NOW.

»LaSalle Extension University, Dept< 676-L Chicago
The World's Largest Business Training Institution

^lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllimiKliiii^

1	Prospecting for	!
|	Cash?

| Are you being lured away	g

|	by vision of the gold-ribbed	|

|	Klondyke, shining placer fields	|

|	of California and diamond	|

|	mines of Africa? Do you feel	1

|	that if you only had the chance	|

|	—but—

|	Stop Where You Are!	j

Dead ‘Man’s Gulch, the Yukon,	|

|	Kimberly and all the rest of them	|

|	never offered any man richer returns	|

|	for his efforts than the opportunity	|

I	offered you right now. All around	|

|	you hundreds of people are ready to	|

|	hand out rich rewards to you. All	1

|	you have to do is to tell them about	|

|	Adventure magazine and act as our	|

|	subscription representative. You can	|

|	stake your claim anywhere—right in	|

|	your own community. The field is	|

1	rich and it is easy picking. You make	|

|	no investment, you need no experi-	|

|	ence, but you can build up a profitable	|

|	business in a very short time as thou-	1

|	sands of others are doing. Write for full	1

|	particulars. You begin making money	|

I	the day you hear from us. Just fill out	1

|	the coupon below. Do it at once!	j

      Manager, Staff Agencies Division

       Box 5011, Spring and Macdougal Sts., New York City

      Please send me full particulars about digging
      gold in my community.

I Name.................................. =

| Street.................................. 1

1 City......................State......... I

 !iiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii{£

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

9

■

Kindlv mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
IO

ADVENTURE

SAVE :with
SAFETY

at your

DRUG STORE

“There is one
near you”

Puretest Aspirin Tablets will bring
you prompt relief when you have a
cold, pain or neuralgia. Absolutely true
aspirin, tablets so skillfully made that
their beneficial action begins in 15
seconds. Never irritate or bum. Sold only
at Rexall Drug Stores.

THE UNITED DRUG COMPANY
BOSTON

liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiMiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiMiiiniiiiiiiis

! Want	|

| *5022	|

I •>	I
  •

I How often you have wished for an	§

| extra fifty or more and how often have	§

| you pondered how to get it and still hold	1

| your regular job. Here’s your chance at	|

| last, and it is just like getting an extra	|

| fifty in your envelope on pay-day. In	1

1 your spare time you can make that much	|

| and more by acting as our representative	|

| in your community. All you do is in-	1

| troduce Adventure magazine to your	i

| friends and acquaintances and secure	|

| their subscriptions. We pay you liberally	|

| in commissions and salary, and before	|

| you know it you can build up a highly	|

| profitable business with just a little	I

| pleasant work on the side.	I

g Write for full particulars today. You	J

| need no experience and you invest no	1

| money. Just mail the coupon—that’s	I

| all. The minute you receive our in-	|

| structions you can go right out and begin	|

I making this vision of an extra fifty a	I

| reality. Act now—before others get	|

I started in your vicinity.	|

|-------CUT OUT AND MAIL------1

|	Manager, Staff Agencies Division	|

=	Box 5012, Spring and Macdougal Sts.

|	New York City	|

S	I want that extra fifty this month and every month. Please	|j

EE	mail me full particulars without obligation.	:

H	Name....................................................................................s

§§	Street............................................................=

H	City..........................State............................=

^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiHiiimiiiniimiimiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

SEND

*2/
DOWN A

                             MO NTH

Seven brilliant, blue white, perfect- ]
ly cut diamonds are set in platinum.

>oks like 2 ct. solitaire worth $600.
Fully guaranteed to stand any test.

TWO BLUE SAPPHIRES |

 are set in the shanks of this 18 kt.
 solid white gold engraved and |
 pierced ring to add beauty and style.

                         TAPE

 Just send $2.00 deposit to show your good faith (or pay postman $2.00
 on delivery) and we will send this handsome diamond ring. (Men’s
 heavier ring, same price.) You can pay balance in ten small monthly

 Installments of 56.75 each—total price, $69.00. Former price, $100.

ALL CREDIT DEALINGS CONFIDENTIAL

 No one knows you are buying on our dignified credit system unless
 you tell them yourself. A written guarantee accompanies each
 ring. You can return the ring within ten days if you are not satis-
 fied. Norigk. No delay. Makes a splendid present.

PERFECT CUT DIAMONDS AT $197 A CARAT

 V* Carat	$25.00

}A '*	$49.25

V& “	$65.65

% “	$73.75

V*	$98.50

% Carat $147.75

1	44 $197.00
IV* " $246.25
11/2 *' $295.50

2	“ $394.00

 Guaranteed genuine
 blue white. Money
 back guarantee cer-
 tificate. Pay 10%

 down, 10% a month.

WRITS FOR OUR NEW JEWELRY CATALOG

It brings our large jewelry store right into your home. Lowest
prices Easiest terms. Best values. SEND FOR IT TODAY!

STERLING DIAMOND & WATCH CO.

 (Diamond Importers—$1,000,000 Stock—Established 1879)

63 PARK ROW Dept. 1937 NEW YORK, N.Y.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

ii

PROTECTION

WITHOUT the presence of the Coast Guard,
coastwise shipping would be in constant
danger. When seas are smooth and winds kind
these men are ready for the first sign of trouble.
Then, when lives and cargoes are endangered
by raging storms the real need for this protection
is most keenly felt.

Without the presence of a Colt Revolver or Auto-
matic Pistol your home is also far from well pro-
tected. A Colt in the house gives a constant sense
of security. But it is when your property is en-
dangered that the readiness and dependability of
your Colt is most appreciated.

The Colt Positive Lock is as reliable as the arm
itself and makes the Colt safe against accidental
discharge.

 Any Colt Dealer (or the new Colt Catalog)
 will explain this Colt Positive Lock Safety

Colt’s Patent Fire Arms Mfg. Co.

                   Hartford, Conn.

 Pacific Coast Representative
 Phil. B. Bekeart Company
 717 Market St., San Francisco, Calif.

OLTS

Clhe Arm of Law and Order

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
12

ADVENTURE

Relief in .J/L

 Op*

 Minute 441

CORNS

 Make this test! See how instantand complete
 is your relief with Dr. Scholl’s Zino-pads.
 They stop the cause—friction and pressure.
 No method so safe, quickly healing and abso-
 lutely antiseptic and scientific as this. At your
 druggist’s or shoe dealer’s.

                            Special Sizes
                            for Bunions,

                           Callouses,

                              Blisters

           and Tender Spots.	__

For Bunions	For Callouses

  Try this treatment. See how instantly it stops pain,soreness
  Irritation and soothes and heals the deeper tissues.

m

mScholt's
Xino-pads

  Put one on—the pain is gone

m. r. ’ ■ b f \ h '5 r. f n

Every time a street
car stops suddenly in
front of you, think of

How often do you adjust your brakes? The
booklet, “Braking Safe,” tells just when you
ought to. Free. Send for it.

MULTIBESTOS COMPANY

Department AF-6	Walpole, Mass., U. S. A.

Vacation Money?

   Warm Summer days are here. Already one feels the call of the
‘N mountains, the seashore, the woods and lakes. You will want
extra money for your happy, joyous vacation trip.

   \ With our pleasant money-making plan you can earn lots
of extra cash. Last year we paid our friends thousands
Box 5013	of dollars for their vacation funds. This year we’ll

MacdougatSts.	AH Y°U	d°’ t0 yOUf Share

New York city \ of this easy money, is to take care of subscriptions to
wiSout obligation,	Adventure and the other three popular Butterick

full particulars of your	magazines,

money-making plan.	\

                                    't'

Name..................... \ We supply everything free. Wepayyoulib-

\ eral commissions and bonuses. Send for

s,reet......................... \ full particulars and complete supplies.

‘ \

City.................State.......... \

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

Can You Guess
This Man’s Age?

    See if You Can Tell Within 25 Years;

   The Author Couldn’t; But He Stuck
   With Hobart Bradstreet Until He Re-
   vealed His Method of Staying Young

I USED to pride myself on guessing people’s ages.
That was before I met Hobart Bradstreet, whose
age I missed by a quarter-century. But before I
tell you how old he really is, let me say this:

  My meeting up with Bradstreet I count the luckiest
day of my life. For while we often hear how our
minds and bodies are about 50% efficient—and at
times feel it to be the truth—he knows why. Further-
more, he knows how to overcome it—in five minutes—
and he showed me how.

  This man offers no such bromides as setting-up
exercises, deep-breathing, or any of those things you
know at the outset you’ll never do. He uses a prin-
ciple that is the foundation of all chiropractic, naprap-
athy, mechano-therapy, and even osteopathy. Only
he does not touch a hand to you; it isn’t necessary.

  The reader will grant Bradstreet’s method of stay-
ing young worth knowing and using, when told that
its originator (whose photograph reproduced here was
taken a month ago) is 6ixty-five years old!

  And here is the secret: he keeps his spine a half-
inch longer than it ordinarily would measure.

  Any man or woman who thinks just one-half inch
elongation of the spinal column doesn’t make a differ-
ence should try it! It is easy enough. I’ll tell you
how. First, though, you may be curious to learn
why a full-length spine puts one in an entirely new
class physically. The spinal column is a series of
tiny bones, between which are pads or cushions of
cartilage. Nothing in the ordinary activities of us
humans stretches the spine. So it “settles” day by
day, until those once soft and resilient pads become
thin as a safety-razor blade—and just about as hard.
One’s spine (the most wonderfully designed shock-
absorber known) is then an unyielding column that
transmits every shock straight to the base of the brain.

  Do you wonder folks have backaches and head-
aches? That one’s nerves pound toward the end of a
hard day? Or that a nervous system may periodically
go to pieces? For every nerve in one’s body connects
with the spine, which is a sort of central switchboard.
When the “insulation,” or cartilage, wears down and
flattens out, the nerves are exposed, or even impinged
—and there is trouble on the line.

  Now, for proof that subiaxation of the spine causes
most of the ills and ailments which spell “age” in
men or women. Flex your spine—“shake it out”—
and they will disappear. You’ll feel the difference in
ten minutes. At least, I did. It’s no trick to secure
complete spinal laxation as Bradstreet does it. But
like everything else, one must know how. No amount
of violent exercise will do it; not even chopping wood.
As for walking, or golfing, your spine settles down
a bit firmer with each step.

  Mr. Bradstreet had evolved from his 25-year experi-
ence with spinal mechanics a simple, boiled-down for-
mula of just five movements. Neither takes more than
one minute, so it means but five minutes a day. But
those movements! I never experienced such com-
pound exhilaration before. I was a good subject for
the test, for I went into it with a dull headache. At the
end of the second movement I thought I could actually
feel my blood circulating. The third movement in
this remarkable Spine-Motion series brought an
amazing feeling of exhilaration. One motion seemed
to open and shut my backbone like a jack-knife.

  J asked about constipation. He gave me another
motion—a peculiar, writhing and twisting movement—
and fifteen minutes later came a complete evacuation!

  Hobart Bradstreet frankly gives the full credit for
his conspicuous success to these simple secrets of
Spine-M otion. He has traveled about for years, con-
ditioning those whose means permitted a specialist at
their beck and call. I met him at the Roy croft Inn. at
East Aurora. Incidentally, the late Elbert Hubbard
and he were great pals; he was often the “Fra’s”

HOBART BRADSTREET. THE MAN WHO DECLINES TO GROW OLD

guest in times past. • But Bradstreet, young as he
looks and feels, thinks he has chased around the
country long enough. He has been prevailed upon to
put his Spine-Motion method in form that makes it
now generally available.

  I know what these remarkable mechanics of the spine,
have done for me. I have checked up at least twenty-five
cases. With all sincerity I say nothing in the whole realm
of medicine or specialism can quicker re-make, rejuvenate
and restore one. I wish you could see Bradstreet himself.
He is arrogantly healthy; he doesn’t seem to have any
nerves. Yet he pulfs incessantly at a black cigar that
would floor some men, drinks two cups of coffee at every
meal, and I don’t believe he averages seven hours’ sleep.
It shows what a sound nerve-mechanism will do. He says
a man’s power can and should be unabated up to the age
of 60, in every sense, and I have had some astonishing
testimony on that score.

  Would you like to try this remarkable method of
“coming back”? Or, if young, and apparently normal in
your action and feelings, do you want to see your energies
just about doubled? It is easy. No “apparatus” is re-
quired. Just Bradstreet’s few, simple instructions, made
doubly clear by his photographic poses of the flve posi-
tions. Results come amazingly quick. In less than a
week you’ll have new health, new appetite, new desire,
and new capacities; you’ll feel years lifted off mind and
body. This miracle-man’s method can be tested without
any advance risk. If you feel enormously benefited,
everything is yours to keep and you have paid for it all the
enormous sum of $3.00! Knowing something of the
fees this man has been accustomed to receiving. I hope
his naming $3.00 to the general public will have full
appreciation.

  The $3.00 which pays for everything is not sent in ad-
vance, nor do you make any deposit or payment on
delivery. Try how it feels to have a full-length spine, and
you’ll henceforth pity men and women whose nerves are
in a vise!

HOBART BRADSTREET, Suite 5565,

      030 S. Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111.

  I will try your Spine-Motion without risk if you will
provide necessary instructions. Send everything post-
paid, without any charge or obligation, and I will try it
flve days. If I find Spine-Motion highly beneficial I can
remit just $3 in full payment; otherwise I will return the
material and will owe you nothing.

Name

Address ..'

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
14

ADVENTURE

SAVE iwith
SAFETY

STORE

  USE Rexall 93 Hair Tonic to
  keep your hair healthy—to make it
  glisten and shimmer. Use it for fall-
  ing hair and dandruff, also when you
  have a shampoo. Sold Qnly at Rexall
  Drug Stores.

The United Drug Company
boston

  “T here is one
  near you”

BE

A RAILWAY

TRAFFIC INSPECTOR

Earn Up to $250

Per Month, Expenses Paid

 Trained men needed in this important profession. Fas-
 cinating: work; plenty of variety; chances to travel. Ad-
 vancement rapid, with experience. Report to high officials.

 We secure a position for you, upon graduation paying at
 least $110.00 a month and expenses or refund your money.
 Prepare in 3 months’ spare-time home study. Cost moder-
 ate; terms if desired. Send coupon for full details.

-------MAIL TODAY----------j

Standard Business Training Inst.,	■

         Buffalo. N. Y.

 Send me, entirely free. Booklet No. D-89 giving full particulars about course ■
 in Railway Traffic Inspection.

Name...

Street ..

Ideal Summer Vacations,

Only 2 Days from New York,

Summer Vacation Tours

8 Days—$90 and up

Including all Expenses

All Outdoor Sports

Sailing, Bathing, Golf, Tennis, Crystal Caves, Sea Gardens, etc.

Bermuda is Cool in Summer

Average Summer Temperature 77 degrees

       No Passports Required
       SAILINGS TWICE WEEKLY

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw, Oil-Burning Transatlantic Liners

      S. S. “Fort Victoria” and
      S. S. “Fort St. George”

4 Delightful Yachting Cruises

Leaving New York July 11-25, Aug. 8-22

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw S. S. “Fort Hamilton"

Stopping One Day (each way) at Halifax and Two Days at
Quebec. Magnificent Scenery, Smooth Water, Cool Weather,
Orchestra for Dancing

For Illustrated Booklets on Bermuda or Canadian Cruise write

FURNESS BERMUDA LINE

34 Whitehall St., N. Y., or any Local Tourist Agent

                                          Write
                                          for
                                          Booklet

'±inix are hand-carved.

-	— pierced, and engraved

with the flower of her birthmonth.
f^l P An everlasting remembrance—a token

1 of affection-a gift of intrinsic value___

           None genuine unless individual Birthfllower
—■ name is stamped in each ring and the Birtnflower
tag is attached. A guarantee bond with each ring.

There is a Blrthflower diamond or wedding ring for
each month for Milady in White Gold or Platinum at leading

GILBERT & CO.,«nc., Makers, 100 W. 21st St., N.V. City

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
           AFTER TEN DAYS TRIAL
           FOR THIS LONG WEARING

Bearing] L.C.SMITH

| NO RED TAPE-NO DELAY

                           Test this wonderful typewriter in your j
                           home or office 10 days. Send No Money. I
                           If you are not satisfied it is the best buy
                           you ever made, your express agent I
                           will refund your $3 deposit at once.
                           LOWEST PRH2ES ever made on the world
                           famous L. C. Smith—full size—all late style I
                           operating conveniences—absolutely highest I
                           ality rebuilt—5 Year Guarantee. Monthly [
                           yments so small you'll never miss them.

                           Siality rebuilt—5 Year Guarantee. Monthly
                           ayments so small you'll never miss them.
                           FREE: Course of Instruction,Tools,Water-
                           proof Cover, all free to you now. Send
                           today for New Special Offer and Booklet of
                           valuable typewriter information.	1

                          Smith Typewriter Sales Corp.
                        236-360 E. Grand Ave.	Chicago

 BECDME A MERCHANT

Chain Store Managers needed. Big salaries; unlimited
future for those who qualify. We start you train-ing at
home. Write at once.

NAT. RETAIL STORES CORP., 945 Penna Ave., N. W., Washington, D. C.

ADVENTURE	15

  “Today I dropped in for a last word with the boya
at the office. And as I saw Tom and Dave there at
the same old desk it came to me suddenly that they
had been there just 60 the day I came with the firm
four years ago.

  “When I started here I was put at a desk and given
certain routine things to do. But after a few months
I began to realize that I was nothing but a human
machine—doing things that any one could do.

  “So I wrote to Scranton and arranged for a spare-
time study course that would give me special training
lor our work. Why, do you know, it gave me a
whole new interest in our business ? In a few montha
1 was given more responsibility and more money.
Since then I’ve had three increases. Six months ago
1 was put in charge of my department, and now my
big chance has come—I’m to be manager of our
Western branch at $5,000 a year! It just shows
what spare-time training will do.”

  If you want to make more money, show your
employer you are trying to be •worth more money..
If you want a bigger job, ehow him you are willing
to prepare for it.

  There’s a simple, easy way to do it. For 33
years the International Correspondence Schools have
been training men and women right in their own
homes whenever they had a little time to spare.
More than 180,000 are studying now. Ten thousand
are starting every month.

  Can you afford to let another priceless hour pass
without finding out what the I. C. S. can.do for you?
Here is all we ask—without cost, without obligating
yourself in any way, mark and mail this coupon.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2012-E, Scranton, Penna.

 Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
 the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:
 BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

 □	Business Management

 □	Industrial Management

 □	Personnel Organization

 □	Traffic Management

 □	Business Law

 □	Banking and Banking Law

  □	Accountancy (including C.P.A.)

  □	Nicholson Cost Accounting

 □	Bookkeeping

  □	Private Secretary

 □	Spanish	□ French

      TECHNICAL AND

  □	Electrical Engineering

  □	Electric Lighting

 □	Mechanical Engineer

 □	Mechanical Draftsman

 □	Machine Shop Practice

  □	Railroad Positions

 □	Gas Engine Operating

  □	Civil Engineer

 □	Surveying and Mapping

 □	Metallurgy

 □	Steam Engineering

 □	Radio

 Name .

 Street

 Address..

 □	Salesmanship

 □	Advertising
 J Better Letters

 □	Show Card Lettering

 □	Stenography and Typing

 □	Business English

 □	Civil Service

 □	Railway Mail Clerk

 □	Common School Subjects

 □	High School Subjects

 □	Illustrating □ Cartooning
 INDUSTRIAL COURSES

 Architect

 Architects’ Blueprints
 Contractor and Builder
 _Architectural Draftsman

 □	Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 Chemistry □ Pharmacy
 Automobile Work
 Airplane Engines
 Navigation

 Agriculture and Poultry
 Mathematics

3-6-24

“Good-bye, Boys!

  The wise

   traveller

  always has

  Beemans-

   deliciously

  flavored—

   its use is

“a sensible
habit”

*20 profit daily

           sells $36.00. 100 Packages. Self threading costs
$2.75, sells $15.00. Small deposit brings any quantity order.
Money Back Guarantee. 3 samples 25c. Catalog Free.

       NEEDLEBOOK SPECIALTY CO.

Dept. 50	661 Broadway,	New York

 City..

                              State..

Occupation............................................................................................

Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
amp towels are dangerous hamper companions

jor chiffon stockings

When delicate silks are put in a hamper with
the towels, sheets and colored cottons of the
weekly wash, they wear out long before they
have given the service you have reason to
expect of them.

  Why? Because, even though not obviously
soiled, they contain perspiration acids from the
skin, which are kept moist by the hamper damp-
ness and destroy the silk fibres.

  So, to preserve fragile garments and prolong the
  length of their service, many women have made it
  a habit to tub them in Ivory suds as soon as pos-
  sible after they are worn, whether they look
  soiled or not.

In this way acid action and the fading and
streaking that come from tossing such garments
into stuffy hampers are all prevented. All delicate
things reward this simple care with far longer life.

  Of course, a soap that is the
slightest bit too strong will
spoil your whole effort by in-
juring the fabrics and colors.

   Ivory (cake or flakes) is safe.

For, as you know, Ivory has

for 46 years protected the complexions of
millions of women.

  The best test we know of for determining
the safety of any soap for delicate silks and
woolens is this: Ask yourself, “Would I use it
on my face?”

How to wash blankets safely

Harsh soap, rubbing and extremes of tempera-
ture cause sensitive wool fibres to mat down,
shrink and become hard and scratchy.

  Keep blankets fluffy by squeezing lukewarm
Ivory Suds through the fabric, rinsing in luke-
warm water and airing well.

  The Ivory suds assures you of beautiful, safe
results and absolute cleanliness.

IVORY

       994y.o»5
 CAK.Z S

A free sample: A postcard addressed to Sec-
tion 42-FF, Dept, of Home
Economics,Procter&Gamble,
Cincinnati, Ohio, will bring
you a sample of Ivory Flakes
and a booklet on the care of
T LA K.t S lovely garments, both free.

PURE

 1925 by The Procter and Gamble Co.

PROCTER & GAMBLE

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
A SERGEANT
gflCAVAlBY

*4 CompieteMmeieite
    jy uommt u.mason

Author of "Eye-Wash,” “The Casual’s Return,” etc.

|N THE midst of what appeared
to be an old pasture was a small
wooden house, one of the port-
able type such as one sees at
summer resorts and on the fringes of great
cities, where bank clerks and what-not are
getting back to the land.

 Before the door of the house was a line
of men, waiting patiently. This house,
however, was not a home, but the head-
quarters of a rest camp where men new-
landed in France were taken to recuperate.
They wore the olive drab of the United
States Army, but though they were mem-
bers of the American Expeditionary Force,
they did not wear the overseas cap. They
wore campaign hats, with hat-cords of

  "A Sergeant oj Cavalry,” copyright, 1925, by Leonard II.
Nason.

Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the

  yellow, thus showing that they belonged
  to a cavalry regiment.

    These men were all unarmed, save one,
  who carried a rifle and had a pistol hung
  to his cartridge belt, which he wore in true
  cavalry fashion, around his hips, as a shim-
  my dancer wears a sash.

    The men spat and shifted from one foot
  to the other, and gazed at the sky. They
  were prisoners, awaiting trial by the sum-
  mary court, and the man with the rifle
  was guarding them. The men were sad
  and their eyes bloodshot. This was a
  Monday morning and the joy of Saturday
  or Sunday night had turned into a headache
  and a rebellious stomach. That which had
  soothed and exhilarated going down had
  not been as pleasant on its return journey.
  Therefore the men stood sullenly, said

United States and Great Britain. All rights reserved. 1
2

Adventure

nothing to each other even in undertones,
and cursed the tardy court.

  The court had a throat and a head, as
well as any one else, but the court had no
husky sergeant of the guard to get him out
of his bunk, hence he was late. Nor was
his lateness due to dallying overlong with
his breakfast. He had no more stomach
for breakfast than had the prisoners.

  Suddenly every head in the line went up.
There was a stir among the men, but it was
not a stir of stiffening to attention, but
rather one of surprize. An imperceptible
murmur rippled along the line.

  “Cut out the talkin’,” growled the guard,
and ejected a yard of tobacco juice to show
how unconcerned he was.

  Two soldiers were approaching the line
of men, both wearing the chevrons of ser-
geants. One wore a pistol and the other
was unarmed. They came on, side by side,
young men of about the same height, lithe
and spare, as good cavalrymen should be.

  Their blouses fitted them like their skins
and the peg of their breeches was like that
of a hemisphere. Those were good breeches,
made by the troop tailor out of old-time
overcoats, and stitched with yellow silk
at the pockets. Their leggings were of the
type that lace up the side, but of solid
leather and so polished and shined that they
glittered and cast little circles of light about
each foot.

  The two sergeants went past the line,
never looking to right or left; and, having
gone a little apart, halted and leaned against
the side of the building, under one of the
windows. The prisoners looked at them
open-mouthed.

  There was Sergeant Colburn of A Troop
evidently a prisoner, and guarded by Ser-
geant Olsen, his buddy. They would have
been less astonished to see their colonel
under guard.

  Sergeant Colburn was as fine a soldier
as there was in the regiment, he was a crack
horseman, and he wore the Mexican Ex-
peditionary ribbon above the silver marks-
manship medals that showed he was both
rifle and pistol expert.

  Yet here he was, waiting his trial, and un-
der guard. This last was the most extraor-
dinary thing, for non-commissioned officers
are not placed in confinement nor under re-
straint except for the very gravest offenses.

  Sergeant Colburn seemed to be the one
who was least disturbed. He manufactured

a cigaret and proceeded to smoke it with
satisfaction. Sergeant Olsen looked at him
intently and then, catching the other’s eye,
carried it to where the butt of Sergeant
Olsen’s pistol protruded from the Texas
style holster, right within easy grasp of Ser-
geant Colburn’s hand. Sergeant Colburn
affected not to see it. The other sergeant
coughed and repeated the performance,
with no effect.

  “Nell,” said the sergeant’s guard, “what’s
the matter with you? You blind or what?
Can you see that gun or not? You ain’t
handcuffed!”

  “Be yourself,” grinned Colburn. “Don’t
every man in this regiment know we’re
buddies? Wanta serve my time for me?
And while I was grabbin’ your gun and mak-
in’ my getaway, what would that John
from B Troop be doin’? He’d rather let
a slug through me than be a lance jack.”
“Nell,” groaned the other sergeant, “what-
ever did you do it for? Why don’t you ask
’em to put your trial over till the old man
comes back? He’ll fix things for you.”
Before the other could answer, the guard
with the rifle barked, “Attention!” and
there was a stiffening of backs while the
summary court, the commanding officer of
the first squadron, walked past and en-
tered the building.

  The prisoners all looked at him intently
as he passed. They noted that his eyes
were slightly bloodshot, that his face was
haggard, and that he spat what seemed to
be a little piece of cotton as he went up
the steps. Every one was expectorating
that morning. The men’s hearts sank.

  Beneath the window the two sergeants
heard the major enter the courtroom, grunt
an answer to the clerk’s good morning,
throw his hat on the desk, kick his chair,
and growl, “Send ’em along.” Thereupon
Nell Colburn spoke, in loud clear tones.

  “I heard a rumor,” said he, “that my
troop was goin’ up to the front and the front
is no place for me. I like it too well right
here in Camp Genicart. So I didn’t see
no other thing to do than to get put in the
mill and for a good long stretch, and when
I get out the war will be over.”

  “Shut up!” husked Sergeant Olsen, “he
can hear you! That window’s got paper in
it in place of glass, don’t yuh know that?”
The prisoner was immediately silent and
answered his companion’s look of horror
with a wide grin.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

ORDINARILY the sergeant
would have been tried first, but
in this case he was not and so
waited until all the other men had
filed in and filed out, and when the last one
had paid his call on Judge Duffy—any
summary court is so called in the Army—
the sergeant’s name was called and he
went in.

  “Sergeant Nelson Colburn, Troop A,
18th United States Cavalry, you are charged
with violation of the 6ist article of war, in
that you did neglect your proper duty while
commander of the guard, on or about July
23, 1918, this at Camp Genicart, France.
Guilty or not guilty?”

  “Guilty, sir.”

  “By-,” snorted the major. “If this

charge sheet was properly made out it
would be a general court martial affair.
You ought to be shot! Suppose that jerry-
had escaped?”

  “He wouldn’t escape, sir,” said Colburn.
“He told me we feed him better than he
ever got in his life.”

  “Well, that’s beside the point. The fact
remains that you allowed a prisoner of war
to be absent from the camp and beyond
our control for an unknown length of time,
and that is a very serious offense. The
French are wild. It makes no difference
if he did come back; he was gone, and we
don’t know where, for a whole afternoon.

  “Your troop-commander is away, so that
I couldn’t consult with him, but it was my
intention to overlook a good deal and give
you a mild sentence on the strength of your
record. I had in mind to confine you to
camp for a month. But I’ve changed my
mind. I heard you utter sentiments just
now that are traitorous, that a yellow cur
wouldn’t own to. You’re a disgrace to the
regiment, a dishonor to the uniform. I
still think you ought to have a general
court, and if it wasn’t for the good name of
the regiment I’d see you got one. You’re

guilty as-! I’ll fix you! Get out!”

  The sergeant took his departure. He
was received by Sergeant Olsen, the latter
at the point of tears.

  “They’ll hang you sure,” said Olsen.
“Whatever made you do it?”

  “Come on over to quarters, Oley,” said
Colburn. “I won’t let you suffer. Come
on over and I’ll spill it. Don’t make any
more motions about my getting away,
because I don’t want to make any getaway,

and some one might hear you. There’s
no use in losing your stripes.”

  They proceeded in silence through the
camp, where cooks, police, troop clerks
and hangers about who were not at drill
regarded them with horror. They passed
two German prisoners, one carrying a pick

and shovel and the other pushing a wheel-
barrow, herded along by a very diminutive
French soldier. One of these prisoners
grinned at Colburn, and the sergeant
dropped his eyelid in reply.

  “Is that the bird?” asked Olsen.

  “That’s him.”

  “Who put him the mouse on his eye?”

  “I don’t know,” said Colburn. “Things
were hectic, I ain’t kiddin’ yuh; and if
that’s all he got out of a bottle barrage,
he’s lucky.”

  The two went into the barrack where the
sergeants were quartered. The place was
deserted, all the occupants being at drill or
off about their business somewhere, and
the prisoner and his guard had the place
all to themselves.

  “Now,” began Olsen, sitting S»wn on a
bunk, “spill it. Let’s hear all about it.
There’s more cook-house rumors afloat
than I ever heard in my life, but let’s get
the low-down. Was you drunk or did the
•sun get to yuh?”

  “To begin at the beginning,” said Col-
burn, unhooking his blouse and hunting for
cigaret material, “it was a Saturday morn-
ing. I’d been reading the newspapers and
everything, and all they say is that the
Americans won a great victory at Chateau -
Thierry, then that the frogs have taken
Soissons, and that the Boche are in full
retreat. It looks as if the war might be
over any day.
4

Adventure

  “Well, now, I felt pretty sad. There
w£is all that fightin’ goin’ on and me here
ridin’ herd on draftees just landed and goin’
on guard every four nights, and tryin’ to
make France a desert by drinkin’ up all
the liquor in it. So feeling sad, I wanted
comfort.

  “Well, along about then comes the little
frog with the jerry latrine squad and I had
a bright thought that I’d take one of ’em
over and straighten out my stuff for in-
spection, which would save me a lot of
work. So I wandered over here with this
squarehead. Well, I started to show him
what I wanted done, you know, and makin’
signs like a chink tellin’ you how much the
laundry was, and this bird sounds off in
English. Not awful good, but still you
knew what he was talkin’ about.

  “ ‘Make up the blankets,’ says I, showin’
him how, ‘an’ put the shoes under the bunk,
and hang that towel straight, and whisk
the broom a bit.’ Well, he was glad enough
to do that instead of what he was supposed
to do. ‘You fellars got good shoes,’ says
he, putting mine away. ‘That’s a nice
coat,’ pointing to Joe Shupps’ hangin’ on
the wall. ‘Try it on,’ I says for the fun of
it. So he tries it on. Then the Old Nick comes
out from under the bunk and whispers
in my ear.

  “ ‘How’d yuh like to go out and have a
ball of vin rooge?' says I.

  “ ‘The police,’ he moans, “they’d kill
me!”

  “ ‘I’ll put you on a uniform,’ I says, ‘an’
you an’ me’ll go for a pasear down to the
gate an’ back an’ you can have a drink, and
then we’ll come back an’ go to work.’ ”

  “You crazy boob!” interjected Oley.

  “Shut up!” directed Colburn. “No re-
marks. Well, the jerry climbs into Shupps’
uniform and out we went. Of course, the
frog had gone back to his stockade, and
none of our gang knew this here jerry, so
we got away strong. I expected to get
burned for leaving camp while I was on
guard, and that was all. I took the jerry
along to get some dope from him about the
war. He wasn’t part of the original plan.”

  “What plan?” asked Olsen.

  “Don’t interrupt now. He wasn’t part
o’ the plan. Well, we went out the gate
and I chewed the rag with Number Four
a minute and told him to keep his ojo
peeled for the O. D. because I knew he’d
be just as happy as a bug on a hot stove

watchin’ for the O. D. and tryin’ to see him
in time to give me the office, and o’ course
the O. D. would see him sneak off post to
tell me, so I thought I was all set.

  “Then we went down to that gin mill on
the corner. About then the fun began.
There was a bunch of frogs in there, guys
on leave, I guess, all in uniform, and all
drinkin’ death to the Boche and readin’
out loud about the big fight, and my guy’s
hair stands right up straight.

  “Well, I got him into a chair and we had
a couple of shots of wine, and I tried to get
some dope out of him about how the war
was fought. He ain’t got no ears for me,
so I decided about then that I’d better get
out of there. I began to guess I had the
old steer by the horns. Then over comes
one o’ these frogs and allows some thing
about camarade Americain, and let’s have a
drink, and he pours us out some stuff he’s
got in a canteen.

  “‘Ray,’ he says, ‘death to the Boche,’ or
somethin’ to that effect. Anyway, I heard
the word Boche and my jerry friend let’s the
frog have his glass right in the mush. Then
he gives a warcry in Dutch. Well, now,
I’ve been in the Bucket o’ Blood in Thomp-
sonville when the Fourth Field was doin’
M. P. duty, an’ I’ve been in one or two bar-
room cleanouts in my time, but that was
the liveliest.

  “All I thought of was to get out and bein’
near the door I did, they all goin’ for the
jerry anyway. He put a table under a few
o’ their feet and lets another guy have our
bottle, that set me back three francs, right
about where he tucks his dinner, and then
he comes along of me. I guess the wine
kinda got to him, or he was just mad as-.

  “Well, we run allee same jackrabbits,
with all the bottles in that part of France
buzzin’ by our ears, an’ we got in the gate

and the guard hollers like-and shows

his rifle to the frogs an’ so we got away.

  “Well, who comes in the barracks but
the O. D. with a moan that they’re one jerry
prisoner short. There’s only two shovin’
the cart and there ought to be three. Well,
I rushes right out with the O. D. and the
jerry’s got sense enough to change his
clothes, and he just gets ’em swapped when
in comes the whole gang inspecting and
catches him in the barracks.

  “Well, he says I had him in to police up
around my bunk and so they had me in, and
about then some bright lad picks up Shupps’
A Sergeant of Cavalry

5

uniform off the floor and between one
thing and another, I get my belt pulled
and that’s the end of it, only of course
the frogs go and report that a Yank gives
a cheer for the Kaiser, and the major
puts two and two together, and knows
—-— well I was out with this squarehead
and started the riot.”

  “Well, what the-did you do all this

foolishness for? You sound like a kid!
Why, you’re crazier than a locoed jughead!
If you wanted to get busted, why didn’t
you resign?”

  “I didn’t want to get busted. I wanted
to get promoted.”

  “Promoted!”

  “Yeh, promoted. I aim to get a com-
mission out of this scrap and it’s time I was
after it.”

  “Well, you would ’a’ got one at Platts-
burg if you hadn’t gone givin’ your opin-
ion on them sheep-herdin’ jaspers they
called reserve officers. You wouldn’t ex-
pect to get a commission after tellin’ a
bunch o’ millionaires they wouldn’t make
a pimple on a good soldier’s nose, would
yuh?”

  “That ain’t here nor there. I want to
get me a commission now and the first step
was to get tried. I didn’t aim to get jerrys
and frogs lockin’ horns; I just wanted to
get tried and broke, and then I’d be about
gettin’ me a pair o’ longery pins to wear
on my shoulders.”

  At this Oley looked fixedly at his com-
panion for a moment and then, having made
up his mind, he drew his pistol, removed
the magazine and threw the shells out of the
chamber.

  “There,” said he emphatically, “you
won’t blow your conk off with my gun! I’m
goin’ to march you to the doc! You ain’t
right in your head.”

  The door opened with a bang.

  “Sergeant Colburn,” called a voice.

  “Yo!” answered the sergeant. “What’s
on the mind?”

  He beheld the person of his first sergeant
advancing upon him.

  “I got your sentence, you crazy loon,”
said the first sergeant, “you want to leave
hard liquor alone when you’re on guard,
kid. You won’t never come as near
hangin’ again and get away with it. The
frogs been bellowin’ for your life, accordin’

to the sergeant major. Yuh - fool!

What the -— did yuh take that square-

head out the camp for? A man could
get a stretch in Leavenworth for doin’
less than that!”

  “Well, what did I get? Kind of sudden
with the sentence, aren’t they?”

  “They made it sudden especial. First
off, findings guilty. Sentence, to be re-
duced to the grade of private, to be confined
for six months, and to forfeit two-thirds
of a month’s pay for a like period. It’s
to be read at retreat tonight, but you’re
gettin’ a special announcement.

  “How does he get that way?” gasped
Colburn weakly.

  “-fool!” said the first sergeant again.

“Ain’t you got no savvy? A man with
your service, too, to go outta camp when on
guard and take a prisoner of war with you,
in a Yank uniform. If they could have
proved it on you, you’d done a stretch, I
ain’t kiddin’ yuh. If they’d found that
bird in Shupps’ uniform, you’d been a
walkin’ D target.”

  “-!” gasped the two sergeants.

  “Wait till I read the rest of it,” said the
first sergeant. “If I was born with your
luck I’d been John D. instead of wearin’
a diamond in this dizzy troop. ‘Such por-
tion of the sentence as relates to confine-
ment and forfeiture of pay is hereby re-
mitted. Per order.’ ”

  “Oh, man!” cried the two. “Oh, man!”

  “-!” yelled Colburn. “I was groggy

for a minute. All I could see was your old
buddy making little ones outta big ones
till next winter.”

  “Wait,” said the top. “ ‘Special Orders,
number steenth, extract! The followin’
named enlisted men are hereby transferred
to the Fourth Provisional Replacement
Company, July Replacement Draft: Pri-
vate Nelson Colburn, Troop A, 18th Caval-
ry. Per Order.’”

  “Huh?” said Colburn. “Where’s that
outfit?”

  “It’s right here in this camp!” barked
the first sergeant, “an’ it leaves in about
two hours for the front! Get your stuff
ready and I’ll take you over.”

  Here he sat weakly down upon a bunk,
all his rage gone from him.

  “Nell,” said the top, “how’s chances on
swappin’ jobs? You be the top and I’ll
go up to the front in your place. I’m so

- sick of soldierin’ in this hole I could

cry.”

  “Say, what do you hombres think I went
6

Adventure

through all this rigamarole for?” asked
Colburn.

  “You mean to say you went and got
broke and tried and everything to get sent
up to the front?” cried Olsen.

  “That’s whatever,” agreed Colburn.
  “Well, how about the commission?”
  “That’s all part of it.”

  “Well, I ’m ——!” said the first sergeant.
“What’s the rush? There’s rumors that
we’re going up ourselves any time.”
“There’s been rumors to that effect ever
since we struck France four months ago,
but we ain’t up yet. An’ I can’t wait any
more. I got to get going.”

  “Well, what did you take that jerry out
with you for? You could have got broke
without puttin’ the rope round your neck
by such a fool trick as that.”

  “Well, I was lonesome and sad, and so
was he, and I was afraid they might just
break me. So I was going to get some dope
from him about the German army and go
down town some night to that cafe where
the M. P. said they had a spotter tendin’
bar and get soundin’ off. An M. P. told
me that every once in a while some one
sounded off in that place, and the next week
he went sailin’ up to the front.”

  “You —— fool,” said the top again,
“they don’t send enlisted men up like
that, only goldbrick officers that go shootin’
off their face. When an enlisted man
below grade seven talks too much he gets
his face pushed in; he don’t get sent to
no front.”

  “Well, the jerry got snarled with the
frogs and I saw I was in wrong, and I didn’t
know what I’d do till I thought of letting
the major hear me say I didn’t want to
go to the front, and then he might send me
there and sure enough he did. I was
goin’ to get broke, and then ask for a
transfer.”

  “How come you thirst to get to the front
like that?” asked Olsen.

  “Well,” said Colburn, “I crave excite-
ment.”

  “Sergeant,” said Olsen, addressing the
top, “go get a doctor. This guy is off
his nut complete.”

  “Maybe he is,” said the top, “but the
orders says to get him to the Fourth Pro-
visional Company, and the major told me
if he got away from me not to never show
up here again; so gather up your clothes,
private, and we’ll be goin’.”

TWO days later the Fourth
Provisional Replacement Com-
pany descended from its box
cars at Chateau-Thierry. They
did not need to ask if they were at the front.
The railroad station was a wreck, a near-by
repair shop was a pile of brick and rusty
iron, and the telegraph wires still hung in
great festoons from every pole, like spa-
ghetti from a fork. They lined the company
up, counted noses and ushered them into
some trucks.

  “Do you know what outfit we’re going
to?” ex-Sergeant Colburn asked one of
his companions, as they clanged over the
bumpy street.

  “I don’t know,” said the other, ’n I don’t

give a -. They’re all the same. I

been hounded up an’ down from this to
that and back again for eight months now,
an’ they’re all the same. One hog-wrastle
after another. I’m glad I’m gettin’ to
the front at last. I waited long enough.
What’s that sign mean?”

  The sign was a great black plank, with
the word in white on it—

UNTERSTANDEN.

  “-fino,” said Nell, “it’s a Boche sign.

This must be where we chucked ’em out.
I wonder how far we’ve gone. Say, this
was quite a town to be all knocked to
chewin’ gum. It’s a wonder they couldn’t
clean it up.”

  The truck by now had left the town and
turned into a highroad running out into the
country. The white dust billowed up and
surrounded the men, so that conversation
came to an end, on pain of smothering in
the clouds. When the dust would lower
for a second, glimpses could be caught of
broken carriages, a ditch with German
helmets scattered about in it, Yank over-
coats hanging to trees, a rifle stuck into the
ground by its bayonet.

  The men began to show excitement.
They wanted to appear calm, they wanted
each other to think that the approach of
battle meant nothing to them, but the
strain finally became unendurable. When
at last a squadron of planes appeared high
overhead in the cloudless sky, and black
flowers began to bloom beneath them, the
men could restrain themselves no longer.

  “Yay!” they cheered. “Bring ’em down,

kid, hit ’em in the eye! Pepper ’em,-

’em, shoot ’em all down!”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

7

  “Look at ’em, they don’t mind them shells
a mite! Ain’t them gunners got no eyes
at all?”

  “They don’t seem to hit within a mile
of ’em, do they?”

  “Shut up the bellerin’,” called the driver
of the truck over his shoulder. “Them is
our planes, and- the jerries are tryin’ to
down ’em.”

  “That so?” said the men in the truck.
“Well, we might a known that our gunners
wouldn’t be so far off the target.”

  “You tell ’em,” said the truck driver.
“If you want to see some fine shootin’ all
over the lot, you want to watch some o’
them cosmoline anti-aircraft outfits. There’s
only one thing worse, an’ that’s the field
artillery in this man’s Army. Half the
time they’re shellin’ their own roads.
Well, I ain’t no man to discourage yuh.”
The driver slowed to a stop as an officer
came out to the road and held up his hand.

  “Are those replacements for the Thirty-
first?” called the officer.

  “Yessir.”

  “Well, you might as well drop them here,
it will save them quite a walk back. How
many in there?”

  It appeared that there were twenty. The
Fourth Company had been composed of a
hundred and forty men, which would fur-
nish the replacements for a battalion. The
truck that held Nell Colburn was emptied,
and another like it, and the officer, after
conferring with one of the company offi-
cers, who had been on the second truck,
formed the men up and marched them into
the woods. Here they were divided and
Nell’s truckload, with some twenty others,
taken to a great block of a building on the
edge of the forest.

  “This here is G Company,” said the man
who had brought them over. “The top
will be out in a minute.”

  A guide led Colburn around the corner of
the building to a small room that had the
appearance of having been a cow shed at
some time or other.

  “Hey, corporal!” called the guide, “here’s
a friend for yuh.”

  A red-haired man in his undershirt ap-
peared and Colburn was pointed out to
him. Then the guide passed on with his
other charges.

  “My name’s Mead,” said the corporal,
looking keenly at Nell. “You ever soldiered
before?”

  “Well,” began Nell, but the corporal in-
terrupted.

  His eye had noted the neatly fitting
blouse, the old Army breeches and the scar
of the chevrons on the sleeve.

  “Never mind,” he said quickly. “I don’t
care, ’tain’t nothin’ to me. C’m in and I’ll
see about a bunk.”

  Within the shed were six men, one of
whom wrote a letter, another wrapped and
unwrapped a new pair of puttees in an ef-
fort to make them look somewhat present-
able, a third placidly cleaned his rifle and
the other two were engaged in a game of
pinochle.

  “You can sling your pack down in the hay
anywheres,” said the corporal. “You won’t
need to make up a bunk because we’re
movin’ outta here at dark. It’s about time
or the coots would eat us alive. The place
is lousy with ’em.”

  The men, after one look at Nell, went on
with their occupations. They were very si-
lent, probably because of the newcomer,
and also because of the heat. They all had
glaringly new underwear on, most of them
had new breeches and some had new shoes.

  “Didn’t they give you a new rifle?” a
man asked suddenly, pointing to the En-
field that Nell had stood against the wall.

  “Nope,” said Nell, “that’s the only one
I’ve got. I see you fellers got the old
Springfield. Maybe I can buscar one.”
“They’ll issue you one out, maybe,” said
the corporal. “You wouldn’t want to lug
that one very far.”

  “It’ll do to kill one or two squareheads
with,” said Nell, smiling.

  “Huh!” cried two or three at once. “You
won’t kill no squareheads for some time!”
“How come?” gasped the ex-cavalryman.
“Isn’t this the front?”

  “Sure it’s the front, but we ain’t on it,”
said the corporal. “We come outta the
lines three days ago and we’re startin’ for
rest billets tonight. We won’t do no more
fightin’ this summer.”

  Nell said never a word. He sat on the
floor, his back against a stall, and looked at
a German ammunition pouch that had been
souvenired by one of the men. It was made
of leather, with three oblong pockets, and
had wire hooks to hang to the knapsack
straps. Nell would never get one. No more
fighting this summer!

  “Would they mind a guy taking a little
pasear around here?” asked Nell.
8

Adventure

  “Nope/’ said the corporal. “There’s a
Boche trench over there on the edge of the
woods you might like to look at.”

NELL went out. The sun was
terrific and the fields were dry
and burned. The wheat had
been cut by the Germans and
either shipped to their field bakeries or home
to Germany. There was no clamor of bat-
tle, no sign of war, nothing but the peaceful
aspect of a country landscape, distant hills
half seen through the haze, and the snaky
road with trucks thundering by from time
to time. At intervals a lonely plane buzzed
overhead.

  “Don’t it beat-,” muttered Colburn.

“Here I go and get broke to get up to the
front and then don’t get there. I’ve known

some-fools in my time, but none as big

as me. A £>uck private in a doughboy out-
fit, the Thirty-first. That’s a new one
on me. Must be one o’ these home-made
regiments, like the Three Hundred and
First Cavalry or the Fifty-second Artillery.
Bunch of lunatics. Cooks police to do an’
I haven’t had my hands in a pan for three
years. Bet they give me recruit drill.

Huh! This is a-of a war! No wonder it

lasted four years if this is a sample.”

  He inspected the old German trench,
which was nothing but a shallow ditch, with
a few reels of machine-gun ammunition
lying around and a piece of a rifle. About
the farm, and here and there in the woods
he could see men moving, hanging clothes
to dry, cleaning rifles or killing time. And
meanwhile the war was raging and no
chance of getting to it, any more than if he,
ex-Sergeant Colburn, were still doing patrol
duty at Ruidosa or Marfa, or any other re-
mote border post.

  “-’s bells and the-to ring ’em,”

groaned Nell. “The Army in war time is
no place for a guy that’s got any ambition.
I got just about as much chance of gettin’
a commission as a louse has of bein’ made
commander-in-chief of the armies.”

  Somewhere in the woods a bugle blew
first call for something, and whatever it
was it behooved Nell to be gone to his
squad, which he did, and made himself
ready to stand a formation. He fell in with
his squad and before assembly blew, took a
good look at them.

  The formation was evidently retreat,
there was much calling of the roll and

checking of numbers and inspection of
equipment, which took •some time. The
company commander, a tall nervous man,
walked up and down, exhorting.

  “Every man got a new gas-mask canis-
ter?” he cried. “If I find a man without
one, I’ll skin him alive! Be sure all your
men have a full allowance of ammunition,
Corporals. Fill canteens with water only.
Let me catch you with wine in them.
You’ll never be able to drink a drop of it
again with comfort.”

  At this formation Nell’s Enfield or Model
19x7 rifle was taken away and he was given
a Model 1903, known as the Springfield.
This was the rifle with which his regiment
had been armed and with which he was fa-
miliar. This rifle was also lighter than the
later model, a thing that he was very thank-
ful for. Abruptly they were dismissed and
each man, without waiting for the call, got
his mess kit and lined up by the shed where
the rolling kitchen was. Then when mess
call blew, they were all ready to eat.

  Colburn ate with his squad. They all sat
together against the house wall, and he
thought this would be a good chance to get
acquainted with them. As he sat down
very gingerly, skilfully balancing his mess
kit so that the slum would neither run out
of the meat can, nor the apricots off the
cover, nor the handle of his cup come un-
done and his coffee all go-ward, one of

the men was speaking his mind.

  “It don’t look right,” said the man, “for
us to have all this chow tonight. Slum,
an’ a guy could shut his eyes and make a
stab at it an’ hit a potato or a piece o’ meat
every time, apricots fer dessert, coffee with
canned cream to go in it, and all the bread
you want, take two. I maintain they’re
goin’ to march us off our feet. They may
take us clear across France, who knows?”

  “Ferget it,” said a dark swarthy man, a
little inclined to stoutness. “You’re off
your head. They got all this chow on hand
and want to get rid of it.”

  “You got the idear, ‘Spagett,’ ” said the
corporal, with his mouth full.

  “That so?” objected the first man.
“Well, if that’s so, then how come all this
moan about havin’ lots of ammunition?
‘Every man have his belt full,’ says the
skipper. What for? I spose we’re goin’ to
shoot snipe or somethin’?”

  “ ‘Bottle,’ you ain’t got half the brains
-give a mule skinner. How we gonna
A Sergeant of Cavalry

9

carry our ammunition? If the guys don’t
lug it in their belts, it’s got to go on wagons,
and we ain’t got too many wagons.”

  “Well, I wish t’-we wasn’t Inkin' to-
night,” interjected another member o’ the
squad. “I believe I’m cornin’ down with
my boils again. I got a regular peony right
where it’ll do the most harm. I’ll have a
interestin’ march, kid. Me for the ammuni-
tion cart the minute it gets dark.”

  “You lemme catch you,” said the corporal
darkly.

  “Don’t worry,” responded the other,
“you won’t.”

  Then Bottle, who must be so called be-
cause his name as shouted at retreat was
Bartle, looked at Colburn.

  “I bet you’re glad we’re goin’ away from
the front tonight anyway, even if we are
hikin’ it.”

  “Well, I’m not,” said Nell, “not by a-

sight. I came up to see some horn tanglin’
with the Boche and I’d just as soon see a
little before I go away. This war’s liable to
be over any day.”

  After that there was a long moment of
silence. Then the corporal, in view of his
rank, spoke.

  “Man,” said he, “you won’t never regret
goin’ away from the front. We been in
there monkeyin’ with them krauts for about
a week and we’re fed up aplenty. You
needn’t worry about the war bein’ over.
It’ll run for some time yet. An’ a little of
this fightin’ stuff does a man a long, long
time, especially if he’s a mud thumper.
There’s guys right in this squad—■” here he
looked hard at Bottle—“that if you was to
yell ‘Boche’ at ’em good and loud right
now, they’d jump clean out from under their
wig.”

  “It ain’t so!” said Bottle, his face a deep
red. “I ain’t no more afraid of ’em than
any one else.

  “They’re kiddin’ me,” said Bottle, turn-
ing to Nell, “because when we wras going
through some woods some o’ the guys snarls
up with a machine-gun and while they was
all yellin’ an’ givin’ advice I stepped on a

hornet’s nest. What the - do they

think, I’d stand there an’ get stung to
death?”

  “I hollered ‘Boche,’ grinned the man
called Spagett, “an’ Bottle give a jump that
took him clear out of the advance zone.”

  “I didn’t run far,” said Bottle. “I just
run an’ jumped in that creek. Any o’ you

guys would have if you’d stepped on that
bees’ nest.”

  The men finished the meal hurriedly, for
a few drops of rain had pattered down, and
then hurried to the cow shed.

  “I don’t think we’ll start till dark,” said
the corporal, “an’ it may let up before
then.”

  The men sat in the hot interior of the
shed, steaming, while the rain poured down
outside. It came in sheets and the dark-
ness with it.

  “ ’Nother wet march,” growled the men.
“Our nice new clothes, too. When those
trucks get through splashin’ mud on us
we’ll look wors’n we did before.”

  “There’s the whistle,” cried the corporal
suddenly. “Outside every one. Be sure
you got your breech covers on good an’
tight.”

THE march began in a hazy twi-
light. It was Colburn’s first
march on foot with a pack and
after the first hundred yards he
was sure he was not going to like it. In his
pack were two blankets, emergency rations
that had been issued at retreat, his mess-kit
and toilet articles, a shelter half, poles and
pins and an extra pair of shoes.

  He got rid of the shoes first, since they
were on the outside and could be more
easily discarded.

  The company followed the road for some
distance and joined up with the other com-
panies of the battalion. Then the column
came out on a main road, for Nell could
hear trucks rattling and the creak of axles
mingling with the stamping of hoofs. A
loud cry was heard at the head of the col-
umn and as it was passed back, Nell could
distinguish what it was.

  “Take hold of the man in front!”

  Nell reached out his hand and got hold of
the straps of a man’s pack. At the same
time a groping claw came over his shoulder
and took him by the face.

  “Leggo!” cried Nell.

  “My mistake,” said the other man.
“Who’s that?”

  “Colburn.”

  “I’m Goodrich,” said the other man.
“My boil is near killin’ me. Man, ain’t it
black!”

  The column toiled along, stopping, start-
ing and stopping again. At times there
were loud rumbles and terrific crashes.
10

Adventure

Nell thought this was gunfire, but the noise
usually followed a lightning flash, so that he
decided that it was thunder.

  The lightning would show the dripping
column on one side of the road and on the
other a line of trucks, moving steadily along,
seemingly endless.

  The rain came down in torrents. It was
like standing under a waterfall. The water
ran down the men’s faces and so under the
collars of the slickers. It ran in between
the hooks in front, it dripped from the bot-
tom, and soaked down inside the puttee.
Their shoes were full of water, not from the
outside, but from this internal seepage.

  Nell, feeling a mysterious bulge, discov-
ered that his slicker pocket was full of water.
This he emptied, and swore feelingly.
Once the man ahead of him broke awav
from his hold and Nell had to grope wildly
for a half minute or so, with all the help-
lessness and panic of a drowning man, be-
fore he could find him. Then it was only
because a lightning flash showed him his
man, about a yard ahead.

  “Come on,” cried Nell, “leggo my belt,

you-fool. How can I catch up with

my man if you hang on to me like that?”
“There’s fifty guys got hold of me,” pro-
tested Goodrich.

  “Well, tell ’em to take up the trot!”

  This was passed back and the men mov-
ing out faster, Goodrich moaning because of
his boil, Nell finally found a pack within
the grasp of his hand once more. At the
same time he received a sharp blow upon
that portion of him where a kick would be
most apt to land.

  “Hey!” he cried. “Who the-kicked

me? Any of you birds want an argument?
I won’t stand for any rough stuff, and you
might as well find it out now as later. I can
knock any man for a gool that kicks me!”
He turned sharply around, still keeping
hold of the pack in front, and as he did so,
Goodrich cried out.

  “Ow! Leggo that rifle! Gimme that

rifle, you -! Where the - do you

think you’re goin’?”

  “Fresh truck drivers!” cried several voices
at once, and howls from the line of trucks
showed that missiles were being hurled by
the infantry.

  There was a glitter of lightning and Nell
saw what had hit him. There was an am-
munition cart drawn by a limber just be-
side him. Some part of the limber had

struck him in passing. Now the cart had a
brake, a long thing that stuck up in the air
like a lance and was worked from the limber
by a rope. This brake arm had caught
Goodrich’s slung rifle and was very nearly
tearing it off his shoulder. The flash went
out and a chorus of jeers and cries went up
from the column.

  “Where’s he goin’ with that thing?” cried
Nell, but his words were lost in a sharp clap
of thunder.

  On the heels of the clap came such a cry
as men hear in their dreams, but rarely dur-
ing waking moments. Another clap, nearer
and sharper—BLAM1 Another shout, more
like a shriek. The column halted in con-
sternation. Lightning again, the sky as
bright as day, but there was a great blot of
shadow on the column, on the man in front
of Nell, on the trucks, and the ammunition
cart. Darkness again, a roar of sound, and
a great red light.

  “Hey! Hey! A plane! A bombin’ plane!”
  “Lay off those bombs; we’re Yanks!”
  “Git off the road!”

  “Under cover!”

  “Stay on the road, it’s one of our planes!”
  “Boche plane! Boche plane!”

  There was another bomb and another
wild cry to the man overhead that the sol-
diers on the road were Yanks. There was a
sound as of a rushing torrent, the rustling of
hundreds of slickers, the sucking of hun-
dreds of feet in the muddy ditch. The bat-
talion had taken to the fields.

  In the first second of horror and confus-
ion, Colburn went with them, but as he
jumped across the ditch the thought oc-
curred to him that if this was a panic he
might obtain some measure of gratitude
from his new officers by helping to stop it.
However, the officers and non-coms had nc
idea of letting the men get out of hand.

  “Steady, G Company,” he could hear
them call, and as the men halted, he heard
his own corporal commanding:

  “Fourth squad, stick around! Spread out,
but don’t run no more! Fourth squad all
right, any one hit? Sound off your names!”

THE men began to call out their
names, answering from here and
there in the darkness. They were
all present. The same thing was
going on all around them, corporals assem-
bling squads, and sergeants helping lieu-
tenants to re-form shattered platoons.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

II

  la a little while the men stopped calling
and now another sound, that had been un-
heard before, began to make itself audible.
There was a tremendous mess on the road.
There were dead and wounded horses, dead
and wounded men, trucks with their motors
still running and the hind end of them in
kindling wood.

  “-!” muttered Nell, “can’t we do

something for those guys out there?”

  “The stretcher bearers’ll look after ’em,”
said some one. “They’ll all be took care of.”
“It’s kinda tough on ’em, aint it,” spoke
another man, “to be knocked off just when
we was goin’ out to rest billets? If we was
goin’ up to the front now, it would be a
blessin’ to get a little skin knocked off and
get sent out right at the start.”

  There was a command from the head of
the column.

  “Forward!”

  A mad scrambling ensued as every one
reached out to take hold of his neighbor.
Squads and platoons were intermixed, men
seized each other and as they started to
move out many found they were going in
circles.

  “Hey!” cried several. “We aint gettin’
anywheres! Whose the head o’ this line?
Which way do we go?”

  A sharp voice rose above all the others,
not loud or bellowing, but crackling like a
whip, a voice whose sound was distinguish-
able above the clamor in much the same
fashion that a one-pounder gun can be
clearly heard above all the racket of a bat-
tle.

  “Straighten out here, men! - my

soul, we’re not playing ring around a rosie!
You’re worse than the militia! First squad,
where are you? Good, move out. Second

squad, second squad, where the-’s the

second squad? Second squad! Is that the
second squad? What are you doing over
there? Lying down? Who told you to lie
down? Corporal, you’re a private, compree
that? You’re a private! Mulkern, you
take charge of the squad. Remember ser-
geant, Mulkern’s a corporal if I’m a casu-
alty. Move out now. Third squad all
right? Fourth squad. Come, come, let’s
get going; we can’t stay here all night.”

  As they hurried along the edge of the
field, Nell felt a surge of fear. The men
were being hurried as fast as possible from
the scene of the bombing, for there is noth-
ing that will wreck the morale of even

veteran troops so quickly as a black night
and the presence of a great number of
wounded calling for first aid.

  It was strange, though, that the men
about Nell should have been affected so
suddenly. A few minutes before they had
been fairly calm, a little breathless, a little
jumpy till thej^ found who had been hit, but
not more than mildly excited. On the tick
of a second it had all changed. Breath
whistled through teeth, men panted and
coughed, and all hurried, hurried, crowding
and shoving, and the atmosphere was
charged with terror.

  “What the-struck all this gang so

quick?” asked Nell over his shoulder.

  He was not answered, but from the dark-
ness beside him came excited whispers.

  “ ’Juh hear what the old man said? ‘If
I’m a casualty,’ he says. We’re goin’ back
to the front!”

  “Shut up, you!” ordered the corporal.
“You got another one o’ your coke jags.
Why mightn’t the old man be a casualty?
Think that’s the only Boche plane that’s
out tonight?”

  “That was one o’ our planes.”

  “Wasn’t no such a thing! Our planes got
a light on ’em. That’s a Boche. An’ he
never knew what luck he had, I betcha.
How could he tell there was a road there
and it rainin’ soup and stones to splash it?
He was huntin’ for a dump or a hospital or
somethin’ in them woods, an’ let them
bombs go for luck.”

  There was a thud from in front and a
smothered curse. On the heels of it a clat-
ter and another thud.

  “For -’s sake, pick up your feet,”

pleaded some one. “You shoved that-

rifle halfway through me.”

  “There’s a ditch here,” called some one,
“look out for it!”

  “We must be gettin’ back to the road,”
observed the corporal. “We’ll soon enough
see if we’re goin’ back to the front. Fat
chance. We done all our front stuff last
week.”

  The column was back on the road, they
could tell that by the feel of the ground
under their feet, and by the roar of the mo-
tors. There were not so many here, they
were lighter cars, by the sound, probably
ambulances.

  “If we could see some trucks,” observed
an invisible speaker, “we could tell which
way they was goin’ and then we’d know
12

Adventure

where we was at in this - hole.”

  “Can’t you tell by the ambulances?”
asked Nell.

  “Naw. They might be goin’ up empty.
They rim both ways. But trucks usually
only run one way this time o’ night, and
that’s up to the front. If I’d only had
sense I’d have looked when they was splat-
terin’ mud on us, but I was too busy hang-
ing on to the guy ahead.”

  After a while there was a halt. The halt
was signalled by each man running his nose
against the rifle or pack of the man in front,
at the same time doing his best to climb up
the back of his legs. The men stated their
feelings with some energy of expression, but
finding after a minute or so that his was a
real halt, and not just a check in the march
to allow traffic to clear up, sat down in the
mud and listened to the rain pattering on
their steel helmets.

  “I begin to think I could sleep,” said
Nell to the man next him. “I spent the
last two [nights in a box car with about
forty other birds and the sleeping quarters
were poor. What do they do to you if
you ease off your pack and forget to put
it on again?”

  “I wouldn’t,” said the other man, whose
voice showed him to be Spagett. “We
all got new stuff issued us an’ when we
get back to billets they’ll have a show-
down, an’ any one that’s shy, finds it on
the payroll.”

  Nell sighed. The pack was intolerably
heavy. It bumped the back of his legs
when he walked and the straps were cutting
his arms off. In addition, he had a belt full
of ammunition, an item that was not the
lightest of all he had on him. He wondered
how Goodrich’s boil was. Off in the woods
there was a short, sharp sound, a kind of
crack, like.a bat meeting a ball for a home
run. The resting column woke to instant
comment.

  “ ’S a G. I. can!”

  “Ain’t either. We’re outta range!”

  “Was that a shell? By-, it sounded

like one!”

  The sound occurred again, prefaced by a
short whistle.

  “Boy,” said Spagett, “they done us dirt!
Those are shells as sure as I’m sittin’ in

this mud! Rest billets, -! We’re goin’

up again.”

  “Do you really think so?” cried Nell.
“Honest to-now!”

  “Huh!” grunted Spagett. “I seen enough
of ’em. You won’t be so crazy about goin’
to the front this time tomorrow night, that
is, if you ain’t pushin’ up daisies by then.”

THE column moved forward a
few yards and halted again, per-
haps to get away from the
shells. There was bitter discus-
sion on all sides.

  The noise was a shell bursting. The noise
was no such thing, but men unloading lum-
ber for barracks.

  The column was already under fire, and
there had been casualties at the head of it.

  The column was out of range, for they
had just passed a cross roads where they
had lost the road coming up ten days before.

  The officers were lost and were going back
to the front instead of away from it.

  Another short forward stretch and an-
other halt. This was prolonged and Nell
tried to lie down and get a bit of sleep, first
cautioning Spagett to awaken him when the
column went forward again. This Spagett
agreed to do, provided he was awake him-
self.

  The next thing Nell heard was the clang
of a bell and a wild cry. He sat up at once,
knowing from the stiffness of his limbs that
he had been asleep.

  “ ’S that?” cried the men. “That a gas
alarm?”

  “Gas alert!” was passed sternly up and
down the column, and the men who had
been carrying their masks under their arms
put them at the alert position, that is,
strapped to their chests, and waited with
beating hearts for another alarm, or the
smell of gas in the air.

  “Curran,” said the corporal sternly.
“Was that you made that noise?”

  “It fell outta my pack,” said Curran
plaintively.

  “All right. A week in the kitchen for you
when we get to billets. I told you to leave
that- thing behind.”

  “What’s this?” asked Nell.

  “Aw, this dizzy Curran’s got one o’ those
vases they make outa a 75 shell. The
order is out that we ain’t to do it no more
and that all that kinda stuff is to be turned
in, but Curran’s hangin’ on to that vase like
grim death. He says he’s goin’ to send it
home to his girl. Hey, here comes some
troops!”

 There was the sound of a column
A Sergeant of Cavalry

13

marching down the other side of the road.
Slop, slop, slop, went their feet, their slick-
ers rustled and their equipment rattled.
They were moving in a direction opposite
to that in which the column was headed.
“What outfit?” called some one.
“Ninety-fourth,” was the reply.

  “What!”

  If there were any sleepers in the column
they awoke now to instant wakefulness at
that cry of rage and chagrin.

  “You the Ninety-fourth, the guys that
relieved us?”

  “Yup,” said the inarching men.

  “They lost the fine,” called a voice down
the column. “They couldn’t hold it an’
we got to go take it back again!”

  “Oh, the dirty unspeakables!” howled the
men in the ditch. “Oh, the —-— milishy!
An’ we lost our rest an’ everything.”

  The growl increased. Opprobrium was
heaped on the marchers. Hoots and cat-
calls resounded. The marchers were too
tired to pay any heed, but suddenly some
one, who, from the way he talked, was an
Officer, began to shout.

  “Listen here, you men! Don’t talk that
way to us! We volunteered to take over
your sector for you so that you could get

some rest and we’ve had a-of a time

up there while you were rolling on your
backs! And this is all we get for it! There’s
gratitude for you! You’re a bunch of
skunks, every —— one of you. I can lick
any six of you that have got the guts to
come out here and fight! You aren’t fit to
dig latrines for the quartermaster corps!”
“Who’s there,” called some one from the
ditch. “Draw it mild, draw it mild! You’re
tired and all that, but don’t blackguard this
outfit or I’ll hang a lily on your nose my-
self!”

  “That’s our old man,” cried Spagett de-
lightedly. “He’d do it, too.”

  “Raaazzberry!” cheered the men in the
ditch, secure in the hiding darkness.

  Just as this interesting point, there was a
stir of men getting to their feet, and the
march began again.

  “Any doubt about our going to the front
now?” asked Nell.

  “Not for sour-apple juice,” answered sev-
eral at once.

  “Not so bad,” thought Nell, “not so bad.
Things may come our way yet.”

  Then he walked on with better spirits.
They turned off the road in a little while

and, falling and stumbling, went some dis-
tance into black woods.

  “This is us,” said Spagett, “and we ain’t
very near because I don’t hear no shells.”

  “If you can find a hole,” said the cor-
poral, “get in it. If you can’t, dig yourself
one. No one sleeps on top the ground, now
mind.”

  Nell could hear muttering, the clink of
pick and shovel, and the thump of packs
being hurled to the ground. He began to
undo his own, as some one took him by the
arm.

  “That you, Colburn? This is Corporal
Meade. Hunt around an’ you’ll find a hole.
There ought to be all kinds of ’em here.
Golly! There’s one, I like to broke my neck
falling in to it. Well, that fixes you. Good-
rich, where you at? Got a hole?”

  The rest of it Nell did not hear. He had
lain down in the hole and in spite of the two
or three inches of water in the bottom was
instantly asleep.

  Nell slowly began to realize that there
was an intermittent pain in his leg, that
shifted suddenly to the upper part of hia
body. As the pain increased his mind be-
came clearer, and he discovered that a man
was prodding him with something. He
opened his eyes to see a soldier standing on
the edge of the hole, a dim shape against
the mist of early day, lifting his rifle and
letting it fall, with the motion of one churn-
ing cream in an old fashioned churn, Nell
taking the part of the cream and the rifle
the dasher.

  “Lay off!” cried Nell. “What the —
do you think I’m made of?”

  “Gup!” said the man.

  Then sighing, he moved over to another
hole and Nell could see him prodding away
with a will. A strangled shriek came from
that hole, a cry that made every scalp
within yards draw tight and prickle. The
hole erupted a man with a slicker flying,
who made for the prodder, but the latter
fled, and the man who had shrieked did not
follow, but limped about moaning and utter-
ing burning words. Nell recognized Good-
rich.

  “My boil!” cried the poor man in answer
to some one’s question. “He poked his —■—
rifle right into it! I thought he’d run his
bayonet through me!”

  It was quite light now, though the mist
was heavy, and Nell could see something of
the nature of the ground. They were in a
H

Adventure

thin wood, a sort of park, with considerable
space between the trees and with no brush.
There was much litter on the ground, belts,
packs, rifles, Chaucat ammunition carriers,
bandages from first aid packets—there are
two in a packet and when one is used there
is nothing to do with the other but throw it
away — tin cans that had contained hard-
tack, and innumerable slickers.

  The rest of the battalion were invisible, but
in that particular part of the woods Nell
could see his own squad, sleepily rubbing
their eyes, and enough other men to let him
know that a platoon was being organized.

  The platoon commander was a young
man, much younger even than Nell, but
the sergeant who was assisting him was an
old timer wifh grizzled hair. They were
hurrying about inspecting ammunition belts,
putting a Chaucat gunner in a different
place, finding a bayonet on the ground for
a man who had lost his, handing out fist-
fuls of rifle ammunition to men who stuffed
their pockets with the clips, and keeping up
a running fire of comment and advice the
while. The officer suddenly espied Nell and
came over to him.

  “Aren’t you one of the replacements?”
he asked.

  “Yessir,” said Nell.

  “Do you know how to work your rifle?”

  “Yessir.”

  “Let me see you load it.”

  Nell did so and the officer, satisfied, gave
a grunt.

  “You’d be surprized how many times we
get men that don’t know how to load their
rifle,” he went on. “And that’s not only bad
for them, but for all of us. You’d think they’d
have more sense in the replacement camps.
There, the sergeant’s found a novice!”

THE officer hurried away to
where the sergeant was giving a
short dissertation on the rifle to
one of the men who had come up
with Nell the day before. Whether the man
was getting what was told him did not ap-
pear, but the sergeant left him and hurried
to another.

  The reason for such a sad state of affairs
was that this division was armed with the
model 1903 rifle, and the replacements
were invariably trained with the model
1917, which, while not very greatly differ-
ent, is exceedingly so to one not familiar
with firearms.

 “Ain’t that-commented Curran.

  Nell knew it was he, for he had his brass
vase under his arm.

  “Now these poor goops that joined yes-
terday don’t know what they’re doin’ here,
they don’t know what their bayonet is for,
an’ the best they can hope for is to stop a
bullet in some place where it won’t do much
harm.”

  “Well, if they stop one that might hit a
better man they done their duty,” said
Spagett.

  “Yeh,” agreed Curran, “but most usually
the bullet goes right through ’em and hits
the better man just the same.”

  “Well, you stay in front o’ me then, it
won’t go through both of you.”

  “You first, Alphonse,” said Curran. “I
got a vase I don’t want spoiled by no demon
machine-gunner. ’ ’

  There was a sharp blast of the whistle
and the men began to move off, each squad
in single file, threading among the trees.

  “Where are we going now?” asked Nell.

  “Gonna eat,” said a man who was another
member of the squad that Nell had not
heard speak before.

  The squad laughed heartily and got a re-
proving look from the officer, who was some
distance away, and a growl from the ser-
geant, who was following along behind.
After that they moved in silence, stepping
carefully, avoiding thickets, holding their
breath, and waiting, waiting, like hunters
nearing the game.

  The men all had their rifles slung, this
Nell noticed, but he also noticed the Chau-
cat gunner. He had his rifle slung, but its
muzzle pointed to the front and the but
was against his hip.

  Nell felt a slight increase in the number of
his heart beats. These men were going
into action and he was going with them.
He would like to dump his pack, but the
sergeant was behind and would probably
make him take it up again.

  Rap-rap-rap - rap - rap - RA P - RA P - RA P
RAP! Every man went down.

  “Off packs!” cried the corporal. “The

looey forgot it or he don’t give a-, but

take ’em off now!”

  Nell undid the hooks of his pack carrier
and thrusting his finger through the loop of
the strap that held his blanket roll to the
rest of his pack, pulled it out, and his blan-
ket roll and shelter half came away.

  There was another rapping that swelled
A Sergeant of Cavalry

*5

as it continued into a steady roar, then
stopped. There was a crying in the mist,
like hurt children.

  “It ain’t us,” muttered Spagett, “it’s
over on the left. When they shoot at us
you can hear the bullets tickin’ on the trees
and the none of our guys ain’t hollered for
first aid.”

  Blam! Babablam!

  “There goes the grenades,” called the cor-
poral over his shoulder. “Ready now!”
There was a short blast of the whistle and
the men got to their feet. Most of them
were hooking their suspender straps into
their belts again, and some had thrown
away pack, blankets and all. Such a one
was Goodrich, and the corporal took him
severely to task.

 “You’ll be--good and hungry to-
night with no rations,” said he, “and belly-
achin’ because the guys that lugged their
packs all day won’t give you none o’ theirs.”
“I ain’t got no appetite,” said Goodrich,
“my boil keeps me too amused. I ain’t got
no mind for nothin’ but it. Anyways
there’ll be plenty to eat for them that can

eat it by night—huh? Whathe-!”

  “Here!” shouted the officer. “Don’t shoot!
Don’t a man fire! They didn’t fire at us!

Here,-you, let them alone!”

  He ran forward and Nell’s astonished eye
saw him seize a man by the scruff of the
neck and haul him back bodily. Then, as
people sometimes blink their eyes to make
sure the vision, Nell rubbed his eyes to be
sure he really saw what he thought he did.

  Yes, the vision still persisted. There
was a group of men, clad in gray uniforms
that made them hard to see in the fog,
standing with their hands in the air. There
seemed to be a lot of them, but Nell could
not count how many. He tried several
times, but each time lost track. There
were almost a dozen anyway.

  They stood, grinning foolishly, not sure
that they would not be butchered out of
hand. The men seemed half inclined to
put them to the bayonet, but the officer had
said, “No!” and after all, these jerries had
surrendered without firing, so that it was
hardly fair to kill them.

Nf As he went by, Nell saw the pit and the
reels of ammunition, and the tripod. The
gun was lying in the bottom of the pit, not
even mounted, so that it would be plain to
the advancing Americans that this particu-
lar gun crew meant them no harm.

  “They’re licked,” said Curran. “We
won’t have no trouble with ’em now.”

  “This ain’t no kind of a fight, anyway,”
remarked Spagett. “Where’s our barrage?”
“Off in the woods about a mile, like it al-
ways is,” said Curran. “They can’t make
me mad. The farther away it is, the less
chance o’ them dizzy artillerymen droppin’
it on us.”

  A machine-gun buzzed under their feet
like a rattler. They dived to earth and
Nell thought every one must be hit. The
gun chattered steadily, then stopped, spat
again, then silence. The gunners were
waiting for the men to start forward again.
Nell flattened himself. He was not afraid,
but quite excited, and eager to see more of
this affair, hence he hated to think he might
be hit at this early stage.

  Now what? The men lay face down.
He could see a pair of hob-nailed soles that
belonged to Spagett, and the hills and val-
leys of a form that must be Goodrich, al-
though his face was hidden behind a bush.
None of them moved a muscle.

  At intervals the gun scolded. Nell finally
began to think he could tell where it was.
It was off to the right, about opposite the
first squad, perhaps. Just as he came to
this conclusion, he felt a hand on his ankle.

  “Fourth squad, on your way,” said the
sergeant’s voice. “Take ’em along, Meade.
It is over to the right a little ways.”

  Nell felt a thrill such as he remembered
when he was a recruit and was getting his
first instruction in jumping a horse. “You
next,” the corporal had said, and away the
horse had taken Nell, to what he did not
know, except that he knew it was going to
be very unpleasant, not to say disagreeable.

  So the squad went forward and Nell with
them. He saw Spagett making ready a
round ball-like thing that he knew very
well was a grenade. On the other side of
him crawled Curran, his brass vase strapped
where his blankets had been, in the same
manner that a mountain-gun is strapped to
the jug-head that carries it.

  These two, thought Nell, were always
near him, these two and Goodrich. By
accident or design? Undoubtedly design.
They had surrounded him with old, tried
campaigners, as a green colt is put in a set of
fours with three veteran troop horses, in
order that he may take pattern by their
calm and steady bearing whenever some-
thing new and strange startles him, which,
16

Adventure

without their quieting presence, might drive
him into a frenzy of fright.

  And he, a sergeant of cavalry, did not
even know how to handle a grenade, and
was not to be trusted with one, lest he do
injury to his comrades.

  Then he saw the gun.

        THE Boche were just ahead of
them in a shallow trench. The
gun was on the parapet and the
mCn that were serving it were ly-
ing listening. The gun was aimed directly at
them. He could even look down the muzzle.

  The gun was huge and round, a large cyl-
inder, with a tiny horn projecting from the
muzzle, and a plug, with a little chain hang-
ing from it. The gunner sat on the tripod,
his body invisible, but his boots and gray
clad legs stuck around the side. There was
a hole in one of his trouser knees.

  Beside the gun a man knelt, looking into
the fog with an anxious expression. There
was another man on the opposite side of the
gun, just his head visible, his nose in the air
like a dog’s, smelling the wind. The gun-
ners knew that attempts were being made
to surround them, and they hesitated to
fire lest they shoot in the wrong direction,
and thus disclose their position.

  Nell held his breath until his ears roared.
It seemed that those Germans must be able
to see him, why, he could see their buttons,
even, and the breast of the man’s coat rising
and falling as he breathed. Suddenly the
kneeling man pointed, his arm darting out
like a striking snake.

  The gun swung to the left and the bullets
began to climb up the belt and disappear in
the breach, like a moving staircase. Spa-
gett’s arm snapped up and back, but Nell
did not see the grenade go. Spagett must
have only signaled, for there was no explo-
sion. An unseen German gave a sharp cry
that was drowned in a thunderclap of noise.
White smoke boiled from the trench and
with a shout, the squad rushed forward.

  Nell, not knowing the tactics of silencing
machine-guns, was not ready for the rush
and so was a little slower than the rest.
When he arrived at the gun there was noth-
ing to be seen but a tangled heap of bodies,
the machine-gun still pointing to the left
into the woods, and little spirals of smoke
curling up from the shattered ground.

 “Jump in the trench,” said Meade.
“Keep low till the other one gets goin’!”

  Some men rushed in from the woods and
jumped down. They were the men of the
right of the company.

 “Did they get many of yuh?” asked
Meade.

  “Two,” said the newcomers. “They seen
us an’ we couldn’t duck.”

  “Well we fixed ’em,” said the corporal.
“Get under now, this ain’t the gun we was
after; there’s another one round here some-
wheres. Lay low till it starts. Where’s
the rest o’ the outfit?”

  The men in the trench listened. They
could hear men moving through the woods,
the faint crash of grenades, and machine-
guns firing on the left.

  “It’s time we was gettin’ on,” said the
corporal of the second squad. “We don’t
want to get left.”

  “I tell you there’s another gun around
here,” said Corporal Meade, “and I don’t
crave to go on and leave it.”

  “Well, let’s buscar round a bit then.”

  “I know a better way,” said Meade.

  Here he nodded his head wisely and
winked.

  “Gonna'turn the gun on ’em?” suggested
Spagett.

  “Nope, there’s too many of our guys
runnin’ round in this fog.”

  “Come on,” said the other corporal,
“there ain’t no more guns, let’s get on.”
“We can wait here ten minutes,” said
Meade, “or more, an’ then catch up with the
platoon. They won’t go so awful.fast I
don’t think. Well, now, let’s wait here
and not say a word and see what happens
in five minutes. Let’s you an’ me skip
rocks.”

  The men of the fourth squad grinned.
This sort of thing was evidently a common
enough thing to them.

  They sat on the parapet or strained their
eyes into the fog. The men of the other
squad stayed in the trench, their rifles
ready, listening. The two corporals began
to throw stones ahead of them into the
woods. Nell watched with intense curios-
ity. He knew that some deep-laid plan
was afoot, but what it was he did not know.

  The stones were thrown a few feet beyond
the trench, then a little farther, and then
still farther into the woods. It occurred to
Nell that the sound of them striking the
ground was similar to the little sounds men
would make if they were moving very cau-
tiously through the woods.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

17

  Tack-tack-tackl The men on the parapet
threw themselves on the ground and began
to wriggle in the direction of the sound.

  “It’s in the trench,” whispered Meade.

  The other corporal nodded and his men
began to creep very slowly along the bottom
of the trench.

  Blam! A wild yell and the machine-gun
barking. It fired a long time, almost a
minute, then stopped. Nell heard the men
about him growling in their throats. Evi-
dently a rush had failed. Rooting out
these guns was not as easy as it might ap-
pear. The fog made it difficult to tell
where the gun was by the sound of it, and
it was very possible that it was not in the
trench, but in front or in back of it.

  Meade cast a handful of stones into the
woods and was rewarded by another burst
of fire from the gun. He held up his hand
for attention and then pointed over the
trench wall. The men went up, one by one,
and Nell wondered why it should be so cold
on top of the ground when it had been quite
comfortable in the trench.

  The men he was with were on the back of
the trench, and Spagett and Goodrich, with
one or two others, had crawled along the
opposite side or front. The corporal threw
some more stones and again the gun re-
sponded, this time with terrific noise. It
must be under their very noses. Nell could
not see it, but the corporal must have
been able to, for he took a grenade from his
pocket and held it up so that all might see.

  The others each took a grenade and as
the corporal hurled his, followed his ex-
ample. Nell gathered his legs under him
for the rush. This time he was going to be
there as soon as any of them. The grenades
exploded with glorious roar, much too close
for comfort, for when Nell leaped to his feet,
he heard a piece of one buzz by his ear.

  There was a man by Nell’s side and as the
two rushed forward, Nell heard a sound as
though some one had struck this man with
a fist. The man went down in a heap.
Nell heard the gun hammering and some
one crying to him to lie down. A single
look around showed him men diving to
earth, leaping to shelter of trees, or disap-
pearing into the trench.

  He got behind a tree and tried to push
himself into the ground. The ground was
too hard and his gas mask in the way.
When the gun fired, he could hear the bul-
lets thudding into the tree.

  3

  This was discouraging to say the least.
Nell dared not move an inch. The rush
had disorganized the squads so that the cor-
porals could no longer control them, and
each man did as he saw fit. There was a
great deal of indiscriminate grenade throw-
ing, some rifle firing, and occasional yelling.
There was a little shoot, a sucker, growing
out of the tree root about two inches from
Nell’s head. When the top half of this
sucker jumped slightly and then fell to the
ground, Nell gave a gasp and decided to re-
treat. He inched his way backward, keep-
ing the tree between him and the enemy.
Things were too warm right there.

MEANWHILE time was flying.
The mist was beginning to burn
off and the woods were getting
lighter and hotter. Nell wished
he could unhook his blouse collar but he
dared not raise up enough to get at it. He
began to wonder if he would get out of this
alive, and how long the squad would stay
there, and what there was to be done if the
machine-gun could not be captured.

  Then beyond the trench a way he heard a
coughing explosion, a sound like a man fall-:
ing down a flight of stairs, and a crash as
though the supposed man had landed on a
pile of tin pans. A most tremendous cloud
of smoke boiled up, there was a wild yell,
and men began running past him. Nell
jumped up and joined them.

  There was a great deal of shouting, cries

of “Heire they are, the-,” “Don’t that

beat-!” and “Don’t gang up, men, don’t

gang up, there are other guns about!”

  There was a pushing crowd there, men
coming in trying to see, and men going away
trying to shove back the newcomers. A
man with captain’s bars pinned to the
pocket of his blouse began to take men by
the shoulder and shove them bodily away,
and Corporal Meade appearing, he gathered
Nell and the rest of his squad, and led them
back the way they had come. Spagett and
Goodrich appeared from somewhere and
Curran with his vase.

  “You want to shake that —-— thing,”
said the corporal, “ ’cause when the sun
comes out it’s goin’ to shine on it and give
us all away. Now no more talkin’. These
guns are gettin’ thick an’ we make noise
enough without chewin’ the rag.”

  Then, though Nell was burning to ask
what had happened and how the gun had
i8

Adventure

been destroyed, they went forward in si-
lence, listening, halting and looking care-
fully about, and going forward again.

  From time to time Nell would hear whistles
blown, two together, then two more blasts,
and each time the corporal would hearken
till he located the sound, and several times
he changed the direction of the march.

  Nell decided that the whistle was the
platoon’s commanders, and that he was
blowing it to let the squads know the proper
direction to take. Sometimes they heard
distant firing, shouts, the crashing of gre-
nades, but in front of them there was no
resistance.

  They captured two pallid youths with a
light machine-gun, and dragged a man from
under a bush—what he was doing there was
a mystery—but except for that they saw no
enemy.

  The woods grew thinner and finally ended
on the edge of a small field, on the other
side of which they began again. The sun
was out now and blazing cheerfully.

  “Hold up a minute for the rest of the
gang,” directed the corporal. “We don’t
want to start across this pasture all by our
lonesome. There may be Boche in the
farther woods.”

  “There they go,” announced one of the
other men suddenly, pointing to a line of
men starting out from the woods.

  “Come on,” said the corporal, and they
went out across the field, for all the world
like a crowd of picnickers.

  Five steps they took, and a low moan wel-
comed them, a moan that became a shriek,
and as every man hit the ground, ended in a
short sharp explosion. Nell raised his head.
There was a cloud of black smoke drifting
away and men getting up and moving for-
ward again.

  “Good enough,” said the corporal, looking
all around to see that his squad was intact.
“I guess there’s no more machine-guns if
they’ve begun to shell us.”

  “How do you suppose they see us?” asked
Spagett. “I don’t see no balloon.”

   “I can give a guess,” said the corporal.

  He tipped his head back and shading his
eyes with his hand, looked into the sky.

  “I thought so,” he muttered. “See
the-?”

  He pointed and Nell could see a tiny far
away gleaming thing, no larger than a bird,
a bird that wheeled and dipped and circled
and hovered over them, very, very high.

  “That’s a plane,” said the corporal to
Nell. “He’s directin’ the Boche artillery.”
“Won’t our guys drive him away?” asked
Nell.

  All laughed harshly.

  “Let ’em try it,” said one scornfully.
Another shell arrived and after flopping
until it had burst, the line went forward
again.

  “They don’t hit any one,” said Nell.
“The bunch all get right up again.”

  “The guys that are hit don’t,” said the
corporal. “See them stretcher bearers?”
He pointed to a pair of men with a long
pole-like affair over their shoulders. As
Nell watched, these men put down their
pole and kneit in the grass.

  “They’re right on the job,” observed
Nell.

  “Oh, it’s early in the day yet; they ain’t
lost their courage,” said Spagett.

  “I wonder would they have anything good
for a boil?” said Goodrich. “I’ve a good
mind to ask ’em.”

  “I’ll cure it for you,” said the corporal,
pretending to unfix his bayonet. “Where
is it?”

  “Uh,” said Goodrich, “it ain’t no joke,
believe me. I wish you had it on the end of
your nose.”

  Into more woods, where they were de-
layed a while by some wire, but the wire had
no defenders and after the stretch of wood
had been crossed, the men came to a field,
gleaming hot under the sun, and on the far
side of the field could see a town.

  A road entered the town, its course
marked by telephone poles with their porce-
lain insulators glittering, and when one
stepped a little to one side he could see a
second town behind the first. A long blast
of the whistle and the line lay down. Shells
fell at irregular intervals, but there was no
other firing, and the white houses of the
town gleamed peacefully.

  “There’s our meat,” said Spagett, “that
town. I bet we’re goin’ to take it.”

  “If the Boche don’t want it,” grunted
the corporal, “but I don’t guess we’ll have
much trouble. Jerry don’t seem to have a
whole lot of pep today.”

  “Say, what happened back there in the
woods,” asked Nell, “when we were held
up so long?”

  “Oh,” cried several at once, “the Boche
had chicken wire over their gun.”

  “Chicken wire?”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

19

  “Yeh,” said the corporal. “They have a
big piece of chicken wire on a slant, held up
by poles, and when you throw a grenade at
it, it bounces back. The harder you throw
it, the harder it bounces. Then when you
jump up to rush, they let you have a fistful
of bullets.”

  “Gee, they nailed young Bottle to the
mast all right!” said one of the men. “He
stopped about six bullets.”

  Nell looked around in astonishment.
Sure enough, one of the men was gone, the
man called Bottle, and there were only six
and the corporal left.

  “Well,” went on the corporal, “we’d have
been there yet, only some one in the other
company got word to a trench mortar an’
they come up and put the skids to ’em.
One o’ them bombs is worser than a shell.
It knocks everything within twenty yards
for a crape. Here comes the old man,
how’s every one fixed for reserve rations
and ammunition?”

  The captain, accompanied by the platoon
commander, was going along the line in-
inspecting the men.

_ “Every man have plenty of ammuni-
tion,” said he. “I want you corporals to
be on the job. We’ve got a battle ahead of
us and any man that lays down I’ll speak to
him about it. God help any one that gets
gassed or has shell shock. He’ll wish he
was dead and no mistake. You might as
well eat a meal now, but don’t waste any
food; you’ll wish you had it later.”

THE men thereupon took out
their cans of hardtack and opened
some beans, which, spread on the
hardtack, went very well. This
was breakfast and dinner combined, and
they had for accompaniment the shells
bursting between them and the riverbank.

  “Wouldn’t you think they’d have brains
enough to shell the woods?” asked Nell.
“They must know we’re in here.”

  “That’s Fritz’ way of tellin’ us we’ll be
all right if we stay where we are,” said the
corporal. “If they shelled us here it
wouldn’t make no difference whether we
stayed here or went out and chased across
the field, but when a guy knows that he
ain’t goin’ to get shelled in the woods, he
ain’t too eager to run out of ’em and once he
gets out he’ll come back right priesa the first
minute he gets the chance. I don’t think
we’ll have any trouble, though. Fritz is

moving back his guns and won’t have very
many to bother us with.”

  “Here’s action!” cried Spagett.

  He pointed back in the woods a way,
where a group of officers were standing
together.

  “That’s the battalion P. C.,” said the
corporal. “Every one remember where
they saw it, we may need to send a runner
back some time.”

  “There’s a runner just come in to them,”
said Spagett. “I bet he brought an attack
order.”

  “That’s what,” agreed every one. “There
go the company runners.”

  Men began to run from the group to all
points of the compass, forward to the as-
sault companies and back to the support.
All the men began hastily to strap up their
haversacks, look to their rifles and the ad-
justment of helmet and gas mask.

  There was a long moment of tense wait-
ing, then the soft trill of the whistle, and the
line went forward at the platoon com-
mander’s signal. They marched to the
edge of the woods, they left the woods and
entered the field, they proceeded through
the field.

  “No business,” said the corporal hone-
fully.

  “Betcha they’re settin’ their s-s-sights!”
remarked Curran, his voice shaking ever so
slightly.

  Machine-guns began to mutter over on
the left. The gunners in the town 'were
firing on the troops in that section of the
advance, but in front of Nell’s company
there was no excitement. Then, suddenly,
like the first drops of rain before a thunder
shower, a few shells burst here and there.

  While the smoke of them still curled
about, the enemy barrage began. The
shells sounded like a horse walking on a
hard pavement, and they fell with about
the same speed and regularity as the sup-
posed horse would put down his feet one
after the other. Nell noticed that the men
were not lying down for the shells now. '

  Indeed, if they did they would spend all
their time lying down and getting up and
would have none left for the advance. Nell
kept his eyes straight to the front and "kept
his feet moving.

  When he heard a man cry out, he did not
look to see what had happened to him.
When a fountain of dirt and smoke leaped
up in front of him, and the dust of it nearly
20

Adventure

blinded him, he kept right on going while
he cleared his eyes. He watched the cor-
poral all the time.

  “If I’m ever going to get my opportu-
nity,” said Nell to himself, “it’ll be sudden,
like all opportunities are. I’m thankful
I’m a cavalryman, they’re trained to recog-
nize the right instant to seize a chance and
turn it to a glorious victory. And if my
chance comes, I want to have some idea
how these doughboys fight. I’d look fat
giving them ‘fours right,’ and ‘prepare to
fight on foot.’ ”

  The advance crossed the road they had
noticed before they left the woods and
took shelter in a ravine on the far side.
The men of the fourth squad lay pant-
ing on the grass and muttered to them-
selves. Curran bound up a puttee that
had come loose.

  “Where the-’s our artillery?” said he.

“Takin’ a day off? I ain’t heard a shell go
all day.”

  “They’re doin’ their stuff,” said Good-
rich. “See up on that hill there?”

  He pointed to a hill beyond the farthest
town, where white clouds told of bursting
shells. The nearest town was almost di-
rectly to their left now, a mass of white
buildings, surrounded by a sort of thin
haze. From time to time white smoke
would float over the roofs or gush from
the windows of a house. In the fields
before the town, Nell could see men
running, advancing, lying down and then
retreating.

  “There’s machine-guns in there,” said
Spagett. “They’re givin’ the second battal-
ion -. If the attack keeps on we won’t

get no notice from there, but if that bat-
talion quits and falls back to reorganize, oh
man, they’ll run us outta these fields like
kids out of a orchard.”

  The advance began again by squads, the
old fashioned squad-rush. One after the
other, the squads jumped to their feet and
ran forward a little way, then lay down.

  “Now then,” said the corporal, “every-
body get set! Come on!”

  They stood up and went forward. Nell
heard a clank and Curran cried out. Nell
looked and saw the other man come to a halt
and try to tie himself in a knot.

  “Come on!” cried the corporal. “This is

no place to match pennies! What the-

you stoppin’ for?”

  “They socked one through my vase!”

panted Curran, running forward again.

  The corporal laughed heartily and when
the squad had come up on the line and laid
down the men rolled with laughter.

  “It ain’t no - joke,” said Curran.

“Hey, can you see where it went?”

  He appealed to Nell, who, turning over,
examined the vase. The bullet had gone
through the base, making a round hole, and
had come out the top without further
damage.

  “It isn’t hurt much,” said Nell. “The
hole is in the bottom. You’d never know
it was there when you set the vase on end.”

  “Well, that’s cheerin’,” said Curran.

  “I don’t know why we’re advancin’ this
way,” commented the corporal. “There
ain’t much fire here. Maybe the rest of the
line is gettin’ it. Well, here we go again!
Come on!”

  After the second rush, the word was
passed along to change direction. The next
rush brought the men across a narrow gage
railroad and found them facing the nearest
town. There was a marsh within a few
yards of them that betokened the presence
of a river. They could also see the ruins of
a bridge between the two towns.

  Faint yelling on the left betokened the
beginning of the assault of the nearest town,
and during the next rush of the squad Nell
could see Americans running about in the
streets.

  The noise of the battle increased tenfold,
as if the enemy snarled in rage at the loss
of the town. Machine-gun fire opened
upon the men from the heights beyond
the farthest town, artillery redoubled its
activity, and great things like pigs be-
gan to sail through the air and fall with
deafening explosions that drowned all other
sound.

  “Minnies an’ machine-guns,” muttered
the men, and began to look questioningly at
the corporal.

  “Don’t get excited,” said he, “they won’t
leave us here very long.”

  He was right, for it was but a minute
before the word came down the line to
fall back to the shelter of the railroad
track, and this the men did, with astonish-
ing celerity.

  “Now I suppose,” said Goodrich, “we dig
in. They couldn’t have picked a better
place for it. All the Boche have to do is to
shoot at the railroad track and they know
they’ll hit us.”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

21

y ^ THE man beside Nell gave a dry
V# '♦M cougb and rolled upon his side,
t^ien ro^ed back again. Good-
rich, who was on the other side of
the man that had coughed, looked at him
intently.

  “This guy’s hit,” said Goodrich. He
rolled the other man on his back. “He’s
dead, too. That leaves six of us, two new
guys and the four old-timers!”

  “See that town across the river,” said
the corporal to cause a diversion. “Don’t
look now, for —;—’s sake, you’ll get one
through your skull, but look the next time
you get a chance. Well, that’s the nut
we’ve got to crack. There won’t be no
counter attack, cause of the river. When
we get across that brook, watch out for a
hot time.”

  Farther down the track some men were
trying to dig in, but so many were hit that
the attempt was given up.

  “I hope we don’t stay here long,” con-
tinued.the corporal. “If we should get the
order to fall back to the woods, I wouldn’t
be a bit disappointed. Then we could
come out again after dark. This is fierce.
We can’t even get a chance to dig a hole.”
“Well, what are we waiting for?” cried
Nell, after a long time.

  The inaction was getting on his nerves.
It was not so bad to advance, even if the
fire was hot, for he was moving, getting
down and getting up, and the physical effort
required helped to keep his mind from the
danger, but while he lay on the ground and
heard the shells strike, and the machine-gun
hammering, and the men calling, he began
to feel his courage weaken.

  “Don’t get in a sweat,” advised Good-
rich. “We’ll do our stuff soon enough.
We’re waitin’ while the'artillery shells some
of those Boche guns and those minnies up
on the hill there. Then when we move out
the goin’ won’t be so rough.”

  Then in response to some signal that
Nell did not see, the corporal retired like a
crab, backward, and went out of sight.

  “Non-coms front and center,” suggested
Spagett. “Now we’ll have some fun!”
When the corporal returned the expres-
sion of his face betokened anything but fun.

  “This platoon’s going over as a patrol,”
said he, “advance by individuals. Proceed
at the whistle. The general attack won’t
be made until tomorrow, because the en-
gineers have got to put up a bridge. Now

then, Curran, take off that - piece of

brass pipe, because they can see you going
through the reeds with it .and you’ll be
killed. Now take it off!”

  This being a direct order and disobedi-
ence to it a serious thing, Curran took off the
vase. Then he inspected his gas mask, ad-
justed his belt and made ready.

  “Go ahead,” said the corporal. “Good-
rich, you follow him in three minutes. I’ll
give you the word.”

  “I’m glad that boil o’ mine is in back and
not in front,” said Goodrich.

  “Some Boche may save yuh the trouble of
havin’ it cut,” laughed Spagett.

  “That’s right,” agreed the other.
“That’ll be a comfortin’ thought every time
I cross a open space.”

  Goodrich got away into the marsh, and
the corporal turned to Nell. “You new
man, there—er—Colburn, you're next.”
When the corporal nodded, looking up
from his wrist watch, Nell, taking his bear-
ings from the church steeple in a town to
the left rear, slid over the railroad track
and into the marsh. It was a lot like diving
into cold water, the worst of it was getting
in. After he had begun to crawl he had no
apprehension, only a lively interest as to
what it was going to be like across the river.

  “This scouting,” said Nell to himself,
“is something I can understand. I may not
savvy very much about taking machine-
guns, but when it comes to making a recon-
naissance or knocking over a few with the
rifle, I won’t stand back for any of ’em.”

  He got through the marsh without any
more excitement than a bath of mud when a
shell burst within a yard of him and came
out on the riverbank, where the rushes were
very high, and where the pitch of the op-
posite bank protected him both from ob-
servation and fire.

  He could see down the river here, to
where soldiers were crossing on the frag-
ments of the old bridge. They crept along,
swinging under the arches, jumping from
one junk of shattered masonry to the other,
some wading waist deep, and when they had
reached the far bank they crawled up and
disappeared' over the edge. As well as
Nell could see, the crossing was not being
opposed. Up river was a sharp bend.

  “Now,” said Nell, “I’ve crossed a few
rivers in my time, and I don’t think they’re
much different here than they are in Mexico.
I’ll bet there’s a ford below that bend.”
22

Adventure

  He crawled up the rushes a way, though
it was terribly hot and the rushes like so
many knives slashing at his face, and when
he sounded cautiously with his leg, he
found a ford, sure enough. There must be a
bar there going diagonally across to the far
bank. It was not very wide, though, and it
petered out a little when it got to the other
bank, but it was a good place to know about,
and Nell tied a strip of bandana handker-
chief to a bunch of rushes so that he could
find the ford again if he were returning in a
hurry.

  If he had been a more experienced soldier,
that is, more experienced fighting machine-
guns, he would have looked very carefully
for strings or wires near that ford, that
would give the alarm to guarding machine
guns, but he did not look for them, and
even when he saw a piece of broken string
floating in the current on the far side of the
ford, he thought nothing of it.

  When Nell came under the shelter of the
other bank he removed his helmet, put his
arm through the chin strap, and unslung
his rifle.

  “Now then, forward the light brigade,”
said he, and gritting his teeth and pushing
his rifle ahead of him, he eased his way
slowly into the rushes, and as the ground be-
came firmer and rose higher, he bent lower
and lower until he crept along on his
stomach.

  He was in a field of uncut wheat here,
nearly breast high. He passed a lane, a
place in the wheat where some one had cut
a swathe, seemingly clear through the field.
It went nearly a hundred yards in one direc-
tion and in the other ended at the riverbank.

 “Now what the - is that for?”

thought Nell. “It must be a path for those
squareheads to go down to the bank and
back on.”

THE path was a fire lane cut by
the Boche for their machine-guns
and so constructed that a man
crossing it at night, a man or a
rat even, would be silhouetted against the
sky at the far end and the wary gunners at
the other end could make a sieve out of him.

  The former cavalryman, however, went
unscathed. He began to grow confident
and to forget that he was on a very danger-
ous mission. The wheat was thick and he
could not see the death that was all around
him. Suddenly he came upon a place

where another man had crushed the wheat
down as he crawled.

 Aha! The hunter hunted! Who had
done it, German or Yank? Nell would
discover. He listened. No sound of move-
ment or of breath. He drew one knee under
him and straightened it. No sound. Again
he drew up his knee and shoved his body
forward. Silence. He rolled upon his
stomach and stiffened as if an electric cur-
rent had passed through him.

  “A Boche!” his brain howled. “A Boche!”

  Outwardly he held his breath.

  In front of him, scarcely four yards away,
he could see through the stalks of wheat
the broken outline of a man. The man was
clad in gray, a dirty gray that was almost
black. He lay on his stomach, his feet out
of sight in the wheat on one side and his
head out of sight in the other. He must
have been the man who had made the track
that Nell was following.

  Nell hesitated to attack this man. He
might give away the fact that there were
Americans in the wheat. In addition, this
Boche might be the point of an advance
guard, or a flanker for a company. On the
other hand, it would not be wise to leave
him unmolested, to go back and report.

  If he was a connecting file, a flanker or a
scout, the battle would be on, but that was
a chance that Nell must take. He began
to crawl, dragging himself with his elbows
closer and closer to the German.

  It was five yards to where the German lay
and Nell proceeded at the rate of a yard a
minute. He could swear, however, that it
took him an hour to get close enough to the
Boche to see the barrel of a light machine
gun. Nell thereupon estimated the situa-
tion, as the books say. He had a yard to
go. The Boche was facing away from him,
his head resting on his arm, squinting along
the barrel of his gun. Nell could rush the
last yard and bayonet the other man before
he could have time to swing the gun about
to bear on Nell.

  Here, without waiting for command from
Nell’s brain, his legs gave him a tremendous
heave forward, his bayonet flashed in the
sun and zipped into the ground under the
German’s arm, as clean a miss as ever red
flag waved for. Nell felt as if a bucket of
ice water had been dumped over him, and
letting go his rifle and still moving with the
momentum of his rush, he leaped upon the
German’s back and seized the other about
A Sergeant of Cavalry

23

the throat with every ounce of strength that
he could muster.

  “Hey!” said a voice. “Git offa him!

I	killed him five minutes ago.”

  A wrathful face peered from the wheat,
a lean, hard face, with high cheek bones and
lantern jaw, a face surmounted with a steel
helmet of American design. Nell got off.
He realized the German was dead the in-
stant his hands had seized his throat.
Without a word Nell wiped his hands on the
German’s blouse, very carefully, finger by
finger, recovered his rifle, and joined the
man in the wheat.

  “What the- d’yuh mean makin’ all

that noise?” whispered the other man.

  “How would I know he was dead?” re-
plied Nell. “Did you expect me to ask
him?”

  The other man grunted scornfully.
Swiftly he flattened himself on the ground,
all but his head, but he kept his face up and
resting his chin on the ground scowled very
fiercely straight to the front. Nell followed
his example. He could hear a number of
men coming toward them through the
wheat. The newcomers came cautiously
along, the sound of them showing that they
were moving very slowly on hands and
knees.

  Nell noticed that the other man had no
rifle, but held a long triangular knife with a
very large guard in one hand, and a bomb
in the other. Nell looked at the blade of
the knife and then looked rapidly away
again. He clenched his fists and ground his
teeth one upon the other, but in vain.

  War is tough on the stomach in more ways
than one, and the sight of a knife blade still
smoking from a jugular vein is liable to up-
set the strongest. When Nell was himself
again he shook the tears from his eyes and
prepared to do battle. The hard-boiled
man with him glared at him with naked
teeth.

  “-!” he hissed.

  There was silence in the wheat. The
other men had heard and halted. There
was a thud and Nell’s startled eye beheld a
black pear-shaped object just under his
nose, a thing of metal, cut into many tiny
squares. The thing sizzled like a boiling
kettle. A hand licked out and the bomb
was gone. Bong! It exploded some dis-
tance away and stones and little bits of
wheat stalk rained down on Nell and the
hard-boiled man.

  “Come on,” said the hard-boiled man in a
low voice, “we’re a couple of Yanks!” and
he gave the name of his company com-
mander.

  The wheat parted and lo, appeared
Corporal Meade, with Spagett, Goodrich,
Curran, the platoon commander, non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers. They spoke
profanely.

  “What are you doing here?” asked the
corporal.

  “I came across at a ford,” said Nell, “and
came right along.”

  “You certainly went fast,” said the lieu-
tenant. “I’d advise you not to make so
much noise. We thought you were Boche
and threw a bomb at you. We had no
idea you’d be up here so soon. We didn’t
know there was any one in front of us.
Come, no more talking. Let’s get where
we can see something. The wheat ends
pretty soon.”

  Then he led the way forward about ten
yards, where the wheat stopped at a low
belt of barbed wire. They all lay down,
while the officer reconnoitered.

  Nell could see, through the stalks of
wheat, green hills striped with yellow and
bands of darker green, sweeping up to the
sky in the distance. Lower down a row
of poplars marked a road, the road itself
hidden by a railroad embankment. The
town was on the left, half hidden by
trees, but with the outlying houses painly
visible.

  Nell noticed how silent and peaceful
everything looked. It did not seem pos-
sible that there was a fight going on. Yet
the distant heights were wreathed in smoke
from the bursting shells, and the houses of
the town shone through a faint haze, a sort
of blur, like the heat waves that rise in
front of a man’s sights on the target range.
Machine-guns were doing their duty there
and doing it nobly.

  “Heads up,” whispered the returning
lieutenant. “I think we can make it to
that railroad track; there doesn’t seem
to be any one in the fields. The firing
in the town is all on the men trying to
cross up there. I think we would have
been fired on before now if there was any-
thing stirring here. Now we’ll cross the
field by twos at intervals of about ten
yards. I’ll lead. This wire out here isn’t
very thick and we can get through it all
right. I’ve cut a lane.”
24

Adventure

AWAY went the lieutenant and
after him two more. The pla-
toon sergeant timed the advanc-
ing men and sent out the next
two men when he thought proper.

  “These guys aren’t so wise after all,”
thought Nell. “If they were sent to re-
connoiter the north bank, then they’ve gone
too far inland. And if they were sent to
get contact with the enemy, the patrol is too
weak. That looey is going to keep on until
he gets himself into trouble.”

  Nell looked about him for a way of re-
treat in case of need. The wheat was no
place to go, for, though it shielded a man
from observation, it would not protect him
from gun-fire and a little sweeping from
machine-guns would dispose of all the men
hiding in it.

  It was Nell’s turn to go before he had
made up his mind what to do. He had
joined his squad and found himself beside
Spagett. Neither spoke to the other, but
crept across the field, 'fheir faces were
strained and their eyes fixed on the railroad
track as a man, swimming and not very sure
of reaching the shore keeps his eyes on the
beach.

  Nell kept wondering what he could do in
case of accident. He had come up to the
front for a distinct purpose, but that pur-
pose was not to get himself killed. At last
they reached the railroad embankment and
turning about in its shelter, they could lay
on their backs agaUst it and look back at
their own lines while they waited for the rest
of the men to cross the wheat. The far
bank of the river seemed a long way off.

  “Corporal,” said the lieutenant, “skip
over the track and see what’s on the other
side. We might as well be doing some-
thing while we’re waiting for the rest of the
men.”

  The corporal got up and crouching as low
as he could, climbed the railroad bank.
Nell’s roving eye discovered an arch of
smoke-stained granite that was built into
the side of the embankment.

  “Me for that place,” he thought, “when
the fun begins.”

  There was a scurrying sound from the
top of the embankment and a piece of bal-
last rolled down, clattering. The corporal
appeared with white face and bulging eyes.

  “Hey!” he cried. “The whole German
army’s on the other side o’ this thing an’
cornin’ like —-—!”

  The men leaped to their feet, but before
the officer could utter a word, a mass of
men poured over the track like a wave over
a sandbar. The Germans looked like a lot
at first sight, like a young army, but when
the Americans leaped to their feet and be-
gan shooting, they discovered that there
were not so many after all.

  The Germans were considerably taken
aback at seeing so many of their enemies
and almost before the fight started it was
over, the Germans going back across the
track and the Americans being pulled down
off the bank by the officer. Nell had not
fired a shot.

  “Come on,” cried the officer. “They’ll be
back with their friends in a minute; let’s be
going! Now what the-!”

  In the field, the men who had been crawl-
ing when the tight started, had leaped to
their feet to come to their comrades’ assis-
tance. Several of them lay plainly in view,
but in that tossed-away, all-in-a-heap atti-
tude that means but one thing.

 “Who the - done that?” muttered

the men.

  Two more men out in the field leaped to
their feet and made a dash for the wheat.
They threw themselves to earth after run-
ning a short distance, but did not get up
again, and the Americans under the rail-
road could see that they were motionless.

  “Look at the wheat!” said Nell.

  The wheat swayed and rippled as if it
bowed before a strong breeze, but there was
no breeze in that hot lifeless air. Nell lis-
tened. The clatter of machine-guns was
clear and distinct. They were searching
that wheat and when they got through,
there would not be so much as a field mouse
alive in all that sector of river bank.

  A stick bomb, a German contraption that
looks like a potato masher, clattered down
the stones of the embankment. The officer
seized it and tossed it back, none too soon,
for it exploded in air and one of the Yanks
was hit by the fragments.

  “I say over there,” called a voice with a
very British accent, “you’d better surren-
der, you know, or we’ll make proper giblets
out of you.”

  “Come on over and try it,” called the
lieutenant.

  He hurled a bomb straight into the air as
high as he could.

  “They won’t throw that back,” he cried.

  The bomb rushed back to earth on the
A Sergeant of Cavalry

25

other side of the track and by the sound
exploded about a foot above the ground.

  “Everybody!” cried the officer. “Let ’em
have it!”

  Over the bombs went, the sound of them
like a young barrage.

  “Now then,” shouted the officer, “every
man for himself! Into the ditch and follow
it to the river!”

  There was a ditch that ran from the cul-
vert Nell had noticed, down to the wheat,
where it disappeared. It was a very shal-
low one and Nell wondered why he had not
crossed it in the wheat. Perhaps it turned
in a different direction when it got out of
sight.

  Nell had hesitated a few seconds to get
his bearings, and so was a little behind the
others as they rushed for the shelter of the
ditch. Machine-guns cackled excitedly and
the men began to drop.

  The officer was hit, he went to his knees,
and Nell saw the bullets whip through his
blouse as he used to watch them make
holes in a paper target when he was marking
in the butts. The men began to throw away
their rifles.

  “Here! Cut that out!” roared Corporal
Meade. “Keep your heads! Into the ditch!”

  The men heard and blindly turned for
the ditch into which they dived. Pht!
went the bullets into them. Some lay
still, others got up and tried to get out
again. Some cried a warning and died
with it on their lips.

  Corporal Meade seized Spagett’s hand
and tried to drag him to safety, but the bul-
lets found them both.

  That sight maddened Nell Colburn. He
knew nothing about infantry, but he knew
a good deal about panic and he knew some-
thing about leading men.

  “Lie down!” he roared. “They’re firing
along the ditch! Lie down in the field!”

  A bullet nearly tore his gas mask from
his neck and he lay down himself.

  “Keep your heads, men!” cried Nell.
“Lie still and don’t move! They’ve got
us cold! If we stay here till dark we can
get away.”

  He repeated this as loud as he could
several times. The men must have heard,
for they all lay as they were, without mov-
ing.

  “Don’t try to crawl around,” ordered
Nell. “They can see us from the hills.
Don’t move a muscle!”

THE guns fired and fired. Those
in the wheat would pound away
for a long time, then they would
stop, and the gun that was shoot-
ing down the ditch would carry on alone.
This one had a very loud ringing sound, a
peculiar clanging, that the others did not
have. Nell decided that it must be a dif-
ferent type.

  He looked at the blue sky and the fleecy
clouds and wondered how long they would
last. Would he ever be back on the other
side of the river again? Well, at least he
would try and give the jerries a run for
their money before they killed him.

  Whatever happened, he was not going to
let himself be shot like a rabbit. When
dark came, a man ought to be able to get to
the ford. What wise birds these Boche
were! They must have had their eyes on
the patrol the minute it left the other bank.
And they had allowed it to get far inland,
too far to get back again, intending, per-
haps, to take the whole lot prisoners.

  They must have miscalculated the num-
ber or they would have sent more men out
to do the capturing. And when the men
had made their dash for the ditch, the ma-
chine-gunners must have lost their heads
and let go with all they had. Perhaps they
had fired so savagely to be certain that no
Yank would go back with information or
so to destroy the courage of the Americans
that the survivors would surrender without
further resistance.

  Suddenly the firing stopped. From the
direction of the railroad track came a faint
calling, but perfectly audible.

  “Come on in, Americans, come in, we
wont hurt you.”

  There was no answer from the field.

  “Come on,” called the far-away voice,
“don’t you ever want to go home again?
You’ll be killed if you stay out there!”

  The machine-guns began again, the bul-
lets whining and cracking overhead. A
minenwerfer began to throw rum-jars
about. Nell could not tell by the sound
where they were going, although he knew
they must be very near. The sun beat
down unmercifully. Nell knew the men
must be suffering from thirst, for he cer-
tainly was, but he dared not try to get at
his canteen.

  At intervals the man on the railroad track
called to them to come in. Once, late in
the afternoon, a minenwerfer bomb landed
26

Adventure

very close. Among the stones and dirt and
bits of sod that rained down after the ex-
plosion were little pieces of equipment and
a big chunk of O.D. blouse, that fluttered
down like a falling leaf.

  “Oh, oh, Americans,” sang the man on
the track. “You'd better come in. Come
in and have a cold bottle of beer, we’ve got
lots of it!”

  One of the men in the field began to cry
and there was a slight stir as of others
getting to their feet.

  “Lie down!” barked Nell. “The first
man that gets up gets a slug of lead through
his skull!”

  He meant it, too, and after that they
made no more moves. The man on the
track gave it up after a while and took his
haunting voice elsewhere. The afternoon
dragged, it seemed weeks long. Nell could
hear men sighing from time to time and soft
muttering, so that he knew there were some
still left alive.

  He cursed the summer twilight, but it
grew dark in the valley sooner than he ex-
pected, for the sun went behind the hills
and a mist began to rise from the river.

  “Now,” muttered Nell to himself, “if we
don’t get kettled we ought to be able to get
out of this place.”

  All afternoon he had been thinking of
plans for escape, trying to remember his
progress from the river, where the ford was,
what signs of the enemy he had seen in the
wheat. He remembered the fire lane and
guessed what it was, and he was sure that
the ditch turned and went into the river
above his ford, so that if he could once get
to the river end of the ditch, he had but to
work downstream and he would find the
ford. The first thing to do, therefore, was
to silence the machine-gun that commanded
the ditch, and Nell could give a good guess
where it was. He felt that he should wait
until the night was darker, but his impa-
tience was too great. It was impossible to
remain inactive any longer.

  “What do you say, gang?” called Nell in
a low voice. “Are you with me?”

  There were faint mutters of assent.

  “Make for the railroad,” said Nell. “The
machine-gun that’s firing down the ditch is
in a culvert there. If we can get it, we can
go down the ditch to the river and get back
all right. Come on, now, take it slow!”

  Nell began to crawl back across the field.
He heard a man scraping along the ground

beside him and was tempted to speak to
him, but thought better of it. Machine-
guns were rattling with great vigor, and al-
though none seemed to be very near, there
was a possibility that there might be some
within hearing distance. The other man
chuckled happily. Nell stopped in aston-
ishment and the man gurgled again, with
every indication of delight.

  “Who’s there?” whispered Nell, throwing
caution to the winds.

  “Goodrich,” said the other man.

  “What’s the grand joke?”

  “Oh, kid,” chuckled Goodrich. “My
boil has bursted. I feel like I could lick the
whole German army.”

  “You’ll probably get a chance to try,”
said Nell.

  In the shelter of the railroad the men
counted noses. It was dark there and their
forms would be invisible against the back-
ground of rock ballast. Seven men, Nell,
Goodrich, Curran, the hard-boiled man,
who had knifed the machine-gunner in the
wheat, and three others, one of whom was
wounded in the arm.

  They waited quite a while in case any
more should come in, but no one came and
at last Nell gathered the men with heads
close together and opened a counsel of war.
The men accepted his leadership without
question. Their main idea was to get back
alive and any one who showed any signs of
ability to get them there was leader enough
for them, regardless of his rank.

SUDDENLY, as if by pre-
arrangement, the ground between
the track and the river was
brilliantly lighted. Nell’s first
thought was “searchlight,” but as he lay
hurriedly down on his back, he could see
that the sky was filled with hanging lights,
dazzling white, floating steadily and sending
out little streamers of smoke.

  “It’s lucky we came when we did,”
thought Nell.

  One by one the lights died. Others took
their place, but farther down the river and
some were fired from the far side of the track
that lighted the field, but left the embank-
ment in deep shadow.

  “Come on now,” cried Nell, “while it’s
dark.”

  “There’s some o’ those-right around

here,” husked a voice.

  “In the culvert!” said Nell. “Notasound.”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

27

  A machine-gun roared into action at their
very elbows. There was no time to give
directions, nor could they have been heard
if they had been. Nell scrambled up the
embankment and crawled along its side, the
barking of the gun drowning the noise of his
feet and the stones rattling down.

  He began to fear that he would pass the
culvert in the darkness, when a light was
fired and he flattened himself against the
stones, praying that they would not roll
both him and themselves to the bottom of
the bank. As it happened, he lay with his
face down hill, so that from one eye he could
see the other men at the foot of the bank, in
single file, flat on their faces, motionless as
the dead.

  He was alone on the embankment and
would have to do his work singlehanded.
Darkness again, but Nell had no sooner
gathered his legs under him than another
cluster of lights blazed and he was forced
to lie down again. His position, however,
was changed slightly so that he could see
out over the field, out to the wheat, where
shells were bursting.

  Midway between, scattered on the field,
were the bodies of the men who had been
killed in the afternoon. Then Nell saw the
far end of the ditch, its course marked by a
black line of shadow. His eye rapidly fol-
lowed this to where it went out from under
the embankment. Man! There was a gun
there! He could see it plainly, with a man
beside it, and another just at the edge of the
bank, kneeling and looking toward the
Americans.

  As Nell watched, this man bent hurriedly
down and seized the shoulder of the man
by the gun. He shook it and pointed to the
Americans. The other man jumped up and
bending over the gun, picked it up clumsily
and swung it up on the edge of the ditch.
The lights went out as though a switch had
been turned.

  Nell decided two things, that the men
with the gun would fire another light and
then begin shooting, and that when the
light went up he would make two jumps
and either silence the gun or be killed with
the rest of them.

  Bang! went the pistol. Pop! the lights
gleamed brightly. Nell made a leap for
the culvert edge, landed on his feet, crouch-
ing and swaying forward, took a second
leap just as the gun gave its first bark. He
landed squarely on the shoulders of the

kneeling German, knocked him over across
the gun, and Nell, gun and Germans went
backward into the ditch, with Nell still
holding the other’s collar in a death grip.

  The man squirmed and writhed. His
body heaved under the Yank’s knees, his
hands tore at the Yank’s clothes, his nails
scratched at the Yank’s face, but Nell hung
on. A flying body struck him in the back
and knocked him forward on to his antag-
onist, a foot crunched against one of his
hands, something struck him over the head
and nearly knocked him senseless. Mean-
while he hung to his German.

  He had the other’s coat collar twisted in
his hands and he had his thumbs into the
German’s neck as far as he could shove
them. He intended to hang on until he was
killed, and something told him that he had
a good leverage on the other, for the man’s
struggles grew perceptibly weaker. There
was grunting, splashing, and thrashing
bodies all about, but Nell did not hear them.

  A light went up, and its glare shone full
into the ditch, but Nell paid no heed. He
saw a man’s head under his hands, and the
back of a blouse, and a shoulder strap with
121 on it. When the light went out the
German had ceased to struggle.

  Nell got very stiffly to his feet. Another
light lightened the field, and across it two
Germans, their coat tails right out straight,
were taking their hurried way. Some one
grunted and hurled a bomb after them. It
burst and the two running men gave a little
jump, as moving picture comedians do when
a pistol is fired at them, but kept on
running.

  Then they must have been seen from the
farther bank, for one of them dropped, got
up again, ran a few feet and then went
down for good, and his companion did what
looked like an attempt at a handspring and
lay still. Nell was forced to laugh.

  The crawling over the stones, and the
holding of breath when the lights went up,
and his bitter fight with the German had
all ended happily, and there were the two
jerries running away with a hop, skip and
jump as fast as they could. He laughed
heartily and his chuckles were echoed from
the ditch.

  “There’s one o’ them Huns under my foot
as dead as a herrin’,” whispered some one.

  “See has he got on a Gott mit Uns belt!”
cried another.

  There was a scramble in the dark. Alas,
28

Adventure

neither the man Nell had fought with nor
the other dead man had on a belt.

  “Where did you birds come from?” asked
Nell.

  “We heard the scrap,” said the hard-
boiled man in his rasping voice, “an’ we
wasn’t agreeable you should hog it all your-
self, so we come a-gallopin’.”

  (“Well, let’s get down and see what this
culvert looks like,” said Nell. “We may
have to spend the night in it. Anyway,
we’ve got a gun to knock over a few with, if
they try to get rough with us.”

         THE culvert was more properly a
bridge. There was a tiny stream
in the bottom of the ditch, as they
found by feeling around in the
bottom of it to locate the dead Germans.
Nell knew how he had killed his man now.
He had held his head under water.

  The arch of the culvert went under the em-
bankment, into a hole of darkness. It was
solidly built of granite blocks and with the
railroad over it would stop anything. It was
doubtful if a naval gun could cave it in. No
wonder the Boche gunners had picked on it
for a place to spend the night in.

  “The other end o’ this is in Germany,”
spoke up some one.

  “That’s right,” agreed two or three.
“Maybe them Boche’ll send a relief through
or somethin’.”

  “Well, where do you suppose it goes?”
muttered Nell. “I can’t see anything at
all. You’d think you could see the sky
through the other end.”

  A light went up from the far side of the
track, but though it lighted the field and the
embankment and shone into the bottom of
the ditch it did not illumine the darkness of
the culvert.

  “There’s a bend in it, that’s what,” de-
cided Nell. “That’s why we can’t see
through it. Maybe it doesn’t go through to
the other side even.”

  “Captain,” rasped the hard-boiled man,
“let’s me an’ you go see where it goes.”
“I’ll go you,” said Nell; “somebody give
me a knife.”

  Unfortunately the hard-boiled man had
the only trench knife in the crowd and' 'he
wanted it himself. Most of the men had
left their rifles by the embankment or in the
field. Nell had forgotten where he had left
his, but one man still had his and tendered
Nell the bayonet.

  “I’ll go first,” said the hard-boiled man.
“It was my plan in the first place. Now
don’t ram that bayonet up my neck a mile
if I stop quick.”

  “Don’t you guys monkey with that gun
while I’m gone either,” directed Nell.

  Then he and the hard-boiled man got
down and began to crawl into the culvert.

  Inside there it was cold and damp and
when a hobnail rapped a stone the sound
rang tremendously. The arch was high
enough to sit upright, but not to stand, and
while two men could lie abreast in it, with
room to spare, they could not crawl that
way. So the hard-boiled man led, and Nell
after him. It was black as a pocket. They
crawled and crawled, and suddenly Nell
bumped something soft with his head.

  “Shhshsh!” whispered the hard-boiled
man in his ear, “have them lunkheads fol-
lered us?”

  Nell looked back. The mouth of the cul-
vert was perfectly discernable, a square of
dark blue against a frame of deep black.
Across the bottom of the square were knobs
and projections. These were the heads of
the men in the ditch, who were kneeling and
staring down the culvert. Nell counted
carefully. There were five hats there.

  “No,” he replied, “they’re all where we
left ’em.”

  “Then we’re goin’ to have callers,” said
the hard-boiled man. “Listen!”

  There was a scraping sound in the culvert,
that became more clearly audible with
every second. The sound could mean but
one thing. Men were crawling from the
other end of the culvert.

  “Get against the wall!” whispered Nell
shoving the other man to one side.

  If the Boche came around the turn, they
would keep to the nearest wall, that is,
turning to the left, they would instinctively
stick close to that wall and Nell had a hunch
that that was the way the bend turned. If
he had guessed wrong, then it only meant
that the contact would be head on. Nell
tightened his muscles. He heard a man
breathing.

  The man grunted and said something in
his natural voice. He was crawling along
the right wall and Nell let drive with the
bayonet as hard as he could. The man
yelled deafeningly. Nell sought and found
the other’s mouth and clamped a hand over
it. Then he shifted his grip to the other’s
windpipe and tried to get back his bayonet,
A Sergeant of Cavalry

29

but it would not respond to his wild tugs.
Then instinct told him the man would not
make any more noise and he released his
throat.

  “Come on,” cried the hard-boiled man,
“the rest of ’em got away, let’s get after
them!”

  Nell began to crawl furiously. The
bend in the culvert was very near and after
he turned he could see light at the other
end, and backs rippling as men crawled
along at their best speed. The stones tore
ais knees and his hands were badly skinned
on the side of the culvert, but he kept
on and in a few seconds was in the open,
listening to pounding feet. The Germans
and the hard-boiled man had got out first
and had gone into the darkness.

  Nell looked about him, like the famous
bear, to see what he could see, and, also
like the famous bear, he could see nothing
but the other side of the track. There
was a black field in front of him that
might be crisscrossed with trenches or in
which a regiment of the enemy might be
bivouacking.

  He could hear shells socking somewhere
in the distance and see the ghostly foun-
tains of smoke that leaped into air after
the explosion. He moved along the base
of the embankment a few steps, but
halted suddenly as he saw a number of
black shadows before him. The shadows
were motionless and after looking for them
for a few seconds, Nell could see that they
were knapsacks, twisted overcoats and a
blanket or two.

  A little further on were some square holes,
where a man might take refuge in the event
of shells coming too close. Nell thought
that the holes were a waste of labor, since
the railroad track would be sufficient defil-
de for any projectile, but Nell was not
acquainted with trench mortars, that are
designed for the attack of defiladed areas,
and that can throw a demijohn of high ex-
plosive up into the air and down again so
close that its own crew are likely to become
casualties from the burst.

  “Psst!” went some one in the dark.

  Nell flattened himself against the em-
bankment, gripping his bayonet.

  “Cap’n!” A hoarse whisper.

  Nell let a rock roll down the bank, clicking
against its fellows, and in a few seconds the
hard-boiled man took shape from the
darkness.

  “Where did you go?” asked Nell.

  “I was chasin’ that guy. I don’t want
for to have him go an’ get his gang an’ come
back an’ clean up on us.”

THE bursting of a light on the
other side of the track interrupt-
ed. It was well away and the
shadow of the bank covered them.
The light showed them a field, a narrow
cart track crossing it, and the shattered
poplars of a high-road.

  The stream that flowed in the bottom of
the ditch came down through the field to
their right at an angle, and it was because
of this bend in the stream that the culvert
had the elbow in it. The course of it was
almost parallel to the embankment. Wel-
come darkness again.

  “How did you make out,” continued Nell.
“I got me one o’ them Gott mit Uns belts,”
said the hard-boiled man. “I been tryin’ to
get one for a week.”

  “Well,” said Nell, “we better be goin’
back while it’s dark. One o’ those lights
might flash on us any time.”

  “There seems to be more racket goin’ on
than before, doesn’t there?”

  Nell listened. Shells were growling stead-
ily on the other side of the embankment and
on the distant road. Every so often he could
hear one go rustling by overhead, probably
on its way to the German artillery position
on the heights above the town.

  “Maybe our artillery has snapped out
of it,” suggested Nell. “Well, anyway,
let’s go back an’ see what’s going on with
the gang.”

  They started to go back to the entrance
to the culvert, but somebody began to beat
upon a tin pan with a stick. This was a
new sound to both, but they lay down just
the same until it was over. There was no
use being able to identify a sound by the
feel of its projectiles in one’s anatomy.

  Nell, however, decided what had made
the racket. It was a machine-gun firing in-
side the culvert, with its muzzle pointing in.
It meant one of two things, either the Yanks
were trying to work the thing and it had
gone off while they were examining it, or
the party had been captured or killed by
the enemy and the Boche were shooting
into the culvert to be sure that there were
no more Yanks in there. The bullets, of
course, could not come around the bend,
but the sound could.
30

Adventure

  “I guess we won’t go back that way,”
said Nell. The gun stopped firing after a
minute or two, but that was no sign that it
wasn’t there any longer and ready to fire
again at the slightest sound.

  “What’s the mad rush to get back?”
asked the hard-boiled man. “We’re just
as safe here as we are there. We’re safer.
We ain’t gettin’ any fire here from either
side and on the other side the track both the
jerries and our own guys are lettin’ fly.
We’re goin’ to get perforated anyway, but
there’s no hurry about it.”

  “No, I want to see what’s goin’ on,” said
Nell. “The main object of this here war
party is to take seven whole skins back
across the river and if there’s a way to do
it, it’s goin’ to be done. An’ that way
won’t be found by stickin’ around here.”
“Lead the way, Cap’n!” said the other.
“Over the top we go,” said Nell, and be-
gan to scramble up the embankment.

  He forgot entirely that there were men
with ears all around him, nor did it occur
to him that if a light went up just as he
reached the track, that his light would be
extinguished, and that with most astonish-
ing rapidity.

  “Hey!” panted the other man. “Wait a
minute! There’s a train cornin’!”

  A train! A train on this track that had
borne no traffic since spring! By golly,
there was one coming at that. The Boche
must have an armored train running. The
two men crouched on the stones. The rails
hummed and sang, and Nell could hear the
rattling of the wheels. He cautiously
lifted his head. There was a line of sparks
along the rails, a glittering line of fire that
stretched clear down around the curve.

  Nell ducked and waited for the train to
go by. The sound continued, but no train
appeared, nor did the rattle and song of the
rails grow in volume as it would if wheels
were making it. A hand plucked at Nell’s
coat.

  “Let’s get outta here,” cried the hard-
boiled man at the top of his voice, the words,
however, only barely audible. “Come on
offa here. There’s a machine-gun barrage
goin’ on this track!”

  Nell went to the bottom of the embank-
ment in one jump. Train indeed! The
Yanks must be putting down the barrage,
for if it had come from Nell’s side of the
track he would never have got as far up the
bank as he had.

  No wonder it sounded like a train. There
were perhaps thirty or forty machine-guns
firing and each one doing better than a
hundred shots a minute. The bullets were
rattling against the rails and striking sparks
from them. The two men went down and
sat wordlessly in the shadow of the bank.

  “Let’s have a listen at the culvert again,”
suggested the hard-boiled man after a
while.

  There being no objection to that, they
crawled to where the culvert opened, and
harkened.

 “-!” they both gasped. “There’s

guys cornin’ through!”

  “Hark!” said Nell. “They’re talkin’!”
There was the familiar scraping sound of
crawling men and muttering of voices. The
two craned their necks into the ditch and
then the voices were audible, so close that
it seemed the men must be at the very en-
trance of the culvert.

  “I tell yuh it’s mine!” said a voice in the
culvert.

  “Like so much pig bristles!” scoffed an-
other. “I found it, didn’t I?”

  “Aw, grapenuts!”

  “No, grapenuts, neither! Who killed that
jerry anyways?”

  “Go on! Go on!” cried several. “Fcr

-’s sake git goin’! Never mind the a rgu-

ment! Move yourself!”

  The scratching sounds began again and
five shadows emerged from the culvert.

  “This is as far as I go,” remarked a voice
“If them two ain’t no more sense than to go
curvin’ off through the whole Boche arm
they oughta be captured.”

“This night’s so black it would make a
nigger look like a snow man,” said another.
Here Nell thought best to say a word.

 “What the - do you men mean by

leaving your post?” he asked.

  There was the sound of five men doing
their best to jump right out of their skins
“Is that you?” they gasped. “We
thought the Boche got yuh!”

  “Well, if they hadn’t,” said Nell, “you
birds would have, only the culvert had a
crook in it! Waddyuh mean lettin’ that gun
go down the alley that way?”

  “Oh, man!” said Goodrich. “There was
six big krauts come along the ditch an’ we
staggered outa there. They all ducked into
the tunnel, so we hauls the gun off the
bank an’ turned it down the hole after ’em,
but none of us knew how to work it. So
A Sergeant of Cavalry

3i

while we was monkeyin’ with it, the krauts
heard us an’ they was cornin’ back to see
how come, only the gun went off and stitch-
ed a couple o’ seams in ’em.”

  “So then we come through with the gun,”
said another man. “It’s too hot over on
that side. There’s more iron flyin’ around
than if it was rainin’ hardware stores.”
“Hsstl" went some one in the darkness.
Instant silence. Nell listened to the
blood pounding in his ears.

  “Now what?” he thought. “If it isn’t
one thing in this war it’s six!”

  “Hsst!" went the mysterious man again.
“Come over here! I found some chow!”

THE pile of blankets and over-
coats about the holes under the
bank marked the place where the
machine-gun crew had slept dur-
ing the day and where men off duty rested
during the night.

  There were several mess kits stacked up
very neatly and the hard-boiled man had
discovered them. They had a kind of
slum in them, with bits of something that
tasted like sausage floating around. The
Yanks had not eaten since they could re-
member, and the slum tasted doubly good
on that account.

  The night began to grow cold and the
men were more or less wet from crawling
around in the water in the bottom of the
ditch, but they wrapped themselves in the
German overcoats and were quite comfort-
able. One of the men began to prowl
around and explore. As it happened there
was no whispering going on at that minute
id so the sound of him taking the lid off a
iess kit was clearly heard.

  “What’s in that?” asked the hard-boiled
man curiously.

  “Nothing,” said the other man quickly.
There was Something in his tone that told
the rest he was lying.

  “Lemme see!” said one of the nearest and
they could hear him crawling.

  “No,” said he solemnly, after a few sec-
onds, “there ain’t nothin’ in it, just a old
empty can.”

  This man overdid it. He used too much
energy in saying that the can was empty.
The entire company moved over at once.

  “Gimme that mess kit!” cried several at
once.

  Sounds of strife.

  “There’s beer in it! -if it aint full o’

beer! You guys tried to hold out on us!
All right, you won’t get none!”

  “The idea,” said Nell indignantly, “of
you two birds tryin’ to hog all this beer!
Why there’s enough to get a regiment
soured! We’ll all have a go at it and if
there’s any left, you can have it.”

  There was plenty enough for all, however,
and the only thing the men lacked to make
them at peace with the world was a smoke,
but this was impossible.

  “Now then,” began Nell at what he
thought was an opportune moment, “we
don’t want to lose sight of our mission. I
suppose this is or was a patrol to find out
the strength of the enemy between the town
and the river. Well, we know but it don’t
do no good unless we get back with it. And
it’ll be daylight pretty priesa and when day-
light comes we want to be far from here!”
“Can’t we hang out in the culvert durin’
the day?” asked one of the men sadly.

  “No, we can’t!” snapped the hard-boiled

man. “What the - yuh think you’re

gettin’ a dollar a day for?”

  “They’re playin’ - on the other side

the track,” said Goodrich. “Man, I’m
tellin’ yuh it’s warm over there.”

  “Well, its only a question of time before
we’re discovered and then they’ll bring out
a gang and do some bayonet drill on us. If
we go back, we’ve got a chance. I know
where there’s a ford and all we have to do
is to follow the ditch to it. We’ve got a gun
an’ it don’t take but a spoonful of brains
to make it go, or the Boche wouldn’t be
usin’ it.

  “We’ll be cornin’ down on their riverside
guns from the rear, so they wont bother us
none. And if any of ’em do get argumen-
tative, we can shoot a yard or two of bul-
lets at ’em.”

  “Well, so you say,” said one of the men,
after a long pause, “but I for one don’t crave
to try to cross that field with all this throw-
down goin’ on.”

  “Listen!” said Nell. “I was a sergeant in
this man’s Army when all you birds knew
about Germany was that they made brass

bands and beer! Now if there’s any-

here that don’t want to do as I say, just
step right up an’ say so like a man, an’ he
won’t need to wait till he gets on the other
side o’ the track to collect his insurance!”
“Good!” said the hard-boiled man. “You
tell ’em Cap’n, an’ let me help bury the
dead!”
3 2

Adventure

  No one, however, accepted Nell’s offer
and when he gave the word, they all got
slowly to their feet and casting off their
overcoats and blankets, went down to the
culvert and crawled in, the hard-boiled man
first, then Goodrich and Curran with the
machine-gun and Nell last to make sure
that no one got lost in the tunnel.

SOME time before daybreak, the
captain of G Company, that held
a sector of the line on the south
bank of the river, was making his
final inspection of the command. There
was to be a general advance in an hour and
the word had come down from brigade
headquarters that the attack must not fail.

  The losses so far had already been too
high and there was no material gain to show
for them. Up-river units of the division
had succeeded in crossing the river and
maintaining their position on the opposite
bank. Down-river patrols had crossed and
were holding out, but unless the battalion
to which G Company belonged crossed
and took the town before it, both right and
left flanks would have to fall back.

  Divisional and corps artillery had been
shelling the German artillery positions on
the heights, and machine-gun, one-pounder
and Stokes mortar had been hammering
the wheat and the field between the river
and the railroad embankment since eleven
o’clock. The town was being reduced to a
pile of unsightly ruins.

  The captain, however, was not cheered.
He had lost a platoon that had gone on
patrol across the river, his men had been
without sleep for two nights, their rations
were all gone, ammunition was low, gren-
ades were not to be had and about three
men out of every squad were casualties.

  If the artillery preparation was thorough
enough, the task of taking the town would
not be very great. Certainly there were
enough shells being sent over. The fields
and the hillsides fairly glittered with the
flashes of the explosions.

  It is one thing, though, to fire a bom-
bardment i on known gun positions and
strong points, but it is another thing to fire
blindly into an area, trusting to luck that
the hostile positions will be destroyed. The
chances of the latter are rather slim. How-
ever, the Germans had undisputed control
of the air and it was impossible for the
allies’ reconnaisance planes to take any

photographs or even to protect their own
lines from aerial attack, so the artillery did
what they could and hoped for the best.

  They swept up and down the hills and
from side to side, the machine-guns laid
down a barrage on the railroad and the one-
pounders hammered the wheat. The cap-
tain of G Company fingered his first-aid
packet and was thankful he was not a mar-
ried man.

  “Captain,” yelled some one in his ear,
“there’s a patrol come back!”

  “A patrol! From across the river? Where
are they?”

  “Right over here, sir.”

  The soldier led the captain to where Nell
and his companions crouched in the shelter
of the railroad track, the captured gun that
they had brought back to the American
side of the river at their feet.

  “Who’s in command here?” asked the
captain. “Are you there, Trelawney?”
“The lieutenant was killed,” said some
one.

  “Where’s the rest of the men?”

  “This is all that are left,” said Nell. “I
took charge of ’em.”

  There was a long silence, during which a
medical corps man who had been doing up
the wounded man’s arm put away his band-
ages and went off.

  “What’s it like over there?” asked the
captain finally.

  Nell told him of all that had passed, that
the wheat was probably held in strength,
but that along the ditch and about the ford
there were now no Germans but good ones.

  “How do I know that this is straight?”
asked the captain. “How do I know you
men haven’t been cooling coffee over in the
wheat all day? This yarn sounds a little
high. ”

  Nell made no reply, but tossed something
down that clinked. One aftef the other the
men did the same. The captain put down
his hand in astonishment. At his feet he
felt a pile of leather belts with square buck-
les, field glasses, a German helmet and
several pistols.

  “Did you capture that gun, too?” said
the captain, in a much milder, even apolo-
getic tone.

  “Yessir,” said all the men.

  “Well, hang on to it and take it back with
you when you go. We’re going across in
half an hour. I’ll be back again before we
go. I want to know where that ford is.”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

33

  “They’re bound they’ll kill us, ain’t
they?” said some one, after the captain had
departed.

  There was profane assent, but no one
made any further comment. The men who
had lost their rifles hunted around until
they had found others, and each made sure
he had plenty of ammunition. There was
a pile of belts that had been taken from
casualties and those who were shy anything
helped themselves from these.

  Suddenly there was a change in the sound
of the bombardment, a new note had been
struck, some new instrument had joined
the orchestra. Then whistles began to blow,
and men spoke rapidly, like the members
of a football team encouraging each other
before the kick-off.

  The men that were speaking here, how-
ever, were the corporals and sergeants, urg-
ing their men to their feet, and giving a few
final directions. Nell rose with his rem-
nant of a platoon. The captain suddenly
appeared.

  “Where’s that cavalryman?” he cried.
“Here! Show us that ford! just show me
the approximate place. We’ve got bridges
up, but they may not last. Come on, men,
forward!”

  The line moved over the narrow gage
track.

DAWN was just breaking.
Things that had been invisible
and black were now a light gray.
Directly overhead was a patch of
rosy sky! In front of the advance, on the
opposite bank of the river, was a high white
wall, formed by the barrage and a smoke
screen. Out of this wall came rocket after
rocket, green, red and white. The men got
to the river before the counter barrage be-
gan to fall.

  “How’s your boil?” Nell asked Goodrich,
who was beside him.

                                         e

  “Boil? It ain’t bothered me since it bust.
Cap’n, I got more on my mind than boils!”

  “If you guys keep on calling me captain,”
said Nell, “I’ll begin to think—look out!”

  The two went to earth. BLAM! Each
looked to see if the other was hit, but
they were both unscathed, although covered
with dirt. They got down to the river,
tripping and falling about in the reeds of
the marsh, and found a bridge there that
the engineers had laid during the night.

The pontoons pitched and heaved and the

  3

bridge swayed up and down, for the Ger-
man shells were'lashing the river into waves
such as it had never before seen in all its
thousands of years of existence. Many of
the men were too impatient to await their
turn to cross on the bridge, and plunged into
the river, half wading, half swimming across.

  “Lookit our ford!” said Goodrich, with a
slight catch in his voice.

  Nell looked. There were guns guarding
that ford, and they were whipping the river
into foam. There was no reason now why
they should hold their fire. This time they
wanted to kill, and not to capture.

  “Why do you suppose they didn’t shoot
at us when we were goin’ back?” asked Nell.

  “Those guns that are doin’ that may be
clear up in the town,” said Goodrich, “or
back in the hills. I bet there ain’t many
guns workin’ on this bank, not with that
barrage goin’.”

  From down-stream came a tremendous
explosion. Nell did not want to look, but
he was unable to keep from turning his
head. A bridge down there had just been
destroyed and the river was black with the
fragments of it, and men struggling in the
water.

  Nell reached the farther bank and stum-
bled through the rushes to hard ground.
Things were getting lighter every minute,
but there was so much smoke about that it
was impossible to see more than a yard or
two. Nell went into the wheat a way and
looked around.

  The line had halted and was waiting un-
til all were across the river before advanc-
ing. The hard-boiled man appeared, drip-
ping. He had swum the river and was
plastered with mud and weeds. A hump-
backed man came in from the smoke and
fell on Goodrich’s neck.

  “What the-!” cried Goodrich.

  Nell took a second look at the newcomer.
It was Curran.

 “What the-you got on your back?”

cried Nell. “I didn’t know you.”

 “My vase,” said Curran. “I got it
strapped on to me and my blouse over it
so’s it won’t shine nor get hurt. I ain’t
takin’ no chance on losin’ it.”

  “I thought you threw that away long
ago!”

  “Well, I went and found it again while
we was waitin’!”

  Some more men arrived, their eyes wide
and their breath panting. .
34

Adventure

  “They got our bridge,” said they, “blew

it all to-!”

  Nell wondered why he had not heard the
shell that destroyed the bridge and decided
it had been drowned in the tumult. Some
more men ran up and then threw themselves
down on the line.

  “We come across a ford,” said they.
“The Boche laid off shoo tin’ on it for a
minute and we come over.”

  More men came in, singly and by twos and
threes. They were all dripping wet from
the river and cursing because their wet
clothes hampered their movements. The
smoke began to grow thinner. A barrage,
like time and tide, has a habit of moving
on schedule, regardless of whether the in-
fantry is held up or not. It was now half-
way to the town and the advance had not
left the wheat.

  “Forward G Company,” called some
one. “Forward!”

  “Everybody up!” said Nell.

  “All with yuh, Cap’n!” cried the hard-
boiled man, and scrambled to his feet.

  Some of the men who had heard looked
in astonishment at Nell. They noted the
cut of his uniform, and decided he must be
a strange officer from some other outfit
that had joined during the night. The
advance began again.

  The barrage had passed on. The ma-
chine-gunners, who had stayed in their
holes while the shells were falling about
them, directly the barrage lifted, clambered
out, set up their guns and turned loose. The
artillery on the heights, able to employ di-
rect fire, began to work overtime. This
sleet of steel struck the advancing infantry
and they laid down immediately. The ma-
chine-guns continued to fire and the artillery
tossed shells around, but the men lay still
and after a while the enemy turned his at-
tention to the riverbank once more.

  Whistles blew and the advance began
once more. With a snarl of anger at the
Americans’ tenacity, the German guns
opened on the line again. The sound of
the machine-guns was much louder this
time, probably every gun in the sector was
concentrated upon the infantry in the field.

  This was a welcome respite for the engi-
neers trying to construct new bridges, and
for the men trying to wade and swim
across, but it was hard on G Company.
The men were pounded by machine-gun and
rifle, by minenwerfer and field gun.

  “Whoa!” said Goodrich. “I’m hit.”

  He went down and Nell grabbed his arm.

  “Where’d it get you?” he asked.

  “ ’Tain’t nothin’,” said Goodrich, strug-
gling to his knees. “I just stubbed my
toe. Help me up.”

  He tried to smile, but his face was the
color of clay.

  “Lie down.” said Nell, “the stretcher
bearers’ll take care of you. Lie quiet,
now.”

  “All right,” said Goodrich. “When I’m
in hospital I’ll have a drink for you.”

  Then before Nell’s very eyes—thudthud-
thudl—there were two holes in Goodrich’s
blouse and another through his helmet.
Nell felt the arm that he was holding grow
limp, and he lowered poor Goodrich to the
ground again.

  Nell gripped his rifle and started forward.
His mind was so numbed by his comrade’s
death that it was a minute or two before
he was thoroughly himself again. Then he
noticed that there were very few men in
sight. The company had been advancing
with wide intervals, but there had been a
good many men visible just the same.

  Now, however, in just that scant space
of time, most of them had disappeared.
Instead of a hundred or so, there were not
more than twenty at the outside. To the
left of Nell was a Chaucat gunner and be-
yond him, about twenty yards away, were
two men together.

  In front of Nell a little way were Curran
and the hard-boiled man, but there was a
cloud of smoke from a minenwerfer bomb
or a shell to the right that hid that part of
the line.

  Nell felt his rifle shoved back with a vig-
orous push. He did not need to look at the
scar on the butt to know a bullet had hit it.
A long blast of the whistle. Nell lay down.
In a few seconds the hard-boiled man came
crawling back.

  “To the rear!” said he. “The old man
says to the rear. He give the signal.”

  After that Nell’s recollection was a little
dim. He thought he crawled a way, and
then ran a way and then crawled some
more, but he could not be certain. All that
he was sure of was that when he reached the
wheat he was on his feet and that he passed
two or three men who were doing their best
to run. He came to the marsh, where the
mud was ankle deep and clinging, but he
went through like the--’s cow. Then he
A Sergeant of Cavalry-

35

was at the river’s edge, where three men
were hammering"5takes.

  “Here comes the bride!” said one of these
men.

  “Is it pay-day or did you hear mess-call
blow?” asked another.

  A shell burst up-stream and the falling
water showered the men.

  “I wish I’d brought my slicker,” said the
first speaker.

  Some more men came down through the
marsh and halted. They felt a little foolish
at appearing before so many of their com-
rades in such unseemly haste. Across the
river were a lot of men waiting to advance,
lying down with very wide intervals, and in
the river itself and along both sides were
engineers, working as fast as they could to
put up bridges to replace those destroyed.

THE fire was not so hot here, but
men were being hit just the same
and cries for first-aid came with
alarming frequency. Across the
river a man raged up and down like a mad-
man. If he kept on, he would be hit, but he
seemed to care very little. This man was
evidently an officer, but he wore no in-
signia of rank and might be anything from
a major up.

  He was raging because the companies
across the river had advanced too soon, he
was raging because the artillery barrage was
clear over in the town by now, and particu-
larly did he foam at the mouth because the
men in the field had fallen back.

  Inasmuch as it would have been murder
to keep them there any longer, his remarks
as to the color of their livers were very un-
just. He also spoke to the engineers. The
engineer officer invited him to build his own
bridges if he didn’t like it.

  Furthermore, the engineer officer offered
to polish his nose, rank or no rank. In the
heat of battle, be it known, a difference of a
few numbers of rank amounts to very little
between officers of different branches.

  The man who raged was the colonel of the
regiment. He came to himself after a few
minutes and realized that cursing would do
very little good. He was not to be blamed
for being a trifle emphatic, for his regiment
was vanishing into thin air, and as yet he
had not gained a foot of ground. So then,
he took a good look up and down the river
and saw the engineers were making progress
after all.

  In one place some tree trunks had been
thrown across, in another section of nar-
row gage track was being lashed to posts,
and in a third, enough boats had been col-
lected from the wreckage of the first bridge
to make another. The colonel then went
back across the narrow gage track to a hole
where there were three very sad-looking
men armed with pistols. This was the ar-
tillery liaison detail, a sergeant and two
privates.

  “How long would it take to get a message
to your guns?” asked the colonel.

  “It’s about two miles,” said the sergeant.
“It will take half an hour anyway. Want
me to go, sir?”

  “No. You stay with me. Send both
men, each by a different route, I don’t want
this message to go astray. Tell your colonel
that I want the barrage to start over again.
We haven’t even got off the bank yet.”

  The sergeant gave the necessary direc-
tions to the men, telling them the route they
should follow, and that if they could get into
the infantry brigade P. C. they could tele-
phone back the directions. All that they
had to do was to say that the barrage should
begin again, and that the infantry would
move when it did.

 The men went out and ducked and
dodged across the field to the woods. The
sergeant watched them go wistfully. He
had little liking for his job, and when the
advance began would like it even less.

  Meanwhile Nell, on the far bank of the
river, laid aside his rifle and pitched in with
the engineers. He and the survivors of his
company drove stakes, lashed planks, and
carried wounded out of the way. Suddenly,
some one seized Nell’s shoulder. It was the
captain, his uniform torn and dirty, and his
helmet and gas mask gone.

  “Come show us that ditch of yours!”
said the captain.

  Nell led the way along the bank, some-
times knee deep in mud, and other times up
to his shoulders in the water. At last he
came out on the shallow bar of the ford.
The engineers had discovered it and the bar
was marked with a row of stakes. On the
opposite bank were machine-gunners and
some men with things that looked like
stove pipes, and Fourth of July cannon.
The stove pipes were mortars and the toy
cannon one-pounders.

  “Show these officers your ditch!” said the
captain.
36

Adventure

  Nell led them upstream to where the ditch
came out on the bank and two of the officers
reconnoitered.

  “Nothing there but some dead krauts,”
reported the officer in a few minutes.
“Come on, soldier, lead out.”

  The officer waved to the men across the
ford to come over, which they did, holding
their weapons out of the water. Then,
bending double, they followed Nell and the
three officers up the ditch. There had been
shelling in that ditch since Nell was in it
last. There were holes in it aplenty, along
the sides and on the edge. Just now, how-
ever, it was blissfully calm.

  “It’s a wonder we aren’t fired on,” mut-
tered one of the officers, “we must be under
observation.”

  “Cheer up,” said the other. “They’ll let
us set up the guns and then they’ll shower
down and after that we won’t need to
worry.”

  One of these officers was the machine-
gunner and the other commanded the one-
pounders. Last in line were the trench
mortars, and it appeared from the conver-
sation that these were not to fire, but to go
forward when the opportunity offered.

_ The machine-guns were set up, ammuni-
tion prepared, and the squad leaders lay
down with one hand in air to show that their
squads were ready. The section leaders
reported ready and the officer commanded:
_ “Range 1250, at the town. First section
right half, second section, left half. Over-
head. Commence firing at the blast of the
whistle.”

  The officer turned around.

  “I wish you weren’t going to fire your

-pop-guns in here,” said he to the one-

pounder man. “The Boche can hear those
things going clear back in the hills and
they’ll start to iron you out. Meanwhile
we’ll get ours.”

  “If you knows of a better ’ole,” grinned
the one-pounder officer, “go to it.”

  “You and your better hole,” growled the
machine-gunner; “wait till the barrage
starts, you’ll want to find it.”

  The two officers thereupon sat and bit
their thumbs. Nell looked them over.
They wore no insignia not even a stripe on
the cuff of their blouses, and Nell reflected
that his was the better uniform of the three.

  “Corporal Davis,” said the machine-gun
officer, “take two men and find Major
Hemenway. I think you’ll get him on this

  side of the river, near that bridge they’re
making out of the railroad track. Tell
him that we’re in position in the ditch and
that we’ll open fire with the artillery bar-
rage. Whenever he wants fire on any new
targets, send me a runner.”

  Waiting for the barrage to start was the
most trying time that Nell had yet ex-
perienced. The gunners kept inspecting
sights and the loaders were forever rattling
clips of ammunition. The enemy fire had
not ceased a second, but it was all on the
far side of the river and on the river itself.
The casualties must be terrific.

  Nell could hear the shouting and the
bawling of orders in the river and decided
the men were crossing and coming up into
the wheat. He trembled lest the enemy
barrage shift from the narrow gage track
to the wheat, but fortunately it did not.
Suddenly there was a loud whack overhead.;
Four or five shrapnel shells had burst above
the field.

  “They’re white,” cried the machine-
gunner, “they’re ours. Stand by for the
barrage; they fired those shells to show
the observers where the barrage was going
to fall.”

  The barrage let down with the clap of a
closing cellar door, the officer’s whistle
peeped faintly, and away roared the ma-
chine-guns. The distant town suddenly
became shrouded in smoke and began to
gush gray and yellow clouds of it like a gi-
gantic chimney.

  The big eight-inch boys were dumping
gas and high explosive in among those
houses. The barrage went forward slowly,
and the smoke barrage that went with it
covered the entire field and shut off the view
of the machine-gunners. They continued
to fire, however, and trusted that their
shooting was effective. Nell watched for
the wave of infantry, but saw nothing of
them. The barrage passed on, was well
into the field, and still he saw no sign of the
Americans.

  “The-fools!” he cried, “they’ve gone

and gummed it again.”

  After a minute or two, by straining his
eyes to their utmost, he could see here and
there a group of black dots, just visible a
second, then gone. They were the helmets
of men crawling in the wheat. Higher
authority, that is, brigade and divisional
commanders, had taken a hand in this thing.

The second attack was more carefully
A Sergeant of Cavalry

37

planned. The machine-guns and one-
pounders with Nell were protecting it from
the flank, more artillery was being em-
ployed to neutralize the enemy fire, and the
men, instead of advancing in mass, were
going forward in small rapidly moving
groups, hard to see and harder to hit. The
barrage was going slower, too, much slower
than before, and the infantry had plenty of
time to blot out a machine-gun here and
there, before the enemy gunners could come
out of their holes. So with a little less haste
and a little more care than the first, the
second attack progressed very favorably.

NELL, idly watching one of the
flank guns, noticed the squad
leader beckon to the sergeant and
when the sergeant went over,
pointed into the field, toward the railroad
track on the right. The sergeant had a
look with his glasses, then went for the
officer. There was a great deal of pointing
and looking and discussion, and finally the
officer crept over to Nell.

  “What’s at the other end of this ditch?”
he yelled.

  “There’s a culvert that goes under the
railroad track,” shouted Nell.

  The lieutenant asked another question,
but with the guns pounding and the one-
pounder whining, Nell could not hear it,
though he could see the cords in the officer’s
throat working when he yelled. Finally,
by putting his cupped hands to Nell’s ear,
the officer got out what he wanted to say.

  “-! are you deaf, or don’t you under-

tand English? I say are there any of our
troops on the other side of that-rail-
road track? For the love of -, show

some signs of intelligence!”

  The officer was a bit excited. In the first
place his target was obscured by smoke and
in the next place one of his guns had come
unclamped and had probably been spraying
the Americans for an unknown time, and in
the third place the fact that the machine-
guns had not been fired on was driving the
officer mad.

  The Boche knew they were there, of
that he was certain. They had plenty
of guns to shoot him up, and yet they
didn’t. Something was wrong, and he
didn’t have the slightest idea of what it
was. Nell yelled in his ear twice before
he paid any attention.

  “There are Boche on the other side of

  that railroad track,” cried Nell. “Boche!
Boche! You poor jiggering jug-head!”

  He added the last because he thought the
officer couldn’t hear him. The officer,
however, had caught the word “Boche.”
He jumped a foot and had another look
with his field glasses. Then he handed them,
or rather thrust them at Nell and pointed.
Nell turned the glasses in theindicateddirec-
tion. There were some Yanks under the rail-
road track setting up machine-guns. He
handed back the glasses, and ihe officer pro-
ceeded to have a rush of blood to the head,
judging by the color of his face.

  “Listen!” he bellowed. “If those are our
men they’ve got no business there. Dash
and blank and stripe and star and blazes!
Are they Boche or aren’t they?”

“Want me to go ask them?” asked Nell.
The officer heard that, as a deaf man al-
ways hears what he isn’t supposed to. He
gave Nell a dirty look and nodded his head
The officer then took another look.

  “Jump on the bank!” he cried. “They’re
looking at us! Tell ’em to come over here.”
Nell jumped up and seeing the distant
men looking at him, waved his hand. He
could see the white of every face looking his
way.

  “Give me your glasses!” he cried.

  The officer saw the gesture if he did not
get the words. He handed up his glass.
Nell took one look.

  “They’re Boche!” he cried. “They’re
Boche! Their uniforms are dry as a bone!
If they came across the river they’d be all
mud and wet!”

  The officer could not hear him and Nell
shouted the word “Boche” in his ear as
loudly as he could, but the officer shook his
head. He was not going to turn his guns on
some Americans just because he didn’t
know where they came from and Nell said
they were Boche.

  Then Nell gave a real screech and seized
the officer’s arm. The officer followed
Nell’s horror-stricken gaze. The gun on the
right was out of action, its crew lying quiet-
ly beside it, two of the next gun’s extra men
were in heaps, and a third was tearing open a
first-aid packet. A blood soaked puttee
told what he was going to use it for.

  The lieutenant started across the ditch
and went down as if the earth had caved in
under him. Nell still had the glasses and
these he turned on the men by the embank-
ment. They were still looking his way, but
33

Adventure

their guns were not the ones that were doing
the killing.

  “You boob!” cried Nell to himself. “In
the culvert, of course!”

  There was a gun there, sure enough, with
men in O. D. around it. Nell fled. He was
outside the ditch and so just safe from the
machine-gun’s fire. He ran with all his
might, the one thought in his mind that
trench mortars were death on machine-guns
and that in the lower end of the ditch were
trench mortars.

  As Nell approached the lower edge of the
ditch he saw that there was some confusion
there. The one-pounder squads were hur-
riedly getting out, several wounded men
were on the crest of the ditch, and officers
and non-coms were exercising their lungs.

  The first casualties from the machine-
gun in the culvert had not been noticed, but
when three guns went out of action, the ces-
sation of sound was easily noticeable.

  It was also possible for the men in the re-
maining sections to make themselves heard,
nor did it take very long for them to discover
the direction the firing was coming from.
Some went out on the front edge, others to
the rear. No attempt was made to reply
to the fire, the main idea was to get out of
the way of it.

  At this stage of affairs Nell arrived and
seizing a sergeant by the arm, imparted the
news that there were Boche in Yank uni-
forms setting up guns and that the gun
that was shooting down the ditch was in
the culvert. The sergeant dragged Nell to
an officer.

  “In the culvert, huh?” cried the officer.
“Up the ditch? Well, we’ll know where

to go then. Let’s change position and-

quick or we won’t have a man left.”

  He blew his whistle and waved his arm
wildly. Then he sent a runner to the trench
mortar men, who were on the other side of
the ditch, preparing to go forward to the
infantry.

  The effective range of a trench mortar is
only seven hundred yards and they had
been left in the ditch until the infantry had
got to that distance from the town, and a
favorable position for the employment of
the mortars had been found.

  “Meanwhile,” said the officer, “let’s have
a look at the Boche-Yanks. We don’t want
to go shooting up our own men. Mustn’t
trespass on the artillery’s privileges. Show
us ’em.”

   It was rather difficult to see because of the
smoke, but the officer, wriggling like a
snake, moved around until he got his glasses
on the gun crews by the embankment and
Nell saw his jaw muscles tighten. Then
ensued some directions in pantomime, and
the gun crew began to leap from shell hole to
shell hole. The officer stayed where he was
to adjust fire.

  Ping! went the one-pounder. The officer
signaled some correction and the gun fired
again, very rapidly, for fifteen or twenty
seconds.

  “That’s a bunch of dead Yanks or a
bunch of dead Boche now, one or the other,”
said the officer, slipping down into Nell’s
shell hole, “but I think they’re Boche. As
you say, they don’t look as if they came
across the river and I’ll bet the reason there
was no fire on this dilch was because the
Boche artillery was told to lay off any Yanks
they saw in it.

  “Anyway, Yanks have no business being
out there on the flank that way. The wise
eggs even had Hotchkiss guns to shoot
with. Now about these birds in the cul-
vert. They’re still firing down the ditch.
They got the runner I sent to the mortar
outfit. Let’s see if we can’t dig ’em out
There’s no crossing the ditch with them in
there.”

  The gun advanced and Nell went with the
officer, telling him how the culvert had an
elbow in it and how deep it was, and the
officer cursed because half of his platoon had
gone with the trench mortars just at the
time when he needed them most.

  “Say!” cried the officer suddenly. “You
better skip over to whoever’s in command
of the advance now and tell him his ma-
chine-gun support on this flank is no more.
I’ll drop a couple of shells at the entrance,
to that hole, and you run before the smoke
clears. We may be all day getting that
bunch out of there.”

NELL wondered why the officer
didn’t send one of his own run-
ners, but the officer wanted to
conserve his own personnel, for he
might have need of them later in the day.
So Nell gathered himself together and when
the little gun had dropped three shells, one
after the other, at the mouth of the culvert
he galloped across the ditch and dived into a
shell hole on the far side. There he fell
himself over to be sure he had not been hit.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

39

panted a while until he got his breath back
and then began to crawl from shell hole to
shell hole, until he should come up with the
infantry.

  Nell had about a thousand yards to
cover. This may not seem to be a very
great distance, but when a man must make
it on his stomach, crawling from shell hole
to shell hole, and waiting in the bottom of
each one until the fire lets up for a second or
two, it takes an unbelievable length of time.

  The infantry had made considerable ad-
vance. This the Germans discovered,
stopped trying to prevent the crossing of
troops along the river and concentrated
their fire on the men in the field. The ad-
vance was supported locally by machine-
gun, one-pounder and Stokes mortar, and
the artillery still pounded the German
positions.

  However, the enemy had destroyed every
bridge or makeshift as fast as it was put up,
and bridge building had finally stopped,
because there was no more material, nor
were there any engineers to put it up if there
had been. What few reserves had been left
across the river had been forced to come
over by wading, or by paddling themselves
across on the wreckage of the bridges.

  Nell had not gone very far before he
found the backwash of the attack. First
he came upon a machine-gun, set up and
evidently in working order, but abandoned.
Then he found rifles, blouses, rocket pistols,
helmets, water-soaked gas-masks, a pair of
field glasses with one side shot away, a
broken stretcher. Scattered among the
wreckage were the dead, a great many of
them. They*11 had on their gas masks, and
Nell wondered if they had been in the same
hape as his.

  He had got a bullet through the canister
when the patrol had been shot up and his
subsequent wading in the river had allowed
ithe water to get in and make cake out of the
contents, effectually closing the intake
valve, so that when he had put on his mask
he nearly smothered before he could get it
off again.

  There were occasional wounded in the
shell holes, but they were unable to con-
verse through their masks, even had they
had the inclination.

  “I’d better get a mask,” thought Nell,
“or I’ll be ending my mission right here.
I’ve got a hunch that all I’ll get out of this
wild rush to the front will be a pat on the

back with a spade, but there’s no use in
bringing it on.”

  He looked around the field and sure
enough saw a gas mask. A shell covered
him with dirt, but he paid it no heed. He
had ceased to notice either the shriek and
clang of shells, or the whine and crack of
bullets any more than a traveler on a train
is conscious of the whir of the wheels be-
neath him.

  Had he had more experience he would
have known that a gas-mask that was
thrown away must be useless, for it was the
last thing a soldier would part with. This
particular gas-mask was full of somebody’s
lunch.

  Nell rolled sidewise into a shell hole. It
was deeper and the side showed signs of
having been squared with a shovel. Nell
turned his head and discovered that there
were several Germans in the hole, but they
were harmless. They must have been a
machine-gun crew, but their gun was gone.
The men that had killed them had taken the
gun along to use in the attack.

  These Germans also had on masks. The
German mask was made of leather, a cone-
shaped affair, with a little gadget like the
bottom part of a kerosene lantern at the
point of the cone. This gadget contained
the material that neutralized the gas. The
apparatus was suspended from the wearer’s
face and not tied around his neck and be-
hind his back as the American mask was.

  It was therefore only necessary to remove
the German’s helmet to get his mask off.
This Nell did. Gas is nothing to be squeam-
ish with, and it is said of the British that
they took more desperate measures than this
in the early days when gas was first used
and they had no masks to protect them-
selves against it.

  A few holes beyond, Nell came on a trench
mortar, which its crew were swabbing out.

  “Where’s the man in command of this
shebeen?” cried Nell, lifting his mask.

  The mortar gunners made gestures ©f
ignorance with their hands. Nell there-
upon went his way. He had instinctively
clung to his rifle all this time, but his arm
was at the point of falling off from fatigue
and finally he let the rifle go. There were
lots of them lying around and he could pick
one up almost anywhere if he needed one.

  Without his rifle he found he could roll
like a barrel, which he did, and after explor-
ing about six holes, found one where three
40

Adventure

men lay on gray blankets, looking over the
edge from time to time. One of the men
had field glasses and Nell addressed himself
to him.

  “Where’s the major?” asked Nell.

  “He’s dead!” said the other, pulling the
side of his mask away from his cheek and
letting it snap back again.

  “Who’s in command?”

  The officer pointed to himself. He had a
first-lieutenant’s bar on the cuff of his
blouse.

  “I’ve just come from the machine-gun
company on the right,” said Nell. “They’ve
been cleaned out.”

  The officer nodded understandingly.
Maybe he knew it anyway. “How are the
one-pounders?” he asked.

  “I took them up to the track to clean
up some machine-guns,” said Nell. “I left
them at it and came up to report.”

  “Can you give us a hand here?” asked the
officer.

  Nell nodded.

  The officer then slid over and hooking
the rubber of his mask over Nell’s ear, be-
gan to speak rapidly.

  “I’m in command here. There’s a com-
pany on the right that hasn’t got any non-
coms left even and I’m afraid they’ll break.
We’ve got the razor edge of a chance if we
can once get the men to rush. If we get into
the town we’ll be safe from lots of things we
aren’t out here. They can send us over all
kinds of supports after dark.

  “I’ve been sending out runners to have
all the machine-guns and trench mortars
and everything in sight fire on the town
steadily for twenty minutes, and then we’ll
get up and dash for it. It’s three-thirty
now. We can hang on for another hour
and a half—few casualties if we don’t try to
advance—and at five o’clock over we go.
Can you take ’em along?”

  Nell nodded.

  “What’s your rank?” asked the officer.
“You may be my senior for all I know.”

NELL laughed in his mask and
was about to assure the officer
that he was only a private, when
he suddenly changed his mind.
His tailor-made uniform—was that it? No,
sir. He remembered the machine-gun offi-
cer’s field glasses. He had them still about
his neck, the strap plainly visible, and the
glasses in his gas-mask carrier, where the

mask itself was carried when not being worn.

  Nell’s American mask had been hanging
by its hose for some time. So the lieutenant
thought Nell was an officer.

  “So I am,” said Nell to himself. “I’m
just as good as one, maybe better. I used
to be a sergeant of cavalry.”

  Therefore he nodded vigorously to the
officer, shook his hand, and crawled off in
the direction the officer had pointed out to
him, where his new company lay. He be-
gan to find the shell holes full of wild-eyed
infantry, some of whom fired at the houses
in the town, and others sent rifle grenades
tumbling.

  Nell began to wonder how he would know
where his bunch were. He rolled into a
shell hole and found four men in it, eating
sausage and cheese out of a German knap-
sack. Without further parley, one of the
men offered Nell some and he, remembering
that he had had no food since early morning,
took some willingly.

  One of the men suddenly removed a piece
of sausage from his mouth, which he left
open. He appeared to listen a moment and
then suddenly turned on his knees and
cautiously stuck his head over the side of
the shell hole. Nell heard a clamor of
voices, like the sound a crowd makes when
the circus parade comes into view. The
man on his knees jumped to his feet and tore
off his gas-mask.

  “Here comes our friends, gang!” he cried,
and he began to fire his rifle as rapidly as he
could.

  The basis of the German tactical system
has been, since the time of Frederick the
Great, that of attack in mass. Their belie
has been that while the mass attack provide
for a short time a very large target, the effect
of the mass on arriving at a thin firing-line
will be irresistible. The system often works
or it would not have been retained so long.

  The mass relies mainly upon shock ac-
tion for its effect, the same as charging
cavalry do, and like charging cavalry, the
mass fails before intrenched or unbroken
infantry. However, when an enemy ad-
vance has proceeded some time, when the
officers and non-commissioned officers have
been killed off or wounded, when men are
scattered here and there in shell holes, and
the units of platoon, company, and bat-
talion are all tangled up in each other, the
opportune moment for the employment of
shock action has arrived.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

41

  Nell poked his head over the edge of the
shell hole. Oh man! There was a column
of big husky Huns advancing at the gallop,
so near that Nell could see their expressions.
They looked mean. Their coal-scuttle
helmets shadowed their faces and from un-
der the vizors peered burning eyes, tight-
lipped scowls and teeth skinned by blood-
curdling grins.

  These Boche were not tired looking, their
uniforms were neither wet nor torn, they
displayed intense eagerness to drink hot
blood from Yankees’ throats. Nell thought
of a crowd he had once seen sweep off the
center field bleachers and start for an
umpire.

  Pop bottles began to fly. They weren’t
really pop bottles, but stick grenades, as
the sound soon told. Nell remembered
that once upon a time a famous man had
said that the Americans had no quarrel with
the German people. Nell wished that man
was there then to remind those Germans of
that fact.

  The Germans had come out from behind
the town—there must have been a trench
there—and were attacking the right of the
American advance. Two-thirds of the
Americans could not fire because their own
men were between them and the Germans,
and the Germans had foreseen that when
the counter attack had been planned.
They moved along rapidly.

  Some Yanks stood up in the first bunch
of shell holes and gave battle. The counter
attack rolled over them without even hesi-
tating, the Germans being very nearly
fifty to one. The men in the next shell
hole had their hands in the air when they
stood up. They might just as well have
put up a fight. Some of the Americans
began to go away and Nell remembered
that he had no rifle.

  He looked to see if there were any on
the ground, and discovered that he was
alone, and the rush not ten feet away.
Something struck him on the arm, numbing
it. He thought at once that he had been
hit, but on looking he saw a stick grenade
still rolling in the bottom of the shell hole.
Nell retired. A man that disputes the way
with an express train is not called brave.

  All along the line the Americans gave
back. The men weren’t panic-stricken,
but they saw quite clearly that they were
licked and there was no use staying there
to be mopped up by those wild barbarians

with their sawtoothed bayonets. It was
lucky the Germans had no cavalry, thought
Nell.

  A cavalry charge at this time would have
gone through and through the lines, lashed
a retreat into a panicky rout, hurled these
men back in a mob upon their machine-
guns, and driven the remnants into the
river to drown. Infantry, while they may
achieve the same initial success as cavalry,
can not exploit it, for they can not move
any faster, or even as fast, as the men who
are retreating.

NOW in back of the Yank ad-
vance had been machine-guns,
one-pounders and mortars, using
overhead fire. When the Ameri-
cans reached these guns there was some
effort made to stop them. There were non-
coms and an officer or two there who made
heroic efforts to get the men to turn. The
American artillery, unaided by balloon or
plane and firing blindly for the most part,
had its own observers on the high ground
across the river, and these had telephoned
their guns the instant the rush began. It
takes a minute or two to figure a little fire
dope and change the sights, but now the
enemy column was getting a flock of shells
in its ranks. The machine-guns were
pounding it with a will and its formation
began to have cracks in it.

  Panic is much like a fire in dry leaves.
It starts from very little, but it doesn’t
take long to spread and the farther it goes,
the worse it gets. Nell tried hard to keep
his head, but every time he looked around
he saw men going, and when he got to the
machine-gun line, he could see two or three
guns already abandoned.

  It looked as if all the ground that had
been taken with so much trouble, and that
had cost so many lives, was going to be lost.
The Germans were advancing from right to
left of the Americans, their idea being to
roll up the flank and drive the Yanks out
of their positions so near the town. Hence
Nell, who had run parallel with the river,
had got some distance from the boche.
He jumped into a shell hole to catch his
breath, and removed his mask to breathe
easier.

  “Got a letter for me?” said a voice.

  Nell turned. Behold the high cheek-
bones and lantern jaw of the hard-boiled
man.
42

Adventure

  “What do you mean, letter?” asked Nell,
hoping the other had not seen him running.

  “You look like you was carryin’ the
mail,” said the hard-boiled man.

  “I’m looking for a rifle,” said Nell
weakly.

  “Huh!” grunted the other. “There’s
plenty round.”

  “Show me one,” said Nell, “and I’ll go
back and lick those Boche single handed.”

  “I got a Luger you can have,” said the
other, tendering Nell a German pistol.

 “That’s no good,” said Nell. “You
can’t do any good with that.”

  ■“Maybe you could scare ’em with it,”
suggested the hard-boiled man.

  “Those birds aren’t so wise now,” re-
marked Nell, taking another peek out of
the hole.

  The Germans were being heavily pun-
ished by the American artillery and the
machine-guns across the river. Some ran
about in confusion and others were jumping
into shell holes and getting under cover.
The other man stuck his head up.

  “Right now,” said he, “would be the
time to go to give them guys a good swift
kick in the nose. Let’s you an’ me get
some kind of a gang an’ go do it.”

  A third man, wearing a mask, arrived in
the shell hole with a rush. He turned the
goggling eye-pieces upon each of the men,
then he seized Nell’s arm.

  “You’re just the man I’m looking for!”
he rumbled faintly. “What are you doing
here?”

  “We were just planning a counter at-
tack,” said Nell.

  The third man removed his mask, re-
vealing the features of the lieutenant who
had thought Nell was an officer, and sniffed.

  “Guess I can take a chance for a minute,”
he said. “Those Boche have been shaken
up by our artillery and what few guns I’ve
still got in the field here. Their officers
are getting them together for another rush.
They’ve been firing rockets for the last
ten minutes. If we can get these men to
follow us, I think we could do something,
but we’ve got to do it quick! You take
the left and I’ll take the right!”

  He looked at his wrist watch.

  “Can you get them ready in five minutes?
Try it. When I blow the whistle, let’s get
up and get at ’em. And if we don’t bust
up this attack we’re done!”

  He put his mask on again and was gone.

  “We’d better start,” said the hard-
boiled man. “Five minutes ain’t much to
warm up the feet o’ this gang.”

  “Think we ought to put on our masks?”
asked Nell.

  “I ain’t goin’ to put on mine,” said the
other. “I got a cold an’ I’ve heard gas
was good for it.”

  The two started for the next shell hole.
It was empty, but the one beyond held
five men.

  “We ain’t got no ammunition,” said they
in response to Nell’s announcement that a
counter attack would start in five minutes.

  “You won’t need any,” said Nell. “A
bayonet will do. Remember the only
chance we got is to get into that town.
They’ll wreck us if we try to cross the river
again!”

  The next shell hole received the news in
silence. There were two men in it. Be-
tween that shell hole and the next, out of
which stuck the muzzle of a machine-gun,
some one threw a handful of gravel at the
two men, at least that was what it felt like.
Little bits of dirt stung their faces. The
two men went into the hole like frogs into
water.

  “Machine-gun,” said Nell.

  “They seen us,” agreed the hard-boiled
man.

  Some pieces of grass blew along. The
gun was still going, and it was very clear
that the organizers of the counter attack
would go no farther. They inspected the
shell hole into which they had leaped.

  There was a machine-gun in it, standing
above a great pile of empty clips. There
was a handful of rifle shells, a first-aid
packet ripped open and empty, and a can-
teen, also empty. Here was evidence of
the desperate state of the Americans. An
advancing battalion with a river at its
back is liable to run short of ammunition.
A rifleman can burn up a tremendous
amount of cartridges, upward of four or
five hundred rounds in a day, provided he
can get it. The ammunition pockets in
his belt will hold only a certain amount,
and the amount that can be carried in
bandoliers is limited.

  In the shank of the day the dead and
wounded do not yield very much ammuni-
tion, having been shooting all day them-
selves. A machine-gun is in the same fix
as a rifle, only more so, because of its greater
rapidity of fire.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

43

  The men of Nell’s battalion had been
without sleep for two nights, and had been
fighting hard since daybreak. A soldier
gets tired as well as any other man. Their
wet clothes were uncomfortable, and they
had drunk up all their water. The Boche
had given them a rub a few minutes ago,
but they were too tired to run very far.
Hence they stayed in the shell holes into
which they had fled. The next shove, the
enemy would carry them to the river, and
that would end the battalion.

  Nell had a pull at his canteen. There
was just a trickle of water left in it.

  “-,” he muttered, “I don’t remember

drinking all that water!”

  It was gone, though, and he thought
that the rest of the outfit must be just as
dry as he.

  “What’ll we do now?” he asked his
companion.

  “We can stay in the hole,” said the hard-
boiled man, “an’ get killed when the Boche
jump us, or we can go along tellin’ these
guys that there’s a party bein’ planned, and
be killed right now.”

  “I know something better than that,”
said Nell. “Let’s yell and tell ’em to pass
it along!”

  “Try it!”

  Nell cupped his hands around his mouth
and yelled:

  “Counter attack in five minutes! Pass
it along!”

  He listened to see if any one repeated
what he said. No sound, save the faint
yelling of the Boche non-coms, distant
shells grunting, and the yapping of guns in
the town. He called again, without suc-
cess.

  “You an’ me y ell together,” he said to the
hard-boiled man, so they both yelled and
this time, like an echo, they heard someone
call:

  “Counter attack in five minutes! Pass
it along!”

  The two listened to hear it passed, but
they were disappointed.

  “Let’s yell again,” suggested Nell and
took a deep breath.

  Wheeeee! IVheeeee!

  “The whistle!” gasped Nell.

  Then he and the hard-boiled man
jumped to their feet and went out of
the shell hole.

  “Come on!” they cried. “Let’s go!
Everybody up! Come outta your hole!”

THERE was about as much
enthusiasm as there would have
been at a temperance meeting
with these same soldiers being
exhorted to step up and sign the pledge.
There are about a thousand men in a bat-
talion and there should have been between
three and four hundred of them left to
spring to their feet with a ringing cheer, but
after fourteen hours of fighting, a man
neither springs nor cheers.

  Nell’s startled eye saw that not over
fifteen men were following him and the hard-
boiled man, and that on the left where the
officer was supposed to be, there was no one.
A man jumped from shell hole to shell hole,
blowing a whistle, and they could see his
foot swinging, but a kick in the stern is not
half so bad as a machine-gun bullet in the
bow, and the men refused to come out.

  “It’s too late to go back now,” thought
Nell, “we’re as dead as geese!”

  He continued to run forward. A Ger-
man stood up and aimed a pistol at him.
Nell threw up his hand and discovered that
he had in it a machine-gun ammunition
carrier, a large thin box. Where had he
picked that up?

  He forgot the German and looked about
for a rifle. No sign of one. Behind him
he heard grunts. His supporters were do-
ing up the Germans. Nell’s breath came

pantingly now. Where were those -

Boche? He dodged between shell holes and
jumped over bodies. What would he do
without a rifle when he reached the enemy?

  He had not made up his mind when he
reached them, and so there was nothing to
do but to shatter the ammunition box over
the head of one man and drive his fist into
another man’s nose. Then the third,
fourth and fifth men went down in a heap
with Nell on the bottom. It did not seem
that he had hit the ground before he was
up again and unencumbered. His twenty
men were still with him and they had all
jumped into that same shell hole.

  “Out we go,” cried the hard-boiled man,
and away they went.

  There is this disadvantage to a terrain
full of shell holes. A force gets into them,
and the tendency is to keep the head down,
thus preventing the reception of signals or
commands. Such a condition is at its worst
among a soldiery like the German army,
where the individual is not supposed to do
anj' thinking for himself.
44

Adventure

  Nell had armed himself with a German
rifle and had led his devoted band some
ten yards into the German line, skewering
with a will, before any notice was taken of
a counter attack. The machine-gunners in
the town knew of it, all right, and must have
made the air black with harsh words, but
they could not fire without endangering
their own men. The twenty kept on.
They made astonishing progress, for the
Germans were still disorganized, and the
shouts of their officers did not convey any
meaning to them except that efforts at
further progress to the front were going to
be made.

  When they caught the words “Ameri-
cans,” “Counter attack,” and heard ex-
cited voices, they attributed it all to the
aforesaid efforts at reorganization. Thus
the Americans found many of the enemy
still lying flat in their shell holes.

  However, the noise and shouts in German
continued, and when it finally dawned on
the Germans that their enemies were run-
ning wild in the shell holes, they arose and
began to show signs of fight. The Ameri-
can machine-guns, what few had any am-
munition left, began to take toll of some,
but the rest pulled the strings out of their
grenades, and having hurled them bore
down upon the twenty Americans, whose
number was reduced to six in as little time
as it takes to tell it.

  Nell smote a helmet that proved to be
empty, stung his hands and broke his rifle.
Then, looking frantically about for another
rifle, he saw a machine-gun, a German, two
of its crew dead, and the rest running as
fast as possible toward a group of Germans
who were getting ready to throw grenades.

  “Git out the way!” cried Nell and hurled
himself at the gun.

  His fingers seized the handles and his
thumbs fell naturally into place on the
thumb-pieces. The gun began to fire be-
fore Nell knew how he had started it. It
jumped and wiggled like an eel. The vi-
bration was terrible. Nell sent a burst
into the ground that threw up a cloud of
grass and stones; he leaned back and sent
one into air that probably went across the
river and landed among the guns on the
narrow-gage track, and the third he got into
a line of Boche that were running toward
him with very threatening looks.

  “Wow!” howled Nell as the line disap-
peared.

  He saw another group to the right and
swung his gun at them, expecting them to
go down like grass before the scythe. They
did not mind a bit, but continued to ad-
vance, some firing their rifles, and some
preparing grenades.

  It is quite a stunt to shoot a heavy ma-
chine-gun and do it right, because the force
of the machinery working has a very dis-
tracting effect on the aim, and Nell never
having fired a machine-gun in his life, knew
nothing about resting his elbows on his
knees, or pulling down hard on the handles,
or any of the other ways of controlling the
gun’s actions.

  “Cut out shootin’ that-gun,” cried a

voice in his ear. “Here come our guys and
some of ’em might get hurted.”

  Nell twisted his head and beheld the
hard-boiled man, who pointed to a line of
trotting Yanks. They had heard the yell-
ing of the Boche, and poking up their heads
in expectation of attack, had discovered the
thin brown line of Yanks leaping about and
poking their bayonets at Hunnish stomachs.

  Some of the Yanks came out and began
to run toward the fight. More followed.
The lieutenant took heart again and urged
with foot and voice. An advance is just
as contagious as a retreat, once it gets
started in good shape. More men sprang
up, and hurried along. They were as eager
now to close with the enemy as they had
been to stay in their holes a few minutes
before. The Germans began to give back.

  “Don’t bother me,” cried Nell, “get
away from the front of this gun! I got
work to do.”

  He turned the muzzle on some Boche
who were moving a gun to a better hole.
Out of the fifty or sixty shots that he threw
at them, one took effect, upon the man who
was carrying the tripod. The man let go
his hold, the tripod fell on the foot of one
of the men with the gun, who in turn let
go the gun and seized his foot.

  The rest of the crew dropped what they
were carrying and took wings. Nell sent
some more bullets into the ground and be-
gant to feel fatigue in his arms. The gun
coughed and was silent. Nell pushed on
the thumb piece, but nothing happened.
He pounded the breech, as he had seen
gunners do when there was a jam, but the
gun made no response.

  “It won’t shoot unless it has bullets,”
said a man. “Put in another belt.”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

45

THE man ran by about his
business. A German appeared
from somewhere, a black-faced
man with a three days’ growth of
beard, and a little round cap around his
ears. He engaged in a bicker with a Yank,
and proved to be the better man. Then
he advanced on Nell. Nell decided to go
elsewhere, and raised a little cloud of dust
doing it.

  “Hey, wait for me,” called the hard-
boiled man, and pausing to shoot the
black-faced German, he followed Nell.

  “You better get a rifle,” he panted, in
Nell’s ear, when he had caught up with him.
“You hadn’t ought to be chasin’ around
without one. If one o’ these birds happens
to get mad at you, you want to have some-
thin’ to talk back with. Here’s a good hole,
let’s catch our breath!”

  “No,” cried Nell. “Don’t let this gang
get stopped again. We’ve got these jerries
worried, let’s shove ’em good. If we once

get into the town we can hold it till-goes

out. Follow me!” he cried, as loudly as he
could for his dry throat. “Follow me!”

  Some near at hand heard and echoed his
shout.

  “Keep goin’!” they called. “Into the
town!”

  Some followed Nell, some stayed behind
to finish what they were doing. Still others
could not advance because the enemy in
front outnumbered them.

  The contending forces swayed back and
forth a few seconds like wrestlers before
a fall. In pitched fights like this, but one
force can be victor, there is no halfway
decision possible, and the side that has the
most determination wins. The Americans,
after having been pounded since daylight
by bullet, grenade and shell, ducked in the
river, and burned by the sun in the fields,
once thrown back and almost routed, were
at last at hand grips with their enemy,
within reach of the town and victory and
they would not be denied.

  They gave a solemn shout, more a croak
than a cheer, and every man calling up
his last strength, fired his last cartridge,
hurled his last grenade, and rushed forward
with the bayonet.

  sThe Germans recoiled, gave ground,
turned, broke, and scattered in wild flight.
The Americans followed and a fearful snarl-
ing crowd of both armies swept into the
town, and jammed in the narrow streets,

continued the battle there. Germans poured
from door, window and cellar entrance.
Some fought. Others surrendered and a
-of a lot of good it did them.

  Nell pursued a German that ran before
him. This German had a rifle and Nell
wanted it. At his side galloped the hard-
boiled man, whooping. The two of them
caught up with the German and leaped up-
on his back. When Nell arose he had the
rifle and was looking into the business end
of several more that protruded from a door.

  “Git ’em!” he croaked, and only hoping
that he would reach one before he was killed,
he lunged forward.

  He knew the rifles went off, for he felt
the blast of their discharge, then he was
through the door and shoving an impaled
German against the wall. A table went
over, and a man tripped in its cloth and
went headlong into a cupboard full of pans
that clanked dolefully. A flower pot on a
window sill jumped a little, and dissolved
into dirt and fragments.

  If there is in hell any such turmoil and
noise as there was in that narrow street,
then it must be hell indeed.

  There was the continuous explosion of
grenades, the crash of shells and the wild
yells, now distant, now under the very
windows, of men gone back to their first
beginnings and clawing at each other’s
throat. There was no rifle shooting, the
Americans wanted to feel their antagonists
under their blows. Butts, bayonets and
naked hands were the things.

  There was a sound of pounding feet.
Some Yanks had just crowded in the door,
but finding no one but two of their own men
went out again. Nell jerked his blouse
from the locked fingers of the men he had
fought with and got up. Where was the
hard-boiled man? The house shook as
though it were built on the side of a track_
and a train going by. Bits of plaster and
little clouds of dust filled the air. The
trembling of the house and the rattling
noise continued.

  “There’s a gun upstairs!” shrieked Nell.

  The hard-boiled man was by the fireplace
tugging at the overturned table. Nell,
without knowing why, helped him to right
it, and shove it out into the room, close
to the front wall. The hard-boiled man
leaped upon it, and clutching his rifle,
crouched, and then with a gasping effort,
shoved upward with his bayonet through
46

Adventure

the ceiling. There was a shriek that all
the clamor in the street could not drown.

  The hard-boiled man leaped in air and
clung to his rifle like an ape, but the bayo-
net was wedged too tightly in plank and
lath—and something else—and would not
come out. The trembling stopped and the
hard-boiled man let go his rifle and dropped
to the table.

  “The gun! They’ll fire through the ceil-
ing!” he cried to Nell.

  With the words there was a roar, plaster
flew down, and a cloud of dust leaped up-
ward from the floor. The hard-boiled man
gave a leap and dived through a window
by the fireplace, taking sash and broken
glass with him. Nell went through the
back of the house, where a shell had broken
in the wall.

  He was in a garden, a tiny enclosure with
well kept rows of vegetables. The Boche
had been caring for that garden all sum-
mer. The noise from the street came faint-
ly here, but beyond the next row of houses
men ran hither and yon, and smoke rose
above the roofs.

  “Gee, it’s dark,” said Nell. “It must
be late.”

  He was surprized that the twilight had
come so soon. He looked up at the sky
to assure himself that the sun was really
setting and that it was not his imagination
that made the air so gloomy. The high
white clouds were pink and their edges
blue with shadow.

  A great black shape passed swiftly over-
head, just above the trees. Two more
followed, and then three. Nell crouched
against the wall of the house. On the wide-
flung wings of those fearful things he had
seen the thin arms of a cross and knew
the enemy airplane, although he had never
seen one before.

CRASH! Nell’s wits were some
time in returning after the heav-
ens had fallen that way, and
when they did, he found he had
turned and run back between the houses
almost to the street by which he had first
entered the town. The dead lay in that
street like leaves, and white-faced men,
German and American, fled together under
the trees.

 Another bomb, and a house crumpled
in upon itself like a structure of cards.
Nell turned away. There was a German

machine-gun crew lying in a heap on their
overturned gun, almost at his feet, and
among them was the hard-boiled man, one
hand grasping the hilt of a hidden trench
knife and the other upon the handle of the
gun. Bombs rained down, one on the heels
of another, on Boche and Yank alike, but
Nell waited.

  His rifle was gone long ago, and he was
unarmed, but he wanted to make sure he
could not help his comrade. It was im-
possible. The other had been shot through
and through by the machine-gun in the
room above, but yet had taken toll of the
gun crew outside the window before he
died, as he had lived, a hard-boiled man.

  And the rest of the gun crew must have
been dead when he had leaped on them, or
had been killed soon after, for he lay as he
had come from the window.

  Nell found himself running, as does a
man in a dream. Four Germans passed
him within arms’ length, and though they
saw him clearly, they made no sign, but
kept on their way. Nell ran along, going
sometimes through one wall and then the
other of a shattered house, skipping over
shattered limbs of trees, going through the
gate of a barbed-wire barricade, a gate with
the saw-buck affair that closed it, swung
wide as it had been to let the retreating
Germans through.

  He came at last to a great wide street,
silent and deserted. He ran down this,
paying no heed to distant firing, nor the
sounds of men running by him in the dark-
ness. When the street ended at the river,
he stopped, but seeing the fragments of
the shattered bridge below him, he jumped
down with the courage of desperation, and
slipping and sliding from one block of
cement to the other, got across to where
some machine-gunners on the other side
helped him to shore and gave him a blanket
to put over his head, and in which he might
stifle his sobs.

  There was a fearful calm along the riv-
er now. The machine-gunners whispered
among themselves, but their gun was silent.
No lights went up when darkness fell, for
the enemy knew there would be no more
attempts on the town that night. The
corporal of the gun-squad finally detailed
two men for duty with the gun, and he and
two others crawled into the hole where
Nell lay, and prepared to sleep.

  “Better take _a little rest,” said the
A Sergeant of Cavalry

47

corporal to Nell. “You may need it.”

  “I suppose we’ll try our luck again in
the morning,” said Nell.

  “Not a chance,” said the other man.
“There ain’t enough of this division left to
take a machine-gun nest. I got just one
clip for this gun an’ I’m savin’ it for any
jerry that tried to come across the same
way you did.”

  Nell had thought that he could not sleep,
but he did at last, and had no sooner closed
his eyes than a man shook him violently by
the shoulder.

  “I will tell you that this man is dead,”
said a far-away voice. “I’m all tuckered
out shakin' at him. I’m fer lettin’ him lie.”

  “I’m awake," said Nell. “What the-

do you want?”

  “Git up,” said another man. “Stir your-
self, we got to be on our way.”

  Nell struggled to his feet. The night was
black and a gentle rain soaked everything
it touched.

  “Where’s the man that said we wouldn’t
take another crack at the town?” groaned
Nell.

  “We ain’t takin’ no cracks at no one,”
said the man who had awakened Nell.
“We re bein’ relieved. Come on, let's get
outta here.”

  “Relieved?” cried Nell. “That may do
for you, but I’m no machine-gunner. How
do I know my outfit's being relieved?”

  “Aw, the whole —— division’s bein’ re-
lieved,” said the other. “Whaddyuh think,
we can stand this kind of a racket forever?
Ever play freeze-out? Well, we been playin’
freeze-out with the Boche, all our chips is
gone an’ some one else is gonna sit in.”

  A harsh whisper echoed from the dark-
ness.

  “Now sergeant, don’t go hectorin’ me
about 110 spare barrel. The only thought
I hev got is to get out uv range. I hev
been a good soldier and done as you said
whenever you spoke, but if you go botherin’
an’ naggin’ at me now, when I hain’t had
no sleep fer a week, I’ll git into a state uv
mind, now you better believe.”

  Some one barked a command for silence.
The machine-gunners began to move off
and some one else tugged at Nell’s sleeve.
He followed. There was a tremendous
number of men moving in the darkness and
when they came out on the road and had
marched some distance, they found it filled
with machine-gun carts, ammunition carts

and infantry standing about in slickers.
Nell and his comrades increased their pace.
He had no idea of how many there were
with him, but from the sound there must be
quite a column. They marched as fast as
they could, chafed and swore in the halts,
and swore roundly whenever trucks got in
the way.

  “Think we’re outta range yet?” they
muttered.

  Day found them still on the road, wet and
shivering, for very few of them had any
slickers. Nell could now see that his ma-
chine-gunners had indeed joined a column,
the remnants of the division, men wild
eyed, bearded and haggard, their clothing
torn, their equipment gone, and their one
thought to put as much ground between
them and the enemy as they could, while
they were able to move one foot after the
other. Every time they thought they were
safely away, they would pass a great cater-
pillar gun, or see the green netting that
covered a battery of snake-necked heavies,
and know that they still were within reach
of enemy shells.

  The column at last turned into some
woods and the order being given to fall out,
the men fell out and down, under the first
wet bush they saw, and slept heavily.
They slept until late in the afternoon and
then began to arise and clamor for food.

  While supper and dinner combined was
being served, men circulated through the
woods, calling for members of the differ-
ent units and telling them where to report
to join their own organization. Infantry,
machine-gunners and signal corps men were
all mixed up with each other, and it would
be a difficult job to unscramble them again.

  The first battalion, to which Nell be-
longed, was in a farm a few hundred yards
down the road. Nell went there, sadly
enough, thinking of the men of his squad,
and of what had happened to them. The
man that had died the first day in the
woods, Spagett and the corporal in the
ditch, Goodrich, Nell’s captain, the hard-
boiled man. Nell entered the farm and the
first man he saw was one who sat under a
shed, bending over a brass 75 shell.

  “Do I know you?” asked Nell.

  The other man looked up. It was Curran.

  “Well, hullo!” he cried. “So they didn’t
get you either. I seen you runnin’ around
like a.crazy man. Boy, I guess you an’ me
are the sole survivors of our old gang.
48

Adventure

Golly! All them guys gone, just for a little
town, an’ then we didn’t get it after all!”
“When did they bump off the captain?”
asked Nell.

  “Why, they got him when we first started
out. Some guys were going to carry him
out, but he says to leave him in a shell hole.
So they left him. An’ he props himself up
on a jerry knapsack an’ hollers, ‘You ——,
don’t let me see you runnin’ away! You
may think I’m out of it, but if any man
starts to beat it he’ll find he’s mistaken.’
I don’t know what happened to him after
that, because things got warm, but he
stopped hollerin’ after a while, an’ I guess
they croaked him.”*

  “I see you managed to save your vase
after all?”

 “Now ain’t that -cried Curran.

“After all that trouble I took and bringin’
it safe in an’ everythin’, an’ then last night
some great big mule-footed jughead goes an’
tramps on it. I think I can fix it, though,”
he continued, bending over the shell solici-
tously. “I c’n put a block or somethin’ in
there an’ maybe pound the dent out of it
that way.”

  A man came out of one of the doors about
the farm yard and was going out the gate
when he noticed Nell. He stopped and
looked again, and then came over to him.

  “I’ve been wondering about you,” said
the man. “I was beginning to be afraid
that the boche had gotten you after all.”

  It was the lieutenant that had led the last
dash into the town.

  “I guess they didn’t get me, sir,” said
Nell, grinning, “although I thought they
were going to once or twice in that town.”
“How did your outfit make out?” asked
the lieutenant.

  “I guess they’re pretty well shot. I was
just talking with Curran here about the
captain.”

  “Why, this man’s in my battalion,” said
the officer in perplexity.

  “So am I,” said Nell. “I’m out of G
Company.”

  “Out of G Company,” cried the officer,
“why I thought I knew all the lieutenants
in that company. Let’s see, there’s Noble
and Trelawney, and——”

  “I’m not an officer,” said Nell, sorely em-
barrassed. “I’m just a buck private.”

  The officer was speechless.

  “You’re just a private!” he gasped.
  “That’s all,” said Nell.

  “An’ he’s a John, too,” spoke up Curran.
“He just joined the night we went up.”

  The officer’s mouth shut like a trap.
“Come with me!” said he, and seizing
Nell’s arm, rushed him through the little
door into the farmhouse.

  There was a table in there, and a lot of
maps and papers, and a mob of officers
sitting and standing. The division com-
mander was making the rounds, and this
was the P. C. of Nell’s regiment.

  The lieutenant shoved his way to the
table and saluted the white-mustached man
with the gold and the two stars on his over-
seas cap that sat there.

  “General,” said he, “you’ll pardon me for
interruption, but I have just found the
officer I was telling you about. He’s the
man that led the counter attack and saved
us all from being wiped out. He isn’t an
officer, he’s just a private, but he ought to
be one, and so I’m going to recommend him
for a commission for gallantry in action!”
The general bent a lowering gaze on Nell.
“Hurrumphl” said he. “Write me a letter
about it, put your recommendation through
channels, and we’ll see about it.”

  Then he proceeded with his inspection of
a pile of papers.

  “Meanwhile,” said the lieutenant, as
they went out, “I’m in command of the
battalion. We won’t have any officer re-
placements until tomorrow, when we get to
the railhead, so you’ll command G Com-
pany. There are some corporals that you’ll
rank, but you needn’t mind that. Have your
company on the road by seven o’clock.”

         NELL had no trouble with his
company. There weren’t many
more men there than he had had
in his platoon in the old regi-
ment. A war strength company goes into
action with about two hundred and forty
men and Nell had forty-eight survivors to
command. The men accepted him without
question. His uniform was creased and
dirty, but still it was plainly tailor-made and
Nell’s appearance and actions were such as
to command respect.

  “Who the-is that guy?” asked some.

  “He’s the guy that brung back the pa-
trol,” said others, or “He’s the guy that led
the counter attack when we was gettin*
ready to pull outta the wheat,” or “If it
hadn’t a been for him there wouldn’t none
of us got out of that field.”
A Sergeant of Cavalry

49

  So throughout the night he led them and
no one fell out, and no one tried to hop a
ride on a truck, and when at the end of
the march, Nell led his forty-eight into a
barn and put them to sleep in the hay
without waiting to get permission to do
so, they profanely allowed that he was the

best--officer they had ever met in all

their travels.

  Nell had marched in a daze all night. A
commission for gallantry! That was quite
a thing. He didn’t know yet how he liked
it. It was like taking strange liquor; one
had to wait until the kick came before giving
a decision on it.

  “I ain’t half as thrilled as I ought to be,”
decided Nell.

  He was still thinking about it as he made
up his bed in a horse stall. He had ac-
quired some blankets and an overcoat from
a salvage pile and these were his coverings.
There was a little window by the stall and
Nell looked out of it for a minute.

  “Huh!” he grunted in surprize.

  There was a clattering of hoofs on a dis-
tant road, and then the softj thud, thud of
them on grass. There was no moon, but
the stars were out and Nell could see a thick
clump of moving objects, too tall for in-
fantry, and too close together for artillery,
going across the field behind the barn.

  There was a succession of mournful crys
and the mass halted. There was a rustle
of movement, and then a confusion of soft
sound. Men called to each other, com-
mands rang out, there was the sound of
hammering on wood.

  “Yessir,” cried Nell, “that’s an outfit
of cavalry and they’re puttin’ up a picket
line. I’ll go look at ’em in the morning.”

  Bugles awakened Nell, but he found they
were not the bugles of his regiment. The
infantry were allowed to sleep late and
it was scarcely daylight, the cool of a late-
summer morning, with birds singing in the
trees, old French women driving cows to
pasture, and a bright blue sky overhead.

  Nell put on his shoes, anyway, for he
wanted to see what outfit that cavalry be-
longed to, and it would be an hour before
his company would be turned out for rev-
eille. Down behind the barn he went.
There was cavalry and no mistake, with two
long picket lines, the horses stamping and
kicking, their tails waving, and the air full
of hay that was being tossed down for their
breakfast.

  4

  The picket guard were putting on nose
bags and the horses nickered eagerly,) and
squealed and bit at each other, in their im-
patience. A man sang, heaving forkfuls of
hay into the air:

“Curry-comb and brush in the off-side pocket,

On the nigh side picket pin an’ line.

If your horse won’t go for the proddin’ of the spur,''
Then you’ll have to mix him up some turpentine.”

  Nell choked. That song was one of his
favorites. The smell of hay was in his
nostrils and the smell of leather, and of
horse, and of bacon frying, and no old
cavalryman can stand the combination
dry-eyed.

  “Hey, Jerry!” called some one. “Them
hard-tails o’ yours been fed yet? Better
get a move on.”

  Nell’s ears began to sing and his heart
expanded so that it was difficult to breathe.
He picked up a nose bag and examined it,
though the picket guard eyed him suspi-
ciously. On the bottom of it was stenciled
a pair of crossed sabres, with the number 18
above, and the letter B below.

  Nell took a deep breath. This was his
old regiment, and if this picket line was B
troop’s, the next must be A, and that was
Sergeant Olsen calling to Jerry Daffinee, the
wagon driver. Nell would have known his
voice had he heard it among those of the
entire regiment.

  He went between two horses—old friends,
too, “68” and “Toodles,” which last
snapped his teeth at Nell’s arm and then
flung his head high to escape the well-
merited slap that he feared was coming.
But Nell did not slap him. He was looking
for his buddy.

  “Oley!” he called.

  The sergeant at the other end of the
picket line nearly leaped out of his clothes
and then made another leap that carried
him to Nell.

  “What the - are you doin’ here?”

cried Oley.

  “I’m with a doughboy outfit in the barrt
there. We just come off the front.”

  “I’ll say you did. Why don’t you
shave?”

  “Never mind the shave, I’ve been work-
in’,” grinned Nell. “Where’s this gang of
jaspers going?”

  “Up to the front,” said Oley, “just A and
B troops. The Old Man’s in command.”

  “Up to the front,” cried Nell, “why when
did that happen?”
50

Adventure

  “We got the order about two days after
 you was gone. We got off the train at
 Chatter Theery last night. I told you you
 ought to stuck around. Why there was
 rumors about our goin’ before you had your
 brain-storm even.”

  “What did the Old Man say when he
came back and found me gone?”

  To this sergeant Olsen did not reply, but
 inhaled his breath slightly, as his eye wan-
 dered over Nell’s shoulder.

  “I said you were a - fool!” said a

 voice.

  Nell swung about and beheld his former
 troop commander.

  “What the-was the matter with you,

Colburn?” asked the captain. “Don’t you
know you might have been hung for taking
that German out with you? And why
didn’t you wait until I came back before
you pulled out of camp that way?”

  “I couldn’t, sir. They shoved me in with
 that replacement outfit and away we went.
 I just had time to get a pack carrier and a
 new rifle.”

  “Well, did you get up to the front?”

  “I’ll say I did,” said Nell.

  “Are you satisfied?” asked the captain.
  “I’ll say I am.”

  The captain turned to Sergeant Olsen.
 “How many spare horses have we?”
 “Seven, sir,” said the sergeant.

  “How about equipment?”

  “Well, Terrio will have to turn in his, he’s
 going to hospital this morning.”

  “We ought to have a man to ride one of
 those horses.”

  The captain looked at Nell and then
walked away. The sergeant nudged his
former comrade in the ribs.

  “Yuh on, kid, yuh on?” he grinned.

  “It appears to me,” said Nell soberly,
 “that the old man is incitin’ me to desert
 my outfit.”

  “Desert-! This is your outfit. Come

 on eat; breakfast is ready.”

NELL thought a moment. He
had another hour before his com-
pany would be up. He might as
well eat with the boys, anyway.
He went up to the kitchen and a reception
was staged that was a bit uproarious. The
stable sergeant would not allow Nell to eat
a mouthful until he had taken him back to
the line and showed him his horse.

  The top-sergeant tried to pump Nell

 about the front, but on that subject Nell
 was as silent as a clam. After breakfast
 Nell went back to the picket line and leaned
 against the escort wagon, while he and Ser-
 geant Olsen changed some Bull Durham
 into smoke.

  “Goin’ with us?” asked the sergeant.

  “I’m afraid not,” said Nell, “I’m afraid
not. I got a company over there I got to
take care of.”

  “A company!”

  “Yup, a company. They made me a looey
for some crazy stuff I did up on the lines.”

  “Did they make yuh, or did they recom-
mend yuh to be made?” asked the sergeant
looking meaningly at Nell.

  “They recommended me,” said Nell.

  “Oh,” said the sergeant.

  Nell thought on that for a while. It was
one thing to be recommended and another
thing to be approved. Still, it was worth
waiting to find out about.

  “Well,” continued the sergeant, “I sup-
pose that was what you had in mind when
you got so all-fired eager to go up to the
front.”

  “That’s whatever,” agreed Nell.

  “What?” shrieked the sergeant. “How
come?”

  “Do you mind that letter I got from
young Duff, that got sent to officers trainin’
camp with me and got commissioned?
Well, he’s a first lieutenant now, and if I
couldn’t be a better soldier than he is, I’d
put in for a transfer to the medical corps.
And bein’ filled up with the swill the papers
pass out, I thought the war was about over
an’ if I was goin’ to get a commission, I’d
better get after it. It was too late to go to
a trainin’ camp, so the only way I knew of
was to get one for gallantry. Well, to tell
you the truth, I forgot all about it after a
while, but I got it just the same.”

  “Nell Colburn,” said the sergeant, aghast,
“I always said that you wasn’t right in the

head. What the-’s a commission in the

doughboys?”

  In B troop, the man who had sung when
he put out the hay was still singing as he
took off the nose bags and piled them where
their owners could get them.

“I’d rather be a woodshed in my father’s back yard,
Than be a first lootenant in the national guard.

Oh, tell me how long must I hes-o-tate,

Can I have you now, or have I got to wait?”

  “Sounds reasonable,” remarked the ser-
geant.
A Sergeant of Cavalry

5i

  “Who’s been ridin’ my horse?” asked
Nell suddenly.

  “One o’ the Johns,” said the sergeant.
“He don’t take no kind o’ care o’ him.”

  “He ought to be tried!” said Nell.

  The head of a column appeared at the
upper end of the picket line. It was the
troop marching down to saddle up. The
sergeant moved away to attend to the sad-
dling of his own mount. He gave some
direction to one of the men, who, gathering
his saddle again, followed the sergeant to a
different part of the line. The troop saddled
and led out.

  Nell watched them with an aching heart.
There were several things he would have
liked to correct—blankets on wrong side to,
bits too far down in the mouth, stirrups too
short. He remembered his ignorance of
infantry tactics, that he did not even know
how a grenade was fired.

  “This is the outfit I belong in,” said Nell
to himself. “I know something about cav-
alry and all I know about infantry is that
it gets an awful rub when there’s any
fightin’ to do.”

  Still, a commission was a commission.
But what would he buy an outfit with?

  “All I need is a Sam Brown belt and a
pair o’ pins,” he thought.

  “Good-by, Nell,” said the sergeant.

  He had mounted and ridden up un-
noticed. He bent down from the saddle
and shook hands. A whistle blew and Nell
could hear the trampling as the troops
moved out. Well, a commission in the in-
fantry was better than a buck private even
in the cavalry.

  “So long,” said Nell, and started back to
his barn.

  There were whistles blowing in the town
now and it was time the company was out of
the hay. He turned for one last look at the
cavalry. B Troop was leading, then A,
then the escort wagons, their khaki tops
swaying over the uneven ground. There
was a knot of horsemen by the last wagon,
evidently a rear guard. Then Nell dis-
covered that there was a horse tethered to
a tree, and left alone in the field.

  “Hey!” called Nell. “Look at that horse.
Hey, you left a horse.”

  The horse, watching the departing troops,
ran first one way about the tree and then
the other, and finally nickered plaintively.
Nell stopped. That horse looked like the
one he used to ride.

  “He never had that nickerin’ habit when
he was mine,” said Nell. “I better untie
him an’ let him run, he’ll catch up with
’em.”

  He ran back to the tree and undid the
halter shank, muttering his thought of the
man that would tie up a horse and then go
off and leave him.

  “Beat it,” said Nell, waving his hand.

  The horse, however, did not run,but came
close to Nell and sniffed at the pocket where
Nell used to carry his tobacco.

 “You knew me, didn’t you?” said
Nell. “You old crow bait, you cheat
the sausage-maker every day of your life.
If I had a cigaret I’d give it to you.
Beat it now.”

  He turned the horse’s head in the direc-
tion the troops had gone, but the horse
turned back. This wasn’t the first time he
and this man had been left when the others
went away. The horse knew. This was
to be a patrol, an outpost, or a picket, and
after a while there would be a lot of fine
galloping, with sugar and tobacco after it
was over. The horse wasn’t to be fooled.
There! He knew it! The man had got into
saddle. Now for a good gallop.

WHEN Nell came sliding up to
the rear guard, he discovered it
was composed of the first ser-
geant, the stable sergeant and
Sergeant Olsen.

  “There,” said Olsen, “didn’t I tell yuh
if I tied that old goat out there he’d have
to come in. Make up your mind, Nell?”

  “Sure,” said Nell, “a buck private of
cavalry’s got ’em all beat, clear up to
general.”

  “All right, privitl” grinned the top ser-
geant, “bein’ as how you was late to forma-
tion, you c’n ride back here with us all day
an’ eat dust.”

  Thereat there was great slapping of backs
and striking of hands, and the rearguard
rode forward very merrily.
MnMonay

|HE northeast trade blew strong
and steady, blowing from the
anchorage in the lee of Cayo
Ingles directly toward the main-
land. This latter was the north coast of
Cuba; the anchorage of Cayo Ingles lying
eighteen miles out from the seaport of Cai-
mamtas, eighteen miles alike as the barra-
cuda swims or the cargo lighters sail. There
is no nearer anchorage or harbor suitable
for vessels of any size, wherefore all cargo
coming into Caimamtas must be lightered
in over that eighteen mile haul, and all
export sugar must be lightered out.

  This constitutes one of the many reasons
why the manager of the Caribbean Line’s
branch office in Caimamtas must be a man
of resource if he would hold his job.

  At this particular time the freighters
Carib Prince and Carib Chieftan were the
sole occupants of the anchorage; the former
loading sugar and the latter discharging
general cargo. Early in the afternoon the
last sling-loads of flour came out of the hold
of the latter ship, and the two lighters lying
alongside prepared to start for shore.
The gangs of stevedores boarded the launch
which chugged away toward the main-
land. There was no tug in sight, but the
steamer was ready to sail, so the two light-
ers, each manned by a patron and four
marineros, cut loose from the Carib Chieftan.

The weather being favorable the absence of
the tug made little difference, as the lighters
rigged up big square tarpaulins as sails and
turned their blunt noses toward shore.

  At dusk the lighter Josefita had drawn a
little ahead of her consort and was nearing
the maze of small docks and warehouses
that constitute the Caimamtas waterfront.
In the dim light she resembled a viking
ship with her great square sail; the heads of
a row of petroleum drums lying on their
sides completing the illusion by representing
the row of Bersark’s shields [along the sea-
farer’s rail.

  Pancho Urrutia was newly become patron
of the Josefita this past week, and his dig-
nity sat heavy upon him. He took his
plate of tortilla and fried plantains a little
apart from the others, as befitted one in
authority. It seemed that the four mariner-
os under his command did not take this in
the right spirit.

  “Is it that the deck is softer over
there, Panchito mio?” inquired one Luis
Raola.

  This Luis was an insolent fellow with no
sense of the fitness of things but Pancho dare
not ask that he be discharged, for was he
not a third cousin of Senora Urrutia’s own
mother? Pancho strove to think of the
things his wife would say at such an affront
to one of her kin, but abandoned the task

52
Medicinal Methods

53

as being beyond him. He allowed the
remark of Luis to pass unnoticed, as one
ignores the babbling of a child.

  Alfredo Moreno looked up from the tiny
charcoal stove where he was busy transfer-
ring the last of the platanos fritos to his plate.

  “You are a fool, Luis,” he observed.
“Do you not know that our patron has been
honored this day?”

  “Honored?”

  “Si. El piloto, the mate of the Carib
Chief tan, asked him if he was an Andaluz!”
The four went into paroxysms of mirth,
for Pancho was a Gallego of northern Spain;
and Gallego and Andaluz are as near oil and
water as two branches of the same nation
can be. Pancho did not join in the laughter.
It was a poor jest and showed how little is
needed to arouse the laughter of some.

  “In that there is nothing of humor,” he
observed severely.

  He reached in his pocket and brought out
a square of some dark-brown substance.

  “You speak of el piloto, my brave mari-
neros,” he said airily, “and well you may.
See what he has given me—a piece of the
eating tobacco of the Americans.”

  In the sudden silence which followed
Pancho could feel the growing respect of the
others, and he expanded under it.

  “El piloto and I, we are close friends,”
he said. “We are men. I gave him a bot-
tle of Bacardi, nothing more, and he pre-
sented me with this. He has promised to
teach me the boxing, if we have time when
next his steamer comes to Caimamtas.”
Pancho looked straight at Luis as he said
this, and Luis became greatly interested in
the soles of his canvas al par gates. Pancho
sliced off a large chunk of the plug and began
to chew.

JOHN O’KEEFE had been many
things in this world before he
entered the employ of the Carib-
bean Line and was sent to Cai-
mamtas as local manager. He was of that
rare type of man which may spend long years
in the tropics without great loss of original
energy and vigor. Most mornings found
him afoot before five, and all the native
employees of the line, from the stevedores on
the ships to the carpinteros repairing the
two lighters hauled out on the beach,
worked under the disquieting realization
that eljefe was more than likely to material-
ize from nothing at all at any time.

  They still tell the tale of how in the early
days of O’Keefe’s regime a certain gang of
half a dozen of the dock laborers decided
that there was no harm in their taking a
quiet siesta in the middle of the afternoon,
and of how their disillusionment was great
and sudden.

  These characteristics made O’Keefe of
great value to the line, and his worth was
further enhanced by his ability to get along
well with his native subordinates and with
the local merchants, and his perfect com-
mand of Spanish as spoken in Cuba. For
the rest, he drank but sparingly, was scru-
pulously honest, and was a man of great and
varied resourcefulness.

  O’Keefe was sitting at his desk in the one-
story building that served as both office and
residence, reading a week-old New York
newspaper. He was waiting word of the
arrival of the lighters bringing in the general
cargo from the Carib Chief tan, and had just
begun to wonder why they were delayed
when there came hasty footsteps outside.
Then the door burst open and Don Pancho
Urrutia entered.

  To simply say that Pancho entered is to
give an entirely false impression, as he cer-
tainly could not have done so alone and un-
assisted. His face was a greenish gray,
his head hung forward, his knees bent under
him. If he had not been supported by the
strong arm of that prince among men, his
wife’s own cousin, Luis Raola, he would
surely have fallen. O’Keefe hurled aside
his chair and crossed the office in three
strides.

  “Que pasa?" he snapped.

 “Senor,” moaned Pancho, “El padre
should be sent for. I die!” and a paroxysm
shook him.

  O’Keefe ceased to look for a knife wound
and surveyed the mess Pancho had made
of the clean tiles of the office floor. For a
moment he thought of a similar incident in
his boyhood, an incident closely connected
with some very green apples. Inspiration
came to him, for Pancho’s swaying to and
fro had made the plug of chewing tobacco
fall from his pocket to the floor. O’Keefe
was about to tell Pancho that he was no
nearer death than millions of people have
been after their first attempt to chew the
weed; but on second thought he changed his
mind. It was one of O’Keefe’s character-
istics that he sometimes followed devious
ways to an end. He stepped forward and
54

Adventure

felt the stricken man’s pulse and looked
keenly into his face.

  “Enrique!” The dock superintendent
who had come up with the others started as
O’Keefe barked his name.

  “Go back there and get the small leather
box that lies on the table in my room.
En seguida!”

  As Enrique disappeared into O’Keefe’s
quarters at the back of the office the latter
turned to Pancho.

  “It is of a very great sadness, amigo,”
he said, “but you have the cholera!”

  “Cholera! Madre de Dios!” Luis let go
of Pancho, who collapsed in a heap on
the floor, and made a leap for the door.
O’Keefe dived for his knees and brought
him down in a perfect flying tackle. It
did not suit his purpose to have Luis start
a panic in the town by spreading news of
cholera.

  Pancho lay huddled on the floor, groaning
rhythmicaly and feelingly. After every tenth
or twelfth groan he called on the saints in a
few brief but heartfelt words. Luis re-
gained his power of speech, which had been
knocked out of him by his sudden and un-
expected fall.

  “But, Senor, it is necessary that I seek
d medico. I have been much with that—
that poor one.”

  “El medico can not save you. They say
that for cholera there is no cure.”

  O’Keefe paused a moment to let this
sink in, and heard the footsteps of the re-
turning Enrique. He spoke hastily.

  “Say nothing to Enrique. In the box
he brings I have drugs that will save
you.”

  Taking his medicine chest from Enrique,
O’Keefe mixed a dose of ordinary bicarbon-
ate of soda to soothe the tortured stomach
of Pancho; and prepared a foul-tasting
laxative for Luis. When the men left the
office a little later they were both convinced
that O’Keefe had not only saved their lives
but had averted an epidemic. He had
gained two firm friends who might be useful
at a later date.

  They were sufficiently grateful to obey
his request to keep the incident to them-
selves, though occasionally they dropped
dark hints of some secret they shared with
el jefe.

  This lent them a certain distinction, such
as that which attaches to a Privy Coun-
cillor or the especial favorite of a potentate.

eTHE months passed and O’Keefe
might perhaps have forgotten the
incident had not the grateful
Pancho mentioned it at intervals.
December came, and with it the start of the
grinding season. In February and March,
with the giant rollers turning in every
sugar mill in the island, and with thousands
of bags of new raw sugar being turned out
for export every day, the anchorage in the
lee of Cayo Ingles was always occupied by
a number of steamers loading outward.

  O’Keefe took his sleep when he could get
it, a few hours at a time, and ate his meals
standing at the counter of some native
cantina or else with the officers of some ship
at the anchorage. From January to April
life at an important Cuban seaport is very
different from the rest of the year, for
everything goes at fever heat. When he
really wants to, the Latin can shed his
indolence for a fierce, nervous energy; and
he does it at that time of year. It is then
that the money is made in Cuba, the rest of
the year is spent in marking time until the
next busy season.

  O’Keefe shoved aside the bunch of re-
ports he had been attempting to complete,
and lighted his pipe for one final smoke to
steady his nerves before turning in for a few
hours. Pancho stepped quietly in at the
door.

  “Buenos noches, Senor,” he said hesitantly.

  “Well?” responded O’Keefe, wondering
sleepily what had brought the patron of
the Josefita to him at that hour of the
night.

  “The Senor once saved my life,” continued
Pancho, his tone slightly firmer. “Don
Pancho Urrutia does not forget favors.
I have news for the Senor, news of moment.
Tomorrow night the union of los estibadores
will strike.”

  Sleep dropped from O’Keefe in an instant.
A strike of the stevedores, coming at the
height of the season, would be a disaster
that would cost the line thousands of dol-
lars. He relighted his pipe and began to
walk to and fro the length of the office.

  About nine the next morning, with four
hours work already behind him, O’Keefe
boarded the launch Caribette, and headed
for the anchorage. Two of his pockets
bulged with unusual weight. A couple of
hours later the launch drew up alongside
the Carib Warrior and O’Keefe went up the
Jacob’s-ladder. He glanced into all holds
Medicinal Methods

55

with a critical eye for the stowage of the
sugar bags, had a few words with the chief
tally clerk and the mate and then walked
quietly aft to the poop.

  The eighteen miles separating Cayo
Ingles from the mainland make it impossible
to bring the* stevedores ashore every night,
and they remain on board a steamer the
whole time she is loading. They sling their
hammocks in the ’tween decks, in the poop,
or in the bridge-space; and they bring a cook
with them. O’Keefe found the cook of the
gang working the Carib Warrior asleep
on the poop beside his charcoal stove, and
the big wooden box containing the dishes
and food supplies.

  “What desires eljefe?” inquired the aged
cook, starting to get to his feet.

  “Do not rise, Don Pedro,” said O’Keefe
courteously. “I would talk.” He sat down
on the edge of the box. “Have you not
told me many times of your old home in
the mountains of Cataluna, Don Pedro?”
“Si, Senor. It is my desire to end my
days there. There are no mountains like
those of Cataluna.”

  “Have you not saved nearly enough
money to enable you to return?”

  “Indeed, Senor, I have saved but little.
But I have nephews there in Cataluna,
with whom I could live if I brought a little
money with me.”

  O’Keefe thought a moment.

  “Are you a man of discretion, Don
Pedro?” he asked. There then followed
some low-voiced conversation the outcome
of which appeared to satisfy both men.

  Shortly afterward O’Keefe boarded the
Carib Queen, which was a sister ship of the
Carib Warrior. They were the largest of
the half a dozen steamers then in the an-
chorage, big freighters of about six thousand
torts deadweight, and thirty odd stevedores
were employed on each. As soon as he
reached the deck O’Keefe summoned the
president of the union, one Julio Romero.
This Romero was large, fat, dirty and more
than half negro, but not a man to be un-
derestimated. O’Keefe went to the point
at once.

  “Is it true that you strike tonight?”
Romero’s wide mouth hung open with
surprize.

  “Who told you of la liuelga?” he de-
manded.

  “That is of no importance. Is it
true?”

  “Alas!” Romero was the picture of
sorrow at the need for grieving his friend
the American.

  “La huelga, it is of a necessity. We have
debated it much, I myself fought against
it with great vigor, but at last my com-
rades made me see that it is, indeed of a
necessity.”

  “Where is the necessity?”

  “We are poor, Senor, we must buy rice
for our families; and clothing—-—”

  “This is foolishness!” broke in O’Keefe.
“Your pay is better than that of any men
doing work of a similar nature throughout
the island.”

  “El jefe does not understand. Does he
know what we must pay for the houses we
live in?”

  “Eight pesos a month.”

  “Does he realize what prices of an exor-
bitance we must pay for food and clothing?”
Romero continued blandly. “Does he
realize how much we must give to the
priest for the saving of our souls? We
grieve, but we strike tonight.”

  O’Keefe gave up trying to appeal to the
other’s sense of fairness and walked away.
When Romero had returned to the hold
he sought the bridge space. The steve-
dores had been sleeping there, and their
hammocks hung in rows, but the place was
deserted at this time. O’Keefe only re-
mained a moment.

  At about a quarter to eleven O’Keefe
turned from the rail where he had been
leaning to find the excited chief tally clerk
at his elbow.

  “Oiga, jefe! The cook can not find his
stove, how shall we eat?”

  “What happened to it?”

  “Who knows, Senor? It was left in there
with our hammocks, and now it is gone.
Perhaps el diablo took it, but of a certainty
it is gone!”

  “Then do you go over to the Carib
Warrior; there is food enough there for
all.”

  When the launch Caribette returned from
taking the stevedores over to the other
steamer O’Keefe shouted down to keep
the motor idling. He leaned against the
rail, gazing fixedly at the Carib Warrior
with an air of expectancy. The minutes
went by, and he remained motionless.
Suddenly he grunted, turned from the rail,
hastily climbed down into the launch and
headed toward shore.
56

Adventure

THE inroad of stevedores from
the other vessel had at first
caused consternation on board
the Carib Warrior. They were
the two largest steamers in the anchorage,
and their combined gangs comprised about
a third of the whole personnel of the union.
Incidentally, all the officers and leaders of
the union were among them.

  “But, Don Julio,” protested the chief
tally clerk of the Carib Warrior, as the
president of the union climbed aboard,
“the old one will not have prepared enough
food for so many!”

  “Then shall we eat first, as having to
return to the other steamer.”

  An angry murmur greeted this announce-
ment but it was stilled by the piping voice
of the old cook announcing that he had
enough ready to feed everybody. The tally-
clerk was minded to reprove him for his
extravagance in cooking so much, but for-
got it in the rush for plates.

  Some twenty minutes later Romero
shoved away his plate, on which there still
remained some rice, with a vague but un-
mistakable feeling of unrest. He lighted a
cigaret, but discarded it a moment later, the
smoke tasting stale in his mouth. His
disquiet increased, and he sat down heavily
on the hatch combing, resting his head in
his hands. Hearing a low moan a few
minutes later he raised his head and saw
one of the tally-clerks lying on the deck, his
head sticking out over the steamer’s side.
A racking cough shook the tally clerk.
Romero joined him hastily.

  The officers of the Carib Warrior were
as^much at a loss to explain the strange
malady which had gripped all the steve-
dores as the victims themselves. They
herded them all into the forward well-deck,
where they lay prone and groaning. The
men on the lighters lying alongside sensed
the excitement on board the steamer, and
Don Pancho of the Josefita, climbed up to
investigate. He was met at the rail by the
first and second mates.

  “Here’s another one,” said the shorter of
the two. “Has he got it?”

  “If he hasn’t already he probably will
have,” answered the other.

  “Right!” said the first “For’rard with
him!”

  Pancho’s curious questions were cut
short by an affront to his dignity that left
him spluttering in incoherent fury. The

two Americans grasped him under the arm-
pits and lifted him off his feet, they carried
him bodily forward and dropped him gently
down onto the broad back of the recumbent
Romero.

  Pancho stood up and surveyed the deck
wonderingly. Of the sixty odd men who
formed the combined gangs of the two
steamers, not one was able to stand.
Pancho’s questions got no answer, Pancho’s
sympathy received no acknowledgment.
As he stood there wondering he thought of
a night the previous summer, a night when
only the almost magical skill of el jefe had
stood between him and the grave.

  “Oye, Don Julio,” said Pancho, “I know
what sickness this is. I have had experi-
ence in such things. It is cholera!”

  “Then are we all dead men!” groaned the
stricken Romero.

  “No!” cried Pancho excitedly. “There
is yet a chance! See the launch!” He
pointed to the Caribette, which was passing
the ship on her way toward shore. “Let
us wave to el jefe, that he may come,” and
Pancho hastily related the incident when he
himself, Pancho Urrutia of the Josefita,
had been at death’s door and had been
saved by the American.

  He ran to the bulwark and commenced
to wave his hat. Pale, weakened men
staggered to their feet and lurched to his
side, joining Pancho in his efforts to attract
O’Keefe’s attention. There were a few
agonized moments when it seemed that the
launch was not going to stop, and then the
Caribette swung around in a wide circle
and headed for the ship.

  When O’Keefe came aboard Pancho in-
terspersed his questions as to whether he
had with him the little leather box with
apologies for having revealed a thing el
jefe had told him to keep secret and ex-
planations that the greatness of the emer-
gency had seemed to justify it. Romero
heaved himself to his feet and stood there
swaying.

  “Have you that little box of leather of
which Pancho speaks?” he demanded of
O’Keefe.

  “I have the box,” answered the latter
slowly. “But I don’t know if I should give
you any of the medicine. The drug is a
secret one, very rare, and the only cure for
cholera. If I save all of you there will be
none left in case the epidemic starts on
shore. It may be wiser to let you die;
Medicinal Methods

57

then you can be buried out here and the
drug can be saved to prevent an epidemic
in the city.”

  Faced by this sunny prospect, Julio
Romero rose to heights of eloquence that
he had never before attained; and it was
his oratory that had elevated him to the
presidency of the union. He spoke of all
that they had done for O’Keefe and the
well beloved Compania in the past, he
mentioned the sorrowing wives and children
of the men thus condemned to death, he
even offered O’Keefe the sum of a hundred
or so pesos that was in the treasury of the
union. When he had almost despaired of
ever melting that hardest of hearts, O’Keefe
suddenly said—-

  “Very well, I will cure all of you, if you
will sign this paper.”

  “What paper is that?” Romero glanced
suspiciously at the document O’Keefe had
taken from his pocket.

  “An agreement to call off the proposed
strike, and to have no strikes or similar
troubles during the rest of the year.”
Romero tried to evade the issue—

  “The whole union is not here.”

  “All the officials are here. If you and
these others sign, and you give me a note
to the rest, I can get the signatures of the
men on the other ships.”

  Although the astute Romero was very
sick, he felt that something was wrong, he
did not like the business, he very distinctly
smelled a rat. But the fear of death was
on him, and the others were crying out for
him to sign, so he took the proffered pen
and affixed his scrawling signature to the
document.

  As each man signed he was given a drink
from the bucket of water into which O’Keefe
had emptied one of the bottles from his
medicine case, and was told to sit down and
keep still. O’Keefe left them seated in
long rows on the deck, and told the mate
to have the chief tally clerk turn them to
later in the afternoon, if they seemed suf-
ficiently recovered.

TWO days later O’Keefe was
making up the month’s general
statement for the accounting de-
partment of the home office. #At
the end he added together the amounts of
a couple of slips from “The Drug Store of
Doctor Brutel” for the purchase of a large
quantity of a strong emetic, a personal re-

ceipt signed in a crooked old-fashioned
hand with the name of the man who had
been cook for the union, and a bill for a
new charcoal stove. He wrote the item,
“Special Expenses. . .$257.00,” and looked
at it critically, wondering how many letters
he would have to write before the home
office was finally satisfied with the correct-
ness of the item. At that moment Julio
Romero walked in. O’Keefe quietly turned
the accounts face down, and leaned back in
his chair.

  “You wish to see me, Don Julio?” he
asked.

  “The Carib Warrior has just finished load-
ing, and we are come ashore.”

“And are you all completely recovered?”
“We are of such a healthfulness that it is
difficult to believe that we were ever taken
with the deadly cholera,” replied Romero
suddenly.

  “It pleases me greatly to learn of it,”
responded O’Keefe courteously, and waited
for the other’s next move. Romero changed
his ground.

  “The signing of that agreement pleases
you greatly, verdad?”

  O’Keefe shrugged his shoulders.

  “I was not worried. The wages and
hours are fair, and there was no reason for a
strike. I feel sure that your sense of fair-
ness would have prevented a strike at the
last moment, even if no agreement had been
signed.”

  Romero digested this. In his heart he
admitted the truth of the first part of what
O’Keefe had said, and he saw no point in
taking exception to the rest at this time.
He fired his last shot—

  “That old one who cooked for us that day,
he came ashore with you in the launch.”
“Being old, he did not recover as quickly
as the rest of you. I brought him ashore
for more medicine.”

  “But I just came from his home, and he
is not there. My heart goes out to the old
one in his sickness, and I would visit him.”
“Unfortunately he will be deprived of
that pleasure. Don Pedro has taken ship
to return to his old home in Spain.”

  Romero’s eyes grew black with rage, and
the first words of a string of profanity came
tumbling from his lips, but suddenly he
smiled. Julio Romero was in most ways
an unmitigated rascal, but he could also be
a good loser.

  “May God prosper his journey,” he said.
Adventure

 O PIONEERS!

by R. E. Alexander

IT up, Buck! You Star! Now, Bright!

 Y’ got t’ make th’ Platte t’night
 ’R y’ won’t git no water. Say,

 This ’11 be some country some day!

 My gosh, another homestead, Maw,

 Makes three since we crossed th’ Kaw!

 Too dern crowded here f’r me—

 ’I’m of to Californy—’ Gee, Buck, gee!

 ‘What’s that movin’ over there?

 Must be buffalo. Here’s where
 We git some fresh meat, Maw, I bet.
 Buffalo-tongue f’r supper! Let
 Me git that powder-horn. Hey, Ted,

 You ’n’ Ray c’n ride ahead
 A piece, ’n’ see if y’ c’n see
 Them—‘with my banjo on my kneel1

 ‘What’s that, Maw, what’s that y’ say?

 Injuns! Where—over that way?

 Call ’em back! Git inside—quick!

 Thank th’ Lord these sides are thick
 ’N’ high. All set, ev’rybody? Now!

 Dang their hides! They got th’ cow!

 Two, ’n’ a pony f’r us, hey?

 Who’s that shootin’ low—you, Ray?

 “Keep down, Maw— they’re closin’ in.

 That noise they make sure is a sin!

 ’ Wait, boys, wait. Now, give ’em helll
 Hooray f’r ol’ Kaintuck! All well?

 My God, Maw, both of ’em gone!

 C’m’on, y’ red devils, come on!

 Good-by, Ted, ’n’ good-by, Ray.

 Th’ Lord gives—’n’ He takes away.

 “Don’t worry, Maw, it’s Canaan ’stead
 O’ Californy. Watch y’r head!

 We’ll all be gittin’ Home t’gether—

 Dang it, only got a feather!

 Maw? Hey, Maw—she’s gone, I guess.

 A dern good wife she was—one less!

 A-ah! They got me! Maw—where’s—the—?
 ‘Oh, Susannah,—don’t—you—cry for—me.’ ”

58
Author of “The Long-Headed Sapsucker,” “The Thick Plotters," etc.

SUDDEN shifting of the wind at
midnight saved the gin and cot-
ton house, but all cord-wood ricks
were doomed.

  Bain made his plans before dawn, when
the sky-sweeping glare of the burning was at
its height, and he stood among his fas-
cinated negro hands, watching the seasoned
wood go—six hundred cords of it.

  Willie Thompson, his negro foreman,
stood at his elbow.

  “Cap, we’s cleaned plumb out.”

  “Looks like it, Willie.”

  The plantation manager was laconic.
Living cut off from men of his race and
status of education, there was more to
think than to say.

  “What is we gwine to do? We’s got
eighty-five bales done picked out, an’ ev’ry
pen an’ stall on dis plan’ation full, an’ fifteen
bales piled in de field. We is ’bleedged to
run de gin.”

  “Willie,” said Bain thoughtfully, “have
six wagons ready by daylight, with the wood
frames on. See that one has a box bed on
it to carry axes and saws and log chains.
At daylight, remember.”

  “Fo’-mule teams or two-mule teams,
Mistuh Bain?”

  “Two. We’ll cut in Laconia Circle by
the Mound. There’s lots of good hack-
berry and oak there.”

  “Yessuh.”

  The plantation manager was a firm man
but just. He could think of no one, black
or white, who had cause to do him harm.
Yet no reasoning man, after going over the
ground, could doubt the incendiary origin
of the fire, which evidently had been meant
to include the gin and cotton house in its
midnight meal.

  “Well,” he mused, “if the wind hadn’t
shifted, his scheme would have worked. If I
ever find out-”

       AN INTERESTING area lies
in the angle made by the con-
■gpgjm/ fluence of the White and the
Mississippi River, in the lower
end of Phillips County, Arkansas. Years
ago levees were run along the banks of the
two rivers, but the unruly waters of Coffee
Creek and Bee Bayou, both tributary to
White River, had a habit of coming in on
the planters from above. To stop this, an-
other levee was built. One end of this new
embankment joined the old Mississippi River
levee and the other tied into the White
River levee. The system of protective
levees as a whole formed a huge circular
dyke, many miles in circumference—Laco-
nia Circle.

  Within the Circle the dead-level of over-
flow delta land is broken but in one place.

59
6o

Adventure

Near the very center in the lowest part on
Dupree Lake stands the Indian Mound.

  The mound is the work of aboriginal
Americans. No arrow-heads, pottery or
fragments of human bones are found there.
It is not a burial mound. The supposition
is that it was built as a refuge from over-
flows. A perfect chocolate-drop in shape, it
rises to a height of fifty feet and is nearly
three hundred feet in diameter at the base.
The slope, thickly studded with hackberry
trees, has a sharp slant. The top is the high-
est land within a radius of forty-two miles.

  Against the hackberry trees, in particu-
lar, Bain led his wood-cutting expedition.
Hackberry wood is hard, dense and heavy.
It splits beautifully, has few limbs to clear
off and burns more readily when green than
other woods.

  Twenty-two men besides the manager
arrived at the foot of Indian Mound at
eight-thirty on the morning of November
sixteenth. The mules were taken from the
wagons and tied to saplings. Axes, saws,
mauls and wedges were distributed; in ten
minutes the woods were ringing with cheer-
ful activities.

  Most of the men had been with Bain for
years. He passed among them silent, for
the most part, but watchful, encouraging
and helpful; a good boss with a good crew.
Three or four transient day hands were
among the workers. One, a ginger-bread-
colored negro of gigantic size, particularly
attracted Bain’s attention. Where and un-
der what circumstances had he seen that
man’s villainous face before?

  He hunted up Willie Thompson, who jus-
tified his position as straw boss by doing
two men’s work; he was determined to ease
his curiosity regarding the stranger. How-
ever, Willie began talking about the stage of
the Mississippi—an absorbing subject just
now—and Bain forgot all else.

  “Cap, is she gwine to make us trouble?”
“Wouldn’t be surprized. Fall overflows
—when they do come—are tricky. I talked
long distance to Helena yesterday; the gage
is forty-five feet there, and the crest not due
to pass Memphis till tonight.”

  “Is dey done fixed dat Bee Bayou cre-
vasse yet, Mistuh Bain?”

  The manager did not answer at once.
“No,” he said slowly, “they haven’t.
They’ve piled fresh dirt in the break, but
they didn’t allow for settling. It would
melt like sugar. The-jack-legs!”

  And after a pause:

  “Willie, I wouldn’t talk about high water
to the boys too much. We’re in low coun-
try, you know.”

  “Nawsuh! I won’t. Will you please suh
send Uncle Mote Green heah to file my
saw?”

  At noon Bain took his lunch—a cold
banquet forced upon him by Aunt Jane, his
devoted but imperious old cook—and sat
down on a log by Dupree Lake to eat.

  Weak November sunshine had lured
several mud-turtles out, and with extended
necks two of these creatures from their
perch on a slanting snag inspected the big
planter. Bain polished off the drum-stick
of the fried chicken he was eating and de-
liberately hurled the bone at the turtles,
both of which tumbled immediately into the
murky water. The manager held up in
transit a piece of chocolate cake, and stared
at the commotion made by the plunge.
Instead of widening uniformly in concentric
rings, the splashes had spread to the right
in distorted ripples. Either he was drunk,
delirious, or crazy or Dupree Lake was
running!

  Even as he watched there came an omi-
nous quiver in the dark waters, and a deep
cattle track near the margin suddenly filled;
leaves and bits of dry grass floated and spun
about in the depression. Bain sprang to
his feet, the fearful truth hammering at his
brain. Before he could turn, Dupree Lake
rose bodily three feet, and a swirl of choco-
late-colored Mississippi River water dis-
placed the quiet brown of its placid surface.
What thirty seconds before had been a quiet
cypress break, was now a violent maelstrom
of seething, tawny flood water!

  “Willie! Get the teams on the Mound,
and see if all the men are here!”

  Bain rushed to the base of Indian Mound,
shouting orders as he ran. The hands were
huddled together, scared stiff. Even Willie
was paralyzed.

  “Here!” yelled the manager. “Get those
mules untied—quick!”

  He whipped out his pocket knife and flew
at the halter ropes. Willie and the drivers
followed. The animals were now wild with
panic, and plunged away on the homeward
road as soon as liberated, ignoring the sanc-
tuary of the mound.

  “Cut ’em loose so’s they can swim. Get
the gear off—don’t try to hold ’em!”

  All but one team were freed, when a
Flood

61

warning roar above which hung a whispering
hiss of mad waters, swept down from the
north.

  “Run!” yelled Bain. “Here, Robert—
get!”

  “Boss, I can’t leave ’em heah to drown,”
whined the black boy. “This is 01’ Tony
an’01’Joe.”

  “It’s them or you—run!”

  He flung the driver bodily back from the
mules. Water swirled up to their knees as
they sprang for the mound. The frantic
team snapped their hitch ropes, and en-
cumbered by clanking gear, splashed after
the other animals, floundering belly-deep in
the rising flood.

  Between the moment Bain had tossed his
chicken bone at the turtles and the one in
which he and Robert, dripping and pant-
ing, floundered up the mound’s slope, pos-
sibly twenty minutes had passed. In that
time the great saucer of Laconia Circle had
been filled with chocolate-colored water to
an average depth of fifteen feet. From
Indian Mound outward in any direction,
water shut the wood cutters in. As the
crow flies it was seven and a half miles to
any dry land other than that upon which
they stood.

  They were dazed as men are who have
beheld a miracle of destruction come on the
wing of an instant and who have missed
death by seconds.

  “It won’t come much higher, boys; she’s
busted through that new Bee Bayou fill.
It’ll back up a little more, but not much.”

  The manager spoke evenly, in his usual
impersonal tone. His manner heartened
the negroes as nothing else could.

  “Lawdy, Lawdy!” exclaimed Uncle John
Key. “Jes’ think where we’d ’a’ been if
we hadn’t ’a’ been nigh dis heah mount!”

  The old man, a hardwood timberman of
fifty years’ experience, let his eyes wander
over the murky water in which the giant
red gums and oaks stood knee deep. He
lowered his ax from his shoulder and leaned
upon its handle. Bain looked at him and
came near smiling.

  “Uncle John, you didn’t lose your ax,
anyhow.”

 “Suh? Nawsuh! Any time I throws
down my ax, you kin know I’s dead.”

  “Well, it’s lucky,” was Bain’s grim com-
ment. “Have you ever rafted logs, Uncle
John?”

  “Many’s de time! I rafted jes’ below

Newpo’t, an’ at Augusty, too. Man an’
boy I made raf’s ’bout twenty year.”

  Bain ran an appraising eye over the
growth of hackberry trees on the Mound.

  “How will they do for a raft, Uncle
John?”

  “Dem?” The old darkey chuckled con-
descendingly. “Hack-a-berry ain’t no good
fo’ dat. Hit won’t float, Mistuh Bain.
Hit sho’ won’t.”

  “You mean to tell me it won’t float?”
  “You jes’ watch heah!”

  With four calculated, slow, but effective,
strokes of his razor-keen ax, the old woods-
man felled a six-inch sapling. From it he
cut a billet, fireplace length; this he lifted in
his stringy old black arms and flung in the
water. It did not bob up as wood should.
It was gone.

  “——!” muttered Bain.

  “Nawsuh!” Uncle John laughed proudly
at the success of his demonstration. “Hit
sho’ won’t float when hit’s green. Hit
sometimes floats jes’ a little bit under de
water, but hit won’t bear up no weight.”
The manager perceived that escape from
Indian Mound might be harder than he had
supposed. He left Uncle John and joined
the other men, who were clustered about a
fire which had been lighted on top of the
mound.

  “All right, boys!” he called curtly. “Let’s
get up some firewood for tonight.”

  Even enforced loafing rubbed the nap of
Bain’s disposition the wrong way. The
men sprang up cheerfully. Four or five
axes had been saved. While some felled
and split hackberry saplings, others carried
the fuel to the top of the mound. Already
the sun was below the majestic cypresses of
Dupree Lake, and a tang of frost mingled
with the earthy smell of miles of muddy
water. A V of wild geese shot across the
red west, going south.

BAIN had the wood piled in a
hollow square, open on the south-
ern side. Some of the older men,
under Uncle John Key, he as-
signed to making a bed of leaves inside the
wind-break thus provided.

  “Cap,” asked Willie Thompson, just as
darkness shut down upon Indian Mound,
“is we gwine to ever git off’n heah?”

  “I ought to be able to figure out some
way, Willie.”

  “Onliest thing—you knows how niggers
62

Adventure

is ’bout they grub. How is we gwine to
do?”

  “We’ll eat what the little boy shot at.
It won’t kill us to miss a feed or two. What
we need now is rest. We’ll see tomorrow.”

  “Yessuh.”

  Willie knew as well as he knew his name
that they were in desperate straits. But
when Bain spoke reassuringly, the black
man couldn’t help feeling—in spite of fact
and reason—that all was well.

  “Long as Mistuh Bain’s at my back,” he
put it, “I’s all right.”

  After the camp had settled, Bain moved
from the shelter of the wind-break and de-
scended to the water’s edge. The flood was
rising but slowly, having filled Laconia
Circle to the level of the river.

  A splash attracted the manager’s atten-
tion. He stood perfectly still, and saw a
small dark form approach along the margin.

  “ ’Possum,” he rightly conjectured, and
as the animal, which was looking at the
fire above, came near, Bain literally fell
upon it.

  The struggle was brief. Breakfast for
several men was assured.

  He carried his quarry to camp, and woke
the foreman.

  “Willie, we’ve got to rustle some grub.
There’ll be other varmints swimming in to
the mound tonight when the fire burns
lower. Wake three or four good men and
place ’em around the edge of the water with
clubs. Tell ’em to keep still and watch
close.”

  “Yessuh. Dis one sho’ is fat an’ fine!
Robert! Oh, Bob!” He stirred the driver
with his toe. “Git Joe an’ Channy an’
Willis Green, an’ come on.”

  Groaning and yawning, the night brigade
was deployed by the merciless Willie. Bain
sat down—for the first time since noon—
and prepared to get what sleep he could.
As he dozed off, a falling brand stirred the
fire to a sudden, fierce, brightness. The
passing flare revealed the circle of dusky
sleepers, and Bain saw plainly the broad,
malignant face of the strange negro over
whose identity he had puzzled all day.
Slanting downward across the man’s right
temple ran the livid wale of a four-inch
scar.

  A chill, bleak dawn came muffled in
clinging fog. The camp-fire had been re-
plenished through the night and now, as
man after man rose yawning from his place,

it was heaped high with limbs and brush.
Above, through fog-rifts could be seen
monotonous gray clouds hurrying south-
ward. Below, swirling wisps of vapor al-
ternately revealed and obscured the dark
tree trunks and crept upward from the dull
water like ghosts of drowned things. It
was decidedly colder, with every indication
of bitter weather to come.

  Bain’s night hunters had done well. Be-
sides the ’possum captured by the manager

there were four large swamp rabbits, four
’possums and one coon. There was no
immediate danger of starvation.

AFTER breakfast Bain set the
firewood squad to work, and made
a thorough survey of the Mound.
Just at the water’s edge on the
northern slope he saw what appeared to be
several pieces of fence plant, embedded in
the earth. Curiosity impelled, he made
examination. He found a dilapidated flat
boat. The corner which had first attracted
his attention was all of it above water, and
six inches of sediment lay in that. The
bulk of the ancient barge lay down the slope
of Indian Mound, under water, and most
probably deep in mud.	,

  Bain now remembered that the barge had
been swept from the river six years before.
Since then no overflow had broken into the
Circle—until the present one. The barge
had been towed there by two disappointed
negro trappers whose hope of reward was

J BAirf'3
(Plan tat/on

             JA FRCSH fILl.

          y WHEtt. BK*,
          I ^ occuf/rro ,

waoo/y

FLATCARS 1

LOADED with\
LOBS
Flood

63

blasted when no owner could be located.

  “Willie!” hallooed the manager, and be-
gan to kick up leaf mold near the planks
with the toes of his boots.

  “They towed it in,” he muttered; “there
ought to be a good length of chain.”

  “You call me, Mistuh Bain?”

  “Yeah. Here’s that barge Michael and
Joe towed in when the levee broke before.
Help me find the chain. Maybe we can do
something with it.”

  Together they tore up the loose earth with
sticks, their finger nails and boot toes. The
chain was finally unearthed. It had once
been strong, and was still heavy; it was
coated with the rust of six years’ exposure.
They followed it up, digging it loose as they
went. The landward end was padlocked
around the base of a small tree.

  “ ’Bout fifteen foot of hit,” Willie com-
mented. “Reckon dat ol’ boat’s any good,
Mistuh Bain?”

  “It won’t have to be very good to beat
starving on this mound, Willie. This chain’s
too short for what I had in mind; it’s rusty-
rotten, too.”

  “Kin us git her out, Cap?”

  “We can try. About how far off is the
wagon that’s got our tools and chains in it?”
“Not so overly—’bout fifty foot from de
edge of where de water is now. But Cap,
dat water’s fifteen foot deep there now.”
Bain grunted. He was thinking hard as
they hastened back to camp.

  “Boys,” said the manager after the dis-
covery had been announced, “if we can get
our chains out of the tool wagon, I believe
we can drag that old boat out. It must be
pretty rotten, but there’s mighty little cur-
rent in this back water, and maybe it’s a
chance. Anyway, we can’t do better than
try.”

  “Boss, I’ll dive fo’ dat wagon if you says
so,” volunteered Channy. “Hit ain’t so
overly cold—yet.”

  “You couldn’t do any good, Channy. A
man don’t have any luck bringing up a
log chain. Is there any rope or staging—
even string will help—in your pockets?”
Two of the men had each a ball of strong
cotton cord.

  “I meant to set me a trot-line in Dupree
Lake whilst we wuz heah,” one of them ad-
mitted sheepishly, “but I guess de fishes is
all done drownt by now.”

“All right. Now twist those lines to-
gether—that chain weighs something.

Uncle John, cut us three good forks for
grab-hooks; we’ll bind ’em together. Your
hackberry won’t float; maybe we can use it
in another way.”

  “Boss,” some one suggested, “ain’t us
liable to hang on to de wagon wheels or
stay-chains, an’ lose our hook an’ line?”

  “I thought of that. Who knows exactly
where the wagon is?”

  Several chorused—

  “I does!”

  “How do you know?” challenged the
manager.

  “I driv hit,” asserted Channy. “Dat’s
why I said I’d dive fo’ hit. I remembers hit
was under dat big oak, juss under de spread-
in’ limb, wid de tongue p’intin’ north an’
south.”

  “Can you swim out there with the hook
John’s making, and drop it about in the
wagon-box?”

  “Yessuh. I knows I can.”

  “Well, get ready. John, lemme your
forks. Anybody got an old pocket knife, or
something for a sinker?”

  Mote Green, the saw filer, had several
heavy files. Bain selected the two smooth-
est and least useful.

  “Mote, take good care of the others; we
may need ’em,” he said as he bound the flat
oblongs of steel to one shank of the impro-
vised grappling-hook. He then notched
the shank, and binding the three forks to-
gether looped the line, which had been
twisted securely, around it.

  “All set, Channy?”

  “Yessuh. Niggers, gimme room an’ pile
de fiah! I’s cold now, an’ gittin’ mo’ so bref
by bref!”

  Stark naked, his knotty muscles lumping
under the mellow brown of his skin, the
driver paced down the slope. Bain handed
him the wooden hook, and himself held the
line.

  “Don’t dive in Channy—may be a sunk
log or something.”

  “Br-r-r-r! Lawdy have mercy!”
Splashing in waist deep the boy fell on
his breast, and literally churned the muddy
water. He circled under the limbs of the
oak, got his bearings, shouted for slack on
the line and let go.

  “Come in!” yelled Bain feeling the line
settle. Channy came—with the noise and
speed of a water-spout, not pausing until he
was wallowing in the leaves two feet from
the giant log-heap.
64

Adventure

  Gradually Bain took up slack on the line.
Tense and breathless, the dark crescent of
faces focused upon the water.

  The hook caught! By a miracle, as it
seemed to them, the chain was grappled at
the first trial. They fell over one another
helping to drag it out.

  “Look yonder!” shouted Channy from the
top of the mound, pointing toward the oak.

  Freed of the chain, the wagon-body had
floated out of the rocking bolster. It now
drifted just flush with the surface of the
water. The chain had been landed. Bain
coiled the line carefully. It was an easy
cast, but he took no chances. The weighted
hook fell squarely in the wagon-bed, and
again all hands hauled in with a will.

  They thought only of the good planking
in the bed, but securing it meant much more.
An ax, a hatchet, a coil of rope, a small
sodden paper bag of precious tenpenny
nails and a hammer were found inside. It
took the united effort of them all to haul
their prize ashore and tilt the ton or more of
water out.

  Bain scratched his head. That barge
was many times bigger and heavier than
this, and stuck in the mud besides! Well,
they’d see.

  “Uncle John, you and Willie and Robert
go over this bed and make it water-tight.
It oughtn’t to leak much after soaking that
long. We’ll use it for a boat. It’ll come in
handy in raising the barge.”

  “Yessuh. You niggers give us some shirt-
tails an’ rags an’ things to plug hit wid.”

  By nailing the tail-gate in, and caulking
a small crack here and there, the wagon-bed
was converted into a very serviceable boat.
Then Bain called another general assembly.

  “Boys, only about six men can ride in
the wagon-box safely, and there’d be some
danger of it swamping even at that. Here’s
what we’ll do: We’ll get everything ready,
do what we can today, and pull that old
barge out tomorrow. If she ain’t too rotten
to patch up, she’ll carry us all—would carry
as many again, for that matter. But if she’s
too rotten, you’ll draw lots, and five of you
go for help in the wagon-box.”

IN THE remaining hours of day-
light, wood was cut, the under-
brush cleared from around the
landward end of the barge, and
a successful hunting voyage undertaken in
the newly acquired boat. A number of

animals were found adrift on logs, or ma-
rooned in tree tops and hollow trees.
Chilled, starving, and with the last hypnotic
stage of death-fright on them, they were
readily clubbed or brought down with heavy
throwing sticks. There was no shortage of
meat for supper.

  This, and the hope inspired by the suc-
cesses of the day, made the campers more
cheerful than they had been since the com-
ing of the flood. Drugged by hard work
and by the huge quantities of hot, unsalted
meat, the negroes soon settled in their
places about the fire. Bain had superin-
tended hunting the night before; he lay
down with the earliest.

  Just before he fell asleep, the giant negro
who had before excited his curiosity came
over and respectfully accosted him.

  “Cap, is you sleep?”

  “What is it?”

  “If you wants huntsmens fo’ tonight, me
an’ dem three boys will go.”

  “No, get your rest. There’s stuff enough
for two days, cool as it is. We want every-
body ready for hard work in the morning.”

  “Yessuh.”

  The man seemed disappointed. Bain
fell asleep puzzling over it. Why should
any one wish to splash around in the dark
of a cold night after coons and rabbits,
when he might be curled up warmly by the
fire?”

  He was awakened to receive just the in-
formation needed to answer his question.
A hand grasped his shoulder and shook it
nervously.

  “Mistuh Bain! Oh, Mistuh Bain!”

  “All right, Uncle John!” The manager
was a light sleeper; in the instant of regain-
ing consciousness he had recognized John
Key’s voice, although the old timberman
spoke in a low, excited whisper.

  “Boss, some niggers is aimin’ to steal de
wagon-box an’ skip. Dey done put all de
meat most in it, and de quile of rope.”

  Bain instantly arose, and without noise
descended to the landing. Four figures
were moving about in the dark near where
the wagon-bed had been secured.

  “All right!” he barked through the gloom.
“Get that stuff out and back where it be-
longs. I give you one minute to get
started.”

  The surprize was complete. The au-
thority of the voice had instantaneous effect.
Crest-fallen, the deserters began to unload
Flood

65

their cargo with nervous haste. Bain stood
perfectly still in the spot from which he had
issued his orders.

  “Get to camp,” he directed when the
work of returning the stolen goods was
completed.

  He followed the men closely, and as they
came into the light of the fire he noted the
identity of each. One was the big scar-
faced negro who had volunteered as a
hunter. He shot a malignant look at Bain,
which revived the vague memory of a pre-
vious encounter. The other three were day
hands. Bain expected no especial loyalty
from any of them; the incident was closed
so far as he was concerned.

  Before going to sleep he woke Willie
Thompson.

  “Willie,” he explained as the big fellow
strove piteously with sleep, “that big scar-
faced nigger and those three boys to his left,
tried to skip with the wagon-bed and grub.
Put a guard over the boat. If they make
just one more move like that, we’ll hang
them.”

  He spoke very quietly, but so that all who
were awake could hear. No one doubted
that he meant exactly what he said.

  “Yessuh! Channy an’ me’ll take keer of
’em and de boat, Boss.”

  Willie was now wide awake. When the
manager had seen him rout out Channy, he
curled up in his nest of leaves three yards
distant from the thwarted deserters, and'
slept peacefully until daylight.

  It was a heroic program which Bain
planned for himself and his men the follow-
ing day, and immediately after an unappetiz-
ing all-meat breakfast they charged into it.

  The sheer power needed to haul the sunk-
en, mud-loaded barge from the water and
up the slope of the Mound would be enor-
mous. But this force—presuming they
could apply it—must be used with judg-
ment and extreme care. The weathered
timbers of the old flat-boat were none too
stanch. Bain did not dare hitch his chain
to any member of the barge itself.

  “All right, Uncle John! Cut us a six-
inch sapling as long as this old scow is wide
inside, and hew it flat on two sides. Ander-
son, you and Abram help him. Alex, you
and Paxton make us some pegs out of pin-
oak. Make ’em about an inch through,
and eight inches long. Round ’em up with
your pocket knife.”

  Bain himself climbed into the corner of

  5

the barge which rested above water, and
carefully measured the distance from center
to center of the longitudinal beams which
stiffened its bottom.

  “About two feet. And there’s eight of

’em. The-thing’s about fourteen feet

wide.”

  When the timber had been prepared by
old John and his helpers, it was laid across
these bottom beams, and marks made on its
upper surface to correspond with the centers
of the beams below. A rusted iron rod was
found in the barge itself, and this, with one
of the tail-gate rods from the wagon bed,
was heated in a fire kindled near-by.

  While some of the men cleared out as
much mud from inside the barge as they
could get at, others were kept busy burning
holes through the green timber with the
white-hot irons. Corresponding holes were
sunk in the same way to some depth in the
barge timbers, and the tough hackberry
beam securely pegged across the floor joist
of the barge. Bain now felt that he had
something to which he could safely hitch
his chain.

  A crew was set afloat in the wagon-bed
and instructed to stir up as much mud from
the interior of the submerged part of the
barge as possible.

  “Ev’ry little bit he’ps,” was Willie
Thompson’s comment on this phase of the
work. “Mistuh Bain he’s gwine at dis
jes’ like he makes a cotton crop: Doin’ ev’ry
thing a-fore hits needed, an’ not stoppin’
doin’ hit till hit tain’t no use. Boys, we’s
good as off dis crawfish house now!”

  “Channy, you and Robert and Alex cut
us eight or ten round logs for rollers—make
’em long enough,” Bain called. “ ’Bout
fourteen feet.”

  “Boss,” asked Willie gently, “how is jes’
us niggers gwine to pull dat ol’ boat out?
All dat mud an’ water hit weighs.”

  If there had been any doubt of success in
Willie’s mind, he would not have asked the
question. Now he knew in his bones Mis-
tuh Bain had something up his sleeve—
“sumpthin’ dat will work shore—” conse-
quently he wished to anticipate victory.

  “We can pull her out, all right. I ain’t
afraid of that part of it, Willie. Thing is,
will she stand it?”

  “I sho’ wants to see how is you gwine to
manage.”

  Bain cocked a wise, noncommittal gray

eye at the scurrying clouds.
66

Adventure

  “Must be two o’clock. Go get some
grub, boys, and hurry back.”

  After the men had eaten, Bain set some
of them digging the earth from in front of
the barge. For five or six yards up the slope
the ground was smoothed and leveled.
Several of the rollers previously prepared
were placed in readiness on this space—one
well back under the sloping prow of the old
boat.

  “Now, Willie,” the manager instructed,
“take your ax and chop a little hole in the
front end of the barge—right in the middle
—big enough for our chain to pass through.
Better use that sharp ax of Uncle John’s.”

  While this was being done, Bain sent
Channy, Uncle John and several others to
cut a supply of prize-poles, logs and rollers.

TWENTY feet up the mound
from the barge grew two straight
young hackberries. They were
over a foot in diameter, and stood
nearly sixteen feet apart. Bain had a heavy
log hoisted and lashed to these trees, form-
ing a horizontal bar from one to the other,
eight feet from the ground. This timber
was lashed in place with some of their
precious rope, on the sides of the trees away
from the barge.

  Another thick log was laid from tree to
tree on the ground exactly under the first.
Near the center of this lower^cross-piece, a
hole was dug. The hole was sunk close to
the side of the lower cross-piece, on the side
farthest from the barge. Care was taken
to make the hole as nearly uniform in diam-
eter from top to bottom as possible, and to
make it with straight sides, post-hole fash-
ion. Completed, it was about four feet
deep. With a piece of cane Bain measured
the distance from the bottom of the hole to
the top edge of the upper crosspiece.

  “We better make it two feet over—it’ll
grind down into the ground some. All
right! Lay this on a good, round, sound,
eight-inch log, and cut me a piece just this
length.”

  None of the men yet had an inkling of
what the manager was about. He pur-
posely kept his plans to himself, knowing
that curiosity lent interest to the grueling
work. Then too, he was inventing and ex-
perimenting as he went along, as the neces-
sities demanded, and he could act with a
show of confidence only by pretending to
have predetermined plans, fully matured.

  “Willie, pass one end of our log chain
through that hole you just made, and loop
it around the beam we pegged to the barge
bottom. Get it in the middle. That’s it;

that ought to hold till-freezes over, and

it won’t pull one timber of the old scow
more than another.”

  “Where is we to put dis, Cap?”

  Six men bore on hand sticks the log he
had ordered cut.

  “Don’t put it down! Slue your end over
the hole, Robert. That’s it! Now Ander-
son, you and Albert raise up on your end.
Guide it, Channy! That’s it!”

  The stout round timber was neatly
“stepped” in the hole, and stood upright
across the two horizontal cross-pieces.

  “Now Robert,” Bain ordered the driver,
“coon up to the cross-piece.”

  A rope was handed him, and the manager
instructed Robert to pass a loose loop about
the upright post, making fast to the middle
of the upper cross-timber.

  By this time the chain had been securely
fastened to the stout timber attached to the
bottom frame-work of the barge. The free
end, which ran through the hole cut in the
forward bulkhead of the boat for the pur-
pose, was dragged uphill to the contrivance
between the trees. The chain was made
fast near the middle of the upright log, with
several yards over. This surplus was used
in attaching four strong levers, each eight
feet in length, at right angles to the up-
right.

  “Mistuh Bain done made a windlass!” ex-
claimed Willie in gleeful triumph.

  “He sho’ is!” came a murmured chorus of
admiration.

  “Hit ain’t no windlass; hit’s a capstand,”
scornfully corrected Channy, who had been
a “steam boat nigger.”

  “Well, what de difference? One works
up, an’ one hit works crossways; dey does
de same, don’t dey?”

  “Now boys, listen: With those four levers,
and four or five men on each one, walking
round, we can drag that barge out. But go
easy. Even a new boat can’t stand rough
handling on land, and this one ain’t new by

a - sight. Besides, it’ll have tons of

water in it. If we could snatch it right out,
it would smash like an egg shell. As she
comes, inch her and give the water time to
spill back.”

  Bain made a final inspection of all ar-
rangements.
Flood

67

   “Get your rollers ready, Willie. Line ’em
up. All set up there? Hold till I say the
word. Easy, now, take up your slack.
Hold it! Now—all together—steady!”

   There was a dumb, deadly struggle, as the
men strained against the inertia of the big
load. Then the barge stirred. It gave
hardly more than a wriggle in its muddy
bed, but Bain, watching at the water’s edge,
knew that in the first round, he and his crew
had won.

  “Steady!” he called. “Hold what you
have and get your wind a minute. She’s
coming.”

   Inch by inch, taking every precaution and
allowing the water to waste back from the
lower end as the hull was dragged upward,
the barge was pulled up the slope. After
the first great tug had freed the bottom of
the boat from its nest of mud, power be-
came a secondary consideration. Now they
must go slowly for fear of damaging the
ancient planking of the sides and bottom.

  But as dusk settled for the third time
upon the group marooned on Indian Mound,
the last hatful of water—they had no bucket
with which to bale—was flung out of the
‘barge, which now rested high and dry.
Bain declared it time to “grub up” and
sleep.

  The manager himself mounted guard over
the barge and wagon-bed boat. The camp
was quiet throughout the night.

  Dawn came in a lull of the bitter wind
which had swept down from the northeast
for forty-eight hours. The sky was plas-
tered smoothly over with a uniform gray
cloudiness, and an occasional small, dry,
snowflake brushed Bain’s anxious face as he
tramped uphill to camp.

   “All right, boys!” he called. “Roll out!”

  Tattered black forms, dopey with sleep,
slowly crawled into sitting postures about
the fire, then scrambled to their feet.

  “The heavy work’s over,” announced the
manager. “We can divide our crew. Wil-
lie, take Channy and Rob, and get you some
good throwing sticks and clubs cut. When
you get plenty, take the wagon-bed and see
what you can find for grub. Try to get
enough for two days.” Soon after a meager
breakfast of the interminable meat, meat,
meat, with no salt to put on it, the hands
were hard at work.

  Close inspection showed the barge to be
in anything but seaworthy condi tion. There
were two holes in the bottom, one fully

three feet square, and the side, most of
which had been under water, was smashed
in several different places.

  “Hit’s sho’ a wreck!” exclaimed Uncle
John Key anxiously. “Boss, is we gwine to
staht out in dat, an’ it a-spittin’ snow?”
“We’ll cobble it up, Uncle John. We’ll
have quiet water here in the woods, and
after we get to the open we’ll be nearly
safe.”

  “Yessuh.”

  The old darkey was apparently reassured.
Bain set some of his men to splitting long,
straight logs into rough clapboards, while
others cleaned the barge. The manager
stood over this group and superintended
their work closely.

  “Don’t put too much steam into that
scraping, Albert,” he cautioned, critically
examining the floor of the flatboat. “She
won’t stand much man-handling.”

“Nawsuh. She sho’ ain’t overly stout,”
acquiesced the cheerful youth. “Mistuh
Bain, how is we gwine to patch dem holes?”
“We’ll cobble ’em up, Albert. Is that
the boat coming back?”

  “Hit sho’ is. Dey got a load of rabbits an’
’possums too. Jes’ look!”

  The hunting expedition had certainly been
highly successful.

  “We jes’ raked ’em in, Cap,” explained
Willie. “Us found a drif’ ’bout big as a
island. It wuz most covered wid critters,
mostly rabbits an’ some ’possums.”

  “Well, their hard luck is our ’vantage,”
mused Bain, viewing the trophies of the
chase. “They would have starved or frozen
anyway in a couple of days. Unload ’em,
and put six or eight men to cleaning and
cooking.”

  When the wagon-bed was empty, the
manager had it dragged from the water.

  “Uncle John, you and Channy and Willie
and Anderson take that to pieces. Don’t
lose a nail or a screw. That’s what we need
most. Don’t wreck the floor; it’s tongue-
and-groove; just leave it whole. We’ll nail
it over those holes.”

  With a sharp ax the floor was cut in two,
cross-wise; the halves were split. Four
patches were thus secured. These were
nailed over the yawning holes in the floor of
the barge. Bain had a false floor of green
clapboards laid amidship when the patching
was completed. Earth was spread upon
this.

  “We’ll need fire,” he exclaimed; “we
68

Adventure

won’t be working so hard, and our clothes
are pretty well worn out.”

  Rollers were placed between the shore and
the barge, and it was gently returned to the
water from which it had been hauled with
such labor twenty-four hours before. The
chain was not detached from the windlass,
but it was slackened as the boat was eased
downward with prize-holes. Launching
was easily accomplished.

  “Well, it floats,” was Bain’s unimpas-
sioned comment.

  They had done their work thoroughly;
but little water came in by the patches,
which had been lagged and calked with cer-
tain less essential garments donated or com-
mandeered. The craft as it stood possessed
the two salient qualities of an egg-shell boat:
Great displacement—and consequent buoy-
ancy—and extreme fragility.

  Before placing firewood, their axes and
provisions on board, Bain called the twenty-
two negroes to the camp-fire. While warm-
ing his back and looking vaguely over the
tree tops, he addressed them without rhet-
oric, tilting backward and forward on his
heels and toes to keep from roasting.

  “Boys, that barge will hold us all and
would float twice as many again. But she’s
rotten as a last year’s punkin shell, and if we
smash into a log or a tree or if we ain’t care-
ful every which-a-way, there’ll be the-

to pay.

  “Here’s what I mean to do: We’ll get out
on Dupree Lake and follow it to where the
wragon road strikes in. Then we’ll travel
east, following the opening of the road till
we hit the dummy-line track. We can turn
north then and follow that to the plantation.
The dummy-line right-of-way will give us
clear going, and pretty soon we’ll get to
where the road bed is graded.

  “The water oughtn’t to be very deep over
that. There is a string of flats loaded with
logs standing on the dummy-line not far
from Pecan Bavou. If anything goes wrong,
and we have to swim, better strike for there,
if we’re too far to make the Mound. Swim
from tree to tree. If the cold don’t get you,
you can make it.”

  “What ef we can't swim?” asked Uncle
John Key earnestly.

  “Sink,” said Bain laconically, amid a
heartening shout of laughter, and thus
ended the longest speech he had ever made.
“Now get the stuff on board. Don’t leave
any axes nor rope; we may need ’em.”

  When the men trotted downhill to their
welcome task, Willie Thompson, unnoticed,
tarried behind.

  “Cap,” he said in a low voice to Bain,
“watch dat big scar-faced nigger. I heard
him talkin’ las’ night, an’ now I knows
where I done seed him befo’.”

  “Who is he?”

  “You ’member dat hold-up nigger what
you caught five vear ago dis fall at de wood-
shed?”

BAIN did. When the negro had
presented a gun at his head, the
manager, who had an armful of
oak stove wood, had let drive
with the top billet of the load which he
happened to be still holding in his right
hand.

  It was only necessary then to dump the
wood on his prostrate assailant’s head, and
go in to telephone the doctor and deputy
sheriff. A surgeon, a jury and a prison
warden next had to do, in the order named,
with the daring stranger. Bain had not
thought of the incident before for three
years. It came back now in a flash, and his
own memory corroborated Willie’s informa-
tion.

  “Hum! That’s the bird,all right. Wouldn’t
be surprized if he wasn’t responsible for
our being here, Willie. I guess he set my
cord-wood.”

  “Cap, I knows he did. Listen heah what
I heard him tellin’ dat worthless Fair
Thomas an’ Oakley Brown las’ night: He
say he gwine to ketch yo’ widout your gun
’fore we gits home, an’ git even ’bout dat
other time. He done busted out f’om de
Tucker State Farm and ’lows he kilt a.
guard. He sho’ thinks you’s got a gun,
Mistuh Bain.”

  “Does he?”

  Bain might have been discussing a cup of
coffee.

  “Yessuh. He sot de wood on fiah to
bring you out, but we wuz all dere, an’ he
wuz ’feared to shoot. You watch him,
Mistuh Bain, an’ I sho’ will. He won’t talk
none to our niggers. But he is busy plannin’
mischief wid dem no ’count day-hands what
stahted to skip wid him.”

  “Much oblige, Willie. I’ll watch.”

  They descended to the barge. The pro-
vision of charred, half-cooked meat—they
were learning what it is to loathe food and
to starve simultaneously—was stored on
Flood

69

board. A supply of dry firewood, the axes,
rope, chain and fragments of the wagon-
bed were likewise put on the barge. A
quantity of long, straight poles, and rude
paddles hewed from split green boards were
placed on top of the other equipment ready
to hand. Bain saw to everything.

  “Those gunwales ought to be strength-
ened and stiffened, but we ain’t got the
nails,” he mused. “They’re rotten as
punk.”

   The negroes, glad of any release from that
mound of tribulation, were piling into the
quaking, high-riding hull.

  “Not so fast there!” barked Bain. “Some
of you’ll put a foot through the bottom.
Take your time and be careful.”

  He saw the last man—Channy—safe
aboard. After a searching look to see that
all of their slender store of equipment was
loaded, the manager carefully straddled the
forward gunwale and stepped aboard.

  “Shove off, Channy.”

   They were afloat at last!

  From the Mound they abandoned, to the
nearest land which stood above water, it
was seven and a half miles. Following the
I only route which would be possible for their
craft, their voyage could not be less than
twice this distance. Using the care abso-
lutely necessary to safety and propelled by
their crude paddles, they could not hope to
reach the plantation before afternoon of the
following day, if all went well.

   All did not go well.

  They traversed Dupree Lake, tied up for
the night and were not far from the dummy
line the morning of the second day of the
voyage, when disaster came upon them with
one stroke of an ax.

  For days now, and greatly augmented
since the party had embarked, the strain on
Bain’s nerves had been intense. Knowing
the weaknesses of their craft as none of them
did, he watched every movement of every
man, saw that floating logs were avoided
and limbs and tree trunks passed at a safe
distance.

   He assigned positions in the barge to each
man. The older and more careful negroes
were placed where the planking of the gun-
wale and bottom was rottenest. Bain him-
self stood amidship on the starboard side.
The gunwale at this point was little better
than punk, and he knew that the least lick
on it there would precipitate disaster.

  It was near noon on the second day of

their voyage when their fragile ark glided
out into the open waters of Pecan Bayou.

  “Mistuh Bain, hits a-runnin’!” yelled
Channy excitedly.

  Instinctively the eight men who were
paddling—four to the side—held their
stroke. The high-riding light shell imme-
diately felt the impulse of the live water.

  “Paddle on your side, Willie!” Bain
warned sharply. “Back water, Anderson—
all on this side back hard!”

  Before the dangerous momentum given
by the unexpected current could be counter-,
acted by the paddles, the barge spun half
around, and darted like a sentient thing for
the bushy top of a submerged water elm.
The springy limbs ensnared the drifting
boat. In half a second it lay at rest in the
tree top. No holes were punched in the hull,
so far as they could see.

  “Don’t move,” called Bain to the fright-
ened negroes. “If you start rushing around
we’re sunk.”

  He crept forward carefully through the
limbs, knife in hand, lopping off the smaller
branches as he moved.

  “We is ridin’ on a even keel, anyhow,”
said Channy thankfully.

  Bain completed his rapid survey.

  “We can get off, all right, but we’ll have'
to work like walking on eggs. These limbs
are stiff enough to hold us, but they ain’t
any good to stand on.”

  “Want us to be cuttin’ dese limbs, Cap,”
asked the scar^faced negro respectfully.

  “Go to it,” answered Bain.

  If he hesitated to place an ax in the man’s
hands, the fact that he had no gun would
be apparent. The manager himself handed
the desperado an ax, treating him precisely
as he did the others.

  “Careful!” he cautioned. “If you stave

in the side,-’s to pay.”

  “Boss,” suddenly asked Robert, “is dis
up-stream or down-stream from dem flat
cars loaded wid logs?”

  “Up-stream—about two hundred yards.”
“Dats luck, sho, ain’t it, Mistuh Bain?”
“Yeah. If we get loose we can shove out
into this current and go right down. If we.,
have to swim it’ll be easy to make, if we
don’t freeze.”	,

  “If we gits to there, we is all right,” vol-
unteered Willie Thompson cheerfully. “De
water over de railroad bed won’t be overly
deep. Us kin wade out if we gits to dem
flat cars.”
70

Adventure

  “Yes,” Bain acquiesced slowly, “the
water over the dummy line oughtn’t to be
over two or three feet deep in most places.”

  “Cap,” asked Scar-Face, “ef we gits on
dat track, how far is we to sho’ nufT dry
land?”

  “Couple of miles.”

  For a quarter of an hour they worked
carefully to dislodge the barge. Finally all
obstructions were cleared but one limb,
which held them amidship, just under
the rotten section of the starboard gun-
wale which Bain had guarded with such
care.

  “Now boys, listen!” the manager warned.
“We’ve got to get off here, but we may
smash this side in doing it. If we do, we’ll
sink in four minutes. If we have to swim,
strike a line this way—” he pointed south-
east— “for those flat cars. Swim from tree
to tree. The water here in the bayou chan-
nel is about forty feet deep now, but if you
get to the log cars you can climb out on
them and get your wind. Then wade this
way, northwest, on the road bed.” Bain
leaned overboard to inspect the detaining
limb.

  “Look out!”

  It was Willie’s voice, high-pitched with
urgency and fear. The manager turned, as
a gleaming ax blade smashed the rotten
planking where his neck had rested. Bain
had just time to identify his assailant before
the big boat, listing swiftly to the inrush of
water from the wrecked side and borne down
by its cargo of scrambling, shrieking ne-
groes, slid to the sand-scored bottom of
Pecan Bayou.

THE tingling shock of icy water
cut to Bain’s very heart. For the
first time in five days and nights
he thought of his own fate as a
thing distinct from the group of dependent
beings under his charge. He shot to the
surface with vigorous strokes. Already the
men were swimming into the trees below.

  The timber was so thick that a few strokes
would carry a man from one objective to an-
other. With the strong current aiding, this
was acomplished with practically no effort.
Only the gripping, marrow-searching cold of
the water could prevent their reaching the
flat cars below.

  The manager was no expert swimmer,
but a level head is half the battle when one
is dumped suddenly into deep waters. He

calmly turned on his left side, and struck
out for a large oak fifty yards down-stream,
following the course taken by his crew.

  “Oh, Mistuh Bain! Don’t leave 01’
Uncle Jawn, Mistuh Bain—please suh don’t
leave me heah to die! Mistuh Bain! Oh,
Mistuh Bain!”

  He had reached the oak. Catching a
lower limb the manager, in defiance of the
cold, was resting. The old darkey’s voice
came faint from the elm top near which the
barge had gone down. Bain weighed his
chances deliberately. He could swim to
safety with the start he had. If he returned
and attempted the journey again, with a
panic-crazed old negro in tow, the outcome
would be, at best, doubtful.

  “Mistuh Bain, don’t leave me heah to
die! Hit’s 01’ Jawn! Oh, Mistuh Bain!”

  The white man suddenly stopped reason-
ing and turned to breast the icy current on
the back trail. As he turned a heavy stick
of sodden drift-wood drove into the water
in the exact spot his head had been a half
second before. In the same instant he saw
the huge convict lose his balance, and fall,
plunging head foremost from a limb upon
which he had perched to do his murder.

  Bain did not miss a stroke. Glancing
back he saw that the negro’s foot seemed to
be caught in a fork, while he made frantic
efforts to draw himself back on the limb.

  “I’ve been lucky twice this day,” Bain
said half aloud.

  It was as nearly a prayer as he had ut-
tered in twenty-five years.

  “Oh, Mistuh Bain!”

  There was more of patient trust than of
fear in the old man’s weakening voice. The
manager noted it as he fought his way back,
and it warmed him to the desperate
work.

  He found the old negro clinging like a
huge black locust to the rough bark of a
limbless red-gum.

  “I knowed you’d come ef you heahed me.
Mistuh Bain, I can’t swim none. What is
us gwine to do?”

  Bain’s answer was dramatic. A cotton-
wood rail was shooting down the channel.
He plunged after it, and returned pushing
the buoyant stick of timber.

  “Now just keep your head, Uncle John,
and you’ll eat corn bread and mustard
greens by your own fireplace tonight. You
ain’t forgot how Aunt Sally fixes ’em, with
hog jowl and red pepper?”
Vanished Castles

71

  Exhibiting confidence which he lacked
and square miles of feeling, Bain gradually
detached Uncle John from his tree.

  “Don’t try to ride the rail, Uncle John!
Sink deep, and just let it bear your head up.
That’s it! You can’t sink: just float along
with it.”

  The current shot them under the oak
Bain had lately quitted. Depending from
a lower limb hung the body of a man. The
left ankle was fast in a fork of the springy
wood. Only the head hung in water. The
giant negro had been drowned like a strug-
gling kitten, his head forced gradually
lower and lower by sheer exhaustion. His
last attempt on Bain’s life had destroyed
him.

  That night one white man and twenty-
one negroes drank clean water, ate food
other than meat and slept under a roof for
the first time in nearly a week.

  Not only did all the men—with the one
gruesome exception—reach home in safety,

but the teams were found safe and sound;
all but 01’ Tony and 01’ Joe, Robert’s be-
loved jug-heads.

  “It’ll cost me seven hundred 'dollars to
replace them,” thought Bain, opening ac-
cumulated mail next morning. “We can
salvage the wagons, but Robert’s team’s
gone.”

  He jerked open an uninteresting second-
class envelope perfunctorily. A cheaply
printed dodger fell out.

  “$iooo Reward” it was headed. Below
was an unmistakable likeness of Scar-Face.
He had murdered a guard and a trusty at
Tucker State Farm in making his escape
three months before. In bold letters the
reward was again specified in the bottom
line, with the significant addition:

  “Dead or alive.”

  “Either way he’ll pay for 01’ Tony and
01’ Joe,” said Bain, “but I like him a lot
better the way he is. Oh, Willie! Get the
skiff ready!”

VANISHED CASTLES

by F. R. Buckl

e y

fcSy-JOBS A general rule, oppression in the
■r A wl Middle Ages was strictly a one-way
affair; the lords oppressed the

  §K 4 people, and that was all there was
about it. But there were exceptions to this
general rule; for example, the feudal law
seemed to run rather sluggishly in the neigh-
borhood of Liege. In the fifteenth century,
at the time when feudalism was at the apo-
gee preceding its decline, this manufacturing
■city, under its ruling Bishop, had an ex-
tremely short way of dealing with intrusive
nobles. The city is surrounded by heights
which, commanding it, offered most eligible
sites for feudal castles, since one of the feu-
dal jests with the commonalty was the stop-
ping of provisions until a ransom should be
paid.

  But according to Michelet:

  “Some morning, the mountain would hear
no sounds from the city, and would see
neither fire nor smoke. The people had
struck work. Presently from twenty to
thirty thousand workmen would defile
through the gates, march on such or such

a castle, dismantle and lay it level with the
ground. They would indemnify the baron
with lands in the plain—” where, to inter-
polate a remark, he could not watch them—
“and a good house in Liege—” where they
could keep an eye upon him.

  The archives of the city, quoted by the
same historian, relates that one of the bar-
ons in question, Sir Radus, returned from a
journey he had taken in company with the
Bishop of Liege, to find the spot on which
his castle had stood entirely bare.

  “By my fay, Sir Bishop,” his astonished
voice comes to us down the ages, “I know
not whether I am dreaming or awake; but
I was accustomed to see my house, Syl-
vestre, here, and now I do not perceive it.”
“Be not angry, my good Radus,” replied
the Bishop gently. “You shall not be a
loser by it.”

  One imagines the gentle churchman look-
ing slightly embarrassed.

  “But,” he adds diffidently, “I have had
a monastery built out of the stones of your
castle.”
The Teeth.

 MC

ty

Rolf Bennett

Author of “The Sleeping Partner,” “The Cask," etc.

N

|EE that island over there, away
on the port bow?”

  I looked in the direction to-
ward which the skipper of the
Golden Treasure was pointing, and with
some difficulty was able to make out a faint
blur, rather like a smudge of dark cloud,
against the horizon.

  “I can see something,” I answered a little
doubtfully.

  “Well, that’s Atimara. It’s marked on
the chart, but if you didn’t know you might
easily mistake it for a fly-blow. I once
knew a skipper, not well acquainted with
these latitudes, who made that mistake and
piled up his ship there in a fog. Anyway,
that’s Atimara, old David McClure’s is-
land.”

  “And who,” I inquired innocently, “is old
David McClure?”

  “Never heard of David McClure! Oh,
well, perhaps you wouldn’t, being a stranger
in these parts. But he’s a rum old bird, is
McClure. One hits on some queer speci-
mens in these parts, but he’s about the
queerest of them all. Yes, I think I may
say that. And his teeth— Mean to say
you’ve never heard about his teeth?”

  “No, but I should like to.”

  “Why, those teeth of his, they’re known
from one end of the Pacific to the other.
Famous, they are. But I’ll tell you about
them if you like. And it’s a rum story.”

“The Teeth of McClure," copyright, 1925, by Rolf Bennett. 72

  The skipper settled himself more com-
fortably in his deckchair, then filled and
lighted his pipe. When it was drawing to
his satisfaction he started, and this is the
story of the teeth of McClure.

  “About thirty-five years ago,” he began,
“David McClure came to Atimara, which,
as I’ve told you, is no more than a flea-bite
of an island, as islands go. Where he came
from and why he went there, I don’t know
and, anyway, it doesn’t much matter. But
he started right away to annex that island
and he did it. Nobody interfered with him,
for nobody knew whether the island be-
longed to the French, the British or the
Germans and, what’s more, nobody cared.
So McClure, he built himself a store and
imported a lot of trade-goods which he bar-
tered with the natives for copra. And a
mighty good thing he made of it, did
McClure. Before he came, the natives
must have wasted tons of cokernuts through
carelessness, ignorance and the like, and
also through not having a regular market.
Well, McClure changed all that and before
long Atimara was shipping more copra than
many islands double its size.

  “For a time, maybe a year or more, Mc-
Clure was content with that. He’d got a
monopoly of the trade and he was respected
by the natives. He didn’t try to govern
them or make any laws, though some of
their customs weren’t what you’d call
The Teeth of McClure

73

refined, not by long odds. In those days it
wasn’t unusual for different villages to de-
clare war on one another, have a fight and
end up with a cannibal feast. McClure
didn’t like that, because during these
fights—and when they were drunk with
kava—they did a lot of damage to the coker-
nut palms and that meant so much less
copra. Still, he didn’t like to interfere
with them, not knowing what might hap-
pen if he did, and I won’t say he wasn’t
wise. If they wanted to eat one another,
it wasn’t any concern of his, but he cer-
tainly did get rattled at the loss of so many
good palms. But, as I say, he couldn’t do
anything—not then.

  “And now I’m coming to the strange part
of it. McClure had a complete set of false
teeth. I’ve heard say that he’d picked
them up second-hand in San Francisco, but
I don’t believe it, myself. But whether
he bought them first or second hand, he was
mighty proud of those teeth, was McClure.
And sometimes, when palavering with the
natives, he’d astonish them by clapping
ihis hand to his mouth and taking out his
teeth. They couldn’t understand it at all,
and at first some of them were a bit fright-
tened, never having seen such a thing
before.

  “Well, the fame of those teeth spread
and natives even came from other islands,
just to see McClure take them out of his
head and put them back again. It helped
his business quite a lot, for outside natives
would come and trade with him just for the
sake of seeing him take out his teeth. It
never struck McClure at the time that the
inhabitants of Atimara had made up their
minds that these teeth of his must be a sort
of demon or god which could act, so to
speak, independent of him. He thought
they looked at it as a sort of novel conjuring
trick, and him as a mighty clever fellow for
being able to do it.

  “Now it was McClure’s habit to take his
teeth out every night before going to bed
and put them on the veranda rail to air, as
you may say. And it used to puzzle him
why, when he went to fetch them in the
morning, there should be half a dozen or so
empty cokernut bowls lying under the
veranda. He couldn’t make it out at all,
McClure couldn’t, until one day his atten-
tion was attracted by Jake. This Jake
was a young goat of that name which had
been given him by the skipper of a trading

schooner, and McClure had grown most
astonishingly fond of it. I don’t think I
ever saw another animal with such a baleful
and wicked look in its eyes as that goat had.
And apart from hating everything and
everybody he, this goat, was all horns and
appetite.

  “However, there’s no accounting for
tastes, and McClure certainly did love this
wretched goat, notwithstanding it tried to
butt him every time he came within range of
its moorings. Now one morning, as I say,
when he went out as usual to fetch his teeth
and wish the time of day to Jake, McClure
noticed something funny about the goat.
At first he thought it was ill and wondered
if any of the natives, who all hated Jake

like the-, had been trying to poison him.

But the more he looked, the more sure he
was it couldn’t be that. And at last he
got the right answer. Jake was drunk.
Yes, sir, if ever a goat was soused, that goat
was Jake.

  “How' did he get drunk? McClure tried
to figure it out—and you’ll allow it was a
pretty tough conundrum—and, while he
was doing it, he happened to notice the
usual empty cokernut shells lying on the
ground below the veranda. Well, he
started putting two and two together, did
McClure, and presently the answer came to
him in a flash. The natives, he reckoned,
must be in the habit of coming to the store
at night and placing offering of food and
kava—that's the native tipple, you know—
down opposite where the teeth were airing.
And Jake, his chain being just long enough
to reach the spot, had lapped up the lot,
food and kava as well. But to make abso-
lutely sure, McClure had the chain short-
ened so that Jake couldn’t reach the spot
wThere the offerings were placed. And the
next morning he found them there, little
cokernut bowls filled with food and kava.

  “As for Jake, there wasn’t a madder goat
in al! the Pacific. I suppose he’d got to
like his little drop of drink, but anyway he
tried all he knew to butt McClure and,
when he couldn’t do that, he tried to butt
the store down. So always, after this, Mc-
Clure left him a little bowl of kava over-
night—which shows you what a fool he’d
grown to be over that goat.

  “Anyway, that’s how he came to learn
what the natives thought of the teeth, but
whether they reckoned the teeth them-
selves were a spirit, or were just used by a
74

Adventure

spirit, he didn’t know. It’s difficult for a
white man to see inside a native’s mind, or
even to guess his thoughts, and in that re-
spect McClure wasn’t any wiser than the
rest of us.

  “But as owner, or guardian or high priest
of the teeth—and he didn’t know which he
was supposed to be—McClure saw that he
could do things he wouldn’t have dared
otherwise. So he started right there to
make laws and regulations and other im-
provements. He even put a stop to can-
nibalism and fighting; likewise he built a
wooden jetty and had roads made between
the different villages. What he said, went.
And after a time the natives brought their
quarrels for him to decide, instead of settling
them with a knife or a spear as before, and
his verdict was accepted without question.
For he judged fair, did McClure, as fair as
any man could.

        “THAT went on for years. Now
gGjSjsd and again a new trader, hearing
what a lot of copra was shipped
from Atimara and the big profits
McClure was making, would come and fix
up a store in the hope of getting some of
the business. But the natives refused to
have anything to do with strangers, and
it always ended by the newcomer clearing
out after selling his trade-stock to McClure
for anything that McClure liked to give.
Well, so it went on and it looked as if
McClure was as unshiftable as the Rock
of Gibraltar. But you never know what’s
going to happen in this world, do you?

  “One day a new trader arrived at Ati-
mara. His name was Joe Price and he’d
come from Port Moresby in Papua—any-
way, he said he had. Well, he built himself
a store, just like all the others had done, and
started business by offering the natives
better terms for their copra than McClure
had ever given. This didn’t worry Mc-
Clure any, for most of the others had done
the same, thinking they could smash him
that way, and always it was themselves that
got smashed. All McClure had to do was
to sit tight and say nothing, and presently
he’d buy the other chap’s stock and wave
him good-by from the jetty.

  “Well, it looked as if the same thing was
going to happen sure enough this time.
None of the natives would go near the new
man’s store and though he gave presents to
the village headmen, and they took them,

it didn’t bring him a cent’s worth of trade.
And McClure was l already beginning to
figure out what he’d give Price for his stock,
when a very remarkable thing happened.

  “The teeth disappeared.

  “They disappeared one night. When
McClure went in the morning to take them
off the rail of the veranda, they weren’t
there. McClure, he could hardly believe
his eyes, and it was some little while before
he was convinced that they really had gone.
Now you’ll understand what a mighty bad
shock this gave McClure; all his power and
influence over the natives rested on those
teeth of his.

  “He didn’t know what to make of it at
first, but it wasn’t so very long before he
reckoned he had the answer to the riddle.
He felt as certain as could be that none of
the natives would have dared lay a finger
on the teeth; they were much too scared of
them for that. So who could have stolen
them but Price, the fellow who was still
trying to knock him out?

  “Price, of course, had heard all about the
teeth and he knew that it was because of
them McClure had a monopoly of the trade
and ruled over Atimara like a little tin king.
He likewise knew, Price did, that the teeth
were put on the veranda rail outside Mc-
Clure’s store every night to receive the offer-
ings of the natives. So, you see, it would
be a pretty easy job for him to creep up to
the veranda at night and pocket the
teeth.

  “It was a wonder none of the other
traders who’d tried to do business in Ati-
mara hadn’t thought of the same thing,
seeing how easy and simple it was. Now
that it was too late, McClure wanted to
kick himself, for being such a fool as to leave
his teeth where Price, or any one else who
might have a grudge against him, could
just walk up and take them away.

  “Well, they say troubles never come
singly, and it happened that way to Mc-
Clure. Before he’d got over the shock of
losing his teeth, or had had time to think
how he might get them back, he saw some
of the village headmen coming up the road
to the store. It didn’t strike McClure as
anything unusual till he saw that each of
them carried something in his hand—a
gourd, for instance, a dead chicken, a lava-
lava, as the native dress is called, and so on.
They walked up to the front of the store and
sat down facing it, as they always did for a
The Teeth of McClure

75

palaver, and McClure stood on the veranda
waiting to hear what they’d got to say.

  “So after the kava bowl had been passed
round, the oldest headman got up and
spoke. During the night, he said, a lot of
damage had been done to native property;
fences had been knocked down, garden
crops damaged, a chicken killed and even
some of the family washing, left out to dry,
had been destroyed. And to prove it, each
man held up what he’d brought with him—
the damaged gourd, the dead chicken, the
torn lava-lava and what not.

  “It was then that McClure had what he
took to be an inspiration, and sorry enough
he was for himself afterward. It seemed
to him that nothing better could have hap-
pened. It seemed sort of providential to
him that all this damage should have been
done just then, and he thought he saw his
way to take advantage of it. So what must
he do but pitch those headmen a fine yarn
about how the other white man had stolen
the sacred teeth in the night, and how the
tooth spirit was angry at this outrage and

had played the-with their property to

ilet them know it?

  “The only way to appease the tooth
spirit, he said, was for them to insist on
Price putting the teeth back in the place
where the spirit was accustomed to look for
them. If they didn’t do that, and the teeth
didn’t come back, he said, the gardens and
such-like would be destroyed from one end
of Atimara to the other and no two ways
about it.

  “When McClure had finished talking, the
oldest headman stood up again and started
to speak. He said it wasn’t any tooth
spirit which had destroyed their garden
stuff and so on, but the taubada's goat,
Jake. He’d worked free from his moorings
in the night, Jake had, and had gone on the
spree. Lots of the natives had seen him
and some had tried to catch him, but though
he’d got several fathoms of chain adrift of
him astern, Jake had been too slippy for
them.

  “Well, McClure sent for his servant—a
Chink that did his cooking and the house-
work—and the Chink said it was quite right
what the headmen said. Jake had got
loose in the night and escaped. Hfr’d come
back early in the morning and Man Fong—
that was the Chink—had caught him and
fastened him to his moorings again.

  “Now McClure knew enough about the

native mind to be aware that it hasn’t got
room for more than one idea at a time.
Those chaps had seen Jake raising Cain in
their garden patches, and it was no use try-
ing to tell them it was the tooth spirit.
They knew better. And the fact that he’d
tried to make out it was the tooth spirit
hadn’t done him any good, either. He
could see that. It was a great pity he
hadn’t waited till he’d heard all they had to
say, before trying to put that yarn across.
All he could do now was to promise com-
pensation for the damage Jake had done
and let it go at that. He knew he’d made a
mess of things, did McClure.

  “Of course it wasn’t very long before
every one in Atimara knew that McClure
had lost his teeth. Now you’ll generally
find that a native, though he may be
plunged fathoms deep in superstition, has a
logic that’s as simple and unanswerable as a
child’s. And the way those chaps looked
at it was this: If McClure hadn’t got the
teeth, then he couldn’t make the tooth
spirit—or whatever they reckoned it to be—
he couldn’t make it punish them if they
went to Price and got better terms for their
copra.

  “There was no two ways about that,
was there? And they did. In a few days
McClure’s store was as deserted as Price’s
had been. Not a native came near it, nor
brought so much as an ounce of copra.
Nativelike, they forgot all the good he’d
done, like making roads, planting coker-
nuts, making decent laws and so on. All
they cared was that they could trade with
Price on better terms than with Mc-
Clure.

  “Mind you, McClure could have afforded
to offer them terms that would have put
Joe Price out of business in a week. But
having been topside joss in Atimara for so
many years, he wasn’t going to put himself
on the other man’s level, so to speak. But
what hurt the old man most, I fancy, was
the fact that the natives didn’t come to him
to settle their disputes like they used.
McClure had, in a manner of speaking, come
to look on them almost as his children, and
it was a terrible hard blow when they de-
serted him and went instead to a stranger, a
man who hadn’t been on the island three
months. And there was another thing as
well. Having lost his teeth, McClure
couldn’t eat anything but slops, which he’d
never been used to and didn’t like.
76

Adventure

“HE GREW to be a changed
man. He became thin and hol-
low-cheeked and dyspeptic, a
mere shadow of the man he had
been before his teeth went. His only con-
solation was Jake. Why he loved that ugly,
savage brute of a goat, I never could guess.
But there it was. He’d sit for hours talking
to it, just as if it was a human being. And
Jake, he’d stand there working his jaws and
waiting for McClure to come within range
of his chain to butt him good and hard.

  “Now Price, naturally, hadn’t any cause
to love David McClure, and I don’t pretend
he had. But McClure was beaten; his
store was deserted; he couldn’t eat any
proper food and his pride had been humbled
—and that ought to have satisfied Price.
But it didn’t. He’d got his knife into Mc-
Clure, so to speak, and he meant to give it
one or two good twists while he could.

  “He soon got to know about the goat and
how McClure was sort of comforted by
talking to it, so what does Price do but
bribe one of the natives to go and kill Jake
during the night? And for all that Mc-
Clure had tried to freeze him out of Ati-
mara, it was a pretty low-down trick.

  “Anyway, the goat was murdered. Next
morning, when McClure stepped out on to
his veranda, the first thing he saw was the
dead body of Jake with a spear in its side.
From what I’ve heard tell, McClure just
broke down and cried like a child—and I
shouldn’t wonder if it was true, seeing he
was in such a low state. Anyhow, Mc-
Clure swore the goat should have a proper
Christian burial, so he dug a grave, McClure
did, and buried Jake in it and said the
prayer for them in peril on the sea, which
was the only one he could remember.

  “Now if Price hadn’t done that mean
trick on McClure, he’d probably be in
Atimara now and boss of the island. But
in getting Jake killed, he overreached him-
self. It happened this way. When the

natives heard that the goat had been
killed, what must some of them do but go
the next night and dig him up so’s they
could roast him and have a feast.

  “They lit a fire on the beach—right in
front of McClure’s store—and started in to
skin and prepare the mortal remains of
Jake. This was at night, remember, so
McClure was asleep. But presently he
was wakened up by a most almighty row
and at first he thought the natives were
attacking his place.

  “He listened for a while to their yells
and hoots, then grabbed a revolver and
went out to see what was happening. All
he could make out at first was a big fire on
the beach about fifty yards away, with a
bunch of niggers round it. However, he
thought he’d better discover what all the
racket was about, so down he goes to the
beach. There he saw a score or so of
young natives, some of them doing a sort of
war dance and others lying on their bellies
beating the ground with their hands. He
thought at first, McClure did, that they
were holding a cannibal feast and had
chosen this spot to show they didn’t care
any longer for him and his laws.

  “He tightened his finger round the trigger
of his revolver, thinking to himself he’d
reach these niggers they couldn’t break the
laws he’d given them, even if he had lost
his teeth. And he crept nearer, did Mc-
Clure, nearer and nearer.

  “And then he suddenly had a shock. For,
of course, it wasn’t a human carcass like
he’d expected, but the remains of Jake,
skinned and trussed ready for roasting. And
that wasn’t all, either. For near the car-
cass, just as they’d been fetched out of the
goat’s belly, were—the teeth of McClure!

  “And that,” concluded the skipper of the
Golden Treasure, “is why Joe Price left Ati-
mara by the first boat that called and
David McClure again became topside joss.
A cjueerish sort of story, don’t you think?”
Kings Meal

Author of “Wild Gas,” “Pluck’s Broken Parole,” etc.

! FAR as he could see, and as far
as he could see—and that was
very far indeed—all the world
was one glistening white wonder.
Mountain, hill, valley, stream, tufted wood,
and frowning hanger thicket and dense
brake—all white, and still, and silent under
the thin sun.

  He took a turn aloft about a thousand feet
up and executed an effortless circle. Then
he let himself down three hundred feet and
described a figure eight grandly. Then he
sank another three hundred feet and curved
marvelously, but it was no use—white,
white, white everywhere he looked and not a
living thing upon it—the snow.

  He was an eagle of the golden persuasion,
which means that he was gaited in a uni-
form of fine gunmetal-brown, copper and
golden bronze. Also he was hungry. In-
deed he was more than usually hungry,
even, and was a hot-bed of trouble in con-
sequence.

  Now, there may be a few things in this
world that an eagle high aloft can not see
but mostly, and at ordinary times, the
thing big enough to be eaten that an eagle
can not see a few miles off may live, but I
don’t know it.

  This, however, was no ordinary time, and
those few things were there—there under
his cruel great hooked beak, in the open,

on view to all the world, and—for the life
of him he could not see them.

  Motionless as one of the boulders around
him, the cock ptarmigan crouched and
stared up at the great dread king of the birds
slowly swimming the sunlit void above him,
and he croaked. All around him dotted
about were the other ptarmigan of the
flock, squatting as motionless as he in
the snow, looking up; and they said no
word.

  Fifty yards down the hill a mountain
hare, couched in his “form” of warm snow,
stared at the menacing embodiment of death
overhead, and she never moved, never made
the slightest attempt to escape.

  A hundred yards farther down the slope,
inert as an icicle, smack upon the peculiar
line of footprints which the hare had left
when ascending the slope some half-hour
before, bunched a stoat, long, snakey and
deadly, glaring upward at the greater terror
above him.

  All around the stoat, yet invisible to him,
were flattened little birds, little snow bunt-
ings—“snowflakes” is their pet name—and
they too were all watching the mighty eagle
shape, motionless, frozen in terror—as if
he would have troubled about them.

  But he did not see any of them. Though
quite out in the open, ptarmigan, hare,
stoat and snow buntings were as invisible
78

Adventure

to him as spirits. Because why? Because
they were all dressed in white, pure white—
except for a few parts of the snowflakes and
the tip of the stoat’s, or ermine’s, if you like,
tail, from head to heel in white.

  Slowly the eagle passed on, soaring su-
perbly, sullen and savage, ravenous and
desperate. He seemed almost as if he had a
feeling that prey was beneath him, though
he could not see it, and once swung back
again to make sure.

  Then when he was but a black speck in
the sky, no more than a mote dancing on the
eyeball, the ravenous, bloodthirsty nature
of the stoat got the upper hand of his cun-
ning, and he broke the spell.

  Some chance eddy of the icey mountain
breeze had carried to him the scent of the
snow buntings flattened amongst the snow
all round him, and, creeping cautiously, he
began to follow up the scent of one of them.
He could not see the others because they
were still, but they could see him, and in-
stantly with a gentle prattle of alarm they
were up and away, taking the stalked bird
with them—just so many little dancing
flakes of snow whirling down the wind.

  The stoat stood for a moment with head
up watching them go, then turned to the
business he had first had in hand when the
eagle stopped him, the trailing of the white
mountain hare. But that hare was no big-
ger fool than she looked. Not so big, in
fact. She had made her form in such a
position that anything tracking her along
her trail must approach down-wind, must,
that is, give itself away hopelessly. There-
fore, she smelt the deadly ermine coming,
and—pjf—was gone like some ghostly
shadow racing over the spotless white
slopes like the wind.

  The stoat stopped dead and expressed his
feelings in an angry chatter of sheer temper,
as he watched that hare literally dropping
down the giddy slopes to the far valley be-
neath. He might, of course, continue to
track her with that amazing doggedness of
which the stoat is master, but goodness
knows whether she would stop within a mile
or two, and even half that distance is a lot
to a beast cursed, or blessed, with such
short legs as friend ermine, especially over
snow.

  Then Fate, who loves to play idle tricks
and give things a wobble and see what will
happen, shifted the wind eddies a little, and

—that ermine had “frozen” to the likeness
of a marble carving of rare purity. He was
smelling ptarmigan, and it smelt good. The
hare could go hang himself in a crofter’s
snare for all he cared now. Ptarmigan was
as good for dinner as hare, or better.

  Flat as a white snake he crept over the
sparkling snow, himself invisible upon it,
save for the moving black tip of his tail—
yard by yard, foot by foot, inch by stealthy
hungry inch he drew on the scent trail. In
another six strides he must have simply
sprung by scent alone upon the motionless
bird that he could not see.

  And then, before he could move, under his]
very nose, it seemed as if a subterranean
mine had burst there in that place beneath
the snow. There was a spurt, a spout, an
upheaval, a cloud of snow, a loud, wild
whirring and flapping, a very chaos of white,
and, in a breath almost, the astonished stoat
was standing there alone and in silence, the
immemorial silence of the mountains, brok-
en only by the beat of wings dwindling
down-hill into the distance.

  He had, as a matter of fact, put up—
burst up would more correctly describe it—
nine ptarmigan, crouched in their tunnels!
on and under the snow. He did not know
it, of course, but they, or some of them, had
heard his chatter when he reviled the van-
ishing hare, and had, therefore, been warned
of his malignant presence in time. It was a
small matter, but it shows how bad and
worse it is to lose one’s temper in the
wild.

  It is, however, ten times worse to forget
an enemy in the wild. The stoat had for-
gotten one, and again it was his temper that
made him do it.

  There was a sound in the air above him,
suddenly and unexpectedly, as if a gigantic
sword had been whirled very quickly, and
there shot athwart him a vast shadow that
put out the sun.

  The stoat had no time to jump, no time to
do anything. He had only time to scream
his death cry before he had passed in a
single grip of mighty talons beyond the
worries of this world forever.

  The eagle with prismatic binocular eyes
had seen him move in the first place when he
put up the snowflakes, from very far off,
and stealing back, a very speck in the sky,
had swooped upon him in that instant,
and—slain.
Acohmns

Nommt

in/

Fntoh C.Robeffion

ylf’1"

Author of “The Shrimp,” “Desert Fame,” etc.

& ^^|0R twenty years Alex Cheney and
I IH Lisbeth had been well nigh insep-
|n	arable. She was the one thing of

»	his which he ever bragged about;

the only being upon whom he openly and
unblushingly lavished affection. And those
who claim a mule is incapable of gratitude
never knew Lisbeth.

  Lisbeth came into Alex’s possession in the
spring of 1853 back at the great frontier
outfitting base at Independence. Being
but one of a lot of forty-odd Missouri mules
purchased by Alex at that time, and being
of a somewhat neutral, dingy gray color,
Lisbeth did not attract any especial atten-
tion at that time from her new master. In
the hurry and bustle of organizing his first
wagon-train and getting it started to Cali-
fornia Alex had no time to waste upon any
particular mule. He did not even know her
age, nor did he ever know exactly how old
she was. It was true that when he bought
the lot the drover made some passing re-
mark about her, but it was not until later
that he remembered it.

  Many of the hundred and fifty mules be-
longing to Cheney’s outfit were unbroken,
and he had started with a goodly number of
extra ones. The wild ones were worked
half a day at a time and then turned loose in
the extra band to recuperate. Lisbeth had
had two such ordeals when Cheney’s big

  “Lisbeth," copyright, 1925, by David Thibanlt.	79

saddle horse broke its leg in a prairie-dog
hole and had to be shot. And, since saddle
animals were at a premium, Cheney cast his
eye over the mules and it lighted upon two
small saddle marks upon Lisbeth’s side. He
recalled then that the drover had stated—

  “That thar gray mule has been broke t’
ride.”

  From that day forward Lisbeth never
wore a collar.

  Lisbeth had a smooth, running walk that
was as easy on her rider as floating down-
stream in a canoe. She could take a sort of
jackrabbit lope at a mile-devouring clip and
keep it up for hours without tiring her rider.
And when occasion demanded she could run
like an antelope. Nor did she ever require
whip or spur.

  And so for twenty years she had shared
Cheney’s freighting destinies. There were
few parts of the West to which they had not
penetrated at some time or other, and Cheney
himself could scarcely estimate how many
thousands of miles they had piloted the way
ahead of the lumbering freight wagons.

  Adventures? They had had them by the
hundreds. There had been the time when
Alex and a friend had been chased for two
days and nights by a Sioux war party, and
for ten hours after the friend’s horse had
given out Lisbeth had carried both men—to
safety.
8o

Adventure

  ,There had been the time when, with a
whole wagon-train snow-bound, Lisbeth had
broken trail twenty miles over a mountain
divide to get help when every other horse
.and mule lay down in discouragement. And
then there had been that supreme test of
intelligence and endurance in Disaster Gulch
where, of over five hundred head of horses,
mules-and oxen Lisbeth was the only ani-
mal to survive, and she carried her master
to Virginia City in the spring.

  Winter had caught two wagon-trains in a
narrow gulch not far from the banks of the
Missouri. Cheney’s was one of them. This
time there was no escape. As the grass was
covered under four feet of snow the animals
took to browsing until every branch under
the size of a man’s arm was eaten off. Day
by day the animals died and their carcasses
remained frozen in the snow. In squalid
misery the freighters saw their sole means of
support perish.

  “Lisbeth’ll pull through,” Alex Cheney
predicted. And she did—by learning to eat
meat. Cheney would roast a whole quarter
of an ox for her, and under his tutelage she
learned to eat it.

  It was things such as these which made
Alex always turn a deaf ear to all proposals
to purchase his pet. Indeed, it would not
do for a man to become too persistent.
There was a man in Lewiston once—but
that had happened ten years before. Now
Lisbeth was no longer a dingy gray. She
was snow-white, and her muscles were no
longer as supple as they had been. Cheney
still rode her occasionally, though he
kept a saddle horse to share the burden.
No one any more ever thought of buying
her.

  In the summer of ’73 Newt Halvorsen
discovered gold on Timber Creek in an al-
most inaccessible part of the Salmon river
mountains. A stampede promptly resulted
and by the first of October there were a
thousand people in Timber City. Cheney’s
headquarters were in Salt Lake at the time
and it was the first of October before he
could arrange to start for the new camp. If
he could get in that fall with a lot of goods
he knew there would be a killing to be
made far surpassing what most of the gold
hunters could hope for. He had no doubt
of his ability to get in, but getting out
might prove a difficult proposition. How-
ever, he had never been one to hesitate in
the face of difficulties. And so, including in

his wagon-train several loads of oats, he
started.

IT HAD been on his mind to
leave Lisbeth behind, but he
knew that she would disapprove
and, somehow, a long trip without
her nosing about the mess wagon would not
seem natural.

  Snow had fallen in the higher mountains
when they reached Timber City. It was
almost December, and the hint of approach-
ing winter was unmistakable. To attempt
to get back out with his outfit Cheney knew
would be folly. He sold his merchandise at
a good price and then began to look around
Timber City itself was not high. Low
down on the creek bottom were swamps
with dry grass four feet high in great abun-
dance. He knew that his stock could winter
there without the least trouble. In the
spring there would be ore to freight out, and
in the meantime there was a chance to put
in a profitable winter at prospecting.

  He sent all his stock, with the exception
of Lisbeth, to the creek bottom. Lisbeth’s
days of enduring hardships when they could
be avoided by her master were over. He
had plenty of oats left to last her through
the winter. Some enterprising miner had
cut a ton of dry hay with a scythe and piled
it up by hand. Alex paid a hundred and
fifty dollars gold for it. Any further pro-
vender that Lisbeth might need he knew
that he could get from the boarding-house.
He built a small stable of poles chinked
with moss, and Lisbeth was snugly en-
sconced for the winter. Alex had had to
endure a great deal of joking on account of
his mule, but he took it with a good-natured
grin.

  But back in Salt Lake Cheney’s business
was going to smash.

  The news came in with the last mail, and
the man who brought it declared his intention
of remaining in Timber City for the winter.

  “I ain’t sayin’ a man can’t make it out
through the mountains, ’cause he can unless
it snows some more, but there’s ninety-nine
chances out of a hundred that it’s snowin’
on the high divides right now,” he said.

  Cheney perused the letter from home
again. It was from his wife. All the sav-
ings he had in the world except what he had
made on this last trip were tied up in a mer-
cantile establishment in Salt Lake. The
word sent by his wife was that his partner, a
Lisbeth

81

man he had known and trusted for years,
had gone bad. The fellow had become in-
volved in gambling debts, and had bor-
rowed all the money he could on the re-
sources of the firm and left the country.
Mrs. Cheney was doing her best to keep
the business going, but unless five thousand
dollars were forthcoming by the first of Jan-
uary everything would be lost.

  Swiftly the freighter took stock of his
resources. He had cleared up a little better
than four thousand dollars on this last trip.
He believed he could sell his outfit right
there in Timber City for another thousand.
And if he could get back to Salt Lake it
would be the best investment he could pos-
sibly make. For further information he
sought out the man who had brought in the
mail.

  “Man, I wouldn’t undertake the trip out
of here this winter for all the gold dust in
Timber City,” declared the man. “Should
you happen to git over the mountains you’ve
still hundreds o’ miles t’ make. There
might be somebody at Fort Hall, but you
can’t depend on findin’ help till ye git to
Call’s Fort nearly t’ Salt Lake. It's at-
temptin’ suicide.”

  Cheney thought it over carefully. No
one knew the perils of a mountain trail in
the winter time better than he. On the
other hand, losing the accumulation of years
of hard and dangerous toil was not pleasant
to contemplate. He had pulled through
some mighty tight places in his time, sur-
mounted obstacles that looked far greater
than those now confronting him.

  “-, I must be gittin’ old,” he mut-
tered to himself. “There was a time when
I wouldn’t ’a’ hesitated a minute at a thing
like this.”

  It was foreordained that he should make
the attempt. One thing Alex Cheney had
never suffered from was remorse of con-
science for having supinely bowed his head
to the storms of adversity. It was too late
for him to begin now. Two hours after the
mail carrier arrived he had begun negotia-
tions for the sale of his outfit.

  It was three days before he was able to
close the deal for enough money to save his
business and without it there was no use
for him to start. Every hour’s delay meant
danger. In selling his stock he had re-
served but one rugged, black mule in addi-
tion to Lisbeth who, of course, had never
figured in the deal.

  “S’pose yuh’ll be wantin’ t’ buy a good
saddle horse t’ carry yuh out now,” sug-
gested the man who had bought his outfit.
“There’s several good horses here that’s
grain fed.”

  “No, I’ll ride Lisbeth. She’s grain fed
too,” Cheney answered.

  The man laughed.

  “That miserable ole white mule yuh got
propped up in that stable t’ keep her from
failin’ down?”

  “She ain’t fell plumb down yet,” Alex
said grimly.

  Within an hour it was known throughout
the camp that Alex Cheney intended to ride
his old white mule. Other men, with the
best intentions in the world, tried in vain to
dissuade him. It would, they contended,

require the strongest horse in the camp to
get over the mountains, to say nothing of
the long trail over the desert to his final
destination. But Cheney was adamant.

  Alex was a marvel at packing. By some
sort of wizardry he was able to get every
necessity for the trip, and two packs of oats
for the mules as well, on the big black mule.
He had packed up in front of the chief store
in the town, and there was a crowd of loafers
on hand to give him advice to which he paid
no attention. Soon he was all ready to
start except for saddling Lisbeth, and get-
ting two small sacks from the storekeeper’s
safe.

  He had left Lisbeth standing at a tie-
rack while packing the other mule and when
he had finished he walked over and led
her to the front of the store** The crowd

ISLAND
82

Adventure

suddenly roared with laughter, and Alex
flushed angrily.

  He enjoyed a joke as much as any man,
even when it was on himself, but this sudden
amusement at Lisbeth’s appearance aroused
his ire. It was true that she had turned
white, but she was sleek and well fed. He
knew that her gait was only slightly less
springy than it had been in her youth; her
courage and ambition had not decreased one
whit, and he firmly believed that she would
come nearer to getting through than any
other animal in the camp. Why, then,
should these dubs split their sides with
laughing at her?

  The laughter continued, and Alex noted
sly digs and remarks directed at Lisbeth.
He straightened up to have it out with the
loudest offender and his eye chanced to fall
on Lisbeth’s snowy right side. The reason
for the hilarity was suddenly explained.
Written along her side from hip to neck in
sticky, irremovable black wagon-tar were
these words:

I’M OLD BUT I’M AWFULLY
TOUGH

  The wag who had played the practical
joke had certainly seen to it that the words
were clearly defined and that they would
stay there a long time.

  A slow grin overspread Cheney’s face.

  “Truer words than them there was never
wrote,” he remarked as he threw the saddle
on Lisbeth. Just the same there was a
slight resentment in his heart, for the joke
was intended as an aspersion of his pet.

  He went into the store and returned with
the two small sacks, each weighing about
fifteen pounds. He placed one in each sad-
dle bag and balanced them nicely. Then he
swung into the saddle while some wag pre-
dicted that Lisbeth would break in two un-
der the weight of Cheney and the two bags
of gold dust. He had made no effort to
conceal the fact that he was taking his dust
out with him. It would have been useless in
the first place and he felt safe anyway. He
knew there were men in Timber City who
would have taken great pleasure in relieving
him of the gold, and they would not hesitate
to kill him to do it, but he felt that the
winter and the dangers of the trail afforded
the best protection he could get.

He reined Lisbeth lightly through the
crowd, and with the big, black pack-mule at

his heels turned his back upon Timber City.

  He camped that night under a cluster of
tall tamaracks thirty miles from Timber
City. It was still early but he had no de-
sire to overdo his mules on the first end of
the trail. He fed them a handful of oats
each, necked the black mule to Lisheth who,
he knew, would never stray far from camp
and, taking his rifle, wandered up the creek
to try for a shot at some kind of game. He
had figured on killing his meat until he
got through the mountains to avoid extra
weight on his pack-mule. and he knew that
game was plentiful.

HE HAD not gone a quarter of a
mile when he sighted a fat, year-
ling buck unconcernedly browsing
on the tender twigs of a green
willow bush. It was an easy shot, and he
hungered for venison. A hind quarter
would not add any appreciable weight to
the pack, and it would go a long way if the
deep snow which he might possibly en-
counter should prevent further hunting.

  He rested his rifle on the low limb of a
tree and drew a careful bead before he
pressed the trigger. There was no report,
and the buck continued its placid browsing.
Wonderingly, Alex ejected the cartridge and
threw in another with the same result. He
was proud of his new Winchester and the
shining cartridges which he had brought
with him from Salt Lake. They had never
failed him before. He tried one more and
when the expected concussion failed to occur
he rasped out an oath that sent the startled
buck flying headlong through the timber.

  Deliberately then he tried one cartridge
after another until he made sure that they
were all bad. Each and every one had been
tampered with and the powder removed.
Since he carried his own reloading outfit
with the wagons, and every cartridge had
been reloaded one or more times there were
scratches on them which had prevented his
observing that they had been tampered with.

  He stood still in his tracks and pondered.
He knew that whoever had drawn the
powder had done so after he reached Timber
City. He considered the possibility of its
being a practical joke on the order as the
one played on Lisbeth, but rejected that
idea immediately. Sending a man un-
armed into the wilderness in that day, when
bandits and hostile Indians abounded, was
too serious a matter for any one to consider
Lisbeth

83

a joke. There was some other motive—
there had to be.

  His mind flashed at once to the gold in
his saddle bags.

  With sudden fear gripping him he turned
and ran the entire distance to his camp.
The mules had finished their oats and were
grazing a few rods from camp, Everything
was as he had left it. In a few seconds he
was his usual cool self.

  He did not minimize the dangers of his
situation. He had not the least doubt that
he would be followed, and he had no means
of defending himself. Furthermore, he had
calculated rather freely upon provisioning
himself with his rifle and if he kept on he
was pretty likely to run short. To go back
to Timber City was not to be thought of.
If he was really being followed he would
be intercepted and killed before he could
get back, and even if he had known he
could get back there he would not have con-
sidered the possibility of a retreat. He
simply was not that kind, and he had lost
more time now than he liked to think about.

  He brought his mules to camp and re-
saddled. Lisbeth regarded him wonder-
ingly but cheerfully out of her placid brown
eyes.

  “Hate to do it, old girl,” he assured her,
“but we got to lay a lot o’ miles between us
an’ whoever is on our trail.”

  . Within half an hour it was dark, but Alex
possessed an uncanny ability to stay on a
road which he had once been over, and his
sense of direction was as accurate as a com-
pass. Without hesitation he kept Lisbeth
at her fast, running walk with the big mule
lumbering along behind at a jog trot.

  It was midnight before he stopped,
turned loose his mules and rolled into his
blankets without supper. For this he had
a double reason: He did not want to risk a
fire yet, and knowing that his grub would
run short he proposed to ration himself from
the beginning.

  There were certain things in his favor
when he came to consider the situation
calmly. The outlaws would hardly dare
to leave Timber City the same day he did
for fear that their reason for doing so would
be guessed and a posse formed to pursue
them. They would likely slip out of town
immediately after dark, but he was sure
they would not dare to crowd him too hard
for fear of stumbling upon him in the dark.
They probably hoped to get close enough to

see his fire and then circle around him the
next day and head him off.

  By discovering so soon what they were
up to, getting a good lead and not building
a fire, he hoped not only to gain on his pur-
suers, but puzzle them. Unless they took
the time and trouble to track his mules the
absence of a fire might lead them to suspect
that he had taken some cut off and so cause
them to lose time in speculation. Knowing
that he had a thirty-five mile lead and know-
ing that he was being followed gave him such
an advantage that he felt he ought to keep
it. One thing only caused him misdoubts—
Lisbeth.

  To doubt her ability seemed almost like
heinous disloyalty, but this sudden, un-
looked for crisis caused him to look at facts
squarely, unblinded by the false light of
sentimentality. She was no longer what
she had been. In planning the trip he had
^figured out to a nicety how to conserve her
energy. No animal that he knew could
cover so many miles in a day at a running
walk, and it was at that pace which he ex-
pected to keep her most of the time. No
day would be too long for her at that gait.

  But now he knew that he would be fol-
lowed by the best saddle horses in the
country, and the outlaws would set a desper-
ate pace to overhaul him. To keep ahead
he would have to force Lisbeth to far greater
speed than he had planned, and age, even in
mules, had not the recuperating power of
youth. It was going to be a close race and
he realized that grim death awaited him if
he lost.

  At daybreak he caught the mules again
and got under way with no other breakfast
for himself than two hard biscuits. He
found himself almost immediately at the
foot of a long, rather steep hill that led to the
top of the first divide. It was utterly ex-
posed for lack of timber, and he knew the
men behind him—if there really were men
behind him—would possess eagle eyes.

  It was climbing a hill like this where
Lisbeth was at her best with her running
walk. To urge her faster than that was
sheer abuse and he knew it; nevertheless he
felt that this time it was necessary. The
slope was covered with a sprinkling of gravel
and by leaving the trail or road, the tracks
they would leave would be hard to follow.
But if that bit of strategy was to have any
results worth while they must not be seen.
So he put Lisbeth into her jackrabbit lope
84

Adventure

and held her to it most of the time while they
zigzagged up to the top of the divide. The
black mule led easily, but both were blowing
hard when they reached the top of the di-
vide. Alex paused just a moment to look
back for any sign of his pursuers but, seeing
none, rode on.

  They now had steep down-going for seven
or eight miles; then the road led through a
canon a distance of ten miles to where it
widened out into a valley some twenty
miles long and ten or twelve wide. They
encountered a light sift of snow on top of
the divide, and it grew deeper rather than
less as they advanced down the canon. If
the bandits came to the top of the divide
Alex knew that his endeavor to throw them
off the trail would be wasted.

  He allowed Lisbeth to take her rapid
walk down the steeper part of the trail, but
when he struck the canon he again put her
once more into a lope. Then the valley
opened up before him and he paused for
a moment of deliberation while his mules
blowed. The valley was smooth save for a
growth of scrubby sage. The wagon road,
such as it was, traversed the entire length
o£ the valley to the upper end, a distance
of twenty miles. There was grave danger
that the bandits would sight him before he
reached the other end.

  There was no snow on the floor of the val-
ley, but he could see where it began at the
upper end, and from there the trail led up
and up into higher and higher mountains.
If, instead of following the road, he should
dash straight across the valley he would
probably be able to reach the protection of
the fringe of timber that skirted it from end
to end.

  He could hide there until he made sure
that he was really being followed and, when
the bandits discovered that he had not gone
out of the valley, they might return to
where he now stood to hunt for him or his
tracks. At any rate he would have them
guessing. On the other hand, if it was to be
a straightaway race he would do better to
take the shortest route possible.

  It was Lisbeth who decided him to try to
out-guess his enemies. She was cheerful as
ever. Her big ears were wagging eagerly as
they always did when she was ready to go
ahead, but he noticed that the muscles of
her shoulders were quivering involuntarily
from the hard ride he had given her. Also,
she was breathing harder than Bee’, the

other mule. He feared that if he loped her
for twenty miles across the floor of the val-
ley she would not be able to stand the strain
of holding her own.

  The ground was frozen hard and covered
with thick, dry bunch grass. His mules, for
all that they were shod, left not a trace of
their tracks. The valley, for all that it
looked smooth from a general view, proved
to be uneven and chopped up into tiny hills
and ravines that made remarkably hard
going for the mules. But Lisbeth did not
falter, nor did she once break her steady,
mile-eating lope. She was covered with
sweat and lather and pufiing hard when they
finally reached the shelter of the timber on
the other side, her shoulders were quivering
violently, but she had not tried to lag, and
the big black mule had.

  They had struck the timber exactly where
a tiny stream meandered out of the hills.
Alex swung off, stripped the saddles from
the mules, and while they drank brushed
Lisbeth’s lathery back with a handful of
dry grass.

  “Ole girl, yore a brick,” he told her.
“Now yuh rest up an’ load up with bunch
grass while I see what I can see.”

HE CLIMBED up to the top of a
pinnacle several hundred yards
above where he had unsaddled,
which commanded a fairly good
view of the entire valley. Naturally his eyes
turned first to the mouth of the canon
which he had recently quitted—and he saw
three horsemen congregated at the spot
where he had paused to deliberate. Slowly
he dropped his spy-glass, and a grim look
settled over his face.

  At least the uncertainty was past. He
knew now what to expect—death if he was
overtaken. The men following him could
not afford to take chances on letting their
victim live. Raising his glass again he saw
two of the men gallop along the road, while
the third man fell in behind, driving five ex-
tra horses. Besides their mounts and pack
animals they had brought along extra saddle
horses. At the pace they were setting Alex
knew that it would have been next to im-
possible for him to have kept ahead of
them.

  He waited until the men ahead were half-
way across the valley and then he returned
to his mules. When he called Lisbeth came
eagerly to him, dragging the pack mule with
Lisbeth

85

with her. He gave them a small feed/of
oats and while they ate he resaddled.

   “There’s mighty long odds ag’in ye, ole
girl,” he confided to Lisbeth. “We could
put back to the mouth o’ that canon an’ git
back to Timber City before they could
ketch us, but we never did let nothin’ scare
us out, an’ I ain’t in favor o’ beginnin’ now.
How ’bout you, ole lady?”

  Lisbeth waggled her ears in complete
■ agreement.

  Picking his way carefully through the
timber Alex followed a course almost parallel
with that taken by the bandits. The wagon
road traversed the center of the valley and
he soon found that he was traveling almost
abreast of the man driving the horses. It
did not require the aid of his glass now to
keep this fellow’s movements under surveil-
lance; indeed his problem was to hug the
timber close enough not to be seen himself.
Frequently this involved tedious detours
where the timber receded far up some cove
or canon. Gradually the man with the
horses drew ahead, and then Alex frequently
cut straight across in the open.

   It had been bitterly cold that morning,
but the temperature had been rising steadily.
Owing to his absorption in watching the
movements of his enemies he had failed
to note the change in the weather until
something moist struck him in the face.
With an oath he suddenly took note that
the air behind him was full of feathery snow-
flakes. Within five minutes the view ahead
of him for more than a few hundred feet
was blotted out by the light, dry snow that
fell soundlessly.

   As long as it continued to snow it would
not be so bad; it might even prove to be a
good thing as it would cover the mules’
tracks almost as fast as they appeared. But
when it quit snowing, as he was sure it soon
would, their tracks would betray them.

   He turned into the first sheltered cove,
unsaddled and made camp. He was deter-
mined to make what use he could of the
snowstorm, and soon he had a fire going and
coffee in the pot. At least there was no im-
mediate danger of the smoke betraying him.
By the time he had eaten his first cooked
meal since leaving Timber City it had
ceased to snow. The whole valley lay under
a thin blanket of white, but in the thin, clear
air it was possible to see clear across it once
more.

   He decided that for the present the best

thing was to remain where he was rather
than to leave more tracks for the outlaws to
pick up. Again he climbed to the top of a
pinnacle, but this time he could not quite
see the place where the wagon road left the
valley. At last, however, he saw the man
who ^ad been driving the horses. This
time, however, he was going back, and he
was only driving two horses.

  For a short time Alex was puzzled, and
then comprehension dawned upon him. This
fellow was going back to where the road en-
tered the valley; the other two had remained
at the place where the road left it. They
knew by the tracks he had left that he had
entered the valley, and by the absence of
them at the upper end they knew that he
had never left it. The)' had him bottled up,
for the granite walls of the canon, excepting
these two breaks, were unscalable.

  There was nothing for him to do now but
wait for night, and the kind of night it was
to be would, perhaps, mean everything to
him. If only it would be dark and stormy
he would stand a good chance of getting by
the outlaws without detection. But if it
was cold and clear-

  Long before night he knew which it was
going to be. The last remaining cloud had
settled just above the west bank of hills. A
cold, penetrating wind was finding its way
through his clothing and making him stamp
up and down to keep warm. It would be a
cold, clear night. He could not build a fire
for there was not a doubt in the world but
that his enemies were watching for that very
thing. To stay where he was and consume
his small store of provisions, and court
further delay was likewise impossible.

  At nightfall he saddled up again and
worked his way carefully up the edge of the
valley until he was within half a mile of the
canon by which the road left the valley.
Here he left the mules and reconnoitered
carefully on foot. In a narrow place in the
canon, where it was really not more than six
rods wide he saw the camp of the outlaws.
There were several dead fir trees there—he
remembered having camped by them when
he came in—and a huge fire had been built
at the foot of them. One of the standing
trees, pitchy nearly to the top, was a mass
of flame for sixty feet. The whole bottom
of the canon was illuminated, and the
flickering flame from the burning tree at
times lighted the entire south wall of the
canon.
86

Adventure

THEN something near the top of
the canon caught his eye. By the
aid of memory and the flicker-
ing fire light he was able to get
in his mind a fairly good idea of the ledge
that ran along the wall of the canon just un-
der the top on that side. As he remembered
it, that ledge ended in a steep draw a quar-
ter of a mile up the canon which his mules
could negotiate. Only a mule or a mountain
sheep could cling to that narrow ledge, but
if he could once get them on it he believed he
could make it.. But first he determined to
investigate it himself.

  He had to cross the canon below where
the two men were sitting by their fire, but
so long as they remained within its glare
they could not see him. He could tell from
their attitude that they had no fear of him
getting past them. To his relief he found
that it would be an easy matter to get his
mules on to the ledge, but he dared not take
the chance of reaching some impossible ob-
stacle where they might have to turn back,
and so he continued on afoot. At one place
he was almost directly over the heads of the
two men by the fire, but the very glare of it
was his best protection unless the flaming
fir tree should suddenly send a higher beam
of light that might reveal him. He passed
this spot on hands and knees, keeping as
close to the canon wall as he could hug.

  This danger passed he paused and looked
down. He recognized the outlaws below
as tough characters he had seen hanging
around Timber City saloons. One of them
he had also known in Virginia City, so he
knew he was not mistaken about their char-
acter. Then he continued on until he
reached the draw at the end of the ledge.

  .Could the mules make it? He did not
know. There were places where the ledge
was not more than three feet wide. Nor
was it always a flat shelf of rock; there were
places where it sloped downward at an acute
angle that would have made a cat scratch to
stay on, and below was a perpendicular drop
of a hundred or more feet. But such places
were short and he believed the mules could
scramble over them. A horse never could.
This he did know: That it was positively the
only way to get past the outlaw’s.

  He returned along the ledge as cautiously
as he had come and went back to his mules.
He dared not make the attempt until the
fire in the pitchy fir tree had died down, but
in the meantime there was work to be done

rearranging the pack on the Bee’ mule. It
now projected far out from her sides and it
had to be built high and narrow else it
would push her off at any one of the narrow
places along the ledge. At last this was ac-
complished and he moved back as close to
the end of the ledge as he dared. Once
more he reconnoitered on foot and found
one man asleep, the other standing guard.
He had hoped that he might have a chance
to stampede their horses but they had been
picketed just above the camp in the canon.

  He saw that the pitch in the fir tree had
burned out, but tongues of flame still licked
at the stalwart trunk, and might continue to
do so for days. He decided that he might
as well make the attempt first as last, for in
the morning the outlaws would certainly
discover his tracks and if he was successful
in making his escape they would at once be
on his trail again.

  When repacking he had also torn the
canvas cover of the pack into eight strips
which he had bound carefuly over the mules’
feet. It would last long enough to muffle
the ringing of their iron shoes over the hard
rock of the ledge. A more nervous man
would have walked and led the mules, but
Alex knew that there might be times when
quickness alone could save the mules, and
there would be more danger of disaster with
him in front unable to get out of their way
than if he was riding.

  Sniffing softly Lisbeth reluctantly set her
canvas covered feet on to the narrow ledge.
The Bee’ mule at first refused to follow, but
after she was once persuaded on to it she
pressed hard on Lisbeth’s heels in her ter-
ror. With dark, towering cliffs above, an
abyss with leaping flames beneath, and the
most precarious footing in the world under
their feet it was no wonder that the mules
seemed fairly to shrivel in their terror.

  Alex could hear the harsh grating of the
pack along the rock as Bee’ crowded fran-
tically away from the edge. He could
feel it ever so slightly with his own right leg.
Occasionally it would bump rather hard, but
instantly Lisbeth would swerve away. In
all the years that he had ridden her Lisbeth
had never yet bruised his legs. When going
between trees, for instance, if there was not
room to get through without gouging her
rider’s legs she would not go through.

  Once, as they rounded a turn on the ledge
the pack caught on the edge of a projecting
boulder. There was a loud, tearing sound,
Lisbeth

87

and then the rattle of camp utensils as Bee’
shot wildly ahead. Alex saw the man on
guard below spring to his feet and look
around wildly. Once more the pack rasped
against the rock and the fellow called to his
companion, who leaped from his blankets
fully dressed.

  Alex was now approaching the point di-
rectly above the flaming fir tree. He dared
not hesitate now, for once the men’s eyes
became accustomed to the shadows they
would almost surely be able to make out the
figures of the mules above their heads.
With a light pressure of his heels against
Lisbeth’s ribs he urged her forward, and the
sapie moment, almost, a tongue of flame on
the dead fir leaped high, making the ledge
for a distance of twenty feet as plain as day.
It died down again instantly, but not be-
fore Alex heard the men’s yell of discovery.

  Immediately there came the crack of a
rifle and a bullet spatted against the rock
directly over Cheney’s head. The other
man began firing with his revolver, and it
seemed to Alex that bullets were fairly rain-
ing around him. The least misstep on
Lisbeth’s part, he knew, would send them
hurtling to their death. She had quickened
her pace of her own accord to her fastest
running walk, but he could also sense the
sureness of every step.

  Then he heard the Bee’ mule give a fright-
ened snort. There was a sound of feet
sliding over rock and the rope was jerked
from his hand. Glancing back over his
shoulder he barely glimpsed the black mule
disappearing over the rim. A moment later
a hollow sound coming from near the base
of the burning fir floated up to him, ac-
companied by triumphant yells from the
bandits.

  “Git above ’im!” Alex heard one of the
outlaws yell.

  One chance alone remained to him—to
get off the ledge and into the road before
they could intercept him. “Come on, ole
girl,” he implored, and pressed Lisbeth’s
white sides harder with his heels. She broke
into her slow lope.

  It would have been dangerous enough in
daylight to turn a man’s hair white, and the
shift of snow on the rock made it yet more
dangerous; Cheney’s hair stood on end.
Occasionally a foot slipped, and once Lis-
beth went down on her knees, but with the
quickness of a cat she recovered and scram-
bled on. And then, almost before he knew

it, they were in the steep draw at the end of
the ledge. Alex became aware that he had
been holding his breath for a length of time
that seemed ages.

  They were quickly in the road again and
ahead of their pursuers, but Alex knew the
outlaws would quickly be saddled and on
his trail. He was almost ready to pull up
and accept whatever fate the outlaws had in
store for him. Even if Lisbeth had stamina
enough to keep ahead of the horses—and it
seemed an impossible thing to expect—they
were doomed anyway on account of the
loss of the pack mule with their supplies.
To think of making a trip of hundreds of
miles with neither food nor weapons was like
the impossible optimism of a lunatic, but
behind them were the outlaws and sure
death.

  “It’s up to you, ole girl,” he whispered in
Lisbeth’s big ear. “I ain’t a goin’ to urge
ye. If ye feel like stoppin’ we will.”

  But apparently Lisbeth sensed the men-
ace behind for she showed no disposition to
slacken her pace. Wherever it was possible
to do so she maintained her jackrabbit lope,
and where it was too steep for that her
fast walking gait carried her swiftly to
the top.

DAYLIGHT found them well
into the highest range of moun-
tains they would have to encoun-
ter. The snow on the level was
six or eight inches deep and near the tops of
the ridges there were drifts that frequently
were belly deep. And in that high altitude
Alex knew the weather could change sud-
denly. It was cold now, but it might be
snowing before noon. He stopped Lisbeth
and dismounted while she rested. The out-
laws were not in sight, but he knew the re-
spite would be brief. Clouds of steam were
arising from the old white mule’s hide, her
shoulder muscles were quivering and she was
breathing hard.

  Alex tentatively hefted the saddle bags,
and a wry, bitter grin came on his face.

  “Mebbe it’s a funny thing to say but I

wish t’-I could trade this, gold dust fer

the same weight in oats,” he murmured.

  Suddenly he caught sight of his pur-
suers little more than a mile behind him.
The discovery was mutual for he saw the
leading outlaw wave jubilantly. Alex looked
at his old pet doubtfully. In years gone
she would have had her wind back after
88

Adventure

such a rest, but now her heaving had scarce-
ly diminished.

  “Well, we’ve started this we’d just as well
see it through,” he ejaculated suddenly, and
swung into the saddle.

  The outlaws were gaining, and each of
them led a relief horse. Alex could see that
they were whipping mercilessly in an en-
deavor to end the chase at once, and he was
compelled to ask Lisbeth for more speed.

  Then the outlaws changed horses and de-
spite Lisbeth’s best efforts Alex saw that it
was the beginning of the end. Not much
longer could the aged mule maintain the
grading pace. He looked at his watch and
was amazed to find that it was two o’clock
in the afternoon. At any rate Lisbeth had
given the bandits a race that they would
long remember, and she had justified his
faith in her. But to save her further pun-
ishment he decided to give up.

  And then he saw something ahead that
gave him an inspiration. To his right
loomed a short, steep canon leading to a
divide to the south. The road continued in
the deeper canon they were in to the east
around a spur-range of mountains. When
he had come in he had noted that if it were
possible to cross this spur-range a least a
hundred miles of road would be cut off. He
had known, however, that wagons could
never traverse that route, but now, in their
desperate situation it might be worth their
while for him and Lisbeth to make the at-
tempt.

  The particular thing that influenced him
to make the attempt was the seeming in-
accessibility of this canon. It was shut off
from the main canon by a barrier of cliffs
and loose shale rock extending clear across
the base. But with one swift, calculating
glance Alex estimated Lisbeth’s chance to
climb, and gave her about one in three.
One thing he did know was that if they could
make it no horse could follow. ' If they
failed, well, the chase might as well end
here as elsewhere.

  He rode Lisbeth to the very foot of it and
dismounted. Then, giving her plenty of
rope, he began the ascent, carefully picking
a way where it was possible for her to fol-
low. Up and up they clambered until from
a great distance they must have resembled
two flies clinging to the sides of a wall.
There were places where Alex seized jutting
edges of rock to help himself along, and
once he saved Lisbeth from disaster only by

a quick turn of the rope around a projecting
rock which held her until she recovered her
balance.

  The outlaws reached the foot of the
precipice just before Alex and his mule
reached the top. Before they could use
their rifles Alex struggled to the top and,
bracing his feet, surged back against the
lead rope and helped Lisbeth over the last
obstruction.

  Alex was in no hurry to leave. He led
Lisbeth out of sight and returned to where
he could watch the two men below. One of
them tried vainly to spur his horse up the
incline, but was quickly compelled to give it
up. The outlaws held a consultation, and
then one of them began to climb the preci-
pice. Alex had gathered a dozen rocks the
size of apples and he waited grimly for the
fellow to come within reach. A rock at that
range was as good as a bullet. When the
fellow came within range he hurled a missile
that struck his man squarely in the chest.
It broke his hold, and the fellow rolled and
bounded to the bottom.

  Satisfied now that there would be no
further pursuit, Alex mounted his mule and
began a tortuous ascent of the canon, wind-
ing in and out among the trees and dodging
unlooked for ledges of rock. At dark he
stopped. He had no fear of pursuit. The
outlaws, knowing well his predicament,
would probably wait at the foot of the
canon for him to return. Well, let them,
he thought grimly. There was no more to
be lost by going ahead than there was by
going back. He unsaddled Lisbeth and
turned her loose on a wind-swept ridge
where the grass stuck above the snow. She,
at least, need not go hungry yet, though he
well knew there was little strength in the
frozen grass.

  He gathered dead limbs from fallen trees
and built a fire. The warmth made him
forget his hunger and presently he fell
asleep. From time to time he roused to
heap more wood on the fire, but along
toward morning it began to snow and when
he finally awoke the fire was out and the
saddle blanket which covered him was
weighted down with three inches of snow.

  He did not trouble to rebuild his fire but
caught Lisbeth at once. He threw the sad-
dle on her and mounted. At noon they
reached the top of the divide. It was still
snowing, thus obscuring the view that lay
before him, but Alex knew that it was wild
Lisbeth

89

and bad enough. Yet somewhere on the
other side of those mountains lay the desert.
He dismounted to allow Lisbeth to rest and
discovered that his fast had made him weak.
For a moment he was the victim of despair.
There was not one chance in a thousand that
they could ever get through. Why waste
themselves going on? And then he realized
that to stop would only be to prolong the
inevitable end.

  His eyes chanced to fall upon the bulging
saddle bags. He laughed hollowly. Here
was poor old Lisbeth being weighted down
by thirty odd pounds of useless gold dust.
The best he could do was to relieve her of
that. He wondered why he had not thought
to throw those sacks in the trail while the
outlaws were pursuing him. It might have
raused them to be satisfied. And then his
resentment against them flared up and he
was glad that he had not.

  He took out one sack of the dust and laid
it on the snow. Almost absent-mindedly he
felt in the bottom of the saddle bag, but he
suddenly jumped as though he had ex-
perienced an electric shock. His fingers
had touched something round, smooth, and
hard. His fingers trembled and shook as he
brought the cartridge into view. He re-
membered then of having carelessly dropped
several of them into that saddle bag weeks
before when he had not cared to be burdened
with them in his pocket. He reached in
again and brought forth three more shining
cylinders. There was not the faintest sign
that they had been tampered with, and he
was sure that they were good.

  “Lisbeth, ole girl, we got a fightin’ chance
yet,” he told the old white mule.

  He put the sack of dust back into the
saddle bag and again rode on. But now he
carried his rifle across the saddle in front of
him, and his eyes were alert for signs of
game. It was snowing steadily, the wind
was rising, and he was forever being com-
pelled to wipe the snow out of his eyes that
he might see.

  Suddenly he sighted a pine hen on a low
branch of a tree. He knew he could shoot
it, but it would scarcely make a meal. After
a desperate mental struggle he rode on with
his hunger increased tenfold, but he knew
that he must have bigger game.

  Just before dark they reached the bottom
of a deep canon with a blizzard now sweep-
ing overhead. There was shelter here in the
thick timber, wood and water in abundance

  and, what was of more account, numerous
bushes with twigs so tender that Lisbeth
could chew them.

ALEX slipped the saddle off and
at once moved off up the canon
with his rifle. If there was game
close he knew the storm would
bring it to the bottom of the canon for pro-
tection. He was working his way against
the wind and it bothered him to see, but
he dared not let the game get his scent. In
the gathering twilight he saw a huge por-
cupine clinging to the limb of a pine. He
knew that he must eat soon, and there was
small chance of getting anything else. He
took careful aim and fired. He saw the
porcupine drop like a rock, but the same
moment he was startled by a band of eight
deer that suddenly leaped from the brush
a short distance ahead of him and bounded
away through the snow.

  He jerked in another cartridge and fired
at a fat doe. But his haste, and the snow
which half blinded him spoiled his aim. He
saw her stumble, but the next moment she
was up and plunging after the others.
Though he knew she was rather badly
wounded he knew how hopeless it would be
to try to follow her in the dark and the snow
would soon annihilate all tracks. He had
to get her now or not at all. Once more he
aimed and fired. It was a longer mark, but
a better one. This time the doe was dead.

  He carried the doe back to where he had
left Lisbeth and then returned for the por-
cupine. He built a fire and dressed his kill,
and then he dined sumptuously on porcu-
pine. He had but one cartridge left, but he
had a supply of meat that would last him
for days.

  It was three days before they could leave
that camp. With each hour the storm in-
creased in fury and Alex, skilled mountain-
eer that he was, knew how futile it would be
to try to buck it. He employed his time
making himself a pair of snowshoes out of
woven willows, but his heart was heavy
when he thought of Lisbeth. How was she
to get out? He almost expected to see re-
sentment or reproach in her soft, brown
eyes, but the aged veteran browsed placidly
as if without a care in the world. But she
was no longer fat and sleek.

  He felt that the most merciful thing he
could do would be to put an end to her
suffering with his last bullet, but he knew
90

Adventure

 that this would not do yet. She would be
 able to flounder through the snow for a
 while and he needed her. She could carry
 his remaining supply of meat for a while, to
 say nothing of the gold dust, and that one
 bullet might yet mean life or death to him.

   Then, for three days more Alex tramped
 his way through the snow, and marveled that
 the intrepid old mule was able to follow him.
 At times the going was comparatively easy
 for him where the crust was strong enough
 to hold him up, but it would never bear
 Lisbeth’s weight; indeed, it hampered her at
 every step.

   They encountered drifts which it was im-
 possible for her to fight her way through.
 When she had plunged until she could go no
 longer she would lay on her side and look at
 Alex with a gaze of calm confidence. And
 with an oath, and sometimes with tears of
 desperation in his eyes he would set to work
 tramping down the drift until finally there
 would be a trail upon which she could wal-
 low through.

   Alex was eating discreetly and retaining
 his strength, but they seldom encountered
 anything that Lisbeth could feed on. Daily
 her master could see her growing weaker,
 but there seerded no end to her stamina,
 x Long before this a younger animal would
 have quit, he knew, just as, perhaps, would
 a younger man in his shoes. It was the pa-
 tience and experience of age that was carry-
 ing them both through. Once he tested her
 with a piece of roasted venison, but she
 seemed to have forgotten the knack of eating
 meat which she had acquired so long ago.
 Knowing how very much he needed it him-
 self he did not insist.

   They suddenly broke out of the moun-
 tains on to the floor of the desert, but Alex
 was doomed to disappointment. Where he
 had expected to find but little snow there
 was two feet on the level and crusted hard.
 Yet it was not quite strong enough to bear
 Lisbeth’s weight. Now it seemed was the
 time to kill her, but still he could not bring
 himself to do it. He still had food, and as
 long as. she was able to travel at all he meant
 to stay with her.

   They were three days reaching Snake
 River. Lisbeth had somehow managed to
 keep herself alive by eating the tops of the
 sage, and at night by pawing through the
 snow occasionally foraged a few mouthfuls
 of bunch grass. Alex’s food supply was
 again exhausted.

 They had reached the main Montana
freight road, but Cheney knew only too well
that the freighters were not accustomed to
traversing its pitiless length in the winter
time. His best bet was that he might en-
counter some belated traveler like himself.
But he saw at once that there had been no
one over the road since the storm. There
was one chance in a hundred that some one
might overtake him, but the men most
likely to do that were the very outlaws he
had recently escaped from.

  He was reasonably sure that the bandits
would not dare to return to Timber City.
Neither was it likely that they would turn
north and try to buck the deep snows over
the Continental Divide. This left them one
of two resources. They must either turn
south on the road he was on, or else make
for some secret outlaw hang-out in the
vicinity. If they did turn south he knew
that, excepting for some unusual adversity,
they would soon be along, for though their
route would be much longer than the one he
had taken they would make much better
time. Their horses would be fresher and
stronger, and trail breaking would not be
so difficult for them since they could take
turns in the lead.

  Alex was brought face to face with the
stern necessity of making better time. If
the outlaws were on his trail Lisbeth’s trail
through the broken crust would lay an easy
course for them to follow, and he could no
longer hope for the old white mule to keep
ahead of such overwhelming odds. Even if
not pursued by the outlaws he knew that he
could no longer afford to be held back by
Lisbeth for whom the going became worse
with each successive mile.

  The stern line of necessity to which he
knew he should closely hew was plainly
marked. He was out of provisions. He
had but one bullet left, and a sharp knife.
He ought to slit Lisbeth’s old white throat,
cook and eat part of her carcass, and carry
with him as much as he could manage on his
improvised snowshoes. If the crust held
he could thus, without doubt, make it
through to Fort Hall at any rate. Other-
wise he faced a fair assurance of starvation,
for though he had one bullet left he had not
sighted game of any description since he
had struck the desert.

  “Well,” he grumbled into his beard, “if
it has t’ be it has t’ be, but I can’t do it to-
night. I’ll wait till mornin’.”
Lisbeth

9i

  And he pressed on with Lisbeth wearily
breaking through the crust behind him for
another two hours.

THAT night he ate the last few
scraps of his venison, and boiled
his saddle strings to eke out the
meal. For the first time in their
arduous journey Lisbeth made no effort to
obtain food for herself. She tramped out a
place through the crust large enough to lie
down in and dropped on her side. Through
the long, weary hours while he gathered
dead willows to heap upon his fire Alex con-
templated her with remorseful eyes.

  Toward morning he fell into a doze and
when he awoke a red, discouraged looking
sun was sending slanting rays of slight heat
across the unyielding surface of the snow.
Lisbeth had got to her feet and was pawing
about the roots of willow bush from which
she occasionally extracted a mouthful of dry
grass. As he came toward her determinedly
with his keen bladed knife in his hand her
big ears shot forward kindly and she greeted
him with the old familiar bray.

 “--he muttered, “I can’t do it—not

with a knife anyway.”

  He knelt down on the fire-dried ground
and considered. He had one bullet, and it
was sufficient to do the business. After all
he could carry mule meat enough to last him
to Fort Hall, and if he did not find any one
there to give him aid his case was hopeless
anyway. He might just as well waste the
bullet here and put Lisbeth forever out of
her misery. He brought his rifle to his
shoulder and squinted along the sights to the
exact center of her forehead. Lisbeth’s ears
came up in mild curiosity. Alex knew that
the old mule knew the death dealing prop-
erties of a gun, and her placid confidence
was entirely too much for him. He dropped
the butt of the rifle into the snow with a
curse.

  “I’d be a-, cowardly murderer now t’

kill ye, ole girl, after all these years we put
in together,” he jerked out.

  He threw his arm around her neck and
rubbed his be-whiskered face along the soft,
white hair on her jaw. A spasm of weak-
ness that, beginning in his troubled mind,
communicated itself to his body caused him
to1 throw all his weight on the old mule’s
neck, and presently he noted that she was
holding him up.

  “Ain’t all in yet, are yuh, Lisbeth?” he

marveled. “Well, I can’t take ye with me
no farthur, an’ I simply ain’t got the heart t’
kill ye. The only thing left is t’ leave ye
behind. There ain’t one chance in seven
million fer ye t’ pull through the winter, but
at least yuh can die a nat’ral death—unless
the wolves git ye—an’ that’s more in the
nature of a mule.”

  A mile away and nearer to the river he
could see what looked to be a swamp, and
swamps frequently had grass.

  “Come on,” he said almost gruffly, “that
may be a better place t’ leave yuh than
this is.”

  As he approached the swamp he saw that
it was really an island in the river. It was
covered over with willow clumps, now bent
over and loaded down with snow till they
resembled innumerable little snow mounds
or igloos, with here and there tall alders pro-
jecting nakedly in the air.

  The river was frozen over and they had
no difficulty reaching the island. Alex was
disappointed, for there was not a blade of
grass in sight, and the snow seemed deeper
and crusted harder than in any place he had
yet encountered. But they had been an
hour and a half coming that mile and he
could not delay longer.

  He had tried to bring himself to kill the
old white mule and failed. He was not the
man to waste time fighting the battle over
again. He stripped saddle and hackamore
from Lisbeth and left her free. For a mo-
ment he stood over the saddle bags, ponder-
ing. It seemed the part of reason to conceal
the two bags of gold dust there on the island
and go on as lightly loaded as possible, but
he was a man of dogged persistence. He had
set out for the sole purpose of saving his
business. What would it profit him if he
did get through and then had to see it go to
smash for lack of this gold? Resolving that
if he got through at all it would not be in
vain he stooped and lifted the sacks of the
saddle bags.

  “If I’d killed ole Lisbeth I’d a loaded my-
self down heavier than this,” he reconciled
himself as he made a pack bag of a single
blanket into which he slung the dust. Then,
with his rifle in his hand, he marched away.

  Since the river was frozen he decided to
follow it. From time to time he meant to
crawl to some elevation and inspect the
road. If any one was coming he would see
them; if the outlaws he could hide; if any one
else he could make his presence known.
92

Adventure

  Only once did he look back. Lisbeth was
still standing where he had left her. Her
long ears were pointed straight ahead, and
he knew that she was trying to figure out the
reason for his desertion. A hot sob came
into his throat. He waved his hand as he
would at a fellow traveler, and rounding a
bend in the river disappeared from sight.

 For two hours Lisbeth stood where
Cheney had left her, looking toward the
place where her master had disappeared.
Then, at last, she turned her head and gazed
at the saddle which she had carried for so
many hundred miles. She heaved a deep
breath, that was almost a sigh, and began to
move.

  She had no intention of following Alex,
for the saddle represented camp, and she had
learned long ago not to stray far from it.
Neither did she doubt that Alex would re-
turn. She began to paw in the little circle
of tramped down snow. Her little feet,
with the thin, wafer-like iron shoes, sent
snow flying in all directions, but they un-
covered no grass. What they did encounter
was an uneven surface of ice. Late in the
fall the island, which was really a swamp,
had in most places been under water. It
had frozen hard, then snowed, thawed, and
frozen again. Such grass as there was was
protected by an armor of ice.

  Hour after hour Lisbeth pawed patiently
at the ice. Occasionally she obtained a few
spears of rank grass as a reward for her
efforts, but not nearly enough to compen-
sate for the energy required to get them.
Gradually she widened the circle around
her, but that was hard work.

  Along toward night she determined to try
a large willow bush that she could see fifty
feet away. The edge of the crust was
breast high. Bands of horses have been
known to starve rather than attempt to
conquer such an obstruction. But not
Lisbeth. She reared up until her front feet
were above the edge and lunged forward
with all her strength. The crust collapsed
under her weight and she came down on her
side. But in a moment she was up repeat-
ing the maneuver, and with each lunge she
gained a few feet.

  But unfortunately for the poor old mule
the willow bush was hardly worth the effort.
It was water-killed, and its branches were
bare and destitute of bark. In dry sticks
there was no nourishment—even for mules.

  The cold that night was intense. A hard

wind sprang up from the northwest, and
despite the hard, scintillating surface of the
crust a fine, powdery snow was picked up
somewhere by the wind and driven along
with such force that the tiny particles
struck the old mule’s hide and stung like
innumerable pin pricks.

  Lisbeth got behind the willow bush as
best she could and humped her back to the
storm. Morning found her cold, weak, and
miserable. Death was preferable to fur-
ther exertion. But in Lisbeth’s mulish
make-up was an indomitable courage that
could not accept defeat so long as there was
the possibility of victory. At first, when
she began to move, her legs were stiff and
unwieldy as stilts, but after several fruitless
attempts to break trail they became more
pliable and she was again able to go for-
ward.

  Night found her nearly half a mile from
where Alex had left her, and she had lo-
cated a patch of young, second growth wil-
lows from whose bark she was able to obtain
some slight nourishment despite the fact
that her teeth had been worn short and
smooth by the years.

        THEN, suddenly, her big ears
shot forward eagerly. She had
hear(l the sound of men’s voices.
But it was not Alex’s voice that
she heard, and so she waited where she was.
Soon two men came forward on foot. She
could see another man farther back with
some horses.

  “There’s his mule,” one of the men ex-
claimed. “Now what d’ye make of it?”

  “What gits me,” said the other man, “is
how he was able t’ git this fur without grub
an’ without bullets, an’ on that miserable
ole white mule besides. Reckon though
hunger’s got him an’ he’s gone loco an’
wandered off.”

  “Loco?” sneered the first speaker. “Not

so--loco that he didn’t know enough

t’ take them sacks o’ gold dust with
him.”

  “Mebbe he thro wed them away long ago
t’ lighten pack,” suggested the other.

  “Lighten nothin’. I know Cheney.
Whatever he undertakes he’ll stick to it to
the end. The truth is the old mule give out
an’ he took the dust an’ went on in a desper-
ate chance to reach Fort Hall. He can’t a
been gone long, an’ as we know the fix he
was in he must be awful weak. The
Lisbeth

93

question is do we foller him toward Fort Hall
or head direct for Dutchy’s hang-out?”

  “Foot or hoss-back—if we try to foller
’em?”

  “Horses. Eight horses an’ three men
ought to make better time than one man
afoot,” replied the dominant man in the
party. “Lucky for us we still got them two
extra sacks of oats that rolled off that ledge
with Cheney’s black mule. They’ll keep
our horses alive till we reach Dutchy’s—it
can’t be more than twenty-five miles from
here—an’ after that we don’t care what be-
comes of ’em.”

  Neither of the outlaws noticed Lisbeth’s
long ears shoot forward at the mention of
oats, but the word carried a distinct mean-
ing to the old white mule. “Come git yer
oats,” was a phrase of Alex’s which she had
long understood perfectly.

  The men turned back on the trail which
she had wallowed down as if not deigning
her worthy of further notice. Presently
the cheerful smell of smoke assailed her
nostrils. She knew the men were making
camp where she had been unsaddled, and
something was urging her strongly to follow
them back. And yet, when she drew close
she sensed something alien. Or perhaps
various experiences of hers around camps
where Alex was not present to protect her
came to her remembrance. For Lisbeth,
for all her good qualities, had been so petted
and pampered by her master that she had
become a veritable camp nuisance. At any
rate she hung back in the darkness until the
three men around the camp fire had spread
out their blankets and rolled in.

  Some fifty feet back of the camp she could
see the huddled horses of the outlaws.
They had been given a small feed of oats
each, enough to keep them alive, and left
tied up because there seemed nothing else
for them to eat. Still, she waited until
only a few smoldering embers of the fire
remained before she actually invaded the
camp ground of the outlaws, and then as
she glided noiselessly forward her white
form against the background of snow was
as invisible as a ghost to the casual eye.

  Two objects lying close to the pack
saddles, and at the very foot of the bed
where the three outlaws were sleeping to-
gether held most, but not quite all of her
attention. As she moved forward the ear
next to the sleeping men was cast warily
backward, and her right eye, that next to

the men, seldom strayed far from the bed.
A long upper lip nuzzled tentatively at one
of the sacks of oats, but the mouth of it was
tied hard and fast. Then her mouth was
pressed hard against the burlap until a fold
of it was between her teeth. Slowly the
sack was swung aloft.

  Lisbeth turned softly and carried the oat
sack some twenty feet away where she de-
posited it lightly upon the snow. Placing
one small front foot on it firmly she surged
back with her teeth. There was a rending,
ripping sound and the oat sack gaped open
with an eighteen-inch slit in the middle.
Lisbeth’s jaws were rammed straight into
the sack as far as she could possibly crowd
them. When she lifted her head her mouth
was so full of oats that it could not possibly
contain them and as she swung her head
around to regard the bed she sowed oats in a
thick half circle.

  She stopped crunching abruptly. One of
the men in bed had suddenly rolled over and
lifted his head. Had the fellow sighted her
Lisbeth would have been shot without
further ceremony, but it was the horses who,
perhaps, saved her. With better eye-sight
than the man they had seen what was going
on and the tearing of the sack carried full
knowledge to them. Hungry as they were
they began to move and stamp impatiently.
Apparently satisfied that it was only the
uneasiness of the horses that had disturbed
him the man resumed his rest.

  Then, in utter silence save for the steady
crunching of her strong but aged jaws, Lis-
beth ate as she had not eaten for many
days. Strength came back to her with
amazing rapidity. Occasionally the folds
of the depleted sack got in her way and she
worried it this way and that until she could
get at the oats. No thought of the morrow
troubled her, for after all Lisbeth was a mule
and economic foresight is not a mulish gift.
No more did her conscience prick her for
robbing the all-but-starving horses.

  Presently that sack of oats was empty.
Most of its contents had been scattered and
trampled deep into the snow, and Lisbeth
was still unsatisfied. More boldly now than
she had approached before, she made her
way to the pack saddles, lifted and de-
spoiled the remaining sack as she had done
the first. But when it was finally empty
Lisbeth had eaten all that she cared to.
She wondered furtively whether she should
not investigate the men’s grub supply where
94

Adventure

it reposed by the dead ashes of their camp
fire.

  Had she been the least bit hungry at the
time she would have made her exploration
thorough, but as it was she was content to
tumble things about in the snow promis-
cuously. Then her innate caution was
awakened and she withdrew some distance
back the way she had come.

  With renewed life and vigor she deviated
somewhat from the trail and forced her way
resolutely under one of the great, bent over
willow bushes. At last she had found a dry
place and one that was sheltered from the
wind. With a sigh of content she lay down.

  She was awakened presently by the blood-
chilling, melancholy howling of a wolf pack,
one that undoubtedly had followed the trail
of the outlaws out of the mountains. It
was close at hand, and there was such a
ferocious note of baffled rage in their cry
that Lisbeth leaped to her feet and stood
shivering. But she did not leave her
shelter, and presently when the clamor sub-
sided she lay down again.

  Daybreak found three furious outlaws
rendering the air with profanity while they
contemplated the torn, empty oat sacks and
their own scattered, soaked grub. They
could gather up their grub, and they did;
finding it wet but still eatable. But it was
hopeless to think of gathering up the oats
that Lisbeth had wasted, and oats were
more important to them than their own
food. Their horses were in a half starving
condition already, and now they had noth-
ing whatever to feed them.

  “It was that ——, miserable, camp-rob-
bin’ ole skate of a white mule that done
this. Look at them tracks,” raged one of
the outlaws.

  It was true that the evidence admitted of
no doubt as to who the guilty party had
been.

  “-if I don’t shoot her right now,” the

same outlaw swore, but the man who led
the party intervened.

  “Don’t fly off the han’le,” that man ad-
monished. “This here is serious; we got to
decide what to do.”

  “Well, I was goin’ t’ do somethin’,” the
other retorted angrily.

  “It leaves us in one - of a predica-
ment,” the leader went on, unheeding the
other’s burst of temper. “If we go on
after Cheney, an’ he’s got any lead at all
on us these scads’ll give out on us. They’ll

never be able t’ reach Fort Hall even if you
cared to go there, an’ every mile we go after
Cheney takes us that much farther from
Dutchy’s.”

  He looked at his two partners, now sud-
denly sobered by his blunt statement of the
case, and as they offered no suggestions he
continued:

  “Far as I’m concerned I’d like the fun of
knockin’ Cheney on the head an’ appro-
priatin’ that dust, but I ain’t cravin’ to die
of starvation, or freezin’ to death. The
best thing we can do is line out for Dutchy’s.
We’ll make these horses take us as far as
they can an’ then we’ll have to go the rest
of the way on foot.”

  The other outlaws saw the futility of
arguing the point. They agreed readily
enough with the leader, but the one who
had made threats against Lisbeth started
down the trail after her. At the place where
she had left it he stopped and scanned the
snow for sight of her and overlooked her
hiding place.

  “——,” he said, “I just as well let her
starve t’ death or let the wolves take her
as t’ wade through that snow.”

  A half hour later the outlaws went on
across the island and turned north toward
the hang-out of their friend Dutchy. And
Alex Cheney, struggling along to the south,
never knew that he was spared being,over-
taken by his enemies only by the despoiling
of two sacks of oats by Lisbeth.

AS FOR Lisbeth herself she
watched the men out of sight and
then she returned to their camp.
She was more thirsty than she
was hungry and she began to wolf down
great mouthfuls of snow where the oats had
been spilled. With each mouthful she ob-
tained a few oats, and by the time her thirst
was slaked she was not particularly hungry.

  She pawed and nosed about the camp-
ground for fifteen or twenty minutes, then
suddenly her head went up and her skin
began to grow cold. A quarter of a mile
back the baffled wolf pack had sighted her
and sounded the hunting cry. The pack
was hungry, for the unprecedented hard
winter had spoiled their hunting. There
was fury and determination in their deep
baying, and written plain in their little,
fierce, blood-shot eyes.

  In sudden dread Lisbeth realized her
aloneness and turned and fled. The leader
Lisbeth

95

  The pack was scarcely two hundred yards
behind, and his followers, seven in number,
more strung along behind. Her flight
brought a louder, more exultant note into
the pack cry. She fairly dived under the
bent-over willow that had sheltered her be-
fore. Instantly she spun around and faced
her enemies.

  She had short time to wait. The leader
of the pack was wisely skirting the trail she
had made and staying on the crust. With-
out hesitation he threw himself into the trail
and dashed head-long under the willow bush
after his victim. Lisbeth squealed in ter-
ror, and then her right front foot shot up in
the air. The smoothly worn iron shoe
glinted in the air like silver and then it came
down squarely on top of the wolf’s head,
smashing his skull like an egg-shell.

  The leader lay flattened and harmless
before the next wolf arrived and, seeing him
thus, confidence came back to the old white
mule in a rush. She was better prepared
for the next one when he bolted in, but her
last blow was only a glancing one. The
wolf whined with pain and sprang for her
throat. She reared until her ears struck
the roof of her willow shed, and both feet
drove downward upon the wolf’s back, He
went down, crippled and helpless. Again
and again she struck, and the other wolves,
now aware that they had a battle on their
hands, slid to a stop, snarling and snapping,
the foam driveling from their slavering jaws.

  They encircled her and a wolf launched
an attack from the rear to ham-string her.
Lisbeth doubled herself into a knot and
lashed out with both hind feet. The wolf
was kicked twenty feet, as dead as the two
leaders of the pack. Some of them climbed
to the top of the willow shed in an attempt
to reach her back. At first the thick crust
of the snow resisted them, but they began
to gnaw through it. Then, suddenly, it
gave way and a heavy wolf dropped through
the snow onto the sprangled willows, which
gave him no footing, nor yet parted enough
to let him through. He gave a startled yelp
of fear and fought and clambered until he
had got back to safety. His struggles had
caused the others to withdraw, and with a
sudden rush they all attacked the body of
the wolf Lisbeth had kicked out on the
snow.

  It was nearly dark when they returned to
the siege of Lisbeth. But their stomachs
were full and none of them had the hardi-

hood to brave those death-dealing feet.
Lisbeth moved constantly so that she could
watch both openings. She could hear them
for a while snarling and snapping over the
remnants of the carcass of the dead wolf on
the outside and then the sounds grew more
remote. But not once during the long
night did her vigilance relax.

  Morning came and there was no sign of
the wolf pack. With the keen edge of their
hunger taken off they had withdrawn to-
ward the mountains from which they had
been lured by the outlaws. With a disdain-
ful sniff at the bodies of the two dead
wolves which had been with her all night
she stepped from her shelter and gazed
around. She sensed at once a change in the
weather. It had turned warmer, and soft,
fleecy clouds were floating lightly through a
sky that was no longer hard as brass.

  She was thirsty and she went back to the
camp-ground and again absorbed snow and
scattered grains of oats. At last, feeling
well satisfied, she headed her aged body
down the trail toward the second-growth
willows. The farther toward the lower end
of the island she got the more tender were
the willow shoots. Finally she found a
frozen-over swamp where the bulrushes were
so tall that they stood two feet above the
ice. By breaking the crust with her feet
and pawing a little she was able to reach the
frozen rushes.

EARLY in the spring Alex Che-
ney came north with a newwagon-
train loaded with freight for Tim-
ber City. He had used his last
cartridge to shoot a huge snow-shoe rabbit
that had lasted him until he struck an In-
dian village on the banks of the Snake.
Here he had obtained food enough to get
him to Fort Hall. There the soldiers had
grub-staked him and he reached Salt Lake
the thirtieth day of December—in time to
save his business.

  “I left ole Lisbeth on an island some-
where off here to the right,” he told his
wagon boss as they came back. “I’ve a
notion to go over an’ see where she died.
If the wolves ain’t eat her I’ll bury her. If
ever a mule deserved a decent burial Lis-
beth does.”

  The wagon boss laughed, but Alex was
determined, and while the train stopped for
dinner the two of them rode over to the
island. They found it no hard matter to
96

Adventure

cross to the island and after a little difficulty
Alex discovered his saddle.

  “Look here!” he ejaculated suddenly,
“somebody’s had a fire right here, an’
there’s oats scattered around. I never

built a fire, an’ I know-well, I never

had no oats.”

  More than ever interested the men began
to look around. Cheney rightfully guessed
that it was the outlaws who had camped
there, and he wondered what they had done
to Lisbeth—if anything. Presently the
wagon boss let out a yell and hurrying over
Alex found him contemplating the skele-
tons of three dead wolves. There were
other signs there yet that could not be mis-
taken.

  “By-, if ole Lisbeth didn’t kill them

wolves I’m a liar,” Alex marveled.

  And presently a new thought began to
occupy his mind. It was unreasonable in
the extreme to think that the old mule
had survived. Even a strong young mule
would have perished early in the winter, but

Lisbeth—was Lisbeth.

  “- me if I don’t take time to look

around till I find out what’s become
her,” he asserted firmly.

  “Hey! Look!” exclaimed the wagon boss.
“What’s that cornin’?”

  It was Lisbeth, her curiosity aroused by
the sound of voices. She was gaunt and
scrawny. Her hip bones projected dis-
mally. But on she stepped forward briskly
as she recognized Alex. There were tears
in Cheney’s eyes as he threw his arms about
the old mule’s neck.

  “I wouldn’t ’a’ thought she could ’a’ made
it—at her age,” gaped the wagon boss.

  “Look there,” said Cheney sternly, but
with a kindly, tear-dimmed twinkle in his
eye. He turned Lisbeth so that her righl
side was toward them. On its white side
face, dim but still readable, was this legend
in black tar:

I’M OLD BUT I'M AWFULL
TOUGH

191

OR the love of Pete don’t say
“Bill Adams says” unless you
prefix it with “That ■—— fool
Bill Adams says,” or words to
that effect. What I mean to express is the
fact that what I may happen to say is not
of any consequence. I loathe people who
have that infernal habit of laying down the
law. I detest the self-sufficient folk who
are so eternally cock-sure of themselves, and
so keen and ready to tell the rest of us just
how to live, to think, and in general how to
conduct ourselves to make the old world
better.

  I think it is a pretty good old world for
all of its sin and sorrow; and it is my own
belief that, if there be above us all a Father,
He is a quiet minded Overseer who has
less patience with the serene and self-satis-
fied than with those of his children who are
forever falling and yet still in their-.hearts
willing to climb to the difficult heights.

  I	ought not to say “I hate—” yet, I am
inclined to hate all preaching and all
preachers.

BITTERSWEET

 jar JMll AdsxtbS

II

THINK that there are men who
are dead to beauty, for a time. I
have been there myself. I’ve
staggered home at midnight and
before dawn, from the orchards, sick from
hydro-cyanic-acid gas, night after night with
nothing to look forward to but the same
thing tomorrow night, after a day of tossing
on a sweat-wet bed in July heat. I’ve worked
till I was far too tired to care whether the
sun set in gold or behind a blackness. One
can get so weary that one shuts one’s whole
soul up and is merely an animal. All one
longs for is sleep and rest—one gets to think
of food, of sleep, of a day off, and beyond
that of nothing.

  I don’t think that evil, or vice of any sort
ever quite kill the love of lovely things in the
mind of man. Men will always exclaim at a
great beauty, no matter how low they have
sunken.

  The thing that kills the knowledge of
beauty in our souls is not the world’s com-
mon evil; but the inhumanity of man to
his brother man.
PAROS

-4FtvePart Story

 , Pnrtui &

   btf

1i11'J i

Author of “The Bush Lopers,” “The Homesteaders, etc.

The first part of the story briefly retold in story form

PRANK ELLIS woke up one bright morning in
California Gulch to find himself a total failure.
Through the winter of 1862 he had trailed from one
holding to another until the gold mining season was
at a close. He was penniless, and he had a sister
back east who believed him a great success. There
was nothing left for him to do but take a job over
the lunch counter of the Great Western Hotel,
under the hand of George Skillings, boss.

  As he was serving his first meal to a group of
miners, traders and mine employees, he uncon-
sciously burst into a plaintive song.

  “Stop that-racket,” the boss roared.

   From that time on he was the “Singing Pilgrim.”

  The Pilgrim became a drawing card. Nate Goss,
the gambler; “Rabbit,” the Indian, doomed to death
by his tribe on a charge of killing a brother tribes-
man; “Ancient Days,” an old-time placer miner;
“Bones,” a man with a delusion of great prehistoric
beasts in the gulches—all fell into the lure of the
Pilgrim’s voice.

   “Whip King,” reputed to be the best wagon train
boss between the River and the coast, arrived in the
gulch with a startling crack of his monstrous whip.
He had no special destination, no special enemies,
and he cared little for firearms. But he proved to
be the friend of many restless men who fought
constantly. Many was the time that his long lash
sent men, armed with six-shooters, cowering in the
corner.

  With the season almost ended and too many men
finding almost no gold, things in California Gulch
. became a bit thick. Goss had a fight with Charlie
Dodge, the monte gambler, as a result of unfair
play, and finally the Pilgrim fought with his boss.
The fight itself was inconsequential, but a threat
loomed in the background when the Pilgrim swore
vengeance.

  That night Skillings, the boss, was found with a
knife in his heart, and the Singing Pilgrim was
missing from California Gulch.

EXAMINATION of Skillings’ effects brought to
light counterfeit money amounting to twenty
thousand dollars. The mob, almost in a frenzy,

shouted—

  “Hang the Pilgrim! Hang the Singing Pilgrim!”

  And added to this they accused Goss of being
implicated in the counterfeiting gang, giving him a
chance of leaving town immediately or risking the
circumstances if he stayed. He left.

  With the aid of Rabbit, the Pilgrim stole away
in the night, an innocent outcast. For many days
they wandered, until the Pilgrim lost the Rabbit
when pursued by the Utes, the tribe of Indians to
which the Rabbit belonged. Certain death threat-
ened the Pilgrim. He was saved miraculously by
the reappearance of Rabbit, whom the tribe wor-
shipped as a god, calling him, the “Walking Dead
Man.”

  An outcast by the name of Lomsom who had
affiliated himself with the tribe also came into the
camp. Trouble began anew. By mistake the Pil-
grim and Lomsom went into the sacred medicine
tent to smoke a pipe of tobacco out of the rain.
The Indians found them there, and in his excitement,
the Pilgrim put a small idol in his pocket'which he
had in his hand at the time of the Indians’ en-
trance.

  The discovery of the loss of the idol put the camp
in a turmoil, the Pilgrim was again accused and
threatened with death. Court was held, and Rabbit
promised that the idol would be restored with the
release of the Pilgrim. He was unsuccessful, and
only through greath stealth and cunning did the
Pilgrim finally escape from the camp of his enemies.

“Pards,” copyright, 1925. by Hugh Pendexler.

97
98

Adventure

LLIS sat up and stared help-
lessly.

  “My name’s Potts. Did you
steal that hoss?” quietly asked
the fat man.

  Speaking rapidly Ellis explained his cap-
ture by the Utes and how he had ridden the
horse in escaping from the camp. Potts
heard him through, then shook his head and
sighed:

  “Too bad! You was awake and heard
our talk. I knew when you woke up. You
had time to think up a decent lie, and you
had to tell that fool story. Injuns! Bah!
My speaking of Injuns put that notion into
your head.”

  “You can hang me but I can’t change my
story. It’s true.”

  “Hang you? Of course we’ll hang you.
Got to do it after hearing that yarn,” mum-
bled Potts, his hand resting on the butt of
a revolver thrust through the waist-band of
his rough trousers. “No getting around
that. But so long as you’re asleep I’m
going out and take a look at the weather.
The boys will be here soon. But do you
know what I’d do if I was a hossthief and
bound down the valley?

  “I’d take that batch of bread and a
couple blankets and travel afoot about seven
miles below Cache creek and across the log
bridge to the east side and make over the
spur, some eight or twelve hundred feet
high and get down into South Park. The
trail splits about five miles from the Salt
Works. I think I’d go to the salt works,
instead of south to Canon City. Then
twenty miles north to Fair Play, where I’d
be within three days of Denver, where all

-couldn’t locate me. Yes, I think I’d

do that. And I’m sure, if I was as young a
hossthief as you, I’d quit that kind of work
and earn an honest living.”

  With this amazing speech he rose and
waddled from the room, turning sideways to
scrape through the doorway. Ellis recov-
ered his wits and snatched up the saleratus
bread and two blankets and darted from
the hut. Beyond knowing he was traveling
down the valley and that he was fearfully
afraid of meeting some of the boys he never
had any clear recollection of his flight. He
remembered seeing a light which must have
been at Tabor’s old diggings—Granite City
—and that below this point the valley was
suddenly compressed until there was
scarcely room for river and road.

  It was black in the canon and he was
blundering around rocky hills, feeling his
way down, down until he expected to walk
into the river, then again mounting steep
slopes. Finally the wide spread of stars
told him the valley had broadened, and he
began to realize that the round-faced man
who believed him to be a thief, not only had
permitted him to escape but had misled the
posse, for there was no sound of pursuit.
He floundered into an area of fallen pines,
and fearing to wandering farther in the
night he rolled in his blankets and waited
for light.

  He slept poorly, the fear of pursuit arous-
ing him frequently from bad dreams. He
rose before daybreak and discovered his bed
had been at the foot of a high wall of gray
rock. Every muscle ached and he was
sorely tempted to build a fire, but was re-
strained by fear of the fat man’s contempt
were he captured again. Rolling his blankets
he crouched low in the brush and ate some
of his poor bread. The sun was just rising
when he resumed his journey. He had ad-
vanced but a short distance before he came
to a creek, running waist-high. Without
any hesitation he held his blankets on top
of his head and plunged in.

  The valley was open and no longer rough
and broken. He had an excellent view of
the Sawatch Range, one peak of which was
painful to gaze at as its coat of snow re-
flected the early sun. He tried to walk
some warmth into his lower limbs but suc-
ceeded poorly. On beholding a long log
house he turned from the road and, reck-
less of consequences, boldly approached it.
Near the house was a patch of wheat. A
ditch for irrigating had been started from
the river; all this surprised him. A man
came out and greeted him.

  “Bon jour, M'sieu. You come from de
mine. You come on de foot.”

  Ellis replied he was from the diggings at
Frying Pan Gulch at the foot of Mount
Massive, was destitute and compelled to
travel afoot. And could he enter and dry
his clothes?

  “By gar! You wet lak’ de beaver. I
mus’ work. Every t’ing inside. Help
yourself to. You eat de meat in de kettle.

You eat your - head off. Joe White

feed a t’ousand men dis summer, almos’.”

  And with a flourishing bow the lone
rancher hurried away to his wheat field and
left Ellis in possession.
Pards

99

  Not only meat was awaiting him but

  so half a pot of strong coffee. When
Ellis had eaten and drank and dried his
clothes he felt like a new man. But he felt
ashamed when he observed how he had
lowered the kettle and had exhausted the
coffee. He stepped to the door but could
see no signs of his kind host. As a slight
appreciation he left a dollar on the table
before taking to the road.

  Clouds were gathering over the Sawatch
Range. Reinvigorated, Ellis traveled rap-
idly. The valley was nearly leVel, cut only
by shallow gullies. On his left was the
spur that separated the Arkansas from the
heads of the South Platte. This was the
barrier he must cross. It was a low range
and sparsely timbered, and yet repelling be-
cause of the slopes of bare and broken rock.

  Two miles of brisk walking brought him
to a stout bridge of logs. The Arkansas at
this point was the width of a Maine river
near its head. The current however was
swift and foaming, and he rejoiced he was
not compelled to ford it.

  Once on the east side of the river he
sensed an unwarranted security, as if the
bridge were an insurmountable barrier to
all pursuit. The road also was more pleas-
ing, at least for the next two miles; for it
passed through grassy meadows and along
scattered groves. Foliage was painted for
the last mad dance with the fierce winds.

  The clouds over the western range re-
frained from advancing. Somehow Ellis
felt an uplift of spirit, but he glanced around
guiltily on discovering he was humming a
song. Goss had warned at their parting
that if he were ever identified as the man
wanted in California Gulch it would be by
his singing voice and not by name.

  The way left the gracious meadows be-
hind and gradually mounted the slopes.
From bench to bench he plodded along, and
then found the trail abruptly entering what
proved to be a narrow, winding gulch. To
the southeast was the beginning of the
Great Canon of the Arkansas. With the
first turn in the gulch road the valley van-
ished as if some mountain god had drawn a
curtain behind the traveler.

  And as abruptly the scenery changed.
A land of gnomes replaced the pleasing
meadows and groves. On each side were
enormous pyramids. The hills were masses
of dark red boulders. Many of these were
grotesquely arranged as if cyclopean chil-

dren had played at building castles and had
commenced innumerable gigantic struc-
tures, and, tiring of the game, had finished
none. Blocks of red stone, twenty or forty
feet thick, were balanced on fantastic piles
of similar blocks.

  Some of the tremendous architecture
suggested a budding military genius, for
Ellis frequently saw what looked to be
forts with mountains for bastions and ranges
for broken ramparts. Wherever the lonely
traveler directed his gaze there was the
same gigantic, eccentric arrangement of
monstrous ruins.

  Occasional clumps of small pines were all
that varied this chaos until the cactus began
to appear. The whole effect on Ellis was
that of savagery. He began to be afraid
of Nature as he plodded along mile after
mile. He stared furtively behind him and
to each side as if fearing to behold the an-
cient triceratops, the last of the dinosaurs,
stalking him from behind some of the weird
formations.

  After entering the hills he traveled eight
miles without discovering any suggestion of
a dividing range. He no longer feared pur-
suit by mortals. California Gulch and the
menace he had fled from were as remote as
the moon. But he did fear he might die of
exposure and starvation in this desolate,
unreal land. He sank deeper in despair as
he came to yet another ridge, higher than
any he had mounted.

  He plunged through the thin timber at
its base and climbed the slope. He ex-
pected to behold another barrier, once he
gained the naked crest. Nearly exhausted
by his efforts he halted on the bare top and
muttered aloud in relief on seeing that the
road sloped downward as far as the eye
could reach.

  Then he ventured to look back, and for
several minutes was held motionless by the
wonderful panorama stretched below him.
In the immediate foreground were tops of
hills and the innumerable turrets and pyra-
mids he had conquered. Defects in archi-
tecture were erased; the illusion was perfect.
And beyond and below these was the world
of men. All that the first bend in the gulch
had snatched from his view was now re-
stored, softened and beautified. The val-
ley of the Arkansas, several miles in width,
appeared to be as smooth as a floor. There
were no shallow gullies, no raw earth dis-
cords. The stretches of sage plains were a
100

Adventure

silver mist, and appeared to be translucent.
-The course of the river and its tributaries
were cleanly pricked out by the fairy fringe
of timber, and from the divide the timber
was wonderfully sky-blue in color. For the
background there was the Sawatch Range,
hooded with clouds of ebony except where
one snowy peak thrust its head into the
glorious sunlight.

  Stretching down toward South Park was a
long and beautiful valley. He hastened
down to this, believing the worst of his
journey was behind him. On crossing it he
came to a low ridge, which had not shown
from the divide. Once he mounted this he
knew he was at last entering South Park.

  Now he dared to halt and build a fire and
eat the last of his poor bread and slice of
meat he had brought from the Frenchman’s
place. It was late afternoon when he
paused. Before he realized it the sun was
gone and darkness was blurring the road.
He dragged himself to his feet and limped
on. He came to where the road split, one
fork leading to the Salt Works, five miles
away, the other to Canon City. Without
the sun he did not discover the branching
of the road and having lost all sense of direc-
tion he traveled down the right hand path.
The round-faced man had said five miles
of walking would take him to the Salt
Works. He held on for two hours before he
suspected he had lost his way. When he
finally halted it was before the mouth Of a
lonely gulch. Discouraged, and faint from
exhaustion, he set about making a fire of
deadwood, determined to camp on the road
until someone came along to tell him where
he was.

HE SOON had a blaze crackling,
but had barely seated himself on
his blankets than he was alarmed
by a stone rattling down the
wall of the gulch. He jumped to his feet,
fearing a bear was coming to investigate.
A deep voice demanded—

  “Who’s that down there?”

  Much relieved to hear a human voice,
Ellis loudly replied—

  “A miner from up the Arkansas Valley
bound for the Salt WTorks.”

  Discordant laughter greeted this re-
sponse, and the stones rolled and rattled
more rapidly as the unseen descended to the
road.

  “You’re walking right away from the

Salt Works. Must have taken the wrong
turn,” informed the man as he came into
the light of the fire.

  Ellis decided the stranger would be a fit
denizen of the upland country among the
red pyramids and castles. For he stood
more than six feet in height and would
weigh considerably over two hundred. But
it was his countenance rather than his bulk

that suggested wildness and savagery. The
forehead was low and the eyes small and
deep-set. A thick black beard covered
most of the face and reached nearly to the
waist. Ellis felt repelled by the man’s
appearance.

  “Come along to my hut,” invited the
man in a hoarse voice. “Likely to have a
big rain before morning.”

  “But where am I? What’s this spot
called?” asked Ellis.

  “You’re on the road to Canon City, five
miles from where you took the wrong turn.
The little gulch making off the road ain’t
got any regular name. Side I come down
from is called Warder’s Hill. I’m the
warder.”

  And he indulged in more of his uncom-
fortable laughter. Then he continued:

  “I’m Jonathan Leaper. My cabin’s up
the gulch a ways. I’m kept busy rescuing
fool miners who lose themselves. If you
want rest and food come along. Not an-
other cabin in twenty miles except at the
Salt Works, and that’s ten miles from here.”
“I can’t walk another mile,” groaned
Ellis.

  “Don’t have to. Welcome to my cabin.”
“Thanks. I’ll be glad to take shelter
with you. I can pay for my keep,” said
Ellis.

  “You fellers who strike it rich can pay for
anything you hanker for,” boomed the
deep voice.

  “But I haven’t struck it rich,” hastily
Pards

IOI

assured Ellis. “But I’m not flat busted.”

  “Of course not,” rumbled Leaper. “Fol-
low me.”

  As he led the way up the gulch he broke
into wilder laughter several times. For
half a mile they followed the narrow twisting
way. Ellis limped wearily, and more than
once stumbled over the rocks, for the high
walls shut out the starlight. Leaper moved
confidently and showed great familiarity
with the rough way. Occasionally he
would warn, “Boulder here” or, “I’m turn-
ing to the left.” At last a bend in
the path brought them in sight of a
light.

  Leaper came to a halt, and in a deep bass
growled:

  “Some one’s making mighty free with
my place. Stay here till I have a look.”

  Although a very large man, he moved
with the stealth of a cat in gaining the small
window. Ellis sat down and began to feel
drowsy. He would have gone to sleep had
not Leaper returned and aroused him, say-
ing:

  “Get up. I know the feller. For a
mighty good reason you’ll let on you’re a
busted miner and ain’t got two bits to your
name. Rough folks in these parts.”

  As he spoke he slipped a hand under
Ellis’ elbow and helped him along to the low
door and kicked it open.

  Ellis blinked his eyes in the light thrown
.off from the fireplace and became wide
[awake on beholding Bill Waggle standing
in a corner, a six-shooter half raised.
Waggle recognized Leaper at once and put
up his gun, and with a broad grin be-
gan:

  “Knew it must be you, Jonathan, but

wasn’t taking no chances. What the-!

The Singing Pilgrim or I’m a liar!”

  Leaper darted suspicious glances at the
two and commanded:

  “Shut up, Bill. Folks’ll hear you down in
Canon City. Sonny, you lay down in the
corner till I git something to eat. Of course
this man’s a pilgrim, Bill. And he’s un-
fortunate and is traveling alone and
afoot.”

  Waggle laughed without making any
sound and informed:

  “But he’s lucky to be alive. Used to sing
for his victuals in California Gulch. Tried
to rob Skillings and killed him. Joke was
he didn’t find anything to steal but counter-
feit money. They’re looking for this feller.”

  Leaper slowly combed his fingers through
a tangle in his beard and inquired—

  “Any reward?”

Waggle shook his head and reminded:
“Skillings wa’n’t liked well enough for
that. The gulch wants him so’s it can
stretch his neck for passing counterfeit
money.”

  “I didn’t kill Skillings! I know nothing
about any counterfeit money!” hotly cried
Ellis.

  “Of course you didn’t,” rumbled Leaper.
“And you wouldn’t be given up to be
stretched if there was ten thousand dollars
on your head.”

  Waggle laughed noiselessly and in-
quired— “Where’s that skunk of a
Goss?”

  “He isn’t a skunk. He’s my friend,”
defended Ellis in a faint voice as he col-
lapsed on the blankets in the corner.
“Don’t call names to me that you never
would dare speak to him. He ran your
friend Charley Dodge out of the gulch.”
Waggle showed his teeth in a snarl and
warned:

  “Don’t you talk uppity to me, you young
pup. That cold-deck gambler can’t run
me out of a camp. Where is he?”

  “Don’t know. You ran like a deer after
he gave Dodge his needings.”

  “By -! I don’t take that talk from

nobody on earth,” shouted Waggle, reach-
ing for his gun.

  Leaper exploded in one of his terrible
laughing spells and snatched up an ax and
lowered at Waggle. The latter hesitated
for a second, then folded his arms and as-
sured :

  “I ain’t mussing up your cabin, Jonathan.
But this youngster wants to keep a civil
tongue in his teeth.”

  “Don’t talk to him,” roared Leaper.
“You know it’s bad to git me started.”

  And he toyed with the ax suggestively.
Then he told Ellis:

  “You take a nap, Singing Pilgrim, or
whatever your name is. I’ll wake you
when grub’s ready.”

  Believing Leaper had cowed Waggle, and
with sleep resting an iron hand on his head,
Ellis sank back on the blankets and closed
his eyes. Once he roused for a moment, or
long enough to hear Leaper’s rumbling
voice warn:

  “Let be. You can’t play any game here.
And you’d better be going.”
102

Adventure

WHEN next he opened his eyes
it was dark outside and Leaper
was kindling a fire. As the flames
flared Ellis gazed about the low
room and for a moment believed the
meeting with Waggle was a dream. Leaper
heard him move and swiftly turned his
huge head, and informed:

  “Waggle’s gone. Turned him out. He’s
too peppery. I’ll have coffee ready soon
and the beans warmed up. Go back to sleep
if you want to. It’s two hours to sunrise.”
“I feel mighty lame and sore but not
sleepy,” said Ellis, crawling from the
blankets and sitting on a stool. “Wish I
could buy a horse, a cheap one. Got one
you’d sell?”

  The sunken eyes flickered with little
white lights.

  “I haven’t any hoss.”

  Ellis was disappointed.

  “I can foot it, I suppose. No supposing
about it. I must foot it.”

  “I haven’t a hoss,” Leaper repeated,
“but I’ve got a mule. Onery critter, but
so much stock’s being stolen by white
thieves and Injuns I don’t dast keep any-
thing on four legs except the mule.”

  “If he can carry me to Denver by the
way of the Salt Works and Fair Play I’ll
give you fifty for him. That would leave
me something for grub in Denver until I
can get work.”

  Leaper’s wild laughter would have
alarmed Ellis if not for the accompanying
assurance:

  “You’ll need all your money and I’ll need
the mule. But I’ll lend you the mule as far
as the Salt Works. Leave him there for me
to call for. You’ll be rested by that time
and can foot it the rest of the way or catch
a ride down to Denver. Wagons going
down pretty thick. So Waggle thinks you
killed Skillings, eh?”

  “I don’t know what he thinks. He’s a
scoundrel. I never harmed Skillings. I
was asleep in Nate Goss’ cabin when it hap-
pened. An Indian hunter woke me up and
told me I must run for it. He took me
away. I’ve been sorry ever since I went
with him. Goss said it was the worst
thing I could have done.”

  “I ain’t staying awake nights loving Bill
Waggle or his brother,” said Leaper. “As
for Skillings, his cashing in ain’t no loss.
I’d only think better of you if I knew you
did for him.”

  “I had no more to do with his death than
you did,” insisted Ellis.

  “Was you yarning when you said Goss
run Dodge out of camp?” curiously asked
Leaper.

  “If Dodge hadn’t been wearing a stove
cover over his heart he’d died in his tracks.”

  Leaper offered to make no more conversa-
tion. He busied himself with the break-
fast, and by the time the coffee and beans
were ready the rocky gulch outside began to
reveal itself. Ellis talked as they ate but
the warder of Warder’s Hill did not appear
to hear him. When they finished the meal
the tops of the gulch walls were touched
by the first sunlight. Ellis reminded his
silent host that he was anxious to be going.

  Without a word Leaper opened the door
and led the way to a natural corral formed
by a recess in the rocks. In this was the mule
The fallen trunk of a pine blocked the open-
ing. Pulling the tree aside Leaper entered
and from a niche in the rocks pulled out the
wreck of a saddle and fastened it to the
scrawny animal. Then he turned and
motioned for Ellis to join him and mount.

  Ellis entered the enclosure and remarked:

  “You’re too kind, Mr. Leaper. At least
let me pay for the grub and the use of the
mule. And you’ve forgotten the bridle.”

  “This critter’s trained,” hoarsely mut-
tered Leaper. “You’ll drive him without
a bridle.”

  “I don’t understand. How?” exclaimed
Ellis.

  Leaper darted forward a huge hand and
clutched Ellis by the throat and held a re-
volver at his head and roared:

  “You young dog! Pay? You’re mighty
high! You’re not the first fool to pay toll
to the warder of Warder’s Hill. Put your
hands up!”

  Stupefied, Ellis obeyed. Leaper released
his hold on the throat and rapidly searched
him. He found no weapons, but when he
fished out the money he went into an ec-
stasy of savage mirth.

  “-! What a joke on Bill Waggle!” he

yelled.

  He deftly yanked Ellis’ hands behind him
and made them fast. Then he lifted his
victim into the saddle and passed a rope
from ankle to ankle under the mule so he
could not fall, nor roll off.

  “What are you going to do with me?”
whispered Ellis.

  “Nothing!” cried Leaper. “I’m lending
Pards

103

you a mule. You’re leaving your money to
warrantee return of the critter. Ain’t I
ind?”

  He burst into mighty cachinations. Sud-
denly he ceased his ferocious laughing and
tore a limb from the fallen tree and savagely
struck Ellis several times over the head and
shoulders. The mule jumped and kicked.
Driving the animal from the corral Leaper
headed him up the gulch and belabored him
with the bough and sent him galloping
madly among and over the rocks.

CHAPTER VI

DIFFERENT DANGERS

UP THE gulch raced the mule. Ellis
yelled in fear. The first bend took
mount and rider out of sight of Leaper and
the cabin. The mule suddenly forgot the
blows and turned abruptly at right angles
and clambered like a mountain sheep up
the rough slope to a little shelf of grass
and fell to grazing. Only the thong tied to
his ankles kept Ellis from leaving the saddle
when the mule shifted his course. As it
was, he lurched far to one side and felt as if
he was broken in two at the waist. Only
by the greatest effort did he regain an
upright position.

  Absolutely helpless, Ellis surrendered to
fate and dully waited for the mule to cease
grazing and kill him by toppling over some
declivity, or by dragging him to death after
causing the saddle to slip and roll. When
the mule lifted his head and pricked his long
ears and looked at the rocks above the grass-
plot Ellis believed Leaper had followed to
finish him. He beheld a battered hat
slowly rising above a boulder, then a face, a
face wearing a scrubby beard.

  “Thank God!” weakly cried Ellis, scarcely
daring to believe his eyes. “Hi! Come
here and cut me loose.”

  The stranger placed a finger to his lips
and studied the rough course of the gulch
for a few moments. Then he emerged from
behind the boulder and scrambled down to
the shelf. He had a ragged blanket and a
battered coffee-pot strapped on his back;
and his boots were broken, exposing his toes.
He was a thoroughly disreputable appear-
ing man, one of the many derelicts ever
drifting about the camps.

  But he was beautiful to Ellis. The mule,
however, did not fancy the newcomer, or

else feared a return to the rocky corral.
With a flirt of his heels he plunged headlong
down the slope, nearly breaking the rider’s
back. The ragged man followed. The
mule headed up the gulch and slowed to a
walk and jerked his head from side to side
in search for another grazing ground. The
stranger clumped after him, gradually
gaining ground. When almost within
reach, the mule discovered him and was off
at a bouncing gallop.

  The man pulled a revolver from his boot
and, still walking, followed. Satisfied with
his lead the mule walked sedately. Ellis
looked back despairingly, and feared the
stranger would tire of his helpful purpose.
Beholding the revolver Ellis begged—

  “Shoot! I’ll risk anything.”

  The man waved his hand and from under
his ragged coat produced a small coil of rope
and made a noose in one end. Then he
swung off to one side and climbed above the
floor of the gulch and pressed on, sometimes
in sight and often hid by boulders. When
abreast of the mule he disappeared. The
mule continued at a walk for a few rods,
then broke into a trot and headed for a
patch of grass. There was no sign of the
stranger and Ellis decided he had given up
the chase. The mule halted and grazed
greedily.

  A shrill whistle caused Ellis to start ner-
vously and brought the mule’s head up
with a jerk: and from a near-by rock shot the
noosed rope and encircled the brute’s neck.
Madly excited and wildly exultant Ellis
sounded a sharp yell. But the battle was
not won. The mule jumped and backed
violently, crushing Ellis’ legs against boul-
ders and all but killing him before the in-
sistence of the noose won the fight. When
the mule fell to his knees Ellis slumped for-
ward on his neck like a bag of meal; nor
could he straighten up.

  The man closed in by shortening the
rope, and Ellis glimpsed a knife in his left
hand. The mule made a final effort and
went back on his knees.

  “Slide off!” commanded the stranger.
“Your feet are free.”

  Ellis’ feet and legs were numb and he had
not known when the thong was severed.
He threw himself to one side and rolled to
the ground. The man kept the rope taut
and ordered him to get clear of the mad-
dened brute. With no sense of feeling in
his legs and with his hands tied at his back,
104

Adventure

Ellis could only accomplish this maneuver
by rolling.

  The man loosened the noose a bit and
allowed the mule to stagger to his feet.
Near by was a pinon, and the stranger led
the half-choked animal to this and fastened
the rope to a bushy branch. Then he ran
to Ellis and released his hands.

  “You were in a bad fix, pardner,” he
commented.

  “I was in -,” feebly answered Ellis,

sitting up and rubbing his benumbed legs
and ankles. “I was going crazy with the
thought of the death I must die. If you
hadn’t happened along-”

  It was too horrible to finish.

  The man laughed softly and corrected:

  “I didn’t happen. I came on purpose.
You’re the second man Jonathan Leaper
has given a ride within two weeks. It’s his
love of cruelty that will undo him. Usu-
ally a man enters this gulch and is never
seen or heard of again. But I’ve got the
other feller ready to give evidence, and you
make the second witness. Now I’ll put
him where he belongs. What’s your
name?”

  “Frank Ellis. Got lost. Met him on
the Canon City road. Stayed at his cabin
over night. This morning he robbed me of
my money and roped me to that beast.”

  “It couldn’t have happened better. My
name’s Farnham. Live at Buckskin. United
States marshal. Leaper’s been playing his
games for two seasons. He never troubles
any one going up to the mines. Gives them
food and shelter. But he catches them
coming back when they come alone. If it

hadn’t been for his-’s liking to torture

a victim by tieing him to a mule he might
never have been suspected.

  “Few people notice when a man disap-
pears out here. Coming and going all the
time. No house within twenty miles of this
gulch except the one at the Salt Works.
Men are strangers to each other, and no
one’s concerned over what happens to a
stranger.

  “But about two weeks ago Leaper played
the mule trick on a man who had a thousand
in nuggets and was riding a fine mule.
Turned him loose on the mule. It was two
days before the fellow was rescued. Man
chopping wood quite a few miles from here
happened along. And he had to risk killing
the rider by shooting the mule through the
head. Then I got into the game. The

man’s evidence explained several disap-
pearances last season and this.”

  “I’m awfully obliged. What will we do
next?” asked Ellis, his anger flaring up as he
thought of his money.

  “Keep low tiil tonight, then sneak down
to the cabin. If he’s alone I’ll get him.”
“There was a man there part of last
night,” informed Ellis. “Bill Waggle.”
“You know Waggle?” curiously asked
Farnham.

  “Only by sight.”

  “Just where were you hailing from when
you met Leaper?”

  “Frying Pan Gulch,” lied Ellis.

  “Heard about a killing up in California
Gulch, I suppose?”

  “Heard about several. Some one is shoot-
ing or knifing some one else up there right
along, I guess,” replied Ellis.

  He began to feel nervous under the ex-
amination.

  “I referred to a hotel keeper. Man
named Skillings.”

  “I don’t remember that name.”

  “Well, my first job is to nail Leaper and
take him to Denver. We’ll keep the mule
tied up here and wait till dark. And we
must watch to see if Leaper is curious how
your ride came out and wanders up this
way.”

  Ellis felt much relieved to have the ques-
tions cease. He was sorry he had volun-
teered any information about Waggle. He
dreaded the possibility of an interview be-
tween Leaper and the marshal for Waggle
had told the former about Skillings’ death
and the camp’s suspicion as to the slayer.
He began to believe he had escaped imme-
diate death only to be faced by a murder
charge in a Denver court.

  Farnham shifted the position of the mule
so he could graze in a patch of thin grass,
and led the way up among the rocks, where
they could discover Leaper, should he ven-
ture up the gulch.

  Time passed slowly. Ellis reclined on his
back and watched the blue sky and specu-
lated on his fate. He heartily wished he
had risked remaining at Twin Lakes until
Goss was able to travel.

  Farnham was intent on studying the
guich floor and the sloping walls. Finally
he began to talk, and he told Ellis some-
thing of the criminal trail that extended
from New Mexico to Denver and the moun-
tain camps. He declared his belief that
Pards

105

Leaper’s cabin was one of the wayside sta-
tions for horsethieves, stage robbers, coun-
terfeiters and other lawless men.

  He also was convinced that Leaper was
half mad and worked entirely alone in rob-
bing wayfarers. Afraid that this recital
would terminate in more questions, such as
how he came to know Waggle and the like,
Ellis pretended to be sleepy, and from pre-
tending soon fell asleep in earnest.

IT WAS dusk when Farnham
aroused him and said:

“I’ve eaten. Here’s bread and
meat I fetched along with me.
Get at it and we’ll be going. Time to make
our call.”

  Ellis made short work of the food and
limped painfully after his rescuer down the
slope. They left the mule, so as not to
arouse Leaper’s attention or excite his sus-
picions. Ellis was surprised to find how
short a distance the mule had brought him
from the cabin. He had believed that the
involuntary ride had covered several miles.
On beholding the light he exclaimed—
“Surely that can’t be the cabin!”

  “Surely can’t be any other unless one’s
been built since sunup,” assured Farnham.
“Now this is the way we’ll work it. Leaper
must be caught off his guard. I don’t in-
tend to be killed or even broken up by him.
I’m a bummer. I’m no good. I’ll go to
the cabin and beg for food and a place to
sleep. I’m nearly starved. I’m not worth
robbing. Once inside I must wait for a
chance to get the drop on Leaper. May
have to kill him in his tracks.”

  Ellis hoped the affair might end thus.
“He’s strong as a grizzly and half crazy.
If he puts up a fight I’ll nail him. What I
want to do is to take him alive and carry
him to Denver. You keep outside till I
whistle; then come on the jump. Pick up a
club from the firewood by the door and be
ready to belt him over the head.”

  “What if there’s some one with him, one
of the gang you were telling about?” ner-
vously whispered Ellis.

  “Then I must remain a camp rat, stay if
he’ll let me, or be kicked out,” cheerfully
amended Farnham. “Still I should know
ahead if any one’s with him. While I’m
making for the door you sneak to the win-
dow and see if he’s alone. If he isn’t you’d
better go up the gulch and spend the night
with the mule.”

  Ellis slowly advanced to a position op-
posite the small window. Leaper was
squatting before the fire, intent on counting
a roll of money. Something aroused his
suspicions, possibly the tensity of Ellis’
gaze. He lifted his head and glared about
like a wild animal scenting the hunter.
Then he came to his feet and pulled aside a
wolf skin on the wall and thrust the money
in a niche between the logs and centered his
gaze on the door. Ellis cautiously with-
drew and gained Farnham’s side, and whis-
pered :

  “Alone, but on his guard. Must have
heard some sound.”

  “Haven’t moved a muscle. Back to the
window. Come in when the trouble starts.

I may be too busy to whistle,” quickly
directed Farnham.

  Then he commenced a stumbling advance
toward the door and called out—

  “Hi, there, in the house!”

  Almost before he finished calling out the
door opened and Leaper stood on the thresh-
old, his head thrust forward to escape con-
tact with the lintel log.

  “Who’s that barking? Who be you?”
harshly demanded Leaper as the ragged
figure limped into the light streaming
through the doorway.

  “Starving man. Out of luck. Give me a
hunk of bread,” gasped Farnham, and he
walked unsteadily.

  “Get away from here, you-beggar,

or I’ll kill you!” roared Leaper.

  “Good lord! Just a bite to keep my in-
nards quiet till I can make a settlement,”
pleaded Farnham. “I ain’t eaten for so
long I really believe I’ll die here before your
door in this gulch if I don’t have food.
Anything. A dry crust you wouldn’t give
a dog. Just a few mouthfuls.”

  Perhaps Leaper did not relish the idea of
a penniless wanderer dying near his cabin
for him to bury, for conceal such an un-
fortunate he must, or have the name with-
out the game. He clawed his fingers
through his tangled beard for a few mo-
ments, then growled and stepped back and
motioned Farnham to enter.

  “What I’d give a dog, eh?” he rumbled.
“You’re a dog. Swaller that and get clear
of this gulch or I’ll cut your throat.”

  He picked up a slab of coarse bread and
broke it in two and tossed half of it to Farn-
ham, who was now standing beside the
door. Farnham grabbed for it eagerly and
io6

Adventure

awkwardly and it fell to the floor. He bent
forward and picked it up with his left hand
and at the same time pulled the heavy re-
volver from his boot with his right hand.
Then he was erect and hurling the bread
into Leaper’s face and was felling him to the
floor with a blow from the heavy barrel.
It was all finished in two seconds.

  Ellis, holding his breath, stared in amaze-
ment through the window as the warder of
Warder’s Hill was thus summarily disposed
of. He had considered Leaper to be little
less than a demon. There he was on the
floor, blood trickling from the wound on his
shaggy head and Farnham whipping hand-
cuffs from the second boot leg and snapping
them on the brute’s wrists.

  The marshal brought Ellis out of his
stupor by glancing toward the window and
announcing:

  “All over. He was an easy nut to crack.
Come in!”

  Leaper was not seriously hurt, for the
marshal’s words were barely uttered before
he roared mightily and started to get on his
feet. The revolver barrel landed on his
head and sent him back. When Ellis en-
tered the room, the fallen giant was beating
his head on the floor and tearing his mana-
cled hands through his long beard.

  Farnham stared down at him and en-
couraged :

  “Abuse yourself all you want to. No one
here to stop you.”

  Leaper ceased his violence and glared at
the marshal in silence. On beholding Ellis
some of his cunning returned and all of his
hate. He slowly rose to his feet, Farnham
watching him closely. He raised his hands
and sprang to bring them down on Ellis’
head. The marshal thrust forward a foot
and tripped him headlong. Then the marshal
snatched a piece of rope from a peg and
deftly looped it around the prisoner’s
ankles.

  “You’ve had enough exercise,” he said.

  Ellis was afraid of the man despite the
ease with which Farnham had mastered
him. Leaper glared at him malevolently
and began his wild laughing. Ellis feared
the man would remember Waggle’s talk
about Skillings’ death and repeat it to the
marshal. The latter prevented any imme-
diate recital by saying:

  “I’m going to fetch the mule. Watch
this man sharp. If he tries any game, belt
him over the heaJ with a stool.”

  He disappeared into the darkness and
Leaper recovered his self-control enough to
realize he was not furthering his'own cause.
“Who is that man?” he asked of Ellis.
“United States marshal from Buckskin.
He saved my life after you thought you’d
done for me.”

  “Pretty company he’s in when he comes
here with you. Does he know you mur-
dered Skillings?”

  “No one knows that. It isn’t a fact,”
said Ellis.

  “Waggle says it is a fact. See here, if I
go to Denver with him you’ll go along, tied
to me, and you’ll swing,” warned Leaper.

  Ellis did not believe he could face the
prisoner’s disclosure. He stepped to the
hiding place in the logs and removed the
hidden money and counted it. It was the
same amount taken from him that morn-
ing. “Let me loose and save yourself
trouble. You’ve got your money,” urged
Leaper.

  “No. Farnham saved my life. Tell him
what you like.”

  Leaper was disappointed. He was silent
for a minute, then he suggested:

  “If you don’t give evidence against me in
Denver I’ll keep my mouth shut about
Skillings. Want to trade?”

  Farnham had said he already had one of
the man’s victims ready to give evidence.
Ellis believed it would be equivalent to sur-
rendering himself to the law on a charge of
homicide did he appear as a witness against
Leaper and thereby be compelled to give
his personal history. He slowly replied:

  “I won’t testify against you until you tell
what Waggle said. If you tell it, or if Bill
Waggle tells it, I’ll testify that you robbed
me and tried to murder me.”

  “A bargain,” growled Leaper. “Nothing
can be done to me till we reach Denver. I
have friends there. I’ll have word passed
to Bill to keep shut about you. You’ll save
your neck and I’ll have a chance to save
mine.”

  “I’ve already told Farnham you robbed
me. I’ll have to tell him I have it back,”
informed Ellis.

  Leaper scowled over this; then decided:
“It won’t matter if you don’t tell it in
court. The bargain stands.”

  He made no effort to release his hands and
apparently was asleep when the marshal
returned. Ellis produced the money and
explained seeing Leaper hide it and asked
Pards

107

Farnham to count it. The marshal did so
and told him to keep it. Then he searched
the cabin carefully for other moneys, but
found none. Leaper kept his eyes closed
during all this but Farnham noticed his big
face was twisted into a grimace or a smile.

   “That feller’s hurting himself laughing,”
said Farnham. “Let’s have grub.”

  Ellis cooked bacon and made coffee and
the prisoner opened his eyes and was
permitted to eat. Farnham decided they
should stand watch over the man through
the night and elected to be the first. It was
two o’clock- of a new day when Ellis was
aroused. He sat wrapped in a blanket until
sunrise.

  Breakfast was quickly cooked and eaten.

' Leaper had not spoken a word since Farn-
ham returned with the mule the night be-
fore. His eyes glittered with hope when
Ellis returned from the corral and an-
nounced the mule was gone.

  “Then we’ll walk,” decided Farnham.

   “I’m not walking,” Leaper broke his long
silence to inform.

  “You’ll walk,” assured Farnham. To
Ellis, “Cut two stout cudgels. This man
walks and walks brisk, or he’ll never walk
again.”

  Leaper stood up and surrendered— (

  “I’m ready.”

  The sun was warm and genial until they
came to where Ellis had made the wrong
turn; then clouds swiftly closed the sky and
rain began. The wind beat in their faces
and the road grew muddy. Leaper walked
savagely, as if wishing to tire his captors or
have the disagreeable journey over with.
Ellis found some shelter by keeping close
to his heels.

  The storm passed away when they were
within two miles of the Salt Works. Ahead
of them rose an isolated mountain, and
soon they were cheered by the sight of
smoke rising from its base.

  The plain had been dreary enough during
the storm but now it was pleasing in the
sunshine. Farnham called Ellis’ attention
to what looked like patches of snow and
told him they were salt incrustations, but
the Singing Pilgrim was more interested in
the large cabin and the smoking chimney.

  Two long wagons were near the cabin and
another was loading salt from a shanty.
Several teamsters and employees stared
curiously at Leaper, for handcuffs were sel-
dom seen in the mountains. Charles Hall,

New York born, but a veteran of the moun-
tains, came out of the house and greeted
Farnham cordially. The marshal explained
his business and asked for a chance to ride
with his prisoner to Denver or, at least, as
far as Fair Play.

  Mr. Hall promptly told him:

  “You’ll ride clear through. You’ve
walked enough. Come inside you two and
have some dinner. The prisoner can be
fed afterward in the kitchen. One wagon
is starting in a few hours for Denver and
will make Fair Play some time this evening.
How about the young man? Fussy when
he starts?”

  “I’ll travel anytime when I can get a
lift,” said Ellis.

  He wras anxious to separate from Farn-
ham before reaching Denver.

  “Then you’d better start right after you
eat. A light-hitch is going only as far as
Fair Play. After Farnham’s wagon has
left a load there you can ride with him the
rest of the trip.”

  It was a wonderful dinner they sat down
to, and after they had eaten Leaper proved
he had not lost his appetite. Leaper was
still bolting meat and hot bread when a
teamster came to the door and announced
he was ready to start. Ellis hurriedly
shook hands with Mr. Hall and the marshal
and ran to the wagon. Farnham called
after him—

  “See you soon in Fair Play.” 9
Ellis waved a hand and climbed up beside
the driver. He had no intention of becom-
ing acquainted with Denver courts and
justice through any prolonged association
with the marshal.

COLORADO was a military dis-
trict, and Denver was under
martial law with the provost
guard discouraging quarrels be-
tween soldiers and civilians. Surviving
members of the notorious Criterion saloon
gang refrained from flaunting their wicked-
ness, and worked by stealth. Desperate
and reckless men continued to rob and
kill, but no longer boasted of their evil in
public.

  If Carl Wood, Charles Harrison, and
Steele, the gambler, no longer shot up the
town there was at work a more widely
spread organization, operating with a defi-
nite purpose and considerable efficiency.

  In place of reckless and open outlawry
io8

Adventure

and braggadocio in drinking saloons, with
bullet or rope ultimately curing them, there
was the loosely knit association of thieves
and bandits that methodically worked for
profit and had for its field the entire Colo-
rado territory and a portion of New Mexico.

  At least half of the citizens in the Arkan-
sas valley and a goodly portion of those at
the heads of the Platte sympathized with
secession at the outbreak of war. Many
had returned home to support the South,
but enough remained in the mountains and
Denver to strike sparks of discord.

  Until the provost guard was mounted,
quarrels between soldiers and civilians were
of frequent occurrence. Wild rumors of
the Knights of the Golden Circle establish-
ing branches in camps and towns, of plans
to seize the gold country and divert its
riches into the treasury of the Confederacy,
of Missouri guerrillas about to collect rich
toll from the private mines and the strong
boxes of merchants and express offices in
Denver, the lawless element was provided
with an excellent screen to work behind.

  War news, relayed from the old California
Crossing two hundred miles away, fre-
quently fanned sectional differences into
violence. General Butler at New Orleans
was execrated by southern men in Denver
and was staunchly supported by unionists.
McClellan’s retirement from the Peninsula
and Jackson’s victory at Cedar Mountain
caused jubilation and chagrin. Immedi-
ately on the receipt of war news the provost
guard was on edge to maintain order.

  Of intimate concern and interest was the
ferocious guerrilla warfare in Kansas and
Missouri. Already it had closed the Arkan-
sas valley to immigration and stifled the
hopes of southern towns to rival Denver.

  Unless the two border states should be-
come more tranquil, travel up the Platte
likewise would be blocked. Neither south-
ern nor northern man cared to be shut off
from eastern supplies of food and machin-
ery. Yet ever closer was the danger of a
general Indian uprising. Distorted reports
of the Sioux massacres in Minnesota—and
the truth was evil enough—were being
brought from the crossing by special cou-
riers. Veteran mountain men were con-
vinced the Plains Sioux and Cheyennes
were on the verge of smoking war tobacco,
and that it was only a matter of days before
the Kiowas as a nation would commence
hostilities.

  In this connection it was prophesied that
the Arapahos would join their ancient
friends, the Cheyennes, and that the Utes
would seize the opportunity to ravage and
plunder.

  The August draft of three hundred thou-
sand nine-months men was continually
taking toll among the able-bodied north-
erners. And just as assiduously men were
continually making for Texas to later meet
their Colorado acquaintances on hostile
fields.

  Now that placer mining had seen its best
days, claim and mine owners were turning
speculators. There were no holdings in the
Gregory districts that eastern capital could
not purchase. Miners had become mine
owners. There was a general belief that
more money could be made by buying and
selling than by developing. The real estate
market was very active. Brick and lumber
were abundant and the former was, perhaps,
the cheaper building material.

  Handsome brick blocks and commodious
frame structures covered the sites of Sixty-
One’s huts and tents. Speculators were
endeavoring to boom the highlands on the
bluffs opposite the city, but were finding
it rather slow work. In the city proper
realty values were constantly increasing.
Trade markets fluctuated weirdly. Prices
mounted as transportation became uncer-
tain in fact or fancy, and often dropped to
cost when delayed trains arrived close to-
gether, and for a time glutted the market.
Agriculture had not been thoroughly tested.
All supplies necessary for farming and
mining came from the East and at times
paid a freight tariff of ten cents a pound.

  Nathan Goss, recently arrived on a horse
bought at Cameron’s ranch, was quick to
sense the cross currents of purpose as he
walked the busy streets and refreshed him-
self with watching the activities. He was
weary of mountain camps. This thriving
community on the gradually sloping plain
was a great relief. Had he felt free to re-
sume his vocation, he would have been
thoroughly contented; but there was Frank
Ellis to be found, rather an annoying duty.

  Euclid, the young eccentric, had gone to
Canon City. Veiled inquiries at the Broad-
well House had failed to find any trace of
Ellis. Desire insisted he had done what he
could to locate the young man and that he
could not afford to waste more time. Yet
Ellis was on top of his mind even as he
Pards

found pleasure in strolling the streets. He
thought of him every time he saw a pilgrim
just “arrived out.”

  He walked aimlessly, searching for Ellis
in the passing groups, trying to appease the
voice of duty. And all the while he en-
joyed the absence of that shut-in feeling.
For two years he largely had lived in deep
and narrow gulches. These streets, eighty
feet wide, gave him an uplift and caused him
to feel he had escaped from a dreary cap-
tivity. Yet he felt he must do his utmost
to find the Singing Pilgrim.

  “Nuisance. Old enough to look after
himself,” he muttered as he stood on F
Street and glimpsed the waters of the Platte
five blocks away, where a year before
Arapaho lodges and tents of immigrants had
stood. Beyond the river were the moun-
tains, gay with many colors, like giants be-
decking themselves with a woman’s finery.

  Nor were the Indians entirely retired
from the town. Many had learned to
crave liquor, and remained and lived in
sordid slavery for the sake of an occasional
dram. He encountered one, an Arapaho,
near the Rocky Mountain News office, try-
ing to tell William Byers, editor and pub-
lisher, that he wanted him to say in his
talking paper that his chief, Little Raven,
would pay ten ponies for the return of his
lost Buchanan medal, distributed in the
fall of i860 together with Lincoln and
Douglas medals.

  From the Broadwell House the gambler
passed the brick church and entered a maze
of stores, gaming halls, saloons and the
homes of light-o’-loves, and wandered
widely. He was doing his duty by the
Singing Pilgrim, he told himself, while he
aimlessly drifted with the crowd or stemmed
the current to inspect a gambling place.
In Heatly and Chase’s place he was in-
vited to make up a poker outfit, but de-
clined.

  Night would be early enough to resume
his work. Until then he must satisfy his
eyes with roomy streets. He found much
pleasure in loitering up streets that ran
northwest and gazing at Long’s Peak. This
view made him feel like a man who has
escaped from prison and who lingers in
open places to look back on the scene of his
detention.

  Finally he came to a halt in front of the
old Pacific House, where a crowd was block-
ing the street, gathered there by the spec-

tacle of a woman in fluffy skirts walking a
tight-rope across Larimer Street. His in-
terest was as keen as that of a young boy
watching his first circus. He gave no heed
when a hand touched his elbow. He real-
ized it was not an accidental contact with
the crowd when strong fingers seized his
arm and shook it impatiently. Turning his
head he stared into the vicious face of Bill
Waggle.

THE fingers of his right hand
slipped inside his left cuff as he
remarked—
s “So you’re still alive, Bill?”
And he darted his gaze about and de-
manded—

  “Where’s Dodge?”

  “Gone north to new diggings. How’s it
feel to be run out the gulch?”

  “You’re a liar. I walked out.”

  Waggle grinned and asked—

  “Where’s your young hooting friend?”
With a show of indifference he was far
from feeling Goss replied:

  “Don’t know. He quit the gulch ahead
of me. Haven’t seen him since.”

  “I have.”

  Goss’ face froze. Disturbed, and anxious
to learn where Waggle met Ellis, he in-
differently remarked— “That so? What
of it?”

  “Nothing of it. But if you see him just
remind him to remember his bargain and
keep his mouth shut.”

 “What bargain? With whom? Just
what do you mean, Waggle?”

  “Our cat’s waking up. Pilgrim will
know what I mean. And I ain’t known as
Waggle in this town.”

  “If folks here should know what I know
you’ll be wearing a rope.”

 “Mebbe. But you won’t give me
away.”

  “I don't talk a lot. Still I tried to shoot
you in California Gulch for sneaking that
gun to Dodge. But you speak as if making
a threat, as if daring me to call out your
name and history. I can be bluffed, Wag-
gle. But only by a much better man than
you.”

  “Go ahead and shout,” defied Waggle.
“But if there’s a rope for me there’ll be an-
other for the Singing Pilgrim and he’ll
stretch it.”

  “Talk, talk,” complained the gambler
wearily. “What are you coming at?”
no

Adventure

  “The News printed a piece about Skill-
ings’ death. Said the Pilgrim skipped out
and is wanted. I know things. You keep
your yap shut and I’ll keep mine shut.
Just tell him to remember his bargain.”
Goss stored at him stonily for a moment,
then said:

  “All right. But why think I’m likely
to meet him?”

  “Cause he’s here in Denver somewhere.
I’ve tried to locate him and tell him to git
out of town. I saw you leaving Heatly’s
place and trailed you till I could find you
in a crowd like this. The younker will be
in his last bit of trouble if he’s found by cer-
tain folks and goes to blatting. If he
keeps his word and clears out my friends
will keep mum.”

  “I’m no talker,” repeated Goss. “But
if ever I drop a gun on you again your
troubles will be all over, so far as the moun-
tain country’s concerned. That woman has
nerve.”

  And he gazed at the tight-rope walker
now finishing her aerial journey at an open
window.

  When he turned his head Waggle had dis-
appeared. The gambler remained, staring
at the window, seemingly much interested
in the exhibition. Inwardly he was much
perturbed by the ruffian’s talk. He had
trained his face and nerves but he never
could train his heart. Prematurely experi-
enced in concealing his feelings he was none
the less human. Having acted as Ellis’ pro-
tector he found he was unable to put aside
his sense of responsibility.

  “Young idiot!” he muttered as he turned
up the street. “And where did that
skunk see him after he left us at Twin
Lakes? Says he knows he’s in Denver.
He couldn’t have seen him here, or he’d
talked to him and wouldn’t be sending any
word by me. Wonder if he really knows
he’s here, or if he thinks it and was trying to
learn something definite from me?”

  He went back to the Broad well House and
wandered into the bar. Only by a strong
effort did he maintain his bored bearing
once he saw. Whip King, whip in hand and
with the dust of the trail on his shoulders,
leaning against the upper end of the bar
and talking with a number of freighters.
Whip King called out to him. Goss ac-
knowledged the greeting with a gesture and
went to the other end of the bar and ordered
a glass of lager. After a few minutes Whip

King quit the group and came down the bar
and greeted—

  “How’s tricks?”

  Goss waited until the bartender filled a
second glass and returned to wait on the
freighters, then replied:

  “Rather bad. The Singing Pilgrim was
to meet me here. Just heard he’s in Den-
ver, but I can’t locate him.”

  And he sketched his adventures among
the Utes and about Ellis starting alone
from Twin Lakes to make the city.

  For the moment Whip King’s interest was
not on Ellis, for he exclaimed:

  “Euclid snagged by Injuns! Bet he
talked them crazy. Now down in Canon
City. If that don’t beat all nature!”

  “I’m more concerned about the Pilgrim.
Euclid isn’t wanted for anything, or by
anybody. He’d drive me crazy in a month.”
“If the Pilgrim is here he’ll be showing up.
I went after a man down on the Canadian
once and found him. Oughter be easy to
locate a man in this town. My friends up
the line—■” he nodded toward the freighters
at the end of the bar—“was just telling me
that United States Marshal Farnham has
fetched in a man from below the Salt Works.
Jonathan Leaper by name. Believed to
have killed several miners arriving out of
the mines. It’s believed he’s one of the

gang that’s been raising so much -

’tween here’n Taos for the last two years.
They say there’s two witnesses against him
that’ll spike him into a wooden box sure’s
some steers are wild. Got extry guards
so’s none of the gang will git him loose.”
The last sentence interested Goss as it
suggested a possible reason for Waggle’s
presence in town. He did not mention
Waggle to Whip King, for there was sud-
denly born in his mind the suspicion that
harm would come to Ellis if the ruffian were
arrested. There was the bargain Waggle
intimated Ellis had made with some one.
Goss finally said:

  “Whip King, I’m in trouble. I must find
Ellis at once if he’s here in Denver. I’ll
give the town a real combing this time. He
was to call here. No one by the name of
Ellis has shown up.”

  “Probably shifted his name.”

  “That may be, but he’d be as safe under
his own name. Only two ways he can be
recognized, by some one who knew him in
California Gulch or by his singing voice.
I’ll try the desk again.”
Pards

hi

  He found the clerk and inquired if any one
had asked for him or for Whip King.

  “Not a soul, Mr. Goss,” assured the clerk.
And he turned away to wait on a newcomer.

  The gambler moodily cut the end of a
cigar and was about to light it when he
heard a most musical voice say:

  “Thank you. I’m rather uncertain how
long I shall stay here.”

  Goss turned as she walked to the stairs,
preceded by a boy carrying a beflowered
carpetbag and followed by an employee lug-
ging a small horsehide trunk. Goss saw
only the woman’s back, but he had heard
her voice. From her graceful carriage he
knew she was young and from her voice he
decided she must be beautiful. But women
were no novelty in Denver. Back in the
old days two years before every masculine
eye would have followed the slim figure.
Goss gave her attention simply because
there was a quality in her voice which was
vaguely reminiscent of something. It al-
most came to him. He moved to the end
of the desk for a last word with the clerk
and said—

  “If any one asks for me tell him to leave a
note, saying when and where he’ll meet me,
and-”

  His tongue became paralyzed as a down-
ward sweep of his gaze fell on the prim signa-
ture—

Annie Ellis, Martinsville, Indiana.

  “When and where he’ll meet you?”
prompted the clerk.

“Yes. I’ll be back soon,” mumbled Goss.

  He turned toward the door, his dis-
ciplined mind for once in a sad whirl. Men
entering from the street blocked his way.
As he stepped aside and waited he heard a
man say:

  “It’s a phase every community of quick
growth seems bound to go through. Too
much gambling and speculation, too much
recklessness and disregard for law and order.
The men trying to raise crops out here find
that for the first few years their efforts are
defeated by insect pests. In town building
it’s much the same. But after we have
settled down the gambler and thug will be
driven out, at least into hiding, just as the
grasshoppers and other nuisances will be
overcome by the farmer.”

  The speaker was Governor Evans, per-
sonal friend of President Lincoln, and suc-
cessor to William Gilpin, after the latter

was, perhaps, too harshly judged for cutting
red tape and sending his pet lambs to defeat
“Baylor’s Babes” and discourage the Con-
federacy’s efforts to secure and control the
gold lands.

  Goss sidled along to the door and gained
the street with his mind ringing with the
one word, phase. Gambling was well near
universal in the camps and towns. Goss
had seen a Colorado sheriff pawn his re-
volver to continue in a poker game. He
had played with law-givers and national
legislators, with merchants and miners.
He always had prided himself on being a
square card-man.

  Governor Evans evidently considered
gambling an incident, something short-
lived. Goss resented the characterization.
It was the one occupation he had qualified
for. If gambling ceased to be the general
pastime, or if it became something furtive,
he would have no vocation. The thought
was disturbing. Even in the midst of his
wonderment and dismay over the Ellis girl’s
arrival he had to meditate on the governor’s
prophecy and consider if he, a gambler, was
something very transient.

  “If gambling is stopped I’ll be as deep in
cap as the Pilgrim,” he muttered as he
wandered aimlessly to the corner.

  Then his thoughts switched back to his
friend and the girl and, being off his guard,
his lean, dark face betrayed the concern and
bewilderment promptly returned to lodge in
his mind. If Ellis did not turn up what
would his sister do? And if he did appear,
what would she do?

  “And why the-did she come out here

like this?” he hopelessly asked himself.

  Situations calling for direct methods, such
as shooting it out with Charley Dodge, were
easily handled. But how was one to go to
a lonely young woman and bluntly explain
her brother had disappeared, or that he was,
practically, a fugitive from mountain jus-
tice? To remain aloof and permit her to
remain in agonizing ignorance was unthink-
able.

         GOSS halted at G street between
Market and Blake where many
*iac^ gathered to watch stage
coaches and other passenger vehi-
cles start for the river. Near-by was Jim
Beckwourth, for years head chief of the
Crows but now trying his hand at farming.
His long black hair and reckless visage and
112

Adventure

da^k complexion made him an outstanding
figure even among those who allowed their
hair to grow and preferred buckskin to
woolen.

  Contrary to popular belief this pictur-
esque mixed-blood was a mulatto and not
of Indian-white descent. Clinging to his
arm was his Mexican wife, a tiny creature to
whom, with a flourish, he was presenting an
old mountain man. He addressed her as
Madame Beckwourth. The mountainman
was William McGaa, known to Beckwourth
and old-time trappers as Jack Jones, who
was eating his heart out because the street
named after him had been rechristened after
Holladay.

  Madame Beckwourth was forgotten as the
two men began reminiscing volubly, and
unconsciously duplicating their spoken
speech with the sign language of the Plains
Indians.

  “Tie their hands and they couldn’t talk,”
murmured Whip King over Goss’ shoulder.
“Makes me feel sort of homesick to see so
many outfits pulling out and me left here.
I’ll soon be forgetting how to crack my
whip.”

  “Just the man I want to talk with,” softly
exclaimed Goss. “Best of luck we’ve come
together again.”

  “Luck, nothing! I’ve been trailing you
ever since you quit the hotel. Something
happened?”

  “The Singing Pilgrim’s sister has arrived
at the Broadwell House,” groaned Goss.
“ Somebody must meet her and tell her
something.”

  “Good land! But that sounds sort of bad!
Arrived out with no one expecting her,”
mumbled Whip King. “But your talk
sounds hazy. Somebody tell her some-
thing! Who knows what’s to be told her?
Why did she come out here? And who’s to
tell her? And tell her what?”

  “I pass,” surrendered Goss gloomily.
“Not a card in my hand nor an idea in my
head. But if a stranger must call on her to
explain, you’re the man. I don’t know what
you can say.”

  “No, siree! I’ll tackle a grizzly with my
old whip. See here, Nathan. You happen
round up there. She’ll be asking ques-
tions. You chip in and tell her.”

  “What?” snarled Goss.

  “Well, whatever seems to be best.”

   “Ellis is the one to talk to his sister,” con-
tinued Goss. “I believe he is still in town.

I know he was here. You must help me
find him.”

  “Like hunting for a jackknife I once lost
on Green River,” grumbled Whip King.
“But let’s be looking. I’ll round up lodging
houses. You look in stores. He may be
working.”

  Depending largely upon luck the two
separated. Ellis was not known in Denver;
and had he been his searchers would not
have risked asking about him by name.
Whip King had selected the more tedious
part of the hunt. The gambler could enter
a store and glance at the employees and be
done with the place. The wagon train boss
could only loiter about doorways and ob-
serve the tenants entering and leaving. He
could ask no questions. After several hours
of this unsatisfactory work Whip King1
started back to the Broadwell House, hoping
that Goss had been more successful. On
the way he met United States Marshal
Hunt. The marshal had just left the jail on
Larimer street near E. After shaking hands
and exchanging greetings the marshal in-
formed: .

  “We have a bloody, red-handed murderer
in there and there’s a chance of his going
free. Couple of years ago we’d hung him
from the Cherry creek bridge and gone home
to supper. But the court can’t convict un-
less there’s sufficient evidence. When Mar-
shal Farnham brought him in there was
every prospect of a hanging. Farnham
worked up the case. Had two witnesses on
tap who could have settled Leaper’s hash.
That’s his name, Jonathan Leaper. Now
we’re in a fine stew. One witness, tied to a
mule and turned loose in the mountains by
Leaper, has died from the shock of his wild
ride. United States Attorney Sam Brown
says he can’t go to trial without some evi-
dence.”

  “You spoke of two witnesses,” reminded
Whip King. “I’ve heard queer yarns about
Leaper. But nothing you could hang your
hat on. Worked alone and lived alone. No
woman in his life to give him away.”

  “The other witness was a young man.
Supposed to come in with Farnham. They
separated at the Salt Works and were to
meet at Fair Play. Young man plumb dis-
appeared. That leaves Brown high and
dry. He has a murderer but no witnesses.”

  “Hard luck. S’pose you’re hunting for
the missing witness.”

  “We don’t even know he ever made
Pards'

113

Denver,” said Hunt. “If he did some of
the gang may have made away with him.
We’ll look for him but there’s too many
young men in Denver for me to pick out the
right stranger. We’re going to run a notice
in the News, asking him to call at the jail.
Maybe he’ll turn up in a few days.”

  “Probably,” agreed Whip King. “What
we need is for some sort of a game like
what young Dave Cook has in mind. Wish
he’d come back from the service and start
it going.”

  “Meaning his ‘Rocky Mountain Detec-
tive Association,’ ” said Hunt. “Well, I
don’t know. The idea is fine, but where can
you get the right kind of men to chase law-
breakers? Men with guts and brains
enough to handle the bad ones out here are
in business, or politics. It’ll take capital to
start the association. Cook himself is smart
enough. Looks rather dubious.”*

  “Cook’s young. Not much over twenty;
but he’ll never get that bee out of his bonnet,
and big profits won’t ever tempt him into
any other line of work. Hope you find that
other young man.”

  With this Whip King walked on to the
hotel.

  Goss was standing just inside the main
entrance, his gaze fixed on the door. Be-
fore Whip King could speak the gambler
was motioning him to a chair and was whis-
pering :

  “I found him! Didn’t know him at first.
Shaved clean and well dressed. Working
next to the corner of F and Blake in Brown
and Daniels grocery store. He was much
upset by my talk. He’s hiding to keep from
being called on as a witness in court. Just
as soon as he finishes his work and when it
gets dark he’ll come up and see his sister.
He wanted me to see her and prepare her for
his coming; to tell her about his hard luck.
She’s out shopping. My nerve failed. I
wouldn’t have goi^e up if she’d been here.”

  “He mustn’t come here,” growled Whip
King. And he repeated his talk with United
States Marshal Hunt.

  “By-! Leave it to that fellow to get

   *	David J. Cook. B. Indiana, 1840. Mining in Col., 1859.
Then two years farming in Kansas and freighting. En-
listed. Transferred to Ordnance Dept, of frontier, ’63, and
organized the Rocky Mountain Detective Association in
that year. Worked much with sheriffs in Wyoming.
Nate K. Boswell arrested Jesse James and lodged him in
Laramie City Jail. James released for lack of evidence,
no one knowing his true identity. Shortly afterward Bos-
well saw a picture of James and recognized him as the
released prisoner. Cook’s frontier adventures covered
twenty years and includes battles with the boldest bandits
of the old border.

  8

into trouble!” groaned the gambler. “If he
had a pat hand he’d find there were five
aces in it. Now what’s to be done? If he
goes into court he’ll be identified and held
for Skillings’ death. That’s what Bill Wag-
gle meant by his roundabout threats and
his hints about a bargain. Bargain with
this Leaper. Bargain must be that the gang
will keep shut about him being wanted in
California Gulch if he’ll keep off the witness
stand. Didn’t have more’n half a minute
to speak with. I’m to go back and pick
him up. He’s a Jonah.”

  Whip King scowled heavily and pursed
his thick lips thoughtfully. Finally he said:
“Maybe it’s best for him to go to court
and take the chances. Shortest way out of it. ”
“He ran away the night the man was
killed. He’s kept away from Farnham since
leaving him. The gang will send men in to
swear him into a noose.”

  “You can’t get clear of trouble by run-
ning away from it,” doggedly insisted Whip
King. “Sooner he squares his accounts the
quicker he can have a chance to quit being
afraid of his shadder. I still hold he must
go into court and tell.”

  Goss broke off the sentence by clutching
his arm fiercely. Then he murmured, “His
sister! Think of the shock to her if he is
accused of murder!”

  Whip King lifted his eyes and beheld a
sweet-faced young woman. She had several
small parcels in her arms and her face was
flushed from walking. She halted opposite
the men and gazed eagerly about the office.
Her small face revealed disappointment and
she moved on slowly, as if undecided. She
started toward the desk, hesitated, then
turned and hurried up the stairs.

  Whip King fiercely bit the end from a
cigar and forgot to light it.

  “He’d best keep out of court if he can,” he
sharply decided. “I’ve shifted my bets.
Twice the young fool ran away. If he can
keep out of sight till Leaper’s been hung or
set free folks will forget about the Skillings
case. By spring California Gulch will have
forgotten him. Here’s an idea: Canon City
is well near empty. Ancient Days has a
little ranch a few miles below it. What if he
and his sister go down there and spend the
winter? He can take possession if Ancient
isn’t there. They’ll be more’n welcome if
Ancient is there. Anyway he must get
clear of Denver before some of Sam Brown’s
boys locate him.”
ii4

Adventure

  Goss nodded approvingly and indorsed—
“Now you’re drawing to- the full strength
of your hand.”

  Whip King sternly declared, “If I thought
he’d done wrong I’d give him up to the
authorities.”

  “I wouldn’t,” replied the gambler. “Now
I must go back and tell him about this last
wrinkle and arrange for his leaving town.
Then the girl must be told.”

 He reached the grocery store a few
minutes before Ellis’ supper time and waited
outside. Ellis soon joined him, his counte-
nance struggling between worry and delight.

  “I can’t wait a minute,” was his greeting
to Goss. “I’d give a million if I had it if
Annie hadn’t come out like this. And yet
I never was so homesick in my life for any-
thing as I am to see her.”

  “Can’t blame you,” said Goss, “but the
game’s getting a little crowded. Too many
sitting in. We’ll walk along and I’ll tell
you.”

wwm HE LED his perturbed compan-
gjslaKI ion to the foot of F street where
they could have the privacy of the
■ft-isSisui river bank. Nor would the gam-
bler talk until'they reached the river. Then
he rapidly outlined the new dangers and
difficulties, and repeated Whip King’s ad-
vice—an immediate departure for Canon
City.

  After the first feeling of discouragement
Ellis was willing to do anything which might
spare his sister trouble.

  “Can you call on her and explain?” he
asked. “And arrange for us to meet some-
where?”

  The gambler shook his head and firmly
insisted:

  “You must see her and do the explaining.
Until that notice appears in the News there’s
no more danger of you being recognized in
the Broadwell than in the store. You fol-
low me in and go right upstairs. Her room
is No. 10. After twenty minutes I’ll come
up! If the young lady’s game we’ll pull out
tonight, you two in a light rig and I on my
horse. I’ll see you through to Canon City.”
“She’ll do anything for me,” sighed Ellis.
“And it’s mighty kind of you to take the
bother. I don’t know when I can pay back
that hundred.”

  Goss’ dark face flushed with anger, and
he complained:

  “Always the way. It’s always the woman

who’ll do anything for a man who’s in hard
luck.”

  “But she’s my sister,” reminded Ellis.

  “Saltpeter! But you’re her brother/’ re-
plied Goss. “Kept that in the front of
your mind rather than the hundred dollars.
It’s for you to be the one who’ll do anything.
She’s the one who should be helped. I had
a glimpse of her. She doesn’t look much
bigger than a drink.”

  “Good heavens, Nathan! I’d die—any-
thing for Annie!” passionately cried Ellis.

  “I suppose so. Most men, brothers,
would at a pinch,” mumbled Goss. “I’m
out of sorts from missing my supper. You’re
all right, Pilgrim. Just working in cap
again. But you have the best luck in the

world in having a sister. - of it with

me is my being an only child. Well, let’s
not chase deuces into the grave. Each of us
cuts open a dog some time or other.”*

  They made for the hotel, the gambler de-
claring the time to be propitious, as guests
would be busy eating supper. They had
expected to find the office practically de-
serted, but fresh war news had arrived while
they were talking by the river and many had
gathered from the street to gossip and argue.

  When the two entered the office they
found it lively with excited groups. The
gambler nodded toward the stairs and, as
Ellis mounted to find his sister, joined a
party of disputants. The man standing di-
rectly in front of him, back to, was warn-
ing:

  “No - secesh talk here. There’s a

war on.”

  “Can’t a man express an honest opinion
without being called a rebel, Sam Brown?”
demanded an angry citizen.

  Goss did not linger to hear the mar-
shal’s reply, but shifted his position to
another noisy group closer to the stairs.
Brown’s presence was an unexpected dan-
ger. He did not know Ellis by sight, but
he represented the Law. Goss waited and
consulted his watch impatiently. He feared
lest Ellis descend and be confronted by
the marshal and be asked to give his
name and antecedents. At last he was free
to run upstairs and to Miss Ellis’ room. He
tapped timidly and Ellis’ voice called out—

  “Who’s there?”

  The voice was uneven and seemed to lack
confidence.

  The gambler gave his name and the door

   *	Early Colorado for "make a mistake," "be in error.”
Pards

115

was unlocked and opened. On entering he
was greatly disturbed to observe the girl
trying to erase signs of weeping. Ellis hur-
riedly explained:

  “Annie, this is the friend I was speaking
of, Nathan Goss. My sister, Nate. She
doesn’t like the idea of hiding.”

  “You’ve told her everything?” significant-
ly asked Goss. He found it impossible to
maintain his poker expression under the
girl’s questioning gaze.

  “Everything.”

  More at ease Goss told the girl—

  “Your brother, ma’am, isn’t to be blamed
for anything except having a streak of hard
luck, which comes some time or other to the
best of folks.”

  “But he’s the best of folks,” she quickly
reminded. “People here must know that.”
“The Pilgrim is all right, ma’am,” agreed
Goss. “But most every one in the territory
is a stranger to most every one else. I don’t
see as it’ll do any one any good for him to
give himself up when he’s innocent.”

  “Not even to clear himself?” she de-
manded.

  “Some times it’s the honest man who can’t
clear himself,” he slowly replied. “Not
knowing anything about a certain scally-
wag’s death he can’t say anything except
that he didn’t do it. There’s two men who
know who did it—the murderer and an
Indian hunter. The first won’t tell, of
course. The last might be induced to. al-
though he refused to tell me. He stays in
the mountains and comes to camps only to
sell meat. It might take all winter to find
him. When he’s found and says he’ll talk
then we can walk into court. Whip King
believes as I do—that your brother better
lose himself for a while.”

  “Whip King?” she repeated, her eyes re-
flecting her bewilderment.

  “Master hand with a long whip, ma’am.
A man you can hang your hat on. Trust
him, you know.”

  The girl was perplexed and suspicious of
the quaint talking young man her brother
called friend. Ellis sensed her prejudice and
hurriedly informed:

  “Not hearing from me for some time and
depending on letters I wrote early in the
season, she decided to come out. She was
planning to start for California Gulch to-
morrow.”

  “All I’m thinking about now is to get you
back East,” she told him.

  “You ought not to have come on a chance
of finding me in bonanza,” he said.

  “I think it’s a mighty fine thing her com-
ing,” remarked Goss, his dark eyes flashing.

  The girl felt she had been rebuked, and
her face was dreary with sadness. She
confessed:

  “I’m afraid I’ve been foolish. It costs
lots of money to come. But I was home-
sick.”

  It impressed Ellis as being odd that one
snugly back in Martinsville should be home-
sick. Goss eagerly insisted:

  “It was brave of you, ma’am. Your
brother has been working in cap the whole
season, but who knows if he won’t strike
rich ore another season? He can get work
at Canon City. Friends of ours have a
little ranch near there. Garden stuff
fetches a good price. Next spring he can
try prospecting. Maybe I’ll go with him.”
“You’re a miner, Mr. Goss? You know
about mines?”

  There was scepticism in the question.
Goss had no idea what Ellis had told her.
He gravely replied:

  “Perhaps a speculator would be near
right, ma’am. I’ve been in the diggings
two years and in my way have taken quite a
few chances.”

  She walked to the window and stared out
on the town and enigmatically observed:
“Frank is very impressionable. I have
worried more about his coming under bad
influence than his failure to find gold. It’s
hard for me to understand how he could get
into such a mess if he was busy digging dirt
and hunting for gold.”

  Her brother flushed and warmly declared—
“No man in the mines has better friends
than I have.”

  “They would go into court and testify
to your character?” she asked without turn-
ing from the window. “And Mr. Goss
will testify. His word will have influ-
ence, naturally.”

  Now it was Goss’ dark face that burned.
He coldly answered:

  “I have spent my time in the mines and
camps. I know but few people here. Where
I am known my word goes.”

  “Great Scott, Annie, there isn’t a squarer
man in Colorado than Nathan Goss. If
you’d seen him run Charley Dodge out of
Oro when Dodge had the drop on him—-—”
“Your sister isn’t interested in that,”
broke in Goss.
116

Adventure

  “I’m only interested in getting my brother
out of this muddle.”

  “Exactly. That’s my only concern just
now,” assured Goss. “United States Mar-
shal Brown is down in the office. He’s keen
to find your brother as a witness in the
Leaper case. Leaper’s other victim is
dead. If your brother testifies the lawyers
for Leaper will try to discredit him. They’ll
sink tunnels into his past history. They’ll
turn him inside-out. Leaper’s friends will
tell about his flight from California Gulch.”
Her face paled and she turned to face
them. Ellis despairingly groaned:

  “Oh, I know it’s bad, almost hopeless. I
wish, Annie, you’d take a stage and go back
home and leave me to work it out alone.”
“Shame on you!” she told him.

  Then she was at his side wi th an arm around
his neck and petting him and murmuring:
“Don’t worry, dear. It’s nothing. We’ll
go down to this other city and be very
happy, I know. In the spring, if we think
best, we’ll go back East.”

  “Martinsville will look mighty fine,” he
murmured.

With a little grimace of pain she told him:
“Not Martinsville, dear. I read your
letters to folks They think you’ve made
lots of money. But there’s plenty of other
places where we can go.”

  “If you two have decided to go to Canon
City, I advise starting at once, tonight,”
spoke up Goss.

  “Yes, yes. Tonight,” agreed Ellis, the
United States marshal looming an ominous
figure in his thoughts.

  “Then, ma’am, I’ll go down and arrange
for a light rig. Ten minutes after I’ve left
your brother can go down the back way
andgo to his lodgings. You, ma’am, have
your traps taken down to the office, eat
your supper and pay your shot. In an hour
I’ll call for you with the rig. We’ll pick up
your brother in front of Cheesman’s drug
store and he’ll take my place in the carriage
and I’ll shift to my horse. Once out of town
we can take it easy. I’ll get plenty of sup-
plies and we can make it a sort of a picnic.”
He smiled encouragingly. But she was
not inclined to an optimistic point of view.
For the first time in her life she was con-
fronted with something that frightened her.
It was inconceivable in her upright mind
that an Ellis ever should have to run from
the law. Now the impossible was not only
become possible but was even a necessity.

She found herself compelled to do some
thing offensive. Even with the sacrifice
made she would have no guarantee of free-
dom from fear.

  Her faith in her brother remained. He
would not knowingly do anything wrong.
He had been insistent on coming to the gold
lands and the venture had cost them almost
all they had, their little home. Then came
glowing letters which seemed abundantly to
vindicate his judgment. Jealous of his good
name and fearing for his safety, she told her-
self he never waded so deeply into misfor-
tune of his own volition. Some influence
had warped his judgment or deceived him.

  As she stared at the smiling, dark-faced
young man who seemed so worldly wise she
wondered if he were not the evil influence.
He was too smartly attired and in appear-
ance resembled in no way the desirable
young men of Martinsville. She noted his
hands were more immaculate than many a
girl’s. Obviously his speculations did not
involve manual labor. Then he must be
very keen of wit. Her prejudice against
him grew. She did not understand his queer
speeches; and what Martinsville did not
comprehend it condemned. Her upbringing
had been prim and precise. The noises, the
license of speech, the innumerable saloons
and other queer places she had glimpsed in
the short time she had been in the city were
entirely to her disliking.

  “I will be ready,” she told Goss, bowing
stiffly.

  After the door closed behind him she turned
on her brother fiercely and demanded—
“Just who is that man?”

  “Nathan Goss, and a good friend to me.”
“He calls himself a speculator. Just
what does he speculate in?”

  Ellis’ views on gambling had been the
same as hers until he had been in California
Gulch for a while. Alone with her the old
wholesome restraint returned sufficient for
him to be ashamed to name his friend’s occu-
pation. As he hesitated she read him as
easily as she had when she was the little
mother and detecting him in mischief.

“Just the truth, Frank,” she prompted.
“He’s a good fellow,” he blurted. “He’s
been good to me. Gave me courage when I
had none left. Gone out of his way to
help me.”

  “Just the truth, Frank,” she gently re-
peated, drawing him down on the arm of her
chair.
Pards

117

  “He’s a gambler,” he confessed. Then
  outly, “But an honest one.”

  “An honest gambler!” she muttered and
nosing her eyes from hopelessness and
dreariness. “My poor boy! You wandered
farther from Martinsville than I ever
guessed.”

CHAPTER VII

THE UNINVITED PLAYER

“f I 'OWN'S rather empty,” remarked Goss
as George Hall, proprietor of the El
Progresso saloon and grocery store, was
putting up the gambler’s order of foodstuffs.

  “It’ll soon fill up when the men come back
from Fair Play, California Gulch, Tarryall,
and the Blue River diggings. You’re new
to Canon City. Where you stopping?”
“Few miles down the river. Don’t ex-
pect to stay long. Ranch of my friend,
Ancient Day. Wish he’d come back. Sort
of jumped his place till he shows up.”

 “Old Ancient, eh? Queer customer.
Ought to be showing up any time. Feller in
from California Gulch couple days ago
spoke of him. Saw him and Joe Hasty—
most folks call Joe Big Bones—as they were
coming off Cottonwood creek. They’d been
in back somewhere and were about out of
grub. I’m glad Joe wasn’t having one of
his crazy spells. Sometimes he has streaks
when he believes the mountains are filled
with monsters.”

  What had been an animated discussion at
the bar now exploded in threats of violence.
Hall left the gambler and joined the group
of gesticulating men and pawed them aside
and cried:

  “Simmer down! Think this is the old Cri-
terion in Denver? Trying to talk with folks
in Pueblo?”

  “Nothing that walks on two legs can
stand afore me and say that Gineral Stone-
wall Jackson—” heatedly began an old
man with snow-white hair and youthful
glittering eyes.

  “Softly, grandpap,” soothed Hall. “Some
of you are for the North and some for the
South and all are welcome here till you
start fighting. Then you must quit this
shebang and find another battlefield. But
you’re all too sensible to start something
that’lL end in the kind of fighting that’s now
tearing up Kansas and Missouri. We all
know a guerrilla war in these mountains will
make an awful mess without helping North

or South. None of us want that. Think
what you want to, but softly, softly when it
comes to talking.”

  “But we’ve got word a bunch of rebs are
at Chandler’s on Chandler’s creek and are
bound for Texas,” cried a Union man.

  “What of it? If you want to fight them
join the army,” said Hall.

  “You don’t want them here,” added an-
other citizen, Dr. Reid. “Then why object
to their leaving the territory.”

  “You’re wishing them luck,” growled an-
other disgruntled citizen.

  “You all know where my sympathies
are,” warmly retorted the doctor. “I’ve
never covered anything up. Yet I set your
leg and you’re walking as well as ever.”
“That’s true, Doc. And come to think of
it you knew I was a Union man when you
patched my bones.”

  “And a few days ago he walked fifty
miles to doctor a man on the Greenhorn who
boasts of wanting to hang every secesh,”
added Hall.

  “Oh, Doc’s all right. If they was all like
him I’d never open my yap.”

  “If we all were like him there wouldn’t be
any war,” said another. And the quarrel
was smothered.

  Reid was very popular. He opened the
first drugstore in Canon City, building the
small stone house with his own hands. He
was wholeheartedly devoted to mending
sick folks. In his estimation a patient had
no politics. In turning to go the doctor re-
marked—

  “If you fellows feel so full-blooded'why
not hunt for Vicroy down on Hardscrabble
and bring him to book for passing bogus
gold dust?”

  “Good land! Let Vicroy alone,” loudly in-
sisted a drunken individual. “His dust was
about all the currency we had last winter—•
that and beaver and deer skins and veni-
son.”

  This brought a laugh and the bartender
set them up on the house. Hall returned to
the amused gambler and complained:
“Running this place at times is like work-
ing in a barrel of powder with a lighted
candle. Every time a fresh batch of war
news comes in the boys smell blood.”
“That way in all the camps. Still, there’s
mighty little fighting on account of the war.
Both sides know what’ll happen if Reb and
Yank ever getting to spilling blood. Any
games running?”
n8

Adventure

  “Not to amount to anything yet. A
month ago only six people here. But we’ll
brighten up a lot after the boys get back.
Feeling lucky?”

  “Just want to be doing something.”

  Hall cast a shrewd glance at the polished
boots and carefully fitted coat and lowering
his voice informed:

  “I can tell you where to find a game so
long as you ain’t fighting battles for North
or South. Those men making for Texas
aren’t at Chandler’s place yet. They’re
stopping less ’n two miles south of here on
Grape creek. Wild bloods, full of fight.
Two were in here and bought grub, whisky
and cards. All have dust. But probably
they won’t welcome any one not of their own
way of thinking.”

  “Thanks. I’m a fine thinker.”

  The door of the saloon flew violently open
and abruptly stopped the talking at the bar.
A small man with a bristling beard that sug-
gested the quilled coat of a hedgehog fairly
hurled himself over the threshold and across
the room to the group of drinkers. Goss
glimpsed two furtive forms just outside the
door and at first thought they had been
pursuing the newcomer. This belief was
dispelled as the men outside advanced
closer until the bar-rom light touched their
faces long enough for him to recognize them
as Ancient Days and the man he had known
as Big Bones. As if wishing to avoid recog-
nition they stepped out of the lane of lights
and did not enter.

  The little man sounded an inarticulate
cry of disgust and slammed a heavy bag on
the bar and announced:

  “Everlasting fortune gone to ——! It’s
no good. Can’t do a thing with it?”

  Hall nudged Goss and whispered:
“Gabriel Bowen from the oil springs a
few miles down the river. Been bragging
all summer about owning a pure lead mine.
Fussed with it mighty mysterious all the
season. Some of the boys tried to trail him
but never learned anything except it’s some-
where in Wet Mountain Valley.”

  He broke into a chuckle and nodded
toward the window, then said: “By God-
frey! I saw Ancient peeking in. Bet he’s
been following Bowen.”

  The white-haired man with southern
leanings was now demanding—

  “Meaning you ain’t got any mine?”
“Look at it!” snorted Bowen, pawing the
bag open. “Can’t do a thing with it. Any

one can see it oughter be pure lead. But
when I tried to melt it down for bullets it’s
too hard. I vow! I don’t know what we
poor miners are coming to when the stuff we
find plays such queer capers.”

  The bartender picked up a handful of the
exhibits and scratched a piece on the bar.
His verdict was—

 “No good. Harder’n--!”

  “And a season’s work thrown away and
me needing a grub stake!” wailed Bowen.
“Why, good land! I’ve counted on this stuff
as you’d depend on Denver-minted gold
pieces. Mister Hall, I’m in hard luck
again.”

  “The account is pretty long, Gabriel, but
I won’t see you starve,” assured the pro-
prietor. “You’d better go back to washing
out dust.”

  “We all oughter know what this stuff is,”
said the bartender. “Take it over to the
new assayer in the morning. It’ll be a big
satisfaction to learn what it is, now we know
what it ain’t.”

  “Ya-ah!” snarled Bowen. “After work-
ing all summer to be paid by being told some
finnefied name of worthless ore. George,
I’m going to sell that mine to you for fifty
dollars’ worth of grub. “Then hopefully—
“Mebbe there’s diamonds in it.”

  Hall shook his head firmly and re-
plied :

  “Mining isn’t my business. Most the
paying mines are lost mines and Ancient
Days will locate all of those. The rest are
mostly holes in the ground that you can’t
even use for wells. I’d rather have you owe
me fifty dollars more than to own your
mine, Gabriel.”

  Goss stepped to the bar and examined
several pieces of the ore. Bowen eyed him
eagerly and urged:

  “Another may find a fortune where I’ve
lost out, friend. I’m in sore need of fifty
dollars besides George’s extra credit. I’ll
put down on paper just how to find that
mine or take you to it for fifty dollars.”

  “I am a gambler. I know nothing about
ores,” said Goss. “But fifty dollars will
never make or break me. If Hall vouches
for you I’ll pay fifty for the claim. We
won’t make a secret of it. If any of these
gentlemen want to work it before I get
around to it they are perfectly welcome.
I'll leave the money with Mr. Hall. He’ll
give it to you after you’ve written down
directions for finding the spot.”
Pards

119

  The men laughed, amused at the sugges-
tion any of them at the end of the season
would waste time on Bowen’s secret lode,
the bartender did not join in the mirth,
however. He rather resented Goss’ su-
perior clothes and shiny boots. He per-
sisted :

  “Better take it over to the new assayer.
He’s a hellion at finding out things about
rocks.”

BOWEN fingered his bristling
beard and stared undecided at
the black lumps. As he gazed he
saw visions, like a crystal gazer.
His hopes danced before his eyes in con-
crete pictures. The pieces of ore took on
facets and radiated blue and white lights.
With a deep breath he mumbled:

  “Thanks, friend. Don’t think I’ll sell. If
it should be diamonds I’d feel cheap to
have sold a mountain of them for fifty
dollars.”

  And he hurriedly began replacing the ore
in the bag.

  Goss asked for beer and invited the com-
pany to name their preference, and after
finishing his glass stepped outside.

  Close by, but hidden by the thirty foot
bank, flowed the Arkansas. In infinite
space overhead burned the stars, vivid as
tiny suns. The light was sufficient for the
gambler to detect a figure slipping around
the corner of the building. He quickly
turned the opposite corner and came upon
two men standing by a window.

  “It’s Nate Goss, Ancient. I saw you and
Hasty through the door. I wish to have a
word with you.”

  “You know me but I don’t know you,”
spoke up Hasty.

  “Good gracious, Joe! If it ain’t Goss, the
card player. Who’d thought we’d ever
meet down here. Shake hands with him,
Joe. He’s all right. And, Goss, my friend
is one of the best men ever in the moun-
tains. I met him down the valley from
California Gulch.” And he poked his fist
sharply into Goss’ ribs. “Now let’s step
aside but keep near enough to watch this
place. You can talk before Joe. No
secrets from him.”

  Hasty accepted Goss as a stranger and the
gambler said—

  “I’m glad to-meet you, Bones.”

  “Look here, mister. You’re gitting ac-
quainted too fast,” warned Hasty. “Only

friends can call me that, and they know I
don’t like it.”

  Ancient poked Goss for the second time
and explained—■

  “It’s a foolish nick name Joe don’t take
to.”

  “I’m not against nicknames as a rule, but
I don’t like that one,” said Hasty. “It
sounds foolish.”

  “I’ll remember, Mr. Hasty. Now sup-
pose we walk over in front of Dr. Reid’s
drug store.”

  As they crossed the street Ancient Days
kept glancing over his shoulder, and mur-
mured:

  “It’s that Gabe Bowen. He’s located
something rich and we allow to be close to
the discovery claim.”

  “His lead mine is a joke. He doesn’t
know what he found, but it isn’t lead. He’s
very much discouraged,” informed Goss.
“Offered to sell it for fifty dollars, then de-
cided to have it assayed. But there’s noth-
ing there for you to trail.”

  “I’ll be derned!” grunted Ancient. “We’d
done better, Joe, to have saved our feet in-
stead of following him.”

  “Season’s too late for us to stay out much
longer. We’ll happen around at the assay-
er’s place in the morning. You two have
your pow-wow while I fill and smoke.”

  He walked close to the lighted window
and whittled a pipe of tobacco. Goss
abruptly began—■

 “You know your ranch down the
river?”

  “Ought to, seeing it’s mine. Joe’n me
are going down there soon. He got his
senses back about fifteen miles down the
Arkansas, or about the spot where he was
took by the spell that made him hunt cover
in California Gulch. He don’t remember
anything about being in the gulch. That’s
why he don’t remember you.”

  “That ranch you own. It’s occupied.”
“Like —-— it is!” fiercely cried Ancient,
sucking in his breath with a hissing sound.
“I still carry a long knife in my boot. I’ll
go down and see the dadbusted claim
jumper.”

  “Two of them,” continued Goss. “I
sent them there. It’s the Singing Pilgrim
and his sister. He’s in trouble and keeping
out of sight. The girl came unexpectedly
from the east.”

  For nearly a minute Ancient was speech-
less.
120

Adventure

  “The Pilgrim!” he finally exclaimed.
“And he’s got a sister.”

  “Young woman. Rather pleasing to look
at. But not used to the country, nor our
ways. You see it’s like this.”

  And he briefly explained the. cause of
Ellis’ flight from the gulch. In concluding
he said:

   “Some one killed Skillings, but Ellis didn’t.
The Rabbit knows who did, but won’t tell.
Ellis and his sister haven’t much money.
Your place seemed a good one for them to
stay on through the winter. By spring the
Skillings killing will be forgotten and the
Pilgrim can try to work out of cap and get
hold of a stake before taking his sister back
east.”

  It was nearly a minute before Ancient
spoke. Then he said—

  “You figure they won’t be looking for him
next season?”

   “I feel very sure.”

  “Mighty thoughtful of you to send them
down to my place. Joe’n me will look up
another place.”

  “And you’re busted of course?”

  “Of course. But George Hall’s a pretty
good feller. He’ll grub-stake us, and now
Joe’s got back his wits we’ll soon be in bo-
nanza. Never was such a cuss as Joe to
hound down rich diggings, tie ain’t hit
anything rich yet along of his crazy spells,
but he’s got it in him. Feel sure the Pil-
grim won’t be troubled next season?”

  “Very sure, if he keeps close this winter.
Fetched him down here from Denver where
they were looking for him.”

  “-! As close as that? You’d s’pose

they’d give a man a present for killing that
skunk. By all means tell him to stay on
the ranch and to keep close. And Goss, if
any trouble should come to him sort of un-
expected, I’d take it kindly if you’d git word
to me.”

  “He’ll be all right. But why not sell that
ranch to me. I’ll buy and give you a
chance to buy it back. What’ll you take
for it?”

  “Well, now! Well, now!” excitedly cried
Ancient. “That’ll be fine for me ’n Joe.”
Then regretfully:

  “But it isn’t stocked or nothing. Just a
stout log cabin and some land. I found the
cabin deserted and took it over. Built on
another cabin and cut a door through.
Jesse Frazer lives a mile below me, He says
farming will pay. But I dunno. Grass-

hoppers and everything. I ain’t no farmer
that’s a fact. Frazer says it’s good orchard
country, but I don’t believe it. Still my
place is worth something. Land’s good as
Frazer’s and he’s raised vegetables and
Mexican corn, and did his first plowing with
a forked cottonwood. I’ve told you all I
know about the place. Make me an offer.
But mind you, the young folks are welcome
to stay as long as they like and I’d love to be
with ’em.”

  “Of course. I understand. But with you
and Joe there it might be crowded. The
young lady will feel better if only her
brother is around. I’ll give you six hundred
for it. You can buy it back for that price
after they’re through with it.”

  “Time they’re through with it I’ll be
buying a stone house in Denver with all the
eastern fixings. Joe’n me have planned all
that out,” warmly replied Ancient. “And
Goss, you are the handsomest man I ever
saw. Even with your back to the light you
look like a tall angel. How long do you
opine it’ll take you to find that six hun-
dred?”

  “Just long enough to go inside the store
and borrow paper, pen and ink.”

  “Hooray! Thank —-—■ and Nate Goss,
Joey! We’re going to eat!”

  Hasty quickly advanced. Ancient ex-
plained:

  “Just struck a small pocket I’ve been
overlooking. Come along and see what the
first pan runs.”

  “We’ve been living on smoking tobacco
for the last day’n a half, mister,” informed
Hasty as he put up his pipe and eagerly ac-
companied the two into the store.

  Dr. Reid supplied paper and ink and the
transaction was soon recorded and witnessed
by the doctor. He did not know Goss and
glanced at his boots and clothes rather scep-
tically as he congratulated:

  “I’m glad to see our young men go in for
land. Frazer is already setting out fruit
trees and the valley will soon be producing
what the mountains require.”

   “Nate is one of the slickest card players in
Colorado,” proudly informed Ancient Days.

  “I’m sure he’ll find crops and fruit grow-
ing and a dairy herd a much better invest-
ment in the long run,” politely replied the
doctor.

  Goss was slightly perturbed by the
speech. He was recalling Governor Evans’
remark, overheard in the Broad well House
Pards

121

when his excellency had characterized
gambling as a phase, something transient.
Less directly Dr. Reid had said the same
thing. After the three had returned to the
street Goss sternly told his companions—
“If either of you ever meet up with the
Pilgrim or his sister you needn’t mention
that I ever play cards.”

  “Hiding your light under a basket,”
sniffed Ancient. “Such a thing as a man
being too modest. But what you say goes.
Now we’ll go to Hall’s and see if we can
make Pike’s Peak hear us hoot.”

   “It’s a winter’s grubstake. Don’t throw
your money away,” Goss said, but having
little faith in the restraining influence of his
warning.

  “I’ll watch over him,” grufBy assured
Hasty. “He sha’n’t make a fool of himself
this time. Ancient, you hand over half that
money. We’ll drink t’other half.”

   “You’re hard not to trust me, Joey,” re-
buked Ancient. “I’m dividing it in the
dark.” And he halted long enough to
separate the gold and script into two por-
tions.

* ON ENTERING the saloon Goss
A excused himself from partaking of
Ancient’s treat and lost no time in
paying for the provisions. Since
giving Ellis money at Twin Lakes he had
purchased two horses for himself and
Euclid and had insisted on Ellis accepting a
second loan the night they departed from
Denver. These expenditures and loans,
added to the six hundred dollars paid for
the ranch, left considerably less than a
thousand dollars out of the two thousand
dollars he had possessed on the eve of leav-
ing California Gulch.

  The two thousand had been his reserve
-fund. When he took from it he was un-
easy until it was restored. His vocation
called for capital. He never played so
shrewdly and successfully, he believed, as
when having ample funds. He considered
it to be imperative that he increase his capi-
tal at once. He spoke again to Hall about
the miners camping on Grape Creek.

  “They’re wild-looking fellows. Showed
plenty of dust in paying for their grub and
whisky. From their talk I could see they
had hit it rich. One of the best crowds in
the world for you to keep away from. In
the morning they’ll ride across to Chan-
dler’s Creek, avoiding the valley road.”

  “Thanks. I’ll leave my supplies here and
call for them in the morning. If I forget to
come back send them down to Ancient’s
ranch. By him or Frazer or any of the
neighbors.”

  “Now you know better than to do this,”
remonstrated Hall. “You’re too likely a
young man to hurry yourself into, a hole in
the ground or into Grape Creek. I’m mighty
sorry I mentioned those fellows.”

  “That’s the best bet on the table,”
heartily agreed Goss. “Good night.”

  He was through the doorway, unheeding
Ancient Days’ pleading that he tarry for just
one snifter. He had left his horse hitched
in front of the stone house, one hundred feet
long, built by Majors and Russell in the
flush days before the war and when Canon
City could boast of a larger stock of
goods than could be found even in Den-
ver.

  He was soon clear of the town, the few
lighted houses, and those silent and empty.
The Utes’ fire on Signal Mountain had
burned out. He forded the river and took
the Wet Mountain Valley path that led
through the Grape Creek canon.

  Matured in the Wet Mountain Valley and
garnished with the wild vines that give its
name Grape Creek has conquered the red
rocks and takes its ease between gently
sloping hills as it nears the Arkansas. Under
the starlight Goss could discern the shape of
these hills clothed with stunted spruce and
pinon, as he rode up the creek.

  There were stretches of grass, and where
the soil was thin and poor there were the
sharp points of bush cactus. But the
gambler’s thoughts were not on the beauties
of the starlit hills as he slowly rode, search-
ing ahead for a light and listening for sounds
of a carousal.

  He halted on hearing the dull report of a
pistol. After a few minutes of waiting
without the ominous sound being repeated,
he rode on. Rounding a curve in the trail
he came in sight of two yellowish blurs of
light and knew his journey had ended. He
dismounted and led his horse forward until
he could make out the squat outlines of a
log house. Th rowing the reins over the
low-hanging branch of a spruce he recon-
noitered one of the lighted windows.

  That there was no tragedy attached to
the pistol shot was evidenced by the strains
of “Dixie” coming through the glassless
window. Also he could hear a man talking
122

Adventure

loudly and an angry man was swearing vig-
orously. Some distance from the house he
halted and studied that portion of the room
framed by the window. He could see the
head of a man sitting at a table, facing the
window. Closer to the window was a man’s
back, who was picking up cards.

  Satisfied the shot was a bit of high spirits
and that he was not stumbling on to a
homicide, the gambler returned to the path
before the house and gave a hail.

  The talking stopped instantly and he
heard what he believed to be a rifle barrel
sliding over the window sill. Then a voice
demanded—

  “Who’s out there?”

  “A wanderer looking for entertainment.”
  “If there’s only one, come in. If there’s

more’n one, ride like-.”

  “I’m alone. I’m coming in,” announced
Goss, feeling of his left sleeve holster and its
deadly derringer.

  He threw open the door and stood on the
threshold and bowed to several men.

  “I heard the sound of singing,” he said as
the occupants stared at him in silence.

  “I am the songster,” announced the man
at the head table, and he shook back long
black hair that fell to his shoulders and
gazed sharply at the newcomer.

  Goss decided he had never seen a more
reckless visage. The expression of wildness
was intensified by a scar that extended from
from the bridge of the nose to the chin. In
healing it had puckered the left eyelid and
gave a peculiarly sinister cast of counte-
nance. This individual shuffled the cards
expertly, and in a soft, musical voice in-
quired—

  “How many brave lads ride after you?”
“None ride after me or with me. I ride
alone,” replied Goss.

  “You’re bound for Wet Mountain Val-
ley?”

  “I am more anxious to find card trouble,”
confessed Goss. “I shall ride till I find it.”
“You are properly outfitted?” continued
the musical voice.

  “I have nearly a thousand. I wish to in-
crease it.”

  “It isn’t much, but it will help. Close
the door. Your travels have ended. Take
a seat.” And he nodded to a small soap box.
“My name is De Louge.”

  “I’m Nathan Goss.”

  “Gambler?”

  “A square one.”

  “You’re welcome till your money’s gone.
We’re playing twenty-five limit, all jacks.
When only two hands are fighting the limit
can be lifted by mutual agreement. You’ll
learn the rest of our names as fast as you
can remember them.”

  Goss seated himself at De Louge’s left,
making six at the rough table. One man
was snoring heavily in a corner and another
was wild drunk near the fire. The latter
was waving a revolver. De Louge, noting
the gambler’s gaze dwelling on the drunken
man, explained:

  “He’s harmless. Fired his gun into the
chimney. Hasn’t any more loads. Show
color.”

  Goss placed a handful of gold and a roll of
paper money before him and received cards.
With scarcely a glance at his hand he passed.
The man on his left opened, and he quicklv
discovered none of the players was under
the influence of liquor sufficiently to play
recklessly. One round of play gave him
some idea of each player’s temperament
and he found his interest centering on the
man opposite. This man crowed like a
rooster and boasted of his skill as if wishing
to irritate his companions in reckless bet-
ting. The money heaped before him showed
he had been a heavy winner. As he raked
in a small pot he taunted:

  “If you’d had nerve to raise me back,
any one of you, I’d dropped. I didn’t have
anything. Makes me laugh to see you boys
dig for cover the minute I open my yawp.”
“Play your cards and stop your foolish-
ness, Burt. When you lose you’ll be ugly
enough. And lose you will before the
night’s- over. No man can hold such a
streak for long.” This from the man at the
end of the table on Goss’ left.

  Burt laughed loudly and warned:

  “Next time I’m going to take the rest of
your pile, Seth. Luck’s with me. Can’t
stop me. Make it every time I draw, or else
bluff you out of it.”

  On the next hand Goss passed. The man
beside him, called “Snap,” and opened the
pot for five dollars. Seth sullenly entered.
The next man threw down his cards and
with an oath quit the table and seated him-
self on the floor with a whisky bottle be-
tween his legs.

  “Joey’s cleaned out like he was when he
come to the mountains,” exulted Burt.
Then he held up two cards and announced—
“Four spots, each.”
Pards

123

  And he placed them face up on the table
and challenged—“Hundred on the side I
beat any three card draw.”

  De Louge gently deposited his hand on
the discard and murmured—

  “You’ve made most of your winnings on
side bets, Burt.”

  Goss pushed a hundred in gold to one side
and murmured—

  “I’ll try you.”

  De Louge appeared to be pleased and re-
minded—

  “Newcomers always spoil winner’s luck,
Burt.”

  Burt crowed defiantly and repeated—
  “Nothing can stop me tonight.”

  “Play the game,” growled Seth.

  Goss made it the limit to draw cards.
Snap, who had opened, hesitated, then de-
cided to stay. Seth swore violently and
dropped out. Burt jeered him for a few
seconds, then lost his grin and stared bale-
fully at Goss, but could read nothing in the
expressionless face. He hesitated for a
moment, then decided:

  “Twenty-five more to draw cards. My
luck’s with me tonight.”

  Goss, holding a pair of aces, promptly
raised back. Snap shrilly protested.

“It’s a cutthroat game! Can’t even git
a chance to draw. Tens and nines opened.”
“And you didn’t have guts to play them
against a pair of four,” sneered Burt, push-
ing in his money but refusing to raise back.

  “I ain’t scared of you, Burt Damon!”
yelped Snap. “It’s this new feller who ain’t
fool enough to show his cards.”

  Burt leaned forward, waiting for the gam-
bler to draw. He drew a deep breath of
relief when Goss called for three cards, and
informed:

  “Of course I knew you had me beat at the
go-in, but I’m a hoss on the draw.”

  Goss did not look at his cards but stacked
them on his pair, while his half-closed eyes
watched Burt who snatched at each card
greedily and could not hide his exultation on
beholding the third.

  Goss glanced at his hand and an-
nounced—•

  “Pot’s yours.”

  And he shoved his hand into the discard.
“Scared out!” angrily yelled Burt, throw-
ing down his hand face up.

  He had caught a third four. Then he
reached out his hand to examine Goss’
cards. The gambler caught his wrist with

his left hand and with his right deftly mixed
the cards.

  “I dropped,” he reminded.

  Burt made no effort to release his wrist,
but the whites of his eyes were very con-
spicuous as he stared into the dark face of
the gambler. DeLouge had watched the
two with his thin lips twisted up on one side
As Goss released his hold Burt hoarsely
panted—

  “—— you! You placed hands on me!”
“Play the game. When I stick you can
see my cards—not when I drop.”

  Burt rested an elbow on the edge of the
table and his chin in his hand and slowly in-
formed—

  “I’ll look at the next hand you drop if I
happen to be curious.”

  “Play cards,” curtly replied Goss. “When
we reach that hand we’ll discuss it.”

  DeLouge shook with silent laughter.
Seth of the sullen face complained:

  “No one can beat Burt. Making good on
a pair of fours!”

  And he sought to relieve his disgust by
resorting to the whisky.

 DeLouge chuckled—

  “Now you’re driving your luck up the
chimney by growing angry.”

  Seth’s sour face grew more animated at
this suggestion. Burt slowly assured:
“When my luck takes a turn it takes a
turn. When it does it’ll be worse luck for
some one else.”

THERE followed several rapid
plays with Goss and Burt clashing
in two of them. Seth exulted:
“He’s hogged a big hole in your
pile, Burt. He’s busted your luck into
smithereens. Now we other fellers stand
a show of getting some good cards.”

  Burt wet his dry lips and glanced stonily
at his depleted winnings. The man at the
fireplace now reeled to the table, snapping
his empty revolver and took a position be-
hind Burt. It was DeLouge’s deal, and
Goss passed after glancing at his cards and
refused to play when Burt opened. On his
own deal he dropped out without taking
cards. With his winnings savagely eaten
into and with his only successful opponent
refusing to play two hands running Burt
muttered under his breath. Goss had re-
covered his losses and had added some seven
hundred dollars to his pile. When he refused
to play the second time Burt told him:
124

Adventure

  “So that’s your game! Waiting for a sure
thing. You don’t like to take chances. Just
come in when you’ve got them all, eh?”
“That would be safe poker playing,”
mumbled Goss as he picked up the hand
dealt by Snap.

  Seth groaned on finding openers and
opened against his inclination. Burt
promptly raised for cards. DeLouge stayed,
as did Goss. Snap threw down his hand
and announced he had had enough and,
gathering up what remained of his money,
quit the game, standing while he completed
his deal.

  Goss shifted his box down the table to
have more room and called for one card,
standing on three tens and a queen. He
picked up a queen. Seth dropped his hand
and retired from the table.

  “I’ll play these,” announced Burt.
DeLouge hesitated and hummed a bit of
the old love song under his breath and
whimsically remarked—

  “Probably cutting open another dog.
One card.”

  Seth started the play for five dollars.
Burt promptly raised the limit. DeLouge
did likewise. Goss stayed. Burt grinned
triumphantly and raised the limit again,
and eagerly suggested:

  “What about the three of us lifting the
limit?”

  “Not on your-luck,” murmured De-
Louge, seeing the raise.

  “And twenty-five more,” announced Goss. ■
  “To you!” cried Burt.

  DeLouge leaned back and examined his
cards, shook his head and carefully slipped
his hand into the discard and sorrowfully
informed—

  “Gentlemen, I am burying the rottenest
set of threes I ever held.”

  “And twenty-five,” said Goss.

  “To you. What about wiping out the
limit?” demanded Burt.

  “I have about fifteen hundred dollars in
front of me. Bet up to that.”

  “By ——•! At last I’ve cut your comb,
mister man, who don’t want folks to see his
hand!”

  And with feverish haste he pushed for-
ward his money and, without waiting to see
Goss’ hand, he crowed shrilly and threw
down four nines and an ace and started to
rake in the pot.

  The tipsy man behind him laughed loudly
and cried—

“Here’s some you’re forgetting, Burt.”
And he unsteadily thrust a hand into the
man’s lap and picked up three cards. In the'
few moments of dramatic silence he cheer-
fully explained—

  “You dropped ’em, Burt, when the
stranger was shifting his box to git more
room.”

  Goss spread out his cards and with a
quick movement of his left hand and arm
drew the money to his side of the table.

  DeLouge kicked back from the table,
the scar on his face growing livid. Burt
screamed like a wild animal and leaped to
his feet, at the same moment drawing a
bowie knife from his boot. Before a hand
could be raised to stay his bloody purpose
he plunged the weapon into the side of the
grinning drunken man, killing him on his
feet. Almost in the same second he wheeled
and with uplifted knife lunged across the
table to stab Goss. The gambler’s hand
plucked the derringer from his left cuff and
fired as the man was almost upon him.

  “What doings are these?” yelled Seth,
glaring wild-eyed at Burt, sprawled across
the table, shot between the eyes, and then
at the murdered man on the floor.

  DeLouge’s lips crept up on one side, dis-
closing his teeth.

  “This must be settled here,” he hoarsely
whispered, and his hand sank to his belt.

  Goss shifted the derringer to his left hand
and covered DeLouge while he drew a heavy
gun with his right. Standing, he an-
nounced :

  “I protected myself. He is still clutching
the knife he used in one murder. Keep your
hand from that gun, DeLouge!”

  For a bit only the snores of the drunken
sleeper and the deep breathing of Seth and
Snap disturbed the quiet of the room.
Then DeLogue softly said—

  “You and your hatchet-face! We were
peaceful and friendly till you came. We
were pards. We came to Colorado to-
gether. We were going home together.
Now two of us have been wiped out.”

  “I’m going,” announced Goss, turning
over the soap box without removing his gaze
from DeLouge. With his foot he moved
the box under the edge of the table and
pawed the gold and paper money into it.

  “I’m going, DeLouge. The first move
made to stop me will kill you. Your friend
stole his hand from the discard. I held the
winning hand. He has killed a man and I
Pards

125

saved my life by killing him. I’m going,
DeLouge. It depends on you if there’s to be
more killings.”

  He began slowly backing to the door,
pushing the box behind him with his foot.
As he maneuvered thus his widely opened
eyes seemed to be watching the three men,
although his gaze was concentrated on
DeLouge.

  The box was shoved to one side and his
free hand reached behind him and opened
the door. DeLogue, bending slightly for-
ward, his twisted lips snarling more broadly,
waited for the second when the gun barrel
should waver. But the gambler never
ceased his cat-like watchfulness as he hooked
a foot into the box and worked it over the
threshold.

  DeLouge’s distorted lips wrinkled as he
saw the climax almost upon him. For an
instant his fierce eyes darted a glance at the
square opening that served as a window, and
he was prepared to attack the instant the
gambler followed the box and closed the
door.

  But Goss halted in the doorway and com-
manded—

  “Seth, come here.”

> “Stay where you are,” ordered DeLouge.

  “Come her with hands up, or I’ll shoot
DeLouge and then shoot you.”

  “For-’s sake go, Seth!” shrilly begged

Snap.

  “The man’s bluffing. He doesn’t want
any more shooting,” said DeLouge. But he
did not again countermand the gambler’s
order.

  Seth unwillingly advanced to the door-
way, his hands high above his head. Goss
spun him about and with his free hand
ripped a gun from his belt and tossed it
into the darkness behind him. Then he
warned:

  “If you people want more bloodshed you
shall have it. I won fair against a cheat. I
killed a murderer to escape from being mur-
dered. Step backward, Seth, and pick up
that box.”

  The man obeyed, and when he stood up
with the box in his hands Goss stood be-
hind him, the revolver resting on his shoul-
der and always covering DeLouge. But the
latter was patient. His attack could not be
initiated until the door closed. Then he
would leap to the window and commence

shooting. But the door was left open and
he was left framed in the light while the two
men backed away into the darkness.

  With a yell of rage DeLouge started for
the door. The gambler fired, the bullet
whistling unpleasantly close to the infuri-
ated man’s head and bringing him to a halt.

  Seth howled as the explosion deafened
him and he all but dropped the box. En-
tirely reckless of the consequence to himself
or his companion DeLouge whipped out a
gun and began firing into the darkness. But
Goss now had Seth by the collar and was
directing his steps down the creek to where
he had left the horse. Nor did the man
need any prompting now that DeLouge was
raking the darkness with first one gun and
then another.

  They came to the horse and Goss com-
manded—

  “Make for the cabin and step fast.”

  Seth started running and jumping from
side to side as if he were a visible target,
and he kept crying—•

  “Don’t shoot, DeLouge! It’s me! Don’t
shoot, DeLouge! It’s me!”

  Mounting and holding the box before him
Goss rode down the creek path. Behind
him cracked guns, rifles now being used as
well as revolvers, but the lead was sent by
guess. Passing the curve in the trail Goss
took time to stuff the money into his pockets
and drop the box.

  Realizing DeLouge’s desperate nature he
risked a fall and broken bones by covering
the next quarter of a mile more rapidly.
When he halted and listened he knew he was
not being followed by horsemen. Yet De
Louge was a determined man and could be
cruelly persistent. Goss had read him
quile correctly. He even believed DeLouge
mLgkt	Wtk to Canon City to look

for him. Therefore, on reaching the Arkan-
sas lie rode downstream until two miles be-
low the town before venturing to cross.
Then he traveled half a mile from the stream
and made a cold camp and sat hugging his
knees for the few hours before the east could
redden.

  “Won more’n two thousand,” he told
himself. “Cost two lives. A bit over a
thousand apiece. Price is too high.”

  The double tragedy shook his nerve.
Death had never intruded 011 one of his
games before.

TO BE CONTINUED
Skippers off

by Warm Etifflt CsMrn

' Author of “The Tangled Warp” “Sword Fishiri ”, etc.

ASHED to the wheel of the sword-
fishing schooner Pelamon, the
squat frame of Captain Dan Old-
ham dripped the salt water of
combers that crashed over the stern. The
seven men of his crew were bound to the
fore and mainmast ratlines, awaiting what
were likely to be the last moments of the
sturdy little fishing vessel.

  The West Indian hurricane had caught
the Pelamon unawares early that afternoon.
It came without warning other than a slight
drop in the barometer. It had suddenly
swept northward—a huge wave, followed
by a veritable tornado which brought with
it the heaviest seas Captain Dan had experi-
enced in a sailing career of over forty years.

  His brown eyes were wide, the severe
lines of his masterful, rotund face were grim
as an owl’s. It was a fighting face—yet,
on less serious occasions, it was as genial as
that of a boy, whom threescore years had
aged only by graying the sparse brown hair
a little and widening, somewhat, the plump
waistline.

  Nor did the men lashed to the ratlines
betray their fears by their facial expressions,
though terror must have crept into the hearts
of them. There was one who showed his
white teeth in mocking laughter, though it
was not wholly apparent whether it was
from diabolic mirth or hysteria.

  Most sober of all in the ratlines was the
big, broad-shouldered fellow in the blue
mackinaw. His heavy brows were con-
tracted, his square countenance was that
of a pugilist who is seeking an opening in
his antagonist’s defense.

  But there was no opening in the gale
through which the Pelamon could strike to
shake herself of its deadly embrace. So
suddenly had the hurricane swooped down
upon her, there had been no time to lower the
foresail which, providentially, was the only
rag up when the storm broke.

  As the great waves smashed down on her
stern, nosing her into a hollow and bearing
her quivering up on the crest of the suc-
ceeding comber, it seemed as if fate alone
prevented her from diving into a huge sea
and never coming up. If a wave should
crash down full on her deck it would swamp
her like a lobster pot. The men lashed to
the ratlines were well aware of this; Captain
Dan expected it to happen momentarily.

  But, fighter that he was, deep in his stub-
born heart there was hope—hope that came
from prayers that had been answered on
similar, though less arduous occasions. Oc-
casionally his lips moved.

  In the ratlines they were pointing to
port. On the crest of a comber Dan looked
in that direction. He glimpsed the shadowy
form of a two-masted schooner, running
Skippers off Georges

127

with main and foresails up, traveling like a
flying Dutchman downwind. A driving rain
was now starting in, and to the turmoil of
wind and wave was added darkness, which
deepened rapidly into the chaos of night, al-
though it was mid-afternoon. Chaos—that
described it. It was as if the Pdamon
and her crew were whirling through space,
through an infinite void of endless water,
bottomless, interminable.

  The neighboring schooner disappeared in
the downpour which followed. Not even
the flash of chain lightning which pierced
the gloom marked her position again to
Dan’s anxiously watching eyes. He knew
that vessel was in a worse fix than the Pd-
amon; lucky she would be if her flapping
mainsail did not contribute toward founder-
ing her. He had not seen enough of her to
know what type of schooner she was. But
he was reasonably sure she was not a
swordfisherman, for swordfishermen off the
Lightship usually use a riding sail instead of
a mainsail. But whatever she was, she was
in a bad way—a decidedly bad way.

  Through the hurricane, which increased in
violence as night came slowly, the Pdamon
wallowed. Wallowed like a seal, her fore-
sail giving her just enough steerage way for
her skipper to hold her hove-to and avoid
the deadly trough of the waves which, had
she ever drifted into them broadside, would
surely have swamped her.

  Toward night the wind worked around to
the northward. Captain Dan, wearily taking
his buffeting at the wheel, noted the change
of wind with another fervent prayer—this
one a prayer of thanksgiving. For, in spite
of the cold which chilled him to the bone,
he knew that the worst of the hurricane was
over, that the gale which had had its birth
on the equator must succumb to the counter
current from the arctic, much as a native of
tropical climes must sooner or later surrender
to the chill of the ice fields if he attempts
to combat it in equatorial attire.

  It was a little after seven by the nickel
watch in the binnacle when Dan cut him-
self loose from his lashings. The sea still
ran high and the wind and rain howled and
drummed. But the storm was spent. It was
now little more than an ordinary blow.

  The men who came on deck from the rat-
lines made a hasty inspection of the Pdamon,
Captain Dan joining them. Ike Crowe held
the wheel. They found everything intact—
no leak, no sign of sprains from stem to stern

in the stanch schooner’s Maine-built hull.
Even the sorely tried foresail had held.

  “Thank the Lord!” piously exclaimed
Captain Dan, repairing with the others to
the forecastle, where they assiduously ran-
sacked the cook’s supply of doughnuts, bis-
cuits, and cold corned beef.

  “Did ye sight that schooner, Skipper?”
asked Mel Frost, the square-faced giant in
the blue mackinaw, sitting on the bench
which surrounded the interior of the fore-
castle, a mug of cold tea in one hand and a
partly gnawed doughnut in the other.

  “She’s in for a hard time of it,” com-
mented Captain Dan, stuffing the greater
part of a biscuit into his capacious mouth.
“Did ye git a good look at her, Mel?”

“She looked to me like a swordfisherman
turned into a coaster,” answered Mel, bolt-
ing the remain der of the doughnut. ‘ ‘Looked
to me a good ’eal like the Eva Thomas.”
“The Eva Thomas/” exclaimed the skipper.

“What the-would she be doin’out here?”

  “What d’ye s’pose she’d be doin’ any-
where?” retorted Mel. “With that fool
Oliver Thomas skipperin’ her? Why, she’d
be blowed out o’ her course. An’ that’s how

I	account f’r sightin’ her. Cap’n Oliver, I
calc’late, started from New York for Boston,
an’ was headed for o’ Muskeget Channel in-
stead o’ goin’ through the Sound.”

         UNDER ordinary circumstances
Captain Dan would have been
the the first to identify the Eva
'"Tl T“''' Thomas. For, only last year, at
the close of an unsuccessful swordfishing
season, the Pdamon had collided with the
Eva in a fog outside Boston harbor. Al-
though the collision was, to all appearances,
wholly accidental, Captain Oliver Thomas
claimed it was Dan’s fault, and he and
his father, Captain Ira Thomas, owner of
the Eva, brought suit against him.

  To the amazement of seafaring men,
Captain Ira won, and collected three thou-
sand dollars damages from Dan. Coupled
with his unprofitable fishing trips of the past
six or seven years, this award almost ruined
Dan financially. He knew Captain Oliver
Thomas had lied in court, and that Captain
Ira’s crafty lawyers had trumped up the
charge of Captain Dan’s negligence, which,
they claimed, had caused the damage to the
two vessels. They didn’t tell how the Eva
had been condemned the previous year as
unseaworthy.
128

Adventure

  As a matter of fact, the Pelamon’s bow
had been crushed in almost as badly as the
Eva’s. Dap still owed the shipbuilders for
the repairs on his schooner which the col-
lision had necessitated. And if it hadn’t
been for Mel Frost, Captain Dan would
have gone under financially—that is, if his
swordfishing that summer had been as un-
profitable as that of the past six years.

  But this summer it looked as if the Pela-
mon would be the high-line schooner of the
entire swordfishing fleet. Already, on her
fourth trip of the season, one hundred and
sixteen swordfish carcasses were iced down
in her hold. Added to the five hundred and
eleven swordfish she had brought to the
Boston market on her three previous trips
that season, that trip would put her well
over the top for the honor which all fisher-
men covet, along with its splendid financial
reward.

  And Captain Dan did not keep Mel in
ignorance that he and not the skipper was
responsible for that season’s success. There
was a time—it began ten years ago—when
Captain Dan was repeatedly high-liner of
the New England swordfishing fleet. Then,
after reigning as high-liner for four years,
the Pelamon ceased to bring in the largest
catches. Strange that Dan had failed all
at once, for he had the same crew—with one
exception.

  And that exception, in the old crew he
had shipped prior to this summer, was the
very Captain Oliver Thomas with whom he
had collided at sea and in court a year ago.
Oliver was in the early twenties when he had
sailed with Captain Dan—a dull, unattrac-
tive chap, worthless as a fisherman. Cap-
tain Dan would never have shipped him
had not Oliver’s father, Captain Ira, been
one of Dan’s seafaring acquaintances.

  Captain Ira was well-to-do. Captain Dan
had been less fortunate. Easy-going and
kind-hearted, the skipper of the Pelamon
had never been able to save much money.
He trusted Captain Ira’s judgment in busi-
ness matters, often going to him for advice
and reciprocating by selling Ira his fish—for
Ira was a fish buyer as well as skipper, his
office was in Boston.

  So ten years ago, after Dan’s first crew
had given up seafaring and taken shore
jobs, Captain Ira obtained for Dan that
crew which until six years ago had made
him high-liner. It was a decidedly more effi-
cient crew than his first one from Freetown,

the Pelamon’s decadent southeastern Mas-
sachusetts home port. It was that second
crew which, ten years ago, had made Cap-
tain Dan high-liner of the fleet.

  Captain Dan shipped Oliver along with
the Pelamon’s second crew to please his
father. But Oliver was always in the way—
a pretentious, boastful cub who seemed to be
bent on having his own way regardless of
others. Dan stood him as long as he could
—exactly two seasons. Then he fired him,
and in his place shipped Mel Frost, then a
green, friendless Bluenose from Yarmouth,
Nova Scotia.

  The break between Captain Dan and
Captain Ira followed the discharge of Oli-
ver from the Pelamon. The two skippers
had never spoken to each other since that
memorable wordy battle—-which nearly re-
sulted in fisticuffs.

  The rise of Mel Frost, under Dan’s
and other skippers’ tutelage, from one
of the clumsiest swordfishermen to the
best all-round member of any crew in the
fleet is still discussed when schooners speak
one another off Georges and Grand Banks,
or their crews gather winter nights around
blazing wood fires ashore.

  How Mel did it, no one can definitely
fathom—except that he suddenly found
himself. At any rate, Mel stayed in Cap-
tain Dan’s crew two years, then left Dan
and shipped with other skippers. Two
years ago he surprized the fishing world
by purchasing Captain Thrasher’s schooner
Victory, shipping in her his own crew, and
straightway winning the honor of high-liner,
with great profit to himself and his ship-
mates. He had repeated that triumph the
following year

  But Mel traced his success to Captain
Dan’s interest in him in those days when
the successful Bluenose was only a green-
horn who was scarcely worth his salt. He
came to Captain Dan after the swordfish-
ing season the previous year and advised the
old skipper to discharge his crew. That was
after the Pelamon’s collision with the Eva.

  “It’s them fellers Captain Ira hired for
ye ten y’ars ago,” declared Mel, “who are
keepin’ yer profits down. They were be-
ginnin’ to do it when I shipped with ye the
fust time. Cap’n Ira has sworn he’d run
ye off the water. He’s payin’ your crew
what they’re losin’ by low shares. He’s
never gotten over havin’ Oliver turned back
on his hands.”
Skippers off Georges

129

  “But where can I git a new crew?” asked
Captain Dan.

  “That’s what I’ve come to see ye ’bout,”
answered Mel, “You’re short on funds,
but one y’ar o’ good fishin’ would put ye on
your feet. An’ you’d have no trouble
gittin’ a crew after that. So I’ve decided
to tie up the Victory f’r one season an’ give
ye her crew—includin’ me. I’ll welcome
the change; skipperin’ ain’t wholly to my
likin’. An’ money never had much at-
traction for me.”

  Mel and his crew, true to Mel’s word,
shipped in the Pelamon. They soon proved
that Captain Dan’s adversities were due to
something more than hard luck. Mel’s dead-
ly striking of the harpoon and the deftness
with which his crew handled ironed sword-
fish when they hauled them in dories—all
convinced Captain Dan that Mel was right.

  Mel had been intimate with Captain Ira,
too, when he was ashore. There was a
rumor that Ira wanted to buy the Victory.
But it was later said that Captain Ira had
behaved like a wild man when he was first
apprised of Mel’s sailing in the Pelamon.
Captain Ira had promptly signed Dan’s
second crew in his big beam trawler Cornier,
a huge steam craft which he owned in ad-
dition to the decrepit coaster Eva Thomas.
The Comber had been chasing mackerel that
summer off Georges. No doubt Captain
Ira was even more venomous than before,
since Dan bade fair to be high-liner.

  Captain Dan thought of all this during
the silence in the forecastle.

  “Mel,” he declared, rising and starting
toward the ladder to climb on deck and
study the weather, “without you I never,
never would ’a’ paid expenses. I ain’t
much more’n done that the last four years.”
“We’ll show Luke Carey what he missed,”
chuckled Mel good-humoredly. “He’ll wish
he’d stayed with me ’stead o’ signin’ up with

that-Captain Ira in the Comber.”

  For Luke Carey was the only one of Mel’s
crew who had dissented when he hauled up
the Victory and turned his crew over to Cap-
tain Dan.

II

“HARD aport! Hard aport!”
Down the jibstay slid Mel
Frost into the pulpit at the tip
of the Pelamon’s bowsprit. The
mastheader, “Shiny” Morton, had sighted
the curved dorsal fin of a swordfish basking

in the warm sunlight, the huge fish wallow-
ing lazily in the oily ground swell. The
other four men in the three crosstrees of the
tall foremast-head took up the masthead-
er’s cry, and at the wheel Captain Dan
hopped nimbly, getting the schooner down
on the unsuspecting quarry.

  Mel, his long-visored black cap pulled
down to shade his eyes in the glaring sun-
light, picked up the fifteen-foot harpoon
pole from the waist-high iron hand rail, and
lowered it slowly over the port side of the
bowsprit. On the downward-pointing tip
of the pole glinted the metal arrow-shaped
lily-iron harpoon, from which ran the
warp or harpoon line along the starboard
rail. Amidships was coiled the great length
of the warp, one hundred fathoms, its other
end fast to a black buoy-keg.

  “Steady!” shouted the men in the mast-
head.

  “Steady!” echoed Captain Dan, twirling
the wheel.

  Just then the swordfish seemed to scent
danger. It moved its tail in a graceful
spiral and shot along the surface like a
torpedo. There is only one deep-sea crea-'
ture that can travel with the speed of a
swordfish, and that is a porpoise. In an
actual race between the two, the sword-
fish would be championed by more than
one of the New England skippers who are
familiar with its terrific speed.

  If ever a swordfish traveled it was that
three-hundred-pounder for whose life blood
the crew of the Pelamon were thirsting. But
the agitated monster made one mistake—a
mistake that would have been insignificant
with anybody but Mel Frost in the pulpit.
It shaped its hurried course to starboard of
the Pelamon, with a safe margin of approxi-
mately thirty feet between it and the swing-
ing pulpit, which Captain Dan was just in
the act of bearing straight ahead.

The lily iron flashed as Mel brought the
pole up. With a quick motion his great
arms raised the pole like a javelin about to
be hurled. Only no javelin thrower ever
acted with his uncanny speed, ever took
such a hasty aim—at least, with any hope
of hitting the mark, however large, at which
the javelin was to be thrown.

  Out flew the pole, darting like a gunshot
at the V-shaped wake of a swordfish travel-
ing so fast that the scimitar-shaped fin cut-
ting the surface appeared to be a blurry
straight line of black. The men in the
130

Adventure

masthead watched breathlessly, observing
that either by instinct or sheer luck Mel had
miraculously timed the passage of the pole
through the air with due allowance for the
speed of its target. The pole nosed into
the water——

   “By ——• he’s got him!” burst out Shiny
 from the masthead.

   Bill Alden, the sleek cook, in white cap
 and apron, had come up from the fore-
 castle when Shiny first sighted the sword-
 fish, and was paying out the warp hand over
 hand.

  “A solid iron—firm as a rock!” he an-
nounced as he threw over the remaining
coils and the keg. “I’ve seen shots with
the pole, but never the likes o’ that one!”

   Mel, grinning with satisfaction, walked
 along the bowsprit to the fore deck, steady-
 ing himself by an overhead line. Ike Crowe
 was coming down the ratlines, for it was his
 turn to go out in a dory and haul the ironed
 fish.

  “By gum—that was beautiful, Mel!” the
skipper commended Mel proudly, as the big
striker walked aft. He was thinking of how
Mel had received his instruction in harpoon-
ing from him, and giving himself just a small
part of the credit for the remarkable shot.

  “’Twas luck,” declared Mel unassum-
ingly. “D’you mind if I haul him too,
Skipper?”

  “Mind? Lord sakes, Mel—you’re cap’n
o’ the Pdaman this trip,” consented Captain
Dan. “Any man who’s done for me what

you have, can do jest about as he -

 pleases, fur’s I’m concerned.”

   The skipper was holding the painter to the
 dory dragging astern. Mel jumped into
 the little boat, while Ike Crowe looked on,
 a littie piqued that Mel had taken the job
 of hauling the swordfish away from him.
 Captain Dan cast Mel the painter, and
 with long strokes the striker rowed out to
 the keg and picked it up.

   “Go out in the pulpit, Ike,” the skipper
 commanded Crowe. “You do the strikin’
 while Mel’s out.” For Crowe was Mel’s
 understudy.

   Crowe went into the pulpit, and Captain
 Dan opened the engine, sending the Pela-
 mon ahead in quest of more game. In the
 dory Mel was skilfully playing the sword-
 fish, while that agonized monster kept in
 deep water, moving rapidly in its struggling
 -and towing the dory behind it. As long as
 the fish stayed in deep water and kept in

motion, it would slowly drown itself. But

if it came to the surface--

  Mel began to haul in the warp more and
more rapidly. He backed toward the soli-
tary bow thwart, still pulling in the slack
line. Captain Dan swung the schooner,
encircling the fisherman out there alone in
the dory. For the slack line was a danger
signal. It meant that, unless the sword-
fish had torn itself loose from the iron, it
was charging the dory sword-first.

  Mel fell back, lost his balance, and
sprawled on the bottom of the dory. At
the same time the little boat rocked vio-
lently.

  “Christopher sakes!” exclaimed Captain
Dan. “Mel’s been punched—an’ unless
I’m mistaken, he’s hurt!”

  Toward the dory Captain Dan held the
Pelamon. He saw Mel rise slowly, then
sink down again. From the masthead of
the schooner the anxious crew scurried down
the ratlines. The cook ran aft.

  The skipper slowed down the engine as
the schooner drew up alongside the dory.
Ready hands hustled Mel aboard the Pela-
mon, and Captain Dan hurried amidships
to ascertain what had happened. Mel was
limping, supported on the stalwart arms of
Crowe and Pierre Houde. There was blood
around a rent in the right leg of his yellow
oilskin trousers.

  “Got me in the leg,” explained Mel to the
skipper, gritting his teeth gamely. “Tagged
me before I could git to the thwart.”

  “Take him below!” the skipper ordered
Mel’s supporters. “Mel—you hurt bad?”
“Not much, I calc’late,” replied the in-
jured man, while Crowe and Pierre helped
him into the forecastle. Captain Dan fol-
lowed them.

        FORTUNATELY, Mel’s wound,
although ugly, was not fatal, as
\	wounds in the leg have frequently

          proved to fishermen whom sword-
fish have punched. While Mel lay on a
bunk, the skipper treated the deep gash in
the calf muscles with iodine, during which
Mel did not even wince at the excruciating
pain. The sword, Mel explained, had pierced
the bottom of the dory diagonally, ripping
through his oilskin trousers and inflicting a
glancing rather than a full blow. If it had
hit his leg a full blow, it would have torn it
to shreds.

  “The only danger is that the pizen on that
Skippers off Georges

131

sword may git into yer system,” Captain
Dan declared after he had patched up the
leg as best he could. “That means you’ll
stay in yer bunk for a spell, and that we’ll
clear right away for Boston with what fish
we’ve got.”

  Mel’s eyes widened. “Clear for Boston?”
he exclaimed. “Why—you ain’t goin’ to
let a little thing like this upset yer plans, are
ye, Skipper? You’ll do nothin’ of the sort!
We ain’t got half a trip yet.”

  “We’ve got over a hundred,” said Captain
Dan, not reprimanding Mel for his insubor-
dinate words, since Mel had virtually been
commander on that trip. “How many
more d’you want?”

  “As many as we can git in another week’s
fishin’,” shot back Mel. “I went with ye
to make ye high-liner, skipper—an’ I won’t
be satisfied till I’m sure I’ve done it.”

  Captain Dan half turned away from the
bunk, a queer little smile wrinkling his
rather comical round face. There was grit
for you! A man injured by a swordfish—a
man who might have been killed outright—
refusing to be taken ashore.

  “I’m goin’ up on deck to take a look at
that punched dory,” the skipper told Mel,
“then I’ll be back.” He did not mention
running into Boston with their fish. Mel
lay back in his bunk and lighted his pipe,
and Captain Dan went up the ladder.

  The crew had hauled the body of the
swordfish on deck, together with the dory,
in the bottom of which the sword was so
firmly embedded that it could not be ex-
tricated handily. It was a sword over four
feet in length, and it was driven through the
woodwork clean to the gaping, toothless
mouth of the fish. Mel’s escape from be-
ing speared through the abdomen had been
a narrow one, indeed.

  “Look!” shouted Pierre, pointing to port.
Captain Dan’s eyes followed Pierre’s point-
ing arm. In the distance a good-sized
steam craft was approaching. A little haze
rose from the smooth surface of the ground
swell, through which the hulk of the single-
stacked oncoming craft showed less and less
distinctly. As far as the eye could reach,
dark blotches dotted the tranquil water,
which marked the presence of vast schools of
small mackerel and herring.

  But fog or no fog, Captain Dan had seen
enough of that craft to know that the hurri-
cane had not upset Captain Ira’s fishing
plans, and that he had ventured out, even

if the main body of the swordfishing fleet
had not shown up in that locality.

  “The Comber!” ejaculated Captain Dan.
“It’s bad enough to have the fog. But

Captain Ira an’ the fog too! An’ that-

Ira in a blunderin’ trawler that’s as danger-
ous as a liner in thick weather! -, these

waters are too small to hold us both! Git
up in the crosstrees, boys!” to the crew.
“We’re goin’ to run to the nor’ard!”

Ill

         ALL THAT night the fog shroud-

         ed the waters of Georges like a
§reat liquid curtain. On deck
>A»r’A| not even the riding lights were
visible. The 'constant drip-drip of water
from the rigging kept up monotonously; the
deck ran rivulets as in a rain. The watch
could not look through that solid mass of
demoniac vapor. He was forced to content
himself with listening for the warning blasts
from onrushing steamships, for the Pelamon
lay directly in the route of eastbound
transatlantic shipping.

  Mel had made light of his injured leg
during the early part of the evening, and in-
sisted on standing his watch with the others
of the crew. Mel seemed to be deeply
worried.

  “I calc’late Captain Ira’s goin’ to require
watchin’,” he told the skipper. “I don’t
like the idee o’ bein’ in his neighborhood, he
was so cut up ’bout me an’ my boys sailin’
with you.”

  “We’ve left him fur to the s’uth’ard,”
Captain Dan endeavored to quiet the in-
jured man. “An’ you’ll stand no watch,
Mel. That’s one order I won’t take from
ye.”

  But Captain Dan stood his watch—and
his mind was on the Comber. Intently he
listened for her weird, shrill whistle. All
around the Pelamon sounded the warning
blasts of passing Europe-bound steamers,
most of them far away. He listened to
each whistle, trying to fathom the course of
the steamer, so as to make sure that it was
not headed toward the Pelamon.

  One seemed to be headed in that direc-
tion. Twice it had whistled, the second
blast sounding considerably closer than the
first. Then came the third oo-oo-ooh! of
that lugubrious deep-throated voice to star-
board. Captain Dan rushed to the bin-
nacle and turned on the small electric light
132

Adventure

over the compass. With his finger on the
compass card he waited anxiously to locate
its course by the fourth blast.

  While he waited, another whistle sounded
—this one between the schooner and the
oncoming steamer. It was the piercing wail
of the Comber.

  “Oo-oo-ooh!” answered the steamer, al-
most from the exact spot whence the Comber
had whistled. East by north—that was the
steamer’s course—straight toward the Pela-
mon!

  The skipper raced to the forecastle slide,
which was open, and shouted:

  “Come on—quick! Big one cornin’ up!
Hurry up!”

  He dashed back to the wheel and started
the engine. Up from the forecastle scur-
ried the crew like rats, their sea boots
drawn on, mackinaws and jackets hastily
donned. Last of all came Mel, limping
after the others in their hurried flight aft.

  “Keep yer eyes peeled an’ yer ears open!”
sang out Captain Dan, holding the wheel and
squinting into the opaque fog to starboard.
He steered south, sure of the steamer’s east-
by-north course, but trusting Wholly to luck
that the invisible monster would whistle
again before she loomed up or traveled
safely past the Pelamon.

  Pierre and Ira held the little boxlike fog-
horn of the schooner on the deck house and
pumped out a penetrating little ya-a-a!
Anxiously all hands listened. The oil-
burning engine of the schooner steadily
throbbed, the only sound that punctuated
the ghostly silence.

  “—-— that steamer—she ain’t whistlin’!”
swore the skipper, holding the wheel sta-
tionary, his heart pounding in the dreadful

suspense. “She ain’t-”

  Off the bow, close, so close that they
could almost make out the vessel itself,
echoed the shrill whistle of the Comber.
Captain Dan swung the wheel west. And
from the direction in which the Pelamon
was headed roared the oo-oo-ooh! of the on-
rushing liner, bearing straight down on the
schooner—a mass of crushing steel that
would wipe the Pelamon from the face of
the deep if it crashed into the tiny craft.

  Pierre pumped a desperate, appealing
blast from the foghorn, a feeble wail for
help and mercy that seemed scarcely louder
than the twitter of Mother Carey’s chick-
ens fluttering around the riding lights. The
skipper gave the wheel a slight twist, bear-

ing straight toward the locality from which
the Comber had last whistled.

  The two apparitions of fast-moving
lights overtopped by rolling black smoke
burst out of the fog almost simultaneously.
Straight toward the Pelamon’s bow raced
the Comber, and in a direct line toward the
starboard side of the struggling schooner
bore that arrow of silvery white water cut
by the huge steel prow of the ocean liner.

  Not a man of the crew moved a fraction
of an inch from his position aft, although
they knew, as did the skipper, that Death
was closing its two hands upon them. The
liner did not sheer—it was traveling so fast
that it could not have sheered without
throwing its passengers out of their beds.

  But the Comber sheered, and sheered so
abruptly that her swinging stern almost
sideswiped the Pelamon. The schooner’s
bowsprit grazed the trawler, which was in
no less danger from the blind course of the
liner than was the frail Pdamon, and Cap-
tain Ira was bringing his craft about under
full steam.

  It was probably Captain Ira’s maneuver
which saved the Pelamon from being listed
among those New England fishing craft
which have been blotted mysteriously out
of existence. For the schooner had no
sooner plunged into the great wave which
the fleeing trawler had left astern than the
illuminated portholes and dimly lighted
decks of the liner churned past to star-
board, so close that for a few terrible
seconds it seemed as if the Pelamon must
be swept under that massive keel by its
great suction.

  But, as on many another occasion when
the Pelamon’s existence had been threatened
by collision with a liner which violates all
rules of navigation on the fishing banks, the
staunch little schooner bobbed up and down
like a bucking horse, wallowed from side to
side, with her lee rail under most of the
time, and slowly steadied herself while
with diminishing blasts of their whistles
the Comber and the hair-brain-skippered
steamer kept up their grim game of hide
and seek.

  “—— them liners—an’ trawlers, too!”
fumed Captain Dan, after he had shut off
the Pelamon’s engine and he and the excit-
ed crew were recounting the details of the
narrow escape they had just had. “It
don’t do us no good to swear about ’em—
but- ’em!”
Skippers off Georges

133

        IV

AFTER his close shave the night
before, Captain Dan was more
determined than ever to heave
to and head for Boston with his
swordfish. Breakfast that morning had
been a cheerless affair, for the crew were
restless and grouchy, implying by their
behavior that they were tiring of the trip
and would welcome the skipper’s decision
to knock off fishing for the season. On
deck the fog was still thick, and it would be
difficult to sight a swordfish from the mast-
head.

  “Boys,” stated the Skipper after break-
fast, “we’ll knock off today. We’ve got a

good trip o’ fish, an’-”

  “We ain’t got as many as I want,” pro-
tested Mel, adjusting the bandage on his
leg as he rose from the triangular forecastle
table. “An’ not as many as my boys want
—have ye, fellers?” he addressed the crew
he had lent Captain Dan for the summer.

  “Suits me—this trip does,” answered
Crowe, and the others seconded Crowe’s
opinion.

  Mel lighted his pipe. “Boys,” he said,
“where there’s mack’rel, they’s swordfish.
The water’s alive with bait. By goin’ in
now, we’re throwin’ away good American
dollars—the kind that’ll buy our folks a
good ’eal back home in Novy Scoshy. An’

besides, we’d be-cowards to be bound

in now.”

  “How you make that out, Mel?” indig-
nantly asked Captain Dan.

  “Just this,” replied Mel, “Ira Thomas is
in these waters—an’ he knows we’re here.
An’ with him is that — wuthless crew,
Skipper, that kep’ you from bein’ high-liner.
It won’t be becomin’ for us to go in before
we’ve got a full trip. It’ll look like we’re
runnin’ away from him. An’ we would be,
too. Is they any one here who’s scared o’
Ira Thomas an’ his tribe o’ cutthroats?”

  “-, no!” “Who’d be scared o’ them?”

“I’d fight any two of ’em!” retorted Mel’s
weatherbeaten shipmates.

  “See, Skipper?” exulted Mel. “I came
out here to make ye high-liner, didn’t I?
Wal, I hain’t goin’ to give up till I’ve done
it. An’ that means that when the order
comes to start for Boston, I’ll give it!”
Captain Dan’s cheeks flushed, his eyes
widened, and he gasped, speechless, at this
unexpected mutiny of his benefactor. He

gradually got his breath, after considerable
puffing, and shot back:

 “Why—Mel! - yer hide, Mel! You

presum’tious scut, Mel! You’re-”

  “Ain’t I right, Skipper?” asked Mel with
a tranquil smile.

  “Right? Course you’re right!” retracted
Cap’n Dan, chuckling while his plump body
shook convulsively. “If you want to have
a swordfish punch ye ag’in, go ahead an’ let
him. We’ll stay out a spell longer.”

  He went up the ladder, followed by Mel
and the placated, laughing crew. The keen
eyes of Shiny and the other men in the mast-
head had made out swordfish on days that
had been just as foggy as this. Shiny’s
vision in thick weather was positively un-
canny. Mel often boasted that the suc-
cess of the Victory the past two seasons had
been due to Shiny’s almost superhuman
ability to sight swordfish on days when
most skippers of the fleet knocked off fishing
altogether.

  So the skipper started the engine, and the
men took their seats in the crosstrees.
Mel hobbled out to the pulpit, where he sat
in the little seat slung from the hand rail,
leaning on the pole and scanning the fog-
shrouded water while the schooner plunged
ahead.

  They had ranged thus for over an hour.
Mel had ironed two swordfish, which were
successfully hauled and killed in dories by
Crowe and Pierre. Pierre had just been
taken aboard the schooner with the second
fish when Shiny sang out from the mast-
head:

  “Starb’ard! Starb’ard! Harda-starb’ard!”
Captain Dan quickly let out the engine
to get steerageway, thinking that another
swordfish had been sighted. A swish of
steam to port—and out of the fog burst
the prow of a large ship.

  “The Comber!” shrieked Shiny. “Hard
a-starb’ard!”

  But Captain Dan swung the wheel to port.
It was a safe bet to dodge liners by heading
to one side of them. But the Comber was
not to be dealt with that way. Dan had
had one experience with Captain Ira and
his son Oliver in a matter of collision. And
he did not trust Ira, if he was in command
of the Comber as usual, to avoid a second
such catastrophe. For, since his court vic-
tory over Captain Dan, the skipper of the
Comber was not too scrupulous to try it
again.
134

Adventure

  So rather than lead Captain Ira on a
chase—which would prove to be disastrous
in the end if Ira were really bent on running
him down—Captain Dan held the nose of
the Pelamon straight toward the trawler’s
bow. Mel hastily limped to the fore deck
from the pulpit, and the men in the mast-
head, taking no chances on being caught
aloft if the two vessels collided, descended
the ratlines like monkeys.

  But before they had reached the deck,
the Pelamon had swung off to starboard of
the Comber, and the trawler churned past,
missing the schooner by a wide margin,
Captain Ira taking no chances on bringing
his craft about abruptly as he had done the
previous night to save her from the liner.
And when the trawler had been swallowed
astern by the fog, Captain Dan shut off the
engine.

  “Good lord Christopher!” ejaculated Mel,
sitting on the deck house and eying the
skipper admiringly. “When it comes to
quick thinkin’—you’re there!"

. Captain Dan motioned for Mel to be
quiet. He listened until the throbbing of
the Comber’s engines died away in the dis-
tance. Then he opened up the engine.

  “All right, boys!” Captain Dan sang out.
“We’ll keep on fishin’ now.” And to Mel,
“I see Captain Ira’s game now. He’s plan-
nin’ to run us down. The ——■ whelp!”

  “He won’t—not while you’ve got your
eyes open like you just proved you have,”
Mel commended the skipper. He slouched
forward without another word, and took his
place in the pulpit.

  Captain Dan was surprized at the tone of
disappointment in Mel’s remarks. Could
it be that Mel was disappointed because
the Comber had failed in what appeared to
be the deliberate attempt of Captain Ira
to run down the schooner? To all appear-
ances Mel had been Dan’s friend, who had
sacrificed his season’s fishing to put the
veteran on his feet financially. But Mel
had also been friendly with Captain Ira
before the Pelamon sailed that summer.
And for Mel to show disappointment-

  Good heavens! Could it be that Mel
was in with Captain Ira on this? That the
whole summer’s fishing had been a part
of Ira’s plot to run Captain Dan off the
water? Captain Ira was well-to-do; he
could easily afford to make Mel’s treachery
to Dan an object financially. And it had
not been likely that Mel had given up his

summer’s fishing in the Victory to put Dan
on his feet.

  Dan cursed himself for not thinking of that
before. He knew Captain Ira’s methods;
why had Dan been so gullible at Mel’s pro-
fession of friendship? Now it looked very
much to Dan as if Ira had bribed Mel
to assure Dan a successful fishing season,,
then planned to sink the Pelamon on her
last trip, rescuing her crew handily, they
to swear subsequently in court that it had
resulted from an unavoidable accident.
That was what Mel and Ira had planned
when they got together before swordfishing
season.

  And Mel’s eagerness for Captain Dan to
keep on fishing proved that Mel had a hid-
den motive in prolonging the trip. And
Luke Carey of Mel’s crew was on the
Comber--

  Dan felt strangely sad and alone. There
he was, an old man, practically at the mercy
of Captain Ira and Mel. For now he was
sure that Mel was Ira’s confederate. Dan
knew he wasn’t such a good fisherman as
he used to be. But he loved the thrill of
swordfishing, even its countless dangers.
This was his pay for an honest life, for his
kindness to Mel when Mel needed a friend.
How could Mel enter such a conspiracy with
Captain Ira against the best friend he had
in the States?

  Captain Dan quickly made up his mind.
He would head for Boston at once. If the
Comber chased him he could give her a
merry race, and possibly he could lose her
in the fog, alLhough Captain Ira, like most
swordfishing skippers, had an uncanny
knack of locating vessels in thick weather.
He would——

“DERELIC’ ahead!” Shiny
shouted from the masthead.
“Port!” Captain Dan swung the
wheel to port. Past the star-
board side of the Pelamon drifted a half-
submerged hull, dismasted. Its deck was
awash, its stern completely out of sight, its
bow riding high and clear of the surface.
It was evident that it was the wreck of a
lumber schooner, for only a cargo of lum-
ber would permit the derelict to float in
that position. The light cargo held up the
bow, the heavier stern following the law of
gravitation and settling underwater at an
angle of forty-five degrees or more.

  Captain Dan looked for her name, but it
Skippers off Georges

135

was obliterated from the hapless vessel’s
bleached bows. The derelict was the worst
kind of menace to navigation, for it was
floating directly in the eastbound transat-
lantic shipping route. The revenue cutter
Massasoit was to the northward with the
swordfishing fleet. It should be reported
to her.

  “How about salvagin’ her, Skipper?”
asked Bill Alden, who had come up on deck
at the mastheader’s outcry. “Looks like a
good bit o’ lumber she’s got in her.”

  “We will not!” replied the skipper,
watching the derelict while the Pelamon
left it astern. “We’re headed for Boston
now, an’ the sooner we git there, the better
—for me,” he added significantly.

  “For you?” exploded Bill. “Lord sakes
—it looks like it’d be better for all of us—
with Ira Thomas aimin’ to run us down!”
Captain Dan was half disposed to ques-
tion Bill on Mel’s relations with Captain Ira.
Bill was an honest, reliable fellow—at least
he appeared to be. That was the —-—■ of
it—Mel and his whole crew appeared to be

honest enough. But-

  “She’s comin—the Comber! Starb’ard!
Hard over there, Skipper!”

  At Shiny’s excited warning Captain Dan
twisted the wheel hard a-starboard and
peered into the fog to port. Out of the
thickness loomed that menacing prow again.
The trawler’s engines thrummed and steam
hissed, the apparition bearing straight to-
ward the schooner’s quarter.

  This time the skipper had no alternative
but to cut a circle to starboard, depending
on the ability of the smaller vessel to be
brought about faster than the cumbersome
steam craft. No doubt the trawler could
travel faster in a race. But Captain Dan’s
plan was to run before the Comber, then
execute a quick turn, and scurry out of the
steam craft’s path, as he had so often dodged
out of the course of oncoming ocean liners.

  So the Pelamon raced ahead of the pur-
suing Comber as a small bird wildly attempts
to outfly a hungry hawk. Closer loomed
the menacing prow. The trawler was gain-
ing. The engine of the schooner, wide open
as it was, could not outdistance the greater
power of the steam craft.

  Captain Dan gauged the diminishing dis-
tance between them. Now was the time.
Abruptly he swung the wheel, intently
watching the dead-ahead course of the
Comber astern as he did so.

  Another hand grasped the wheel. Cap-
tain Dan whirled, facing Mel.

  “Skipper — don’t do it!” panted the
striker, his hands tightening on the spokes
of the helm. “Keep on ahead—they can’t
catch us! Steer for the—-—■”

  “—-— your soul!” screamed the skipper,
relinquishing his hold on the wheel and
striking at Mel in his insane fury. “You’ve

overplayed your game, you Bluenose-!

You’ve-”

  “The worst enemy you’ve got is chasin’
you, Skipper!” shot back Mel, wrenching
the wheel and holding the Pelamon on a
straight course. “Let me take the wheel!
I’m in command o’ this schooner. It ain’t
mutiny. You made me skipper after the
hurricane—an’ I’ve got the crew to back
up my evidence!”

  Captain Dan, disregarding the Comber,
which was fairly swooping down on the
schooner, looked at Mel with open-mouthed
amazement. Too well he realized his folly'
in putting Mel virtually in command dur-
ing his unguarded moments of great en-
thusiasm for the man who had appeared
to be his benefactor. Mel was right. It
was not mutiny. Mel had received com-
mand from him. Ike Crowe would sub-
stantiate it.

  But law or no law, Captain Dan was not
going to see his schooner blotted out of
existence before his very eyes, and with him
aboard her. He let go of the wheel and tore
into Mel with both fists flying.

  But although he battered Mel’s face with
blows that would have stunned any ordi-
nary man, the striker hung on to the wheel,
and twisted it slowly to port, putting what
little wind there was on the schooner’s
quarter. The crew, who had come down
from their precarious perches aloft in case
the Pelamon were run down, pounced upon
the fiery skipper, and he sprawled on deck
under them. They were not obeying Dan.
They obeyed Mel, whom Dan had previous-
ly put in command.

  “Let him up!” shouted Mel. “But see
that he keeps quiet. An’ some o’ you keep
a lookout for that derelic’. I think I’ve
got its position about right, but I ain’t
sure.”

  Captain Dan was hauled to his feet, Bill
Alden and Pierre gripping his shoulders
and holding his tense arms. He looked
astern. To his surprise the Comber had
lost distance. The wake of the Pelamon
136

Adventure

proved that Mel was circling to port, racing
ahead of the trawler back toward where
they had first sighted her just after they had
passed the derelict.

  Resignedly the skipper watched the race.
Too well he could fathom Mel’s diabolic
plan now. Collision with the derelict
would sink the schooner without involving
the Comber. If he tried to make out in
court that the Comber had pursued the
Pelamon he would be laughed down.

  Now the Comber, previously balked bv
Mel’s change of course, was gaining again.
Captain Dan wondered what would happen
at the rescue after the collision—whether
Captain Ira would even bother about rescu-
ing him. Would he-

  “There the derelic’ is—hard a-port!”
shouted Shiny from the position he had
taken for lookout halfway up the foremast
port ratlines. Mel got the helm over.
Captain Dan edged with his captors toward
the port rail so that he could see all that
happened.

  “Head for her stern—her stern!” yelled
Mel at Shiny, and Shiny replied loudly—

  “Steady! You’re headin’ straight for it!”

  Now Captain Dan could make out the
dark spot a-bow that marked the derelict.
He glanced astern. The trawler was within
her own length of the Pelamon's quarter.
And gaining—gaining——

  “Hard a-port! Hard a-port!” screamed
Shiny.

  But Mel had kept the derelict under ob-
servation since Shiny had sighted it. He
was steering without paying attention to
Shiny’s commands. Captain Dan’s glance
shot to the derelict, now lying directly un-
der the Pelamon's bowsprit.

  Mel gave the wheel an abrupt twist—
so sudden that the schooner heeled over and
her starboard rail was within a foot of
being awash. Water swept that side of
the deck. A scraping sound rose from
under her keel. She stopped abruptly—
but only for a second. Then, steadying
herself , she left the derelict astern and sped
on a straight course on even keel.

  “Good lord Christopher!” exclaimed the
skipper, staring at Mel in admiration.
“That was the handsomest bit o’ maneu-
verin’ I ever see on salt water! That
was——”

  Captain Dan heard the crash of wood,
the sudden escaping of steam astern. So
rapt had he been after Mel’s skilful pas-

sage over the stern of the derelict that he
had quite forgotten the Comber. Like the
others grouped aft, he stared into the fog,
and Mel, slowing down the engine, brought
the schooner about in a slow circle.

  Those breathless fishermen of the Pela-
mon could not make out exactly what had
happened, owing to the thickness. But well
enough they could imagine. The Comber
had run slam bang on to the derelict. And
the force of such a collision must have
punched a good-sized hole in her bottom.
A long blast from the Comber's wailing
whistle confirmed their suspicions.

  “She’s struck!” shouted Mel in a cold,
emotionless voice. “Stand by, all hands.

We can’t see them poor-!-”

  “To - with ’em!” barked Bill Alden.

“They’re gittin’ a dose o’ what they’d
planned for us!”

  And as the Pelamon hove in sight of the
Comber, it was evident that the trawler
was in a bad fix. Her whistle still wailing
hideously, the steam craft’s splintered bow
told the story of water that was flooding
her below decks faster than it could be
pumped out. She had struck hard, with
such force that although the contact had
been below her water line, it had demolished
the woodwork at that point almost to the
deck itself, shattering the hull as if the
trawler had collided with a vessel its own
size or larger.

  “Take Luke Carey off, Mel, an’ to -

with the rest of ’em!” pleaded Bill.
“They’ve——”

  “Need any help?” shouted Mel through
cupped hands. There was no answer from
the Comber. All hands aboard her were
working too industriously to heed the
proximity of the schooner.

 “My -!” exclaimed Pierre. “She

leak like wan lobster pot! Lookit her list!
She-”

y THERE was a sudden movement
V# aboard the trawler. Men rushed
UP 011 10 ^ei deck and started to
^^ get dories overside. Her super-
structure swayed, tilted abruptly. A tremor
shook her, followed by a big puff of smoke
that rolled thickly from every part of her
hull and hung over the damaged ship like
an evil black spirit, its widening borders
absorbed by the encompassing fog. Mel
opened the engine and backed the Pelamon
away from the Comber.
Skippers off Georges

137

  “Her boilers!” burst out Captain Dan.
“They’ve exploded!”

  The words were no sooner out of his
mouth than the Comber lurched dizzily
from side to side. Her bow settled like
that of a diving submarine. Two dories
were slid into the water, but the deck of
the trawler hove up with a sudden rocking
motion, and the dories were crushed under
the Comber’s careening side before the men
could jump into them.

  With a hissing sound the bow plunged
deeper. Into the sea men jumped, clinging
to whatever loose woodwork they could
grab. The stern of the Comber lifted higher
and higher until its big propeller was en-
tirely exposed.

  And with a whistling noise scarcely less
piercing than the strident prolonged blast
of its now silent wail of distress had been,
in a great gulf of swirling white water the
trawler dived to the ocean depths. The
rosette of green and white drew together
over the vanished propeller like the mouth
of a closed purse, swallowing the Comber
forever.

  While the crew of the Pelamon stood
spellbound at the frightful sight, Mel
swung the schooner toward the spot where
the Comber had gone down. A big section
of wooden wreckage floated past.

  “Git busy, boys!” he barked, waking
them from their trance.

  But Captain Dan already had a boat
hook in his hands and stood at the port
rail. Pierre and Bill Alden were launching
a dory, as were Ike Crowe and Shiny.
The heads of men bobbed in the water.
Dan got his boat hook into the clothing of
one fellow and dragged him over the rail—
a badly frightened man of small stature,
but uninjured.

  “H’lo, Cale!” Captain Dan greeted the
rescued man, recognizing him as Cale Smith
of his old crew.

  But Cale merely gave him a surly look
and made himself useful assisting other
men in the water on to the deck of the
Pelamon. All four dories of the Pelamon
were now out, into which men were fished
on all sides of the schooner. For they,
experienced deep-water men all, had clung
doggedly to whatever floating material they
had grasped, knowing that however deep
the suction of the sinking trawler drew them,
they would eventually bob back to the sur-
face. And most of them had leaped overside

from the stern, thereby avoiding the suction
or being only partly drawn into it.

  “I calc’late ever’body got away,” anx-
iously declared Cale to Captain Dan,
“’cause we had to abandon the engine
room before the explosion, water filled ’ei
up so fast.”

  The growing number of men on deck, who
were either hauled aboard by Dan and
other rescued men or brought in from the
dories, seemed to confirm Cale’s belief.
Mel watched anxiously while the dories
brought in their loads, studying the faces
of all the rescued men. And when the last
dory came in containing Captain Ira and
Luke Carey, Mel’s square face brightened.

  “Call the roll, Captain Thomas,” Mel
shouted at the skipper of the Comber. Cap-
tain Ira was a tall, thin, somewhat stoop-
shouldered seafarer in the early sixties,
his black eyes and iron-gray hair and mus-
tache lending to his hook-nosed hatchet
face the evil aspect of a malign bird of prey.

  Captain Ira lined up his men and called
off their names without loss of time. Twen-
ty-six answered him.

  “All here,” he announced to Mel, disre-
garding Captain Dan entirely. He seemed
calm enough, even bold, in the face of
the disaster to his prized trawler. A wicked
grin wrinkled the tight leathery skin of his
sinister countenance.

  “I calc’late under the circumstances, Mel,
my men can handle the navigatin’ o’ this
schooner an’ give yourn a rest.”

  While Captain Ira was talking, Mel had
picked up a spare harpoon pole from the
deckhouse.

  “I calc’late your offer ain’t exac’ly be-
cornin’,” the striker answered the skipper
of the ill-fated Comber. “In the fust place,
I ain’t the man to be addressed on such a
matter, bein’ as Cap’n Oldham is still skip-
per here. Then ag’in, while you an’ your
bullies are aboard the Pelamon, your
quarters will be in the fo’csle till we can
git ye into port. Luke,” he addressed his
former shipmate, who was lined up amid-
ships with the Comber's crew, “step out
here.”

  “Aye, aye, sir,” replied Luke smilingly
in the most approved maritime etiquette,
advancing toward Mel.

  “Now tell what ye know,” Mel calmly
ordered Luke.

  “I’d rather wait an’ tell it in court,”
replied Luke. “All I can say, Mel, is that
138

Adventure

I’ve got about fifty diff’rent kinds o’ evi-
dence that Cap’n Ira tried to run the
Pelamon down. Your plan to have me
ship with Cap’n Ira to git that evidence

worked too-well!”

  Captain Ira advanced toward Mel with
fists doubled up, murder in his evil eyes.

  “So that was your scheme in havin’
Luke sign on with me, eh?” he snarled.
“Well, Mel, that’s a game that two can
play at. Boys,” he shouted at his crew,
“take over this ship! We’ll man her, an’
settle with this bunch o’ bullies later.”

  The men huddled amidships let out a
concerted whoop and started to carry out
Captain Ira’s orders. But suddenly the
yell was cut off, and in its place rose a howl
of mortal agony. For a yellow shaft shot
through the air, striking Sid Barnett’s left
thigh, and Sid crumpled up on deck. With
lightning speed Mel pulled back the pole
by its bib line, and clapped another lily
iron on its tip from the supply of metal
harpoons lying on the deck house.

  The crew of the Pelamon flew about in
lively fashion, grabbing gaffs, harpoon poles,
and knives. Led by Mel, they advanced
on the twenty-seven fishermen rescued from
the Comber.

  “My leg! My leg! -he ironed me!”

wailed Sid, groveling on deck, abandoned
by his erstwhile shipmates as they retreated.
For Mel’s exhibition of accuracy with the
harpoon, which was still embedded in Sid’s
thigh, had convinced them conclusively
of what damage the star striker of the en-
tire fleet could inflict on them, despite his
lameness. And Luke Carey held an auto-
matic pistol, its muzzle menacing his late
shipmates of the Comber.

  “I’m here to shoot—an’ shoot to kill!”
t calmly declared Luke,
s “Into the fo’csle with ye!” shouted Mel,
hobbling in the lead of his shipmates.

  Headlong the irresolute men of the
Comber plunged, one after the other, into
the forecastle. Mel slammed the slide shut
after them.

  '“All right, skipper!” Mel shouted at
Dan, who stood with the others of the
Pelamon’s complement, a short-handled
gaff gripped in his hand, his eyes full of
fight. “Take the wheel. Steer back to the
wreckage o’ the derelic’.”

  Captain Dan, taking the wheel, steered
for a large section of the derelict which
floated in the midst of a sea of drifting

lumber and bits of wreckage. And as they
approached it, the large floating section
resolved itself into the square stern of the
derelict, which had been left practically
intact after the Comber demolished the rest
of the wreck.

  A siren whistle wailed to starboard.

  “The cutter!” shouted Luke, pointing in
that direction. The fog was clearing away ,
the sun bursting through it in reddish radi-
ance. Two miles or more away a rakish
gray craft steamed toward the Pelamon.

  “She’s answerin’ the radio call for help
that Cap’n Ira sent out when the Comber
struck,” explained Luke.

  Captain Dan recognized the cutter—the
coastguard greyhound Massasoit which fol-
lows the fishing fleet to administer to in-
jured and sick fishermen. And in the
distance twinkled the sails of half a dozen
schooners. The main body of the Georges
swordfishing fleet was ranging southward.

V

          THE transfer of Captain Ira and
his men to the Massasoit had been
effected only after lengthy expla-
nations by Captain Dan, Luke
and Mel. Probably Luke’s displaying of
papers which, preserved in a waterproof
pocket, proved that he was to be commis-
sioned a water policeman on a Boston police
boat at the close of the fishing season had
some weight toward influencing Commander
Wilkes of the cutter. But Commander
Wilkes was a friend of Dan and Mel, and,
like many other seafaring men, he was well
aware that the court award after the col-
lision the previous year had been eminently
unjust.

  A hard but kindly seaman, Wilkes sym-
pathized with swordfishermen because he
knew what risks they run to make an honest
living. So he summed up the arguments
pro and con, and decided that it was not
only his duty to take the Comber's crew
ashore, but to arrest her commander as a vio-
lator of international law on the high seas.

  After the cutter had steamed away
with its prisoners, Luke gleefully observed:

  “You’ve got all the cards in your hands,
Cap’n Oldham. That crew o’ Cap’n Ira’s
didn’t fight us because they’ll turn ag’in’
Ira in a minute—ain’t loyal to him no more
than they was to you. They told me them-
selves on the Comber they’d turn State’s
Skippers off Georges

139

evidence if Cap’n Ira was ketched in any
of his tricks. You can crush Cap’n Ira
like-”

  “I don’t want to crush him,” answered
Captain Dan. “He’s lost the Comber; that’s
punishment enough.”

  “It ain’t enough,” put in Mel, hobbling
aft. “Because that derelic’ was Cap’n
Ira’s vessel, too.”

  “What—the Eva Thomas?” asked Dan.
But Mel was assisting Ike Crowe in launch-
ing a dory. They held back the small boat
while Captain Dan brought the schooner up
to the large floating section of the derelict.
The collision had evidently broken the dere-
lict into several sections, most of which, the
buoyant lumber released and now floating
on the surface, had gone to the bottom. Ap-
parently there was enough lumber impris-
oned in the after hold to buoy up the stern
after the Comber had, by its impact, demol-
ished the rest of the derelict. Or perhaps the
stern was light enough to float when it had
been divested of the rest of the weight aft.

 “My -!” exclaimed Shiny, standing

with a horrified expression on his face at the
port rail. “There’s a drownded man on it!”
“I sighted him underwater when the
Pelamon passed over the derelic’,” com-
mented Mel, “an’ later after the Comber'd
cut the derelic’ in two.”

  Captain Dan slowed down the engine;
Mel and Ike launched the dory. The men
on the schooner watched Mel and Ike cut
loose a human body lashed to the wheel
of the derelict.

  And while they hoisted that inert form
on deck, tears came to Captain Dan’s eyes
as he recognized the distorted features of
the dead man.

  “Oliver Thomas!” he choked, while his
shipmates eyed him, astonished at his
emotion—he who looked upon the corpse
of a vanquished enemy.

  “Look, Skipper!” sang out Mel as he
climbed over the port rail and designated
with a head jerk the bobbing stern of the
derelict.

  Captain Dan glanced up from the dead
man. His eyes widened. For as the ground
swell swayed the mass of wreckage and

played over it, he caught the lettering on
the stern of what had once been a proud
ship. And he read—

VICTORY

  “Great Caesar’s ghost!” he exclaimed.
“Then it wa’n’t the Eva Thomas. An’ Mel
—you did sell Cap’n Ira your schooner?”
“Sure did,” replied Mel, smiling. “The
Eva was so unsea worthy after she rammed
the Pelamon that Ira had to git a new
schooner for Oliver. So I let him have the
Victory—at a fancy price. I reco’nized
her durin’ the hurricane.”

  “Why, Mel—are you crazy? You—high-
liner—with no vessel o’ your own?”
“Sure,” replied Mel. “To git rid o’
the responsibility o’ bein’ skipper. I kep’
the sale o’ the Victory a secret from my
crew so’s they wouldn’t up an’ sign with
some other skipper. I wanted that crew
o’ mine not only to make ye high-liner,
but, like me, to l’arn to admire your sea-
manship—your kindness —your——”

  “But that ain’t gittin’ you a ship for
them to fish in,” protested Captain Dan.
“You ain’t got a vessel.”

  “But you have,” quickly replied Mel,
while his crew looked on. “An’ you need
a crew—a crew that swore to me while the
Massasoit was shippin’ Cap’n Ira an’ his
gang that they’d rather sail with you than
any skipper of the fleet—an’ that they’ll
side with you if you want to prosecute me
for mutiny. But if you’ll ship a mutineer

an’ his old crew—permanent-•”

  “I’d ship the-himself if his name was

Mel Frost!” vowed Captain Dan, gripping
Mel’s wide shoulders in undiluted ecstasy.
“An’ I refuse to take command till that
mutineer has fetched the Pelamon into
Boston! That's my prosecution, Mel!”
“Then h’ist the mains’l! Take the wheel,
Skipper!” shouted Mel. “We’ve been high-
liners for nigh a week, but I wanted to stay
on the Banks till Luke had a good chance
to git his evidence. Now he’s got it, we’re
bound to Boston!”

  Captain Dan let out the engine and
twisted the wheel. The compass turned
to north.
King Husky

                tm JohnBeames

Author of “The Dog Without a Tail,” “ The Last Match,” etc.

         |LL I got agen him, he’s treach-
            erous.”

             “Cock-eye” Leary spat to-
bacco juice in the snow and
twitched his eyebrows at “Shorty” Hunt.
Then he corrected himself:

  “No, not so much that neither—he’s in-
dependent as a hog on ice. Can’t get
fresh with him. Outpull any dog in the
country, he will, never tired nor lazy, an’
don’t know what sore feet is. Never need
put moccasins on him. Wouldn’t want to
try. Have a feller eat up an’ nothin’ left
but a wishbone an’ a pair moccasins. That’s
King.

  “I wouldn’t let on before, but bein’ as
you’ve bought him it’d be only right to
warn you. You let King pull an’ keep off
him with the whip, an’ let him do what he
wants when he ain’t in harness and he’s

your dog till - freezes. But it ain’t

no use neither to bulldoze ner try an’ be
friends. That’s what I don’t like about

him—he’s so-independent.”

  Shorty Hunt listened and smiled and
nodded, but said nothing, while King’s
late owner continued to ramble on about
things in general and the big black husky
in particular.

  The five dogs, three black and two brown,
lay in a string on the snow, harnessed to
Shorty’s new carriole. They were a fine-

looking team, and the little man felt proud
of his purchase. But King was the jewel
of them all. A smouldering fire gleamed
in his yellow eyes, and there was invincible
pride in the lift of his massive head.

  “See,” said Cock-eye, and addressed the
dog in hectoring tones, “You King, you
lazy, mangy, fleabit houn’ dawg you.”

  Up came King’s defiant head, the point of
an ivory fang gleaming under a wrinkled
lip, and the stiff bristles on his back rising.

  “Get it,” said Leary, turning back to
Shorty. “Three more words to him and he’d
have my liver out here on the snow.”

  Shorty’s merry blue eyes twinkled and
he laughed.

  “Sure looks as if he was all fixed to do it,”
he agreed.

  “Well, there you are. Keep your eye on
King an’ don’t try an’ get gay with him, an’
you’ll be all right. Start any shenanigans
an’ you or him’s goin’ to be left on the trail
for the wolves to eat. That’s all I got to
say. Well, good luck to you.”

  “So long,” answered Shorty and whistled
to the dogs. “Mush, there, mush,” he
cried.

  King was on his feet, body braced for the
starting pull, the jerk that wrenches the
runners loose, almost before the words were
out of his mouth. The well-trained team
were hardly less quick, and in a second they

140
King the Husky

141

were away at the quick, short trot that eats
up the long miles, fifty, sixty, seventy a
day. Shorty, his long whip hanging from
his wrist and trailing behind him on the
snow, settled down to the steady jog, be-
tween a walk and a run, of the old dog
runner.

 Though he was new in that part of the
country, he had driven dogs for years in
the Yukon and McKenzie basins, and he
thought that what he did not know about
sleigh dogs was not worth knowing. He
had no doubt that, by a judicious mixture
of firmness and kindness, he would soon
bring King into willing subjection. And
he was all the more desirous of bringing it
about in that already his heart warmed to
the peerless brute.

  It was not long before the rest of the
team adored him. He treated them with
justice, kindness and firmness in the right
proportions. It was seldom indeed that
he swung his whip, but when he did the long
lash bit like a snake. He knew when a dog
was tired and when he was merely shirking.
He had an eagle eye for sore feet, that bane
of the sleigh dog.

 After a thaw, when the temperature
falls again, every wrinkle in the snow be-
comes a knifeblade of ice, and dogs with
tender feet suffer cruelly. But none of
Shorty’s team ever had to limp along,
leaving bloody footprints on the trail. He
was prepared with little buckskin moccasins,
and every cut had prompt attention.

 But they were never needed for King.
He seemed to have feet of iron. The hard-
est day’s mushing over glare ice or through
heavy new-fallen snow found him still with
head and tail up, pulling for every pound
that was in him.

 Between him and Shorty there grew up
a curious relationship. It was hardly that
of master and servant, more that of two
equals with little affection but great mutual
respect between them, engaged of necessity
in a common task. It was Shorty’s place to
choose the trail, decide the load, the time
and place of camping, and to allot the ra-
tions. It was King’s place to pull the
hardest, set the pace, and keep order among
his mates. And he did all these things
superlatively well.

  The other dogs held him in deepest awe.
They fought amongst themselves as sleigh
dogs will when their master’s eye is not
upon them, but they left King alone.

The merest wrinkling of his lip was enough
to appal the boldest. He did not even
condescend to associate with them, nor did
he stoop to curry favor with his master.
In solitary grandeur, eating by himself
and sleeping by himself, he dwelt apart.

  The coldest night drew him no closer to
his mates. And there were some terrible
nights; nights when the ice on the lakes
boomed and screamed in long rippling,
fearsome noises in the rending grip of the
frost; when the air stung and prickled in
the nostrils, when nothing moved but the
ever restless dancers of the north, sweeping
fantastically across the vault of Heaven
in waves of lambent green and purple and
crimson. Through it all King held himself
aloof, the rime glistening on his back, and
his brooding eyes gleaming out under ice-
encrusted brows.

  Shorty often wondered what went on in
the mind behind those eyes. His own
feelings were mixed. He felt he could love
King as he had never loved any dog, and
dogs were his passion. As some men love
women, others power, others beauty, he
loved dogs. But it was hard to love King.
At times he felt exasperation at his inability
to penetrate the brute’s iron reserve, but in
the main he felt only admiration and re-
spect, tinctured with some of the awe in
which the team he'd their grim leader.

  It was a hard winter, a winter of intense
cold but little snow. Moreover the mys-
terious plague that periodically smites the
snowshoe rabbits of the North, had been
busy, and all the flesh eaters of the wild
were hungry in consequence.

  In a day’s march one would hardly cross
a dozen of the fan-shaped tracks, and that
of course meant danger from timber wolves.
Doubly so because of the light fall of snow
that enabled the moose and deer to outrun
them. They were reduced to hunting un-
der the snow for mice, and wolves are not
so well fitted for that kind of hunting as the
smaller carnivora.

        SHORTY noted as the winter
" " drew on that they were forming
into unusually large packs. They
also took to haunting the freight
trails on the lookout for scraps left at de-
serted camps, and that is always a danger-
ous sign. The fact caused the little man
small anxiety at first, for though the In-
dians hold timber wolves in deep respect,
142

Adventure

few of the white men of the North have
anything but contempt for them. It is
seldom indeed that a man is in any real
danger from wolves unless he happens to
fall sick or be injured on the trail.

  But even Shorty at last began to feel
uneasy. A big pack was undoubtedly fol-
lowing him, and his dogs, all but King, were
growing restless and frightened. They
drew close to the fire at night and seemed
subdued. They stopped wrangling among
themselves, and were perpetually rising to
stare into the darkness.

  When the fire burnt low Shorty would be
roused by a series of whines and snarls
which would not subside until he rose and
threw fresh fuel on the blaze. Then he
would see paired greenish lights moving
eerily on the edge of the darkness, and some-
thing like a shudder would go through him
in spite of all his sturdy courage and
scepticism.

  But King, curled in a tight ball even in the
snow, yards farther from the fire than any.
of the rest, never even deigned to lift his
scornful head. Looking at him, Shorty
would feel comforted, and return to his
blankets. If King was not frightened
why should he be?

  The wolves were often to be seen even in the
daytime, in twos and threes, generally at a
considerable distance, but often on both
sides of the trail as well as before and be-
hind. It was not easy to estimate the size
of the pack, but there was no doubt that he
moved in the midst of a little army of gaunt
and starving brutes who were only awaiting
a favorable opportunity or until their hun-
ger overcame their fears to attack.

  But he held stubbornly on his way, de-
termined not to anticipate trouble until the
time came to meet it. He was strongly
tempted to take a shot at a wolf now and
then, but ammunition is precious stuff in
the North, and the brutes were wary, only
to be momentarily glimpsed close at hand,
and never in the open except at long
ranges.

  He reached the post in safety and dropped
his load, and with nothing but his own
gear and food for the dogs, headed south-
eastward over an unbroken trail to where a
load was awaiting him at another post.
His way led him through a different and
more dangerous country, for whereas the
up trail ran mainly across open lakes where
the wolves would hesitate to attack him,

  his new route took him across some rocky
uplands, sparsely forested with stunted
spruce which provided good cover for his

enemies.

  All went well for two days, for though
he had abundant evidence that the wolves
were still close at hand, they made no
hostile demonstration. It was a dreary land
that he entered upon on the third day, high-
lying and bleak.

  Jagged masses of granite thrust up
through the snow, their tops swept bare by
the wind. The thin soil afforded only a
precarious foothold for an occasional
dwarfed and twisted spruce, but in the hol-
lows grew thick clumps of willow, blood red
against the snow. The terrain was much
broken by abrupt hills and gullies and the
visibility was consequently bad. It was
never possible to see more than a couple of
hundred yards in any direction, and the
willow scrub made ideal cover for his lurking
foes.

  Shorty noticed that his dogs were even
more restless and uneasy than usual, and
even King began to show signs of disquie-
tude. The heavy fell on his shoulders
bristled and his great fangs were bared at
short intervals as he lifted his head and
caught the wolf taint on the air.

  It was a dull cloudy day with an occa-
sional snowflake drifting down the raw east
wind, the temperature about zero. At
noon Shorty decided to camp. It had been
been hard going all morning even with the
half empty carriole, over the unbroken trail
with its knife-edged drifts and across
patches of bare windswept rock, and the
dogs were beginning to show signs of sore
feet.

  He halted in the lee of a little clump of
spruce. Almost at once he became aware
that he was surrounded by wolves. The
willows around him were alive with move-
ments, and gaunt, fierce heads were lifted
from behind every granite outcrop. He
had a sudden feeling that the long-threat-
ened attack was about to take place.

  “Well, - it,” he muttered with an

angry grin, “if they are goin’ to start some-
thing maybe I’d best let ’em an’ get it over

with. But somebody’s goin’ to catch-

if they do.”

  He slipped the harness swiftly off the
dogs and they promptly crowded round him,
every back bristling and every fang bared.
Shorty caught up his rifle, thought better of
King the Husky

143

  it and exchanged it for his axe as a better
and more dangerous weapon at close
quarters.

  Then the wolves were upon them. They
came silently but with terrible swiftness,
falling as if out of the air. How many there
were Shorty never was able to tell, but
there seemed hundreds to his excited vision.

  With his back to a tree, his axe gripped
firmly in both hands and his dogs in a circle
round him, he met them. The battle was
joined. On the air rose a bedlam of snarls,
yelps, howls, and a ghastly worrying noise.
Shorty hewed and slashed madly in the
midst of a mass of leaping, raving, gray
demons. There were wolves everywhere.
His dogs were buried under them, gnashing
teeth menaced him on every side.

  A big wolf leaped full at his throat. He
met it with a slash that split its skull in
two halfs, and pivoted on his heel to sink
his axe to the eye in the shoulder of another.

  A wolf sprang at him from the side and
bore him to his knees. Only the collar of
his heavy sheepskin jacket saved him from
having his jugular torn out. Another wolf
caught him by the shoulder. He thrust
the handle of his axe between the open jaws
of a third. A fourth landed upon his back.

  He felt that his end had come. In his
extremity he lifted up his voice and called
upon the one dog he felt could aid him.

  “King, O King,” he cried.

 And King heard and came. Though
locked in a death grapple with a dozen
wolves, by some miracle of strength and
agility he wrenched himself free and sprang
upon Shorty’s chief assailant who had him
pinned by the neck from behind.

  Shorty struggled to his feet. He was
blood-mad. YVithout attempting to de-
fend himself, without any thought but to
kill and kill until he was killed himself, he
flung himself into the fray, hacking, kicking,
cursing, panting, blinded with blood and
sweat and fear and hatred and fury. Until
upon a sudden he found none to oppose him.
The attack had melted away as swiftly
and as silently as it had come.

SHORTY sank down dizzily,
breathing in sobbing gasps, and
gazed with woeful eyes on a
scene of utter disaster. On the
trampled and bloodstained snow lay a
dozen dead or dying wolves and the mangled
bodies of four of his own dogs. King only

survived, but he was in a piteous plight.
He was covered with blood, one of his ears
bitten off close to his head, and he lay
weakly licking at a gaping wound in his
shoulder.

  Shorty himself looked like a butcher in
a shambles. The axe he still grasped was
thick with matted blood and hair, and he
himself was splashed with crimson from
moccasin to cap. His shoulders and the
back of his neck ached from a dozen bites,
and the calf of his right leg had been ripped
open for three inches or more by a slashing
bite from a dying wolf. Of his late assail-
ants, however, nothing was to be seen,
though a network of tracks, many splashed
with red, led away in every direction.

  “Well, King, old scout, reckon we’re up
against it.”

  King slowly lifted his head and stared at
him. There was no sign of weakness or
softening in those flaming eyes. He had
come to his owner’s assistance when called
upon, not, it appeared, from any affection,
but from noblesse oblige. Had the spirit of
the haughtiest of the seigneurs of ancient
France been re-incarnated in a dog, this
black husky of the North were the fittest
receptacle.

  Shorty was no match for him in aristo-
cratic and unbending pride, but he was of
sound, if plebeian stock through and
through. It was not in his nature to give
up. Though every movement was an agony
he soon had a good fire going, and made
shift to dress his wounds. His back and
shoulders he could do little for, but though
painfully lacerated, the bites there did not
seem deep. His leg was another matter,
but he bound it up with a spare shirt he had
in his pack.

  He would have tended King’s hurts too,
but that the dog would not permit. He
did not whine, or flinch, or snap, but he
took Shorty's hand gently but firmly in his
great jaws and held it fast, growling warn-
ingly deep in his throat.

  “All right, you old crank,” agreed Shorty
in affectionate exasperation. “Go ahead
and lick it. Maybe you know best anyway.”

  After he had eaten and rested, the little
man considered it time to be moving.
There was not the least hope in the world of
anybody passing. There probably was
not a human being within fifty miles, and
the barren upland where he was lay far out
of the usual travel routes.
i44

Adventure

  He knew the post lay somewhere to the
southeastward, between forty and sixty
miles away, and to reach it was his only
hope. It was neither desirable nor in keep-
ing with his character to meditate upon
the appalling difficulties of the journey in
his crippled condition, drawing a sleigh
loaded with a heavy and worse crippled
dog. For to Shorty’s everlasting honor be
it said that the idea of abandoning King to
be killed by the wolves or to die of his
wounds never even entered his head.

  Accordingly, and with a great effort, he
lifted King bodily into the carriole. The
dog seemed for a moment inclined to resent
the liberty. No man had dared to handle
him so since his puppyhood. But with a
low growl and a slight wrinkling of the lip
he suffered himself to be hoisted into the
sleigh, where he settled down and fell to
licking his wound again.

  Everything not absolutely essential
Shorty left behind, keeping only food for a
few days, his rifle, axe and robes. He
hoped that the fish he had been carrying for
dog food would, with the bodies of the dead
dogs and those of their late companions,
sufficiently relieve the hunger of the rest of
(the pack to keep them from attacking him
for the time being.

  With a last sad look at the dogs he had
loved and tended so well and who had served
him so faithfully and a muttered curse at
the wolves, Shorty bent to the traces and
began to plod slowly in the direction of the
post.

  His leg hurt him cruelly, his shoulders
were sore, and the carriole pulled like lead.
But keeping to the ridges as much as pos-
sible and out of the deep drifts in the hol-
lows, he held doggedly on his way with
short intervals for rest until nightfall.
Then he camped in a spruce grove and built
his fire.

  He was very exhausted and in great pain.
The only alleviation of his misery was that
the temperature continued comparatively
mild and that he saw no wolves. He ate
a good supper, but King refused food, con-
tinuing to lick his shoulder.

  “Well, King, you hard old nut,” said the
little man with a whimsical grin, “you’d
better roll in with me tonight. We’re both
sick men an’ we’ll help keep each other
warm. An’ if them —-— wolves don’t
come an’ get us tonight, we’d ought to be
pretty comfortable. How about it?”

  King blinked, but submitted condescend-
ingly to share his master’s rabbitskin robe.
Shorty, not unnaturally, feeling more than
a little lonely and discouraged, ventured to
pat him gently on the head, and to even
that the husky submitted with unwonted
good-nature, though he made no effort to
return the caress.

  “Well, you sure are one hard old case,”
said Shorty with a sigh. “But, King boy,
you’re a dandy scrapper. If them stink-
in’ wolves show up we’ll go out fightin’,
won’t we?”

  King lifted his head and snuffed the air,
but apparently scented nothing, for he re-
turned to his eternal licking of his torn
shoulder.

  The night passed in great discomfort for
both. Shorty’s shoulders and leg ached
and throbbed and his snatches of sleep were
broken and haunted with dreams of enor-
mous wolves. King twitched and growled
all night at his side. Shorty woke feeling
tired and ill. King’s nose was hot and dry
and his temper very short.

  With numb and shivering fingers Shorty
got the fire going again in the ghost light
of dawn, and having boiled himself a big
pot of tea and chewed a little bannock that
tasted like ashes in his mouth, sat about
dressing his leg. The wound was much
inflamed and the whole leg swollen, but not
so much that he thought he could not walk
with it.

  King still refused food, but greedily drank
some melted snow. Shorty was inter-
ested to see him bite off some blades of
dry grass that stood up above the snow and
chew them up. Then he allowed himself to
be helped into the carriole, where he curled
himself up and gave his whole attention
once more to his shoulder.

SO THE pathetic little proces-
sion started again—a crippled
man hauling a crippled dog
across a frozen and barren wilder-
ness under a gray sky, and with a knife-
edged wind lashing them like a whip.

  Shorty was ill-equipped by nature for
wading through snow. His stumpy legs sank
almost to the knee at every step. Here and
there were drifts he had to cross, treacher-
ous drifts of which the crust often broke and
let him through to his waist in soft snow.

  But he was as hard as iron and of indomi-
table spirit, and he made most amazing
King the Husky

145

time in the circumstances. Despite fre-
quent stops and the pain of his leg he had
covered some twenty miles before darkness
and exhaustion forced him to halt in a wil-
low thicket.

  King’s nose was still dry and hot and he
could not be prevailed upon to eat, though
he licked snow continually and drank
thirstily any water that Shorty gave him.
His temper, however, had improved. Not
that he showed either gratitude or affection,
but he permitted himself to be handled
without even a growl, and curled up beside
Shorty as a matter of course when he lay
down for the night.

  For Shorty the second night was worse
than the first. His shoulders were not
quite so painful, but that was more than
counterbalanced by the condition of his
leg which burned and throbbed and often
woke him out of his sleep with a pang of
agony.

  The third morning dawned fair but chill,
with a temperature of twenty below zero,
and Shorty was almost frozen before he got
the fire lit. But there was a decided im-
provement in King’s condition, and he
even languidly chewed up a small whitefish,
but he was still unable to walk more than a
few steps.

  Shorty’s leg was at first so bad that he
almost despaired of continuing his journey,
but after he had bound it tightly from ankle
to knee he was able to hobble. Though the
first half mile was an agony that brought
the sweat out on his brow, the pain gradu-
ally lessened and its place was taken by a
disquieting numbness.

  Fearing that his foot was frozen, Shorty
hastily camped and made a fire. When he
uncovered his foot two toes and the heel
showed a dull dead white. He rubbed the
frost bites with snow until the acute misery
of their thawing out made him grind his
teeth and groan aloud.

  Then the leg was bound up once more and
the weary journey resumed. He made few
miles that day, and night found him far
gone in pain and exhaustion. He was all
but ready to give up and die. Nothing
human could have endured much more.

  But there came a gleam of hope to cheer
him. King was evidently much better.
He got out of the carriole by himself and ate
a hearty meal of fish. It seemed likely that
he would be able to limp along by morning
at least as well as his master, and in that

   10

case they could leave the carriole and make
a dash for the post together!

  Another cheering circumstance was that
the wind which had been blowing from the
north northwest, veered suddenly just after
nightfall to southwest, and began to come
in warm, heavy gusts. Shorty welcomed
it with profound thankfulness and fell asleep
full of sanguine hopes for the morrow.

  But he had overtaxed his strength. The
horrible dreams of the two previous nights
returned with redoubled terrors. It seemed
to him that his leg swelled and swelled until
it was a mountain at which huge wolves
tore and worried with fangs of red hot iron.
He tried to escape, but the leg had grown
so vast that it held him prisoner, and all he
could do was lie and scrabble at the ground
in awful agony.

  That dream passed, but was succeeded
by others, and through them all throbbed
pain and fear. Toward morning he became
light-headed, and screamed and fought with
imaginary terrors. Once he felt certain that
he was in the grip of a wolf, and regained
momentary consciousness to discover that
it was King who had him by the arm in his
teeth and was shaking him. He had a
vague impression that it was dawn and the,
weather mild, and then the dog let go of him
and he sank into a deep sleep that was al-
most unconsciousness.

  When he awoke it was broad daylight and
the March sun was shedding warm bright
rays upon him. The air was mild and
balmy, and a chinook boomed across the
land. He sat up weakly and looked about
him. He looked and stared and looked
again. King had disappeared.

  It was a terrible blow. The treachery,
the black ingratitude of the brute was more
than he could bear in his weakened con-
dition. Childish tears trickled down his
face. Wounded and ill himself, he had
dragged the worthless beast in comfort for
three days, had shared with him his food
and his bedding, and then, when his own
strength had in a measure returned, without
remorse and without shame the cowardly

-had abandoned the man who had all

but given his life for him, and might yet
lose his life by what he had done.

  He remembered the words of King’s late
owner, “He’s treacherous.”

  Believing, as every dog lover does, in
the unswerving loyalty and fidelity of dogs,
Shorty felt that this evidence of callous
146

Adventure

ingratitude had wrecked his faith in all
dog-kind. Yet another example of King’s
depravity came to light. Not content with
deserting his master in his hour of direst
need, he had eaten most of the scanty
stock of food remaining. Shorty found
himself with only about half a hard dry
bannock and some tea.

  This last discovery had at least the good
effect of rousing the little man to action.
He was not of the kind who lie down under
the blows of circumstance. The knowledge
that he was on the verge of death from star-
vation even if he did not perish from exhaus-
tion and exposure, nerved him to one last
effort. He would get up and make a last
try for the post even if he fell and died in
the snow.

  The wound in his leg was better, the in-
flammation had gone down considerably,
though his frozen foot was hideously pain-
ful. Moreover, the fever of the previous
days had abated, though he felt pitiably
weak. He brewed himself some strong tea,
ate a portion of his half bannock, bound up h is
leg carefully, and cutting himself a stout
willow staff, took the trail.

  He left behind him the carriole, his blan-
kets, even his rifle. His axe he had to take. He
needed it to cut firewood, and it would be
his only weapon in his last fight if he were
again attacked by wolves.

 For the wolves were back again. A
gaunt brute loped across the skyline into
some scrub just as he set out; a prick-eared
gray head thrust up from behind a rock to
his right.

  All that afternoon he stumbled on his
way, stopping often for short rests. The
low sun sank, but still the blessed chinook
swept across the waste. While it blew he
would not at any rate freeze to death.
Had the temperature been below zero,
death would have claimed him early.

  Then a big silver moon swung up and
gave him good light to travel by.

  He decided it was useless to camp for
the night; he must press on until he reached
the post, which could not be many miles
away now. Either that or fall exhausted
or be pounced on by the wolves. There
were wolves everywhere now, and his im-
agination created another of every inky
shadow the moon cast upon the snow.

  They began to close in upon him. No
longer did they keep at a distance, they
kept pace with him composedly at a few

yards distance. There were wolves on
the skyline waiting for him, and when he
looked back there were wolves slinking along
in his very footprints. They did not need
to attack. They had merely to bide their
time and let their prey wear himself out
in vain efforts to escape.

  He was moving very, very slowly, hardly-
moving at all now, and his tired eyes were
playing him unholy tricks. It was not only
his terrifying pursuers who were endued
with motion, the landscape expanded and
contracted, stretching itself out to infinity
under the rays of the moon or rushing to-
gether in one shapeless blur, the low hills
climbed on each other’s backs to get a look
at him, and the skyline waved like a length
of water weed in a swift running stream.

  He came to the foot of a ridge. It was
scarcely a hundred feet high, but it seemed
to him to shoot up to the stars like an im-
passable mountain barrier. He sank down
wearily in the snow and asked himself
seriously whether it was really worth while
to attempt such an arduous climb. The
wolves formed a ring around him. They
made no sound, but every second that
passed found the ring a little narrower.

  He was too tired even to be afraid, but
the indomitable fighting spirit in him still
lived. He raised a feeble shout and shook
his axe at them. They drew back a little,
and he got dizzily to his feet and stumbled
stubbornly up the slope.

  But now he felt that the end had really
come. A huge wolf, a lop-sided, ungainly,
lurching brute, was coming slowly but pur-
posefully straight at him, and behind him
at a little distance came a compact dark
mass that could only be the body of the
pack.

  He gave a little grim laugh. Yes, this
was the end, but he would fight it out.
He went down on one knee the better to
brace himself for the onset, his axe poised
for his last blow. The great wolf still lopped
grotesquely toward him.

  He measured the distance with his eye.
He could not be quite sure since everything
was so blurred and hazy, but he thought
another bound would bring the beast within
striking distance. He summoned all his
failing energies, and swung his axe upward.

 “Come on,-you,” he cried.

  But the blow never fell, for on a sudden
a man’s voice answered him.

  “Hello, there, hello.”
Questing

147

  Shorty was stricken motionless with sur-
prise, and in that instant the lame wolf gave
a last convulsive bound and was upon him.
Man and wolf rolled over in the snow to-
gether, the man fighting feebly to keep the
fangs from his throat. But the wolf only
made curious little eager whimpering noises
and licked his face.

  Slowly it penetrated into the little man’s
dulled brain that he was saved; that after
all King had proved loyal. He sat up,
his arms tight around King, who was boring
his nose into his master’s breast with soft
snorts and whimpers of devoted love.

  The wolf pack resolved itself into a
team of dogs and a carriole. A man in a

policeman’s uniform was standing over him.

  “Well, here you are, eh?” said the police-
man in a hearty voice, assumed to hide his
emotions. “Some dog that of yours. Blew
into the post around noon today. Wouldn’t
eat, wouldn’t let anybody put a finger on
him, wouldn’t do a thing but bark and howl
and raise the —•— until I hooked up and
followed him, and him hardly able to put
one foot in front of the other. I’d give a
million dollars for a dog like that.”

  Shorty raised a proud head though the
tears glistened in his eyes.

  “You couldn’t have this here dog,” he
said, “for a hundred million dollars. You
King! Oh, you King!”

   QUESTING

   by Harold Willard Gleason

VT 7ESTWARD of the sunset, where the sea is ever blue,

      Somewhere sails a galleon, with an ear-ringed, grizzled crew
Living over lives of strife, as deep-sea sailors do,

For moidores, moidores of Spain!

Down the breeze comes cutlas-clash, oath and fetter-clank,

Boom of belching culverin, creak of straining plank,

Shrilling scream of captive maid, splash as bodies sank
For moidores, moidores of Spain!

Click of dice on blood-stained planks, drinking chorus roared,
Snap of skull-flag up aloft, toast of all aboard,

Crash of shattered treasure-chest, and clink of golden hoard
Of moidores, moidores of Spain!

Dawn, and blood-red waves a-swirl, cleft by sharp black fin;
Dusk, and crimp and light-o’-love, ravening tribe of sin,

Quick to follow buccaneers, rolling boldly in

With moidores, moidores of Spain!

How escape the debtor’s chains? How forget despair?

How avoid the ghastly dance jigged on empty air?

Ship with Fortune’s gentlemen, and seek the beauty rare
Of moidores, moidores of Spain!

Westward of the sunset, those tall ships ever ride,

Manned by blades in lace and rags, poverty and pride—
Gentlemen of Fortune, who lived the life, and died,

For moidores, moidores of Spain!
Aammm mnmmm %l.pmhcJi Greene^

Author of “The Flame" “Blood and Fire," etc.

L iACOMBE slapped viciously at
I Ik.A 1 mosclu^oes which were feast-
I ||j|| 1 ing on his fat, naked thighs, then
‘	* turned and looked up at the

gray-bearded counsellors who were grouped
behind him.

  “As well expect to find wisdom in the
bleating of goats as in the words which come
from your mouths,” he growled peevishly.
“A price for everything, you say. That is
good; that is wise. But what is the price
I shall demand for my country—my cattle—
my people? What price shall I ask for the
blood of a nation? Au-a! That you do not
tell me.”

  He accepted the pot of beer a woman
offered him and handed it to the counsellor
nearest to him—an African potentate took
very little on trust even before the advent
of the white men to his country—and after
that man had swallowed two noisy, appreci-
ative mouthfuls snatched the pot back and
putting it to his lips did not lower it until
it was drained.

  “Tchat! That was good!” he exclaimed
as he let the empty pot fall from his hands.
“What have the white men to offer that
is worth, even, a brew of that sort?”

_ He chuckled happily and then gazed
proudly at his warriors who lined the stock-
ade of his kraal.

  “And what,” he asked, turning to his
counsellors again, “what price shall I
ask for my warriors—for this small regi-
ment which is gathered here to do me
honor—for the weakest man in that regi-
ment?”

  “At least, O Earthshaker,” a counsellor
answered timidly, “you know the price the
white men offer.”

  Macombe scowled as he looked at the
white men who were standing before him.

  Four of them wore ornate uniforms—
silver breast-plates; plumed helmets, tight-
fitting red riding-breeches with a wide strip
of gold braid running down the seams; white
leather gauntlets. Cavalry swords swung
at their sides—these and the box spurs they
wore on their highly polished riding boots
jangled musically when they moved.

  The fifth, he stood several paces in front
of the others, was a furtive looking, grubby
little man. He was dressed in filthy, grease-
stained rags; his mouth was hidden by a
ragged mustache which straggled down so
that it was hard to say where it ended and
his beard began; his red-rimmed eyes were
watery; he scratched himself continually.

  Meeting Macombe’s scowl, he smirked
self-consciously.

  “It is permitted that I speak, O Earth-
shaker?” he asked.
“—and of Gideon!”

149

  “I have done little but listen to you talk,

0	Pig.”

  “My name is Umglubu no longer, Earth-
shaker. I take again the name that was
mine before I came to dwell in this land.
These great ones—” he indicated the four
uniformed whites—“call me Ferdinand de
Sousa!”

  “That is all one to me,” Macombe said
with a contemptuos laugh. “A man once
called a hyena a lion, but that same night
the beast laughed at the moon—Pig!”

  Umglubu—the Pig—known to the police
authorities at Lisbon as Ferdinand de
Sousa, and wanted by them for several
despicable crimes—shrugged his shoulders
and laughed feebly at Macombe’s joke.

  “At least it is permitted that I speak,”
he asked again when he had recovered his
composure.

  Macombe inclined his head with pompous
gravity.

  “This I would say,” Umglubu continued
breathlessly: “The Portuguese king is all
powerful; his soldiers are more numerous
than the grains of sand on the river bed and
they go to and fro on the great waters in
houses spouting smoke. Should a nation
annoy him—then that nation ceases to be;
its kraals are blotted out, its men-folk
killed, the women are given to his soldiers
and the cattle are added to his herds. What
then, does such a powerful king want with
this poor country of Macombe’s? Why
does he send his most trusted advisors to
deal with Macombe?”

  “That is something I am still waiting
to hear,” Macombe interrupted irritably.
“Why don’t you white men of all tribes
remain in your own countries and leave us
black ones alone? We have no need of you;
we do not sleep or eat better because of
your coming. I grow weary of all this. My
ears are deafened by the voices of white
men who laud themselves and the race from
which they came and yet seek to take to
themselves this so worthless land of mine.

1	tell you that I distrust the man who
leaves his own platter of mealie-meal and
comes to dip his hand in mine—yet praises
the excellence of his own. For such a man
there is only one reply.” He squeezed his
nose with his thumb and forefinger and
added, “I do not like liars.”

  The four uniformed men moved uneasily
as a native, one of their servants, gave them
a garbled translation of Macombe’s speech.

One of them whispered something to their
spokesman. He nodded reassuringly.

  “Do not judge too hastily,” he said to the
chief. “These white men, the mouthpieces
of the great white king, do not seek your
land, your cattle or the blood of your war-
riors. They ask only that you and your
counsellors make your marks on the talking
paper and so proclaim to the world that you
and their overlord have entered into a
treaty of peace. That done they will see
to it that no white men come into your
country without your permission. Only
these four, and their friends, shall be per-
mitted to come and go as they will. In re-
turn for this they will give you many guns
and ammunition. And so, with their aid,
you will be a great power in the land—no
one shall stand before you.”

  Macombe snorted.

  “I have yet to see a white man give so
much for so little. Tell me again what the
talking paper says.”

  “Seven times I made known its voice to
you yesterday, O Macombe—five times I
have made it known to you today. And
to what end? The tale of it is always the
same; it can not lie.”

  “Men’s memories are shorter than my
shadow at noon,” the chief said senten-
iously. “I have forgotten.”

  Umglubu turned to his companions and
from one of them took a roll of parchment.
He winked slyly, then, turning to face Ma-
combe, undid the ribbon with which the roll
was tied, and smoothed out the parchment,
holding it so that Macombe and his counsel-
lors could see the gold-colored seals which
were affixed to it.

  He took a deep breath, then read swiftly;
sounding as if he were reciting a passage
learned by heart.

  “And,” he conluded, “in return for this
small favor, I promise to protect—with all
the force and arms of my kingdom—the
land of Macombe from the grasping hands
of all other white nations. In addition I will
give to Macombe five thousand rifles, five
thousand ball cartridges and much powder.
And-”

  Followed a list of trade goods well calcu-
lated to please a not over sophisticated
savage ruler.

Macombe nodded when it was finished.
“It is a lot to give for the little asked;
permission to dig a few holes in my coun-
try—that is all. What can come from a hole
150

Adventure

in the ground that can be so valuable in a
white man’s eyes? Yellow dirt? Tchat!
But five thousand rifles—only five thou-
sand, you said?”

  “No, six thousand,” Umglubu said hur-
riedly. “Macombe did not hear with open
ears.”

  “I could wish that my friend, the black-
robed one, were here to tell me the truth
of it all.”

  “His name is written here, Macombe—”
Umglubu pointed to a scrawled signature
on the back of the document. “He made
his ‘voice’ here just before he died.”

   “And the ‘talking paper’ does not lie?”
   Umglubu spread his hands.

  “How could it, Macombe? Would
‘Blackcoat’ have put his voice to a lie?
No. What is written, is written. It is surer
than the spoken work which cannot be re-
called. Macombe and his counsellors agree,
then, to make their marks?”

  “Not so fast, not so fast. Hurry the ox
and it will he down.”

  He turned away and after a whispered
consulation with his counsellors entered his
hut without further speech to the white
man.

  The uniformed men talked excitedly and
when their spokesman joined them re-
proached him for insisting that they come
to the kraal unarmed.

  “I don’t like the look of the warriors,”
one said. “And we are helpless. If we had

our pistols-”

  “Your death would be a little slower but
just as sure, that is all,” de Sousa, the Pig,
said scathingly. “But have no fear. They
intend us no harm—I know niggers—and
Macombe will make his mark yet. It is all
right, I tell you. Tomorrow or the next
day—what does it matter? To wait a week
is a small price to pay for the concession.
It is best not to seem too anxious—I know
niggers, I tell you. Let’s go back to the

wagons and, by the-, take your hands

from your swords and look less in fear of
your life.”

IT WAS noon when a messenger
came from Macombe. The white
men had discarded their uniforms
and were sprawled at ease in deck
chairs which their native servants had
"placed in the shade of a wide branched
baobab tree. The man de Sousa was seated
on a rock near by, endeavoring to dislodge

with a thorn a “jigger” which had burrowed
under a toe nail; he was listening to the
others talk of theaters and the gay life of
Lisbon, with hunger-filled eyes.

  “Macombe would speak to you,” said the
messenger, a wrinkled-faced, gray-bearded
native.

  “You hear that!” de Sousa shouted.
“Macombe wants to see me. That can only
mean one thing.”

  The others jumped to their feet and-
began to get into their uniforms. The

messenger eyed their preparations with
disfavor.

  “Tell them,” he said, “that Macombe
wishes to speak with you—alone.”

  “Is he going to make his mark?” de Sousa
asked the messenger when he had told the
others that he w'as to go alone, and they had
reseated themselves, their faces showing
great relief.

  The native nodded.

  “We think it is folly— but Macombe will
not be moved. He is like a young bull;
he disregards the council of the gray-

beards.”

  “He’s going to give us the concession,’
de Sousa shouted excitedly, clutching at the
arm of one of the others. “What did I tell
you, D’Andra? And you, you will keep
your word? Because of this there shall
be no more talk of hangings? I shall be
permitted to return to Portugal a free
man; a good pension will be paid me, and,
ah! There shall be wine and women
and-”

  D’Andra—he was a tall, thin man; there
was a hard cold gleam in his eyes and his
well-waxed mustache curled away from a
“—and of Gideon!”

151

small, cruel mouth—impatiently shook the
other’s hand from his sleeve.

  “I have given my word,” he said coldly.
“You shall be suitably rewarded, have no
doubt of that. But I did not promise to
embrace you.”

  De Sousa scowled.

  “You treat me as if I were no better than
sewer scum,” he said with sullen bitterness.
“You remember many things about me that
I seek to forget. You think of my black
wives and the years I have lived like a pig
in this country—lived anywhere to get be-
yong the reach of the prison and death that
awaited me. But—” his face lighted, his
voice took on a triumphant note—“you for-
get that I make it possible for you to take
back this concession; without me your mis-
sion would have failed. My name will be
remembered when yours—D’Andra—is for-
gotten.”

  He hurried away up the hill and entering
the kraal came to the hut of Macombe.
There he was stopped by armed warriors.
“Macombe sent for me,” he said confi-
dently. “Out of my way, dogs.”

  “He now tells you to rest awhile,” one
answered, “and sends you beer to drink
while you wait.”

  They forced him to sit on an upturned
gourd, gave him a large pot of beer and stood
guard over him.

  The sun was hot, the beer potent; after
a little while he slept.

 It was nearly sundown when he was
awakened by the sharp points of assegais
sticking into his ribs. Looking up he saw
Macombe standing before him, surrounded
by his counsellors and bodyguard.

  “I have slept a long time, Macombe,”
he faltered.

  “Truly—and it is not wise to sleep in the
sun- The beer I sent you was, perhaps, too
strong,” the chief commented solicitiously.

  “It was good beer—much better than
those wives of mine used to brew.”

  “It is the custom of wives to brew a heady
mixture,” Macombe said dryly, then added
sharply, “where is the ‘talking paper’ that
I may make my mark on it?”

  All sleep left Umglubu’s eyes. With a
flourish he produced the parchment; from
his tattered garments he took an ink-horn
and quill pen.

  With eager, trembling fingers he pointed
to where the chief and his counsellors should
make their marks and when that was done

he rubbed the inky pen over the ball of
Macombe’s thumb and pressed it on the
parchment beside his sprawling mark.

  “The paper does not lie, you say?” Ma-
combe questioned slowly when all was
finished.

  “No, Macombe.”

  “And you spoke its words to me?”
  “Truly!”

  “Au-a! I am still amazed that white men
should give so much for so little. Now let
us go and bid those others—whose mouth-
piece you are—to celebrate the thing we
have done. Twelve oxen shall be killed;
my young men and maidens shall dance.”
Escorted by his bodyguard, his big,
powerful hand firmly clasping Umglubu’s
shoulder, his counsellors following closely
behind, Macombe left the kraal and walked
slowly down the hill to where the white men
had outspanned.

  But there was no sign of wagons, or horses
or men! Only the gray ashes of fires and a
litter of empty bottles and tins, showed
where the white men had camped.

  Umglubu, Ferdinand de Sousa, the Pig—
felt strangely alone and afraid.

  Macombe’s grip tightened on his shoul-
der.

  “They have gone!” the white man cried
in distress.

  “Aye—so they have,” Macombe agreed
heavily. “I had forgotten. They left in
great haste—shortly after noon, it was.
First I spoke to them, though, through the
mouth of one of their black dogs who spoke
their tongue and mine.”

  “But”

  “But, why, you would ask? Au-a! They
are true men. They do not like liars or deal
in lies. When I made known to them that I

knew that the ‘talking paper’ lied they-”

  “It does not lie, Macombe!” the white
man shouted fearfully.

  “Fool!” Macombe said sternly. “Fool to
lie—and a still greater fool to judge Ma-
combe a fool! Shall I have Mzila, here—”
he indicated the wizened counsellor who
had come for Umglubu earlier in the day
with the message that the chief wished to
speak with him—-“repeat what the ‘talking
paper’ said the first time you gave us its
words, and the last time, and all the times
in between? And if the paper this time
spoke of fifty rolls of red cloth, while at that

time it spoke of sixty rolls of blue-”

  “Mzila is old,” the white man began, his
152

Adventure

eyes shifting constantly, his feet scuffling
in the red dust of the veld. Mzila is old
and-”

  “Mzila lies, or forgets, you would say?”
The pressure of Macombe’s hand was a
torture. “Mzila lies? To what end?
Mzila forgets? Au-a! Mzila, who can re-
member all the years, and the happenings
of those years, back to the day when my
father’s father was born; aye, and before
that! Au-a! Be not a fool as well as a
liar!

  “And so, when I spoke of these things
to the white men who dress as great war-
riors, they acted as great warriors should.
They washed their hands of you—O dirty
one who has never washed—they denied
that you were their mouthpiece; they told
their black dogs to inspan and drove hur-
riedly away. It may be,” he added with a
chuckle—“that they feared somewhat the
assegais of my warriors—they are very
sharp and always thirsty for the blood of
liars.”

  He looked at Umglubu with amused toler-
ance; laughed aloud when the little man
tried to squirm out of his grasp; laughed
again when the white man, his face livid
with fear, shook his fist and screamed;
gasped at the curses and blasphemies which
tumbled from the white man’s lips in a
garbled torrent of words—at first the words
had no meaning to Macombe but present-
ly—the full portent of the desertion coming
home to him—-the white man forgot the
tongue to which he was born and cursed
solely in the language of the country.

  “Peace, little one,” Macombe said mildly.
“You have cause only to rejoice. I have
put my mark to the ‘talking paper’ which
I leave in your hands. You still live—and
I have not ordered my warriors to kill you.
Instead—see how merciful I am—I give
you into the safe keeping of your wives.
They still have a great regard for you.
Their huts have been empty since the com-
ing of those white warriors. They have
mourned your absence and wrait eagerly for
your return to them.

  “Go to them—and go quickly!”

  He pushed the white man from him with
such force that Umglubu fell headlong to
the ground. A moment he lay there, whim-
pering. Then, rising slowly to his feet he
gazed helplessly about him until, seeing
four women advancing ponderously toward
him, he fled howling along the trail taken

by the wagons, the women close at his heels.

  He did not get far. Soon they caught up
with him. He struggled deperately for a
little while and then, beaten, thoroughly
cowed, he stood meekly in their midst while
they upbraided him in loud, scolding voices.

  “Guard him well, you black heifers,”
Macombe shouted.

  “We will, O Earthshaker,” one of them
shouted. She was enormously fat; fat cov-
ered and hid her figure as much as if it
were a huge, misshapen garment. She was
the head wife of Umglubu, the Pig—some-
time called Ferdinand de Sousa—and in the
lobe of her ear, taking the place of the brass
cartridge case which usually adorned it,
was the parchment to which Macombe and
his counsellors had set their marks. The
red ribbon with which the roll was tied
dangled coquettishly down to her shoulders.

“YOU wished to see me?”

Don Paulos D’Andra—son of
that D’Andra who twenty years
ago had tried to win a concession
from Macombe—looked up with a petulant
frown from the papers he was examining so
closely, wiped his hands fastidiously on a
white, cambric handkerchief, then leaned
back in his chair and thoughtfully toyed
with his scented, well-waxed mustache.

  “Ah, yes, Gonzales,” he said with an af-
fected simper. “I believe I do wish to have
a talk with you. Yes.”

  He nodded as if he had had doubts
on the matter but that they were now
cleared up.

  “It is hard to remember anything in
this cursed hole called Lourenco Marques.
I shall always regret that we did not sell it
to the greedy English. That would be a so-
easy way to defeat our enemies: Sell them
this so beautiful sea-port; in a little while
the garrison will all have died of blackwater
and we take the port back again to sell
to another empire-grabbing nation. There
now,” he chuckled, “is not that a wonder-
ful scheme? I will send a memorandum of
it to His Excellency the Governor.”

  The man called Gonzales scowled and
tugged impatiently at his gray-flecked
beard; his nostrils twitched constantly as if
he were trying to detect the source of a cloy-
ing odor which pervaded the room.

  “You did not send for me just in order
that I might listen to your buffonery, did
you?” he growled. “You presume too far
“—and of Gideon!”

153

on the friendship I had for your father.”
His voice was harsh and there was some-
thing essentially brutal in the glint of his
eyes.

  D’Andra looked up at the ceiling, a mock-
pious expression on his face.

  “Dear Gonzales,” he murmured. “You
are so primitive. You talk to me as if I
were one of your niggers whom you were
preparing to sjambok.” He brought his
watery, blue eyes down to meet the other’s
beady, black ones. Then he laughed softly
and wagged an admonishing forefinger.
“It is most gauche of you to bring the man-
ners of the veld into my office. You—-—”

  “One would almost say, ‘into your bou-
doir,’ ” Gonzales interrupted scathingly,
and with a contemptuous gesture he indi-
cated the soft draperies which shaded the
window, the soft cushions, the array of
toilet preparations and the dainty orna-
ments which cluttered the room.

  When his roving eye saw a bowl of incense
which was burning before a jade image in a
corner of the room he lost all restraint.

  “-!” he roared. “It is that which

stinks! When will you be a man?”

  He squirted a stream of tobacco juice into
the jar, then opened a window at the back of
the office with such force that a pane of
glass was shattered and tinkled in tiny
fragments on the flag-stoned courtyard of
the fort.

  A gentle breeze fluttered the curtains; a
breeze that was heavily laden w'ith manifold
odors—and not one of them pleasant—of an
ill-kept, tropical city.

  D’Andra put a scent-drenched handker-
chief to his nose.

  “At least you will admit,” he said faintly,
his voice muffled by the handkerchief, “that
the incense was better than this breath of
-?”

  “I admit nothing,” Gonzales said heavily.
“A hyena smells much worse, and a kaffir
hut—” He broke off with a snort. “Now
tell me what you want and let me go. Per
Dios! If it were not for memories of your
father I would wash my hands of you.
What is it this time—more money? What
do you do with your pay and the money
which importers are always willing to lose
in the pockets of a custom official?”

  “I am not asking for money, Senhor
Gonzales,” D’Andra said stiffly, “though
that is always welcome and, if you have a
little to spare——”

  “What then—” Gonzales ignored the
hint— “Women?”

 “Women I can handle without any
assistance.”

  “That I can well believe. You should
understand them fully—at least as well as
a woman understands a woman.” He
cursed under his breath when D’Andra
ignored the insult. “Well, what is it,” he
demanded sharply. “I have much to do.
Tomorrow I trek for the country of the
Makalanga.”

  D’Andra sat erect.

  “That is Macombe’s country,” he stated,
as one making a great discovery.

  “Of course, yes,” Gonzales said tolerant-
ly. “You are not quite as ignorant as I
thought.”

  “And you are going there.”

  “As I have said. I go to escort a so
learned professor from the university of
Lisbon who believes that he can locate the
lost mines of Solomon. A fool’s errand;
but he pays well and it will be a peaceful
change after ivory hunting in the British
lion’s territory.

  “You nearly lost a foster father on my
last trip, D’Andra. A mounted policeman
missed me by three inches and before he
could get his sights on me for another shot
I was across the border with all my carriers
and a fine lot of tusks. He was a fool not
to fire again—even if I was across the
border. But your Englishman is always a
fool.

  “He obeys the laws—except when he
breaks them all; even then he appeases his
conscience by saying, ‘I am the law!’—-and
so 1 thumbed my nose at that fool trooper.
He cursed and swore and shook his fist at
me. But that was all and I posted no
guards around my camp that night even
though only a little streamlet separated us.

  “And now—” Gonzales shoulders shook
with laughter—“I return to a district which
that trooper sometimes patrols and I shall
thumb my nose at him again. He can not
touch me for my little professor has letters
from the British Colonial office giving his
expedition safe conduct; furthermore, it is
ordered that we be shown every courtesy
and given any assistance we may require.”
D’Andra rubbed his hands gleefully to-
gether.

  “It could not be better; if I had had the
planning of it I could not have done better,”
he murmured.
154

Adventure

  “What is that?” Gonzales asked sus-
piciously.

  “Wait! I will tell you all in good time.
But first tell me about Macombe’s country.
Do the English own it?”

  “No. It is free land. Long ago many
tried to get a concession from the chief—
but all failed. Your father was one of those
who tried; you did not know that? It is
not strange. It was not a thing to boast
about. Failures rarely are. Still, he was
very young then. Ah, well! And so, as I
say, Macombe kept his country to himself.
But the British, when they took over
Lobenguella’s country and made it Rhode-
sia, they unofficially notified the Powers
that they would consider any tampering
with Macombe an unfriendly act. Natu-
rally—” Gonzales shrugged his shoulders—
“Macombe was left alone.”

  “But they have not proclaimed a Pro-
tectorate or--”

  “They have done nothing, save assume—
they are skilled in such assumptions—that
Macombe was their man and was highly
appreciative of their moral excellence.
One trooper, specially detailed for the task,
spasmodically patrols the district; a native
commissioner from an adjoining district
spares time twice a year to hear complaints
at Macombe’s kraal and always excuses
the natives from paying the hut tax which
they had no intention of paying. It is a
grand gesture—almost the natives have
come to believe that he is showing a most
godlike generosity!”

  “And there are no white settlers in the
country?”

  “None—save for a trader who arrived
there shortly after your father’s expedition.”
“And this trader; what is his nationality?
Could he be bought?”

  “He has no nationality. Undoubtedly he
could be bought if occasion demanded it.”
“Do you know him, Gonzales!”

  The big man smiled.

  “No. But his name is Isaacs.”

  D’Andra made a moue of disgust.

  “These Jews! They inherit the earth.”
  Gonzales nodded.

  “True! But they are great explorers.
First the hunters, then the Jew traders, then .
the missionaries, and after them—You have
heard the old saying?”

  “Of course—you are long-winded, Gon-
zales. Is there a missionary in the district.”
“So I have heard—a newcomer.”

  “He would have his price too?”
“Undoubtedly All men—” Gonzales
broke off with an oath. “We gossip like
old women,” he said irritably, yet looked
with renewed interest at D’Andra. That
young exquisite seemed to be genuinely
interested in the status of Macombe’s
country. “Why do you ask me all this?”

  “I am in the Governor’s bad books. He
threatens to have me demoted because I
was a little drunk the other day.”

  Gonzales’ face hardened.

  “Well?”

  “And so,” D’Andra continued languidly,
“I have decided to annex this country of
Macombe’s and add it to our possessions.
Then, when I have been rewarded by high
promotion, I shall reprimand the Governor
because he—ah—because I do not like the
way he parts his hair.”

  Gonzales threw up his hands in a frenzy
of mock despair.

  “And I stay here listening to the imbe-
cile ravings of an idiot when I should be

getting ready for tomorrow’s trek-”

  “Wait, Senhor Gonzales,” D’Andra said
with a simpering laugh. “Calm yourself
and read this.”

  He picked up the document which he had
been reading when Gonzales had entered.
It was a torn and wrinkled parchment,
yellow with age and incescribably filthy.

m GONZALES took it and glanced
at it casually. Suddenly his body
stiffened, his attitude changed from
indifference to tense interest. He
read it through carefully, examined the
signatures, the gold seals and the endorse-
ment on the back of it.

  “Por Dios!” he exclaimed presently. “It
is the concession your father tried to get
from Macombe twenty years ago. How
did it come into your hands?”

  “A filthy beast who called himself Ferdin-
and de Sousa brought it to me. He had
asked to be taken to Colonel D’Andra—
but, of course, it was my father he wanted
to see. When I told him that my respected
father was dead he mumbled something—
I didn’t understand all that he said. He
spoke as if Portuguese was a strange lan-
guage to him and he interlarded his talk
with a lot of queer-sounding native words—
to the effect that he hoped my sire was
burning in fire—he probably is.

  “I also gathered that he had been kept a
“—and of Gideon!”

155

slave by Macombe for over twenty years.
He told a funny story: He spoke a lot of
his four wives; they must have led him a
life of—he kept looking over his shoulder
as if afraid they were coming after him.”
D’Andra laughed.

  “Yes—a funny story,” he continued.
“ ’Specially the part about his escape. It’s
too long to tell you now. But he got very
violent toward the end. He demanded that
I give him an outrageous sum of money—
threatening to tell every one how my father
had played the part of a coward twenty
years ago. As if any one cares! I could

laugh at that—I felt sorry for the poor-.

Imagine, Gonzales! Four wives—and one
so fat that she could not walk but had to
be carried from her hut and placed in the
sun every day. He said she wore the con-
cession in the lobe of her ear. Poor -!

For twenty years he looked at wealth and
a mountain of fat. I felt sorry for him un-
til he threw that filthy thing—” D’Andra
indicated the parchment Gonzales was still
holding—“at me. Then I was forced to call
two orderlies and have him ejected. He
fought—but they were too strong for him

and he was very old. And so-”

  D’Andra brushed the palms of his hands
lightly together.

  “Where is this Ferdinand de Sousa now?”
“He is probably burning in company
with my father,” D’Andra said lightly.
“The struggle with my orderlies was too
much for him. He died, noisily, just out-
side the door.”

Gonzales looked curiously at D’Andra.
“Is that a pose,” he muttered. “Or are
you really as callous as that sounds. If
you are—■” his eyes narrowed to small slits—
“I have great hopes for you.”

  “Never mind that,” D’Andra said impa-
tiently. “Tell me—is that concession worth
anything?”

  “It is worth everything—worth all that it
says—if we can get the British to honor it.
It is properly signed, witnessed and en-
dorsed. True, the white men who nego-
tiated it are all dead—but they did not act
for themselves but for the crown, and that
never dies. Probably, too, many of the
headmen who made their marks here are
dead. But that does not matter. Neither
does it matter that the Jesuit priest who en-
dorsed it is dead.

  “That is a matter for congratulation, for
he signed the endorsement just before he

died, believing that he was signing a letter
he had dictated to your father. But his
signature is unmistakable; no one will dare
to challenge it.”

  “Then there is nothing to stop us from
annexing the country,” D’Andra cried ex-
ultantly.

  Gonzales shook his head doubtfully.

  “It is not as easy as that,” he said. “Fif-
teen years ago—even ten years ago—we
would only have had to produce this—” he
tapped the parchment—“and take posses-
sion. But now—-it will be very difficult;
maybe impossible. The British will not
give up Macombe’s so easily. Its adminis-
tration by another power would mean re-
moving Rhodesia still further from a sea-
port.

  “As soon as they hear of this they’ll try
to prove it a forgery—and it is, inasmuch as
the priest did not know what he was signing;
and, of course, Macombe didn’t. They
won’t be able to prove a forgery but they’ll
immediately get Macombe to appeal to
them for protection. Remember — they
have his ear; they have been on friendly
terms with him for many years and our
Government is not exactly popular with the
natives. Also, the British are, in a sense,
in possession and our Government dare not
risk coming to an open rupture with
them-”

  “But international law—” D’Andra be-
gan.

  Gonzales sneered.

  “Possession is nine points of that. You
forget that the Big Powers make interna-
tional laws—we smaller nations obey them.
No! It is a wild dream: For a moment I
considered it possible. But, after all,
that—” he tossed the parchment down on
the desk—“is only interesting as a curio,
that’s all!”

  D’Andra smiled.

  “For a man who has the reputation of
being the cunningest ivory poacher and
dealer in black ivory in the country, you are
singularly dense. You are unable to make
use of the opportunities which present them-
selves. Do you think that I mean to pub-
lish this concession until I have taken pos-
session? Not so. When you leave for Ma-
combe’s country tomorrow morning, I shall
go with you—you must arrange that for me
with the Governor; it shall be said that I
have gone on a hunting trip; that you are
taking me to—er—make a man of me.
156

Adventure

  “Our porters shall all be of the military.
They will look like porters, yes; but their
rifles and ammunition will be hidden in their
packs. And, yes. I think it will be pos-
sible for us to take, also, two maxim guns.
We will disguise them as—what does it
matter? It is not necessary to be over
clever when dealing with the British. Think
how the Boers imported arms, under their
noses, in piano frames!

  “Further—it is to be remembered that
the British have given us free entry and
promise us all the aid we desire; they are so
eager to advance the cause of science—^spe-
cially when there is an outside chance that
science may locate rich gold reefs for them.”
D’Andra looked triumphantly at Gon-
zales.

  “I was wrong when I called you a fool,”
Gonzales said slowly. “A little I am be-
ginning to see-”

  “Ah! You’ve caught the scent, eh?”
D’Andra cried exultantly. “And so, when
we have entrenched ourselves securely—
that will be easy; our scientist will have to
excavate—we hold Macombe prisoner un-
til he implores the protection of our great
government—and that too should be easy;
it is rumored that you have most persuasive
ways with niggers.

  “That done and the rest is easy. We will
have the concession plus a peaceful occupa-
tion backed up by a request from the chief
that we take over his country. The Lion
will squeal and growl—but that is all.
Public opinion will be against him, and he is
afraid of that.”

  “You are a clever-, D’Andra. And

I believe it will work. In any case, we
can’t lose. We ought to acquire wealth as
the result of this.”

PRESUMABLY the two white men
were hunting. Each carried a gun—
one, a modern, small-bore rifle; the
other, an old-fashioned, very heavy,
smooth-bored weapon which looked as if it
would be infinitely more dangerous to the
user than the target he aimed at.

  They walked with exaggerated caution,
peering constantly to the right and left,
parting the bushes with steady, searching
hands, taking each step with as much care
as if they were walking on eggs. But the
silence of their footfalls, their clever avoid-
ance of dried twigs—the snapping of which
might give the alarm to some wild creature

of the bush—-was completely nullified by
their incessant chatter and gay, carefree
laughter.

  At one place they had surmounted a
slight rise and all about them the bush had
thinned giving them a clear view of a wide
valley down the center of which the dark
green of the bush was trimmed by a glisten-
ing silver ribbon of water; and here they
halted and watched a herd of elephants
playing in the river shallows.

  “Let’s go nearer,” the man in black said
breathlessly.

  “Nunno! I vouldn’t go any nearer them
beasts for anything. My, but they’re a
sight to watch, ain’t they?”

  “Pooh! It’s safe enough. We could get
right up close to them—the wind’s right.
Come along, Isaacs.”

  “Nunno, missioner! It might be safe,
and then again it might not and, if it vasn’t,
we vouldn’t have no second thought. Be-
sides, it’s farther to them elephants than
vot you think.”

  The other nodded regretfully.

  “I’d like nothing better than to stay here
and watch them. Wish I’d brought my
field glasses along.”

  Isaacs smiled.

  “You’re a great hunter, you are. How
often do you think a lion vould eat if he sat
down and watched vonderful sights like
that—” He indicated the distant herd of
elephants with a flowery wave of his hand.
“An’ the bush is full of them if a fallow’s got
eyes to see. An’ anyway, you’ll have a
chance to see them very close pretty soon.
We’ll have to have a elephant hunt; they
are getting too cheeky. They’re beginning
to take vot don’t belong to them. Ma-
combe sent me vord that they’re raiding the
crops near his kraal at Misongwe. They’ll
be knocking down the huts next. Veil,
let’s go on.”

  As he spoke he placed his heavy gun care-
fully underneath a bush.

  “I’ll get it vhen we come back—” his
deep, booming voice sounded oddly incon-
gruous coming from such a puny body.
“I don’t vant to carry it any farther. Any-
vay, we von’t see no game.” He looked up
at his black-garbed companion, his black
eyes greatly magnified by the strong-lensed
glasses he wore, twinkling with mirth. “And
I can talk better vithout it,” he added.

  The other’s thin lips twitched in an an-
swering smile.
“—and of Gideon!”

157

  “When I look at that hideous shirt of
yours,” he said—it was a vivid crimson with
wide, green stripes—“I don’t think you want
to see any buck. And I don’t believe you’d
shoot one if you saw one.”

  Isaacs grinned.

  “Maybe not, missioner. But the shirt
now! It is a good shirt, ain’t it? An’
pretty? And, anyvay, about the buck—
vhen I wear a shirt like this I give them a
sporting chance. They see it, an’, if they’re
wise, they run like —-—■! for leather and
W for waxworks,” he added quickly with a
supplicating glance at his companion.

  “That doesn’t help you, Isaacs,” that
man said triumphantly. “You’re fined one
shilling.”

  Isaacs made a woeful face.

  “Oy!” he exclaimed. “I’ll be ruined.
Ten shillings I owe you already and we’ve
only been gone from the store three hours.

Vot’s a couple o’-?”

  “That makes it twelve shillings. I’ll be
able to get another chair for the mission at
this rate.”

  Isaacs chuckled; then said seriously:
“You ought to be a storekeeper, sure you
ought. Vhy don’t you come in partner-
ship vith me. Think of the money you’d
make? You’re a good man vasted; you
hadn’t ought to be a missioner. That ain’t

a man’s job anyvay an’-”

  “The Lord’s work is essentially a man’s
job,” the other said with solemn pomposity.
Then he coughed and seemed to be greatly
interested in a vulture which was hovering
high over-head.

  Isaacs looked at him slyly.

  “Oy! But I’m disappointed in you,
Mister Miles,” he said. “That you should
talk business here! You make me think of
stuffy buildings, an’ honest men callin’ each
other liars, an’ liars sayin’ they’re honest.
An’ for a foment I forget all this.” He
flung his arms wide to indicate the surround-
ing country. “Even the shilling you’ve got
to pay me ain’t goin’ to make up for it. I
ought to raise the price. An’ that vulture
now—he's a filthy scavenger, but he looks
; pretty up there an’ he flies high, don’t he?”
1 The Reverend Mr. Miles looked down at
saacs.

  “I’m sorry,” he said simply. “But you
trapped me into that. You know you did.”
“Sure,” Isaacs admitted. “But I can’t
lose all the time; that ain’t good business.
-, no!”

  “Thirteen, you heathen!”

  They walked on for a while in silence and
then Isaacs waved his hands and jumped
excitedly up and down.

  There was a snort, a padding of hooves
and a cloud of dust sprang up from the
ground directly in their path. Some bushes
swayed as if touched by a gentle breeze—
then all was still again.

  Miles looked accusingly at the little, bow-
legged storekeeper.

  “That was a buck, wasn’t it?”

  “Sure! A kudu bull. He was sleepin’
in the shade of the ant-hill. But you
couldn’t shoot a sleepin’ buck—that ain’t
sportin’. So I made him run for you—
Vhy didn’t you shoot?”

  “You’re a funny fellow,” the missionary
said slowly.

 “Oy!” lugubriously. “Maybe I am a
little queer. Maybe it is that I have
live alone so long vith the natives so
that I have come to think and act like
them.”

  “No!” the missionary shook his head.
“I didn’t mean that. Besides, what native
would pass up an opportunity of killing a
buck just because it was asleep. No.
You act and talk like the white man you

are and-”

  Isaacs squirmed uncomfortably.

  “Never mind that,” he said hastily. “But
about the buck now. Vhy shoot ’em. We
have plenty of food in tins, and chickens.
Besides, it’s cheaper to talk—ammunition
don’t cost nothing!”

  “All right,” Miles assented. “Let us sit
over there.”

  He pointed to a jumble of rocks which
fringed a small clearing.

THEY made themselves as corn-
's fortable as possible and Isaacs,
Ply lighting a cigar, lolled back, his
hands clasped behind his head,
and puffed contentedly.

  Miles, not having yet learned the value
of complete relaxation—it is necessary in’
order for a white man to conserve the
strength which Africa constantly and in-
sidiously tries to sap from him—sat erect,
his hands clasped about his knees. He
hummed softly one of the barbaric chants of
the natives of the district; his feet tapped to
its tempo.

  “About that song, now—” Isaacs said
presently.
158

Adventure

  The humming stopped, but Miles’ feet
still tapped the savage rhythm.

  “Yes?” he questioned eagerly. He knew
that the storekeeper was about to give him
a dissertation on some strange custom of the
people he knew so well. The man’s fund
of knowledge, his understanding of the
black man’s psychology, was an unfailing
source of amazement to Miles. He knew,
too, that without the storekeeper’s active
assistance his mission would be an abject
failure.

  But,' before Isaacs could continue, a loud
snorting noise sounded from a near-by
thicket.

  Both men sprang to their feet, Miles’
gun up to his shoulder, his finger toying
nervously with the trigger. They saw a
shadowy form making its way noisily
through the long grass—saw a tufted tail
waving above its back.

  “It’s a lion,” Miles gasped and fired
just as Isaacs knocked up the muzzle of
his gun.

  “What—” the missionary began hotly.
Then, “Run, Isaacs!”

  He turned himself and made for a tree
standing on the opposite side of the clear-
ing, just as the beast came galloping out of
the bush. It stopped midway across the
clearing and gazed suspiciously at Isaacs,
blinking its near-sighted eyes. The little
man stooped and picking up a pebble
flicked it at the beast. It hit the bush pig
on the snout. Turning with incredible
speed the beast rushed to an ant-bear hole,
whirled swiftly and backed into it. But
that hole already had an occupant and the
pig, taking the ungentle hint of the tenant,
catapulted out of the hole with a squeal and
made for another one.

  He went into that with even greater
speed than he’d already shown, seeming to
lunge backward. But the hole was too
small for him. His narrow hindquarters
entered easily enough—but there he stuck;
half in and hah out. The expression on the
pig’s ugly face—an expression of hurt sur-
prize and realization of his helpless position
—was too much for Isaacs. He laughed—
a shrill, piping laugh—until the tears ran
down his plump red cheeks, laughed until
his thin legs crumpled up under him for
weakness and he sat on the ground, his
hands to his sides, seeking to control the
laughter which verged on hysterical giggles.

  “Go away,” he gasped weakly as Miles,

looking very shamefaced, his clothing torn
in several places—unfortunately the tree he
had selected to climb was of a very thorny
variety—came and stood over him. “You
were so foony,” Isaacs continued. “You
and the bush pig—look at him.”

  “You knew it wasn’t a lion from the
first,” Miles said accusingly. “Why didn’t
you tell me?”

  “Vhy didn’t I tell you, you ask,” Isaacs
said between giggles. “You gave me no
time. You was in so much of a hurree.
You know, missioner, you vas just like that
bush pig. First you shoot off at something
vot isn’t so, and then you go an’ climb a tree
you can’t climb. But you’re improving,
sure you are. But ain’t that pig a good
sermon, now? An’ ain’t he foony?”

  A smile broke the missionary’s stern ex-
pression, the smile became a chuckle, the
chuckle a peal of laughter. The bush pig
looked at them aggrievedly, looked back
over his shoulder to see what was holding
him and then squealed an accompaniment
to the hilarious laughter of the two men.

 “Will-—he—be—able—to—get—out?”
Miles asked pointing a shaking finger at the
trapped beast.

  “Sure he vill as soon as he stops squealing
and uses his brains. He ain’t held as fast
as all that. A wiggle or two an’ he’ll be
out. See! He’s getting vise already.”

  As Isaacs spoke the pig stopped squealing
and began to paw frantically at the ground
under his fore feet. Slowly at first, then
with a rush, he managed to extricate him-
self. Once free of the hole he shook himself
vigorously, turned and looked at the hole
reproachfully and then, tossing his head, he
slunk sheepishly off into the bush, appar-
ently very self-conscious and sensitive to
the laughter of the two men.

  They were still laughing—quite oblivious
to their surroundings—when a horseman
appeared suddenly out of the bush and
reined his horse to a halt not many feet
from them.

        HE WAS an elegant creature—
|g|P||a man evidently more accus-
tomed to upholstered divans than
the hard leather of a saddle,
more accustomed to course dinners than
brick-velds, more familiar with the flesh
pots than a “billy.” The exaggerated cut
of his clothes—a romanticized, comic opera
idea of what a man should wear on the veld
“—and of Gideon!”

159

—accentuated his soft, effeminate appear-
ance.

With one elegantly gauntleted hand rest-
ing lightly on his hip, the other tenderly
caressing his mustache, he watched the
two men for a moment, a sneer on his face.
Presently he spoke—

  “You must be mad, I think.”

  The two men looked up with a start,
Isaacs springing to his feet. Then they
began to laugh again.

  The horseman frowned, bit his bottom
lip, flicked impatiently at the swarm of
flies which hovered about him and,

 “My name is D’Andra, Paulos D’An-
dra,” he said in a cold contemptuous voice.
“I am not accustomed to having pigs laugh
at me.”

  Isaacs hid the interest he felt in the slight
foreign accent in the man’s voice.

  “Softly now,” he muttered and put a
soothing hand on Miles’ sleeve as that man
was about to make a heated retort. The
missionary did not like being called a pig;
neither did Isaacs, but—

  “Oy,” he said. “Don’t get angry, mis-
ter. We vasn’t laughing at you. Nunno!
We was a laughing at a bush pig vot got
stuck in an ant-bear hole. He vas very
foony. You would have laughed yourself
had you see him. First he tried to get
into a hole vot already had somebody in
it, an’ then he tried to get into a hole vot
was too small for him. An he got stuck—
an’ he vas very foony.”

  Isaacs beamed at the man who called
himself D’Andra, as if hoping to find an
answering twinkle of mirth in that man’s
eyes. Seeing only suspicious resentment
there, he continued in almost apologetic
tones, “I ain’t jokin’, mister. If you don’t
believe me, ask the missioner here. His
name’s Miles—Mister the Reverend Miles.
Mine’s Isaacs, Joseph Isaacs—though most
people call me ‘Big Un.’ That’s because
I’m so small, maybe. The English are very
foony, ain’t they? You Portuguese, ain’t

you? On a huntin< trip, no? You-”

  D’Andra waved his hand impatiently.
“No. We do not come to hunt. We have
come on a scientific mission—to locate the
lost mines of Solomon. We intend to stay
at your store tonight—of course you’re
Isaacs, the storekeeper?—and tomorrow we
go on to Misongwe to go through the formal-
ity of asking the chief—Macombe, isn’t
it?—for permission to dig.”

  Isaacs nodded and Miles—he had been
stubbing his toes in the dirt, trying to over-
come his instinctive dislike of D’Andra
—now looked up with interest.

  “And I suppose you will also,” Isaacs
said slowly, “go through the formality of
asking the storekeeper for permission to
stay at his store?”

  “Oh, you,” D’Andra scoffed. “Why
should wre do that? You, of course, have
your price which we will pay. That is
all there is to that. You naturally sell
hospitality as you sell trade goods to
niggers.”

  Again the pressure of Isaac’s hand on his
arm prevented the missionary from making
a hot retort.

  “Sure,” Isaacs agreed complacently. “I
have my price—a man must eat. How
many are there in your party?”

  “Two other white men and one hundred
and fifty porters.”

  “-!” Isaacs looked quickly at the

missionary whose lips formed “fourteen.”
“Vot you goin’ to do with all them? An’,
anyvay, you don’t expect me to feed all
them, do you?”

  “Oh, no,” D’Andra said airily. “Senhor
Gonzales—he’s in charge of the expedition—
believes in allowing the carriers to live off
the country we pass through. They can
take care of themselves at some near-by
kraal. What they want—they’ll take.”
“You mean that you don’t pay for the
grain and stuff your porters take from the
kraals,” Miles asked hotly.

  D’Andra looked at him with amused
contempt.

  “Naturally not,” he replied with a shrug
of his thin shoulders. “Why should we?”
“Macombe von’t like that,” Isaacs said
gravely. “Maybe he von’t give you per-
mission to stay in his country vhen he hears
of it.”

  “We stay whether he gives us permission
or not,” D’Andra said indifferently. “We
have letters from the British Colonial
Office giving us all the permission we need.
If Macombe is at all temperamental, why
—we shall use force.”

  “Oy!” Isaacs nodded his head as if in
hearty agreement with such measures.
“That’s different. A nigger ain’t got no
right to say vot a vhite man should do in his
country. But how about me?” he added in
grieved tones. “If you don’t pay for all
the stuff your porters take, how can the
i6o

Adventure

niggers make deals with me? Vhere do I
stand?”

  D’Andra laughed.

 “You. -! Who cares anything

about the affairs of a lousy little -

of a Jew-”

  “That’s quite enough from you,” Miles
said in a cold, quiet voice. He shook off
Isaacs’ restraining hand. “If you don’t
apologise to Mr. Isaacs at once, I’ll pull you
off your horse and beat some courtesy into
you.”

  D’Andra stiffened and turning in his
saddle looked back to see if the rest of his
party was in sight. But his eyes met noth-
ing save a seemingly endless vista of bush
—unbroken, unrelieved by any moving
thing. He turned back.

  “I am very sorry, Mr. Isaacs,” he mum-
bled in ungracious tones. He flashed a
resentful glance at Miles.

  “That’s all right,” Isaacs hastily assured
him. “Vot you said vasn’t anything to
me. Of course the missioner didn’t like it,
but me, I knew you vas only joking. An’
now, mister, I’ve got a proposition to make.
I’d like to get things ready for you an’ your
friends—hot vater for baths and a good
meal. They’ll be along soon, von’t they?”

  D’Andra nodded.

  “They can’t be far behind. I rode on be-
cause I wanted to be the first to get a decent
bath.”

  “Oy,” Isaacs exclaimed admiringly. “An’
you rode on alone in a strange country just
to get a vash first. My! You might have
got lost.”

  “The trail is wide and well defined,”
D’Andra said contemptuously.

  “Sure it is. But it takes a man vot
knows to follow it. Now me!”

  He spread his fingers and hunched up his
shoulders until they nearly touched his
large, outstanding ears. “Turn me around
just once an’ I’m lost.”

  D’Andra smiled sourly.

  He was clever enough to take Isaacs’
sycophantic flattery for what it was worth
but he was not clever enough to realize the
storekeeper was deliberately helping him to
arrive at an absolutely incorrect estimate of
his character and ability. In Isaacs, D’An-
dra saw just what the little man wanted
him to see: A fawning, cringing storekeeper,
with no thought above making as big a
profit as possible in all his dealings; a man
who meekly accepted insults in the hope of

being able to sell his insulter something at
twice its value.

  Certainly, D’Andra thought, their mis-
sion had nothing to fear from the store-
keeper. About the missionary, he was not
so sure. He decided that it would be wise
to get into that man’s good books, to try to
wipe out the unfavorable impression he had
made. If he didn’t, Gonzales would be
very angry. D’Andra shuddered slightly.
He was afraid of Gonzales who had as-
sumed complete charge of the expedition
from the time it left Lourenco Marques.
And he ruled with an iron fist. His sjam-
bok was busy all day long and once he had
even threatened D’Andra. That was after
he had seen D’Andra conversing too famili-
arly with one of the native porters.

  “Remember,” he had said then, “our
policy on the trip is severity toward nig-
gers—always that; always show them the
mailed fist and no glove on it! No exhibi-
tion of softness! What we want, we take,
but we must be on friendly terms with all
the whites we meet in Macombe’s country
and on the way up, at least until we’ve
gained out objective. After that—” He had
shrugged his shoulders. “But don’t forget
my order, D’Andra, unless you wish to taste
the kiss of my sjambok.”

  Remembering all this, D’Andra smiled
wistfully at Isaacs and then at Miles.

  “As a matter of fact,” he said humbly,
“I was lost. I think that the reaction I
experienced at finding you gentlemen and
knowing that I was safe, is the explanation
of my ungraciousness. Again, Senhor Isa-
acs—” he bowed—“a thousand pardons.”

  “That’s all right, mister,” Isaacs assured
him. “You vasn’t insulting. But now,
as I vas saying. It vould be nice if I could
go ahead and get things ready for you.
But it’s a long vay, an’ my legs are short,
an’ I can’t valk very fast. But now—you
von’t think me cheeky?—supposin’ you
let me ride your horse up to my store an’
you valk up with the missioner—then I
could have everything ready for you.”

  D’Andra hesitated a moment.

  “All right,” he said finally. “I’d like to
walk up with you, sir,” he turned to Miles,—
“if you’ll permit it. Undoubtedly there is
much you can tell me about this country
that will make our investigations much
easier.”

  He dismounted and courteously held the
stirrup for Isaacs to mount; Miles assisted
“—and of Gideon!”

161

in the process by giving Isaacs a leg up. In
the scramble the storekeeper’s cap fell off
but he appeared to be unconscious of it.

GRABBING hold of the reins,
“Get up!” he yelled, drumming
his heels on the beast’s ribs. The
forward plunge of the horse al-
most unseated him, but with an effort he
recovered himself and wraving his hand gaily
he trotted off, bouncing ludicrously from
side to side. Then he remembered his cap.

  “Vait a bit,” he bellowed and sawed
at the reins, pulling his horse back on to
its haunches. “My cap, missioner. It fell

off! Oy! This hot-headed-won’t stand

still.”

  Miles picked up the long peaked cap and
ran over to Isaacs with it. Under cover of
much yelling at the horse and its rearing
and plunging, the two men exchanged a few
whispered sentences and then, yelling like a
mad man, Isaacs gave the horse its head and
rode swiftly away.

  “Por Dios!” D’Andra exclaimed with a
wry smile. “He will ruin my horse and per-
haps break his own neck.”

  “I /must confess,” Miles said slowly,
“that I think you were very rash to accede
to his extraordinary request.”

  At that moment, however, secure in the
knowledge that he was well out of D’An-
dra’s sight, Isaacs sat down in the saddle
and rode as he well knew how to ride. The
most meticulous riding master could have
found no fault with his hands, though he
might have been inclined to object—purely
on the grounds of form, not of technique—
to Isaacs’ crouching seat.

  Presently the trail he was following began
to rise gently, winding its way about the hill
on the top of which he had built his store,
and half an hour later he came to a small,
well-ordered kraal. The huts were all
neatly thatched, the pathway to each door
was picked out by whitewashed boulders
and about the w'hole place there was an air of
orderly cleanliness entirely foreign to most
kraals; here was none of the objectionable
features white men usually associate with
native villages; there were no evidences of
a white man’s civilization—no empty bully
tins, and broken down chairs cluttering
the place.

  None of the natives wore the discarded

raiment of some white man. Save for the

whitewashed stones, the absence of filth,

   11

nauseating smells and mange-eaten curs the
kraal was most truly a native one.

  In this kraal—Isaacs spoke of it as “my
kraal” to people he liked—the men and
women dressed as had their forefathers;
they cultivated the ground with similar
tools, hunted with similar weapons and—
absolute evidence of Isaac’s influence over
them—made fire by rubbing two sticks
together. His trading—and he did little of
that in these later years—he did with the
other kraals of the district.

  As Isaacs rode through the kraal he was
hailed affectionately by men and women;
fat, naked littles urchin ran after him, crow-
ing with delight when he called to them
by name.

  Coming to the hut of Tomasi, the head-
man, he dismounted and talked for a time
to that old graybeard. Then, mounting
again, he rode up to his store.

IT WAS noon the following day.
Isaacs and Miles were seated on
on the wide stoop surrounding
the store house watching the long
column which wound its way slowly dowrn
the hill side.

  Isaacs looked very tired and dirty.
Down the front of his flamboyant shirt was
a large muddy stain; his black hair hung
down over his forehead; his face badly
needed the attention of a razor; one eye was
slightly discolored. He bit savagely on
an unlighted cigar—but, apart from that,
he seemed to be completely relaxed: His
chin was resting on his chest and he seemed
to have withdrawn into himself.

  Miles’ rust-black suit—Isaacs called it a
uniform—was neatly pressed as usual, yes-
terday’s tears had been cleverly darned, his
choker collar was immaculately white, his
pith helmet—it was resting on his knees—
had been freshly blancoed.

  He had shaved that morning, but a row
of scratches on his cheek and chin showed
that his hand had not been too steady and
his flaming red hair was parted a tenth of
an inch to the right of its usual line. His
blue eyes flashed angrily and he kept beating
the heels of his clenched fists together as if
in that way he would work off the nervous
energy and indignation which possessed him.

  Isaacs lighted his cigar, inhaled luxuri-
ously and then, leaning back in his chair,
his hands clasped behind his head, com-
pletely relaxed.
Adventure

  “It was very foony,” he said and chuckled
softly.

  Miles sprang to his feet and paced nerv-
ously up and down the stoep.

  “Funny, Big Un!” he ejaculated. “You
can call it funny! I think its scandalous—
no, it’s worse than that, it’s tragic. I
shall send a messenger at once to Trooper
Dixon.”

  “I’ve already done that, missioner. I did
that last night. And I sent another one,
riding my horse, to Inyati. He ought to be
there in three-four days, easy.”

  “But why to Inyati, Big ’Un. We don’t
want the whole troop of police up here.
Dixon can handle those fellows alone. All
that is necessary is for a man in authority
to tell them a few home truths. A man in
a uniform can sometimes do more than fifty
in plain clothes.”

  “Veil, yo’ve got one,” Isaacs commented

dryly. “Oh, -, never mind vot I said

then. I sent to Inyati for more police
boys—maybe because I vanted to give
them a chance to have a little visit with me,
or perhaps—to tell you the truth, missioner,
I don’t know vhy I sent for them. Some-
thing seemed to tell me to, that’s all.”

  Miles looked at him and shook his head
doubtfully.

  “You are a funny fellow, Isaacs,” he ex-
claimed. “I think that I know you well
and then you go and do something like this
affair last night. I never know what I
should believe. Now last night—”

  Isaacs laughed.

  “That was very foony!”

  Miles frowned.

  “I wish you’d be serious,” he expostu-
lated. “How can you joke about it? The
way that sneering, brutal Gonzales and that
horrible little cur of a D’Andra treated you
made my blood boil. If you hadn’t made
me promise not to blow off I’d have told
them a lot they need to hear.

  “No, Isaacs. I don’t understand you.
Why, man, you accepted their insults
and blows as humbly—humbly, do I say?
Why, man, you crawled most abjectly.
You were—” he hesitated— “the sort of a
man I thought you were when I first came
here. You even laughed when D’Andra
threw a mug of beer in your face.”

  “An’ vot could I have done—thrown it
back?”

  “No; I don’t mean that. But, you see,
the way you acted and looked laid yourself

open for just the sort of treatment men o*
that type would give you. Goodness, Big
’Un. I don’t know when I’ve seen a more
degrading, beastly spectacle than the one
you presented last night. And the food!
And the way your 'boys’ dressed and stunk!
No. You’ve got to tell me all about it—
I’m unable to puzzle it out for myself.”

  “It vas all very foony,” Isaacs insisted
doggedly.

  “And I suppose you call the way Gon-
zales beat some of his porters funny? I
suppose you think the way he treated poor
old Tomasi because they couldn’t find any
provisions, funny? And the way the por-
ters, with D’Andra at their head, went
through the huts looking for women—
That I suppose was the greatest joke of
it all?”

   Isaacs’ eyes flashed.

  “No,” he said slowly. “That vasn’t
foony—but it vas foony that they couldn’t
find any provisions or women, vasn’t it?
An’ vhen I think how they couldn’t find any
grain at the kraal and had to buy it from
me at my price—-vhy, then I chuckle and
laugh. Ha, ha!” He looked up at the
missionary.

  “You see, missioner,” he continued, “I
didn’t like the look of that D’Andra an’
I didn’t believe the little he said. An’ so I
make a reason for vhy I should ride on
ahead and leave him to valk with you.
An’ that you found foony, not?”

  “Yes,” Miles agreed reluctantly. “I
wish you could have seen him when he got
stuck in the mire—and of course it wasn’t
my fault! I was so sure I knew a short cut
to the store, but, then, it’s so easy to get lost.
And he walked and walked, and he was
frightened and tired—his pointed shoes hurt
him—that gun of yours was so heavy but
I insisted on him carrying it. . . . Yes,
that was funny all right. Well, go on.”

  “Veil, as I say, I didn’t trust that young
man or those he said vas with him—some-
thing here, inside me, warned me to be on
guard. An’ so I rode to the kraal and told
Tomasi to send the vomen away with the
grain, an’ goats, an’ chickens an’ every-
thing. Then, I gave orders that the kraal
should be made dirty. I don’t think that
took them very long. Twenty years I’ve
been hounding those people yet if, for one
week, I miss inspecting—Oy, the filth! An’
then I came on up to my store here an’ my
boys made it look as them white men vould
“—and of Gideon!”

think a store kept by a' man named Isaacs
ought to look.”

  “But why? I still don’t see why?”
“Missioner,” Isaacs replied solemnly.
“Vhen I meet a man who pretends to be
something vot he ain’t—vhy then, I do the
same. An’ so I looked as I looked, an’ my
boys were dirty, an I stuck candles in their
own grease on the table so we could see to
eat—an’, an’ I gave ’em goat to eat which
vas very high and tough; an’,” he concluded
triumphantly, “I charged them a high
price for everything.”

  “But what are they if they’re not what
they seem to be, Big ’Un? The old pro-
fessor’s a harmless soul, anyway. He
hasn’t a thought in his head beyond his
theory regarding the ancient workings.
He was bewildered by the actions of the
other two; he was contemptuous of them,
and, at the same time, afraid. And so for
the other two, I don’t like them. D’An-
dra’s softly vicious, Gonzales a brutal
monster. There was no pretence about
them: They were just what they were.
The sooner they’re through with their re-
search work the better I’ll be pleased. But
they can’t do any lasting harm.”

  Isaacs shook his head.

  “I’m not so sure, missioner. It ain’t
the men themselves I’m afraid of, I only
vonder if they’re really looking for Solo-
mon’s mines.”

  “You saw the professor’s letter from the

British Colonial Office-”

  “Sure! But it vas his letter—not Gon-
zales, or D’Andra’s. I’m just a big fool,
maybe, but I’m afraid of them men, mis-
sioner. I wish I could talk the Portugal
talk—then I vould know vot the big man,
Gonzales, said to that D’Andra vhen D’An-
dra said to me—he was quite drunk—‘I’ll
hang you and your niggers when I’ve taken
over—’An’ that’s as far as he got, missioner,
for then Gonzales caught him by the neck
and shouted at him, and D’Andra vas very
frightened.”

  “An’ I vould like to know vot it vas the
big man said to his porters when they got
too noisy last night over their beer. Now
I only know that I’ve never seen porters like
them before; they ‘fell in’ this morning just
as if they vas soldiers. Also, I’d like to
know vot vas in those cases they carried
on pack mules. Now, all I know is that
they vas very heavy.

  “Ah, veil, in time, we shall see.”

HE TOOK a small penny whistle
from his pockets and blew three
sharp blasts.

Twelve natives came running in
answer to its piercing summons and stood
silently before him.

  They were very dirty; they were naked
save for filthy loin-cloths and their hair was
daubed with some pungent-smelling grease.

  “The game is over,” Isaacs said tersely.
“Go and get clean.”

  They hastened away, chattering gaily.

  “Moses!” Isaacs called, and one of them
returned.

  “Yes, master?”

  “Did you obey my commands?”

  “Yes, master.”

  “Did you hear anything that I should
hear, or see anything my eyes would have
been glad to see?” A man with his back
to the speakers would have thought two
natives were talking.

  “No, master. I sat with the porters last
night until the fires burned out and the beer
which at first had opened their mouths closed
thejr eyes. But I heard nothing. They
spoke only of women and beer as men will.”

  Isaacs nodded in dismissal.

  “Get water and clean clothes ready for
me when you have bathed,” he said. “Then
prepare skoff. The umfundisi eats with
me and—” he added with a chuckle as he
saw a uniformed horseman riding up the
hill along a trail far to the left of that taken
by the others, —“the policeman also.”

  “Yes, master! Shall I cook the rest of
the goat?” He smiled.

  “No!” Isaacs bellowed. “Kill four chick-
ens and roast them—get cans of soup from
the store—get anything. Only, see that
you serve a good meal. We are hungry
men.”

  The native grinned and departed, shout-
ing orders to the others as he went.

  By this time the man on horseback had
ridden into full view of the men on the
stoop. They rose to greet him and beamed
a welcome.

  “Veil, vhy don’t you dismount?” Isaacs
asked.

  “Too much of a hurry, Big ’Un,” the
other answered. He wore the uniform of
a trooper in the British South African
Mounted police. He was a big fellow,
muscular, and sat his horse easily.

  “But you’ve got to stay. We’ve got a
lot to talk about, ain’t we, missioner?”
164

Adventure

  “Yes,” Miles assented gravely. “For
one thing we want to know how it is you got
our messages so quickly? We only sent
for you last night, it’s a three-day trip to
your post—yet here you are. And yet
they say the age of miracles is past!”

  “That’s right, my boy,” Isaacs chimed in.
“Just at the very moment when we vant
to see your oogly face most, you turn up—
an’ actually you vasn’t due to patrol this
section for another monther, yet. Sure! The
missioner’s right. It’s a bloomin’ miracle.”
Dixon looked slightly bewildered.

  “Well, of course,” he began, “if you two
have gone nutty I suppose it’s my duty first
to look after you. The Portuguese crowd’ll
have to wait.”

  He dismounted and climbed deliberately
up the steps.

  “Well!” he roared suddenly. “Have you
two ducks been fighting? I bet you have;
thought you were playing this David and
Jonathan stuff too hard. You blamed fools!
My, Big Un, the missioner made a mess of
your eye—and why are you so dirty and
solemn, anyway?”

  “Never mind about that, Dixon,” Miles
said impatiently. “We haven’t been fight-
ing, you can be assured of that. But did
we understand you to say you were after
the Portuguese expedition?”

  Dixon nodded.

  “Yes. They can’t read right. They’ve
got a letter from the Colonial Office giving
them safe conduct with instructions to the
police to render them all the assistance they
may, require—and all that. But they seem
to think that that’s giving them permission

to raise merry-, pardon, reverend—all

up the line.

  “Complaints have been coming in from
all the kraals they’ve visited on the way
up. And the complaints include everything
from wholesale pilfering of natives’ stores

to violent assault.--knows what all

they’ve been doing; a few more blighters
like them in the country and we’d have a
rebellion on our hands. I’ve been away
on patrol so I didn’t know what was going
on—only got back a few days ago and found
a swarm of natives waiting outside my camp
full of complaints. Didn’t stop to hear
them all because rumors had reached head-
quarters of what these -, pardon, reve-
rend, were doing, and there was a nice
little letter from the C. O. asking what the
blankety-blank I was doing and to get

after the dagoes right away or he’d put me
on the peg. And so I did. Haven’t lost
much time on the road either. Say, where
are they now anyway. Tomasi—seems
you were wise, Big ’Un and tipped the old
headman to send his women and stuff out
of the way—well, he told me they spent
the night here.”

  “They left about an hour ago. They’re
going to Misongwe to go through the formal-
ity of asking Macombe’s permission to dig.
If he don’t give it—they’re going to dig
anyway.”

  Dixon looked at Miles quizzically, won-
dering at the simpering sweetness of the
man’s voice—usually it was very harsh and
nasal. He didn’t know that Miles was
unconsciously aping the mannerisms of the
effeminate D’Andra.

  “So that’s the way of it, is it?” Dixon
said quietly. “But they’ll have to go
through the formality of asking my per-
mission first—and this, too.” He patted
his revolver.

MILES and Isaacs looked at each
other in relief. They felt that
the menace which hovered over
the district in which they worked
—each in his own peculiar way—for the
happiness of the people would soon be
lifted. Having a hearty respect for the
forces of law and order themselves, they
credited other people with the same respect.

  At least Miles did. Isaacs perhaps, was
not quite so confident in the submission of
the man Gonzales to authority and he put
his trust more in the forceful personality,
the courage and the knowledge that Dixon
had of the country rather than in the uni-
form he wore.

  “Well—,” Dixon turned to leave—, “if you
fellows are all right now, I’ll trek on. I
want to have a word with ‘the man with
the whip, as the natives call him, before he
uses his sjambok on anv more of our peo-
ple.”

  “No, vait,” Isaacs urged. “There ain’t
no need for such a bloomin’ hurry. They
don’t go near any kraals on the way to
Misongwe—and they von’t get there till
sundown. So you vait an’ have skoff with
us and talk a bit. You can easily catch
up with ’em.”

  “All right,” Dixon agreed. “Might as

well. I’m -, your pardon, reverend,

hungry. Call one of your bright hopefuls
“—and of Gideon!”

165

and tell him to take care of my horse, Big
’Un. But, mind you, you’ve got to wash
and change before I sit down with you.

-! You look like you’d been dragged

through the offal heap at Macombe’ skraal.
And why’s the place looking like a pig
stye?”

  Isaacs grinned.

  “I’ll go and change now,-, an’ I’ll

bathe, too. You sit down and have a talk
with missioner. He’ll tell you all about it.”
Three hours later Dixon, looking greatly
refreshed, mounted his horse ready to ride
after the column of the expedition. He was
holding the reins of the missionary’s horse,
Miles having suddenly decided to return
to his mission, and, as they followed the
same trail for a matter of six or seven miles,
he had asked Dixon to wait for him.
“Hurry up!” Dixon shouted.

  “Won’t be a minute,” Miles answered.
He was having a few parting words with
Isaacs’ servants at the back of the store.

  Isaacs, who was seated on the top step of
the stoop, his elbows on his knees, his chin
resting on the palm of his hands, grinned.

  “He’s a foony man, Dixon. He always
trys to convert my boys vhen he comes
here an’ then apologises to me for doing it.
But he’s a nice fellow. He’ll be .a big man
some day.”

“If he ever is, it’ll be because of you, Big
Un. You’ve done wonders with him.”
“Nunno,” Isaacs interposed hastily. “He
had it in him all the time. He only needed
to be shown the vay, that vas all. But he

ain’t nearly so mealie-mouthed, is he-•?”

  “No,” Dixon agreed. “An’, come to
think of it, you don’t curse as much as you
used to do. Getting religion, Big ’Un?”
“Nunno,” Isaacs giggled. “I’m losing
money. I give him a shilling every time he
hears me swear—an’ he counts the smallest
words, mind you, Dixon. An’ he gives me
a shilling every time he talks business to
me.”

  “Business?”

  “Sure! Professional religion stuff.”

  The two men laughed quietly, then Isaacs
sobered.

  “But you von’t forget, vill you, Dixon,
to look around at the packs of them expe-
dition fellows?”

  Dixon nodded.

  “I’ll keep a sharp lookout, but you’re
dreaming nightmares, Big ’Un. This here
Gonzales, now. I know he’s a rotter—he’s

an ivory poacher and probably a slaver.
But the business you’re thinking of is an
international affair, and what bloomin’
chance has a used-to-be country like Por-
tugal against us?”

  “Oh, veil. Maybe you’re right—maybe
you’re wrong. Keep your eyes peeled,
that’s all. And, Dixon, you’ll come back
this way and tell us all about it, von’t
you?”

  “Of course, Big ’Un. Going to stay
round here for a few days.”

  “Fine! And Dixon ve’ll have a elephant
hunt while you’re here. The big fellows

are getting too familiar'-”

  At that moment Miles appeared, walked
briskly over to his horse and mounted.

  “Been doing a little missionary work with
your boys, Big ’Un,” he said. “Hope you
don’t mind?”

  Isaacs waved his hands to signify that
that “was no never mind” to him.

  “S’long,” Dixon said. “I’ll be over to-
morrow night sure.”

  “I’ll wait skoff for you. S’long, mis-
sioner. Don’t be so long between visits;
my boys’ll backslide if you vait too long.”
A final waving of hands and the two men
spurred their horses and cantered easily
down the trail.

  For a long time Isaacs did not move, but
sat hunched up, gazing fixedly in the direc-
tion of Misongwe—as if attempting to
project himself into the future and see what
play Fate was going to produce at the kraal
of the chief—comedy or tragedy?

THREE days passed and Isaacs
was without word of Dixon. His
native servants and the natives
of the kraals were also without
information. For once the bush telegraph
was silent; the big signal drums at Misongwe
did not answer to the querulous tapping
queries from the smaller kraals—they were
mutes. Still more disturbing to Isaacs was
the fact that the two messengers he had sent
to bring him word of Dixon had not re-
turned.

  Isaacs was badly worried and when, in the
late afternoon of the third day, word came
to him that the messenger he had sent to
Inyati was held up by a flooding river, he
resolved to put an end to his idle conjectures
by riding over to Misongwe and finding out
for himself just what was what.

  Once his mind was made up, it did not
Adventure

take him long to act. Five minutes later—
he had changed from his clean white duck
suit to garments which exaggerated his
physical imperfections—he was riding a big,
raw-boned mule toward Misongwe.

  He came to the corn patches of the large
kraal just about half an hour before sun-
down, and the kraal itself was in sight just
a few minutes later. It was built close
against the walls of a precipitous kopje and
was practically impregnable from attack
except from the front. Two or three hun-
dred yards from the kraal—about midway
between it and the edge of the corn patches
—was a large tent. It was not in line with
the path leading to the kraal, but quite
some distance to the right of it.

  Isaacs, after reining in a moment, trying
to determine his course, headed for the tent.
As he got nearer he saw that a hundred,
more or less, of the porters were working
frantically with pick and shovel. They
were, he saw, digging a long trench which
curved back slightly at both ends toward
the kraal. This trench when finished,
Isaacs saw, judging by the markers stuck
into the ground, would cover the front of
the kraal.

  “Never heard of any ancient buildings
following that line,” Isaacs mused. “Ah,
veil— Oy, I vonder vot that’s for.”

  A report broke the silence, a little puff of
dirt sprang up just to the right of him.

  Looking up he saw a native waving his
arm frantically and pointing away from the
tent.

  Isaacs shrugged his shoulder.

  “It seems as if they don’t vant to see me,”
he muttered. “Veil, I’m not so sure I vant
to see them-—yet.”

  He changed his course and presently
came to the gate in the pole stockade which
surrounded the kraal.

  It was guarded by two natives—-porters
of the expedition—armed with modern
rifles. But not a native of the kraal was
present.

  “You can’t go in,” one of the guards said
in the dialect of the district, when he tried
to ride past them.

  “Why?” he asked quietly.

  “It is an order.”

  “But I have business with the chief
Macombe,” he expostulated, and again
spurred forward.

  One of the guards caught hold of his
bridle reins and, exerting all his strength,

backed the mule. The beast reared, then
toppled over as the guard gave it a cunning
push. Isaacs only just managed to squirm
out of the way of its flying hoofs, then sat
up stupidly and watched the mule regain
its feet and gallop swiftly away.

  The storekeeper rose sadly to his feet and
turned away from the gate, intending to en-
circle the stockade in the hope of finding
a weak place where he could scramble
through or over.

  Then he saw that sentries had been posted
at intervals all around the stockade.

  Isaacs sighed loudly.

  “And why so gloomy, Senhor Store-
keeper?”

  Isaacs jumped round with a frightened
squeal to face the man Gonzales who had
come quietly up behind him.

  “Oy, how you frightened me. I vant to
get in there and your niggers von’t let me.”
Gonzales laughed.

  “It is my orders—they’re good soldiers;
they obey.”

  “But vhy, mister. It ain’t right. You’ll
ruin my business. I have to go an’ arrange

a deal with old Macombe, an’-”

  “Is that all you came over for,” Gon-
zales asked sharply.

  “Nunno! I also vanted to have a talk
with that policeman fellow. He owes me
money. He bought some goods from me
three days ago and promised he vould re-
turn the next day and pay. An’ he didn’t.
So I come over here to see if he vas here. It
vas here he said he vas coming.”

  “He came here,” Gonzales said slowly,
“but he only stayed an hour or so. Then

he rode off-”

  “Oy!” Isaacs wrung his hands. “I’ll be
ruined. These policemen are all alike. They
alvays grin and promise to pay tomorrow
—only they never do. But vhy do you
have men with guns every where, mister?”
“The niggers at the kraal were insolent—
they refused to help me dig and some of
them have been stealing our stores. So,
to punish them, I’ve forbidden them to
leave their kraal for five days.”

  Isaacs nodded.

  “That’s the vay to treat ’em, mister. I
vish I had the nerve to do things like that.
I vouldn’t keep a store very long then?”
Gonzales sneered and turned away.

  “Say, mister,” Isaacs ran after him and
clutched at his sleeve with a grimy paw.
“My mule, he ran away and I von’t be able
“—and of Gideon!”

167

to get back to the store. Can I stay with
you for the night?” 1

  “You can sleep with my niggers—if
they’ll have you. But I don’t think they
will.”

  “That’s no way to treat a white man,
mister,” Isaacs expostulated. “I couldn’t
sleep vith niggers anyvay. Veil, then sell
me a horse or a mule. I can’t stay on the
veld all night—I’ll get sick, an’ there’s
lions. An’ you von’t let me go in the kraal
—please, mister!”

  Gonzales brought the butt of his sjambok
down on Isaacs’ fingers.

  “No!” he roared. “Now get to your
sty—walk—run—get there anyway you
please, but don’t let me see you around
here. Understand?”

  He did not wait to hear the storekeeper’s
mumbled, “Yes, mister,” but walked swiftly
away toward the tent.

  Isaacs, sucking his bruised knuckles,
stared at the broad back of the Portuguese
and scowled at the man’s brutal swagger.

  “Oy!” he sighed. “I ain’t no better off
than vot I vas before I came—save that I
know vot before I only thought. But how
they think they’re going to pull it off—
that’s vot I can’t even imagine. Maybe
I’d better start back for the store and
mind my own business. I ain’t got noth-
ing to do with the British Government, I
ain’t on their pay sheet. It’s none of my
business if the Portuguese grabs Ma-
combe’s country.”

  But Isaacs knew that it was decidedly his
business to see that the natives of the dis-
trict should be accorded good treatment;
he had been their wise counsellor and friend
for too many years to back out now. They
had come to lean on him; were ready to pay
him a greater homage than they did their
chief. He couldn’t desert them now—at
least not to the Portuguese. The adminis-
tration of that country’s colonies was not
the sort of thing he wished to see duplicated
here.

  “Oh, -!” he muttered. “Glad the

missioner ain’t here. I’m goin’ to curse a
lot tonight. Maybe, if I hurry, I’ll catch
up with that .fool mule. Can’t stand here
no longer. I’m afraid of that Gonzales.
An’ me with no revolver! Oy, vot a fool
I am.”

  He started back along the trail at a slow
lope, again making a sweeping detour to
avoid the camp of the expedition.

  He found his mule standing quietly under
a kaffir orange tree just beyond the fringe
of the first corn patch and, tethering it se-
curely, he sat down to wait for darkness and
the distorted shadows that would flicker
about the ground when the moon rose.

  The sun set; for a little while there was
profound darkness. Then the moon rose,
it was nearly at the full, and Isaacs left the
protecting shelter of the corn and crept
toward the tent.

IT TOOK him nearly two hours
to cover the four hundred odd
yards, but each foot of his prog-
ress had to be taken with infinite
care. Where possible he followed the shal-
low ravines which broke the contour of the
ground; where that was not feasible he
sprawled prone upon the veld, seemed to
flow into it, to become a part of it. In some
uncanny way he seemed able to constrict
his body so that it conformed to the smallest
of the lacey shadows which dotted the veld.
Whenever he moved—it was forward.

  It was masterly work—there were few
natives who could have done it so well.
Isaacs didn’t know whether any night watch
was kept at the camp, or where it was
posted; actually Gonzales was trusting to
the sentries about the kraal. He didn’t
fear danger from any other source. But
even if there had been sentries—alert sen-
tries at that—it is very doubtful if they
could have spotted Isaacs.

  Peering under the flap of the tent, Isaacs
could see Dixon lying on the floor. He was
bound hand and foot and gagged. Near
him was the fat, porcine figure of the old
chief Macombe. The man Gonzales was
seated on a cot bed—a bottle of gin in his
hand. He was watching D’Andra clumsily
attempt to assemble something which glit-
tered evilly in the light of the kerosene lamp.

  Every once in a while, when D’Andra
would stop and groan wearily as he looked
at his broken nails and grease-smeared
hands, the sjambok would quiver in Gon-
zales’ hand and the cutting lash would lap
itself about D’Andra’s thin legs. This was
followed by shrill threats and entreaties
which were answered by sneering laughs.

  Isaacs could see no sign of the rotund,
baldheaded little professor. But he had
seen enough. He had seen soldiers digging
a trench in an excellent strategical position,
and soldiers on guard at the kraal; he had
Adventure

seen Dixon and the chief, Macombe, both
prisoners, and he had seen D’Andra assem-
bling a machine gun.

  For a fraction of a second he entertained
the wild thought of attempting a rescue
right then; second thoughts and better
judgment, however, vetoed the plan. He
knew that such a move would be suicidal-
even if he were armed the chances against
success were too heavy. As it was-

  He returned to his mule—his course was
just as cautious but infinitely swifter—
mounted and rode slowly away until he
judged himself to be well out of earshot.
Then he spurred his mule into a speed it
had not thought itself capable of.

  On Isaacs rode.

 And then-

  He must have been completely immersed
in his thoughts; the mule must have been
so completely surprized out of its normal,
obstinate self, by Isaacs’ constant spurring,
that it forgot all its traditional fears.

  At any rate they passed through a herd of
elephants—coming so close that the toe
of Isaacs’ left boot grazed the leg of one
of the beasts—on their way to raid the
corn patches of Misongwe.

  And the marvel of it is, that the great
gray ghosts of the bush ignored the mule
and its rider with contemptuous indiffer-
ence.

  Isaacs must have seen them, must have
got their scent and heard their intestinal
rumblings. But he was not consciously
aware of them. Yet, in his mental imagery
at that moment, Gonzales and D’Andra
assumed the shapes of elephants and were
trampling the life out of the people of the
district—wantonly laying everything to
waste.

Mnminr IT WAS sunrise when Isaacs
reac^ed his store. He was so full
of the plan which he had evolved
« during his ride from Misongwe
that he was not conscious of any feeling of
fatigue. All he required was a shower, a
brisk rub down, a change of clothes and
then-

  His eyes sparkled. His plan must suc-
ceed; he did not dare to think of failure.

  He had just sat down to a hearty break-
fast when Miles rode up to the store and
rushed into the skoff hut. He wore a long,
black cassock; a large gold cross, hung on a
black ribbon about his neck, swung to and

fro—agitated by his rapid breathing. It
reflected the bright sun rays which streamed
through the open doorway.

  “Vot is it, missioner?” Isaacs asked
calmly, making no comment on the fact
that Miles, in striking contrast to his peace
“uniform” carried a rifle in his hand and
wore a heavy cartridge belt about his waist.

  “Matter,” Miles cried excitedly. “Why
the professor came to the mission yesterday
just before sundown. The poor old chap
had got lost and the fever caught him un-
prepared. He told me a lot of things—”
“Such as—that Dixon and the chief,
Macombe, had been captured and held as
prisoners by Gonzales,” Isaacs interrupted
dryly. “That their porters are really sol-
diers—that they’ve dug a big trench at
Misongwe and that they’ve got maxims?
Is that it?”

  “Yes,” Miles assented wonderingly. “But
how do you know all this?”

  “I have eyes, missioner. I've got brains.
I vent to Misongwe yesterday and saw all
them things for myself.”

  “And they let you? They didn’t try to
stop you?”

  “I didn’t go through the formality of
asking their permission,’' Isaacs said with a
chuckle.

  “But I don’t see how you can sit there so
calmly, and eat——”

  “Vot is your hurry, missioner? By hur-
rying you vill do no good. You ain’t had
breakfast yet—no? Then sit down an’ eat.
A man thinks better when his belly’s full.
That’s better,” he continued as Miles seated
himself and reluctantly accepted a cup of
coffee which one of Isaacs’ servants offered
him, “Now tell me: Is there anything
else you know, which I don’t know? Did
the professor tell you vot little game Gon-
zales and D’Andra are playing?”

  “He doesn’t really know, I think. The
little he knows is what he overheard today
before he left Misongwe to explore in the
hills about the mission. But from what he
said, I gather that they’ve got a concession
which Macombe signed years and years ago.
And they plan to fortify themselves and
then, holding Macombe as hostage for the
nativesi. good behavior, they’re going to
notify the British authorities that they’ve
annexed the territory on behalf of Portugal.
It’s a clever plan, and if we don’t do some-
thing, it may succeed. Once they’ve fin-
ished their fortifications they’ll be able to
“—and of Gideon!”

169

withstand a long siege—long enough, at
least, for Portugal to present their case to
the Hague Tribunal.”

  “Yes,” Isaacs agreed. “I don’t yet see
how they’re going to carry their plan
through—-an’ that’s no matter. The only
thing that counts with us is that they’re
dangerous; they do bad things to our people.
But vhy does the professor tell you the
plans of his countrymen?”

  “He didn’t really tell me all this, Big ’Un.
He didn’t know what he was saying—he
was half-delirious with fever. He’s afraid
of those two men; he’s afraid they will kill
him—he was horrified by the way Gonzales
beats the natives. But—I—I don’t think
he would have told anything if it had not
been for the fever.”

  “Veil, you can let your conscience rest
easy. I knew all that he has told you—ex-
cept about the concession; an’ that doesn’t
count much, anyvays. Vot we’ve got to do,
missioner, is put Gonzales and D’Andra
vhere they can’t do no harm. An’ it’ll be a
hard job, missioner. They have two ma-
chine guns, perhaps more, an’ a hundred an’
fifty native soldiers who can shoot—unless
the one who fired at me tried to hit me.”
“We can do it,” Miles said stoutly. “The
Lord is on our side.” His eyes glowed with
fanatical fervor. “He will not give this
land, which is His vineyard, into tks? hand
of those despicable creatures.”

  “How arc you going to do it?” Isaacs
asked abruptly.

  “The sword of the Lord—’’Miles began,
but Isaacs interrupted him.

  “Never mind that, missioner—vot are
you going to do?”

  “Last night I sent a messenger to all the
kraals, telling them what was happening
at Misongwe and telling the warriors to
come to the mission that we might make

plans--”

  “Good!” Isaacs exclaimed. “How many
came?”

  “Twelve hundred—young men and old—
armed with spears and knobkerries—all
ready to strike a blow for the right.”

  Isaacs smiled sadly at Miles’ demonstra-
tion of fervor.

  “Veil,” he asked. “And vot are you
going to do now?”

  “I’m going to lead them to Misongwe—
it will be a crusade. We shall attack the
force of Gonzales and we shall win because
the sword of the Lord-”

  “Vith one machine gun alone they could
wipe out your crusaders!” Isaacs com-
mented.

  The missionary laughed scornfully.
“You’re afraid!” he said. “You’re think-
ing of your precious skin. You’re too con-
cerned in thinking of—” He broke off
suddenly as Isaacs chuckled. Then, “I’m
sorry, Big ’Un! I shouldn’t talk that way;
I ought to know better—I’m still very
much of a fool, I am afraid.”

  “Sure you are,” Isaacs agreed cheerfully.
“You just imagine yourself marching at the
head of the warriors to Misongwe and ex-
pect to vin just by showing yourselves. It
vould be nice if it could be like that—but
that ain’t the vay it’ll have to be done.
We’ve got to be cunning—very cunning.”
“You mean that we should wait for dark
ness and make a surprize attack,” Miles
said slowly. “But wre don’t dare wait,
Big ’Un. Any moment they may take it
into their heads to do something dreadful;
or the natives at Misongwe may try to res-
cue their chief and then there’d be frightful
bloodshed. I think my way’s better than
that.”

  Miles was still lost in the glorious idea of
leading his crusaders to victory.

  “Maybe,” Isaacs admitted. “But, in a
vay, you’re right. I vas thinking myself of
a surprize attack—but not just vith your
men.”

  “You mean that we must wait for rein-
forcements—you need a bigger army?”
“Yes.” Isaacs giggled slightly. “It’ll
be bigger—much bigger.”

  “But we can’t wait too long,” Miles
said fearfully. “Not more than two or
three days at the most.”

  “Listen,” Isaacs said patiently. “Ve
could almost afford to wait until troops
came from Inyati, I vould vait, only I’m
afraid, as you say, that the natives will try
to rescue Macombe by themselves; and I’m
afraid the big fellow Dixon vill say some-
thing that vill make Gonzales mad—and
then there’d be 410 more Dixon. So ve
von’t wait. Ve’ll start at once. But you
army’s too big.”

“Too big!” Miles echoed incredulously.
“Sure! You’ll understand in a little
while—only you’ve got to trust me. Now
vhere did you leave this army of yours.”
“The warriors are all down at the foot of
the hill—”

  “You vas a fool to leave them so far avay.
170

Adventure

They von’t like vaiting down there all
alone. They’ll begin to think things—
they’ll begin to think of death; an’ that
von’t be nice. Some of them vill remember
that they have vork to do at their kraals—
but, no matter. Come on. You come and
mutter charms—or prayers, vot does it
matter which?—while I’m making the army
smaller.”

  He rose and leaving the store went down
the hill to where the warriors summoned so
hastily by Miles had congregated, and
Miles, nervously fingering his gold cross,
followed silently behind him, listening to the
plan Isaacs unfolded as he walked.

  When they got down to the level ground
at the foot of the hill they saw that Isaacs’
fears were well justified. Small groups of
natives were already returning to their
kraals; indecision and doubtful fears was
plainly evident on the faces of the others.
They had heard a great deal of the power of
the “guns with many voices” and they were
beginning to doubt the wisdom of the course
the missionary had incited them to follow.
After all, they knew very little of Miles.
He had not lived in the district long enough
for his influence to hold when he was not
actually with them.

  But when they saw Isaacs all fears 1 |t
them and they shouted his name and
crowded about him. The little groups who
had left the main body halted at the sound
of Isaacs’ name, turned, then came running
back—pretending that they were new ar-
rivals, hoping that he had not witnessed
their desertion. The little storekeeper they
knew. He had proved himself, time and
time again. If he was to lead what need
had they to fear?

  And so, those who had been ready to re-
turn to their kraals were now in the front
ranks of those who crowded about Isaacs
and Miles; and of all those who pleaded to
be led at once against the white men who
had dared to make their chief prisoner,
their voices were the loudest.

  sap ISAACS climbed on to a rock and
held up his hands for silence.
(Cmi/j “I have little to say,” his voice
boomed out. “You know why
the umfundisi asked you to arm yourselves:
it is to drive out of this land the white
men who have acted like rogue elephants
There is no need for me to talk of that. The
umfundisi has told you, also, that the men

have with them many black dogs with guns
—aye, they have, too, the guns of many
voices. You know that if we go up against
them you will meet death. Not one will

escape.”

  “Au-a!” they cried. “We will be content
to die if you lead us.”

  “Will your deaths help Macombe, fools?”
Isaacs asked scathingly.

  “Maybe, storekeeper,” a young buck
shouted. “Maybe one out of all the war-
riors here will live long enough to reach the
heart of the white ‘man-with-the-whip’
with an assegai.”

  “Ah! There speaks a warrior,” Isaacs
shouted. “But that is not my way of doing
things.

  “Listen! I have made a charm which
will bring us victory. Aye. It is a strong
charm and it is jealous of its power. It
may be that alone it could gain the victory
—of that I am not sure. But sure I am
that you are too many. Less than half of
you—au-a! less than a quarter of you—with
them shall victory be gained.

  “Now look into your hearts—remember-
ing that the charm I have made is all power-
ful and hates liars—and those of you who
find fear there, let them depart to their
kraals; and there shall be no shame. This
thing that we do is of the spirits and who
shall jeer when the Great Ones work?”

  The warriors stirred uneasily, but none
spoke. Presently some of them elbowed
their way out; some of those on the fringe
of the army moved apart. Three hundred
warriors in all left the main body, broke up
into smaller groups and hastened along the
paths leading to their kraals. From one of
these a young warrior dashed back. It was
the one who had said, “Maybe one of us
will live long enough to stick an assegai in
the heart of ‘the-man-with-the-whip.’ ”

  “I am not afraid of death, storekeeper,”
he shouted. “It was fear of the charm
which you work that took my feet away
from you.”

  “Good!” Isaacs boomed. “Now all of
you raise one hand above your heads—you
are still too many; the charm tells me to
make still further choice.”

  A forest of arms shot into the air.

  “Good. Now each of you look to the
hand that is in the air and those among you
whose fist is clenched—those men shall go
to the right; the others shall go to the left.
Is it understood?”
“—and of Gideon!”

171

  “Aye!” they answered and immediately
began milling about, sorting themselves
according to his orders.

  Soon it was done and two groups of war-
riors faced Isaacs, waiting expectantly.
And those on the right, the men who had
clenched their fists, numbered about five
hundred. To the others Isaacs said,

  “I have no need of you—get to your
kraals. Hasten, we waste much time.”
They obeyed him silently, swiftly.

  “You are still too many,” Isaacs said to
those who were left. “The charm is strong;
the charm is jealous. Follow me.”

  Climbing down from the rock he led the
way to the river.

  “Drink,” he said, and watched closely.
Miles, also, closely scrutinized each war-
rior as he came to drink.

  Soon all had satisfied their thirst—all ex-
cept the young warrior, and he was about
to do so.

  “And now,” Isaacs cried, “those of you
who took the water up in your hands, get
together in one place; those of you who put
your heads down to the water get to an-
other.”

  And then the young warrior who had not
yet quenched his thirst but stood listening
to Isaacs’ commands his face lined with
thought, stooped down and bringing water
up to his mouth in his cupped hands drank,
his eyes fixed on Isaacs.

  “Why did you drink that way, warrior,”
Isaacs asked softly.

  “It came to me that that is the way the
charm would have warriors drink, store-
keeper. By drinking so, my eyes are open
to see all that goes on about me. Had I put
my face down to the water an enemy might
have come up behind, unseen and—” he
chuckled—“I should not have had need of
water again. Also, it came to me, the
charm selected those men whose fists were

clenched because-”

  “That is enough, warrior,” Isaacs inter-
rupted sternly, yet his eyes twinkled. “Go
and join those who drank as you drank but,
remember, the charm also likes those who
keep a still tongue.”

  Then to those who had put their heads
down to the water, Isaacs said,

  “Get you to your kraals, the charm has
no need of you: Go—remembering that
there is no shame.”

  And when the}' had gone he turned to the
men who were left—three hundred of them,

full of confidence. Had they not been
selected by the charm? Who could stand
against them?—and divided them into two
companies. In one company, which he
placed under the command of Miles, there
were one hundred men. The other, two
hundred strong, looked to him for orders.

  “Now sleep, if you wish,” Isaacs ordered.
“The time is not yet at hand!”

  “You see,” Isaacs said softly to Miles.
“There is no fear in them. If you vas to
give the order they vould march with you

to attack - an’ that ain’t swearin’

neither, missioner.”

  Miles nodded.

  “Yes, they would follow me,” he agreed,
“if you ordered them to. I’ve got a lot to
learn, Isaacs. Sometimes—” he sighed—
“I’m afraid I’M never learn.”

  “You ain’t got nothing to grumble at,
missioner. You’re learnin’ all the time.
But you’re too old yet to know these people
as I know them. They’re only kids an*
you must be like a kid if you want to under-
stand them. Y’ got to grow younger, mis-
sioner, that’s all. Course, had you stayed
with them you might have held ’em just
vith that big gold cross of yours—maybe
not. No. I think not. Before these peo-
ple believe in charms, they vant to see
vonders worked by that charm. Now they
think my charm selected ’em an’ they know
the charm picked veil. They don’t stop
to think that I could have picked me men
just as veil vithout all that mumbojumbo.
Sure, missioner; if I’d have counted ’em
out—:eenie, meenie, minee mo’— that ’d
have held ’em better than the cross vif£iout
any mystery talk.

  “An’ now,” he yawned and stretched his
hands high above his head, “I’m goin’ to
sleep. I vas trekking all last night. An’
you had better sleep too.”

  “No! I can’t sleep, Isaacs. I’m too
worried. I still don’t see how what you’re
planning to do will help us.”

  “Tchat!” Isaacs clicked impatiently.
“Never mind about me and vot I’m
a-goin’ to do. You make sure you know vot
you are to do. You see, missioner: It
may be that we could pull off vot we vant
to do vithout the help of my big army—”
he chuckled softly—“on the other hand
maybe not, an’ we can’t afford to take
chances. Remember: They’ve got a dis-
ciplined force, an’ rifles, an’ Maxims—not to
mention a good position. You know the
172

Adventure

lay of the land about Misongwe, don’t
you?”

  Miles nodded.

  “Veil! You know that thick patch of
bush to the right after you come through
the corn patch?”

  Again Miles nodded.

  “I ought to. I’ve held service on the
rising ground there a lot of times—used the
bush as a sort of vestry, put my cassock
and surplice on you know.”

  Isaacs smiled.

  “Veil! You goin’ to hold another sort
of service there tonight. Listen: Gonzales
and D’Andra have pitched their tent not
far from the bush. All right, then. You’ll
take your men and hide yourself in that
bush. You’ll have to plan your trek so as
you’ll get there after sun set and before the
moon rises. And you’ll vait there until
things begin to happen.”

  “But if we get so close why can’t we at-
tack at once?”

  “Because!” Isaacs exclaimed wearily.
“Oh, — ■—, missioner, don’t be so foony.
They’ll have sentries posted, maybe, and
they’ve got guns an’ Maxims, an’ your
cross’ll only stop a bullet if it gets in the
vay of one. An’ even if you vun in the
end, first a lot of men vould die. No!
You’ll vait until I make things happen an’
then, when they’re all busy lookin’ at me,
then you can attack—if there’s any need
to,” he added as an afterthought.

  Miles frowned doubtfully.

  “You’ll promise to obey orders, mis-
sioner,” Isaacs said fiercely, “or I’ll make
you stay behind.”

  “Of course I’ll obey, Isaacs,” Miles said
hastily. “But how long will we have to wait?
Supposing your plan fails, what then?”
“You’ll vait until just before sun rise an’
if I ain’t come by that time, you an’ the
cross can do things your own vay. But
you von’t have to vait that long. Now go
away and let me sleep. Call me at noon.”
With that Isaacs curled up into a ball and
in a few moments was snoring loudly.

  But Miles was far from sleep, and he
paced nervously up and down until, startled
by an indignant grunt, he looked down into
the sleep filled, reproachful eyes of one of
the natives.

  He made a gesture of apology then and
sat down on a near-by boulder. The native
sighed contentedly, closed his eyes and
slept again.

  Time passed.

  Miles’ eyes roved continually from one
sleeping form to another; he held grimly on
to his gold cross as if seeking to gain con-
fidence and courage from it.

  Something moved in the undergrowth
back of him. He picked up his rifle and
turned quickly just in time to see a bush-pig
vanish into the deep bush shadows. He
laughed softly at the memories the pig
had conjured up, then he occupied himself
with examining the mechanism of his rifle.

  He sighed, placed his rifle carefully on the
ground beside him, and fingered the cross
again.	\

  Miles’ head wagged, he slid off the rock
on to the ground, he edged around a little
to get into the shade of the rock, his eyes
closed.

  Miles slept; one hand closed firmly on the
stock of his rifle, the other on the cross
which hung from his neck. His face ex-
pressed the great contentment which goes
with a complete confidence in a plan to
be followed.

HE AWAKENED some hours
later and smiled into the face
of Isaacs who was standing over
him.

  The natives were standing eagerly about,
looking at him with impatience.

  “Is it time that we started?” he stam-
mered. “I have been asleep. I didn’t
mean to.”

  “Sure you slept,” Isaacs chuckled. “An*
you must have the conscience of a two-year-
old, missioner. You avakened so easy-
like. Yes. It’s time that ve vent—to eat.”

  “Eat?” Miles echoed incredulously.

  “Sure! These men still have bellies,
missioner, an’ some of ’em may not eat
again after tonight. Come!”

  He led the way back to the store where his
boys had prepared vast quantities of mealie-
meal and boiled chicken for the natives.

  “Ve vill eat, too,” Isaacs said, and led the
missionary into the skoff hut, ignoring his
frowns at the gourds of beer with which the
natives were washing down their food.

  An hour later the two white men left
the hut and found that the natives, too, had
finished their skoff, and were passing the
time in rough horse-play and the telling
qf jokes which were as primitive as their
dress. One group was singing a mission
hymn-tune and Miles beamed approval
“—and of Gideon!”

173

until he caught the sense of the words they
were singing to it. And then his blue eyes
flashed coldly, his muscles tensed.

  “I said they were children!” Isaacs said
quietly and Miles relaxed; he grinned
sheepishly.

  “It is time we go,” Isaacs shouted, and
at the sound of his booming voice the horse-
play ceased, the song ended in a discordant
quaver, the point of a joke remained untold.
Without further word they divided them-
selves as Isaacs had divided them at the
river—two hundred on one side, a hundred
on the other.

  “The umfundisi leads you,” Isaacs said
to the hundred. “Obey him in all things,
my children. Is it understood?”

  “Truly!” they shouted. “He is your
mouthpiece. We hear and we obey.”

  “You understand vot you’re to do, mis-
sioner?”

  Miles nodded.

 “All right. Take ’em along. Make

yourselves as invisible as possible—an’ don’t
let ’em sing anything. Good luck!”

  The two men clasped hands and then the
missionary, firmly gripping his rifle, led
his band down the hill.

  As soon as they had disappeared around
a bend in the trail, Isaacs had his men line
up and addressed them in short, pithy
sentences, telling them exactly the part they
were to play. The softly intoned “Au-a!”,
the clicks of admiration which punctuated
his discourse satisfied him that they fully
understood his plan and approved of it.

  His face glowed with pleasure, his eyes
sparkled behind the strong-lensed glasses
he wore. Isaacs had chosen his men well.
Many of them were old, experienced hunt-
ers, the rest were of the hunting breed, lack-
ing only the experience which comes with
age to make them the equal of the others.

  To each of the younger ones he gave a
can—kerosene can, small wash-basin, large,
empty fruit tin—any kind of can which
was large enough to make a noise when
beaten upon with a stick.

  And then, ready now to put his plan into
execution, Isaacs led his men down the
hillside.

  Coming out on to the broad valley below
the men divided into parties of ten, an old
hunter in charge of each, and vanished
noiselessly into the bush.

  Isaacs with another ten continued along
the trail in single file until, presently, they

too left the trail and became lost in the
dense bush. But this maneuver was not
to seek shelter, or to mask their advance
from possible scouts of the Portuguese:
Isaacs and his two hundred men were comb-
ing the bush, looking for the recruits to
their army.

  They advanced very slowly, noiselessly,
and spread out so that they covered a wide
front, yet near enough so that they kept in
touch with each other.

 j® ONCE a peculiar cry sounded far
(azffiTh to the right of them. Isaacs
answered it and it was repeated
far to their left. Again the cry
sounded and Isaacs’ men changed their
course slightly, bearing toward the direction
from which the cry first came.

 On they went, stopped now by a bad
piece of thorn scrub, now by a tall patch
of flesh-tearing spear grass. Once they
halted and conversed in excited whispers
about a stout tree, the bark of which had
been worn smooth at a height of fifteen feet
from the ground. Again an uprooted
mimosa tree—its sap was still running—-
aroused their interest and after they had
gravely inspected it and the immense,
smoking animal droppings which littered
the ground thereabouts, Isaacs gave the
signal cry, heard it repeated to- the left and
the right of him, then cautiously followed
the track which was clearly marked in the
bush—as clearly as if a huge steam roller
had gone before them.

- Just before sundown they heard noises
ahead of them—the snapping of trees and
loud rumblings—the bello wings of an ele-
phant.

 Their progress became even slower and
infinitely more cautious. Not a step was
made before the bush ahead was carefully
scanned, and before a forward step re-
ceived the weight of the body, the ground
was tested. They dared not risk, at this
time, the cracking of a twig underfoot.

 Yet, even so, Isaacs—and few natives
excelled his trekking ability—nearly walked
into a big bull. Standing motionless under
a spreading-branched baobab tree, the big
fellow had looked like one of the gray bush
shadows. He seemed to be unaware of the
presence of humans and as they waited,
breathlessly, hoping that the wind would not
suddenly change its direction, he filled his
trunk with dirt and sprayed it over his back.
174

Adventure

  It sounded like a mighty wind rushing in
to fill some suddenly created vacuum.
Then he moved steadily off, his big ears
flopping, his head moving majestically up
and down. Save for an occasional crack-
ing as he wantonly stripped branches from
the trees, and an intermittent voiding of
wind, the bull’s progress was noiseless.
As noiseless as that of the puny mortals
who followed dangerously close at his heels.

  Soon Isaacs and his men came to the edge
of a large clearing which sloped gently to a
muddy pool. And there they saw a herd
of cows with their calves and young bull
elephants wallowing happily in the mud.
Other elephants, old bulls all of them though
none were as big as the one Isaacs’ men had
been following, were leaving the bush at
various points and converging on the pool.
As each one joined the herd, he was greeted
by the shrill, effeminate trumpeting of the
cows. One young bull ventured to dispute
the way to the big bull of the herd and the
two massive heads came together with a
thunderous impact.

  The cows squealed, a baby calf ran and
sought protection under its mother’s belly,
its trunk curling up, seeking at this moment
of fear, courage from its mother’s milk;
the other bulls huddled together and looked
sagely on. But the fight was already over;
that one impact was enough for the young-
ster and he turned sheepishly away, broke
into a shuffling trot and squealed with fear
when the big bull trumpted and feinted to
charge him.

  The victor rocked back and forth—the .
others moved uneasily and there was an air
of unrest over the whole herd until the big
tusker’s ears flopped lazily and turning his
back to the others got down on his knees
and wallowed luxuriously.

  Isaacs moved impatiently forward, but
stopped as a grizzled native placed a re-
straining hand on his arm.

  “We must wait, master,” the old one
said. “This is their place and we can not
hurry them from it. When the moon rises
will be time enough. See! The others
wait.”

  The gray beard and the natives who were
with him squatted down on their haunches.

  Isaacs looked to the right and the left;
he sensed rather than saw that this side of
the clearing was fringed by his men, all
waiting patiently, all realizing that to go
slow is often the best speed, realizing that

when elephants want to play nothing short
of a stampede will move them. And a
stampede was not at this time in keeping
with Isaacs’ plan.

  So he shrugged his shoulders resignedly
and squatted down beside the gray beard.

  “The spirits are with us, master, the
charm works,” the old one said, whispering
as if he were afraid the big beast would hear
and understand him. “Some day—very
soon—the madness will come upon the big
tusker and then the herd will not rest until
he is killed. I thought the time had come
when he fought the young one. If it had,
all our cunning would have been to no
avail.”

  Time passed, the sun set. The western
sky flamed red—then darkness came.

  Down by the water the tragedies and
comedies of elephant life continued; to the
waiting men came gargantuan sounds as if
the earth labored; in the far distance a low
rumbling noise as of thunder sounded and
an elephant trumpted in shrill derision of
the lion’s hunting note; the distant rum-
bling faded away; a strong breeze, laden with
the pungent odor of elephants, stung the
men’s nostrils and died down again as
quickly as it had risen. ;

  Behind in the bush, a heavy tread, the
smashing down of bushes, a frightened,
bleating note, alarmed the men. A gigan-
tic black shadow loomed up out of the dark-
ness and rushed by them, nearly treading
on Isaacs.

  He cursed softly then laughed as the gray
beard explained—

  “It is a young cow—she was lost. Listen!
They are laughing at her.”

  From the darkness below sounded gur-
gling, chuckling noises.

  The moon rose swiftly making of the
landscape an etching in black and white.
Shadows moved and mysteriously vanished;
the elephants down in the hollow milled
about uneasily. In the cold, white light
they appeared like fantastic shapes of a
nightmare. Their fanning ears looked like
wings, their searching tusks like gigantic
snakes.

         THEY lined up suddenly facing
t^le ^ne heaters, their right
I	tore^e8s swinging in an attitude of

          indecision. Several of the bulls
advanced slowly, stopped, a few paces more,
stopped. The biggest tusker of them all
“—and of Gideon!”

175

came on alone; advanced to within twenty
feet of where Isaacs squatted then stopped
and peered uneasily before him.

  “They’ve got our scent,” Isaacs muttered.
“We’re beat if something doesn’t turn ’em.”
“Look, master! There goes one who has
a plan!”

  The gray beard pointed to a tiny figure
running swiftly across the open. He passed
perilously near to the main body of the
herd but the elephants seemed unconscious
of his presence. They were too absorbed
in the hidden menace before them,

  Isaacs watched the man gain the high
ground opposite and there busy himself,
running about in an apparently aimless,
ant-like fashion.

  Presently a tiny spark of flame appeared.
The gray beard chuckled, “He lights a
fire,” he said. “He is very wise. Watch
now, master, and listen.”

  The flame grew larger. A faint shout
echoed across the valley. A shout and the
banging of wood on tin. It was a sacrile-
gious noise; the voice of a puny mortal de-
riding the gods.

  The elephants turned about. The man
was dancing fantastically about the fire—
shouting insults, beating the tin can which
hung from his neck.

  The bull elephants moved forward, took
their position at the head of the herd—went
forward again — quicker—quicker — broke
into their pace-deceiving shuffle, trumpeted
loudly and charged at the fire, at the sound,
at the dancing figure.

  They flowed over and around the fire
then passed on into the bush beyond. The
menace had passed, the fire was out, the
noise ceased, the dancing figure had dis-
appeared. They forgot the other menace,
the scent which had first aroused their
suspicions. Ahead were sweet, hunger-
satisfying mealie crops. Belly hunger as-
serted itself.

  Isaacs and his thin line of beaters surged
triumphantly forward, over the muddy
pool, up into the bush beyond.

 “That one was a man—his name, his
deed, must not be forgotten,” Isaacs said.

  “It will not be,” the gray beard chuckled.
“He will never weary of telling the story,
but we shall weary of its telling.”

  “He is dead—it is not well to jest of such
a brave one, old man.”

  “He lives, master. See!”

  A man stepped out from behind a large tree

in front of them. He had run to it and hidden
behind its thick trunk when the elephants
had charged. They had poured past him,
to the right and to the left, a gray, ponder-
ous flood of death. But not one had turned
toward him, not one had seen him.

  “I’m a hunter,” he boasted.

  “When the hunt is over—then talk,”
the gray beard said curtly

THEY went on in silence, keep-
ing close to the herd. The ele-
phants were moving leisurely
now, yet the men had to run to
keep up with them, At times only the
noise ahead told them of the herd’s proxim-
ity; at times they got so close that by
stretching out a hand they could have
touched the hindmost, yet, because of the
thick hush growth which the moon’s ray
could not pierce, were unable to see them.

  Again, where the bush was thin, they saw
the beasts moving forward with effortless
grace and ease—silent shadows of anight
of shadows; and once, after topping a
slight rise, they came suddenly face to face
with the herd. For a full minute men and
mammoths seemed frozen into statues
carved from the bush—then the elephants
wheeled ponderously and continued their
journey.

  With the cunning of sheep dogs driving
a flock of sheep, silently, not pressing too
hard for fear the herd would break back or
stampede and lose its cohesion, Isaacs and
his men followed; and so clever was their
hunting craft that the herd’s suspicions
were being continually aroused—and al-
layed—until it was evident that any overt
demonstration would turn their food-seek-
ing march into a devastating stampede.

  And so, in due course, they came to the
mealie patches which were before Misongwe.

“I SHALL make you pay some-
time for the way you have treated
me, Senhor Gonzales,” D’Andra
said slowly.

  The two men were seated outside their
tent. The moon was high, there was an
atmosphere of peace about the place. From
the long trench to the right of the tent came
happy snatches of song and boisterous
laughter. It drowned the groans which
came from within the tent.

  Gonzales, his eyes inflamed, his hands
unsteady, gulped down another drink.
176

Adventure

  “At least,” he said contemptuously, “I
have done my best to make a man of you.
You are not so pretty as you were—no.
But soon, this will be ended and you will go
back to Lourenco Marques and forget all
that I have taught you.”

  “You have taught me nothing,” D’Andra
said sullenly. “You have treated me as if
I were a nigger. You have made me work

with my hands-”

  Gonzales laughed.

  “Let that pass. You, on your part, have
been like a fool. You disobeyed my com-
mands. Twice you nearly ruined our mis-
sion by that blatting tongue of yours. And
so I had to punish you. I could not sjam-
bok you as I do the niggers. You cry too
easily! But soon all this will be over.
There is no need now for caution. We are
in an impregnable position. You will be

promoted to a high position and-”

  “And I shall not forget to make you pay
for the misery you have caused me,”
D’Andra said wrathfully.

 “-! Stop snivelling and drink to

success. The trench works are finished—
we have enough provisions to last a long
siege should the English try to oust us be-
fore the diplomats are through with their
wordy war. Copies of the concession are
on the way to the two governments and a
messenger goes tomorrow from Macombe
asking our government to assume a pro-
tectorate over his country.”

  He laughed brutally.

  “My little arguments which I used to
persuade Macombe were excellent, weren’t
they? A nail torn off is very powerful as a
persuader—that is an excellent argument—
and one has always twenty such arguments
at one’s disposal. Presented slowly, the
arguments are unanswerable. It is rarely
necessary to advance more than five of
them. Macombe—” he laughed again—
“was obstinate.”

  D’Andra shivered.

  “You are a beast, Gonzales. The way

you have treated me-”

  “Still whining about yourself, eh? Bah!
Another word and I will treat you as I
treated Macombe.” He drank again. “You
have nothing to whine about. I permit you
to have all the glory; I allow you to take

charge of the concession and-”

 “My -! What’s that?” D’Andra

leaped to his feet.

  Gonzales laughed.

  “It’s only an elephant trumpeting, fool.
They will make good hunting for me. The
ivory they carry will pay me well for the
trouble of this expedition. That is all the
concession I want.”

  A mass of clouds veiled the moon.

  “Tomorrow,” he continued, “we will cut
down the mealie patches. An army could
hide there. Still—” he shrugged his shoul-
ders—“before it got to us it would have to
cross that bare land where there is no cover
—but'which we could cover with a leaden
mantel of death.”

  The clouds passed but others were coming
up fast.

  The two men could see huge, gray forms
in the mealie patch. They moved like the
flickering fantasies of a nightmare; the air
was filled with strange, gargantuan noises.

  “The tuskers are feeding well,” Gonzales
chuckled. “Maybe I won’t have to bother
about cutting down the mealies after all.”

  More clouds drifted across the moon,
when they had passed and all was light
again, the two could see three—four—five
elephants standing before the mealie patch.
They were swaying their heads uncertainly,
their enormous ears were spread out wide,
their trunks curved upward.

  “Get me my rifle,” Gonzales ordered
curtly. “I’m going to give them a warning
to steer clear of here.”

  But before D’Andra could move a terrific
din arose—a clamor of shouting voices, the
beating of tin cans—the firing of guns.

  One of the elephants at the edge of the
clearing trumpeted loudly and was an-
swered by the bugling of others.

  And then, with surprising suddenness, the
five big bulls charged forward, followed by
the gray, devastating avalanche of the rest
of the herd—the earth shook to their pon-
derous tread.

  “-!” Gonzales roared to the soldiers

in the trenches. “Fire—before they are
on us.”

  But his voice was unheard in the con-
fusion.

  Here and there a soldier fired into the on-
rushing horde and then, yelling with fear,
threw away his rifle and joined in the head-
long flight of his comrades.

 “-!” Gonzales roared again. “My

rifle, D’Andra.” But that man had van-
ished.

  Gonzales turned to enter his tent, intend-
ing to get his rifle, then he realized that he
“—and of Gideon!”

177

had delayed too long, that nothing he could
do would stop this stampede and he lurched
drunkenly in the direction of the kraal, curs-
ing and blaspheming.

  Once he turned — the elephants had
reached the trench. It had stopped them;
they were milling about it, exploring its
depth with their trunks.

  He slowed down to a walk, stopped and
turned to watch them. He saw one pick up
a machine gun and toss it into the air. He
saw his tent collapse as a big tusker barged
into it and he grinned as he thought of the
two bound men he had left in it. Their
deaths would make things easier for him.
They-

  And then with a curse he turned and ran
again. The big bull was coming on, scream-
ing with rage, maddened by a piece of can-
vas which flapped about its ears.

  Gonzales ran on, cursing, praying. His
feet felt like lead, his heart pounded rapidly
—his eyes closed—he rolled in his gait.

  The heavy pounding behind him sounded
closer and closer.

  He glanced over his shoulder in a frenzy
of fear.

  “-!” he shrieked.

  And then a swinging blow knocked him
headlong—the weight of death dropped
heavily on him.

  A report sounded crisply above the clamor.
Another shot.

  The big bull rose from his knees—the
moonlight glinted on its blood-stained tusks
—then toppled slowly over.

  The clouds closed in. It began to rain.

         IT WAS early morning.
mm) The children of the kraal were
I mlri/ swarming about the body of the
dead bull; the women were
mournfully examining then trampled mealie
patches; the men were crowding about their
chief, acclaiming his decision to ask the
British to assume a protectorate over
them.

  Dixon was superintending the roping to-
gether of the soldiers who had been the
porters of the expedition. Four of them,
led by the young warrior, had rushed to
the rescue of Macombe just before the big
bull crashed into the tent.

  “And I ain’t a bit sorry,” Isaacs said—he
and Miles were seated on the ground, their
backs against the pole stockade of the kraal
—“I killed the tusker too late to save Gon-

  12

zales. Sure! It vas a-of a vay to die

—but hej deserved it!”

  Miles nodded.

  “Just the same,” Isaacs continued with a
chuckle. “He must have been a smart
man to have caught Dixon. I vonder how
he did it? But ve’ll never know. That
big fellow is a vonderful liar. But look!
Ain’t that foony!”

  He pointed to a monstrously fat woman
who waddled out of the gate in the stockade.
Under one brawny arm she carried the
wriggling figure of D’Andra. In her other
hand she clutched a roll of parchment which
was tied with a broad red ribbon.

  As she came opposite Isaacs and D’Andra
she loosed her hold of D’Andra and he
dropped, to the ground then scuttled away,
yelling with fright. He was captured by
two warriors and escorted to Dixon.

  The woman, her face glowering with
righteous indignation, turned on Isaacs
who was giggling loudly.

  “And so this comes back to me,” she
panted. What with her age, her fatness and
her exertions she was almost breathless.
She waved the parchment feebly. “Ma-
combe the chief gave it to the man who was
my husband, Umglubu the Pig, we called
him, and he gave it to me. Au-a! that was
before you came here, storekeeper. But,
just a little while ago, my husband left me,
in the quiet of the night he went and he took
this from me while I slept. Many times be-
fore he had tried to take it, but always I
slept on my right side and he couldn’t. But
that night—” She sighed. “But now it is
mine. That child of a man came running
into my hut last night, squealing with fear.
This was in his hand—so I protected him.”
She stuck it in the slot in her left ear and
waddled pompously away.

  The two white men looked at each other
and grinned.

  “The British ought to give you anything
you ask for for this night’s work, Big ’Un.”

  “-!” Isaacs said heatedly. “I didn’t

do it for them. I vas thinking of Macombe
and his people.” He chuckled. “Veil, ve did
it, didn’t ve, missioner? Ve made ’em run.”
“Yes,” Miles said solemnly. “We made

them run. With the sword of the Lord-”

“Oy,” Isaacs murmured—he was looking
at the retreating figure of the fat woman;
the red ribbon on the parchment dangled
coquettishly down to her shoulders—“and
of Gideon!”
CAMPFIRE

 /I free-to-all
 •'meeting place
 for reader

   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parts of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have taken the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship has grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
two men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesame between strangers
in a far land.

   Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

   If you are come to our Camp-Fire for the rirst time and find you like the things we
like, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

TESTIMONY asked for by E.

0.	Foster of our writers’ brigade
concerning the ant-heap and other
tortures said to be practised by
natives of the Philippines. Will any with
definite, first-hand facts on the subject
either tell us about it for Camp-Fire in gen-
eral or write Mr. Foster in our care?

San Francisco.

  I wish you would ask Camp-Fire what they know
about the ant-heap and other forms of torture
practised by the “Little Brown Brothers” in the
Philippines. I am of the opinion that some of
the old-timers who lived over there in the days of
the Empire would say a mouthful. Personally I have
never seen a man who had escaped from an ant
torture, nor have I ever seen the bones of a man
picked clean by the tiny pests, but, I have heard
the rumor ever since I first set forth in the First
Expedition to the Philippines.—E. 0. Foster.

178

        THIS comrade’s letter has been
r~ -t (Iw sent on Fred Halsey, and it is
to be hoped they have “met up”
i	tjme Incidentally, no one

need ask whether he may join our Camp-
Fire. If he wants to come in he’s probably
our sort, and that’s all that’s necessary for
joining our circle.

Marietta, Ohio.

  When I was a kid and wanted to come to a camp-
fire that some of the gang had built, it was com-
pulsory to bring your “puddins” with you. (Pud-
dins being a stick of firewood to help keep the fire
going.) Now I ask you, may I come into your
Camp-Fire? I have my puddins.

"fyyAS at Muscle Shoals a few days ago and it
was raining to beat a “pat straight.” I
brought a copy of Adventure in order to while away
the time and learned that I was not in existence.
At least Fred Halsey said “The MacBane is dead.”
The Camp-Fire

179

  I want to thank Mr. Halsey for the many nice
things he said about my kinfolks. Yes, they were a
peace loving family, that is the truth, for my dad
told me they all loved a peaceful quiet life. His
father, my grandfather, was a stump speaker, a
Whig, when he was not buying cattle. It must have
been that some persons did not like grandad’s ora-
tory, for dad at the age of nine years had to swim
the Ohio River, taking with him two revolvers and a
knife. His mother had sent him to meet his dad, who
was then on a cattle buying trip. Dad said, “The
homecoming was verypeaceful. Yes,there were quite
a few neighbors to meet them, but two guns and a
knife strapped on six-foot John MacBane surely
were symbolic of peace and there is no doubt in my
mind but that the neighbors read those peaceful
signs correctly.” I promise Mr. Hafsey the world’s
peace will not be disturbed by “the MacBane.”

  If the Halsey and MacBane trails ever cross, I
sure would like to shake hands with the gentleman
and guarantee to prove to his entire satisfaction
that “The MacBane is not dead.”—Robert Mac-
Bane.

SOMETHING about snakes
chasing people. I can testify
only that in various copperhead
districts that particular snake
bears the reputation of attacking, some-
times without any provocation. An east-
ern Ohio doctor, whose word is gold, told
me a man he had treated for the bite had
been bitten from behind while sitting quiet-
ly on a log. Of course, the man may have
lied, but what motive would he have?

  In the case of this comrade, an old lady,

I	think we are warranted in printing only
her initials.

Corpus Christi, Texas.

  I see in the copy for November 30, 1924, that
somebody is doubting Mr. Payne’s article in regard
to snakes chasing folks. Now I am not claiming to
be an expert on reptiles, but 1 am going to tell you
what I saw in Piney Woods of Florida.

T BEGAN my experience as wife and housekeeper
in 1807 and lived at Saw Mill, of which my hus-
band was superintendent. I was the only white
woman there. One day, sitting reading in my room,
I noticed a rustling among some papers in the big
fireplace. Looking up, I beheld an enormous snake
with his head raised fully two feet above the floor,
gazing me in the face, eye to eye, as it were. Snakes
being a horror to me, naturally I went away. Rush-
ing to the porch and springing on a rail, I called for
help. Two colored women rushed to my aid in
time to see my visitor disappearing through a small
hole in the floor. The girls poked at him and he
crawled to a brush-heap near-by. They attempted
to poke him from there. He came and, with about
two feet of him in air, charged ’em. With haste they
fled to the gallery while snake went under the house.

  This was repeated twice. Finally, on third run,
one of the women caught Mr. Snake on the end of
her pole and, ramming him against the house, the
girls dispatched him. During all this time I held
my place on the rail of gallery (clinging to post) and

saw the snake drive the women to the house when
he had the whole State of Florida to retreat to.

A GAIN a few years later in far away Texas I had
a couple of farm boy friends, aged 12 and 14.
Sunday was a slow day on the farm and every good
fair Sunday afternoon the boys went out over the
rail fence into the brush and got up a game with a
big black runner. I did not see this snake, but I did
see the boys start the game by casting stones into a
thick clump of brush and then fly to the top of
fence, sometimes running in line with fence for some
distance and, when snake went back, repeating
stunt. Asked why not kill the brute, they said that
they played regularly with it. Lots of fun.

  Now all this I saw with good eyes and my people
who know me best believe that I tell the truth, as I
believe does Mr. Payne. Can’t speak for whole
American continent, only Texas and Florida, so that
is that. The Florida snake was also a black snake.

  If you care for this statement, publish it with in-
itials only. I am a very old woman of the old south
and interested in the old-time stories as given by
you.—Mrs. M. A. S.

V n«T.	.... 1 \9

SOMETHING from Warren El-
liot Carleton in connection with
his swordfishing story in this
issue. Mr. Carleton knows from
experience the hazards of trawling off
Georges Banks.

  This matter of getting between a liner and a
trawler in a fog is a hair-raising experience. I shall
never forget those two whistles sounding from op-
posite directions—the Hazel M. Jackson running be-
tween them with engine wide open, Captain Bob
Jackson at the wheel. We couldn’t see a thing
through the fog; all we knew of the movements of
those steamships was that their whistles sounded
closer and closer, until at last the liner went tearing
by astern, a gray shadow in the fog. Broad day-
light, too—but in the fog it might just as well have
been night. It’s bad enough for a fisherman to
dodge one deep-sea menace, but two at once! And
that trawler wasn’t much smaller than the liner at
that.

  The most vivid recollection I brought back from
the Banks is that of the utter abandon with which
some skippers of steamers tear through the fog.
Let me state definitely—and most skippers of the
swordfishing fleet will back me up in this—that there
are sea captains who show an utter disregard for
fishermen. Not all of them, but enough to make
fishing uncomfortably hazardous. They positively
do not sound their fog whistles at half-minute in-
tervals, nor do they travel at half speed, as the law
specifies.

  The fishermen do not ask more. All they demand
is regular whistling of fog warnings at half-minute
intervals. Then they can judge the course of the
liner and sheer out of its path. The new England
fishermen play too important a r61e in the nation’s
commerce to be treated so shabbily. They are
hard-working, fearless, dependable. They play tire
same role on the ocean that the cowboys play in the
West, as Theodore Roosevelt once stated. In war
or peace they are never found slacking. The Ger-
mans did not minimize their commercial importance,
i8o

Adventure

for a submarine raided the Georges fleet, sending to
the bottom Captain Bob Jackson’s old schooner
Progress and several others.

  It’s surprising how few people know that sword-
fish are caught because they are edible. Not New
Englanders, however. I think swordfish was the
first fish I ever ate—and from June to September I
still eat it whenever I can get it. To my mind it is
the “tastiest mess” that old Father Neptune yields
to folks ashore. Not a bone in it except the back-
bone, and the flavor is somewhat like that of chicken.
The sword has no commercial value, and is usually
thrown overboard as soon as it is amputated from
the expiring fish.—Warren Elliot Carleton.

YOU who are already aroused
over the ever increasing measures
for suppression of free speech, and
you, too, who with good or evil
intent are under various pretexts giving
your efforts in aid of such suppression, read
the following from the Literary Digest of Au-
gust 19, 1922, already once printed by us.
And summoning all pretexts, expediences
and evasions, answer it if you can.

  A Document on “Liberty”—“A model of kindly
and devasting criticism” is what the New York
World calls an editorial in the Emporia Gazette. It
is perhaps the last word of Mr. William Allen White
to his friend, Governor Allen, over the recent con-
troversy that brought Mr. White under orders from
the Industrial Court of Kansas. The World would
give it “a place among historic public documents,”
and as such, without concerning ourselves further
with the questions that brought it forth, we give it
to our readers:

To an Anxious Friend:

  “You tell me that-law is above freedom of utter-
ance. And I reply that you can have no wise laws
nor free enforcement of wise laws unless there is free
expression of the wisdom of the people—and, alas,
their folly with it. But if there is freedom, folly
will die of its own poison. That is the history of
the race. It is the proof of man’s kinship with God.
You say freedom of utterance is not for time of
stress, and I reply with the sad truth that only in
time of stress is freedom of utterance in danger. No
one questions it in calm days, because it is not
needed. And the reverse is true also; only when free
utterance is suppressed is it needed, and when it
is needed, it is most vital to justice. Peace is good.
But if you are interested in peace through force and
without free discussion, that is to say, free utter-
ance decently and in order—your interest in justice
is slight. And peace without justice is tyranny, no
matter how you may sugar-coat it with expediency.
This State today is in more danger from suppres-
sion than from violence, because in the end, sup-
pression leads to violence. Violence, indeed, is the
child of suppression. Whoever pleads for justice
helps to keep the peace; and whoever tramples upon
the plea for justice, temperately made in the name
of peace, only outrages peace and kills something
fine in the heart of man which God put there when
we got our manhood. When that is killed, brute
meets brute on each side of the line.

  “So, dear friend, put fear out of your heart. This
nation will survive, this State will survvie, this State
will prosper, the orderly business of life will go for-
ward if only men can speak in whatever way given
them to utter what their hearts hold—by voice, by
posted card, by letter or by press. Reason never
has failed men. Only force and repression have
made the wrecks in the world.”

 •Q	a/C-- ,.y

THIS woman comrade is, I think,
assured of a warm welcome at
our Camp-Fire. There are so
many of us in whom “the spirit
to go” is strong, and so many of us who are
shackled by one thing or another.

Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

  I am a woman, but an adventurer, also—only,
alas, nowadays all my adventuring must be of the
mind and spirit, for age and infirmities of the flesh
have put their shackles about my feet and chained
me to one spot. But, oh, how I love adventurers and
how I do enjoy the tales and discussions at Camp-
Fire, for many a camp-fire have I sat by and listened
to tales of hither and yon—and added a few myself.

  Lately Puget Sound has been calling, and when
I read

“No more I’ll go a’roving and pack my blankets
     round—

  I’ll build myself a cabin on the banks of Puget
      Sound,”

my spirit wept, for that was just what we were going
to do out there when the storm king took my hus-
band’s boat into his grasp and hungry waves car-
ried him out to sea. And so here I am back in the
tame lands. And I want to come and sit around the
Camp-Fire and “listen in.”

  I am a stranger in a strange land—none of my
kind here. All the women talk of is bridge, movies,
scandals—and I sit an outsider. Perhaps the fact
that (according to officials at Arrow, the end of the
Moffat Railroad over the Rockies) I am the only
woman who went over the Divide on horseback on
the ties of the Moffat Road 23 miles may let me in
around the Camp-Fire, to enter that fellowship of
the Great Outdoors.—Mrs. L. H. Wistrand.

FROM Mr. H, L. Henderson
came a query as to why Hugh
Pendexter gave the name “Hob-
son’s Choice” to a camp in one
of his stories and whether that was the
origin of the familiar expression. Here is a
copy of Mr. Pendexter’s reply:

                            Norway, Maine.
The camp is so designated in Wayne's Orderly
book, and was so called because the May “fresh”
compelled the army to land where it did.

ACCORDING to the Spectator, No. 509, this say-
ing, meaning “this or none,” dates back to
Tobias Hobson, carrier and innkeeper at Cambridge,
England. Says the Spectator in part, “He kept a
The Camp-Fire

181

stable of forty good cattle, always ready and fit for
traveling; but when a man came for a horse he was
led into the stable, where there was great choice,
but was obliged to take the horse which stood near-
est the stable door; so that every customer was alike
well served, according to his chance, and every
horse ridden with the same justice.”

  In 1660 Milton wrote two humorous poems, or
epitaphs, on the old carrier’s death.

  In the Times the editor asks on one occasion:
“Why is the greatest of free communities reduced to
Hobson’s choice?”

  Possibly Hobson was impelled to make this rule as
the greater number of his patrons were university
students and inclined to wild riding. In any event
his stable rule has perpetuated his name along with
his rule through nearly three centuries, and “Hob-
son’s Choice” was a bit of familiar vernacular in the
time of Wayne’s campaign.—Hugh Pendexter.

AS TO the birthplace of Buffalo
Bill. Comrade Guest tells us
Scott County, Iowa, is the spot.
As he requested, Mr. Guest has
been put into touch with Mr. Howard.
Another example of the helpfulness and
friendly spirit of our Camp-Fire.

Davenport, Iowa.

  In the January 20th issue there were a few lines
by Mr. Arthur B. Howard on the famous scout, Buf-
falo Bill, otherwise known as Wm. S. Cody. One
thing I would like to straighten out and correct, as
Mr. Howard has his wires mixed on where Buffalo
Bill was born. He states Cody was born near Leaven-
worth, Kansas, but Scott County, Iowa, has always
been known as the birthplace of him.

  Would like Mr. Howard’s address, as I could give
him additional data on Cody.—Charles Guest.

REPEATEDLY at Camp-Fire
I’ve said that undoubtedly the
Bolshevics are giving their full
support to the anti-weapon craze
now sweeping this country. Their method
is to gain control of a country by force. It
makes it easier to gain control of a country
by force—and to keep control of it—if you
can disarm its people first.

  Quite possibly that seems only ‘'alarmist
stuff.” But remember that even in the
story the wolf did come. And don’t forget
that nobody has as yet been able to find out
who is supplying the money and organized
central effort back of this anti-weapon cam-
paign.

 Read this from the New York Herald-
Tribunc of March 16:

  Revolution was portrayed with sensational real-
ity yesterday in the course of a Communist pageant
given in Madison Square Garden before 10,000 mem-
bers and friends of the Workers’ Party of America.

The occasion was a celebration of the French Com-
mune of 1871.

  Meanwhile the pageant’s interpreter, a speaker
wearing a red sash and standing on an eminence to
the left of the stage, cried out the mistakes of'the
Communists in allowing arms to remain in the hands
of the bourgeoisie.

  This error, he pointed out, resulted in the failure
of the French Commune, and the Russian Commun-
ists, in 1917, took care not to repeat it, he said.

  Note first that there were in one city at a
single meeting 10,000 Reds vociferously
present. There must be quite a few of
them in the whole country!

  And the propaganda at that meeting
seems to have centered pretty definitely on
the idea that the body of the people must be
disarmed and kept disarmed if the Red
cause is to succeed permanently.

  Yet it isn’t possible—probable—that it is
the Reds who are chiefly back of the anti-
weapon campaign?

TWO of you have sent me a
booklet on the Sergeant William
Cunningham case. You will re-
member that Camp-Fire has al-
ready heard the charges that Cunningham
was railroaded into Leavenworth because
he was uncovering extensive graft among
commissioned officers in 1919. The facts
have not yet been clearly established and
that in itself is a disgrace and an injustice.
The War Department, however much it
strives to ignore it, is nevertheless responsi-
ble to the people and dependent upon their
good will. And the Administration, how-
ever many and great the scandals it has
triumphantly survived, does not command
any too great an allowance of respect for
the loudly advertised whiteness of its moral
garments.

  The pamphlet closes with the following:

  “Editor of The New York Bulletin:—Determined
to bring about the liberation of Sergt. William Cun-
ningham, members of the Kings County Council,
Veterans of Foreign Wars, representing every post
of that order in Brooklyn, unanimously decided to
thoroughly investigate the charges and fight for a
review of the case which resulted in the confinement
of this veteran to military prisons.

  Efforts to have an exposure of the “grafter’s plot”
made known through the medium of the public press
were fruitless. City editors, although realizing the
news value of the story, dared not “run” an article
of this kind which would jeopardize their positions.
Committees of the V. F. W., endeavoring to have
stories concerning this case printed, were told that
a “hands-off” policy was being pursued by the pa-,
pers requested to feature the articles.
182

Adventure

  The Bulletin, however, had evidenced its fearless-
ness by sponsoring the cause of this worthy Ameri-
can.

  The post of which the writer has the honor of
being commander, contributes a stipulated sum
weekly in order that the committee may proceed
with its duties unhampered by financial need. Fifty
other posts throughout Brooklyn also contribute
to this fund.

  It is the belief of the Raymond A. Mclver Post
that the Kings County Council, V.F.W., is entitled
to the full credit of sponsoring the fight for the vin-
dication and liberation of Cunningham.”—George
Reaney, Commander Raymond A. Mclver Post,
V. F. W., Brooklyn.

  At this writing the latest development is
that an attempt was made to have Cun-
ningham adjudged insane. But he was, in-
stead, adjudged sane. By a jury. District
of Columbia Supreme Court.

  Some one may really have considered him
insane. On the other hand, an attempt to
have him adjudged insane is just the move
that would be expected from people who
could thus protect themselves from charges
they did not care to face from a sane man
even if that man had been successfully kept
in prison hah a dozen years after daring to
bring those charges in the first place.

 Cunningham may be guilty, and they
innocent, but he is not insane. And, which-
ever of them is guilty, the War Depart-
ment and the Administration are guilty for
not having the main issue cleared up after
six years. By a public trial, a thorough ex-
amination into all the facts, and an honest
hearing. Since a civil court was appealed
to in the effort to prove insanity, why not
appeal to a civil court in an effort to deter-
mine guilt or innocence? A court-martial
does not bear the reputation of being a very
reliable means of determining guilt. As a
lawyer or a judge the military man is likely
to be a good soldier. The “welfare of the
service” is often a worthy cause, but some-
times it is sadly at variance with justice
which is supposed to be blind to all but the
facts on which it passes. Discipline is
necessary to military effectiveness, but un-
fortunately it sometimes produces aufo-
crats who are accustomed to settling mat-
ters by their own yes or no without too
thorough an examination. Loyalty to one's
caste and salt has its admirable aspects, but
sometimes its personal appeal is irreconcil-
able with loyalty to abstract justice. At a
court-martial a counsel is assigned to the
prisoner for his defense, but he is likely to
be a junior officer with the unpleasant task

of opposing his own superiors for the sake
of one of his own inferiors. Nor are court-
martials, being human as well as military,
free from the charge of having been gov-
erned by undue influences.

  Decidedly it is up to the War Depart-
ment and the Administration in general to
vindicate the particular court-martial that
declared Cunningham guilty. “For the
good of the service,” if for no other reason.
There are extant too many affidavits cast-
ing some doubt as to the correctness of its
findings to allow the people to accept those
findings unquestioningly. While if all the
charges made against Cunningham’s accus-
ers, condemners and others are true, there
is a surpassing rottenness in our military
establishment. If these charges are false,
they are so injurious that one would think
their victims would insist on public vindi-
cation.

  Pointing to Cunningham’s innocence is
the War Department’s steadfast refusal
under several years’ bombardment to give
his case any more than a star-chamber re-
hearing. Particularly when followed by a
futile attempt to prove him insane. And if
it is true that the War Department or some
other part of the Administration has been
exercising pressure on the press not to give
the case publicity, it is a natural inference
for many Americans that the powers that
be are making a desperate effort to hide
something they are afraid to have seen.

  Of course Cunningham may be a villain
and all the apparent dodging and covering
up merely a sane, just and warranted course,
bui. it’s high time this were proved to be
the case.—A. S. H.

OUR Camp-Fire Stations are spreading
steadily over the map. Help make
them grow. Any qualified person can start
a Station.

A STATION may be in any shop, home or
other reputable place. The only require-
ments are that a Station shall display the
regular Station sign, provide a box or drawer
for mail to be called for and preserve the
register book.

   No responsibility for mail is assumed by anybody; the
Station merely uses ordinary care. Entries in register to be
confined to name or serial number, route, destination,
permanent address and such other brief notes or remarks as
desired; each Station can impose its own limit on space to
be used. Registers become permanent property of Station;
signs remain property of this magazine, so that if there is
due cause of complaint from members a Station can be
discontinued by withdrawing sign.

   A Station bulletin-board is strongly to be recommended
as almost necessary. On it travelers can leave tips as to
conditions of trails, etc., resident members can post their
The Camp-Fire

183

  names and addresses, such hospitality as they care to offer,
  calls for any travelers who are familiar with countries these
  residents once knew, calls for particular men if they happen
  that way, etc., notices or tips about local facilities and con-
  ditions. Letters to resident members can be posted on this
  bulletin board.

  Any one who wishes is a member of Camp-Fire and
  therefore entitled to the above Station privileges subject to
  the Keeper's discretion. Those offering hospitality of any
  kind do so on their own responsibility and at their own risk
  and can therefore make any discriminations they see fit.
  Traveling members will naturally be expected to remember
  that they are merely guests and act accordingly.

  Keepers answer letters only if they wish. For local
  information write “Ask Adventure.”

  A Station may offer only the required register and mail
  facilities or enlarge its scope to any degree it pleases. Its
  possibilities as headquarters for a local club of resident
  Camp-Fire members are excellent.

  The only connection between a Station and this magazine
  is that stated above, and a Keeper is in no other way re-
  sponsible to this magazine nor representative of it.

  Arizona—200—Clifton. C. Hooker.

     209—Quartzite.	Buck Conner, Box 4.

     285—Yuma.	W. P. Kline, 4th Ave. & 8th St.
  Arkansas—161—Hot Springs. Tom Manning, Jr., 322

     Morrison Ave.

 California—28—Lost Hills. Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Monson,
     Cottage Inn.

    60—San Bernardino. Charles A. Rouse, Hotel St.
    Augustine.

     73—Galt.	E. M. Cook, Box 256.

     74—Eagle	Rock. John R. Finney, 109 Eddy Ave.

    89—Chico. K. W. Mason, 1428 Park Ave.

     108—Helendale. G. R. Wells, P. O. Box 17.

    113—Vallejo.	Edith G. Engesser, Golden Triangle
    Rabbitry, Highway Homes.

     114—Mill	Valley. L. F. Guedet, Restawhyle Knoll.

     115—Los	Gatos. G. H. Johnson.

     116—Sebastopol.	Mrs. Lucy E. Hicks, 420 S. Main St.

    126—Covelo. Whit H. Ham, Box 388.

    141—Santa Cruz. A. W. Wyatt, Capitola Road and
    Jose Ave.

    149—San Francisco. A. H. Hutchinson, Veteran
    Press, 1264 Valencia St.

     186—Santa Ysabel. William Strover, Santa Ysabel Inn.

     210—Berkeley.	Dr.Louis C.Mullikin,305Aches0nBldg.

    211—Pomona.	Fred G. Sunley, 480 E. Alverado St.

    212—Del	Monte. Alex H. Sokoloff, 3rd Signal Co.
    R. O. T. C.

     231—San Francisco. Earl V. Swift, 24-a Brady St.

     251—Williams.	Joe Lanouette, Opera Pool Hall.

    252—Fresno.	Mrs. Harriet Church, Echo Gardens,
    712 Echo Ave.

     257—San	Francisco. K. F. Richards, 1807 Post St.

     266—Santa	Barbara. E. Chester Roberts, 714 State St.

    273—Los Angeles. Henry M. Harrod, 6615 So.

     Main St.

     286—Sacramento.	Carl W. La Force, 2329 Eye St.

     287—Stockton.	Ivan J. Dill, 520 E. Washington St.
  Colorado—105—Grand Junction, Bart Lynch, 236 Main St.

    267—Sugar	Loaf. Frank Earnest.

     279—Denver. DeForrest Hall, 2531 Bryant St. E.
  Connecticut—142—Meriden. Homer H. Brown, 1 Colony
  Place.

  Delaware—232—Delmar. J. A. Aniba, Stone House Hotel.

 D.	C.—167—Washington. Walter A. Sheil, 503 Sixth St.
     N. E.

  Florida—87—Miami. A. C. Smith, 49 N. E. First St.

    117—Miami.	Miami Canoe Club, 115 S. W. South
    River Drive.

     128—Titusville. Max von Koppelow, Box 1014.

    138—St.	Petersburg. Miss Maude V. Hughson, 2402
    First Ave. So.

    139—St.	Petersburg. Capt. Lee Whetstone, Hotel
    Poinsettia.

     143—St. Petersburg. J. G. Barnhill, 10 Third St. N.

     158—Crescent City. E. N. Clark, care Call.

     188—Johnson.	Clifford Martin.

     258—Jacksonville.	T. J. Eppes, The Hobby Shop.

     262—Wildwood. E. M. Dilly, L. B. 114.

    285—Tampa. R. Stuart Murray, Mezzanine Floor,
    Hillsboro Hotel.

     288—Orlando.	O. D. Young, 112 Court St.

 Georgia—98—Hinesville. R. N. Martin, The Liberty

     County Herald.

     289—Monticello.	O. E. Wells.

Idaho—no—Pocatello. C. W. Craig, 223 S. Second Ave.
Illinois—66—Mt. Carmel. W. C. Carter, 1122 Chestnut St.
67—Plainfield. J. P. Glass, The Linshield Co.

     189—Chicago.	Herman A. Schell, 8708 Vincennes Ave.

     213—Chicago.	Pietro Ferraro, 1007 S. Peoria St.

     237—Chicago. Wm. Churchill, 6541 S. State St.

     253—Chicago.	G. C. Huebner, 2608 Magnolia Ave.
     290—Gibson City. J. D. Ashley, 117 Sangamon Ave.

Indiana—18—Connersville. Norba Wm. Guerin, 112 East
    Eighteenth St.

    90—Linton. Herschell Isom, 73 Tenth St., N. E.
    180—Warsaw. Homer Lewis.

     287—Vincennes.	John C. Maloney, 1004 N. Seventh St.
Iowa—238—Atlantic. George Woodbury, 5 E. Third St.
Kansas—228—Leavenworth. Ben H. Lukenbill, 315

     Shawnee St.

Kentucky—144—Corbin. Keith Mauney.

     190—Louisville. H. S. Summers, 421 W. Jefferson St.
Louisiana—140—New Orleans. J. D. Montgomery, Navy
Recruiting Office.

     228—St.	Rose. C. M. Elfer.

Maine—19—Bangor. Dr. G. E. Hathome, 70 Main St.
    59—Augusta. Robie M. Liscomb, 73>4 Bridge St.
    hi—Lewiston. Howard N. Lary, 714 Main Street.

  243—Winthrop.	O. A. Abbot.	/
Maryland—55—Baltimore. Henry W. L. Fricke, 1200

     E.	Madison St., at Asquith.

     82—Baltimore. Joseph Patti, Jr., 4014 E. Lombard St.
151—W illiam sport. L. J. Schaefer, Frederick St.
Massachusetts—56—Watertown Arsenal. E. Worth Ben-
son, Station Hospital.

     274—Everett.	Aubrey S. McLellan, 4 Marion Place.
Michigan—69—Grand Rapids. Dr. A. B. Muir, 1121

     Turner Ave., N. W.

     79—Lansing. Geo. H. Allen, Lansing Industrial News,
     109.K N. Washington Ave.

    106—Gaylord. Sidney M. Cook.

    131—North Muskegon. James Fort Forsyth, Forsyth
    Publisher’s Service, Phone 5891.

     137—Flint. O’Leary & Livingston, 309 So. Saginaw St.

     192—Pickford.	Dr. J. A. Cameron, Tlie Grand Theater.
     227—Adrian. S. N. Cook, 221 Clinton St.

Minnesota—112—St. Paul. St. Paul Daily News, 92 E.
    Fourth St.

     145—St.	Cloud. F. T. Tracy, 426 Eighth Ave. N.
Mississippi—88—Tunica. C. S. Swann, Tunica Plumbing

     & Electric Shop.

    99—Picayune. D. E. Jonson.

     268—Pascagoula.	C. E. Walter, 239 Orange St.
Missouri—51—St. Louis. W. R. Hoyt, 7921 Van Buren

     St., phone Riverside 250.

     94—St. Louis. C. Carter Lee, M. D., 3819 Olive St.

     127—Salem. Emmet C. Higgins, 100 N. Tenth St.

    289—Nevada.	T. S. Hope, 705 N. Clay St.

Montana—240—Fort Missoula. Company C, 4th Infantry.

     254—Hamilton.	Mrs. Lucy Hyde, 64 N. Second St.

    288—Anaconda.	R. T. Newman.

Nebraska—95—Omaha. L. W. Stewart, 119 No. 16th St.

    214—Tecumseh.	Dr. C. F. Roh.

New Mexico—96—Silver City. Edward S. Jackson, Box
    435-

     203—Elephant Butte via Engle. Henry Stein.

    229—Santa	F6. N. Howard Thorp, 103 Palace Ave.

    290—Sante	F6. Ralph E. Pierson.

New Jersey—91—Tenafly. Ed Stiles, P. O. Box 254.

     146—Paterson.	Charles S. Gall, 378 Dakota St.

    164—Chatham.	Roy S. Tinney.

     244—East	Orange. Alfred C. Swenson, 77 Lawton St.

     245—Corbin	City. Lee Roberts.

     260—Camden. Benj. P.Thomas, 2791 ConstitutionRd.

     269—South	Orange. Eugene Connett, 170 Turrel Ave.

    275—Camden.	Captain Herbert George Sparrow,
    Ship No. 1269 Naval Post, Veterans of Foreign Wars,
    Armory of Second Battalion, Naval Militia of New
    Jersey, Temple Theater Building, 415 Market St.

New York—23—Jamestown. W. E. Jones, 906 Jefferson St.
     34—New York City. St. Mary’s Men’s Club, 142
     Alexander Ave., Bronx, N. Y. C.

     147—Youngsville.	Harry Malowitz, Youngsville House.

     165—Saratoga.	Wm. Marshall, Office No. 9, Chamber
     of Commerce Arcade.

     177—Brooklyn. George Iverson, 306 Macon St.

     185—Brooklyn. J. M. Canavan, 69 Bond St.

     193—Niagara	Falls. Roy Tompkins, 1155 Garret Ave.

    194—Hadley.	Mrs Chas. H. Black.

     205—Newburgh. Jacques Teller, 5 Golden St.

     215—Yonkers.	George’s Sport Shop, 45 Main St.

     226—Red Hook. P. W. E. Hart, The Silver Birch Shop,

     Albany Post Road, Dutchess Co.

    230—New	York City. Fred G. Taylor, 424 Broad-
    way, Dobbs Ferry.

     233—Albany. R. N. Bradley, 84 Livingston Ave.

    239—Valley Stream, Long Island. Arthur Borch-
    mann, Centarlane.

    298—Walton. S. K. Sherman.

North Carolina—92—Biltmore. C. Marshall Gravatt,
    Felstone Co

     133—Pine Bluff. N. Steve Hutchings.

     159—Waynesville. Harry M. Hall, 720 Walnut St.

    255—Tryon.	Howard Shannon.
184

Adventure

North Dakota—206—Fairmount. Frank Kitchener. Rich-
    land Hotel.

Ohio—52—Ulrichsville. Anthony Sciarra, 320 W. Fourth

      St.

    58—Cleveland. J. F. Thompson, Community Pharm-
    acy, 95°S Denison Ave.

     63—Ulrichsville. Chas. F. Burroway, 312 Water St.

     75—Columbus.	Chas. W. Jenkins. 54 S. Burgess Ave.
     113—Buena Vista. Geo. T. Watters.

    166—Toledo. Frank P. Carey, 3267 Maplewood Avs„
    or wherever his Ford happens to be.

     207—Columbus. Tod S. Raper, 77 Taylor Ave.

     241—Cincinnati.	D. W. Davidson, 1414 Vine St.

    242—Beliefontaine.	Harry E. Edselle, 328 Pium-
    valley St.

     263—Toledo.	F. P. Carey, Box 143, Station A.

     264—Toledo.	S. G. La Plante, 1820 Dunham St.

    291—Ravenna.	McGraw and Eckler.

     292—Oberlin.	E. A. Sherrill, Sherrill Acres, Chicago-
     Buff alo Highway, State Route No. 2.

Oklahoma—57—Haskell. Roy Holt.

     225—Shawnee. A. M. Postlethwaite, 521 N. Beard St.

    234—Blackwell. H. W. Willis, 204N. Main St.
Oregon—4—Salem. D. Wiggins.

    286—Portland. W. C. Chapman, 24 Union Ave.
Pennsylvania—20—Philadelphia. Wm. A. Fulmer, 267 S.
Ninth St.

     21—Braddock. Clarence Jenkins, Union News Co.
     24—Philadelphia. Alfred A. Krombach, 4159 N.
     Eighth Street, and Spring Mills Station, P. & R. Ry,
     Co., Montgomery County.

     78—Pittsburgh. Peter C. Szarmach, 3030 Brereton St-

    100—Philadelphia. Veterans of Foreign Wars, 926
    N. 41st St.

    182—Greensburg.	Don Frederick Wermuth.

     224—Oil City. J. M. Blair, 608 W. Front St.

     247—Pittsburgh.	J. F. Lichtenhaer, 224 Swope St.

     248—Philadelpliia.	Carl D. Charles, 214 East St.
     Wissahickon.

     261—Shippensberg. The Chronicle, 12 South Earl St.
South Dakota—179—Fairburn. Jesse K. Fell, Custer
County Press.

     270—Centerville.	C. H. Hornbeck, The Centerville
     Journal.

South Carolina—97—Charleston. J. W. Mette, Navy
    Yard.

     217—Charleston.	J. H. Keener, 346 King St.

     293—Florence.	S. B. Stacey.

Tennessee—195—Knoxville. C. G. Pruden, 2024 Rose Ave.
Texas—33—Houston. J. M. Shamblin, 4805 Oakland St.

     123—San Juan. D. L. Carter, Box 436.

     134—Breckenridge. Joe Randel, 226 Baylor Avenue.

     148—Port Arthur. Ralph C. Cornwell, 215 Eighth St.
     174—San Angelo. E. M. Weeks, 24 West Eighth St.

     183—South	San Antonio. J. F. Nicodemus, Box ill.
     So. San Antonio Transfer.

    218—Fort	Worth. Robert Lentz, R No. 6 Box 73.

     271—Harlingon.	H. C. Jennings, Box 324,

    280—Reese.	L. H. Baker.

    294—Coleman.	Clyde Ransberger.

    300—Pecos. Oram Green, Third and Cedar Sts.

Utah—157—Salt Lake City. Ned Howard, 127 N. St.
Virginia—108—Cape Charles. Lynn Stevenson, P. O.
Box 26.

     219—Richmond.	Wm. Meek, 104 S. 1st St.
Washington—1—lone. Evan Morgan, Albert's Billiard

      Hall. _

     61—Burlington. Judge B. N. Albertson. Fairhaven Ave.

    83—Seattle. Chas. D. Raymer, Raymer’s Old Book-
    Store, 1330 First Ave.

    154—Mt.	Vernon. Miss Beatrice Bell, Western
    Washington Auto Club.

    155—Olympia.	B. F. Hume, Commercial Club Rooms.
    172—Sunnyside. Mark Austin.

     196—Arlington. F. T. Hcrzinger.

     220—Sultan.	George W. Snyder, Main St., opp. P. O.

    281—Warm	Beach. Paul E. Vollum and Kirkham
    Evans, Evans Bldg.

West Virginia—48—Huntington. John Geiske, 1682 Sixth
     St.

     299—Fairmount. Dr. J. W. Ballard, 314 Main St.
Wisconsin—41—Madison. Frank Weston, 401 Gay Bldg.
Alaska—295—Ketchikan. Thwaites Photo Shop, Ingersoll
Hotel Bldg., Front St.

Australia—39—Melbourne. William H. Turner, “Woi-
    woling" Keen St. Northcote; and Carters’ and
    Drivers’ Union, 46 William St.

    76—Victoria.	Chas. M. Healy, 30, The Avenue,
    Windsor Post, Dist. No. 8.

     130—Brisbane. H. V. Shead, Sutton St., Kangaroo Pt.
     235—Sydney. Phillip Norman, 842 Military Road,
     Nosman, Newtown.

     278—Belgrave, Victoria. Raymond Paule, Cam Brea,
     Old Monbulk Road.

     282—Melbourne. Thomas L. Winter, 81 William St.
     North Brighton.

Belgium—131—Antwerp. Reuben S. James, Place de
    l’Entrepot 3.

British Columbia—231—Stewart. Jack O’Shea, Ryan
    Bldg.

     236—Vancouver. A. Johnson, 552-3 Hastings St.
Canada—31—Howe Sound, B. C. C. Plowden, Plowden
Bay.

     84—White	Rock, B. C. Charles L. Thompson.

     22—Burlington, Ontario. T. M. Waumsly, Jocelyn
     Bookstore.

     4—Dunedin, P. E. Island. J. N. Berrigan.

     29—Deseronto.	Ontario. Harry M. Moore, The Post
     Weekly.

    45—Norwood, Manitoba. Albert Whyte, 84 La
    Riviere St.

     30—Winnipeg,	Man. Walter Peterson, The Carleton
     Hotel, 216 Notre Dame Avenue.

     62—Woodstock, Ontario. George L. Catton, 94 Met-
     calfe St.

     85—Oshawa,	Ontario. J. Worral, King St. E.

     102—Amherst, Nova Scotia. Lloyd E. MacPherson,
     5 Belmont St.

     124—Hartshorn, Alberta. Leonard Brown, 33-34-17
     W4M.

    178—Moncton, N. B. Chas. H. McCall, 178 St.

     George St.

     221—Montreal East. M, M. Campbell, 95 Broadway.

     249—Fallowfield,	Ontario. Ernest Armstrong.

     250—Sault	Ste. Marie. James McDonald, 504 Queen
     St. E.

    276—Toronto,	Ontario. N. Mackintosh, 82 East
    Richmond St.

     277—Barrie,	Ontario. R. F. Smith.

Canal Zone—37—Cristobal. F. E. Stevens.

     156—Ancon. Arthur Haughton, Box 418.

China—222—Tientsin. Dr. George W. Twomey, 43 Rue
    de Amiraute.

Cuba—15—Havana. Ricardo N. Farres, Dominquez, 7

      Cerro.

England—296—Longton. Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
     William Berry, 19 Weston Place, off Heathcote
     Road.

Egypt—173—Khartoum, Sudany. W. T. Moffat. Sudan
    Customs.

Germany—283—Dusseldorf. Hans Derrick Hulsmann,
    care R. A. Visser & Co.

Hawaiian Islands—170—Leilehua, Oahu. Chateau Shanty.

     272—Honolulu, Hawaii. Hubert T. Miller, Room 4,
     Silent Hotel.

Honduras, C. A*—32—Galeras, Olancho. Dr. Wm. C.
    Robertson.

     70—La Ceiba. Jos Buckly Taylor.

India—197—Calcutta. W. Leishman, 46 Wellesley St.
Mexico—68—Guadalajara, Jal. W. C. Money, Hotel
Fenix, Calle Lopez, Cotilla Nos. 269 a 281.

Navy—71—U. S. Arizona. Elmer E. McLean.
Newfoundland—132—St. John’s. P. C. Mars, Small-
wood Bldg.

Nova Scotia—297—Dartmouth. W. E. Sievert, Portland

Porto Rico—46—Ensenada. M. B. Couch, P. O. Box 5.
Philippine Islands—198—Manila. W. W. Weston, De
La Rama Bldg.

  SERVICES TO OUR READERS

    Lost Trails, for finding missing
relatives and friends, runs in alter-
nate issues from “Old Songs That
Men Have Sung.”

   Old Songs That Men Have
Sung, a section of “Ask Adventure,”
runs in alternate issues from “Lost Trails.”

    Camp-Fire Stations: explanation in the second
and third issues of each month. Full list in second
issue of each month.

    Various Practical Services to Any Reader:

Free Identification Card in eleven languages
(metal, 25 cents); Mail Address and Forwarding
Service; Back Issues Exchanged; Camp-Fire
Buttons, etc., runs in the last issue of each month.
   AX	A Free Question and Answer Service Bureau of Infor-

   /jny ^ mation on Outdoor Life and Activities Everywhere and
  AdVteTrtTsr Upon the Various Commodities Required Therein. Con-
  /Y	ducted for Adventure Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

QUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the
expert in charge of the section in whose field it falls. So
that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you
by mail direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question and
answer, and from these we shall select those of most general interest
and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself
an exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information.
Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name and town are printed with
question; street numbers not given.

    When you ask for general information on a given district or subject
the expert may give you some valuable general pointers and refer you
to books or to local or special sources of information.

    Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters per-
taining to their sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the
magazine assumes any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible. These
experts have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an eye to their integrity
and reliability. We have emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not to be
affected in any way by whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not
   attached, are enclosed. Correspondents writing to or from foreign countries will
   please enclose International Reply Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and
   exchangeable for stamps of any country in the International Postal Union. Be sure
   that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the left-hand circle.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances
   to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure" covers business and work opportunities, but
   only if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It
   is in no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose section it seems to belong.

  Please Note: To avoid using so much needed
  space each issue for standing matter and to gain
  more space for the actual meat of “Ask Ad-
  venture” the full statement of its various sec-
  tions and of “Lost Trails” will be given only in
  alternate Issues. In other issues only the bare
  names of the sections will be given, inquirers to
  get exact fields covered and names and addresses
  from full statement in alternate issues. Do not
  write to the magazine, but to the editors of the
  sections at their home addresses.

  1—3.	The Sea. In Three Parts

  4—6.	Islands and Coasts. In Three Parts

  7, 8.	New Zealand and the South Sea Islands.
          Two Parts

  9.	Australia and Tasmania

  10.	Malaysia, Sumatra and Java

  11.	New Guinea

   12, 13.	Philippine and Hawaiian Islands

13—18.	Asia. In Five Parts

19—26.	Africa. In Eight Parts

in

  27, 28.
  29—34.
  35—37.

38.

39—41.

42—50.

       51.

       52.
  53—58.
  59—63.
  61—73.

     A.

      B.

     C.

 D 1-3.
 E.
 F, G.
 H—J.
 K.

  L.
  M.
  N.
  O, P.

 18 =

Turkey and Asia Minor
Europe. In Six Parts
South America. In Three Parts
Central America.

Mexico. In Three Parts
Canada. In Nine Parts
Alaska

Baffinland and Greenland
Western U. S. In Six Parts
Middle Western U. S. In Five Parts
Eastern U. S. In Ten Parts
Radio

Mining and Prospecting
Old Songs That Men Have Sung
Weapons, Past and Present. In Three Parts
Salt and Fresh Water Fishing'

Forestry in the U. S. and Tropical Forestry
Aviation, Army and Navy Matters
American Anthropology North of Panama
Canal
First Aid on the Trail
Health-Building Outdoors
Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and Canada
Herpetology and Entomology
Standing Information
Adventure

   Gold Mining in New York State

THERE seems to be a chance that
it might pay if conducted on a large
enough scale:

  Request:—“In a more or less sparsely settled sec-
tion in this State (New York), not over fifty miles
from this city, a German fellow bought a large farm
for little more than a song about three years ago.
He was rumored to be an experienced miner of the
olden days in the West. He immediately started
to wash gravel and the rumor traveled around the
countryside that he was mining gold. However, as
no gold had ever been mined in the State of New
York every one began ridiculing him. This made
him angry and he built a fence around his place and
would allow no one on the place.

  Now I have a cousin who lives about five miles
from this German’s farm and this German seemed
to take a liking to the fellow. He told him in sub-
stanee that he was making money mining gold and
told him to look around his own farm and see what
he could find. About that time I happened to go up
to my cousin’s place and he obtained permission for
me to go and see the German’s operations. He
seemed a likable fellow and would volunteer quite a
bit of information but if questioned would not give
an answer. I know nothing about mining so will
describe his equipment to you. He had a trough
about twenty feet long and all over the bottom he
had copper plates about two feet wide—the width of
the trough—and three feet long and they were laid
so they overlapped. At the upper end of the trough
he had a box of dirt with a stream of water about an
inch in diameter running in and down over the
plates. He would coat the plates with mercury
and stir the dirt up and in about ten minutes they
would be golden yellow. Then he would scrape
them off with a rubber scraper and put more mer-
cury on and etc.

  He told us that my cousin’s place had the ‘same
kind of dirt’ and advised us to not let people discour-
age us by telling us there was no gold in New York
State but to look the place over. I looked at some
of the dirt that the German was washing and it was
just loam soil, but if held in bright sunlight very
tiny golden-colored specks could be seen. He was
not taking the dirt out of the ground but just off
the top and had not gone more than four or five
feet below the surface.

  We went back to my cousin’s place and started to
dig on the gravelly side hill. This dirt also seemed
to have tiny sparkling specks in and looked the
same as the German’s. When we got down about
four feet there seemed to be a line of coarser gravel
about six inches wide and this ran through the soil
always about the same distance below the surface.
We could find pockets in this gravel where the yel-
low specks could be seen very plainly. I took a
sample of this gravel or loam from near the surface,
a sample from one of the pockets and then we found
a number of large boulders around the field and I
chipped a piece from different ones that seemed to
have yellow particles in them and sent the three
samples in to the Government Assay Office at Salt
Lake City and received the following value of gold
to the ton of dirt:

    Dirt from near the surface SI.20 per ton
    Dirt from pocket in gravel .12.60 per ton
    Samples of rock	$4.00 per ton

  Are these values rich enough to be worked at a
profit? If so what would it cost to equip an outfit
to extract the gold from the dirt and also from the
rock? If it would cost a large sum to equip, but
same could be made to pay when properly equipped
what would be the best way to interest the right
kind of capital in same?

  I was unable to find the ledge from which the
boulders came from which I chipped the samples.
As these samples I have mentioned were on top or
near the top of the ground would it be likely to be
richer down deeper? I washed some dirt myself
by cleaning a copper plate with acid and coating
with mercury. My plates colored all right but after
I scraped the mercury and gold off had no way of
separating them. How is this done? After this
mercury and gold I had scraped off the plates had
been carried around in a bottle for a few days it
seemed to turn a more greenish color. What was
the cause of that?

  As we do not know a single thing about mining, any
information you might be able to give us would be
very much appreciated. I can get hold of about
a hundred acres of land adjoining my cousin’s
place quite cheap and would like to find out if it
would be advisable to purchase or not.”—Carmon
Miller, Schenectady, N. Y.

  Reply, by Mr. Victor Shaw:—It is not unlikely
that there is gold in New York State, although you
don’t say just where this is, except that it is around
fifty miles from Schenectady. The great “Lauren-
tian Plateau,” the rock of which is pre-Cambrian
in point of geological time, and which practically
covers Canada, has a long tongue which extends
down into New York State. It is in these pre-
Cambrian rocks that most of the rich mines in Que-
bec, Ontario, and other provinces have been dis-
covered, including Cobalt and Porcupine, and the
new strikes made recently in the Abitibi district.
The place you mention may perhaps be included
in this area, so if the metal found should be gold,
this gives a reason why.

  Next; you either should be very certain before
you put any cash into this thing, either for pur-
chases or for development, that these “tiny golden-
colored specks” are in reality the gold they seem to
be. There is, in Canada, an amber mica called
“phlogopite,” which in very minute particles re-
sembles gold. Is it not a possibility that what
you see in that top soil might be phlogopite, and
not gold. This might be retained by mercury
plates, in sufficient amounts to color it yellow, and
so fool the “old mining man.”

  I should say, however, judging from your sample
tests that there was gold in the dirt that would re-
pay development, not by hand methods, but by
hydraulicking, or working a dredge over large areas.
Gold averaging forty to fifty cents a cubic yard may.
be handled thus at a profit.

  Another point; your yellow specks might be a
pyrite containing gold, and so you’d get a result in
gold from a test. Pyrites often serve as a carrier for
the gold. In fact, judging from your assay return,
I should say this seems the most probable: espe-
cially since the assay of the rock sample shows
higher in value. Perhaps the rock distintegrates and
permeates the soil with these gold-bearing pyrites.

  To work ground showing only what your assays
show in value, you would need to reduce great
quantities, as by dredging or hydraulical methods.
Ask Adventure

187

Your profit, or otherwise, depends solely upon the
relative costs of operation; it may be your turns
might show a profit in some localities and not in
others, depending upon production-cost. You can
not expect any one to commit himself as to this,
unless he could see the ground and size up installa-
tion and operating costs. I should not like to say
that a small sluice, using amalgamation plates, such
as you say your German acquaintance is using,
would show a reasonable profit, though he may not
care how much his labor item stands him in. Get
me?

  Small sluicing operations on Seward Peninsula,
Alaska, average 73c. per cubic yard of dirt. Dredges
are working on ground averaging 51c. per cubic yard.

  Your “boulders” may be ice-carried “erratics,”
brought from great distances.

  Gold is retained by an amalgamation plate (be-
cause mercury has a chemical affinity for gold)
until it resembles soft putty. When scraped off
in this shape, a quantity is placed in a cast-iron re-
tort and subjected to a cherry-red heat. The mer-
cury vaporizes and is taken off and condensed,
through a tube, and is used again, with some slight
loss. It “is all vaporized, leaving a button of gold
called a retort.” This may be sold to any dealer,
U. S. Assay Office, bank, or jeweler, by Troy
weight at a price depending upon its fineness. It is
then refined and the pure gold separated from what-
ever silver, copper and other dirt it may contain.
These retorts are sold in small sizes and you could
get one and experiment, figuring up your relative
costs. If your plates turned greenish after standing,
I should think it probable that you have gold-bear-
ing pyrites, either iron or copper.

   Names and addresses of department
 editors and the exact field covered by
 each section are given in the next
 issue of the magazine. Do not write
 to the magazine itself.

   Homesteading in New Brunswick

IDEAL land for the man wanting to
live in the open:

  Request:—“I am farm raised (Mich.), married,
twenty years of age. We are interested in home-
steading in a timbered country, with a cool climate.
We want to get away from autos, electric lights and
walnut furniture and want fresh air and a bit of the
world to ourselves instead.

  We hope to make our start in the spring of 1920,
we shall have between $1,000 and $2,000.

'"’Do you consider this sufficient capital, providing
we go slow? We are both used to work and expect
plenty of it.

  Is this country rolling or level, heavily timbered
or otherwise; principal woods?

  Is the climate much different from central Michi-
gan? Principal crops and fruits? Would sheep be
well adapted to climate? Is country watered by
streams, lakes or both? Game and fish? Could one
pick up a few dollars to help out trapping? Are
game laws strict, or are they about the same as
ours (Mich.)? What are New Brunswick’s laws
concerning homesteads and homesteaders, regula-

tions and duties on goods brought in from the U. S.?
Or to whom should I write for this information?

  Where can I obtain a map of this region?

  What would be the best route to New Brunswick
from Detroit?

  I would appreciate any suggestions or further
information you might give.

  I realize I am asking a great deal of time and
trouble, however I am seriously interested and not
inquiring from idle curiousity.

  If by any chance this should be published please
omit name. Please acccpt my sincere thanks for
your time and attention.”-----.

  Reply, by Major Belford:—I sympathize with
your desire to get out in the open.

  I note the amount of capital you will have and
I am keeping it in mind in this letter. You can
certainly make a fair start on $2,000.

  The New Brunswick country is a rolling country.
The wild lands are timbered with beech, maple, oak,
elm, pine and spruce. The climate will be much
the same as Central Michigan; the crops also would
be the same as in that state. New Brunswick is an
especially good potato country; sheep would do well.

  The country is exceedingly well watered having
many noble rivers fed by good streams. It is one
of the game and fish paradises of the world. Trap-
ping would be a useful help and you could pick up
a good many dollars by that means.

  Write to the Department of Mines, Fredericton,
New Brunswick, for copies of the game laws, maps,
regulations as to free grants and general information
about the Province.

  From Detroit to New Brunswick you would take
the Canadian Northern Railway or the Canadian
Pacific Railway.

  I hope you will find this of some little help and
if there is any further information please write me
again.

  Free service, but don’t ask us to pay the
postage to get it to you.

      The World’s Largest Island

      WHERE vast areas still remain unes-
Vjv plored:

  Request:—“Please send me general information
about New Guinea: Hunting, people, customs, his-
tory, etc. Thank you in advance.”—Erwin B.
Carter, Clintonville, Wis.

  Reply, by Mr. Armit:—You ask for “general in-
formation of New Guinea,” which is rather a tall
order! Don’t you think so? But I will try and cram
into the short space of this epistle all I can about
your various questions; a short history of the great
island would be hard to get into the space of one is-
sue of our magazine. And the same remark ap-
plies to yonr other queries. However, here is
something that may interest you.

  Hunting. New Guinea is not much of a place for
hunting as it is not well endowed with game like its
sisters on the western s'de of Wallace’s Line—the
imaginary line laid down by the celebrated Alfred
Russel Wallace, the equal of that master of science,
Charles Darwin. Wallace found that the fauna of
Asia extended only as far east as Borneo and some
other islands in the Malay Archipelago. East of
Adventure

those islands the fauna'of Australaisa has its stamp-
ing ground, and the largest game in this region is the
kangaroo and other marsupials. New Guinea has
the wallaby, a cousin of the kangaroo, many minor
species of the same family, and the hog. There is
nothing larger in the immense jungles that clothe
the huge island other than the cassowary, which is a
bird not unlike the emu of Australia. New Guinea
has no dangerous animals, no monkeys; but she is
well supplied with crocodiles—huge man-eaters that
take toll of flesh from the savages that have their
homes in the deltas of the numerous rivers. Crocodile
shooting is fair sport, but the swamps are not ex-
actly the sort of spots one goes to seek amusement
in. Mosquitoes plus malaria make them worth
keeping away from. Jungle hog provides good sport
when the hunter takes a couple of good dogs with
him to beat up the quarry. And the hog gives one a
run for his money before he takes the count. A pig
all his life yet he dies like a gentleman—fighting.

  People. The island is populated by Melanesians.
If you care to learn more about this branch of the
human race, read “The Melanesians of British New
Guinea,” by Dr. C. G. Seligman, a text book pub-
lished in London, England, and obtainable in most
public libraries. The customs of these folk are de-
tailed at length in this work. You will certainly
learn some curious customs if you dip into this book.

  History. New Guinea was first reported by two
Portuguese mariners, Antonio Abreu and Francisco
Serram, in 1511. Don Jorge de Meneses, the Portu-
guese governor of the island of Ternate, is said to
have landed on the shores of the Mystery Island in
1526. Alvaro de Saavedra, a Spaniard, who was a
kinsman of Cortes, the “burglar” of Mexico, coasted
the island in 1528 and 1529, trying to get back home
to Spain. He was of an inquisitive nature and is
credited with the discovery of gold on the northern
toast, which made him label the island “Isla del
Oro” or Island of Gold.

  Various world wanderers floated around the
island in the centuries that followed the visits of the
Portuguese and Spaniards. The chart shows their
names attached to islands, capes, rivers, and bays,
but little interest was taken in the island until the
Great Powers had almost finished the partition of
the older sections of the world. Then the eyes of
three nations turned to New Guinea—England,
Germany, and Holland. They came to an agree-
ment and split the huge island almost equally be-
tween them in 1884. And so the white man came to
push his way into the country. Then came the
Great Disturbance of 1914—and Germany lost her
section to the Australian Naval and Military Expe-
ditionary Force on the surrender of Governor Haber
to General Holmes in September, 1914. Thus Aus-
tralia now has two separate colonies in New Guinea,
the Territory of Papua, which she owns, and the Ter-
ritory of New Guinea, which comprises the former
German section, and which she administers by
Mandate from the League of Nations. The Dutch
still hold their section, the western, of the enormous
island.

  Miscellaneous. New Guinea leads the world in
the number of her feathered denizens. And she has
the honor of being the haunt of the birds of paradise
—the most gorgeously plumed birds that command
so much attention from females the wide world over.
There are roughly some fifty-six species of the Para-
disea, all magnificently plumed. If you visit the
principal museums of New York or Chicago you will

feast’your eyes on some splendid specimens of these
wonderful birds.

  New Guinea is a vast island—the largest in the
world—and is 1,490 miles long with a greatest width
of 410 miles, and covers 312,329 square miles of
surface. It is located to the north of Australia and is
shaped not unlike a Chinese dragon. It is a vol-
canic country and possesses several active volca-
noes. And it also owns some very fine glaciers! The
latter are located in the vicinity of Mount Caerstenz
in the Snow Mountains of the Dutch colony.

  Hope the foregoing will interest you.

 Address your question direct to the
expert in charge, NOT to the magazine.

Radio Sets

‘DISTANCE,” and how to get it:

  Request:—“Can a single stage of radio frequency
amplification be added to wiring diagram attached?
If this can be done without doing away with the
principle of tuning, will you please add same for me?
Also please say what kind of a transformer you
would advise using.

  If you see anything you think would help out on
the wiring diagram, say so. Always open for sug-
gestions of any kind. Biggest fault at present is
that it howls too much, and when you pick up your
station and reduce a battery current, station will
jump off.

  This set did not howl when first made, stations
came in like a ton of brick, but of late has howled.
Any suggestions will be appreciated. Envelope and
postage enclosed. If this goes to Adventure please
use initials.”—C. A. R., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Reply, by Mr. McNicol:—The circuit you have
does not lend itself readily to adding radio fre-
quency. Why not add two stages of audio fre-«
quency to what you have? This would give you
loud speaker volume, and with a 150-foot antenna
you should be able to reach out 600 or 700 miles
with it under average conditions.

  If you add A. F. use Amertran No. 6 and Amer-
tran No. 7, transformers: No. 6 first stage and No. 7
second stage. Best tubes would be 201A in each
of the A. F. stages.

  The howling you get now that did not originally
appear is likely due to the increase in the number of
broadcasting stations. Multiplicity of carrier
waves are causing just this trouble very widely.
Ask Adventure

189

Where the Old West Lingers

COWTOWNS where lead poisoning
is not unknown today:

  Request:—“I am a regular reader of Adventure:
thus my knowledge of your name and address; and
of all the stories I enjoy, I like those which feature
Hashknife Hartley and Sleepy Stevens. I don’t like
to read about the west of the old days, it’s gone and
the modern west is taking its place.

  Now can you give me some information? I know
they have all the modern vehicles of transportation
and all the other new improvements, but:

  Are there any unfenced ranges where they have
their yearly roundups?

  Are there any cowtowns like Adventure mentions?
Do the cowboys still wear the specified guns as in
the old days?

Do they still come to town like the stories tell us?

  And last of all, can you tell me where there are
some good ranches that I could write to for some
pictures?

  This is a long letter for you to answer but these
things have always bothered me because I feel that
in a few years the ranches will be gone and the help,
in white collars and ties, will be riding in machines,
and we will no longer get a thrill reading about the
ranges of the old days.”—Harold Ford, Phila-
delphia, Pa.

  Reply, by Mr. Harriman:—Do not be too sure
about the old west being gone. I can show you
scads of ranches where they still run things exactly
as they did fifty years ago, only the old man is apt
to go to town in a 60 H.P. auto, rather than on a
cayuse.

  In 1920 I helped rope and brand cattle on such
a ranch. That same year I talked with a bunch of
waddies who had gathered for the fall roundup in
northern Arizona and were cursing their luck be-
cause a foot of snow had fallen. Why, boy, what
do you know about the west anyhow?

  I know a cowboy who left Shell, Wyoming, and
rode for eight days. He only saw six men in the
whole trip, outside of a few in two tiny hamlets and
four or five in three ranch houses.

  I have ridden a horse all day in Utah and did not
encounter a fence of any kind. There were 30,000
sheep on the plain I crossed and 65,000 cattle in the
mountains where I slept that night. Everything
was precisely as it had been forty or fifty years ago.

  Yes, there are unfenced ranges galore, where they
have roundups.

  Yes, there are cowtowns where a man can get
lead poisoning if he acts ugly or mean. I went to
one in 1920. Six men shot the first day of the rodeo
there. Is that woolly enough for you?

~-In Arizona a man is supposed to get rid of his
gun within twenty minutes of getting into a town—-
State law. In New Mexico they wear them any
old place they go. In Wyoming it is half and half.

* Cowboys will always go to town when they get
a chance, but shooting up towns has become un-
popular and so many townmen own pump shotguns
and keep buckshot shells, that it is risky. Anyhow,
the percentage of fools among cowmen is never half
as great as some writers try to get you to believe.
I never even had one talk ugly to me. Fine fellows.

  What kind of pictures do you want to get? Those
that show the roping, branding, etc.? Not one

ranch in a hundred would have any such and not
for sale purposes at any rate. The place to get these
is in some town in the cattle country and I don’t
know the firm names.

  Don’t you believe the ranches will all be gone.
There will be lots of them in 2924.

  Lots of land only lit for ranches and folks will
eat beef.

 Hints for Big Game Hunters

COMPARATIVE merits of double-
barreled and magazine rifles for tiger-

shooting:

  Request:—“I am contemplating a trip to India in
the near future. Please answer the following ques-
tions, and send me bill if there is a charge for this
service.

  Recently I handled a double-barreled rifle and fell
very much in love with this type. Are they accu-
rate? How do they compare with the Springfield?
What do they weigh? I have been informed by a
firearms “expert” that they do not compare with a
magazine rifle in efficiency? Is this so? I want one
for tiger—I mean a double. What caliber would
you suggest?

  What pistol would you take? What shotgun?
What size shot?

  Any information you could give me on the above
will be greatly appreciated.—F. W. Koles, Biloxi,
Miss.

  Reply, by Capt. Giddings:—I can quite under-
stand your falling in love with the double-barreled
rifle. Made by one of England’s best gunmakers,
it is a really magnificent weapon and one in which
the sportsman finds a never-ending delight.

  I know positively from personal experimentation
that the best double-barreled rifle is not so accurate
as the Springfield or certain match rifles manu-
factured in this country. On the other hand the
double-barrel as made by an expert gunmaker will
shoot as accurately as you can hold from the various
positions one assumes in firing during a hunting
trip. As regards accuracy, you, I assert, will never
know the difference between a well-made “double”
and the Springfield in hunting at ranges under three
hundred yards, provided both guns are of the same
caliber. You could not, of course, compare a double
.450 with the .30 Springfield for trajectory; the
former bullet has many times the drop or trajectory
of the flat-shooting Springfield at 300 yards.

  For tiger I would recommend a double-barreled
rifle made by Holland & Holland, Purdy, Rigby,
Lang, or any other of the top-notch English gun-
makers, in caliber ranging from .375 Magnum (300
grain bullet) to the .470. It has been my experience
that the “two shots quick” gun is superior to the
magazine rifle in hunting all kinds of dangerous
game. Aside from the frequent mal-functions of
magazine arms in large calibers, I dislike the noisy
“clank clank” of the bolt or lever in functioning, and
the relatively slow speed of the following, or second
shot.

  Tigers and lions charge with amazing rapidity.
Unless one is entirely without nerves and a wizard
with a magazine rifle, two shots are all that can be
effectively gotten in. And in delivering these two
shots rapidly and efficiently no other arm can com-
pare with the two-barreled rifle, in my opinion.

  The double or medium and large caliber will
190

Adventure

weigh from eight and one-half pounds to twelve
pounds, sometimes more. I shot a double-barrel
chambered for the well-known Rigby .350 which
weighed eight and three-fourths pounds but which
was so beautifully balanced that it actually felt light-
er than my 7 mm. Mauser. Nevertheless, it is my
opinion that the double rifle of .300 to .400 caliber
can be built much lighter—and still be quite safe—
than the English gunmakers are building them at
present. The recoil might be somewhat increased,
it is true, but in hot countries I should prefer re-
coil to weight.

  The right barrel is the master barrel and even
from a machine rest the left barrel shoots some-
what off, no matter how expert the maker, the
amount varying with the range, intensity of car-
tridge, design of bullet, etc. At ordinary shooting
ranges for which the particular cartridge is designed
this off-shooting by the left barrel will be of no con-
sequence in the field.

  I am partial to the 9 mm. Luger as a sidearm when
hunting dangerous game on account of its greater
penetration. Not that I consider any type of pistol
will take the place of the rifle, but one occasionally
has use for the sidearm in a pinch. Several Ameri-
cans who hunt much in Africa have discarded the .45
Auto Colt for the Luger, having found that the
.45 lacks penetration

  For a shotgun I would recommend a high grade
L. C. Smith or Fox, two shotguns with which I am
familiar. They should have either 28- or 30-inch
barrels—the latter pair points better; with two and
three-fourths-inch chambers, both full choke, and
20 gage. I like the Western Super X two and three-
fourths-inch shell, shooting an ounce of shot for large
fowl. In shot, fives should do for peafowl and sixes
for jungle cock. Take along a supply of shells
loaded with the solid 20-gage ball, in case of the
unexpected tiger. A friend in India reports having
made a splendid load by first waxing a lethal ball
and inserting it in the ordinary Super X case, after
having taken out the shot. These lethal balls are
made with flanges of soft metal on the surface of the
ball which allows them to be shot out of a full-choked
gun. Any English dealer can supply you with these
balls. Just ask for “Lethal 20-gage balls.”

  I have gotten to the point where I offer you the
above with the utmost diffidence, though it comes as
the result of personal experience and observation.
I have had my arguments, my experience and
that of my friends and comrades, set at naught
by certain ballistic and firearm experts, who showed
me on paper just how foolish my arguments and
claims for the double-barrel, the Luger and certain
cartridges were. The fact that these guns have been
in the hands of thousands of sportsmen for many
years and performed satisfactorily seems to be of no
significance. I.ast winter in Chicago I heard the
double-barreled rifle denounced as being a relic of a
bygone age—something left behind, far behind, in
the march of progress. Not being a ballistic engi-
neer nor an expert on firearms I did not go beyond
venturing the remark that this type of weapon had
served me pretty well during a somewhat hectic
decade.

  I think we of Ask Adventure service try to give
you largely the results of our actual experiences in
the countries we handle, whether it applies to guns
or employment or whatever the desideratum. We
have no ax to grind—no particular brand of fire-
arms, shells or equipment to foist upon you.

  There is no charge for this service. It is a plea-
sure to answer questions set out so clearly as yours.

 When you get something for nothing,
don’t make the other fellow pay the post-
age on it.

The Belgian Congo

ANYTHING but a health resort:

  Request:—“I have an opportunity offered me by
a firm to go down to the Belgian Congo (West
Africa), alternating between the towns of Matadi
and Kinshassa on the Congo River, with most of
my time spent at Matadi for a period of two years
or more if desired.

  Any information you could give me, especially
as regards outfitting, climate as it affects whites,
and living conditions, would be greatly appreci-
ated.”---.

  Reply, by Mr. Simpson:—The Belgian Congo is a
bit out of my territory, which extends only as far as
Calabar, but I can at least tell you this much; that
a two-year stretch on the West Coast of Africa is too
long. I would not advise any man to try to do more
than a year at a time, with at least four months rest
at home between trips.

  I should imagine the firm that sends you out
would give you all the information you desire about
an outfit that would be in keeping with the kind
of job you are going to hold down.

  The weather in West Africa is of two kinds. It
rains a lot between March and October or thereby,
and it doesn’t rain at all the rest of the time. But
it’s always hot. The climate, as may be gathered
from the first paragraph of this letter, is very bad.
And there’s no use wrapping up that fact in any
kind of silver paper to make it look better than it is.
White men can stand it—a little at a time—and
even that is sometimes too much. This is not in-
tended to discourage but to caution. No man can
fool with West Africa—any part of it—and not pay
for the privilege.

  Living conditions vary in different localities. But
I assume you will “live in” at the firm’s headquarters
and this, as a general thing, is comfortable enough.
Discomfort begins when you have to do a lot of
trudging and camping out in the bush. Just by
way of a few general hints:

  Select your sun-helmet very carefully; as big and
as light a helmet as you can get.

  See that your rain coat is a really good one. Rain
boots, too.

  Don’t stint on the uniform cases you buy. Get
them strong, air-tight and white-ant-proof.

  Don’t take anything of leather except shoes and a „
belt. Leather is not much good for anything in the
tropics.

  Don’t take anything you really value with you.
The natives will steal it sooner or later.

  Be careful to avoid night chills.

  In spite of all other advice to the contrary, leave
liquor severely alone. Concentrate on quinine.

  Don’t rush. Don’t get excited. A quiet mind and
an even, steady pace in all things is perhaps the best
advice I can give any man who hopes to beat the
game on the West Coast of Africa.

  Good luck to you!
Old Songs That Men Have Sung

   Devoted to outdoor songs, preferably hitherto unprinted—song* of the sea, the lumber-camps.
Great Lakes, the West, old canal days, the negro, mountains, the pioneers, etc. Send in what you have
or find, so that all may share in them.

   Although conducted primarily for the collection and preservation of old songs, the editor will
give information about modern ones when he can do so and IF all requests are accompanied with self-
addressed envelop and reply postage CNOT attached). Write to Mr. Gordon direct, NOT to
the magazine.

Conducted by R. W. GORDON, 4 Cor.ant Hall. Cambridge, Mass.

A NOTHER song that I’d like to know a great
deal more about is the famous “Casey Jones.”
This song in the form in which it is commonly sung
today is the product of Eddie Newton and T. Law-
rence Siebert, and was copyrighted by them in 1909.
They did not, however, originate the song, but
merely made a new version built upon older ma-
terial. Much of this material was in the form of
scattered stanzas, some of which dealt with Jay
Gould and not with Casey Jones at all.

  There is even some debate as to whether or not
there ever was an actual Casey Jones, though it is
almost certain that before the time of Newton and
Siebert these scattered verses had formed them-
selves into something like a regular song dealing
with an actual wreck. Where and when this wreck
occurred, and who the engineer was, are questions
not yet satisfactorily answered.

  Then immediately following the version of New-
ton and Siebert, dozens of other stanzas and ver-
sions sprang up, built in turn upon their work.
These were largely the work of various railroad men.

  The whole history is very complicated, and I’m
turning to you for help. Send in as many versions
or stray verses as you can, and state as accurately
as possible when you heard them, and where. Tell
me all you can about the wreck, or about Casey him-
self, but be sure to distinguish between facts that
you know to be facts and mere hearsay. Both are
of value but they should not be mixed.

  Again, I’ll make the same offer I made in the case
of “Frankie and Johnny.” A six months subscrip-
tion to the reader sending in •within one month the
most helpful reply to this call for information!

'T'HE two best articles I know on the history ap-
peared in the Railroad Man’s Magazine in 1911-
12 from which I reprint through the courtesy of the
Frank A. Munsey Co., the first two versions below.
My third version which differs slightly from one
given in the articles above referred to, comes from
Mr. C. H. Street of Kenosha, Wisconsin.

Original Casey Jones

-Come all you rounders, I want you to hear
The story told of an engineer.

Old Casey Jones was the rounder’s name,

A high right-wheeler of mighty fame.

Caller called Jones about half past four;

He kissed his wife at the station door,

Climbed into the cab with his orders in his hand
And says, “This is my trip to the Holy Land.”

Through the South Memphis yards on the fly,

He heard his fire-boy say, “You’ve got a white eye!”
And all the switchmen knew by the engine’s moans
That the man at the throttle was old Casey Jones.

It had been raining some five or six weeks,

The railroad track looked like the bed of a creek.
They loaded him down to a thirty-mile gait,

And threw the southbound mail about eight hours
    late.

Fireman hollered, “Casey, you’re going too fast!

You run a block board the last station we passed!”
“Yes,” says Casey, “but I think we’ll make it
through,

For she is steaming better than I ever knew.”

Jones said, “Fireman, don’t you fret!

Keep knocking at that firebox; don’t give it up yet.
For I am going to run her till she leaves the rail,

Or make it on time with the Southern maiL”

Around the curve and over the dump
Two locomotives were bound to bump.

Firemen hollered, “Jonesie, she’s right ahead!

We might jump and make it, but we’ll all be dead!”

Around the curve he spied a train,

Reversing his engine caused the bell to ring.
Fireman jumped off, but Casey stayed on—

Was a good engineer, but he’s dead and gone!

Old Casey Jones, he was all right,

He stuck to his duty both day and night.

They loved to hear his whistle and the ring of No. 3,
As he came into Memphis on the old I. C.

Headaches and backaches, and all kinds of pain
Are not apart from a railroad train;

Tales that are earnest, noble, and grand
Are all in the life of a railroad man.

                 Casey Jones
By a section man
Come all you dagos if you want to hear
A story of a real good engineer.

Casey Shannon was the hero’s name
On a dinky line, boys, he won his fame.

Casey was known throughout the run
To shine his engine when his work was done;

And every one knew by the engine’s whine
When Casey ran on the dinky line.

Through the Marchfield yards he let her speed,
Eating up coal with hoggish greed.

He looked at his watch, trembled, and said,

“We shall make it, but we’ll all be dead!”

Casey pulled up into something burg,

And No. 10 was hitting the curve.

Casey said, “Boys, you’d better jump,

’Cause there’s two big engines that’s going to bump!”

Casey said before he died,

“There were two more engines that he’d like to ride.”
Miller asked, “Which may they be?”

“The nine-ninety-seven and the six-thirty-three.”

191
ig2

Adventure

                  Casey Jones

                   By d negro
Casey looked out and saw that cow,

He tried to stop, but couldn’t, somehow.

He said to the boy, “We are going to bump,

And while there’s time you had better jump!”

“All right, boss,” the boy replied,

And left the cab by the door in the side.

When the wreck was cleared, poor Casey was dead,
But the boy got up, half crazy, and said:

“Now all you ramblers in mourning go,

For the prince of ramblers is lying low;

And all you maidens that love the name
Put on your mourning veils again!”

That’s enough to show how varied the song is
today, and how complicated its history. Every
scrap of information that any one of you can send
in will be appreciated.

AND before it’s too late to obtain them, the
“Blues” ought to be collected and preserved.
Owing to the modem fad for “Blues” and the con-
sequent production of imitations, the old and gen-
uine specimens are being forgotten or becoming

hopelessly confused with the new and the spurious.
The Blues form a distinct type of song, curious and
interesting not only for the words but for the strange
wailing music. The following example is, I think,
genuine. I wish I could add the music, which gives
it most of its effectiveness. It came to me through
a friend who had captured it from negro singing.
Send in more of them.

The Train I Ride
{Text of W. F., Berkeley, California.)

When a woman gits de blues she lays down an’
   c-r-y-s,

When a man gits de blues he takes a freight train
   an’ r-i-d-e-s.

Oh, de train ah ride,

Oh, de train ah ride,

Is sixteen coaches
Ah mean coaches—

Oh, de train I ride

Is sixteen c-o-a-c-h-e-s 1-o-n-g.

CEND all contributions of old songs and all ques-
tions concerning them direct to R. W. Gor-
don, 4 Conant Hall, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
DO NOT send them to the magazine.

                       _V_\

THE TRAIL AHEAD

JUNE 30TH ISSUE

       THE FIGUREHEAD A Complete Novelette

                  He had the soul of a jackal in the body of a lion.	Georges Surdez

       VENGEANCE A Complete Novelette

              Sigmund waited long for it.	Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur

      THE CORRUPTION OF DEACON MUNDEN

                      A Complete Novelette Charles Victor Fischer

                    He was a peace-loving man, but his ribs were ticklish.

THE PURSUIT	George Bruce Marquis

                   The Indian scout knew a thing or two.

PARTS A Five-Part Story Part IV	Hugh Pendexter

                    The Pilgrim finds himself.

THE SETTING OF SUNRISE	Alex. McLaren

                   He essayed assaying but found something better to do.

TERLEGAPHY AND THE BRONC	Alan LeMay

                  When a horse won’t—he won’t!

WOLVES OF THE SEA	F. St. Mars

                   When the grampus dives things begin to happen.

TEN MINUTES	Erls D. Hosmer

                    The fruit of intemperance on a banana plantation.

Still Farther Ahead

'“T'TIE three issues following the next will contain long stories by Georges Surdez, Thomson Burtis, Leonard
i H. Nason, J. Allan Dunn, George E. Holt, Everett Saunders, John Murray Reynolds, Frederick Moore
and Walter J. Coburn; and short stories by S. B. H. Hurst, Nevil Henshaw, Alan Le May, Fred F. Fleischer,
Rolf Bennett, Michael J. Phillips, Ralph R. Perry, Captain Mansfield, Chester T. Crowell, Alanson Skin-
ner, L. Paul, Fairfax Downey, Royce Brier, Bill Adams and others; stories of aviators in the oilfields, pirates
on the Spanish Main, bandits in Bosnia, French troopers in Africa, bullies in the Cajan country, British
dragoons in France, cowboys on the Western Range, traders in the South Seas, desert riders in Africa,
revolutionists in Central America, lumberjacks in the North Woods, hardcase skippers on the high seas,
Indian detectives on the reservation, bluejackets with the Atlantic fleet, adventurers the world around.
Look for

on the back

The professional photographer makes his negatives under
the softly modulated light in his studio. He requires for his
finished prints a paper of a certain quality to fit his negatives,,

  The amateur photographer makes his negatives under ex-
actly opposite conditions—in the contrasty glare of outdoor
sunshine. His negatives require for the best results a paper
of a very different quality.

  Velox is the only paper made for the sole purpose of fit-
ting the requirements of the amateur negative. And it does
fit them more perfectly than any other paper.

  Careful finishers use Velox exclusively because it is exclu-
sively made for careful finishers.

  Look for “Velox” on the back.

EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY

Rochester, N. Y., The Kodak City
—that good old
 licorice flavor”

©1925

AMERICAN
CHICLE CO.

“LIFE’S DARKEST MOMENT”